 EX-10.5 3 c07901exv10w5.htm EXHIBIT 10.5

  Exhibit 10.5

  AMENDED AND RESTATED LICENSE AGREEMENT

  This Amended and Restated License Agreement (“Agreement”) is made and
  entered into as of September 15, 2010 (the “Agreement Date”), and is
  deemed effective as of the Effective Date (hereinafter defined), by and
  between Somaxon Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (“Somaxon”) and ProCom One, Inc.
  (“ProCom One”).

  RECITALS

  WHEREAS, ProCom One and Somaxon are parties to that certain License
  Agreement dated August 25, 2003, as amended, which agreement the parties
  now wish to amend and restate in its entirety with this Agreement;

  WHEREAS, ProCom One is the owner of all right, title and interest in
  certain Patent Rights and Know-How (both as hereinafter defined); and

  WHEREAS, ProCom One agrees to grant, and Somaxon accepts, an exclusive,
  worldwide license to the Patent Rights and the Know-How to develop and
  commercialize the Licensed Products (hereinafter defined).

  AGREEMENT

  NOW, THEREFORE, for and in consideration of the above described recitals,
  the mutual covenants of the parties hereinafter contained and other good
  and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which is
  hereby acknowledged by the parties, the parties hereto, intending to be
  legally bound, enter into the agreements contained herein.

  1. 	  	
  DEFINITIONS

  For purposes of this Agreement, the following terms shall have the
  meanings set forth below unless the context dictates otherwise.

  1.1 “Combination Product” shall mean any Licensed Product that (a)
  incorporates one or more active ingredients which alone would be outside
  the scope of a valid claim under the Patent Rights, (b) incorporates a
  proprietary dosage delivery system and/or (c) is sold together with one
  or more products for a single invoiced price. For the avoidance of doubt,
  the scope of the Somaxon Licenses shall extend to Combination Products.

  1.2 “Commercially Reasonable Efforts” shall mean efforts and resources
  normally used by a party required to use such efforts and resources for a
  product, proposed product or technology owned by it or to which it has
  rights, which is of similar commercial potential at a similar stage in
  its development or product life, taking into account issues of safety and
  efficacy; market size; competition; the proprietary position of the
  product, proposed product or technology; third party rights; the
  regulatory status of the product, proposed product or technology and
  other applicable regulatory considerations; reimbursement matters; actual
  and/or projected profitability of the product, proposed product or
  technology; and other relevant factors.

   

  Page 1 of 15

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

  1.3 “Compounds” shall mean doxepin, amitriptyline, trimipramine,
  trazodone and nortriptyline (as well as any respective prodrugs,
  hydrates, salts, esters, metabolites, isomers, polymorphs or analogues
  thereof).

  1.4 “Effective Date” shall be August 25, 2003.

  1.5 “FDA” shall mean United States Food and Drug Administration of the
  United States Department of Health and Human Services, its successor
  agencies or its foreign counterparts outside the United States.

  1.6 “Field” shall mean the prevention, treatment or control of insomnia,
  and any other use of the Compounds within the Ranges.

  1.7 “Improvements” shall mean any modification to a Licensed Product,
  including, without limitation, (i) any modification in use, manufacture,
  preparation, means of delivery or dosage, (ii) reformulations (including,
  without limitation, extended release formulations and flash dose
  formulations), and (iii) any modification to any compounds, metabolites,
  active moieties, intermediates or active ingredients, with the proviso
  that the composition following such modification(s) still contains at
  least one Compound within its Range.

  1.8 “Know-How” shall mean all trade secrets, inventions, data, processes,
  procedures, devices, methods, formulas, protocols, information and other
  know-how, whether or not patentable, in each case which are owned by or
  licensed to ProCom One during the Term and are necessary or useful for
  the commercial exploitation of: (i) the Patent Rights or any product,
  process, design or other matter covered by the Patent Rights; (ii) the
  design, development, manufacture, testing, use, or sale of the Licensed
  Products; or (iii) any other information relating to the Patent Rights or
  the Licensed Products which would be useful to Somaxon in the development
  of Licensed Products.

  1.9 “Licensed Products” shall mean: (i) any product the manufacture, use,
  sale or importation of which would infringe a valid claim under the
  Patent Rights but for the Somaxon Licenses contemplated hereby; and/or
  (ii) any composition containing at least one Compound within its Range,
  regardless of its intended use.

  1.10 “NDA” shall mean a New Drug Application filed with the FDA, as
  defined in the U.S. Federal Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act and applicable
  regulations promulgated thereunder, as amended from time to time.

  1.11 “NDA Acceptance” shall mean the written notice of acceptance of a
  NDA sent by the FDA.

  1.13 “NDA Approval” shall mean the approval, license, registration or
  authorization, however called, of a NDA by the FDA necessary for the
  marketing, use, and sale in the United States of the drug identified in
  the NDA.

   

  Page 2 of 15

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

  1.14 “Net Sales”

  A. For Licensed Products other than Combination Products, “Net Sales”
  shall mean the total gross amount invoiced by Somaxon, its affiliates or
  sublicensees from the sale of any Licensed Product to third parties less
  the sum of (a) returns, credits and allowances to third parties actually
  allowed or paid, (b) wholesale or cash or trade or quantity discounts,
  refunds, rebates, charge-backs or retroactive price adjustments, actually
  allowed or paid, (c) sales, use or excise taxes or duties imposed on the
  transaction and paid by Somaxon, its affiliates or sublicensees, (d) bad
  debts actually incurred, and (e) charges for freight, transportation and
  insurance directly related to the distribution of the Licensed Products
  (excluding amounts reimbursed by third party customers).

  B. In the case of the sale of a Combination Product under Section 1.1(a),
  (b) or (c), the Net Sales for such Combination Product, except as may be
  provided through the operation of Section 1.14(C) shall equal the gross
  amount invoiced for such Combination Product less

    	(1) 	  	
  the adjustments (a)-(e) specified in Section 1.14(A) above,
   
    	(2) 	  	
  the lesser of:

    	(x) 	  	
  ten (10%) of the gross amount invoiced for such Combination Product, or
   
    	(y) 	  	
  any royalty and/or other cost of goods payable by Somaxon, its affiliate
  or sublicensee to any third party due to the presence in the Combination
  Product of a proprietary dosage delivery system and/or at least one
  active ingredient which alone would be outside the scope of a valid claim
  under the Patent Rights; and

    	(3) 	  	
  an amount equal to the fraction (A-B)/2, where:

    	A 	=   	
  the gross amount invoiced for such Combination Product less the
  deductions under clauses (1) and (2) of this Section 1.14(B), and
   
    	B 	=   	
  the gross amount invoiced for the initial Licensed Product sold by
  Somaxon, its affiliate or sublicensee less the deductions under clauses
  (a)-(e) in the definition of Net Sales in Section 1.14(A) above.

  C. For purposes of calculating the Royalty in Section 4.2, in no event
  shall the Net Sales of any single unit of any Licensed Product sold by
  Somaxon, its affiliate or sublicensee subsequent to the initial Licensed
  Product, including any Combination Product, be less than the Net Sales of
  a single unit of the initial Licensed Product.

  D. For the avoidance of doubt, sales of a Licensed Product by and between
  Somaxon and an affiliate or sublicensee are not sales to third parties
  and shall be excluded from Net Sales calculations for all purposes.

   

  Page 3 of 15

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

  1.15 “Patent Rights” shall mean: (i) U.S. Patent Nos. 5,502,047,
  5,643,897, 6,211,229 and 6,344,487; (ii) all other existing U.S. and
  international patents and/or patent applications now owned, co-owned, 
  licensed or controlled by ProCom One directed to the Compounds within the
  Ranges; and (iii) all U.S. and international patent applications and
  patents on Improvements owned, co-owned, licensed or controlled by ProCom
  One during the Term. For the avoidance of doubt, the existing patent
  applications referenced in subclause (ii) of this Section 1.15 shall
  include, but not be limited to, the rights of ProCom One in the following
  patent applications:
    	  	  	  	 
   
    	(a) 	  	U.S. patent application number 12/446,914,
   
    	(b) 	  	U.S. patent application number 11/804,722,
   
    	(c) 	  	U.S. patent application number 11/804,720,
   
    	(d) 	  	Japanese patent application number 2009-511109,
   
    	(e) 	  	Canadian patent application number 2687118,
   
    	(f) 	  	U.S. patent application number 11/867,595,
   
    	(g) 	  	U.S. patent application number 12/535,640
   
    	(h) 	  	U.S. patent application number 12/535,623
   
    	(i) 	  	U.S. patent application number 12/517,507,
   
    	(j) 	  	U.S. patent application number 12/301,223,
   
    	(k) 	  	E.P.O. patent application number 7,795,135.8,
   
    	(l) 	  	Japanese patent application number 2009-511110, and
   
    	(m) 	  	Canadian patent application number 2687124.

  The Patent Rights shall further include all divisions, provisionals,
  renewals, continuations, continuations-in-part, reissues, extensions or
  substitutions thereof and any foreign patent applications and patents
  corresponding thereto related to any of the foregoing.

  1.16 “Ranges” shall mean the following recited dosage range for each of
  the Compounds:
    	  	  	  	  	  	 
   
    	(a) 	  	Doxepin 	  	0.0001-20 mg
   
    	(b) 	  	Amitriptyline 	  	0.5-20 mg
   
    	(c) 	  	Trimipramine 	  	0.5-20 mg
   
    	(d) 	  	Trazodone 	  	0.5-20 mg
   
    	(e) 	  	Nortriptyline 	  	0.5-10 mg

  For the avoidance of doubt, “dosage” shall mean the amount of active
  material to be administered at a given time, irrespective of the number
  or type of dosage units (e.g., tablets, capsules, etc.) used in such
  administration.

  2. 	  	
  GRANT OF RIGHTS

  2.1 License. During the Term, ProCom One grants to Somaxon an exclusive
  (even as to ProCom One), world-wide license under the Patent Rights and
  the Know-How to develop, make, have made, use, sell, have sold, offer for
  sale, import or otherwise commercialize Licensed Products and
  Improvements in the Field (collectively “Somaxon Licenses”). For the
  avoidance of doubt, the scope of the Somaxon Licenses shall extend to
  Combination Products.

  2.2 Right to Sublicense. Somaxon may sublicense the Somaxon Licenses to
  any third party, however, such sublicense(s) shall not relieve Somaxon of
  its obligations to ProCom One under this Agreement. Somaxon shall
  promptly inform ProCom One of the issuance of all such sublicenses.

   

  Page 4 of 15

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

  2.3 Disclosure of Know-How and Patent Rights. ProCom One shall promptly
  deliver to Somaxon or provide Somaxon with copies of (1) all documents,
  drawings, specifications, programs, devices and equipment relating to,
  and all other tangible manifestations of, the Know-How; and (2) all
  patent applications (for which U.S. and international patents have not
  issued) included in the Patent Rights.

  2.4 Improvements. ProCom One shall promptly disclose and communicate to
  Somaxon any Improvements discovered, invented, originated, made,
  conceived or acquired by ProCom One after the Effective Date
  (collectively “ProCom One Improvements”) and all such ProCom One
  Improvements shall automatically be included within the scope of the
  Know-How and Patent Rights and each party’s rights to such ProCom One
  Improvements shall be governed in accordance with the terms of this
  Agreement. Each party to this Agreement shall take Commercially
  Reasonable Efforts to protect and ensure the secrecy, confidentiality and
  value of all Improvements, excluding any portion of the Improvements that
  shall have become generally known to the public (other than as a result
  of the improper disclosure thereof by such party). Nothing in this
  Agreement imposes any duty or obligation on either party to acquire,
  discover, invent, originate or develop any Improvement.

  2.5 Additional Patents. Consistent with clause (iii) of the definition of
  Patent Rights, if, during the term of this Agreement, ProCom One obtains
  the rights to any patents or patent applications, the claims of which
  cover any Improvements, such patents and patent applications shall be
  automatically, without any further action of the parties, be included in
  the licensed Patent Rights. ProCom One shall provide reasonably prompt
  notice to Somaxon of any prospective patentable rights and shall consult
  with Somaxon concerning ProCom One’s plans for the prosecution of the
  related patent rights. Furthermore, ProCom One shall provide Somaxon with
  a reasonable period of time to comment on any related patent application
  prior to the filing of such patent application and shall use Commercially
  Reasonable Efforts to accommodate any comments and other suggestions from
  Somaxon with respect to the patent application and patent prosecution
  strategy.

  2.6 Intellectual Property Rights beyond Somaxon Licenses.

  2.6.1 Somaxon will have the right of first negotiation to acquire rights
  under any intellectual property rights developed by Dr. Kavey and/or
  ProCom One beyond the Somaxon Licenses which do not constitute ProCom One
  Improvements. ProCom One will promptly provide notice to Somaxon of such
  developments and Somaxon will have the right of first negotiation to
  acquire rights thereunder during a period of ninety (90) days following
  its receipt of such notice. In the event the parties fail to come to
  terms with respect to any such additional intellectual property rights,
  ProCom One shall have the right to enter into a transaction with any
  third party with respect to the specific intellectual property rights it
  had offered to Somaxon on terms that are more favorable to ProCom One
  than those last offered by Somaxon to ProCom One in connection with the
  parties’ negotiations.

  2.6.2 In order to facilitate verification by Somaxon that the terms of
  any third party transaction are in fact more favorable to ProCom One than
  those last offered to ProCom One by Somaxon in connection with the
  parties’ negotiations under Section 2.6.1 above, prior to entering into
  any definitive agreement with a third party concerning any matter that is
  subject to the foregoing right of first negotiation, ProCom One shall
  provide Somaxon with a true, accurate and complete copy of the proposed
  definitive agreement certified as such by an officer of ProCom One and
  shall thereafter provide to Somaxon a copy of any amendments to the
  definitive agreement affecting the economic and other materials terms
  thereof. The terms of any such definitive agreement and amendments shall
  be deemed to be confidential information for purposes of Section 6 below, 
  provided that Somaxon may submit such agreement and amendments to the
  arbitrator in the event of any dispute under Section 10 below.

   

  Page 5 of 15

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

  3. 	  	
  COMMERCIALIZATION

  3.1 Development. Somaxon shall use Commercially Reasonable Efforts to:
  (i) develop at least one Licensed Product, (ii) obtain regulatory
  approval of the initial Licensed Product and, (iii) subject to applicable
  regulatory and marketing approval, commercialize such Licensed Product.
  In furtherance of such development, Somaxon shall consult with ProCom One
  with respect to development plans, timelines and budgets and generally
  keep ProCom One informed of material progress and delays, if any, in the
  development through the periodic meetings of Somaxon’s Board of Directors
  (to which ProCom One is entitled to appoint a designee as set forth in
  Section 3.5 below). In the event that any dispute between the parties
  arises related to Somaxon’s compliance with the diligence requirements of
  this Agreement, the parties shall resolve such dispute in accordance with
  Section 10.

  3.2 Clinical Trials. Somaxon shall be responsible for conducting all
  clinical trials and for all regulatory filings and interactions with
  clinical trial sites and any regulatory authorities, including without
  limitation pharmacovigilance. Somaxon shall actively consult with Dr.
  Kavey on the design and implementation of the clinical trials.

  3.3 Commercialization. Somaxon shall be solely responsible for the
  commercial development, marketing, promotion, manufacture, sale and
  distribution of the Licensed Products.

  3.4 Intentionally left blank.

  3.5 Seat on Somaxon’s Board of Directors. During the Term, ProCom One may
  appoint one designee to Somaxon’s Board of Directors, which designee must
  be reasonably acceptable to Somaxon at the time of appointment to
  Somaxon’s Board of Directors.

  4. 	  	
  PAYMENTS

  4.1 Milestone Payments. The parties hereby acknowledge and agree that all
  milestone payments to be paid as consideration for the licenses granted
  hereunder have been fully paid prior to the Agreement Date.

  4.2 Royalty. During the Term, Somaxon shall pay to ProCom One a five
  percent (5%) royalty (“Royalty”) on worldwide Net Sales of Licensed
  Products.

  4.3 Royalty Payment and Reports. Within forty-five (45) days after the
  end of each calendar quarter, Somaxon shall submit to ProCom One a
  written report setting forth for such preceding calendar quarter, the Net
  Sales and the calculation of the Royalty payable to ProCom One pursuant
  to Section 4.2. Such royalty report shall be accompanied by the total
  Royalty due to ProCom One. All payments shall be made in U.S. Dollars.

   

  Page 6 of 15

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

  4.4 Record keeping by Somaxon. Somaxon shall keep accurate books of
  accounts of record in connection with the manufacture, use and sale of
  Licensed Products to permit verification of Royalty payments required
  hereunder. Such records shall be maintained for a period of at least
  three (3) years from the date on which they were generated.

  4.5 Audit by ProCom One. ProCom One shall have the right, at its own
  expense, to access books and records of Somaxon as may be reasonably
  necessary to verify the accuracy of the reports and payments made
  hereunder. Such access shall be conducted upon reasonable written notice
  to Somaxon and during normal business hours. Such access shall not be
  more frequent than once per calendar year. Upon Somaxon’s written
  request, ProCom One shall require the auditing party to sign a
  confidentiality agreement for the benefit of Somaxon. The results of such
  audit shall be made available to Somaxon. If any audit discloses that the
  payments by Somaxon to ProCom One are incorrect in either Somaxon’s or
  ProCom One’s favor, then the other party shall pay any amount due to the
  other party within ten (10) days after receipt of the necessary
  documentation of the amount owed. If ProCom One’s audit demonstrates an
  underpayment of more than five percent (5%) for the payment due to ProCom
  One during any individual calendar quarter, Somaxon shall be liable for
  ProCom One’s cost of the audit that discovered such underpayment.
  Otherwise, the parties shall bear their own costs of such audits.

  4.6 Withholding Taxes. Each party shall be responsible for the payment of
  taxes attributed to its share of Net Sales. Where required to do so by
  applicable law, rule or order of a governmental body, Somaxon shall
  withhold taxes required to be paid to a taxing authority in connection
  with any payments to ProCom One hereunder, and, upon request of ProCom
  One, Somaxon shall furnish ProCom One with satisfactory evidence of such
  withholding and payment. Somaxon shall cooperate with ProCom One in
  obtaining exemption from withholding taxes where available under
  applicable law.

  4.7 Equity. The parties hereby acknowledge and agree that all Somaxon
  equity to be issued to ProCom One, Dr. Kavey or Mr. Cobb as consideration
  for the licenses granted hereunder has been duly and validly issued prior
  to the Agreement Date.

  5. 	  	
  PATENT RIGHTS

  5.1 Patent Prosecution and Maintenance. Except to the extent otherwise
  agreed by the parties, Somaxon shall be responsible for the preparation,
  filing, prosecution and maintenance of the Patent Rights, including all
  payment obligations. Somaxon will provide ProCom One with notice of
  Somaxon’s intent to amend any patent claims within the Patent Rights and,
  time permitting, will permit to ProCom One to review prosecution drafts,
  to provide input and strategy suggestions, however, Somaxon will have the
  sole discretion to determine and direct claim amendments and prosecution
  strategy. Somaxon acknowledges that ProCom One has provided to Somaxon a
  schedule setting forth the timing of all maintenance fees and other
  material prosecution and maintenance activities scheduled with respect to
  the Patent Rights, to the extent, with respect to patent applications
  contained therein, that such patent applications are not being prepared
  and/or prosecuted by or on behalf of Somaxon. ProCom One shall timely
  execute powers of attorney and such other documentation as shall be
  reasonably requested by Somaxon to facilitate Somaxon’s performance as
  contemplated herein. Somaxon shall provide written notice to ProCom One
  from time to time as Somaxon makes any required maintenance payments and
  as any new material information relating to the preparation, filing,
  prosecution or maintenance of the Patent Rights comes to its attention.
  Somaxon will provide ProCom One with notice of Somaxon’s intent to
  abandon any pending patent application included within the Patent Rights
  or to terminate payment of any maintenance fees relating to the Patent
  Rights in sufficient time prior to the abandonment date or maintenance
  fee due date to permit Procom One at its own expense to make any such
  required payments or take any such required action.

   

  Page 7 of 15

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

  5.2 Patent Enforcement.

  5.2.1 If either party should become aware of any infringement or
  misappropriation or threatened infringement or misappropriation of the
  Patent Rights, it shall promptly notify the other party in writing and
  provide any information available to that party relating to such alleged
  infringement or misappropriation.

  5.2.2 Somaxon shall have the primary right, but not the obligation, to
  take action in its own name and its expense to secure the cessation of
  any infringement or misappropriation or to institute, prosecute and
  control legal proceedings to prevent or restrain such infringement or
  misappropriation concerning the Patent Rights in the Field. ProCom One
  agrees to assist Somaxon, at Somaxon’s expense, in the prosecution of any
  action or legal proceedings related to infringement or misappropriation
  of the Patent Rights in the Field. If requested by Somaxon, ProCom One
  agrees (a) to join any action or legal proceeding to enforce the Patent
  Rights in the Field against any third party or (b) to bring such action
  or proceeding in its own name (at Somaxon’s expense and subject to
  Somaxon’s prosecution and control), if required by applicable law or
  regulation for such action or proceeding to be brought or continue. If
  Somaxon takes action or prosecutes legal proceedings relating to the
  infringement or misappropriation of the Patent Rights in the Field, after
  payment of ProCom One’s out-of-pocket costs and Royalty due to ProCom One
  on any award of lost profits, all other damages and costs recovered in
  any action or proceedings or by way of settlement shall belong to
  Somaxon.

  5.2.3 In the event that Somaxon takes no action within six (6) months of
  notice of any such infringement or misappropriation, ProCom One shall
  have the right, but not the obligation, to take action in its own name
  and its expense to secure the cessation of any such infringement or
  misappropriation or to institute, prosecute and control legal proceedings
  to prevent or restrain such infringement or misappropriation concerning
  the Patent Rights in the Field. If requested by ProCom One, Somaxon
  agrees to join any action or legal proceeding to enforce the Patent
  Rights in the Field against any third party. If ProCom One takes action
  or prosecutes legal proceedings relating to the infringement or
  misappropriation of the Patent Rights in the Field, after payment of
  Somaxon’s out-of-pocket costs, all other damages and costs recovered in
  any action or proceedings or by way of settlement shall belong to ProCom
  One.

  5.3 Infringement Action by a Third Party. In the event of the institution
  of any suit by a third party against Somaxon for patent infringement
  arising from the manufacture, use, sale, distribution or marketing of any
  Licensed Product, Somaxon shall promptly notify ProCom One in writing of
  such suit. Somaxon shall have the sole right to defend such suit at its
  own cost and expense, and ProCom One shall, at Somaxon’s expense, assist
  and cooperate with Somaxon in the defense of such suit. If a judgment is
  rendered against Somaxon in such suit and Somaxon is required to pay any
  monies or royalty for past or future use (“Third Party Expense”) based
  solely upon use of the Compounds both (i) in the Field, and (ii) within
  the Ranges, Somaxon may deduct the Third Party Expense (and its cost of
  defense of such action) from its future royalty payment obligations to
  ProCom One pursuant to Section 4.3 up to an amount not to exceed one-half
  (1/2) of such future Royalty payment obligations to ProCom One pursuant
  to such Section 4.2. Such deductions shall further not exceed one-half
  (1/2) of each quarterly Royalty payment made by Somaxon to ProCom One
  pursuant to Section 4.2 hereof.

   

  Page 8 of 15

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

  6. 	  	
  CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION

  6.1 Non-disclosure Obligation. Each of ProCom One and Somaxon shall use
  any information received by it from the other party in connection with
  this Agreement only in accordance with the terms of this Agreement and
  shall not disclose such information to any third party, without the prior
  written consent of the other party. These obligations shall survive the
  expiration or termination of this Agreement for a period of three (3)
  years. These obligations shall not apply to information that:

  6.1.1 is known by the receiving party, as evidenced by its records, at
  the time of receipt and not through a prior disclosure by the disclosing
  party;

  6.1.2 is at the time of disclosure or thereafter becomes published or
  otherwise part of the public domain through no breach of this Agreement
  by the receiving party;

  6.1.3 is subsequently disclosed to the receiving party as evidenced by
  its records, by a third party having the right to make such a disclosure;

  6.1.4 is developed by the receiving party as evidenced by its records
  independently of information received by it from the disclosing party
  hereunder;

  6.1.5 is disclosed to any regulatory authority in order to obtain
  approval to market the Licensed Products, but such disclosure may be made
  only to the extent necessary to obtain such approval; or

  6.1.6 is required by law, regulation, rule, act or order of any
  governmental authority or agency to be disclosed by a party, provided 
  that notice is promptly given to the other party in order to provide it
  an opportunity to seek a protective order or the like with respect to
  such information.

  6.2 Permitted Disclosure. Information provided under this Agreement may
  be disclosed to employees, agents, consultants, or suppliers of the
  receiving party, but only to the extent required to accomplish the
  purposes of this Agreement.

  6.3 Publicity. Except as required by law, regulation or court order, all
  publicity, press releases and other announcements relating to the terms
  of this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby shall be
  reviewed in advance by, and shall be subject to the written approval of,
  both parties.

   

  Page 9 of 15

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

  7. 	  	
  REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES AND COVENANTS

  7.1 Corporate Existence and Power. As of the Effective Date and the
  Agreement Date, each party represents and warrants to the other that it
  (1) is a corporation duly organized, validly existing and in good
  standing under the laws of the state in which it is incorporated, and (2)
  has full corporate power and authority and the legal right to own and
  operate its property and assets and to carry on its business as it is now
  being conducted and is contemplated in this Agreement, including, without
  limitation, the right to grant the licenses granted hereunder.

  7.2 Authority. As of the Effective Date and the Agreement Date, each
  party represents and warrants to the other that it (1) has the corporate
  power and authority and the legal right to enter into this Agreement and
  perform its obligations hereunder; (2) has taken all necessary corporate
  action on its part required to authorize the execution and delivery of
  this Agreement and the performance of its obligations hereunder; (3) this
  Agreement has been duly executed and delivered on behalf of such party,
  and constitutes a legal, valid and binding obligation of such party and
  is enforceable against it in accordance with its terms; and (4) all
  necessary consents, approvals and authorizations of all governmental
  authorities and other persons or entities required to be obtained by such
  party in connection with entry into this Agreement have been obtained.

  7.3 Intellectual Property.

  7.3.1 ProCom One represents and warrants to Somaxon that it is not aware
  of any pending or threatened litigation (and has not received any
  communication relating thereto) which alleges that the practice of a
  method claimed in any of U.S. Patent Nos. 5,502,047, 5,643,897, 6,211,229
  and 6,344,487 or any of the other Patent Rights infringes the
  intellectual property rights of any third party.

  7.3.2 ProCom One represents and warrants that to the best of ProCom One’s
  knowledge, there is no material unauthorized use, infringement or
  misappropriation of any of the Patent Rights or Know-How by any third
  party.

  7.3.3 ProCom One represents and warrants that with the exception of
  certain past and present employees of Somaxon, no present or former
  collaborator, partner, employee or consultant of ProCom One or Dr. Neil
  B. Kavey owns or has any proprietary, financial or other interest, direct
  or indirect, in the Patent Rights or Know-How, and no third party’s
  confidential information is included in the Patent Rights or Know-How.

  7.3.4 ProCom One agrees not to disclose to Somaxon, or use in connection
  with ProCom One’s efforts for Somaxon, any confidential or proprietary
  information belonging to any third party.

  7.4 Intentionally left blank.

  7.5 Kavey Agreement. ProCom One shall not, without Somaxon’s prior
  written consent, amend, modify, waive any rights with respect to, or
  terminate that certain Agreement for Assignment of Inventions and
  Covenant Against Disclosure dated June 27, 2003 between ProCom One and
  Neil B. Kavey, M.D.

   

  Page 10 of 15

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

  8. 	  	
  INDEMNIFICATION

  8.1 Indemnification by ProCom One. ProCom One shall indemnify, defend and
  hold harmless Somaxon and its affiliates and each of their respective
  employees, officers, directors and agents from and against any and all
  liability, loss, damage, cost and expense (including reasonable
  attorney’s fees) resulting from or in connection with the breach by
  ProCom One of any representation or warranty or any of its obligations
  under this Agreement.

  8.2 Indemnification by Somaxon. Somaxon shall indemnify, defend and hold
  harmless ProCom One and its affiliates and each of their respective
  employees, officers, directors and agents from and against any and all
  liability, loss, damage, cost and expense (including reasonable
  attorney’s fees) resulting from or in connection with (i) the breach by
  Somaxon of any representation or warranty or any of its obligations under
  this Agreement or (ii) claims, settlements, suits, actions, demands, or
  judgments arising out of any theory of product liability (including, but
  not limited to, actions in the form of tort, warranty, or strict
  liability) by any third party concerning any product that is made, used,
  marketed or sold by Somaxon or its affiliates or sublicensees, including
  Licensed Products, provided, however, that such indemnification right
  shall not apply to any liability, damage, loss, or expense to the extent
  directly attributable to the negligence, reckless misconduct, or
  intentional misconduct of a party seeking indemnification under this
  Section 8.2.

  9. 	  	
  TERM AND TERMINATION

  9.1 Term. The term of this Agreement shall begin upon the Effective Date,
  and unless sooner terminated as hereinafter provided, shall continue in
  full force and effect until expiration of the last to expire patent
  within the Patent Rights (“Term”).

  9.2 Termination by Somaxon. Somaxon may terminate this Agreement at any
  time by giving thirty (30) days written notice of its intention to
  terminate to ProCom One if Somaxon has the good faith belief that the use
  of any Licensed Product poses an unacceptable safety risk or if, in
  Somaxon’s reasonable opinion, the Licensed Product fails to achieve a
  satisfactory level of efficacy.

  9.3 Termination for Cause. Either party may terminate this Agreement upon
  thirty (30) days prior written notice provided to the other at any time
  during the term of this Agreement upon the occurrence of one or more of
  the following:

  9.3.1 if the other party commits a material breach of any of its
  obligations under this Agreement and fails to remedy the breach within
  ninety (90) days after receiving written notice of such breach from the
  other party; however, if the breach cannot reasonably be cured within the
  ninety (90) day period, this Agreement may only be terminated if the
  party in default fails to properly commence and thereafter uses
  Commercially Reasonable Efforts to prosecute actions to cure such breach;
  or

  9.3.2 upon the filing and institution of bankruptcy, reorganization,
  liquidation, or receivership proceedings, or upon an assignment of a
  substantial portion of the assets for the benefit of creditors by the
  other party, or in the event a receiver or custodian is appointed for
  such party’s business, or if a substantial portion of such party’s
  business is subject to attachment or similar process, provided, however,
  that in the case of any involuntary bankruptcy proceeding, such right to
  terminate shall only become effective if the proceeding is not dismissed
  within sixty (60) days after the filing thereof.

   

  Page 11 of 15

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

  9.4 Procedure upon Termination. Upon the termination of the Agreement by
  Somaxon pursuant to Section 9.2 or by ProCom One pursuant to Section 9.3,
  Somaxon shall assign to ProCom One all information and data developed or
  acquired by Somaxon, including all data and other information from
  clinical trials, relating to the Licensed Products which ProCom One shall
  be free to use and disclose without further obligation to Somaxon. Upon
  the expiration of this Agreement or any termination of this Agreement by
  Somaxon pursuant to Section 9.3, Somaxon shall have a paid-up, perpetual,
  exclusive license to use the Know-How with regard to the Licensed
  Products in the Field with no obligation of accounting or otherwise to
  ProCom One and ProCom One shall have no right to receive or use any
  information developed or acquired by Somaxon, including all data and
  other information from clinical trials, relating to the Licensed
  Products. Furthermore, such termination shall not relieve either party of
  any obligations which have accrued prior to the effective date of such
  termination.

  9.5 Survival. Except as expressly provided herein, Sections 6, 8, 9.4,
  9.5, 10 and 11 shall survive any expiration or early termination of this
  Agreement, as well as any other provisions which by their nature are
  intended to survive expiration or early termination.

  10. 	  	
  DISPUTE RESOLUTION

  10.1 Informal Resolution. In the event of any dispute relating to this
  Agreement, prior to instituting any arbitration on account of such
  dispute, the parties shall attempt in good faith to settle such dispute
  first by negotiation and consultation between themselves, including
  referral of such dispute to the Chief Executive Officer of Somaxon and
  the Chief Executive Officer of ProCom One. In the event said executives
  are unable to resolve such dispute or agree upon a mechanism to resolve
  such dispute within thirty (30) days of the first written request for
  dispute resolution under this Section 10.1, then the parties shall
  resolve all such disputes in accordance with Section 10.2.

  10.2 Arbitration.

  10.2.1 Subject to Section 10.1, any controversy, dispute or claim arising
  out of, in connection with, or in relation to the interpretation,
  performance, or alleged breach of this Agreement which has not been
  resolved by good faith negotiations between the parties shall be
  submitted to binding arbitration by Judicial Arbitration & Mediation
  Services, Inc./Endispute (“J.A.M.S.”) or a similar private judging
  service employing retired judges agreed to by the parties.

  10.2.2 The parties may agree on a retired judge from the J.A.M.S. panel
  or the panel of any alternate private judging service agreed upon by the
  parties. If the parties are unable to agree, J.A.M.S. or the alternative
  service shall be requested to provide a list of three available judges
  and each party may strike one. The remaining judge will serve as the
  arbitrator.

   

  Page 12 of 15

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

  10.2.3 Either party may initiate the arbitration by sending written
  notice of such submission by registered or certified mail to the other
  party and to J.A.M.S. or the alternative service describing the dispute,
  the amount involved and the remedy sought. The arbitrator will schedule a
  pre-hearing conference to reach agreement on procedural matters and
  discovery, arrange for the exchange of information, obtain stipulations,
  and attempt to narrow the issues. The arbitrator’s decision shall comply
  with applicable rules of law.

  10.2.4 The decision of the arbitrator will be final and may be entered in
  any court of competent jurisdiction. The prevailing party shall be
  entitled to recover its reasonable attorneys’ fees and costs, including,
  without limitation, expert witness fees and costs, as determined by the
  arbitrator, as applicable. Under no circumstances may the arbitrator
  award any punitive damages.

  10.3 Governing Law. This Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the
  State of California, excluding that body of law known as conflicts of
  law.

  11. 	  	
  MISCELLANEOUS

  11.1 Interpretation. All titles and captions in this Agreement are for
  convenience only and shall not be interpreted as having any substantive
  meaning. All words used in this Agreement, regardless of the gender in
  which they are used, shall be construed to include any other gender, as
  the context or sense may require. Words in the singular number shall
  include the plural and vice versa, as the context or sense may require

  11.2 Unenforceability. Both parties hereby expressly state that it is the
  intention of neither party to violate any rule, law or regulation. If any
  of the provisions of this Agreement are held to be void or unenforceable,
  then such void or unenforceable provisions shall be replaced by valid and
  enforceable provisions which will achieve as far as possible the economic
  business intentions of the parties.

  11.3 No Waiver. The failure by either party to take any action or assert
  any right hereunder shall in no way be construed to be a waiver of such
  right, nor in any way be deemed to affect the validity of this Agreement
  or any part hereof, or the right of a party to thereafter enforce each
  and every provision of this Agreement.

  11.4 Drafting. This Agreement shall not be construed more strictly
  against one party than the other because it may have been drafted by one
  of the parties or its counsel, each party having contributed through its
  counsel substantially and materially to the negotiation and drafting
  thereof.

  11.5 Assignment. This Agreement and the parties’ rights and obligations
  hereunder shall not be assignable except with the prior written consent
  of the other party; except that (i) Somaxon shall have the right to
  assign this Agreements and/or its rights and obligations hereunder to any
  of its affiliates, successors in interest or acquirers of all or
  substantially all of its assets relating to the Licensed Products, and
  (ii) with Somaxon’s prior written consent, ProCom One shall have the
  right to assign this Agreement and/or its rights and obligations
  hereunder to any of its affiliates, successors in interest or acquirers
  of all or substantially all of its assets.

   

  Page 13 of 15

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

  11.6 Notices. Every notice, demand, consent, request, approval, report,
  offer, acceptance, certificate, or other communication which may be, or
  is required to be, given or delivered under or with respect to this
  Agreement or by applicable law or statute shall be in writing and sent
  postage prepaid by United States registered or certified mail, return
  receipt requested, and directed to the other party at its address set
  forth below, or at such other address within the continental United
  States as any party may hereafter designate by similar notice to the
  other.

  For ProCom One:

  ProCom One, Inc.
  c/o Terry Cobb
  100 E. San Antonio, Ste 201
  San Marcos TX 78666
  Telephone: (    ) ___ - _____
  Fax: (    ) ___ - _____

  For Somaxon:

  President and Chief Executive Officer
  Somaxon Pharmaceuticals, Inc.
  c/o General Counsel
  3570 Carmel Mountain Road, Suite 100
  San Diego, California 92130
  Telephone: (858) 876-6505
  Fax: (858) 509-1761

  11.7 Entire Agreement. This Agreement contains the entire understanding
  between the parties relating to the subject matter hereof and supercedes
  any and all prior agreements, understandings and arrangements, whether
  written or oral, between the parties. No amendments, changes,
  modifications or alterations of the terms and conditions of this
  Agreement shall be binding upon either party hereto unless in writing and
  signed by both parties.

  11.8 Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in counterparts and
  each such counterpart shall be deemed an original hereof.

   

  Page 14 of 15

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

  IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Agreement as of
  the Agreement Date.
    	  	  	  	 
    	ProCom One, Inc.
    	 
    	By:   	/s/ Terry Cobb   	 
    	  	Name:   	Terry Cobb  	 
    	  	Title:   	President  	 
   
    	  	Agreed:  	/s/ Neil Kavey, MD  	 
    	  	  	Neil Kavey, MD  	 
   
    	Somaxon Pharmaceuticals, Inc.
    	 
    	By:   	/s/ Richard W. Pascoe   	 
    	  	Name:   	Richard W. Pascoe  	 
    	  	Title:   	President and Chief Executive Officer  	 
   

   

  Page 15 of 15