 EX-10.5 7 f8k110810ex10v_chinaalumin.htm PROXY AGREEMENT
 
Exhibit 10.5
 
PROXY AGREEMENT


      This Proxy Agreement (the “Agreement”) is entered into as of August 
12,2010 between and among Zhengzhou Shentong Investment Consulting Co., Ltd
., a limited liability company organized under the laws of the People’s 
Republic of China (“Shentong Investment”), Zhengzhou Shensheng Aluminum 
Foil Co., Ltd., a limited liability company organized under the laws of the 
People’s Republic of China (“Shensheng Aluminum”) and Zhengzhou Aluminum 
Co., Ltd, the sole shareholder of Shensheng Aluminum (“Zhengzhou 
Aluminum”). Shentong Investment, Zhengzhou Aluminum and Shensheng Aluminum 
are referred to collectively in this Agreement as the “Parties.”

RECITALS

A.  
Zhengzhou Aluminum hold 100% of the outstanding shares of Shensheng 
Aluminum, a company with limited liability organized under the laws of the 
PRC (the “Company”);

B.  
Zhengzhou Aluminum is willing to entrust the person designated by Shentong 
Investment with their voting rights (with respect to share held by the 
shareholder) without any limitations, at any shareholder meeting of the 
Company.

      NOW THEREFORE, the parties agree as follows:

1.  
Zhengzhou Aluminum hereby agrees to irrevocably grant the person designated 
by Shentong Investment with the right to exercise his. Her or its 
shareholder voting rights and other shareholder right, including the 
attendance at and the voting of such shares at the shareholder’s meeting of 
Company (or by written consent in lieu of a meeting) in according with 
applicable laws and its Articles of Association, including but not limited 
to the rights to sell or transfer all or any of his equity interests of the 
Company, and appoint and vote the directors and the Chairman as the 
authorized representative of the Company.

2.  
Shentong Investment agrees to designate the person who accepts the 
authority granted by the Zhengzhou Aluminum hereunder pursuant to the 
Article 1 of this Agreement, and the designated person shall represent the 
Zhengzhou Aluminum to exercise the Zhengzhou Aluminum’ voting rights and 
other shareholder right pursuant to this Agreement.

3.  
Zhengzhou Aluminum hereby acknowledge that, whatever any change with the 
equity interest of Company, it shall both entrust the person designated by 
Shentong Investment with all shareholder’s voting rights and all the rights 
of Zhengzhou Aluminum; if the Zhengzhou Aluminum transfer their equity 
interest of Company to any individual or company, Shentong Investment, or 
the individuals or entities designated by Shentong Investment (the 
“Transferee”), it shall compel and assure that such Transferee sign an 
agreement with the same terms and conditions of this Agreement granting 
Shentong Investment the shareholder rights of Transferee.
 
 
 
1
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 

 
4.  
Zhengzhou Aluminum hereby acknowledge that if Shentong Investment withdraws 
the appointment of the relevant person, Shentong Investment will withdraw 
the appointment and authorization to this person and authorize other 
person, in substitution, designated by Shentong Investment for exercising 
shareholder voting rights and other tights of themselves at the shareholder 
meetings of the Company.

5.  
This Agreement has been duly executed by the parties’ authorized 
representatives as of the date first set forth above and shall be effective 
simultaneously.

6.  
The effective term shall be ten (10) years and may be extended by the 
written agreement among the Parties upon the expiration of this Agreement.

7.  
Any amendment and/or rescission shall be agreed by the Parties in writing.

       IN WITNESS WHEREOF each party hereto have caused this Proxy 
Agreement to be duly executed by itself or a duly authorized representative 
on its behalf as of the date first written above.


Zhengzhou Shentong Investment Consulting Co., Ltd.

By:/s/  Dongwei Zhang            
      Dongwei Zhang

Executive Director


Zhengzhou Shensheng Aluminum Foil Co., Ltd.

By:/s/ Congfu Li                        
      Congfu Li

Executive Director


Zhengzhou Aluminum Co., Ltd.

By:/s/ Congfu Li                        
      Congfu Li

Chairman of the Board
 

2
------------------------------------------------------------------------

