 EX-10.2 4 f8k110810ex10ii_chinaalumin.htm OPERATING AGREEMENT
 
Exhibit 10.2
 
 
 
OPERATING AGREEMENT

      This Operating Agreement (this “Agreement”) is dated August 12, 2010 
and is entered into among Zhengzhou Shentong Investment Consulting Co., Ltd
., a limited liability company organized under the laws of the People’s 
Republic of China (“Shentong Investment”), Zhengzhou Shensheng Aluminum 
Foil Co., Ltd., a limited liability company organized under the laws of the 
People’s Republic of China (“Shensheng Aluminum”) and Zhengzhou Aluminum 
Co., Ltd, the sole shareholder of Shensheng Aluminum (“Zhengzhou 
Aluminum”). Shentong Investment, Zhengzhou Aluminum and Shensheng Aluminum 
are referred to collectively in this Agreement as the “Parties.”
 
 
RECITALS

1.  
Shentong Investmeng has established a business relationship with Shensheng 
Aluminum by entering into the “Consultation Agreement” (hereinafter 
referred to as the “Consultation Agreement”);

2.  
Pursuant to the above-mentioned agreement between Shentong Investmeng and 
Shensheng Aluminum, Shensheng Aluminum shall pay certain consulting fees to 
Shentong Investmeng

3.  
The Parties are entering into this Agreement define and clarify the 
relationship between Shentong Investmeng and Shensheng Aluminum, relating 
to Shensheng Aluminum’s operations.

         NOW THEREFORE, all parties of this Agreement hereby mutually agree 
as follows;

1.  
Shentong Investmeng agrees, subject to the satisfaction of the relevant 
provisions by Shensheng Aluminum herein, as the guarantor for Shensheng 
Aluminum in the contracts, agreements or transactions in connection with 
Shensheng Aluminum’s operation between Shensheng Aluminum and any other 
third party, to provide full guarantee for the performance of such 
contracts, agreements or transactions by Shensheng Aluminum. Shensheng 
Aluminum agrees, as a counter-guarantee, to pledge all of its assets, 
including accounts receivable, to Shentong Investmeng According to the 
aforesaid guarantee. Shentong Investmeng  wishes to enter into written 
guarantee agreements with Shensheng Aluminum’s counter-parties thereof to 
assume liability as the guarantor when and if needed; therefore, Shensheng 
Aluminum, Zhengzhou Aluminum shall take all necessary actions (including 
but not limited to executing and delivering relevant documents and filing 
of relevant registrations) to carry out the arrangement of 
counter-guarantee to Shentong Investmeng

2.  
In consideration of the requirement of Article 1 herein and assuring the 
performance of the various operation agreements between Shentong Investmeng 
and Shensheng Aluminum and the payment of the payables accounts by 
Shensheng Aluminum to Shentong Investmeng, Shensheng Aluminum together with 
the Zhengzhou Aluminum hereby jointly agree that Shensheng Aluminum shall 
not conduct any transaction which may materially affects its assets, 
obligations, tight or the operations of Shensheng Aluminum (excluding the 
business contracts, agreements, sell or purchase assets during Shensheng 
Aluminum’s regular operation and the lien obtained by relevant counter 
parties due to such agreement) prior written consent of Shentong 
Investmeng, including but not limited to the following:
 
 
 
1
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 

 
2.1  
To borrow money from any third party or assume any debt;

2.2  
To sell, license, transfer, or acquire from or to any third party any asset 
or right, including but not limited to any intellectual property right;

2.3  
To provide any guarantees to any third parties using its assets or 
intellectual property rights;

2.4  
To assign to any third party of its business agreements.

3.  
In order to ensure the performance of the various operational agreements 
between Shentong Investmeng and Shensheng Aluminum and the payment of the 
various payables by Shensheng Aluminum to Shentong Investmeng, Shensheng 
Aluminum together with the Zhengzhou Aluminum hereby jointly agree to 
accept, from time to time, advice regarding corporate policy advise 
provided by Shentong Investmeng in connection with company’s daily 
operations, financial management and the employment and dismissal of the 
company’s employees.

4.  
Shensheng Aluminum together with the Zhengzhou Aluminum hereby jointly 
agree that the Shareholder shall appoint the person recommended by Shentong 
Investmeng as the directors of Shensheng Aluminum, and Shensheng Aluminum 
shall appoint Shentong Investmeng’s senior managers as Shensheng Aluminum’s 
General Manager, Chief Financial Officer, and other senior officers. If any 
of the above senior officers leaves or is dismissed by Shentong Investmeng, 
he or she will lose the qualification to take any position in Shensheng 
Aluminum and Shensheng Aluminum shall appoint other senior officers of 
Shentong Investmeng recommended by Shentong Investmeng to take such 
position. The person recommended by Shentong Investmeng in accordance with 
this Article herein should comply with the stipulation on the 
qualifications of directors, General Manager, Chief Financial Officer, and 
other senior officers pursuant to applicable law.

5.  
Shensheng Aluminum together with the Zhengzhou Aluminum hereby jointly 
agree and confirm that Shensheng Aluminum shall seek the guarantee from 
Shentong Investmeng first if it needs any guarantee for its performance of 
any contract or loan of flow capital in the course of operation. In such 
case, Shentong Investmeng shall have the right but not the obligation to 
provide the appropriate guarantee to Shensheng Aluminum on its own 
discretion. If Shentong Investmeng decides not to provide such guarantee, 
Shentong Investmeng shall issue a written notice to Shensheng Aluminum 
immediately and Shensheng Aluminum shall seek a guarantee from other third 
party.
 
 
 
2
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

 
6.  
In the event that any of the agreement between Shentong Investmeng and 
Shensheng Aluminum terminates or expires, Shentong Investmeng shall have 
the right but not the obligation to terminate all agreements between 
Shentong Investmeng and Shensheng Aluminum including but not limited to the 
Consultation Agreement.

7.  
Any amendment and supplement of this Agreement shall be made in writing. 
The amendment and supplement duly executed by all parties shall be deemed 
as a part of this Agreement and shall have the same legal affect as this 
Agreement.

8.  
If any clause hereof is judged as invalid or non-enforceable according to 
applicable laws, such clause shall be deemed invalid only with respect to 
the affected clause, and without affecting other clauses hereof in any way.

9.  
Shensheng Aluminum shall not assign its rights and obligations under this 
Agreement to any third party without the prior written consent of Shentong 
Investmeng Shensheng Aluminum hereby agrees that Shentong Investmeng may 
assign its rights and obligations under this Agreement at its discretion 
and such transfer shall only be subject to a written notice sent to 
Shensheng Aluminum by Shentong Investmeng, and no any further consent from 
Shensheng Aluminum will be required.

10.  
All parties acknowledge and confirm that any roal or written materials 
communicated pursuant to this Agreement are confidential documents. All 
parties shall keep secret of all such documents and not disclose any such 
documents to any third party without prior written consent (except the 
written consent of the Zhengzhou Aluminum shall not be required) from other 
parties except under the following conditions: (a) such documents are known 
or shall be known by the public (excluding the receiving party discloses 
such documents to the public without authorization); (b) any documents 
disclosed in accordance with applicable laws or rules or regulations of 
stock exchange; (c) any documents required to be disclosed by any party to 
its legal counsel or financial consultant for the purpose of the 
transaction of this Agreement by any party, and such legal counsel or 
financial consultant shall also comply with the confidentiality as stated 
hereof. Any disclosure by employees or agencies employed by any party shall 
be deemed the disclosure of such third party and such party shall assume 
the liabilities for its breach of contract pursuant to this Agreement. This 
Article shall survive termination of this Agreement.

11.  
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the 
laws of the PRC.

12.  
Any disputes arising from and related to this Agreement shall be settled by 
both parties through bona fide negotiations. If a dispute cannot be 
resolved through bona fide negotiations within ninety (90) days, parties 
hereby elect to have the United States District Court for the Southern 
District of New York to retain jurisdiction.

13.  
This Agreement shall be executed by a duly authorized representative of 
each party as of the date first written above and become effective 
simultaneously.
 
 
 
3
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

 
14.  
Notwithstanding Article 13 hereof, the parties confirm that this Agreement 
shall constitute the entire agreement of the Parties with respect to the 
subject matters therein and supersedes and replaces all prior or 
contemporaneous verbal and written agreement and understandings.

15.  
The term of this agreement is twenty (20) years unless early termination 
occurs in accordance with relevant provisions herein or in any other 
relevant agreement reached by all parties. This Agreement may be extended 
only upon Shentong Investmeng’s written confirmation prior to the 
expiration of this Agreement and the extended term shall be determined by 
the Parties hereto through mutual consultation During the aforesaid term, 
if Shentong Investmeng or Shensheng Aluminum is terminated at expiration of 
the operation term (including any extension of such term ) or by any other 
reason, this Agreement shall be terminated upon such termination of such 
party, unless such party has already assigned its rights and obligations in 
accordance with Article 9 hereof.

16.  
This agreement shall be terminated on the expiration date unless it is 
renewed in accordance with the relevant provision herein. During the valid 
term of this Agreement, Shensheng Aluminum shall not terminate this 
Agreement. Notwithstanding the above stipulation, Shentong Investmeng shall 
have the right to terminate this Agreement at any time by issuing a thirty 
(30) days prior written notice to Shensheng Aluminum.

17.  
This Agreement has been executed in duplicate originals, each Party has 
received one (1) duplicate original, and all originals shall be equally 
valid.

        IN WITNESS WHEREOF each party hereto has caused this Agreement duly 
executed by itself or a duly authorized representative on its behalf as of 
the date first written above.


Zhengzhou Shentong Investment Consulting Co., Ltd.

By:/s/ Dongwei Zhang                 
      Dongwei Zhang

Executive Director


Zhengzhou Shensheng Aluminum Foil Co., Ltd.

By:/s/ Congfu Li                           
      Congfu Li

Executive Director


Zhengzhou Aluminum Co., Ltd.

By:/s/ Congfu Li                            
      Congfu Li

Chairman of the Board
 
 

4
------------------------------------------------------------------------

