 EX-10.6.2 9 dex1062.htm AMENDMENT TO SERVICES AGREEMENT



 
Exhibit 10.6.2


Amendment 20071210.103.A.002


to Services Agreement


20071210.103.C


Between


Single Touch Interactive, Inc.


And


AT&T Services, Inc.

------------------------------------------------------------------------



 
20071210.103.A.002
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 

 2.0 Definitions

   	  	3 	  

   2.10 Information

   	  	3 	  

   2.13 Service(s)

   	  	4 	  

   2.17 Customer Information

   	  	4 	  

   2.18 Harmful Code

   	  	4 	  

   2.19 Special Terms and Conditions

   	  	4 	  

   2.20 Vulnerability

   	  	5 	  

 3.0 General Terms

   	  	5 	  

   3.11 Duration of Agreement

   	  	5 	  

   3.15 Government Contract Provisions

   	  	5 	  

   3.17 Information

   	  	6 	  

   3.18 Infringement

   	  	8 	  

   3.25 Notices

   	  	12 	  

   3.29 Publicity

   	  	13 	  

   3.31 Records and Audits

   	  	13 	  

   3.37 Warranty

   	  	15 	  

   3.38 Work Done By Others

   	  	16 	  

   3.39 Ethical Business Practice

   	  	17 	  

   3.40 Incidental Development

   	  	17 	  

   3.41 Labor Disputes

   	  	18 	  

   3.42 Offshore Work Prohibited

   	  	18 	  

   3.43 Taxes

   	  	18 	  

 4.0 Special Terms

   	  	20 	  

   4.2 Background Checks

   	  	20 	  
 
Proprietary and Confidential
This Agreement and information contained therein is not for use or 
disclosure outside of AT&T, its Affiliates, and third
party representatives, and Supplier except under written agreement by the 
contracting parties.


2

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 
Agreement 20071210.103.A.002


WHEREAS, Supplier and AT&T entered into Agreement No. 20071210.103.C on 
April 11, 2008 (the “Agreement”); and


WHEREAS, Supplier and AT&T desire to amend the Agreement as hereinafter set 
forth.


NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and the covenants 
hereinafter contained, the Parties hereto agree as follows:


1. Section 2.10, Information, shall be deleted and replaced
2. Section 2.13, Services, shall be deleted and replaced
3. Section 2.17, Customer Information, shall be added to agreement
4. Section 2.18, Harmful Code, shall be added to agreement
5. Section 2.19, Special Terms and Conditions, shall be added to agreement
6. Section 2.20, Vulnerability, shall be added to agreement
7. Section 3.11, Duration of Agreement, shall be deleted and replaced
8. Section 3.15, Government Contract Provisions, shall be deleted and 
replaced
9. Section 3.17, Information, shall be deleted and replaced
10. Section 3.18, Infringement, shall be deleted and replaced
11. Section 3.25, Notices, shall be deleted and replaced
12. Section 3.29, Publicity, shall be deleted and replaced
13. Section 3.31, Records and Audits, shall be deleted and replaced
14. Section 3.37, Warranty, shall be deleted and replaced
15. Section 3.38, Work Done by Others, shall be deleted and replaced
16. Section 3.39, Ethical Business Practice, shall be added to agreement
17. Section 3.40, Incidental Development, shall be added to agreement
18. Section 3.41, Labor Disputes, shall be added to agreement
19. Section 3.42, Offshore Work Prohibited, shall be added to agreement
20. Section 3.43, Taxes, shall be added to agreement
21. Section 4.2, Background Checks, shall be deleted and replaced


2.0 Definitions

1. Section 2.10, Information, shall be deleted and replaced as follows:


2.10 Information

“Information”, with respect to a Party, means all confidential, proprietary 
or trade secret information, including discoveries, ideas, concepts, 
know-how, techniques, processes, procedures, designs, specifications, 
strategic information, proposals, requests for proposals, proposed 
products, drawings, blueprints, tracings, diagrams, models, samples, flow 
charts, data, computer programs, marketing plans, Customer Information 
(including, Internet activities, history, and/or patterns of
 
Proprietary and Confidential
This Agreement and information contained therein is not for use or 
disclosure outside of AT&T, its Affiliates, and third
party representatives, and Supplier except under written agreement by the 
contracting parties.


3

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Agreement 20071210.103.A.002
 
use), employee personal information, health or financial information, 
authentication credentials, and other technical, financial or business 
information, whether disclosed in writing, orally, visually, in tangible or 
intangible form, including in electronic mail or by other electronic 
communication.


2. Section 2.13, Services, shall be deleted and replaced as follows:


2.13 Service(s)

“Services” means installation and removal services, maintenance, training, 
technical support, repair, training and on site support ancillary to the 
acquisition of Material as set forth in this Agreement or any Order. For 
greater certainty, Services excludes consulting and professional services 
whereby enhancements, modifications or any development activities would 
occur. Any such consulting and professional services shall be subject to 
further written agreements of the parties.


3. Section 2.17, Customer Information, shall be added to agreement as 
follows:


2.17 Customer Information

“Customer Information” includes, but is not limited to, customer name, 
address, phone number, any customer or employee personal information, 
credit card and credit related information, health or financial 
information, authentication credentials, information concerning a 
customer’s calling patterns, unlisted customer numbers, any other 
information associated with a customer or with persons in the household of 
a customer, and any information available to AT&T and/or its suppliers by 
virtue of AT&T’s relationship with its customers as a provider of 
telecommunications, Internet, information or other services, including, but 
not limited to, the quantity, technical configuration, location, type, 
destination, amount of use of telecommunications or other services 
subscribed to, and information contained on the telephone bills of AT&T’s 
customers pertaining to telephone exchange service, telephone toll service 
or other services received by a customer of AT&T.


4. Section 2.18, Harmful Code, shall be added to agreement as follows:


2.18 Harmful Code

“Harmful Code” means computer viruses, worms, trap doors, time bombs, 
undocumented passwords, disabling code (which renders Material unusable 
until a patch or new password is provided), or any similar mechanism or 
device. Notwithstanding the above, enabling keys which are provided by 
Supplier to ensure conformance to product licensing restrictions shall be 
permitted, however, these enabling keys may not interfere with the proper 
use of the Material at any time after initial installation.


5. Section 2.19, Special Terms and Conditions, shall be added to agreement 
as follows:


2.19 Special Terms and Conditions

“Special Terms and Conditions” means written terms and conditions that are 
(a) different from or additional to the terms and conditions set forth in 
this Agreement, (b) specially negotiated by the Parties in reference to an 
Order, (c) expressed in an Order or incorporated by reference to a document 
attached to an Order, such as a scope of work or statement of work, and (d) 
executed by both Parties.
 
Proprietary and Confidential
This Agreement and information contained therein is not for use or 
disclosure outside of AT&T, its Affiliates, and third
party representatives, and Supplier except under written agreement by the 
contracting parties.


4

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Agreement 20071210.103.A.002
 


 
6. Section 2.20, Vulnerability, shall be added to agreement as follows:


2.20 Vulnerability

“Vulnerability” means a condition in the instructions of the Software, 
whether consistent with its Specifications or not, that renders the 
computer on which the Software is operating susceptible to unauthorized 
access and use.


3.0 General Terms

7. Section 3.11, Duration of Agreement, shall be deleted and replaced as 
follows:


3.11 Duration of Agreement
 
  	a. 	This Agreement will continue in effect for a term expiring April 9, 
2014, unless it is Cancelled or Terminated before that date. The Parties 
may extend the term of this Agreement beyond that date by mutual written 
agreement.
 
  	b. 	Any Order in effect on the date when this Agreement expires or is 
Terminated or Cancelled will continue in effect until such Order either (i) 
expires by its own terms or (ii) is separately Terminated or Cancelled, 
prior to its own expiration, as provided in this Agreement. The terms and 
conditions of this Agreement shall continue to apply to such Order as if 
this Agreement were still in effect.


8. Section 3.15, Government Contract Provisions, shall be deleted and 
replaced as follows:


3.15 Government Contract Provisions
 
a. 	To the extent that Supplier’s performance is subject to certain 
executive orders (including E.O. 11246 and E.O. 13201) and statutes 
(including Section 503 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, as amended; the 
Vietnam Era Veteran’s Readjustment Assistance Act of 1974; Section 8116 of 
the Defense Appropriations Act for Fiscal Year 2010 (Pub. L. 111-118); and 
the Jobs for Veterans Act) pertaining to government contractors, Supplier 
shall:
 
  	1. 	comply with such executive orders and statutes, and their 
implementing regulations, as amended from time to time; and
 
  	2. 	fulfill the obligations of a contractor under the clauses 
incorporated by this Section.
 
b. 	This Section incorporates the following clauses:
 
  	1. 	“Affirmative Action For Workers With Disabilities” (at 48 CFR 
§52.222-36);
 
  	2. 	“Employment Reports On Special Disabled Veterans, Veterans Of The 
Vietnam Era, and Other Eligible Veterans” (at 48 CFR §52.222-37);
 
  	3. 	“Equal Employment Opportunity” (at 48 CFR §52.222-26);
 
Proprietary and Confidential
This Agreement and information contained therein is not for use or 
disclosure outside of AT&T, its Affiliates, and third
party representatives, and Supplier except under written agreement by the 
contracting parties.


5

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Agreement 20071210.103.A.002
 

 
  	4. 	“Equal Employment Opportunity Clause” (at 41 CFR §60-1.4(a));
 
  	5. 	“Equal Opportunity For Special Disabled Veterans And Veterans of the 
Vietnam Era” (at 41 CFR §60-250.5);
 
  	6. 	“Equal Opportunity for Disabled Veterans, Recently Separated 
Veterans, Other Protected Veterans, and Armed Forces Service Medal 
Veterans” (at 41 CFR Sec. 60-300.5);
 
  	7. 	“Equal Opportunity For Workers With Disabilities” (at 41 CFR 
§60-741.5);
 
  	8. 	“Notice Of Employee Rights Concerning Payment Of Union Dues Or Fees” 
(at 29 CFR § 470.2);
 
  	9. 	“Notification Of Employee Rights Concerning Payment Of Union Dues Or 
Fees” (at 48 CFR §52.222-39);
 
  	10. 	“Prohibition of Segregated Facilities” (at 48 CFR §52.222-21);
 
  	11. 	“Small Business Subcontracting Plan” (at 48 CFR §52.219-9);
 
  	12. 	“Utilization Of Small Business Concerns” (at 48 CFR §52.219-8);
 
  	13. 	“Whistleblower Protections Under the American Recovery and 
Reinvestment Act of 2009”) (FAR 52.203-15;
 
  	14. 	“American Recovery and Reinvestment Act - Reporting Requirements” 
(FAR 52.204-11);
 
  	15. 	“GAO/IG Access” (FAR 52.212-5(d) (Alt. II), FAR 52.214-26(c) (Alt. 
I), FAR 52.215-2(d) (Alt. I));
 
  	16. 	“Davis-Bacon Act” (FAR 52.222-6);
 
  	17. 	“Buy American Act” (FAR 52.225-21, FAR 52.225-22, FAR 52.225-23, & 
FAR 52.225-24)
 
  	18. 	“Whistleblower Protections” (Pub. L. No. 111-5, Section 1553);
 
  	19. 	“Award term—Reporting and registration requirements under section 
1512 of the Recovery Act” (2 CFR 176.50);
 
  	20. 	“GAO/IG Access” (Pub. L. No. 111-5, Section 902, 1514 and 1515);
 
  	21. 	“Award term—Wage Rate Requirements under Section 1606 of the 
Recovery Act” (2 CFR 176.190); and
 
  	22. 	Buy American Requirements (2 CFR 176.140, 2 CFR 176.150, 2 CFR 
176.160, & 2 CFR 176.170).
 
c. 	If an Order includes a statement that performance is intended for a 
government contract and incorporates additional government contracting 
provisions, Supplier shall also fulfill the obligations of a contractor or 
offeror under those additional provisions.


9. Section 3.17, Information, shall be deleted and replaced as follows:


3.17 Information
 
a. 	

In connection with this Agreement, including Supplier’s performance of its 
obligations hereunder and AT&T’s receipt of Material and Services, either 
Party may find it beneficial to disclose to the other Party (which may 
include permitting or enabling the other Party’s access to) certain of its 
Information. For the purpose of this clause, AT&T’s disclosure of 
Information to Supplier includes any Information that Supplier receives, 
observes, collects, handles, stores, or accesses, in

 
Proprietary and Confidential
This Agreement and information contained therein is not for use or 
disclosure outside of AT&T, its Affiliates, and third
party representatives, and Supplier except under written agreement by the 
contracting parties.


6

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Agreement 20071210.103.A.002
 
  	

any way, in connection with this Agreement. Likewise, Supplier’s disclosure 
of Information to AT&T includes any Information that AT&T receives, 
observes, collects, handles, stores, or accesses, in any way, in connection 
with this Agreement. Information of a disclosing Party shall be deemed to 
be confidential or proprietary only if it is clearly marked or otherwise 
identified by the disclosing Party as being confidential or proprietary, 
provided that if it is orally or visually disclosed (including Information 
conveyed to an answering machine, voice mail box or similar medium), the 
disclosing Party shall designate it as confidential or proprietary at the 
time of such disclosure. Not withstanding the foregoing, a disclosing Party 
shall not have any such obligation to so mark or identify, or to so 
designate, Information that the disclosing Party discloses to or is 
otherwise obtained by the other Party’s employees, contractors, or 
representatives (i) who are located on the disclosing Party’s premises; 
(ii) who access the disclosing Party’s systems; or (iii) who otherwise 
obtain AT&T and/or AT&T Customer Information in connection with this 
Agreement, any such Information so disclosed shall automatically be deemed 
to be confidential and proprietary. Additionally, the failure to mark or 
designate information as being confidential or proprietary will not waive 
the confidentiality where it is reasonably obvious, under the circumstances 
surrounding disclosure, that the Information is confidential or 
proprietary; any such Information so disclosed or obtained shall 
automatically be deemed to be confidential and proprietary. For greater 
certainty, Information provided by either Party to the other Party prior to 
the Effective Date of this Agreement in connection with the subject matter 
hereof, including any such Information provided under a separate 
non-disclosure agreement (howsoever denominated) is also subject to the 
terms of this Agreement. Neither Party shall disclose Information under 
this Agreement that includes, in any form, any of the following: customer 
or employee personal information, credit card and credit related 
information, financial information, and/or authentication credentials.

 
b. 	With respect to the Information of the disclosing Party, the receiving 
Party shall:


1. hold all such Information in confidence with the same degree of care 
with which it protects its own confidential or proprietary Information, but 
with no less than reasonably prudent care;


2. restrict disclosure of such Information solely to its employees, 
contractors, and agents with a need to know such Information, advise such 
persons of their confidentiality obligations hereunder with respect 
thereto, and ensure that such persons are bound by obligations of 
confidentiality reasonably comparable to those imposed in this Agreement;


3. use such Information only as needed to perform its obligations (and, if 
AT&T is the receiving Party, to receive the benefits of the Material and 
Services provided) under this Agreement;


4. except as necessary under clause (3), not copy, distribute, or otherwise 
use any such Information or allow anyone else to copy, distribute, or 
otherwise use such Information; and ensure that any and all copies bear the 
same notices or legends, if any, as the originals; and


5. upon the disclosing Party’s request, promptly return, or destroy all or 
any requested portion of the Information, including tangible and electronic 
copies, notes, summaries, extracts, mail or other communications, and 
provide written certification within fifteen (15) business days to the 
disclosing Party that such Information has been returned or destroyed, 
provided that with respect to archival or back-up copies of Information 
that reside on the receiving Party’s systems, the receiving Party shall be 
deemed to have complied with its obligations under this clause (5) if it 
makes reasonable efforts to expunge from such systems, or to permanently 
render irretrievable, such copies.
 
Proprietary and Confidential
This Agreement and information contained therein is not for use or 
disclosure outside of AT&T, its Affiliates, and third
party representatives, and Supplier except under written agreement by the 
contracting parties.


7

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Agreement 20071210.103.A.002
 

 
c. 	Neither Party shall have any obligation to the other Party with respect 
to Information which:


1. at the time of disclosure was already known to the receiving Party free 
of any obligation to keep it confidential (as evidenced by the receiving 
Party’s written records prepared prior to such disclosure);


2. is or becomes publicly known through no wrongful act of the receiving 
Party (such obligations ceasing at the time such Information becomes 
publicly known);


3. is lawfully received from a third party, free of any obligation to keep 
it confidential;


4. is independently developed by the receiving Party or a third party, as 
evidenced by the receiving Party’s written records, and wherein such 
development occurred without any direct or indirect use of or access to the 
Information received from the disclosing Party, or


5. the disclosing Party consents in writing to be free of restriction.
 
d. 	If a receiving Party is required to provide Information of a disclosing 
Party to any court or government agency pursuant to a written court order, 
subpoena, regulatory demand, or process of law, the receiving Party must, 
unless prohibited by applicable law, first provide the disclosing Party 
with prompt written notice of such requirement and reasonable cooperation 
to the disclosing Party should it seek reasonable protective arrangements 
for the production of such Information. The receiving Party will (i) take 
reasonable steps to limit any such provision of Information to the specific 
Information required by such court or agency, and (ii) continue to 
otherwise protect all Information disclosed in response to such order, 
subpoena, regulation, or process of law.
 
e. 	A receiving Party’s obligations with respect to any particular 
Information of a disclosing Party shall remain in effect, including after 
the expiration, Termination or Cancellation of this Agreement, until such 
time as it qualifies under one of the exceptions set forth in clause (3) 
above.


10. Section 3.18, Infringement, shall be deleted and replaced as follows:


3.18 Infringement
 
a. 	Definitions. For purposes of this section:
 
  	i. 	“Indemnified Parties” shall mean AT&T and its Affiliates, as well as 
their agents, distributors and customers, individually or collectively, as 
the case may be.
 
  	ii. 	

“Loss” shall mean any liability, loss, claim, demand, suit, cause of 
action, settlement payment, cost and expense, interest, award, judgment, 
damages (including punitive damages and increased damages for willful 
infringement), diminution in value, liens, fines, fees, penalties, and 
Litigation Expense. “Litigation Expense” means any court filing fee, court 
cost, arbitration fee, and each other fee and cost of investigating or

 
Proprietary and Confidential
This Agreement and information contained therein is not for use or 
disclosure outside of AT&T, its Affiliates, and third
party representatives, and Supplier except under written agreement by the 
contracting parties.


8

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Agreement 20071210.103.A.002
 
  	

defending an indemnified claim or asserting any claim for indemnification 
or defense under this Agreement, including Attorney’s Fees, other 
professionals’ fees, and disbursements. “Attorney’s Fees” include a charge 
for the expenses and time of in-house counsel at the market rate for 
attorneys in private practice who have similar experience.

 
  	iii. 	For avoidance of doubt, the term “Materials and Services” shall 
include any portion or functionality of any Material(s) or Service(s).
 
b. 	Obligations.
 
  	i. 	Supplier shall indemnify, hold harmless, and defend the Indemnified 
Parties against any Loss resulting from, arising out of or relating to any 
allegation, threat, demand, claim or lawsuit (“Claim”) of:
 
  	1. 	infringement of any patent, copyright, trade mark, service mark, 
trade secret, or other intellectual property right (including, for 
avoidance of doubt, direct, contributory and active inducement 
infringement) in connection with the Materials or Services, including, for 
example, any Claim of infringement based on:
 
  	a. 	making, repair, receipt, use, importing, sale or disposal (and 
offers to do any of the foregoing) of Materials and Services, or
 
  	b. 	use of Materials and Services in combination with products, systems, 
services, processes or methods not furnished by Supplier, including, for 
example, use in the form of the making or using of an apparatus or system, 
or the making or practicing of a process or method (a “Combination Claim”).
 
  	2. 	misappropriation of any trade secret, proprietary or non-public 
information in connection with the Materials and Services;

(any such Loss referenced in sections 1 or 2 of this paragraph b.i, a 
“Covered Loss” regardless of whether such Claim is meritorious).
 
  	ii. 	In the event (and only in the event) that Supplier’s obligations 
under paragraph b.i result from, arise out of, or relate to a Combination 
Claim, the following provisions shall apply:
 
  	1. 	Supplier shall be liable to pay only its Proportionate Share of the 
Covered Loss associated with such Combination Claim. The “Proportionate 
Share” payable by Supplier shall be a portion of the Covered Loss 
determined on a fair and equitable basis to be attributable to Supplier 
based on the materiality of the applicable Materials and Services to the 
Combination Claim.
 
  	2. 	Supplier shall be liable to the Indemnified Parties (or to a third 
party claimant directly, if applicable) for its duly determined 
Proportionate Share of the Covered Loss with respect to a particular 
Combination Claim, regardless of whether any other interested party 
compensates the Indemnified Parties as part of an indemnification 
obligation, if any, relating to the Combination Claim.
 
Proprietary and Confidential
This Agreement and information contained therein is not for use or 
disclosure outside of AT&T, its Affiliates, and third
party representatives, and Supplier except under written agreement by the 
contracting parties.


9

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Agreement 20071210.103.A.002
 

 
  	3. 	Supplier shall make payments in satisfaction of its Proportionate 
Share obligation (“Proportionate Share Payments”) whenever those 
Proportionate Share Payments become due (for example, Supplier shall make 
Proportionate Share Payments for indemnified defense costs when payment is 
due to be paid to outside counsel; and Supplier will make Proportionate 
Share Payments for court awards (such as damages) when payment is required 
by the court; and Supplier will make Proportionate Share Payments for 
settlement when payment is due to be paid according to the terms of a 
settlement agreement). Supplier shall be liable to the Indemnified Parties 
for any monies owed (such as a Proportionate Share) by any of Supplier’s 
affiliates should such affiliates fail to pay in accordance with its 
indemnification obligation to the Indemnified Parties.
 
  	4. 	The Indemnified Parties shall select a single lead counsel to defend 
such Combination Claim and Supplier agrees to share authority and control 
over the defense of any such Combination Claim with the Indemnified Parties 
and other interested parties.
 
  	iii. 	In the event (and only in the event) that Supplier’s obligations 
under paragraph b.i result from, arise out of, or relate to other than a 
Combination Claim, and the Claim against the Indemnified Parties concerns 
products or services (including the Materials or Services) provided by more 
than one Supplier, the following provisions shall apply:
 
  	1. 	Supplier agrees that it will cooperate reasonably with the 
Indemnified Parties and other Suppliers who have provided products or 
services to the Indemnified Parties, each of which products or services is 
also subject to the Claim (“Other Suppliers”) in order to defend the 
Indemnified Parties in a coordinated effort.
 
  	2. 	AT&T shall select a single lead counsel to defend such Claim and 
Supplier agrees to share authority and control over the defense of any such 
Claim with the Indemnified Parties and Other Suppliers.
 
  	3. 	Supplier shall be liable to pay only its Associated Share of the 
Loss which is equal to the Loss multiplied by a fraction equal to the net 
amount paid by the Indemnified Parties to Supplier for the applicable 
Material and Services divided by the total aggregate net amount paid by the 
Indemnified Parties to all Suppliers for products or services that are 
involved in the Claim.
 
  	4. 	Supplier shall make payments in satisfaction of its Associated Share 
obligation (“Associated Share Payments”) whenever those Associated Share 
Payments become due (for example, Supplier shall make Associated Share 
Payments for indemnified defense costs when payment is due to be paid to 
outside counsel; and Supplier will make Associated Share Payments for court 
awards (such as damages) when payment is required by the court; and 
Supplier will make Associated Share Payments for settlement when payment is 
due to be paid according to the terms of a settlement agreement). Supplier 
shall be liable to the Indemnified Parties for any monies owed (such as an 
Associated Share) by any of Supplier’s affiliates should such affiliates 
fail to pay in accordance with its indemnification obligation to the 
Indemnified Parties.
 
Proprietary and Confidential
This Agreement and information contained therein is not for use or 
disclosure outside of AT&T, its Affiliates, and third
party representatives, and Supplier except under written agreement by the 
contracting parties.


10

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Agreement 20071210.103.A.002
 

 
c. 	Continued Use of Materials and Services Subject to Non-Combination 
Claims.
 
  	i. 	If, as a result of a third party claim other than an Combination 
Claim, (i) Indemnified Parties’ rights under this Agreement are restricted 
or diminished; or (ii) an injunction is sought or is likely (in Supplier’s 
judgment) to be issued against the Indemnified Parties’ use of Materials 
and Services, or (iii) Material or Services are likely (in Supplier’s 
judgment) to become the subject of a claim of infringement, then, in 
addition to its other obligations set forth in this Section, Supplier, in 
any case at its sole expense and at no loss, cost or damage to the 
Indemnified Parties or their customers, shall obtain for the Indemnified 
Parties the right to continue using or conducting other activities with 
respect to (as the case may be) the Materials or Services; provided that if 
Supplier is unable to obtain such right, Supplier shall, after consulting 
with and obtaining the written approval of the Indemnified Parties, provide 
modified or replacement non-infringing Materials or Services that are 
equally suitable and functionally equivalent while retaining the quality of 
the original Materials or Services.
 
  	ii. 	Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement to the 
contrary, should an injunction be issued against any person (whether or not 
stayed or currently in effect), based on a claim other than a Combination 
Claim, affecting Indemnified Parties’ ability to use or conduct other 
activities with respect to the Materials and Services, then the Indemnified 
Parties may seek the right to continue to use, or conduct other activities 
with respect to, the Materials and Services, and Supplier shall reimburse 
the Indemnified Parties for the costs (including reasonable attorney’s 
fees) associated with obtaining such right; provided however that Supplier 
shall be responsible for costs associated with use or activities with 
respect to the Materials and Services only and not any other products or 
services used by the Indemnified Parties.
 
d. 	Elimination of Charges. AT&T has no obligation to pay Supplier any 
charges under this Agreement for the purchase, use, or maintenance of 
Materials or Services after such time as the Indemnified Parties cease to 
use them, by reason of actual or claimed infringement.
 
e. 	Procedures Relating to Indemnification. The Parties shall follow the 
procedures respecting indemnification provided in the Section entitled 
“Indemnity”. In the event of any conflict between this Section 3.18 and the 
Section entitled “Indemnity”, the provisions of this Section 3.18 shall 
prevail.
 
f. 	Forbidden Settlements. In no event shall Supplier settle any 
Combination Claim or other Claim in whole or in part in a manner that would 
amount to Supplier paying less than its determined Proportionate Share or 
Associated Share, or that would otherwise negatively impact AT&T in a 
material way (relative to a similar settlement by any other participating 
parties).
 
Proprietary and Confidential
This Agreement and information contained therein is not for use or 
disclosure outside of AT&T, its Affiliates, and third
party representatives, and Supplier except under written agreement by the 
contracting parties.


11

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Agreement 20071210.103.A.002
 


 
11. Section 3.25 Notices, Publicity, shall be deleted and replaced as 
follows:


3.25 Notices
 
a. 	Each Party giving or making any notice, consent, request, demand, or 
other communication (each, a “Notice”) pursuant to this Agreement must give 
the Notice in writing and use one of the following methods, each of which 
for purposes of this Agreement is a writing: in person; first class mail 
with postage prepaid; Express Mail, Registered Mail, or Certified Mail (in 
each case, return receipt requested and postage prepaid); internationally 
recognized overnight courier (with all fees prepaid); facsimile; or email. 
If Notice is given by e-mail, it must be confirmed by a copy sent by any 
one of the other methods. Each Party giving Notice shall address the Notice 
to the appropriate person (the “Addressee”) at the receiving Party at the 
address listed below:

Single Touch Interactive, Inc.

Single Touch Interactive, Inc.
2235 Encinitas Blvd. Suite 210
Encinitas, California 92024
Attn: James Darcey
Email Address: james@singletouch.net
Business Number: 760-438-0100
Fax Number: 760-438-1171

AT&T Services, Inc.

AT&T
1010 Pine Street, Room 1-E-108
St. Louis, Missouri 63101
Attn: Anthony Cohen
Email Address: anthony.m.cohen@att.com
Business Number: 314-923-0263
Fax Number: 314-234-6801
 
b. 	A Notice is effective only if the Party giving notice has complied with 
the foregoing requirements of this Section and the Addressee has received 
the notice. A Notice is deemed to have been received as follows:
 
  	1. 	If a Notice is delivered by first class mail, five (5) days after 
deposit in the mail;
 
  	2. 	If a Notice is furnished in person, or sent by Express Mail, 
Registered Mail, or Certified Mail, or internationally recognized overnight 
courier, upon receipt as indicated by the date on the signed receipt;
 
Proprietary and Confidential
This Agreement and information contained therein is not for use or 
disclosure outside of AT&T, its Affiliates, and third
party representatives, and Supplier except under written agreement by the 
contracting parties.


12

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Agreement 20071210.103.A.002
 

 
  	3. 	If a Notice is sent by facsimile, upon receipt, by the Party giving 
or making the Notice, of an acknowledgment or transmission report generated 
by the machine from which the facsimile was sent, indicating that the 
facsimile was sent in its entirety to the Addressee’s facsimile number; and
 
  	4. 	If a Notice is sent by e-mail, upon successful transmission to the 
receiving machine, if such Notice is sent in time to allow it to be 
accessible by the Addressee before the time allowed for giving such notice 
expires, and a confirmation copy is sent by one of the other methods.
 
c. 	The addresses and facsimile and telephone numbers to which notices or 
communications may be given to the Addressees of either Party may be 
changed by written notice given by such Party to the other pursuant to this 
Section.

12. Section 3.29, Publicity, shall be deleted and replaced as follows:


3.29 Publicity

Supplier shall not use AT&T’s or its Affiliates’ names, trademarks, service 
marks, designs, logos or symbols (“AT&T Marks”). In addition, Supplier 
shall not use any language or pictures which could in AT&T’s judgment imply 
AT&T’s or its Affiliates’ identities, or endorsement by AT&T, its 
Affiliates or any of its or their employees, in any (i) written, 
electronic, or oral advertising or presentation, or sales meeting, or (ii) 
brochure, newsletter, book, electronic database, testimonial quotation, 
thank you letter, reference letter or other communication of whatever 
nature.


13. Section 3.31, Records and Audits, shall be deleted and replaced as 
follows:


3.31 Records and Audits
 
a. 	Supplier shall maintain complete and accurate records, in order for 
AT&T to verify via AT&T Audits:
 
  	1. 	the accuracy and integrity of its invoices and AT&T’s payment 
obligations hereunder;
 
  	2. 	that the Work charged for was actually performed;
 
  	3. 	that the Services have been and are being provided in accordance 
with this Agreement;
 
  	4. 	the integrity of the systems that process, store, support, maintain, 
and transmit AT&T data;
 
  	5. 	the performance of its Subcontractors and agents with respect to any 
portion of the Services; and
 
  	6. 	that Supplier and its Subcontractors and agents are meeting 
applicable regulatory and legal requirements. For purposes of this Section, 
“Subcontractors” shall include Subcontractors regardless of their tier.
 
Proprietary and Confidential
This Agreement and information contained therein is not for use or 
disclosure outside of AT&T, its Affiliates, and third
party representatives, and Supplier except under written agreement by the 
contracting parties.


13

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Agreement 20071210.103.A.002
 


 
b. 	Supplier shall provide and shall require that its Subcontractors and 
agents provide to AT&T, its auditors (including internal audit staff and 
external auditors), and governmental authorities, access at all reasonable 
times to:
 
  	1. 	any facility at which the Services or any portion thereof are being 
performed;
 
  	2. 	systems and assets used to provide the Services or any portion 
thereof;
 
  	3. 	Supplier employees and Subcontractor and agent employees providing 
the Services or any portion thereof;
 
  	4. 	all Supplier and Subcontractor records pertaining to the Services; 
and
 
  	5. 	such financial records relating to the invoices and payment 
obligations and supporting documentation pertaining to the Services as may 
be reasonably requested by AT&T and its auditors to enable them to audit 
the performance of the Services and other matters relevant to this 
Agreement (collectively, “AT&T Audits”). Any external auditors utilized by 
AT&T for AT&T Audits shall be nationally recognized auditing firms under 
confidentiality obligations consistent with those stated in this Agreement.


The scope of AT&T Audits shall also include:
 
  	1. 	practices and procedures used in performing the Services;
 
  	2. 	systems, communications and information technology used in 
performing the Services;
 
  	3. 	general controls and security practices and procedures;
 
  	4. 	supporting information and calculations regarding invoices and 
compliance with service requirements;
 
  	5. 	quality initiatives and quality assurance; and
 
  	6. 	compliance with the terms of this Agreement.
 
c. 	Permit AT&T and its authorized representatives (with confidentiality 
agreements in place with AT&T) to inspect and audit Supplier’s records 
related to the Material and Services, with ten (10) days notice. Should 
AT&T request an audit, Supplier shall make available upon reasonable 
advance notice any pertinent records and files to AT&T and its authorized 
representative during normal business hours at no additional charge within 
no more than five (5) business days.
 
d. 	AT&T Audits may be conducted once a year (or more frequently if 
requested by governmental authorities who regulate AT&T’s business, if 
required by applicable law or if auditors require follow-up access to 
complete audit inquiries or if an audit uncovers any problems or 
deficiencies), upon at least two (2) business days advance notice (unless 
otherwise mandated by law). Supplier will cooperate, and will ensure that 
its Subcontractors and agents cooperate, in the AT&T Audits, will make the 
information reasonably required to conduct the AT&T Audits available on a 
timely basis.
 
e. 	

If, as a result of an AT&T Audit, AT&T determines that Supplier overcharged 
AT&T, then AT&T will notify Supplier of the amount of such overcharge and 
Supplier will promptly pay to AT&T the amount of any undisputed overcharge 
along with interest from the date of the overcharge. If Supplier disputes 
the findings of the AT&T Audit, Supplier shall provide AT&T

 
Proprietary and Confidential
This Agreement and information contained therein is not for use or 
disclosure outside of AT&T, its Affiliates, and third
party representatives, and Supplier except under written agreement by the 
contracting parties.


14

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Agreement 20071210.103.A.002
 
  	

with written notice of such dispute within five (5) business days of 
receipt of the AT&T Audit. The Parties agree to negotiate in good faith to 
resolve any such dispute. If any such AT&T Audit reveals an undisputed 
overcharge to AT&T during any 12-month period exceeding five percent (5%) 
of all charges in the aggregate paid by AT&T hereunder during such period, 
then Supplier will reimburse AT&T for the cost of such AT&T Audit. If, as a 
result of an AT&T Audit and following the dispute resolution process set 
forth above, AT&T determines that Supplier has not performed or has 
unsatisfactorily performed any obligation under this Agreement, then 
Supplier will promptly remedy the non-performance or unsatisfactory 
performance.

 
f. 	Supplier will maintain and retain the records set forth in Subsection 
(a) during the term of the Agreement and for three (3) years thereafter 
(unless a discovery or legal hold request is made with respect to such 
records, in which case Supplier shall retain such records until AT&T 
notifies Supplier that such discovery or legal hold request has expired). 
Supplier will provide AT&T, at AT&T’s request, with copies of documents and 
information (in the format in which they are maintained by Supplier) 
reasonably necessary to verify Supplier’s compliance with this Agreement. 
Upon notification by AT&T of a discovery or legal hold request, Supplier 
shall fully cooperate with such request and immediately preserve any 
Supplier records covered by such request and promptly provide such Supplier 
records requested by AT&T related to the inquiry.
 
g. 	Except as provided in Subsection (d), all reasonable out-of-pocket 
costs and expenses incurred by AT&T in connection with an AT&T Audit shall 
be paid by AT&T. Supplier shall be solely responsible for all costs and 
expenses incurred by Supplier in connection with its obligations under this 
Section.
 
h. 	Supplier shall contractually require all Subcontractors and agents who 
perform any part of the Services to comply with the applicable provisions 
of this Section.


14. Section 3.37, Warranty, shall be deleted and replaced as follows:


3.37 Warranty
 
a. 	Supplier warrants (i) that Material furnished hereunder will be new; 
merchantable; free from defects in design, material and workmanship; fit 
and sufficient for the purposes intended by AT&T; free from all security 
interests, liens and encumbrances; (ii) that Supplier conveys good title to 
Material sold, and that transfer of title to AT&T is rightful title, and 
(iii) that Material furnished hereunder shall strictly conform to and 
perform in accordance with applicable Specifications, drawings, models and 
samples. In addition, if Material comes subject to one or more warranties 
provided by third party manufacturers or vendors to Supplier (“OEM 
warranties”), Supplier hereby assigns, and does assign such OEM warranties 
to AT&T to the full extent allowed by such OEM warranties.
 
b. 	Supplier warrants that Services provided hereunder will be performed in 
a first-class, professional manner, in strict compliance with the 
Specifications, and with the care, skill and diligence, and in accordance 
with the applicable standards, currently recognized in Supplier’s 
profession or industry.
 
Proprietary and Confidential
This Agreement and information contained therein is not for use or 
disclosure outside of AT&T, its Affiliates, and third
party representatives, and Supplier except under written agreement by the 
contracting parties.


15

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Agreement 20071210.103.A.002
 

 
c. 	Supplier warrants that neither the Material nor the Services will 
infringe any patent, copyright, trademark, trade secret or other 
intellectual property right. The foregoing warranties are in addition to 
all other warranties, express, implied, or statutory. Moreover, as of the 
Effective Date, no third party claim has been alleged against Supplier that 
the Material or Services provided hereunder infringes upon such third 
party’s intellectual property rights.
 
d. 	Supplier warrants that Supplier has all necessary skills, rights, 
financial resources, and authority to enter into this Agreement and related 
Orders, including the authority to provide or license the Material or 
Services if Supplier does not solely own all intellectual property rights 
in such Material or Services.
 
e. 	Supplier warrants that no open source, freeware, shareware or similar 
software is included in any Material.
 
f. 	If the Parties have identified a System on which Software will operate, 
Supplier warrants that Software will perform on and be compatible with such 
System and operate satisfactorily in the System environment specified in 
the applicable Order. “System” means the Hardware, operating system and 
application Software, interfaces, and databases that interact with such 
Software.
 
g. 	Supplier warrants that all Material provided to AT&T hereunder shall be 
tested prior to Delivery to ensure that all Material is in strict 
compliance with the Specifications, and that Material will not contain 
Harmful Code or Vulnerabilities at any time. Testing will include complete 
regression and interaction testing and load, unit and integration testing 
when applicable.
 
h. 	All warranties will survive inspection, Acceptance, payment and use. 
The warranty period for Material and Services shall be the longer of the 
warranty period stated in the Order, the Specifications, the applicable 
OEM’s warranty, or one (1) year. The warranty period in all cases shall 
commence upon Acceptance by AT&T.
 
i. 	If at any time during the warranty period for Material or Services AT&T 
believes there is a breach of any warranty, AT&T will notify Supplier 
setting forth the nature of such claimed breach. At AT&T’s option, Supplier 
shall either (i) repair or replace the Material or reperform the Services 
so as to correct the breach of warranty at no cost to AT&T, (ii) accept the 
return of the Material and provide AT&T with a full refund for the 
defective Materials or Services; or (iii) credit AT&T with a mutually 
agreeable reduction in the Price of the defective Materials and Services. 
Supplier shall bear all transportation costs and risk of loss and damage in 
transit with respect to all Materials returned for repair, replacement, or 
refund, and with respect to all repaired or replacement Materials provided 
to AT&T, and all repaired and replacement Materials are warranted as 
provided in this Section. If AT&T elects to have Supplier repair or replace 
the Material or reperform the Services so as to correct the breach of 
warranty, and Supplier fails to do so, then, in addition to its other 
remedies under the law, this Agreement or an Order, AT&T may itself repair 
the Material or correct the Services, or engage a third party to do so, in 
either case at Supplier’s expense.


15. Section 3.38, Work Done by Others, shall be deleted and replaced as 
follows:


3.38 Work Done By Others

If any part of Supplier’s work is dependent upon work performed by others 
or subcontracted consistent with the terms herein, Supplier shall inspect 
and promptly report to AT&T any defect that renders such other work 
unsuitable for Supplier’s proper performance. Supplier’s silence shall
 
Proprietary and Confidential
This Agreement and information contained therein is not for use or 
disclosure outside of AT&T, its Affiliates, and third
party representatives, and Supplier except under written agreement by the 
contracting parties.


16

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Agreement 20071210.103.A.002
 
constitute approval of such other work as fit, proper and suitable for 
Supplier’s performance of its work. Any use of, including any changes to 
the use of, a Subcontractor must be approved by AT&T in writing before 
commencement of the work. Supplier shall provide to AT&T, upon request, 
information about the Subcontractor including the identity, location, and a 
complete description of the activities to be performed by such 
Subcontractor. Where a portion of the work is approved to be subcontracted, 
Supplier remains fully responsible for performance thereof and shall be 
responsible to AT&T for the acts and omissions of any Subcontractor. 
Nothing in this Agreement shall create any contractual obligation nor other 
liability of AT&T to any Subcontractor or its employees. Supplier agrees to 
bind every Subcontractor to terms consistent with the terms of this 
Agreement. AT&T agrees and approves wireless carriers and long distance 
carriers as subcontractors and Supplier shall not be responsible in any way 
for their actions or lack of action. However, Supplier is responsible to 
insure they are working with subcontractors to perform what they said they 
would do.


16. Section 3.39, Ethical Business Practice, shall be added to agreement as 
follows:


3.39 Ethical Business Practice

Supplier hereby represents and warrants that the employees, temporary 
workers, agents, consultants, partners, officers, directors, members or 
representatives of Supplier and its subcontractors, if any, performing 
Services or other activities under this Agreement (each and any of the 
foregoing individuals, for the purpose of this clause, a “Supplier 
Representative”) shall comply with the US Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and 
all applicable anticorruption laws. Supplier Representatives shall not 
directly or indirectly pay, offer, give, promise to pay or authorize the 
payment of, any portion of the compensation received in connection with 
this Agreement or any other monies or other things of value in connection 
with its performance to a Government Official, defined below, to obtain or 
retain business or secure any improper advantage nor shall it permit such 
actions by a third party in connection with this Agreement. Government 
Official means (i) an officer or employee of any government or any 
department, agency, or instrumentality thereof, including government-owned 
or government-controlled commercial entities; (ii) an officer or employee 
of a public international organization; (iii) any person acting in an 
official capacity for or on behalf of any government or department, agency, 
or instrumentality or public international organization; (iv) any political 
party or official thereof; (v) any candidate for political office; or (vi) 
any other person, individual or entity at the suggestion, request or 
direction or for the benefit of any of the above-described persons or 
entities.


17. Section 3.40, Incidental Development, shall be added to agreement as 
follows:


3.40 Incidental Development

Unless the parties have reached a prior written agreement through the use 
of a Statement of Work, no development, enhancements, or modifications 
shall be performed or paid for under this Agreement. Other than through the 
use of a Statement of Work, any development, enhancement and modification 
activities shall be negotiated and performed under a separate written 
agreement between the Parties. In the event that any enhancements, 
modifications or development activities were to occur under this
 
Proprietary and Confidential
This Agreement and information contained therein is not for use or 
disclosure outside of AT&T, its Affiliates, and third
party representatives, and Supplier except under written agreement by the 
contracting parties.


17

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Agreement 20071210.103.A.002
 
Agreement or any Order, then Supplier hereby assigns to AT&T all right, 
title and interest in such enhancements, modifications or developments, and 
the Parties may negotiate a separate written agreement setting forth any 
other terms and conditions relating to such enhancements, modifications or 
developments.


18. Section 3.41, Labor Disputes, shall be added to agreement as follows:


3.41 Labor Disputes
 
a. 	In the event of a labor dispute between AT&T and the union(s) 
representing AT&T’s employees, AT&T may exercise its right to modify the 
Scope of Work under the Order on immediate notice, including postponing, 
reducing, or terminating the services to be provided under the Order and 
due to be performed after the commencement of a labor dispute. AT&T 
acknowledges and agrees that the exercise of such right may result in a 
delay in the resumption of Services when requested by AT&T.
 
b. 	The rights and obligations of the Parties under this Section are in 
addition to, and not a limitation of, their respective rights under the 
Sections entitled “Amendments and Waivers” and “Force Majeure.”


19. Section 3.42, Offshore Work Prohibited, shall be added to agreement as 
follows:


3.42 Offshore Work Prohibited

None of the Work under this Agreement shall be performed, and no 
Information related to this Agreement shall be collected, stored, handled 
or accessed at any location outside of the United States. Additionally, 
Supplier shall not allow any of the Work under this Agreement to be 
performed by a Subcontractor unless AT&T approves such Subcontractor 
pursuant to Section 3.4, Assignment and Delegation and the Supplier 
complies with the requirements of Section 3.38, Work Done by Others.


20. Section 3.43, Taxes, shall be added to agreement as follows:


3.43 Taxes
 
a. 	Supplier shall invoice AT&T the amount of any federal excise taxes and 
state and local sales taxes imposed upon the sale of Material and provision 
of Services under this Agreement. All such taxes must be stated as separate 
items on a timely invoice listing the taxing jurisdiction imposing the tax. 
Installation, labor and other non-taxable charges must be separately 
stated. AT&T shall pay all applicable taxes to Supplier that are stated on 
and at the time the Material or Services invoice is submitted by Supplier. 
Supplier shall remit taxes to the appropriate taxing authorities. Supplier 
shall honor tax exemption certificates, and other appropriate documents, 
which AT&T may submit, pursuant to relevant tax provisions of the taxing 
jurisdiction providing the exemption.
 
Proprietary and Confidential
This Agreement and information contained therein is not for use or 
disclosure outside of AT&T, its Affiliates, and third
party representatives, and Supplier except under written agreement by the 
contracting parties.


18

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Agreement 20071210.103.A.002
 

 
b. 	Supplier shall pay any penalty, interest, additional tax, or other 
charge that may be levied or assessed as a result of the delay or failure 
of Supplier, for any reason, to pay any tax or file any return or 
information required by law, rule or regulation or by this Agreement to be 
paid or filed by Supplier.
 
c. 	Upon AT&T’s request, the Parties shall consult with respect to the 
basis and rates upon which Supplier shall pay any taxes or fees for which 
AT&T is obligated to reimburse Supplier under this Agreement. If AT&T 
determines that in its opinion any such taxes or fees are not payable, or 
should be paid on a basis less than the full price or at rates less than 
the full tax rate, AT&T shall notify Supplier in writing of such 
determinations, Supplier shall make payment in accordance with such 
determinations, and AT&T shall be responsible for such determinations. If 
collection is sought by the taxing authority for a greater amount of taxes 
than that so determined by AT&T, Supplier shall promptly notify AT&T. If 
AT&T desires to contest such collection, AT&T shall promptly notify 
Supplier. Supplier shall cooperate with AT&T in contesting such 
determination, but AT&T shall be responsible and shall reimburse Supplier 
for any tax, interest, or penalty in excess of AT&T’s determination.
 
d. 	If AT&T determines that in its opinion it has reimbursed Supplier for 
any taxes in excess of the amount that AT&T is obligated to reimburse 
Supplier, AT&T and Supplier shall consult to determine the appropriate 
method of recovery of such excess reimbursements. Supplier shall credit any 
excess reimbursements against tax reimbursements or other payments due from 
AT&T if and to the extent Supplier can make corresponding adjustments to 
its payments to the relevant tax authority. At AT&T’s request, Supplier 
shall timely file any claims for refund and any other documents required to 
recover any other excess reimbursements, and shall promptly remit to AT&T 
all such refunds and interest received.
 
e. 	If any taxing authority advises Supplier that it intends to audit 
Supplier with respect to any taxes for which AT&T is obligated to reimburse 
Supplier under this Agreement, Supplier shall (i) promptly so notify AT&T, 
(ii) afford AT&T an opportunity to participate on an equal basis with 
Supplier in such audit with respect to such taxes and (iii) keep AT&T fully 
informed as to the progress of such audit. Each Party shall bear its own 
expenses with respect to any such audit, and the responsibility for any 
additional tax, interest or penalty resulting from such audit is to be 
determined in accordance with the applicable provisions of this Taxes 
Section. Supplier’s failure to comply with the notification requirements of 
this Taxes Section will relieve AT&T of its responsibility to reimburse 
Supplier for taxes only if Supplier’s failure materially prejudiced AT&T’s 
ability to contest imposition or assessment of those taxes.
 
f. 	In addition to its rights under Subsections c., d., and e. above with 
respect to any tax or tax controversy covered by this Taxes Section, AT&T 
is entitled to contest, pursuant to applicable law and tariffs, and at its 
own expense, any tax previously invoiced that it is ultimately obligated to 
pay. AT&T is entitled to the benefit of any refund or recovery of amounts 
that it has previously paid resulting from such a contest. Supplier shall 
cooperate in any such contest, but AT&T shall pay all costs and expenses 
incurred in obtaining a refund or credit for AT&T.
 
g. 	If either Party is audited by a taxing authority or other governmental 
entity in connection with taxes under this Taxes Section, the other Party 
shall reasonably cooperate with the Party being audited in order to respond 
to any audit inquiries in an appropriate and timely manner, so that the 
audit and any resulting controversy may be resolved expeditiously.
 
Proprietary and Confidential
This Agreement and information contained therein is not for use or 
disclosure outside of AT&T, its Affiliates, and third
party representatives, and Supplier except under written agreement by the 
contracting parties.


19

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Agreement 20071210.103.A.002
 

 
h. 	AT&T and Supplier shall reasonably cooperate with each other with 
respect to any tax planning to minimize taxes. The degree of cooperation 
contemplated by this section is to enable any resulting tax planning to be 
implemented and includes, but is not limited to: (i) Supplier’s installing 
and loading all of the Software licensed by AT&T, and retaining possession 
and ownership of all tangible personal property, (ii) Supplier installing, 
loading and/or transferring the Software at a location selected by AT&T, 
and (iii) Supplier Delivering all of the Software in electronic form. AT&T 
shall bear all reasonable external (paid to third parties), additional 
expenses incurred by Supplier to comply with the provisions of this 
subsection, but AT&T’s advance written consent is required whenever these 
expenses for any Software item or update are expected to exceed two 
thousand dollars ($2,000) or one percent (1%) of the cost of the item or 
update, whichever is less. Supplier’s cooperation is not an agreement with, 
or guarantee of, the taxability or non-taxability of the transaction.


4.0 Special Terms

21. Section 4.2, Background Checks, shall be deleted and replaced as 
follows:


4.2 Background Checks
 
a. 	Supplier, with respect to the following requirements in this Section 
(collectively, “Background Checks”) and subject to any federal, state, or 
local laws, rules or regulations which may limit any Supplier action 
otherwise required by this section, (i) shall make all reasonable and 
legally permitted efforts, including checking the background, verifying the 
personal information and conducting a Drug Screen to determine and verify 
all information necessary to represent and warrant to AT&T that no Supplier 
employee, contractor or subcontractor and no employee or agent of any 
Supplier contractor or subcontractor (“Supplier Person”) who Supplier 
proposes to have perform any Service that permits physical, virtual or 
other access to AT&T ‘s or its customer’s premises, systems, networks, or 
Information (“Access”) at any time during the term of the Agreement., (a) 
has presented a positive Drug Screen, (b) has been convicted of any felony, 
or has been convicted of any misdemeanor involving violence, sexual 
misconduct, theft or computer crimes, fraud or financial crimes, drug 
distribution, or crimes involving unlawful possession or use of a dangerous 
weapon (“Conviction”) or (c) is identified on any government registry as a 
sex offender; and (ii) shall not permit any such Person presenting a 
positive Drug Screen, having a Conviction, or being a registered sex 
offender to perform any Service that permits such Access during the term of 
the Agreement, subject to any federal, state, or local restrictions on the 
consideration of criminal convictions in making employment decisions.
 
b. 	Supplier shall comply with the obligations of subsections (b) and (c) 
above through the use of a third party service which shall perform a review 
of applicable records for those counties, states, and federal court 
districts in which a proposed Supplier Person has identified as having 
resided, worked, or attended school in the previous ten (10) years, unless 
a shorter period is required by any federal, state, or local law.
 
Proprietary and Confidential
This Agreement and information contained therein is not for use or 
disclosure outside of AT&T, its Affiliates, and third
party representatives, and Supplier except under written agreement by the 
contracting parties.


20

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Agreement 20071210.103.A.002
 

 
c. 	Supplier acknowledges and agrees that it is Supplier’s sole and 
exclusive responsibility to determine whether a Supplier Person with a 
Conviction should be denied Access during the term of the Agreement under 
the terms of this Agreement and in compliance with all federal, state, and 
local laws, unless an exception is granted by AT&T under paragraph e. of 
this Section.
 
d. 	Supplier represents and warrants to AT&T that, to the best of its 
knowledge, no Supplier Person has (i) falsified any of his or her 
Identification Credentials, or (ii) failed to disclose any material 
information in the hiring process relevant to the performance of any 
Service. Supplier shall not permit any Supplier Person who has falsified 
such Identification Credentials or failed to disclose such information to 
perform any Service that permits Access.
 
e. 	The following definitions apply:
 
  	1. 	“Identification Credentials” includes, with respect to each Supplier 
Person, his or her Social Security number, driver’s license, educational 
credentials, employment history, home address, and citizenship indicia.
 
  	2. 	“Drug Screen” means the testing for the use of illicit drugs 
(including opiates, cocaine, cannabinoids, amphetamines, and phencyclidine 
(PCP)) of any Supplier Person who (i) has unsupervised (or badged) physical 
Access to AT&T’s or its customer’s premises, or (ii) has regular or 
recurring supervised physical Access to AT&T’s or its customer’s premises 
for more than thirty (30) days in the aggregate annually.
 
f. 	The failure of Supplier to comply with the requirements of this 
Section, and/or if any Person who fails such Background Check or who has 
falsified Identification Credentials does perform any Service that permits 
such Access, shall each be considered a material breach of this Agreement. 
Notwithstanding any of the foregoing, exceptions for individual Supplier 
Persons may be granted by AT&T on a case-by-case basis.


The terms and conditions of Agreement No. 20071210.103.C in all other 
respects remain unmodified and in full force and effect.


Original signature transmitted and received via facsimile or other 
electronic transmission of a scanned document, (e.g., .pdf or similar 
format) are true and valid signatures for all purposes hereunder and shall 
bind the Parties to the same extent as that of an original signature. This 
Amendment may be executed in multiple counterparts, each of which shall be 
deemed to constitute an original but all of which together shall constitute 
only one document.


IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties have caused this Amendment to Agreement No. 
20071210.103.C to be executed, as of the date the last Party signs.
 
Proprietary and Confidential
This Agreement and information contained therein is not for use or 
disclosure outside of AT&T, its Affiliates, and third
party representatives, and Supplier except under written agreement by the 
contracting parties.


21

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Agreement 20071210.103.A.002
 


 
Single Touch Interactive, Inc. 	  	 	  	AT&T Services, Inc.
By: 	  	/s/ James Darcey 	  	 	  	By: 	  	/s/Anthony Cohen
Printed Name: 	  	James Darcey 	  	 	  	Printed Name: 	  	Anthony Cohen
Title: 	  	Sr. Vice President 	  	 	  	Title: 	  	Senior Contract Manager
Date: 	  	10-18-10 	  	 	  	Date: 	  	October 25, 2010
 
Proprietary and Confidential
This Agreement and information contained therein is not for use or 
disclosure outside of AT&T, its Affiliates, and third
party representatives, and Supplier except under written agreement by the 
contracting parties.


22