 EX-10.2 3 exhibit102.htm EXHIBIT 10.2
 

 
Ex. 10.2
 
THIRD AMENDMENT TO
AMENDED AND RESTATED SALE AND SERVICING AGREEMENT
 
THIRD AMENDMENT TO AMENDED AND RESTATED SALE AND SERVICING AGREEMENT (this 
“Amendment”) dated as of August 6, 2010, by and among SILVERLEAF FINANCE 
IV, LLC a Delaware limited liability company, as purchaser (the “Purchaser
”), SILVERLEAF RESORTS, INC., a Texas corporation, as seller and servicer 
(the “Seller”) and WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, a national 
banking association, as trustee (the “Trustee”), Backup Servicer and 
Account Intermediary.

 
WHEREAS, the parties hereto have entered into the Amended and Restated Sale 
and Servicing Agreement, dated as of December 22, 2006, by and among the 
Purchaser, the Seller, and the Trustee (as amended from time to time, the 
“Agreement”). Capitalized terms used in this Amendment have the meanings 
given such terms in the Agreement, except as provided otherwise herein; and


WHEREAS, Section 11.1 of the Agreement permits the Agreement to be amended 
from time to time pursuant to the conditions set forth therein.


NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the above premises and for other good 
and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby 
acknowledged, the parties hereto agree as follows:
 
1.    
Amendments.
(a)    Section 3.1(a)(ii) of the Agreement is hereby amended by


      (i)    replacing clause (B) thereof in its entirety with the
      following:


            “(B) after the pledge of each Related Receivable pursuant to
            the Indenture, the weighted average Timeshare Loan Rate of all
            the Eligible Timeshare Loans that are included in the
            determination of Net Eligible Receivable Balance shall be no
            less than 15% and the weighted average original term to
            maturity of all the Eligible Timeshare Loans that are included
            in the determination of Net Eligible Receivable Balance shall
            not exceed 108 months;”
             
and
             
      (ii)    replacing clause (C) thereof in its entirety with the
      following:


            “(C) after the pledge of each Related Receivable pursuant to
            the Indenture, the Aggregate Principal Balance of Eligible
            Timeshare Loans with a related Obligor having a FICO score of
            greater than or equal to 500 and less than 600 as of the date
            of origination of such Timeshare Loan shall not exceed 7.00% of
            the Aggregate Principal Balance of all Eligible Receivables;”.
 
(b)    Article VII of the Agreement is hereby amended by adding the 
following after Section 7.2 thereof:
 
      “Section 7.3    Future Term Securitizations.    The Purchaser and the
      Seller agree that

1
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

      in the event that Silverleaf (whether directly, or through or
      involving any of its subsidiaries or affiliates) executes a term
      securitization of timeshare loans during any period when there
      remains any outstanding principal balance under the Notes (or under
      the Class A Notes or Class B Notes, following the S&P Rating
      Restructuring), not less than a pro rata amount of Timeshare Loans
      (constituting the same proportion of Timeshare Loans, by outstanding
      principal balance, that the aggregate principal amount of timeshare
      loans to be securitized in such term securitization bears to the
      aggregate principal amount of all timeshare loans, including the
      Timeshare Loans, available to Silverleaf for inclusion in such term
      securitization) shall be included as part of the timeshare loans
      being securitized by purchase from the Purchaser (and Silverleaf
      shall cause any of its subsidiaries or affiliates involved in such
      term securitization to abide by such requirement). Such inclusion
      shall be at a release price not less than the greater of (i) the
      allocable principal amount advanced against such Timeshare Loans
      under the term securitization plus all accrued and unpaid interest on
      such Timeshare Loans as of the date of purchase and (ii) the amount
      necessary to be received by the Purchaser and allocated as Available
      Funds such that, after giving effect to the release and transfer of
      such Timeshare Loans, no Borrowing Base Deficiency under the Notes
      (or under the Class A Notes or Class B Notes, following the S&P
      Rating Restructuring) would exist.”
 
(c)    Exhibit B, “Eligibility Criteria” is hereby amended by
 
      (i)    replacing clause (d) thereof, currently reading
       
            “(d)    as of the related Cutoff Date, no principal or interest
            due with respect to the Timeshare Loan is thirty (30) days or
            more delinquent;”
       
      in its entirety with the following:
 
            “(d)    as of the related Cutoff Date (i) at least six (6)
            consecutive Scheduled Receivable Payments on the Timeshare Loan
            shall have been received (in each case in the full amount and
            not more than thirty (30) days past the due date) and (ii) no
            principal or interest due with respect to the Timeshare Loan is
            thirty (30) days or more delinquent;”
       
and
       
      (ii)    replacing clause (iii) thereof, currently reading
       
            “(iii) The Obligor had a FICO Score of at least 500 at the time
            such Obligor purchased the related Timeshare Property (except
            with respect to Obligors for whom no FICO score is available,
            to the extent permitted under clause (v) of the definition of
            “Overconcentration Amount”).”
       
      in its entirety with the following:
       
            “(iii) The Obligor had a FICO Score of at least 500 at the time
            such Obligor purchased the related Timeshare Property.”
 
(d)    The following definitions are hereby added to Annex A, to appear in 
correct alphabetical order:



2
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

            “Class A Notes” has the meaning assigned to such term in
            Section 7.02(b) of the Note Purchase Agreement.
             
            “Class B Notes” has the meaning assigned to such term in
            Section 7.02(b) of the Note Purchase Agreement.
             
            “Required Restructuring Event” has the meaning assigned to such
            term in Section 7.02(b) of the Note Purchase Agreement.
             
            “S&P Rating Restructuring” has the meaning assigned to such
            term in Section 7.02(b) of the Note Purchase Agreement.
 
(e)    The definition of “Funding Termination Event” in Annex A is hereby 
amended by deleting the “and” appearing before clause (vii) thereof and 
adding the following after clause (vii) and before the ending period:


            “; (viii) the failure of any of Silverleaf or the Purchaser to
            comply with its undertakings in respect of obtaining a rating
            of the Notes set forth in Section 7.02(a) of the Note Purchase
            Agreement or to effect the S&P Rating Restructuring described
            in Section 7.02(b) of the Note Purchase Agreement or to procure
            the ratings on the Class A Notes and Class B Notes described in
            Section 7.02(c) of the Note Purchase Agreement, in each case by
            the respective dates required in such Section 7.02(a) and, in
            respect of the S&P Rating Restructuring and procurement of
            ratings on the Class A Notes and Class B Notes, Section
            7.02(c), as applicable); and (ix) the failure of any of
            Silverleaf or the Purchaser to comply with their respective
            undertakings concerning future term securitizations as set
            forth at Section 7.3 hereof.”
 
(f)    The definition of “Net Spread” in Annex A is amended by replacing 
the phrase in clause (x) thereof, currently reading
 
            “(x) weighted average Timeshare Loan Rate of the Eligible
            Timeshare Loans minus”
 
in its entirety with the following:
 
            “(x) weighted average Timeshare Loan Rate of the Eligible
            Timeshare Loans included in the determination of Net Eligible
            Receivable Balance minus”.
 
(g)    The definition of “Note Interest Rate” in Annex A is amended by 
replacing the proviso at the end of such definition, currently reading
 
            “provided, however, that the Note Interest Rate will in no
            event be higher than the maximum rate permitted by law”
 
in its entirety with the following:
 
            “provided, however, that the Note Interest Rate will in no
            event (A) be less than 6.00% per annum (or 6.75% per annum,
            following a failure to obtain the rating of the Notes described
            in Section 7.02(a) of the Note Purchase Agreement or to effect
            the S&P Rating Restructuring described in Section 7.02(b) of
            the Note Purchase

3
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

            Agreement or to procure the ratings on the Class A Notes and
            the Class B Notes described in Section 7.02(c) of the Note
            Purchase Agreement, in each case by the respective dates
            required in such Section 7.02(a) and, in respect of the S&P
            Rating Restructuring and the procurement of the ratings on the
            Class A Notes and Class B Notes, Section 7.02(c), as
            applicable) or (B) be higher than the maximum rate permitted by
            law.”
 
(h)    The definition of “Noteholder Excess Principal Event” is hereby 
amended by inserting the phrase “included in the determination of Net 
Eligible Receivable Balance” immediately following each of the following 
phrases contained in clauses (iii)(B), (iii)(D) and (iii)(E) therein, 
respectively: “related to the Eligible Receivables”, “all the Eligible 
Timeshare Loans” and “all the Eligible Timeshare Loans”.


(i)    The definition of “Overconcentration Amount” in Annex A is hereby 
amended by


      (i)    replacing clause (v) thereof, currently reading


            “(v)    the amount by which the sum of the Aggregate Principal
            Balance of all Eligible Receivables with Obligors in respect of
            which no FICO score is available exceeds 3% of the Aggregate
            Principal Balance of all Eligible Receivables at such time;”


      in its entirety with the following:


            “(v) [Reserved];”
and


      (ii)    replacing clause (x) thereof, currently reading


            “(x) the amount by which the sum of the Aggregate Principal
            Balance of all Eligible Receivables relating to Timeshare Loans
            with a related Obligor having a FICO score of greater than or
            equal to 500 and less than 600 as of the date of origination of
            such Timeshare Loan exceeds, in the aggregate, 20% of the
            Aggregate Principal Balance of all Eligible Receivables at such
            time;”


      in its entirety with the following:


            “(x) the amount by which the sum of the Aggregate Principal
            Balance of all Eligible Receivables relating to Timeshare Loans
            with a related Obligor having a FICO score of greater than or
            equal to 500 and less than 600 as of the date of origination of
            such Timeshare Loan exceeds, in the aggregate, 7.00% of the
            Aggregate Principal Balance of all Eligible Receivables at such
            time;”.
 
(j)    The definition of “Qualified Substitute Timeshare Loan” is hereby 
amended by inserting the phrase “included in the determination of Net 
Eligible Receivable Balance” immediately following the phrase “weighted 
average coupon rate of the Timeshare Loans” contained in clause (iii) 
therein.


(k)    The definition of “Required Credit Enhancement” in Annex A is hereby 
amended by replacing the entire definition, including the table identified 
in the first paragraph thereof as the “matrix”, in its entirety with the 
following:


      ““Required Credit Enhancement” means 25%.”.



4
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

(l)    The definition of “Weighted Average FICO Score” currently reading


            “Weighted Average FICO Score” means the weighted average FICO
            score of all the Obligors in respect of Eligible Receivables at
            the time such Obligors purchased the related Timeshare
            Property. For the purposes of determining the Weighted Average
            FICO Score, Obligors for whom no FICO score is available will
            be deemed to have a FICO score of 550.”


is hereby replaced in its entirety with the following:
       
            “Weighted Average FICO Score” means the weighted average FICO
            score, at the time such Obligors purchased the related
            Timeshare Property, of all the Obligors in respect of Eligible
            Receivables that are included in the determination of Net
            Eligible Receivable Balance.”
       
(m)    The definition of “Weighted Average Seasoning” currently reading


            “Weighted Average Seasoning” means, with respect to all
            Eligible Receivables, the weighted average number of months
            elapsed origination of the Eligible Receivables.”


is hereby replaced in its entirety with the following:
       
            “Weighted Average Seasoning” means, with respect to all
            Eligible Receivables included in the determination of Net
            Eligible Receivable Balance, the weighted average number of
            months elapsed origination of such Eligible Receivables.”
       
2.    
Conditions to Effectiveness.    
This Amendment shall be effective upon (i) delivery to the Note Purchaser 
of counterparts hereof executed by each of the parties hereto, (ii) 
delivery to the Note Purchaser of executed counterparts of the Second 
Amendment to Note Purchase Agreement being entered into concurrently with 
this Amendment, (iii) delivery to the Note Purchaser of executed legal 
opinions of counsel to the Seller and the Purchaser each in form and 
substance satisfactory to the Note Purchaser, (iv) delivery to the Note 
Purchaser of such evidence of authorization or other required entity action 
of the Seller and the Purchaser, incumbency, good standing and other 
matters as may be required by the Note Purchaser, in each case in form and 
substance satisfactory to the Note Purchaser and (v) the representations 
and warranties of the Seller and the Purchaser referred to in Section 3(a) 
below are accurate as of the date hereof (or as of the date otherwise 
deemed made, as applicable).
 
3.    
Miscellaneous.
(a)Each of the Seller and the Purchaser hereby certifies that its 
representations and warranties set forth any Basic Document, in each case 
to the extent that such representations and warranties are deemed repeated 
on each Settlement Date, Determination Date or the date of any Advance 
pursuant to the terms of any such Basic Document, are true and correct on 
the date hereof with the same force and effect as if made on the date 
hereof. In addition, the Seller and the Purchaser each represents and 
warrants that (i) no Event of Default or other Funding Termination Event 
(nor any event that but for notice or lapse of time or both would 
constitute an Event of Default or other Funding Termination Event) shall 
have occurred and be continuing as of the date hereof nor shall any of the 
foregoing occur due to this Amendment becoming effective, (ii) the Seller 
and the Purchaser each has the entity power and authority

5
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

to execute and deliver this Amendment and has taken or caused to be taken 
all necessary entity actions to authorize the execution and delivery of 
this Amendment, (iii) this Amendment constitutes the valid and binding 
obligation of the Seller and the Purchaser, enforceable in accordance with 
its terms and (iv) no consent of any other person (including, without 
limitation, equityholders or creditors of the Seller or the Purchaser) and 
no action of or filing with any governmental or public body or authority is 
required to authorize, or is otherwise required in connection with the 
execution and performance of this Amendment, other than such that have been 
obtained.
(b)The Agreement, as amended hereby, is hereby ratified and confirmed in 
all respects and remains in full force and effect in accordance with its 
terms.
(c)All references in any Basic Document to the Agreement shall mean the 
Agreement as amended hereby.
(d)This Amendment may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of 
which shall be deemed to be an original, but all such counterparts shall 
together constitute but one and the same instrument. Delivery of an 
executed counterpart of a signature page to this Amendment by facsimile 
shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this 
Amendment.
(e)THIS AMENDMENT SHALL, IN ACCORDANCE WITH SECTION 5-1401 OF THE GENERAL 
OBLIGATIONS LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK, BE GOVERNED BY THE LAWS OF THE 
STATE OF NEW YORK, WITHOUT REGARD TO ANY CONFLICTS OF LAW PRINCIPLES 
THEREOF THAT WOULD CALL FOR THE APPLICATION OF THE LAWS OF ANY OTHER 
JURISDICTION.
(f)The headings of the several sections of this Amendment are for 
convenience only and shall not affect the construction hereof.
(g)This Amendment shall be deemed to be a Basic Document under the 
Indenture and the other Basic Documents.
 
[signatures follow]
 

6
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, this Amendment has been duly executed and delivered as 
of the date first above written.


 

 
 
SILVERLEAF FINANCE IV, LLC
 
By: /s/ HARRY J. WHITE, JR.
Name: Harry J. White, Jr.
Its: Chief Financial Officer



 
 
 
 
 


SILVERLEAF RESORTS, INC.


 
By: /s/ HARRY J. WHITE, JR.
Name: Harry J. White, Jr.
Its: Chief Financial Officer


 
 
 
 
 
WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL
 
 


ASSOCIATION, in its capacity as Trustee


 
By: /s/ SUE DIGNAN
Name: Sue Dignan
Its: Vice President


 

7