 EX-10.(B) 3 v200957_ex10-b.htm

July 22, 2010

By Hand Delivery

Joseph J. O’Brien, Jr.
13630 Springstone Drive
Clifton, VA 20124

 
Re:
Change-In-Control Agreement dated July 22, 2010 and Amendment per U.S. 
Treasury Dept.’s Troubled Asset Relief Program-Capital Purchase Program 
(“TARP-CPP”)

Dear Jay,

Subject to the amendment noted below, at its meeting of October 28, 2009, 
the board of directors authorized Daniel J. Schrider to execute and deliver 
to you the enclosed Change-In-Control Agreement dated July 22, 2010 
(“Agreement”). 

Under the terms of Bancorp’s participation in TARP-CPP, Bancorp and you 
previously agreed to amend compensation agreements to make the agreements 
compliant with the laws, regulations and rules promulgated under TARP-CPP 
and you waived the right to receive any compensation arising out of any 
agreement or arrangement that is determined to be non-compliant with the 
laws, regulations and rules of TARP-CPP.

In addition, since that time, additional regulations were issued which 
involved further prohibitions on certain compensation payments.   
Specifically, the change-in-control payment described in the enclosed 
Agreement meets the definition of a “golden parachute” payment that is now 
prohibited under TARP-CPP.  As a result, any such payment to you is 
prohibited so long as Bancorp remains a TARP-CPP participant.

Therefore, the following paragraph is specifically made a part of the 
enclosed Agreement:

    18.   As a condition precedent to any contractual obligation or duty of
    Bancorp from, or to, the identified Officer, the Secretary of the U.S.
    Dept. of the Treasury must not currently hold an equity or debt
    position in Bancorp and Bancorp must have been released from all
    statutory or regulatory obligations under TARP-CPP relative to any
    prohibition on the compensation contemplated in this Agreement.

 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

Joseph J. O’Brien, Jr.
Sandy Spring Bancorp, Inc.
July 22, 2010
Page 2


Assuming this condition precedent will be eventually satisfied, the 
enclosed Agreement provides for you to receive 2.99 times your total annual 
compensation in the event of a change-in-control of Bancorp as defined in 
the Agreement. 

Please sign and return one original Agreement and this letter amendment to 
me for inclusion in your personnel file in Human Resources and kindly 
retain the second original in your important records.

Thank you for your attention to this matter.

  	
Sincerely yours,
  	 
  	
/s/ Ronald E. Kuykendall
  	 
  	
Ronald E. Kuykendall
  	
General Counsel & Secretary

REK/lsj

cc: 
Daniel J. Schrider, CEO
  Dawn Weglein, Human Resources

Enc.


I hereby acknowledge and agree to the above letter amendment to the
Change-In-Control Agreement dated July 22, 2010.


/s/ Joseph J. O’Brien, Jr.                       
Joseph J. O’Brien, Jr.
 
 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
CHANGE IN CONTROL AGREEMENT

THIS AGREEMENT (the "Agreement") made as of this 22nd day of July, 2010 
(the "Effective Date") by and between Sandy Spring Bancorp, Inc., a 
registered bank holding company and a Maryland Corporation (“Bancorp”), 
Sandy Spring Bank, a Maryland Corporation and wholly owned subsidiary of 
Bancorp with its headquarters in Olney, Maryland (collectively the "Bank") 
and Joseph J. O’Brien, Jr. (the “Officer").

WITNESSETH:

WHEREAS, the Officer has accepted employment with the Bank as an Executive 
Vice President of the Bank and Manager of the Commercial Banking Group of 
the Bank.
 
WHEREAS, the Bank and the Officer each desire that the Officer be provided 
with certain benefits in the event of a Change in Control, as defined 
below.
 
NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and mutual covenants 
herein contained, it is agreed as follows:
 
1. 
Definitions:
 
   a.       Change in Control.  A "Change in Control" shall be deemed to
   occur on the earliest of any of the following events after the date of
   this Agreement:
 
       i.    The acquisition by any entity, person or group (other than the
       acquisition by a tax-qualified retirement plan sponsored by Sandy
       Spring Bancorp, Inc. ("Bancorp") or the Bank of beneficial
       ownership, as that term is defined in Rule 13d-3 under the
       Securities Exchange Act of 1934, of more than 25% of the outstanding
       capital stock of Bancorp or the Bank entitled to vote generally for
       the election of directors ("Voting Stock");
 
       ii.   The commencement by any entity, person, or group (other than
       Bancorp or the Bank, a subsidiary of Bancorp or the Bank, or a
       tax-qualified retirement plan sponsored by Bancorp or the Bank) of a
       tender offer or an exchange offer for more than 20% of the
       outstanding Voting Stock of Bancorp or the Bank;
 
       iii.  The effective time of (a) a merger or consolidation of Bancorp
       or the Bank with one or more other corporations as a result of which
       the holders of the outstanding Voting Stock of Bancorp or the Bank
       immediately prior to such merger exercise voting control over less
       than 80% of the Voting Stock of the surviving or resulting
       corporation, or (b) a transfer of substantially all of the property
       of Bancorp or the Bank other than to an entity of which Bancorp or
       the Bank owns at least 80% of the Voting Stock;
 
       iv.  Upon the acquisition by any entity, person, or group of the
       control of the election of a majority of the Bank's or Bancorp's
       directors;
 
       v.   At such time that, during any period of two consecutive years,
       individuals who at the beginning of such period constitute the Board
       of Directors ("Board") of Bancorp or the Board of the Bank (the
       "Continuing Directors") cease for any reason to constitute at least
       two-thirds of such Board, provided that any individual whose
       election or nomination for election as a member of the Board was
       approved by a vote of at least two-thirds of the Continuing
       Directors of such Board then in office shall be considered a
       Continuing Director.
 
 
1
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
    b.      Covered Period. The "Covered Period" shall mean the period
    beginning six months before a Change in Control and ending at the end
    of the term specified in Section 2 hereof.
 
    c.      Good Reason. "Good Reason" shall be deemed to exist at the time
    that any of the following events occurs without the Officers express
    written consent:
 
       i.  A material reduction in the Officer's responsibilities or
       authority in connection with his employment by Bancorp or the Bank;
 
       ii.  Assignment to the Officer of duties of a non-executive nature
       or duties for which the officer is not reasonably equipped by the
       Officer’s skills and experience;
 
    iii.  A reduction in salary or material reduction in benefits;
 
       iv. A requirement that the Officer’s principal business office or
       principal place of residence be relocated outside any county in
       which the Bank has its main office, its branches, or its
       deposit-taking Automatic Teller Machines; or
 
       v. Failure to provide office facilities, secretarial services, and
       other administrative services to Officer that are substantially
       equivalent to the facilities and services provided to the Officer
       immediately after the Effective Date (excluding brief periods during
       which office facilities may be temporarily unavailable due to fire,
       natural disaster, or other calamity).
 
       vi. The Officer’s resignation for any reason during the first sixty
       (60) days immediately following the first six (6) months after the
       closing date of a definitive purchase and assumption agreement, the
       execution of which brought about the Change in Control.
 
    Notwithstanding the foregoing, a reduction or elimination of the
    Officer's benefits under one or more benefit plans maintained by
    Bancorp or the Bank as part of a good faith, overall reduction or
    elimination of such plan or plans or benefits thereunder applicable to
    all participants in a manner that does not discriminate against the
    Officer (except as such discrimination may be necessary to comply with
    law) shall not constitute an event of Good Reason or a material breach
    of this Agreement, provided that benefits of the type or to the general
    extent as those offered under such plan or plans prior to such
    reduction or elimination are not available to other officers of Bancorp
    or the Bank or any company that controls either of them under a plan or
    plans in or under which the Officer is not entitled to participate and
    to receive benefits on a fair and nondiscriminatory basis.
 
    Notwithstanding the foregoing, it is expected that Bancorp and the Bank
    will perform all duties and agreements to be performed herein, and they
    shall have the right to cure non-performance, to the extent such
    performance is reasonably capable of being cured, and shall promptly
    upon receipt of written notice of non-performance that the Officer
    describes and alleges to be Good Reason, comply with the requirements
    of such notice, and further if they shall not comply with such notice
    to the satisfaction of the Officer within forty-eight (48) hours after
    delivery thereof, (except if such compliance cannot be reasonably
    completed within forty-eight (48) hours, if Bank shall not commence to
    comply with such period and thereafter proceed to completion with due
    diligence) the Officer shall have the right to proceed with notice of a
    “Good Reason” termination as specified above.
 
 
2
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
    d.      Just Cause. Termination for "Just Cause" shall mean termination
    of employment by reason of the Officer's:
     
 
i. 
Personal dishonesty;
 
 
ii. 
Willful misconduct;
 
 
iii.
Breach of fiduciary duty involving personal profit;
 
 
iv.
Intentional failure to perform duties; or
 
 
v.
Willful violation of any law, rule, or regulation (other than traffic 
violations or similar offenses) or final cease-and-desist order.
 
    Notwithstanding the foregoing, it is expected that Officer will perform
    all duties and agreements to be performed herein, and Officer shall
    have the right to cure non-performance, to the extent such performance
    is reasonably capable of being cured, and shall promptly upon receipt
    of written notice of non-performance that Bancorp or the Bank describes
    and alleges to be Just cause, comply with the requirements of such
    notice, and further if Officer shall not comply with such notice to the
    satisfaction of the Bank within forty-eight (48) hours after delivery
    thereof, (except if such compliance cannot be reasonably completed
    within forty-eight (48) hours, if Officer shall not commence to comply
    within such period and thereafter proceed to completion with due
    diligence) the Bank shall have the right to proceed with a “Just Cause”
    termination as described above.
 
    The Bank shall determine if Just Cause exists with respect to its
    employment of the Officer in the exercise of its good faith discretion.
 
    e.            Total Annual Compensation. For purposes of this
    Agreement, Total Annual Compensation shall mean:
 
       i.  One-year's base salary at the highest rate in effect in the
       period beginning six months before the last Change in Control to
       occur before termination of the Officer's employment; plus
 
       ii.  Other compensation, including, without limitation, bonus
       payments, at the rate paid for (i) the calendar year preceding such
       Change in Control, or (ii) the calendar year preceding termination
       of the Officer's employment, whichever is greater, but shall not
       include the value of benefits that are not subject to current
       federal income taxation to the Officer. Such other compensation for
       a calendar year shall be annualized on a monthly basis based upon
       the number of months in the calendar year in which the Officer was
       employed.
 
2.
Term. The term of this Agreement shall be the period commencing on the 
Effective Date and ending on the last moment of the second anniversary of 
the Effective Date. On each anniversary of the Effective Date prior to a 
termination of the Agreement, the term under this Agreement shall be 
extended for an additional one-year period beyond the then effective 
expiration date without action by any party, provided that neither the Bank 
nor the Officer shall have given written notice at least sixty (60) days 
prior to such anniversary date of its or his desire that the term not be 
extended.
 
3. 
Termination in Connection with a Change in Control.
 
    a.           If, within the Covered Period, the Bank shall terminate
    the Officer's employment without Just Cause or the Officer shall
    terminate his employment with Good Reason, the Bank shall, within ten
    calendar days of the termination of Officer's employment, make a
    lump-sum cash payment to him equal to 2.99 times his Total Annual
    Compensation.
 
 
3
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
    b.   Also in the event of such a termination, the Officer shall, for
    three calendar years following the Officer’s termination of employment,
    continue to participate in any benefit plans of Bancorp and the Bank
    that provide health (including medical and dental), life and disability
    insurance, or similar coverage upon terms no less favorable than the
    most favorable terms provided to executive officers of the Bank during
    such period.
 
4. 
Adjustment of Certain Payments and Benefits.
 
    a.           In the event that payments pursuant to this Agreement
    (including, without limitation, any payment under any plan, program, or
    arrangement referred to in Section 3 hereof) would result in the
    imposition of a penalty tax pursuant to Section 28OG of the Internal
    Revenue Code, such payments shall be reduced to equal the maximum
    amount that may be paid under such Section 28OG without exceeding such
    limits. In the event any such reduction in payments is necessary, the
    Officer may determine, in his sole discretion, which categories of
    payments (including, without limitation, the value of benefits,
    acceleration of vesting, or receipt of benefits or amounts) are to be
    reduced or eliminated.
 
    b.           Payments made to the Officer pursuant to this Agreement or
    otherwise, are subject to and conditioned upon their compliance with
    Section I (W) of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act ("FDIA"), relating
    to "golden parachute" and indemnification payments and certain other
    benefits.
 
5.
Reimbursement of Officer’s Expenses to Enforce this Agreement. Bancorp or 
the Bank shall reimburse the Officer for all out-of-pocket expenses, 
including, without limitation, reasonable attorney's fees, incurred by the 
Officer in connection with successful enforcement by the Officer of the 
obligations of Bancorp or the Bank to the Officer under this Agreement. 
Successful enforcement shall mean the grant of an award of money or the 
requirement that Bancorp or the Bank take some action specified by this 
Agreement (i) as a result of court order; or (ii) otherwise by Bancorp or 
the Bank following an initial failure of Bancorp or the Bank to pay such 
money or take such action promptly after written demand therefore from the 
Officer stating the reason that such money or action was due under this 
Agreement at or prior to the time of such demand.
 
6.
Confidentiality. The Officer agrees to maintain the confidentiality of any 
and all information concerning the operation or financial status of 
Bancorp, the Bank, and any of their subsidiaries; the names or addresses of 
any of the borrowers, depositors, and other customers of any such 
companies; any information concerning or obtained from such customers; and 
any other information concerning Bancorp or the Bank or any of their 
subsidiaries to which he may be exposed during the course of his 
employment. The Officer further agrees that, unless required by law or 
specifically permitted by Bancorp or the Bank in writing, he will not 
disclose to any person or entity, either during or subsequent to his 
employment, any of the above-mentioned information which is not generally 
known to the public, nor shall he employ such information in any way other 
than for the benefit of Bancorp and the Bank.
 
7.
Successors and Assigns.
 
    a.           This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be
    binding upon any corporate or other successor of the Bank that shall
    acquire, directly or indirectly, by merger, consolidation, purchase or
    otherwise, all or substantially all of the assets or stock of the Bank.
 
 
4
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
    b.           Since the Bank is contracting for the unique and personal
    skills of the Officer, the Officer shall be precluded from assigning or
    delegating his rights or duties hereunder without first obtaining the
    written consent of the Bank.
 
8.
No Mitigation.  The Officer shall not be required to mitigate the amount of 
any payment provided for in this Agreement by seeking other employment or 
otherwise and no such payment shall be offset or reduced by the amount of 
any compensation or benefits provided to the Officer in any subsequent 
employment.
 
9.
No Plan Created. The Officer and the Bank expressly declare and agree that 
this Agreement was negotiated among them and that no provision or 
provisions of this Agreement are intended to, or shall be deemed to, create 
any plan for purposes of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act or any 
other law or regulation, and the Bank and the Officer each expressly waives 
any right to assert the contrary. Any assertion in any judicial or 
administrative filing, hearing, or process by or on behalf of the Officer 
or the Bank that such a plan was so created by this Agreement shall be 
deemed a material breach of this Agreement by the party making such an 
assertion or on whose behalf such assertion was made.
 
10. 
No Additional Rights: Third Party Beneficiary.
     
    a.           This Agreement does not confer any right to employment or
    any other right not specifically stated herein. Any assertion in any
    judicial or administrative filing, hearing, or process by or on behalf
    of the Officer or the Bank that it does so shall be deemed a material
    breach of this Agreement by the party making such an assertion or on
    whose behalf such assertion was made.
 
    b.           Bancorp is a third party beneficiary, with notice thereof,
    to Section 5 of this Agreement. This Agreement is for the benefit of
    the parties hereto, and, except as expressly stated herein with respect
    to Bancorp, is not intended to be for the benefit of, or to be
    enforceable by, any other person.
 
11. 
Certain Regulatory Events.
     
    a.            If the Officer is removed and/or permanently prohibited
    from participating in the conduct of the Bank's affairs by an order
    issued under Sections 8(e)(4) or 8(g)(1) of the FDIA, all obligations
    of the Bank under this Agreement shall terminate as of the effective
    date of the order, but vested rights of the parties shall not be
    affected.
 
    b.           If the Bank is in default (as defined in Section 3(x)(1)
    of FDIA), all obligations of the Bank under this Agreement shall
    terminate as of the date of default, but vested rights of the parties
    shall not be affected.
 
    c.           If a notice served under Sections 8(e)(3) or 8(g)(1) of
    the FDIA suspends and/or temporarily prohibits the Officer from
    participating in the conduct of the Bank's affairs, the Bank's
    obligations under this Agreement shall be suspended as of the date of
    such service, unless stayed by appropriate proceedings. If the charges
    in the notice are dismissed, the Bank may, in its discretion, (i) pay
    the Officer all or part of the compensation withheld while its contract
    obligations were suspended, and (ii) reinstate (in whole or in part)
    any of its obligations that were suspended.
 
    The occurrence of any of the events described in paragraphs a, b, and c
    above may be considered by the Bank in connection with a termination
    for Just Cause.
 
 
5
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
12.
Notices. All notices, requests, demands and other communications in 
connection with this Agreement shall be made in writing and shall be deemed 
to have been given when delivered by hand or 48 hours after mailing at any 
general or branch United States Post Office, by registered or certified 
mail, postage prepaid, addressed as follows, or to such other address as 
shall have been designated in writing by the addressee:
 
 
a.
If to the Bank:
 
    Sandy Spring Bank
    17801 Georgia Avenue
    Olney, Maryland  20832
    Attention:    Daniel J. Schrider, President

 
b.
If to the Officer:
 
    Joseph J. O’Brien, Jr.
    13630 Springstone Drive
       Clifton, VA 20124
 
13.
Amendments. No amendments or additions to this Agreement shall be binding 
unless made in writing and signed by all of the parties.
 
14.
Applicable Law. Except to the extent preempted by Federal law, the laws of 
the State of Maryland, without regard to its conflict of laws principles, 
shall govern this Agreement in all respects, whether as to its validity, 
construction, capacity, performance or otherwise.
 
15.
Severability. The provisions of this Agreement shall be deemed severable 
and the invalidity or unenforceability of any provision shall not affect 
the validity or enforceability of the other provisions hereof.
 
16
Headings. Headings contained herein are for convenience of reference only.
 
17. 
Entire Agreement. This Agreement, together with any understanding or 
modifications thereof as agreed to in writing by the parties, shall 
constitute the entire agreement among the parties hereto with respect to 
the subject matter hereof.
 
 
6
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Agreement on the 
date first set forth above.
 
 
  	
SANDY SPRING BANCORP, INC.

/s/ Daniel J. Schrider                                                    
Daniel J. Schrider, President and Chief Executive Officer
 
 
SANDY SPRING BANK
 
/s/ Daniel J. Schrider                                                    
Daniel J. Schrider, President and Chief Executive Officer
 
 
OFFICER
 
/s/ Joseph J. O’Brien, Jr.                                              
Joseph J. O’Brien, Jr.
 
 
 
7
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 