 EX-10.1 3 v201923_ex10-1.htm
 
CONSULTING AGREEMENT
 
THIS CONSULTING Agreement (the "Agreement") is made and entered into on the 
1st day of March, 2010 by and between B6 Sigma, Inc., a Delaware 
Corporation (the "Company"), and Zephyr Equities, Inc., a California 
Corporation ("Consultant").
 
WITNESSETH:

WHEREAS, the Company desires to engage the services of Consultant, to 
provide the services of Valerie Vekkos (“Vekkos”) to act as interim 
Secretary of the Company; and

WHEREAS, Consultant desires to provide services to the Company under the 
terms and conditions herein stated; and

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual premises, covenants and 
Agreements hereinafter set forth, the parties hereby agree as follows:

1.        Term.  The Company hereby engages the Consultant, and Consultant 
hereby accepts engagement hereunder, for a term of two year (the "Term") 
commencing on February 22, 2010.

2.        Duties.  The Consultant will provide the Company with the 
Services of Valerie Vekkos to act as the Secretary of the Company during 
the Term of the Agreement. As Corporate Secretary, Ms. Vekkos shall assist 
and advise the Company with respect to SEC reporting and other regulatory 
obligations and provide corporate secretarial and corporate governance 
services as required. The Consultant and Vekkos shall devote such time and 
efforts to the Company as Consultant in its sole discretion deems 
necessary.

3.        Compensation.  For Consultant's services hereunder, the Company 
shall pay to Consultant a monthly fee of $3,500 per month. Payment shall be 
made to the Consultant on the first day of each month.

4.        Expenses.  During the Term, Consultant shall be entitled to 
receive reimbursement for all reasonable business expenses incurred by 
Consultant in performing services hereunder, provided that Consultant 
properly accounts therefor.

5.        Relationship.  The Consultant shall be an independent contractor 
and not an employee of the Corporation. This Agreement shall not be 
construed to create between the Corporation and Consultant the relationship 
of principal or agent, employer and employee, joint venturers or 
co-partners.

 
1
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

6.            Restrictions Respecting Confidential Information, Competing 
Businesses, etc.

6.1           The Consultant acknowledges and agrees that by virtue of the 
Consultant's involvement with the business and affairs of the Company, the 
Consultant will develop substantial expertise and knowledge with respect to 
all aspects of the business, affairs and operations of the Company and will 
have access to significant aspects of the business and operations of the 
Company and to Confidential and Proprietary Information (as such term is 
hereinafter defined).  The Consultant acknowledges and agrees that the 
Company will be damaged if the Consultant were to breach any of the 
provisions of this Section 6 or if the Consultant were to disclose or make 
unauthorized use of any Confidential and Proprietary Information.  
Accordingly, the Consultant expressly acknowledges and agrees that the 
Consultant is voluntarily entering into this Agreement and that the terms, 
provisions and conditions of this Section 6 are fair and reasonable and 
necessary to adequately protect the Company and its interests and those of 
its shareholders.

6.2           For purposes of this Agreement, the term "Confidential and 
Proprietary Information" shall mean any and all (i) confidential or 
proprietary information or material not in the public domain about or 
relating to the business, operations, assets, financial condition, plans 
and/or prospects of the Company or its trade secrets, including, without 
limitation business improvements, processes, marketing and selling 
strategies; strategic business plans (whether pursued or not); budgets; 
unpublished financial statements; licenses; pricing, pricing strategy and 
cost data; information regarding the skills and compensation of Employees; 
the identities and contact information of clients and potential clients; 
intellectual property rights and strategies regarding intellectual property 
including any work on any patents, trademarks or tradenames; the terms of 
contractual concepts with clients and other third parties, pricing, timing, 
sales terms, methods, practices, strategies, forecasts; and (ii) any other 
information, documentation or material not in the public domain by virtue 
of any action by or on the part of the Consultant, the knowledge of which 
gives or may give the Company a competitive advantage over any entity not 
possessing such information. For purposes hereof, the term Confidential and 
Proprietary Information shall not include any information or material that 
(i) is or becomes known to the general public other than due to a breach of 
this Agreement by the Consultant, or (ii) is or was disclosed to the 
Consultant by a person or entity who the Consultant did not reasonably 
believe was bound to a confidentiality or similar agreement with the 
Company, or (iii) is currently known to the Consultant other than by reason 
of disclosure to it by the Company.

6.3           The Consultant hereby covenants and agrees that, while the 
Consultant is engaged by the Company and thereafter, unless otherwise 
authorized by the Company’s Board of Directors in writing, the Consultant 
shall not, directly or indirectly, under any circumstance:  (i) disclose to 
any other person or entity any Confidential and Proprietary Information 
(other than in the regular course of the Consultant's duties to the Company 
for the benefit of the Company), other than pursuant to applicable law, 
regulation or subpoena or with the prior written consent of the Company; 
(ii) act or fail to act so as to impair the confidential or proprietary 
nature of any Confidential and Proprietary Information; (iii) use any 
Confidential and Proprietary Information other than for the sole and 
exclusive benefit of the Company; or (iv) offer or agree to, or cause or 
assist in the inception or continuation of, any such disclosure, impairment 
or use of any Confidential and Proprietary Information.  Following the 
termination of the Consultant’s engagement hereunder, the Consultant shall 
return all documents, records and other items containing any Confidential 
and Proprietary Information to the Company (regardless of the medium in 
which maintained or stored), without retaining any copies, notes or 
excerpts thereof, or at the request of the Company, shall destroy such 
documents, records and items (any such destruction to be certified by the 
Consultant to the Company in writing).  Following the termination of the 
Consultant’s engagement hereunder, the Consultant shall return to the 
Company any property or assets of the Company in the Consultant's 
possession.

 
2
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
7.        Indemnification.     The Company shall indemnify, hold harmless 
and defend Consultant and Vekkos from and against any and all claims, 
causes of action, damages, penalties and costs which may result from their 
respective affiliation with or services provided to or on behalf of the 
Company.

    8.        General Provisions.

8.1           Notices.     All notices required to be given under the terms 
of this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly 
given only if delivered to the addressee in person or mailed by certified 
mail, return receipt requested, to the address as included in the Company's 
records or to any such other address as the party to receive the notice 
shall advise by due notice given in accordance with this paragraph.  Any 
party hereto may change its or his address for the purpose of receiving 
notices, demands and other communications as herein provided, by a written 
notice given in the manner aforesaid to the other party hereto.

8.2           Benefit of Agreement and Assignment.  This Agreement shall 
inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the parties hereto and their 
respective executors, administrators, successors and assigns; provided, 
however, that Consultant may not assign any of its rights or duties 
hereunder except upon the prior written consent of the Board of Directors 
of the Company.

8.3           Applicable Law. This Agreement is made in and is to be 
governed by and construed under the laws of the State of Delaware.

8.4           Captions.  The captions appearing at the commencement of the 
sections hereof are descriptive only and for convenience of reference only 
and are not intended to be part of or to affect the meaning or 
interpretation of this Agreement.

8.5           Severability.  In the event that any one or more of the 
provisions contained in this Agreement or in any other instrument referred 
to herein, shall, for any reason, be held to be invalid, illegal or 
unenforceable in any respect, then to the maximum extent permitted by law, 
such invalidity, illegality or unenforceability shall not affect any other 
provision of this Agreement or any other such instrument.
 
 
3
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

8.6           Entire Agreement.  This Agreement contains the entire 
Agreement of the parties, and supersedes any and all other Agreements, 
either oral or in writing, between the parties hereto with respect to the 
subject matter hereof.  Each party to this Agreement acknowledges that no 
representations, inducements, promises, or Agreements, oral or otherwise, 
have been made by either party, or anyone acting on behalf of either party, 
which are not embodies herein, and that no other Agreement, statement or 
promise not contained in this Agreement shall be valid or binding.

8.7           Amendments.  This Agreement may be modified or amended only 
by an Agreement in writing signed by the Company and Consultant.

8.8           Waiver.  No waiver of any provision hereof shall be valid 
unless made in writing and signed by the party making the waiver.  No 
waiver of any provision of this Agreement shall constitute a waiver of any 
other provision, whether or not similar, nor shall any waiver constitute a 
continuing waiver.

8.9 Attorneys' Fees.  Should any party hereto institute any action or 
proceeding at law or in equity, or in connection with any arbitration, to 
enforce any provision of this Agreement, including an action for 
declaratory relief, or for damages by reason of an alleged breach of any 
provision of this Agreement, or otherwise in connection with this 
Agreement, or any provision hereof, each party shall be responsible for the 
payment of its own respective legal fees and costs in such action or 
proceeding.

8.10 Representations and Warranties.  Each party hereto represents and 
warrants that it or he has the power and authority to execute and deliver 
this Agreement and to perform its or his obligations hereunder.

8.11 Compliance with Laws and Policies.  Consultant agrees that it will at 
all times comply strictly with all applicable laws and all current and 
future policies of the Company.

8.12 Arbitration.  Any dispute or controversy arising under or in 
connection with this Agreement, other than matters pertaining to injunctive 
relief, including, without limitation, temporary restraining orders, 
preliminary injunctions and permanent injunctions, shall, upon the written 
demand of either party served upon the other party, be submitted to 
arbitration.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, this Agreement is executed on the day and year first 
above written.

B6 SIGMA, INC.
  	
 ZEPHYR EQUITIES, INC.
  	  	 
By:
  	  	
 By:
  	 
  	
Richard Mah, CEO
  	
Valerie, Vekkos, President
 
 
4
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

