 EX-10.35 7 a2200874zex-10_35.htm 10.35
EXHIBIT 10.35
 
FORM OF AMENDMENT NO. 3 TO EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT
 
AMENDMENT NO. 3 TO THE EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT (this “Amendment”) made as of 
the     th day of November, 2010 by and between AEROFLEX INCORPORATED, a 
Delaware corporation (hereinafter the “Company”) and CHARLES BADLATO 
(hereinafter the “Executive” and together with the Company, the “Parties”).
 
WITNESSETH:
 
WHEREAS, the Parties entered into an Employment Agreement dated November 6, 
2003, as amended in July, 2008 and on December 31, 2008 (the “Agreement”) 
under which the Parties agreed upon the terms pursuant to which the 
Executive would provide services to the Company as further described 
therein, and
 
WHEREAS, the parties desire to amend the Agreement to comply with Section 
409A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the “Code”), and the 
regulations and notices promulgated thereunder.
 
NOW, THEREFORE, the parties hereto agree as follows, effective as of the 
date hereof:
 
        1.                                      The last sentence of
        Section 6 of the Agreement is hereby amended and restated, which
        shall read in its entirety as follows:
         
        “In addition, Employee shall be entitled to a car allowance in the
        amount of $600 per month, such amount to be paid monthly in
        accordance with the normal payroll practices of the Company.”
         
        2.                                      Section 8(e)(iii) is hereby
        amended and restated, which shall read in its entirety as follows:
         
        “(iii)  In the event of Termination Without Cause, the Employee
        shall be entitled to receive any Bonus awarded but not yet paid to
        him, and, for the greater of (x) remainder of the Term of
        Employment at the time of termination or (y) one year:
         
        (A)  Base Salary at the rate in effect on the date of his
        termination paid in accordance with the Company’s regular payroll
        practices, and
         
        (B) benefits under any employee benefit plans of the Company in
        which he participated or, as to any plans in which his continued
        participation is precluded, a lump sum payment of the after-tax
        cost to the Employee of equivalent benefits, such payment to be
 
1
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
        made as soon as practical following the Employee’s termination of
        employment.”
         
        3.                                      The second sentence of
        Section 8(f) of the Agreement is hereby amended and restated, which
        shall read in its entirety as follows:
         
        “Upon such termination, the Employee shall receive immediately in a
        lump sum an amount equal to three times the sum of (i) his annual
        Base Salary and (ii) the amount of any Bonus payable to him for the
        last completed fiscal year less $100.  Notwithstanding the
        foregoing, if all or any portion of the payments and/or benefits
        provided under this Agreement, and/or any other payments and
        benefits that the Employee receives or is entitled to receive from
        the Company, its subsidiaries or any of its affiliates, constitutes
        an excess “parachute payment” within the meaning of Section 280G(b)
        of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, (the “Code”)
        (each such parachute payment, a “Parachute Payment”) and will
        result in the imposition on the Employee of an excise tax under
        Section 4999 of the Code, then, the Parachute Payments shall
        instead be reduced to the aggregate amount of Parachute Payments
        that may be made to the Employee without incurring such excise tax,
        as determined by the Company’s independent auditors.  Any such
        reduction in the preceding sentence shall be done first by reducing
        any cash payments with the last payment reduced first; next any
        equity or equity derivatives that are included under Section 280G
        of the Code at full value rather than accelerated value; next any
        equity or equity derivatives based on acceleration value shall be
        reduced with the highest value reduced first (as such values are
        determined under Treasury Regulation Section 1.280G-1, Q&A 24);
        finally any other non-cash benefits will be reduced.”
         
        4.                                      A new Section 8(k) of the
        Agreement is hereby added, which shall read in its entirety as
        follows:
         
        “(k) Payments; Compliance with Section 409A of the Code.  
        Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, if (i) the
        Employee is to receive payments or benefits under Section 8 by
        reason of his separation from service (as such term is defined in
        Section 409A of the Code) other than as a result of his death, (ii)
        the Employee is a “specified employee” within the meaning of Code
        Section 409A for the period in which the payment or benefits would
        otherwise commence, and (iii) such payment or benefit would
        otherwise subject the Employee to any tax, interest or penalty
        imposed under Section 409A of the Code (or any regulation
        promulgated thereunder) if the payment or benefit
 
2
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
        would commence within six months of a termination of the Employee’s
        employment, then such payment or benefit required under Section 8
        shall not commence until the first day which is at least six months
        after the termination of the Employee’s employment.  Such payments
        or benefits, which would have otherwise been required to be made
        over such six month period, shall be paid to the Employee in one
        lump sum payment or otherwise provided to the Employee as soon as
        administratively feasible after the first day which is at least six
        months after the termination of the Employee’s employment. 
        Thereafter, the payments and benefits shall continue, if
        applicable, for the relevant period set forth in Section 8.  For
        purposes of this Agreement, all references to “termination of
        employment” and other similar language shall be deemed to refer to
        the Employee’s “separation from service” as defined in Treasury
        Regulation Section 1.409A-1(h).”
         
5.             Except as specifically provided in and modified by this 
Amendment, the Agreement is in all other respects hereby ratified and 
confirmed and references to the Agreement shall be deemed to refer to the 
Agreement as modified by this Amendment.
 
6.             This Amendment may be executed in two or more counterparts, 
each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which taken together 
shall constitute one and the same instrument.
 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have executed this Amendment as of the 
day and year first above written.
 
 
AEROFLEX INCORPORATED
 
 
 
 
 
By:
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Charles Badlato
 
3
------------------------------------------------------------------------

