 EX-10.1 2 exh10_1.htm EXPENSE REIMBURSEMENT AGREEMENT
 


 
EXPENSE REIMBURSEMENT AGREEMENT
 
THIS EXPENSE REIMBURSEMENT AGREEMENT (the “Agreement”), dated as of 
November 8, 2010, is entered into by and between Tortoise Capital Resources 
Corporation (the “Company”), a Maryland corporation, and Tortoise Capital 
Advisors, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the “Adviser”).
 
WHEREAS, the Company is registered under the Investment Company Act of 
1940, as amended (the “1940 Act”), as a closed-end management company.
 
WHEREAS, the Company and the Adviser have entered into an Investment 
Advisory Agreement (“Advisory Agreement”), pursuant to which the Adviser 
provides investment management and advisory services to the Company for 
compensation based on the value of the average managed assets of the 
Company.  The defined terms used in this Agreement without definition are 
used herein as defined in the Advisory Agreement; and
 
WHEREAS, the Company and the Adviser entered into an Expense Reimbursement 
Agreement dated as of February 8, 2010 (the “Agreement”), and an Amended 
Expense Reimbursement Agreement dated as of August 9, 2010, covering the 
period from January 1, 2010 through December 31, 2010; and
 
WHEREAS, the Company and the Adviser have determined that it is appropriate 
and in the best interests of the Company for the Adviser to continue to 
reimburse the Company for certain amounts of expenses for a limited period 
of time.
 
NOW THEREFORE, the parties hereto agree as follows:
 
1.  EXPENSE REIMBURSEMENT.
 
The Adviser shall reimburse the Company for certain expenses incurred by 
the Company beginning January 1, 2011 and ending December 31, 2011.  For 
such time period, the Adviser shall reimburse the Company quarterly for 
expenses incurred by the Company in an amount equal to an annual rate of 
0.50% of the Company’s average monthly Managed Assets for such quarter.
 
To effect the expense reimbursement contemplated by this Agreement, the 
Company shall offset the desired amount of any such reimbursement against 
the investment advisory fee payable for such quarter pursuant to the 
Advisory Agreement.
 
2.  MISCELLANEOUS.
 
2.1  Captions.  The captions in this Agreement are included for convenience 
of reference only and in no other way define or delineate any of the 
provisions hereof or otherwise affect their construction or effect.
 
2.2  Interpretation.  Nothing herein contained shall be deemed to require 
the Company to take any action contrary to the Company’s governing 
documents, or any applicable statutory or regulatory requirement to which 
it is subject or by which it is bound, or to relieve or deprive the 
Company’s Board of Directors of its responsibility for and control of the 
conduct of the affairs of the Company.
 
2.3  Amendments.  This Agreement may be amended only by a written agreement 
signed by each of the parties hereto.
 
 
    IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have caused this Agreement to be signed 
by their respective officers thereunto duly authorized as of the day and 
year first above written.


                       TORTOISE CAPITAL RESOURCES CORPORATION



                       By:  /s/ Edward Russell 
                       Name:  Edward Russell
                       Title:    President



                       TORTOISE CAPITAL ADVISORS, L.L.C.



                       By:  /s/ Terry Matlack 
                       Name:  Terry Matlack
                       Title:    Managing Director

