 EX-10.1 2 coyoteexhibit101.htm FORM OF SUBSCRIPTION AGREEMENT
------------------------------------------------------------------------
------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXHIBIT 10.1
 
FORM OF SUBSCRIPTION AGREEMENT

Coyote Resources, Inc.
5490 Longley Lane,
Reno, Nevada 89511

Gentlemen:

1. Subscription. On the terms and subject to the conditions of this 
Subscription Agreement (“Subscription Agreement”), ______________ 
(“Investor”) hereby subscribes for __________( ______ ) shares of $.001 par 
value common stock (“Shares”) of Coyote Resources, Inc., a Nevada 
corporation (“Company”), at a purchase price of ____________ (______), or 
$1.00 per share (“Per Share Price”). In connection with the Shares being 
issued pursuant to the Subscription Agreement, the Investor shall receive 
_________ (______) warrants which will provide to the Investor the right to 
purchase _________ (______) shares of the Company’s common stock at a 
purchase price of $0.50 per share and which warrant shall expire three 
years from the date that the Company accepts the subscription contemplated 
by the provisions of this Subscription Agreement. The Warrant Agreement 
attached hereto as Exhibit A. The Per Price Share is subject to the 
anti-dilution provisions of Section 3 of this Subscription Agreement.

The Investor shall send:  (1) an executed copy of this Subscription 
Agreement; and (2) a wire transfer in immediately available U.S. funds for 
the full amount of the purchase price of the Shares for which the Investor 
is subscribing plus all wire transfer fees.

2.           Representations and Warranties.  In order to induce the 
Company to accept this subscription, the Investor hereby represents and 
warrants to, and covenants with, the Company as follows:

(a)           The Investor has received and carefully reviewed such 
information and documentation relating to the Company that the Investor has 
requested, including without limitation, the Company’s filings with the 
U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission;

(b)           The Investor has had a reasonable opportunity to ask 
questions of and receive answers from the Company concerning the Company 
and terms and conditions of his or her proposed investment in the Company, 
and all such questions, if any, have been answered to the full satisfaction 
of the Investor;

(c)           The Investor has such knowledge and expertise in financial 
and business matters that the Investor is capable of evaluating the merits 
and risks involved in an investment in the Shares;

(d)           The Investor understands that the Company has determined that 
the exemption from the registration provisions of the Securities Act of 
1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”), provided by Regulation S with 
respect to non U.S. purchasers is applicable to the offer and sale of the 
Shares, based, in part, upon the representations, warranties and agreements 
made by the Investor herein;
 
 
1
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

 
(e)           Except as set forth herein, no representations or warranties 
have been made to the Investor by the Company or any agent, employee or 
affiliate of the Company and in entering into this transaction the Investor 
is not relying upon any information, other than the results of independent 
investigation by the Investor;

(f)           The Investor acknowledges that it has been called to his or 
her attention by those persons with whom the Investor has dealt in 
connection with his or her proposed investment in the Company, that the 
Company has a limited operating history with limited revenues and the 
Company may never have any significant revenues or earnings, and that the 
Investor’s proposed investment in the Company involves significant risks 
which may result in the loss of that investment, or a portion thereof;

(g)           The Investor has full power and authority to execute and 
deliver this Subscription Agreement and to perform the obligations of the 
Investor hereunder and this Subscription Agreement is a legally binding 
obligation of the Investor in accordance with its terms; and

(h)           Regulation S.

(i)           The Investor understands and acknowledges that (A) the Shares 
acquired pursuant to this Subscription Agreement have not been registered 
under the Securities Act and are being sold in reliance upon an exemption 
from registration afforded by Regulation S; and that such Shares have not 
been registered with any state securities commission or authority; (B)  
pursuant to the requirements of Regulation S, the Shares may not be 
transferred, sold or otherwise exchanged unless in compliance with the 
provisions of Regulation S and/or pursuant to registration under the 
Securities Act, or pursuant to an available exemption thereunder; and (C) 
other than as set forth in this Subscription Agreement between the Company 
and the Investor, the Company is under no obligation to register the Shares 
under the Securities Act or any state securities law, or to take any action 
to make any exemption from any such registration provisions available.

(ii)           (A) The Investor is not a U.S. person and is not acquiring 
the Shares for the account of any U.S. person; (B) if a corporation, it is 
not organized or incorporated under the laws of the United States; (C) if a 
corporation, no director or executive officer is a national or citizen of 
the United States; and (D) it is not otherwise deemed to be a “U.S. Person” 
within the meaning of Regulation S.

(iii)           The Investor, if not an individual, was not formed 
specifically for the purpose of acquiring the Shares purchased pursuant to 
this Subscription Agreement.

(iv)           The Investor is purchasing the Shares for its own account 
and risk and not for the account or benefit of a U.S. Person as defined in 
Regulation S and no other person has any interest in or participation in 
the Shares or any right, option, security interest, pledge or other 
interest in or to the Shares. The Investor understands, acknowledges and 
agrees that it must bear the economic risk of its investment in the Shares 
for an indefinite period of time and that prior to any such offer or sale, 
the Company may require, as a condition to effecting a transfer of the 
Shares, an opinion of counsel, acceptable to the Company, as to the 
registration or exemption therefrom under the Securities Act and any state 
securities acts, if applicable.
 
 
2
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

 
(v)           The Investor will, after the expiration of the restricted 
period, as set forth under Rule 903 of Regulation S, offer, sell, pledge or 
otherwise transfer the Shares only in accordance with Regulation S, or 
pursuant to an available exemption under the Securities Act and, in any 
case, in accordance with applicable state securities laws.  The 
transactions contemplated by this Subscription Agreement have neither been 
pre-arranged with a purchaser who is in the United States or who is a U.S. 
Person, nor are they part of a plan or scheme to evade the registration 
provisions of the United States federal securities laws.

(vi)           The offer leading to the sale evidenced hereby was made in 
an “offshore transaction.”  For purposes of Regulation S, the Investor 
understands that an “offshore transaction” as defined under Regulation S is 
any offer or sale not made to a person in the United States and either (A) 
at the time the buy order is originated, the purchaser is outside the 
United States, or the seller or any person acting on his behalf reasonably 
believes that the purchaser is outside the United States; or (B) for 
purposes of (1) Rule 903 of Regulation S, the transaction is executed in, 
or on or through a physical trading floor of an established foreign 
exchange that is located outside the United States or (2) Rule 904 of 
Regulation S, the transaction is executed in, on or through the facilities 
of a designated offshore securities market, and neither the seller nor any 
person acting on its behalf knows that the transaction has been prearranged 
with a buyer in the United States.

(vii)           Neither the Investor nor any affiliate of the Investor or 
any person acting on its behalf, has made or is aware of any “directed 
selling efforts” in the United States, which is defined in Regulation S to 
be any activity undertaken for the purpose of, or that could reasonably be 
expected to have the effect of, conditioning the market in the United 
States for any of the Shares being purchased hereby.

(viii)           The Investor understands that the Company is the seller of 
the Shares which are the subject of this Subscription Agreement, and that, 
for purpose of Regulation S, a “distributor” is any underwriter, dealer or 
other person who participates, pursuant to a contractual arrangement, in 
the distribution of securities offered or sold in reliance on Regulation S 
and that an “affiliate” is any partner, officer, director or any person 
directly or indirectly controlling, controlled by or under common control 
with any person in question.  The Investor agrees that it will not, during 
the restricted period set forth under Rule 903 of Regulation S, act as a 
distributor, either directly or though any affiliate, nor shall it sell, 
transfer, hypothecate or otherwise convey the Shares other than to a 
non-U.S. Person.

(ix)           The Investor acknowledges that the Shares will bear a legend 
in substantially the following form:

    THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE HAVE BEEN OFFERED AND
    SOLD IN AN “OFFSHORE TRANSACTION” IN RELIANCE UPON REGULATION S AS
    PROMULGATED BY THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION. ACCORDINGLY, THE
    SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED
    UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933 (THE “SECURITIES ACT”) AND MAY NOT BE
    TRANSFERRED OTHER THAN IN ACCORDANCE WITH REGULATION S, PURSUANT TO
    REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, OR PURSUANT TO AN AVAILABLE
    EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRA­TION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, THE AVAILABILITY
    OF WHICH IS TO BE ESTABLISHED TO THE SATISFACTION OF THE COMPANY.  THE
    SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE CANNOT BE THE SUBJECT OF
    HEDGING TRANSACTIONS UNLESS SUCH TRANSACTIONS ARE CONDUCTED IN
    COMPLIANCE WITH THE SECURITIES ACT.

3. The Investor understands that this subscription is not binding upon the 
Company until the Company accepts it, which acceptance is at the sole 
discretion of the Company and is to be evidenced by the Company’s execution 
of this Subscription Agreement where indicated.  This Subscription 
Agreement shall be null and void if the Company does not accept it as 
aforesaid.  The Investor further understands that all the offering proceeds 
will be placed directly in the Company’s bank account.  In the event the 
Company does not accept the offering proceeds, the offering will not be 
completed and all offering proceeds will thereafter be promptly returned to 
investors without interest or deduction.

 
3
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
4. The Investor has no right to require that the Shares be registered 
pursuant to the provisions of the Securities Act, or otherwise.  The 
Investor further acknowledges and agrees that the Company has no obligation 
to assist the Investor in obtaining any exemption from any registration 
requirements imposed by applicable law. The Investor also acknowledges and 
agrees that he or she shall be responsible for compliance with all 
conditions on transfer imposed by a securities administrator or similar 
person of any state, province or territory.

5. The Investor understands that the Company may, in its sole discretion, 
reject this subscription, in whole or in part, and/or reduce this 
subscription in any amount and to any extent, whether or not pro rata 
reductions are made of any other investor’s subscription.

6. The Investor agrees to indemnify the Company and hold it harmless from 
and against any and all losses, damages, liabilities, costs and expenses 
which it may sustain or incur in connection with the breach by the Investor 
of any representation, warranty or covenant made by the Investor.

7. Neither this Subscription Agreement nor any of the rights of the 
Investor hereunder may be transferred or assigned by the Investor.

8. Except as otherwise provided herein, this Subscription Agreement (i) may 
only be modified by a written instrument executed by the Investor and the 
Company; (ii) sets forth the entire agreement of the Investor and the 
Company with respect to the subject matter hereof; (iii) shall be governed 
by the laws of the State of Nevada applicable to contracts made and to be 
wholly performed therein; and (iv) shall inure to the benefit of, and be 
binding upon the Company and the Investor and their respective heirs, legal 
representatives, successors and permitted assigns.

9. Unless the context otherwise requires, all personal pronouns used in 
this Subscription Agreement, whether in the masculine, feminine or neuter 
gender, shall include all other genders.

10. All notices or other communications hereunder shall be in writing and 
shall be deemed to have been duly given if delivered personally or mailed 
by certified or registered mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, 
as follows:  if to the Investor, to the address set forth on the signature 
page hereto; and if to the Company, to 5490 Longley Lane, Reno, Nevada 
89511, Attention: President or to such other address as the Company or the 
Investor shall have designated to the other by like notice.

 
4
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

SIGNATURE PAGE

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Investor has executed this Subscription Agreement 
this _____ day of November 2010.

Number of Shares Subscribed for _________

Subscription Amount: _________
 
Organization Signature:
  	
Individual Signature:
 
  	  	  	 
  	  	  	 
  	  	
Signature
 
  	  	  	 
 By: 	  	  	  	 
Name:
  	
Print Name
 
Title:
  	  	 
  	  	  	 
  	  	
Additional Signature of Joint Owner
 
  	  	  	 
  	  	  	 
  	  	
Print Name
 

(All Subscribers should please print information below exactly
as you wish it to appear in the records of the Company)
 
  	  	  	 
Name
  	
Social Security Number of Individual
 
  	  	
or other Taxpayer I.D. Number
 
  	  	  	 
Address:
  	
Address for notices if different:
 
  	  	  	 
  	  	  	 
Number and Street
  	
Number and Street
 
  	  	  	 
  	  	  	 
City 	 Country 	Postal Code 	  	City 	 Country 	Postal Code 	 

Please check the box to indicate form of ownership (if applicable):
 
tenants-in-common ÿ
(Both Parties must sign above)
 
joint tenants with right of survivorship ÿ
(Both Parties must sign above)
 
community property ÿ
(Both Parties must sign above)

 
5
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
ACCEPTANCE OF SUBSCRIPTION



The foregoing subscription is hereby accepted by Coyote Resources, Inc. 
this _________ day of November 2010.

  	
Coyote Resources, Inc.
 
  	  	  	 
 
By:
/s/ Earl Abbott 	 
  	  	Name: Earl Abbott 	 
  	  	Title: President 	 
  	  	  	 

6
------------------------------------------------------------------------