 EX-10.4 7 c08131exv10w4.htm EXHIBIT 10.4
    	  	  	  	 

  Exhibit 10.4

  SELECT MEDICAL HOLDINGS CORPORATION
  RESTRICTED STOCK AWARD AGREEMENT UNDER THE
  2005 EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN FOR NON-EMPLOYEE DIRECTORS

  This Restricted Stock Award Agreement (this “Agreement”) is made as of
  August 11, 2010 (the “Effective Date”), between SELECT MEDICAL HOLDINGS
  CORPORATION, a Delaware corporation (the “Company”), and JAMES S. ELY,
  III, an individual (the “Participant”).

  WHEREAS, the Company has adopted the 2005 Equity Incentive Plan for
  Non-Employee Directors, amended and restated as of August 12, 2009 (the “
  Plan”), all of the terms and provisions of which are incorporated herein
  by reference and made a part hereof;

  WHEREAS, the Participant serves as an independent member of the Board of
  Directors of the Company;

  WHEREAS, in order to provide an incentive to the Participant to serve as
  an independent member of the Board of Directors of the Company, the
  Company has approved and authorized the issuance of certain shares of the
  Common Stock of the Company, par value $.001 per share (the “Stock”), to
  the Participant, subject to the terms of the Plan and this Agreement; and

  WHEREAS, all capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the
  meanings set forth in the Plan.

  NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the services to be rendered by the
  Participant as an independent member of the Board of Directors of the
  Company, and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and
  sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the Company and the
  Participant agree to the terms and conditions set forth herein.

  1. Award of Restricted Stock. The Company hereby awards and issues to the
  Participant, effective as of the date hereof, 5,000 shares of Stock (the
  “Restricted Stock”).

  2. Vesting Schedule. Subject to the further provisions of this Agreement,
  and the Participant’s continued service as an independent member of the
  Board of Directors of the Company, on the applicable vesting date,
  commencing on August 11, 2011 and on August 11 of each year thereafter,
  20% of the shares of Restricted Stock shall vest, so that the following
  number of shares of Restricted Stock shall have vested:
    	  	  	  	 
    	  	Cumulative Shares of 	 
  Vesting Dates 	  	Restricted Stock Vested 	 
     
    	  	  	 
    August 11, 2011
    	  	1,000 	 
     
    	  	 
    August 11, 2012
    	  	2,000 	 
     
    	  	 
    August 11, 2013
    	  	3,000 	 
     
    	  	 
    August 11, 2014
    	  	4,000 	 
     
    	  	 
    August 11, 2015
    	  	5,000 	 
     
    	  	 

   

   

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

  Subject to Section 5 hereof, the period beginning on the date hereof
  through and including the vesting date for any shares of Restricted Stock
  shall be referred to herein as the “Restricted Period” with respect to
  such shares of Restricted Stock.

  3. Transferability. Shares of Restricted Stock which have not vested may
  not be sold, assigned, transferred, pledged, or otherwise disposed of
  under any circumstances during the applicable Restricted Period, except
  that such shares may be transferred to a Permitted Transferee who agrees
  in writing (in a form satisfactory to the Company and its counsel) to be
  bound by this Agreement to the same extent as the Participant, and any
  such transferred shares shall continue to be subject to forfeiture upon
  the Participant’s termination of service as an independent member of the
  Board of Directors of the Company as provided herein. The Restricted
  Stock shall not be subject to execution, attachment or similar process
  during the applicable Restricted Period. Upon any attempt to transfer,
  assign, pledge, or otherwise dispose of the Restricted Stock during the
  applicable Restricted Period contrary to the provisions of the Plan or
  this Agreement, or upon the levy of any attachment or similar process
  upon the Restricted Stock during the applicable Restricted Period, the
  Restricted Stock shall immediately be forfeited to the Company and cease
  to be outstanding.

  4. Forfeiture of Restricted Stock. All unvested shares of Restricted
  Stock shall immediately be forfeited to the Company and cease to be
  outstanding upon the termination of the Participant’s service as an
  independent member of the Board of Directors of the Company. The
  Participant acknowledges that neither the Participant nor the
  Participant’s estate will have any claim whatsoever against the Company
  or any Subsidiary related to any forfeiture of the Restricted Stock.

  5. Acceleration of Vesting Upon Change of Control. Upon a Change of
  Control all Restricted Periods shall terminate and all outstanding shares
  of Restricted Stock shall be vested in full and all limitations on such
  Restricted Stock set forth in this Agreement shall automatically lapse.

  6. Plan Governing. The Participant hereby acknowledges receipt of a copy
  of the Plan and accepts and agrees to be bound by all of the terms and
  conditions of the Plan as if set out verbatim in this Agreement. In the
  event of a conflict between the terms of the Plan and the terms of this
  Agreement, the terms of the Plan shall control.

  7. Miscellaneous. This Agreement may be amended only by written agreement
  of the Participant and the Company and may be amended without the consent
  of any other person. The provisions of this Agreement shall be binding
  upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective
  successors, representatives, heirs, descendants, distributees and
  permitted assigns. This Agreement may be executed in any number of
  counterparts, each of which shall be an original, with the same effect as
  if the signatures thereto and hereto were upon the same instrument.

  IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Agreement effective as
  of the Effective Date.

   

  2

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 

    	  	  	  	 
    	SELECT MEDICAL HOLDINGS CORPORATION
    	 
    	By:   	/s/ Robert A. Ortenzio   	 
    	  	Name:   	Robert A. Ortenzio  	 
    	  	Title:   	Chief Executive Officer  	 
   
    	PARTICIPANT:
    	 
    	/s/ James S. Ely, III   	 
    	James S. Ely, III  	 

   

  3