 EX-10.34 2 v201922_ex10-34.htm
EXECUTION VERSION

THIRD AMENDED AND RESTATED
CREDIT AGREEMENT

Dated as of November 10, 2010

Among

STANDARD MOTOR PRODUCTS, INC. and
STANRIC, INC.,

as Borrowers,

THE OTHER CREDIT PARTIES SIGNATORY HERETO,
as Credit Parties,
THE LENDERS SIGNATORY HERETO
FROM TIME TO TIME,
as Lenders,

GENERAL ELECTRIC CAPITAL CORPORATION,
as Agent and a Lender,

BANK OF AMERICA, N.A.,
as a Lender and as Co-Syndication Agent,

WELLS FARGO CAPITAL FINANCE, LLC
as a Lender and as Co-Syndication Agent

And

JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A.
as a Lender and as Documentation Agent

 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
1.
AMOUNT AND TERMS OF CREDIT
2
  	
1.1.
Credit Facilities
2
  	
1.2.
Letters of Credit
4
  	
1.3.
Prepayments
6
  	
1.4.
Use of Proceeds
7
  	
1.5.
Interest and Applicable Margins
8
  	
1.6.
Eligible Accounts
10
  	
1.7.
Eligible Inventory
12
  	
1.8.
Cash Management Systems
14
  	
1.9.
Fees
14
  	
1.10.
Receipt of Payments
15
  	
1.11.
Application and Allocation of Payments
15
  	
1.12.
Loan Account and Accounting
16
  	
1.13.
Indemnity
16
  	
1.14.
Access
17
  	
1.15.
Taxes
18
  	
1.16.
Capital Adequacy; Increased Costs; Illegality
19
  	
1.17.
Single Loan
20
  	
1.18.
Increase of the Maximum Amount by Borrowers
20
  	  	  	 
2.
CONDITIONS PRECEDENT
22
  	
2.1.
Conditions to the Initial Loans
22
  	
2.2.
Further Conditions to Each Loan
23
  	  	  	 
3.
REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES
24
  	
3.1.
Corporate Existence; Compliance with Law
24
  	
3.2.
Executive Offices, Collateral Locations, FEIN
24
  	
3.3.
Corporate Power, Authorization, Enforceable Obligations
24
  	
3.4.
Financial Statements and Projections
25
  	
3.5.
Material Adverse Effect
25
  	
3.6.
Ownership of Property; Liens
26
  	
3.7.
Labor Matters
26
  	
3.8.
Ventures, Subsidiaries and Affiliates; Outstanding Stock and Indebtedness
27
  	
3.9.
Government Regulation
27
  	
3.10.
Margin Regulations
27
  	
3.11.
Taxes
28
  	
3.12.
ERISA
28
  	
3.13.
No Litigation
29
  	
3.14.
Brokers
29
  	
3.15.
Intellectual Property
29
  	
3.16.
Full Disclosure
29
  	
3.17.
Environmental Matters
30
  	
3.18.
Insurance
30
  	
3.19.
Deposit and Disbursement Accounts
30

 
i
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

  	
3.20.
Government Contracts
31
  	
3.21.
Customer and Trade Relations
31
  	
3.22.
Agreements and Other Documents
31
  	
3.23.
Solvency
31
  	
3.24.
Subordinated Debt
31
  	
3.25.
Anti-Terrorism Laws
32
  	
3.26.
Trading with the Enemy
32
  	  	  	 
4.
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND INFORMATION
33
  	
4.1.
Reports and Notices
33
  	
4.2.
Communication with Accountants
33
  	  	  	 
5.
AFFIRMATIVE COVENANTS
33
  	
5.1.
Maintenance of Existence and Conduct of Business
33
  	
5.2.
Payment of Charges
33
  	
5.3.
Books and Records
34
  	
5.4.
Insurance; Damage to or Destruction of Collateral.
34
  	
5.5.
Compliance with Laws
36
  	
5.6.
Supplemental Disclosure
36
  	
5.7.
Intellectual Property
36
  	
5.8.
Environmental Matters
37
  	
5.9.
Landlords’ Agreements, Mortgagee Agreements, Bailee Letters and Real Estate 
Purchases
37
  	
5.10.
Further Assurances
38
  	
5.11.
Intentionally Omitted
38
  	
5.12.
BSE Sale
38
  	  	  	 
6.
NEGATIVE COVENANTS
38
  	
6.1.
Mergers, Subsidiaries, Etc
38
  	
6.2.
Investments; Loans and Advances
41
  	
6.3.
Indebtedness
41
  	
6.4.
Employee Loans and Affiliate Transactions
42
  	
6.5.
Capital Structure and Business
43
  	
6.6.
Guaranteed Indebtedness
43
  	
6.7.
Liens
44
  	
6.8.
Sale of Stock and Assets
44
  	
6.9.
ERISA
44
  	
6.10.
Financial Covenants
44
  	
6.11.
Hazardous Materials
45
  	
6.12.
Sale Leasebacks
45
  	
6.13.
Cancellation of Indebtedness
45
  	
6.14.
Restricted Payments
45
  	
6.15.
Change of Corporate Name, State of Incorporation or Location; Change of 
Fiscal Year
45
  	
6.16.
No Impairment of Intercompany Transfers
46
  	
6.17.
No Speculative Transactions
46
  	
6.18.
Leases
46

 
ii
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

  	
6.19.
Changes Relating to Subordinated Debt; Material Contracts
46
  	
6.20.
Inactive Subsidiaries
47
  	
6.21.
No Amendment to Auto Supplier Program Documents
47
  	  	  	 
7.
TERM
47
  	
7.1.
Termination
47
  	
7.2.
Survival of Obligations Upon Termination of Financing Arrangements
47
  	  	  	 
8.
EVENTS OF DEFAULT; RIGHTS AND REMEDIES
47
  	
8.1.
Events of Default
47
  	
8.2.
Remedies
49
  	
8.3.
Waivers by Credit Parties
50
  	  	  	 
9.
ASSIGNMENT AND PARTICIPATIONS; APPOINTMENT OF AGENT
50
  	
9.1.
Assignment and Participations
50
  	
9.2.
Appointment of Agent
53
  	
9.3.
Agent’s Reliance, Etc
54
  	
9.4.
GE Capital and Affiliates
54
  	
9.5.
Lender Credit Decision
54
  	
9.6.
Indemnification
55
  	
9.7.
Successor Agent
55
  	
9.8.
Setoff and Sharing of Payments
56
  	
9.9.
Advances; Payments; Non-Funding Lenders; Information; Actions in Concert
56
  	
9.10.
Syndication and Documentation Agents
58
  	  	  	 
10.
SUCCESSORS AND ASSIGNS
58
  	
10.1.
Successors and Assigns
58
  	  	  	 
11.
MISCELLANEOUS
59
  	
11.1.
Complete Agreement; Modification of Agreement
59
  	
11.2.
Amendments and Waivers
59
  	
11.3.
Fees and Expenses
61
  	
11.4.
No Waiver
62
  	
11.5.
Remedies
62
  	
11.6.
Severability
63
  	
11.7.
Conflict of Terms
63
  	
11.8.
Confidentiality
63
  	
11.9.
GOVERNING LAW
63
  	
11.10.
Notices
64
  	
11.11.
Section Titles
64
  	
11.12.
Counterparts
64
  	
11.13.
WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL
65
  	
11.14.
Press Releases and Related Matters
65
  	
11.15.
Reinstatement
65
  	
11.16.
Advice of Counsel
65
  	
11.17.
No Strict Construction
66

 
iii
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

  	
11.18.
Reaffirmation of Collateral Documents
66
  	
11.19.
Certifications From Banks and Participants; US PATRIOT Act
66
  	  	  	 
12.
CROSS-GUARANTY
66
  	
12.1.
Cross-Guaranty
66
  	
12.2.
Waivers by Borrowers
67
  	
12.3.
Benefit of Guaranty
67
  	
12.4.
Subordination of Subrogation, Etc
67
  	
12.5.
Election of Remedies
68
  	
12.6.
Limitation
68
  	
12.7.
Contribution with Respect to Guaranty Obligations
68
  	
12.8.
Liability Cumulative
69

 
iv
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

INDEX OF APPENDICES
 
Annex A (Recitals)
Definitions
Annex B (Section 1.2)
Letters of Credit
Annex C (Section 1.8)
Cash Management System
Annex D-1 (Section 2.1(a))
Closing Checklist
Annex E (Section 4.1(a))
Financial Statements and Projections—Reporting
Annex F (Section 4.1(b))
Collateral Reports
Annex G (Section 6.10)
Financial Covenants
Annex H (Section 9.9(a))
Lenders’ Wire Transfer Information
Annex I (Section 11.10)
Notice Addresses
Annex J (from Annex A
Commitments as of Closing Date
Commitments definition)
 
  	 
Exhibit 1.1(a)(i)
Form of Notice of Revolving Credit Advance
Exhibit 1.1(a)(i)(A)
Form of Combined Notice of Revolving Credit Advance and Collateral Activity 
Report
Exhibit 1.1(a)(ii)
Form of Revolving Note
Exhibit 1.5(d)
Form of Notice of Conversion/Continuation
Exhibit 4.1(b)
Form of Borrowing Base Certificate
Exhibit 9.1(a)
Form of Assignment Agreement
Exhibit B-1
Application for Standby Letter of Credit
Exhibit B-2
Application and Agreement for Documentary Letter of Credit
Exhibit B-3
Application for Documentary Letter of Credit
  	 
Schedule 1.1
Agent’s Representatives
  	 
Disclosure Schedule 1.4
Sources and Uses; Funds Flow Memorandum
Disclosure Schedule 1.6
Customer Program Financial Institutions
Disclosure Schedule 3.1
Type of Entity; State of Organization
Disclosure Schedule 3.2
Executive Offices, Collateral Locations, FEIN
Disclosure Schedule 3.4(a)
Financial Statements
Disclosure Schedule 3.4(b)
Projections
Disclosure Schedule 3.6
Real Estate and Leases
Disclosure Schedule 3.7
Labor Matters
Disclosure Schedule 3.8
Ventures, Subsidiaries and Affiliates; Outstanding Stock
Disclosure Schedule 3.11
Tax Matters
Disclosure Schedule 3.12
ERISA Plans
Disclosure Schedule 3.13
Litigation
Disclosure Schedule 3.15
Intellectual Property
Disclosure Schedule 3.17
Hazardous Materials
Disclosure Schedule 3.18
Insurance
Disclosure Schedule 3.19
Deposit and Disbursement Accounts
Disclosure Schedule 3.20
Government Contracts
Disclosure Schedule 3.22
Agreements and Other Documents
Disclosure Schedule 5.1
Trade Names

 
v
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

Disclosure Schedule 6.2
Investments
Disclosure Schedule 6.3
Indebtedness
Disclosure Schedule 6.4(a)
Transactions with Affiliates
Disclosure Schedule 6.6
Guaranteed Indebtedness
Disclosure Schedule 6.7
Existing Liens
Disclosure Schedule E
Equipment subject to Capital Leases

 
vi
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

This THIRD AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT (this “Agreement”), dated 
as of November 10, 2010 among STANDARD MOTOR PRODUCTS, INC., a New York 
corporation (“SMP”) and STANRIC, INC., a Delaware corporation (“SI”) (SMP 
and SI are sometimes collectively referred to herein as the “Borrowers” and 
individually as a “Borrower”); the other Credit Parties signatory hereto; 
GENERAL ELECTRIC CAPITAL CORPORATION, a Delaware corporation (in its 
individual capacity, “GE Capital”), for itself, as a Lender, and as Agent 
for Lenders, BANK OF AMERICA, N.A., for itself, as a Lender, and as a 
Co-Syndication Agent, WELLS FARGO CAPITAL FINANCE, LLC, for itself as a 
Lender, and as a Co-Syndication Agent, JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A., for 
itself as a Lender, and as Documentation Agent and GE CAPITAL MARKETS, INC. 
as sole lead arranger and sole bookrunner and the other Lenders signatory 
hereto from time to time.
 
RECITALS
 
WHEREAS, Credit Parties and Original Lenders were parties to the Original 
Credit Agreement pursuant to which Original Lenders extended revolving 
credit facilities to Borrowers of up to One Hundred and Ninety Million 
Dollars ($190,000,000) in the aggregate (plus an optional Fifty Million 
Dollar ($50,000,000) accordion facility); and
 
WHEREAS, Borrowers have requested that Lenders (i) amend and restate the 
Original Credit Agreement and (ii) extend revolving credit facilities to 
Borrowers of up to One Hundred Ninety Million Dollars ($190,000,000) in the 
aggregate (plus an optional Fifty Million Dollar ($50,000,000) accordion 
facility) for the purpose of (a) providing working capital financing for 
the general corporate purposes of Borrowers and (b) providing funds for 
other purposes permitted hereunder; including, without limitation, the 
refinancing, repurchase and/or redemption of Subordinated Debt, on the 
terms and conditions set forth herein, and Lenders are willing to make 
certain loans and other extensions of credit to Borrowers upon the terms 
and conditions set forth herein; and
 
WHEREAS, Credit Parties have agreed to secure all of their obligations 
under the Loan Documents by granting to Agent, for the benefit of Agent and 
Lenders, a security interest in and lien upon substantially all of their 
existing and after-acquired personal and real property; and
 
WHEREAS, capitalized terms used in this Agreement shall have the meanings 
ascribed to them in Annex A and, for purposes of this Agreement and the 
other Loan Documents, the rules of construction set forth in Annex A shall 
govern.  All Annexes, Disclosure Schedules, Exhibits and other attachments 
(collectively, “Appendices”) hereto, or expressly identified to this 
Agreement, are incorporated herein by reference, and taken together with 
this Agreement, shall constitute but a single agreement.  These Recitals 
shall be construed as part of the Agreement.
 
NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and the mutual covenants 
hereinafter contained, and for other good and valuable consideration, the 
parties hereto agree as follows:

 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

AMENDMENT AND RESTATEMENT
 
As of the date of this Agreement, the terms, conditions, covenants, 
agreements, representations and warranties contained in the Original Credit 
Agreement shall be deemed amended and restated in their entirety as follows 
and the Original Credit Agreement shall be consolidated with and into and 
superseded by this Agreement without breaking continuity; provided, 
however, that nothing contained in this Agreement shall impair, limit or 
affect the security interests heretofore granted, pledged and or assigned 
to Agent as security for the Obligations under the Original Credit 
Agreement and this Agreement does not constitute a novation of the Original 
Credit Agreement or the security interests granted in connection therewith. 
 Outstanding Revolving Credit Advances under the Original Credit Agreement 
shall constitute Revolving Credit Advances under this Agreement.  
Outstanding Letter of Credit Obligations under the Original Credit 
Agreement shall constitute Letter of Credit Obligations under this 
Agreement
 
1.
AMOUNT AND TERMS OF CREDIT
 
1.1.        Credit Facilities.
 
(a)          Revolving Credit Facility.
 
(i)            Subject to the terms and conditions hereof each Lender 
agrees to make available to Borrowers from time to time until the 
Commitment Termination Date its Pro Rata Share of advances (each, a “
Revolving Credit Advance”).  The Pro Rata Share of the Revolving Loans of 
any Lender shall not at any time exceed its separate Commitment.  The 
obligations of each Lender hereunder shall be several and not joint.  Until 
the Commitment Termination Date, Borrowers may borrow, repay and reborrow 
under this Section 1.1(a)(i); provided that the amount of any Revolving 
Credit Advance to be made at any time shall not exceed Borrowing 
Availability at such time.  Borrowing Availability may be reduced by 
Reserves imposed by Agent in its reasonable credit judgment.  Moreover, 
Revolving Loans outstanding to any Borrower shall not exceed at any time 
that Borrower’s separate Borrowing Base.  Each Revolving Credit Advance 
shall be made on notice by Borrower Representative on behalf of the 
applicable Borrower to one of the representatives of Agent identified in 
Schedule 1.1 at the address specified therein.  Any such notice must be 
given no later than (1) noon (New York time) on the Business Day of the 
proposed Revolving Credit Advance, in the case of an Index Rate Loan, or 
(2) noon (New York time) on the date which is three (3) Business Days prior 
to the proposed Revolving Credit Advance, in the case of a LIBOR Loan.  
Each such notice must be given in writing (by telecopy or overnight 
courier) substantially in the form of Exhibit 1.1(a)(i) or, in the event 
that that the aggregate daily Aggregate Borrowing Availability (after 
giving effect to such requested Advance) for any day is $50,000,000 or 
less, then Borrowers shall submit a notice substantially in the form of 
Exhibit 1.1(a)(i)(A) (as applicable, a “Notice of Revolving Credit Advance
”), and shall include the information required in such Exhibit and such 
other information as may be reasonably required by Agent.  If any Borrower 
desires to have the Revolving Credit Advances bear interest by reference to 
a LIBOR Rate, Borrower Representative must comply with Section 1.5(d).  
Notwithstanding the foregoing to the contrary, in the event that Borrower 
Representative shall send notice to Agent (or one of Agent’s 
representatives identified on Schedule 1.1) that it requests a Revolving 
Loan at any time that the aggregate daily Aggregate Borrowing Availability 
(after giving effect to such Advance) for any day is $20,000,000 or less, 
then Borrowers shall submit, together with such notice, evidence that 
Borrowers are in compliance with the Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio required 
under item 1(a) of Annex G, which evidence shall consist of the most recent 
monthly financial statements already delivered to Agent pursuant to item 
(a) of Annex E for the twelve month period then ended.

 
2
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
(ii)           Except as provided in Section 1.12, each Borrower shall 
execute and deliver to each Lender a note to evidence the Commitment of 
that Lender.  Each note shall be in the principal amount of the Commitment 
of the applicable Lender, dated the Closing Date and substantially in the 
form of Exhibit 1.1(a)(ii) (each a “Revolving Note” and, collectively, the 
“Revolving Notes”).  Each Revolving Note shall represent the obligation of 
the applicable Borrower to pay the amount of the applicable Lender’s 
Commitment or, if less, such Lender’s Pro Rata Share of the aggregate 
unpaid principal amount of all Revolving Credit Advances to such Borrower 
together with interest thereon as prescribed in Section 1.5.  The entire 
unpaid balance of the aggregate Revolving Loan and all other non-contingent 
Obligations shall be immediately due and payable in full in immediately 
available funds on the Commitment Termination Date.
 
(iii)          Anything in this Agreement to the contrary notwithstanding, 
at the request of Borrower Representative, in its discretion Agent may (but 
shall have absolutely no obligation to), make Revolving Credit Advances to 
Borrowers on behalf of Lenders in amounts that cause the outstanding 
balance of the aggregate Revolving Loan to exceed the Aggregate Borrowing 
Base or which cause the outstanding balance of the Revolving Loan owing by 
any Borrower to exceed that Borrower’s separate Borrowing Base (any such 
excess Revolving Credit Advances are herein referred to collectively as “
Overadvances”) which the Agent, in its reasonable business judgment, deems 
necessary or desirable (a) to preserve or protect the Collateral, or any 
portion thereof, (b) to enhance the likelihood of, or maximize the amount 
of, repayment of the Revolving Loans and other Obligations, or (c) to pay 
any other amount chargeable to the Borrowers pursuant to the terms of this 
Agreement; provided that (A) no such event or occurrence shall cause or 
constitute a waiver of Agent’s or Lenders’ right to refuse to make any 
further Overadvances or Revolving Credit Advances, or incur any Letter of 
Credit Obligations, as the case may be, at any time that an Overadvance 
exists, and (B) no Overadvance shall result in a Default or Event of 
Default based on Borrowers’ failure to comply with Section 1.3(b)(i) for so 
long as Agent permits such Overadvances to be outstanding, but solely with 
respect to the amount of such Overadvance.  In addition, Overadvances may 
be made even if the conditions to lending set forth in Section 2 have not 
been met.  All Overadvances shall constitute Index Rate Loans, shall bear 
interest at the Default Rate and shall be payable on the earlier of demand 
or the Commitment Termination Date.  Except as otherwise provided in 
Section 1.11(b), the authority of Agent to make Overadvances is limited to 
an aggregate amount not to exceed $15,000,000 at any time, shall not cause 
the aggregate Revolving Loan to exceed the Maximum Amount, and may be 
revoked prospectively by a written notice to Agent (with a copy thereof to 
Borrower Representative) signed by Requisite Lenders.
 
(iv)          In no event, at any time, shall (x) the Aggregate Amortizing 
Availability included in determining the Aggregate Borrowing Base plus the 
SMP Canada Amortizing Availability exceed $25,000,000, and (y) the amount 
included in Aggregate Amortizing Availability based upon the Fair Market 
Value of Eligible Real Estate exceed 50% of such Aggregate Amortizing 
Availability.

 
3
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
(b)           At Borrowing Representative’s option, the Aggregate 
Amortizing Availability may be increased to an amount not to exceed the 
lesser of (x) $25,000,000 and (y) the sum of the SI Amortizing 
Availability, SMP Amortizing Availability and SMP Canada Amortizing 
Availability as calculated based upon the Reloading Appraisal, provided 
that (1) the option may only be exercised once, (2) at the time the option 
is exercised Agent shall have received a certificate of Borrower 
Representative certifying that no Default or Event of Default shall have 
occurred and be continuing as of the effective date of any such increase 
and (3) Agent shall have has no less than ten (10) Business Days to review 
the Reloading Appraisal and any concerns of Agent shall have been addressed 
to the reasonable satisfaction of Agent.
 
(c)           INTENTIONALLY OMITTED.
 
(d)           Reliance on Notices; Appointment of Borrower Representative.  
Agent shall be entitled to rely upon, and shall be fully protected in 
relying upon, any Notice of Revolving Credit Advance, any Notice of 
Conversion/Continuation or any similar notice believed by Agent to be 
genuine.  Agent may assume that each Person executing and delivering any 
notice in accordance herewith was duly authorized, unless the responsible 
individual acting thereon for Agent has actual knowledge to the contrary.  
Each Borrower hereby designates SMP as its representative and agent on its 
behalf for the purposes of issuing Notices of Revolving Credit Advances and 
Notices of Conversion/ Continuation, giving instructions with respect to 
the disbursement of the proceeds of the Loans, selecting interest rate 
options, requesting Letters of Credit, giving and receiving all other 
notices and consents hereunder or under any of the other Loan Documents and 
taking all other actions (including in respect of compliance with 
covenants) on behalf of any Borrower or Borrowers under the Loan Documents. 
 Borrower Representative hereby accepts such appointment.  Agent and each 
Lender may regard any notice or other communication pursuant to any Loan 
Document from Borrower Representative as a notice or communication from all 
Borrowers, and may give any notice or communication required or permitted 
to be given to any Borrower or Borrowers hereunder to Borrower 
Representative on behalf of such Borrower or Borrowers.  Each Borrower 
agrees that each notice, election, representation and warranty, covenant, 
agreement and undertaking made on its behalf by Borrower Representative 
shall be deemed for all purposes to have been made by such Borrower and 
shall be binding upon and enforceable against such Borrower to the same 
extent as if the same had been made directly by such Borrower.
 
1.2.        Letters of Credit.  Subject to and in accordance with the terms 
and conditions contained herein and in Annex B, Borrower Representative, on 
behalf of the applicable Borrower, shall have the right to request, and, 
Lenders agree to incur, or purchase participations in, Letter of Credit 
Obligations in respect of each Borrower.
 
1.2A.     Swap Related Reimbursement Obligations.
 
(a)          Borrowers agree to reimburse GE Capital in immediately 
available funds in the amount of any payment made by GE Capital under a 
Swap Related L/C (such reimbursement obligation, whether contingent upon 
payment by GE Capital under the Swap Related L/C or otherwise, being herein 
called a “Swap Related Reimbursement Obligation”).  No Swap Related 
Reimbursement Obligation for any Swap Related L/C may exceed the amount of 
the payment obligations owed by Borrowers under the interest rate 
protection or hedging agreement or transaction supported by the Swap 
Related L/C.

 
4
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

(b)          A Swap Related Reimbursement Obligation shall be due and 
payable by Borrowers within one (1) Business Day after the date on which 
the related payment is made by GE Capital under the Swap Related L/C.
 
(c)          Any Swap Related Reimbursement Obligation shall, during the 
period in which it is unpaid, bear interest at the rate per annum equal to 
the LIBOR Rate plus one percent (1%), as if the unpaid amount of the Swap 
Related Reimbursement Obligation were a LIBOR Loan, and not at any 
otherwise applicable Default Rate.  Such interest shall be payable upon 
demand.  The following additional provisions apply to the calculation and 
charging of interest on Swap Related Reimbursement Obligations by reference 
to the LIBOR Rate:
 
(i)            The LIBOR Rate shall be determined for each successive 
one-month LIBOR Period during which the Swap Related Reimbursement 
Obligation is unpaid, notwithstanding the occurrence of any Event of 
Default and even if the LIBOR Period were to extend beyond the Commitment 
Termination Date.
 
(ii)           If a Swap Related Reimbursement Obligation is paid during a 
monthly period for which the LIBOR Rate is determined, interest shall be 
prorated and charged for the portion of the monthly period during which the 
Swap Related Reimbursement Obligation was unpaid.  Section 1.3(b) shall not 
apply to any payment of a Swap Related Reimbursement Obligation during the 
monthly period.
 
(d)          Except as provided in the foregoing provisions of this Section 
1.2A and in Section 11.3, Borrowers shall not be obligated to pay to GE 
Capital or any of its Affiliates any Letter of Credit Fee, or any other 
fees, charges or expenses, in respect of a Swap Related L/C or arranging 
for any interest rate protection or hedging agreement or transaction 
supported by the Swap Related L/C.  GE Capital and its Affiliates shall 
look to the beneficiary of a Swap Related L/C for payment of any such 
letter of credit fees or other fees, charges or expenses and such 
beneficiary may factor such fees, charges, or expenses into the pricing of 
any interest rate protection or hedging arrangement or transaction 
supported by the Swap Related L/C.
 
(e)          If any Swap Related L/C is revocable prior to its scheduled 
expiry date, GE Capital agrees not to revoke the Swap Related L/C unless 
the Commitment Termination Date or an Event of Default has occurred.
 
(f)          GE Capital or any of its Affiliates shall be permitted to (i) 
provide confidential or other information furnished to it by any of the 
Credit Parties (including, without limitation, copies of any documents and 
information in or referred to in the Closing Checklist, Financial 
Statements and Compliance Certificates) to a beneficiary or potential 
beneficiary of a Swap Related L/C and (ii) receive confidential or other 
information from the beneficiary or potential beneficiary relating to any 
agreement or transaction supported or to be supported by the Swap Related 
L/C.  However, no confidential information shall be provided to any Person 
under this paragraph unless the Person has agreed to comply with the 
covenant substantially as contained in Section 11.8 of this Agreement.

 
5
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
1.3.        Prepayments.
 
(a)          Voluntary Prepayments.  Borrowers may at any time on at least 
five (5) days’ prior written notice by Borrower Representative to Agent 
terminate the Commitment; provided that upon such termination, all Loans 
and other Obligations shall be immediately due and payable in full and all 
Letter of Credit Obligations shall be cash collateralized or otherwise 
satisfied in accordance with Annex B.  Any such termination of the 
Commitment must be accompanied by the payment of any LIBOR funding breakage 
costs in accordance with Section 1.13(b).  Upon any termination of the 
Commitment, each Borrower’s right to request Revolving Credit Advances, or 
request that Letter of Credit Obligations be incurred on its behalf shall 
simultaneously be terminated.
 
(b)          Mandatory Prepayments.
 
(i)            If at any time the aggregate outstanding balances of the 
Revolving Loan exceed the lesser of (A) the Maximum Amount and (B) the 
Aggregate Borrowing Base, Borrowers shall immediately repay the aggregate 
outstanding Revolving Credit Advances to the extent required to eliminate 
such excess.  If any such excess remains after repayment in full of the 
aggregate outstanding Revolving Credit Advances, Borrowers shall provide 
cash collateral for the Letter of Credit Obligations in the manner set 
forth in Annex B to the extent required to eliminate such excess.  
Furthermore, if, at any time, the outstanding balance of the Revolving Loan 
of any Borrower exceeds that Borrower’s separate Borrowing Base, the 
applicable Borrower shall immediately repay its Revolving Credit Advances 
in the amount of such excess (and, if necessary, shall provide cash 
collateral for its Letter of Credit Obligations as described above).  
Notwithstanding the foregoing, any Overadvance made pursuant to Section 
1.1(a)(iii) shall be repaid in accordance with Section 1.1(a)(iii).
 
(ii)           Within three (3) Business Days after receipt by any Credit 
Party of cash proceeds of any asset disposition (excluding proceeds of 
asset dispositions permitted by Section 6.8 (a)), any sale leaseback 
permitted by Section 6.12 or any sale of Stock of any Subsidiary of any 
Credit Party (other than a sale to any Credit Party), Borrowers shall 
prepay the Loans in an amount equal to all such proceeds, net of (A) 
commissions and other reasonable and customary transaction costs, fees and 
expenses properly attributable to such transaction and payable by Borrowers 
in connection therewith (in each case, paid to non-Affiliates), (B) 
transfer or other related taxes, (C) amounts payable to holders of senior 
Liens on such assets (to the extent such Liens constitute Permitted 
Encumbrances hereunder), if any, (D) an appropriate reserve for income 
taxes in accordance with GAAP in connection therewith, and (E) amounts 
permitted to be retained by the Credit Parties in the form of cash or cash 
equivalents pursuant to Section 6.2 of this Agreement.  Any such prepayment 
shall be applied in accordance with Section 1.3(c).

 
6
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

(iii)          If any Borrower issues Stock to any non-Borrower or 
non-Credit Party third party for cash consideration, no later than the 
Business Day following the date of receipt of the proceeds thereof, the 
issuing Borrower shall prepay the Loans (and cash collateralize Letter of 
Credit Obligations) in an amount equal to all such proceeds, net of 
underwriting discounts and commissions and other reasonable costs paid to 
non-Affiliates in connection therewith.  Any such prepayment shall be 
applied in accordance with Section 1.3(c).
 
(c)          Application of Certain Mandatory Prepayments.  Any prepayments 
made by any Borrower pursuant to Sections 1.3(b)(ii) or (b)(iii) above 
shall be applied as follows: first, to Fees and reimbursable expenses of 
Agent then due and payable pursuant to any of the Loan Documents; second, 
to interest then due and payable on Revolving Credit Advances made to that 
Borrower; third, to the principal balance of Revolving Credit Advances 
outstanding to that Borrower until the same has been paid in full; fourth, 
to any Letter of Credit Obligations of such Borrower to provide cash 
collateral therefor in the manner set forth in Annex B, until all such 
Letter of Credit Obligations have been fully cash collateralized in the 
manner set forth in Annex B; fifth, to interest then due and payable on the 
Revolving Credit Advances outstanding to each other Borrower, pro rata; 
sixth, to the principal balance of the Revolving Credit Advances made to 
each other Borrower, pro rata, until the same has been paid in full; 
seventh, to any Letter of Credit Obligations of each other Borrower, pro 
rata, to provide cash collateral therefore in the manner set forth in Annex 
B, until all such Letter of Credit Obligations have been fully cash 
collateralized; eighth, to any Rate Protection Obligations and Swap Related 
Reimbursement Obligations which may be due and payable by such Borrower, 
ratably in proportion to the aggregate amounts owed as to each Rate 
Protection Obligation and unpaid Swap Related Reimbursement Obligation, as 
applicable, until the same have been paid in full; and ninth, to any Rate 
Protection Obligations and unpaid Swap Related Reimbursement Obligations 
which may be due and payable by each other Borrower, ratably in proportion 
to the aggregate amounts owed as to each such Rate Protection Obligation 
and Swap Related Reimbursement Obligation, as applicable, until the same 
have been paid in full.  The Commitment shall not be permanently reduced by 
the amount of any such prepayments.
 
(d)          Application of Prepayments from Insurance and Condemnation 
Proceeds.  Prepayments from insurance or condemnation proceeds in 
accordance with Section 5.4(c) and the Mortgage(s), respectively, shall be 
applied, to the Revolving Credit Advances of the Borrower that incurred 
such casualties or losses.  The Commitment shall not be permanently reduced 
by the amount of any such prepayments.  If insurance or condemnation 
proceeds received by a particular Borrower exceed the outstanding principal 
balances of the Loans to that Borrower, or if the precise amount of 
insurance or condemnation proceeds allocable to Inventory as compared to 
Equipment, Fixtures and Real Estate are not otherwise determined, the 
allocation and application of those proceeds shall be determined by Agent, 
subject to the approval of Requisite Lenders.
 
(e)          No Implied Consent.  Nothing in this Section 1.3 shall be 
construed to constitute Agent’s or any Lender’s consent to any transaction 
that is not permitted by other provisions of this Agreement or the other 
Loan Documents.
 
1.4.        Use of Proceeds.  Borrowers shall utilize the proceeds of the 
Loans solely for the financing of Borrowers’ ordinary working capital and 
general corporate needs, including, without limitation, to fund any 
refinancing, purchase or redemption of Subordinated Debt otherwise 
permitted pursuant to Section 6.14.  Disclosure Schedule (1.4) contains a 
description of Borrowers’ sources and uses of funds as of the Closing Date, 
including Loans and Letter of Credit Obligations to be made or incurred on 
that date, and a funds flow memorandum directing the Agent how funds from 
each source are to be transferred to particular uses.

 
7
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
1.5.        Interest and Applicable Margins.
 
(a)           (i)            Intentionally Omitted.
 
(ii)           On and after the Closing Date, Borrowers shall pay interest 
to Agent, for the ratable benefit of Lenders in accordance with the various 
Loans being made by each Lender, in arrears on each applicable Interest 
Payment Date, at a fluctuating rate equal to (A) the Index Rate plus the 
Applicable Revolver Index Margin per annum or (B) at the election of 
Borrower Representative, the applicable LIBOR Rate plus the Applicable 
Revolver LIBOR Margin per annum, in each case based on the aggregate 
Revolving Credit Advances outstanding from time to time.
 
(iii)          As of the Closing Date, the Applicable Margins are set at 
Level III of the Applicable Margin grid set forth below, and commencing 
upon receipt by Agent of Borrowers’ Borrowing Base Certificate for the 
period ended December 31, 2010 and in accordance with clause (iv) below, 
the Applicable Margins shall be subject to adjustment (up or down) 
prospectively based on Excess Formula Availability for the four Fiscal 
Quarters then ended, each in accordance with the following grids, which 
will be in effect on and after the Closing Date:
 
If Excess Formula Availability is:
  	
Level of Applicable
Margins
  	  	 
<$40 Million
  	
Level I
≥$40 Million but ≤$60 Million
  	
Level II
>$60 Million
  	
Level III

Applicable Margins
 
  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	 
  	  	
Level I
  	  	
Level II
  	  	
Level III
 
Applicable Revolver Index Margin
  	  	1.75 	% 	  	  	1.50 	% 	  	  	1.25 	%
Applicable Revolver LIBOR Margin
  	  	3.25 	% 	  	  	3.00 	% 	  	  	2.75 	%
Applicable L/C Fee Margin
  	  	3.25 	% 	  	  	3.00 	% 	  	  	2.75 	%
Applicable Unused Line Fee Margin
  	  	0.50 	% 	  	  	0.50 	% 	  	  	0.50 	%

(iii)           All adjustments in the Applicable Margins shall be 
implemented on a prospective basis on the first day of each Fiscal Quarter 
based upon Agent’s determination of Excess Formula Availability, for each 
calendar month.  If a Default or Event of Default has occurred and is 
continuing at the time any reduction in the Applicable Margins is to be 
implemented, that reduction shall be deferred until the first day of the 
first calendar month following the date on which such Default or Event of 
Default is waived or cured.

 
8
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
If any payment on any Loan becomes due and payable on a day other than a 
Business Day, the maturity thereof will be extended to the next succeeding 
Business Day (except as set forth in the definition of LIBOR Period) and, 
with respect to payments of principal, interest thereon shall be payable at 
the then applicable rate during such extension.
 
(b)           All computations of Fees calculated on a per annum basis and 
interest shall be made by Agent on the basis of a 360-day year, in each 
case for the actual number of days occurring in the period for which such 
interest and Fees are payable.  The Index Rate is a floating rate 
determined for each day.  Each determination by Agent of an interest rate 
and Fees hereunder shall be final, binding and conclusive on Borrowers, 
absent manifest error.
 
(c)           So long as an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing 
under Section 8.1(a), (h) or (i) or so long as any other Event of Default 
has occurred and is continuing and at the election of Agent (or upon the 
written request of Requisite Lenders) confirmed by written notice from 
Agent to Borrower Representative, the interest rates applicable to the 
Loans and the Letter of Credit Fees shall be increased by two percentage 
points (2%) per annum above the rates of interest or the rate of such 
Letter of Credit Fees otherwise applicable hereunder unless Agent (not 
having received any prior written request of Requisite Lenders and, in any 
event, subject to the consent of Requisite Lenders) elects to impose a 
smaller increase (“Default Rate”), and all outstanding Obligations shall 
bear interest at the Default Rate applicable to such Obligations.  Interest 
and Letter of Credit Fees at the Default Rate shall accrue from the initial 
date of such Event of Default until that Event of Default is cured or 
waived and shall be payable upon demand.
 
(d)           Subject to the conditions precedent set forth in Section 2.2, 
Borrower Representative shall have the option to (i) request that any 
Revolving Credit Advance be made as a LIBOR Loan, (ii) convert at any time 
all or any part of outstanding Loans from Index Rate Loans to LIBOR Loans, 
(iii) convert any LIBOR Loan to an Index Rate Loan, subject to payment of 
LIBOR breakage costs in accordance with Section 1.13(b) if such conversion 
is made prior to the expiration of the LIBOR Period applicable thereto, or 
(iv) continue all or any portion of any Loan as a LIBOR Loan upon the 
expiration of the applicable LIBOR Period and the succeeding LIBOR Period 
of that continued Loan shall commence on the first day after the last day 
of the LIBOR Period of the Loan to be continued.  Any Loan or group of 
Loans having the same proposed LIBOR Period to be made or continued as, or 
converted into, a LIBOR Loan must be in a minimum amount of $1,000,000 and 
integral multiples of $500,000 in excess of such amount.  Any such election 
must be made by noon (New York time) on the third Business Day prior to (1) 
the date of any proposed Advance which is to bear interest at the LIBOR 
Rate, (2) the end of each LIBOR Period with respect to any LIBOR Loans to 
be continued as such, or (3) the date on which Borrower Representative 
wishes to convert any Index Rate Loan to a LIBOR Loan for a LIBOR Period 
designated by Borrower Representative in such election.  If no election is 
received with respect to a LIBOR Loan by noon (New York time) on the third 
Business Day prior to the end of the LIBOR Period with respect thereto (or 
if a Default or an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or if 
the additional conditions precedent set forth in Section 2.2 shall not have 
been satisfied), that LIBOR Loan shall be converted to an Index Rate Loan 
at the end of its LIBOR Period.  Borrower Representative must make such 
election by notice to Agent in writing, by telecopy or overnight courier.  
In the case of any conversion or continuation, such election must be made 
pursuant to a written notice (a “Notice of Conversion/Continuation”) in the 
form of Exhibit 1.5(d).

 
9
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
(e)           Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in this 
Section 1.5, if a court of competent jurisdiction determines in a final 
order that the rate of interest payable hereunder exceeds the highest rate 
of interest permissible under law (the “Maximum Lawful Rate”), then so long 
as the Maximum Lawful Rate would be so exceeded, the rate of interest 
payable hereunder shall be equal to the Maximum Lawful Rate; provided, 
however, that if at any time thereafter the rate of interest payable 
hereunder is less than the Maximum Lawful Rate, Borrowers shall continue to 
pay interest hereunder at the Maximum Lawful Rate until such time as the 
total interest received by Agent, on behalf of Lenders, is equal to the 
total interest that would have been received had the interest rate payable 
hereunder been (but for the operation of this paragraph) the interest rate 
payable since the Closing Date as otherwise provided in this Agreement.  
Thereafter, interest hereunder shall be paid at the rate(s) of interest and 
in the manner provided in Sections 1.5(a) through (e), unless and until the 
rate of interest again exceeds the Maximum Lawful Rate, and at that time 
this paragraph shall again apply.  In no event shall the total interest 
received by any Lender pursuant to the terms hereof exceed the amount that 
such Lender could lawfully have received had the interest due hereunder 
been calculated for the full term hereof at the Maximum Lawful Rate.  If 
the Maximum Lawful Rate is calculated pursuant to this paragraph, such 
interest shall be calculated at a daily rate equal to the Maximum Lawful 
Rate divided by the number of days in the year in which such calculation is 
made.  If, notwithstanding the provisions of this Section 1.5(e), a court 
of competent jurisdiction shall finally determine that a Lender has 
received interest hereunder in excess of the Maximum Lawful Rate, Agent 
shall, to the extent permitted by law, promptly apply such excess in the 
order specified in Section 1.11 and thereafter shall refund any excess to 
Borrowers or as a court of competent jurisdiction may otherwise order.
 
1.6.        Eligible Accounts.  All of the Accounts owned by each Borrower 
and reflected in the most recent Borrowing Base Certificate delivered by 
each Borrower to Agent shall be “Eligible Accounts” for purposes of this 
Agreement, except any Account to which any of the exclusionary criteria set 
forth below applies.  Agent shall have the right to establish, modify or 
eliminate Reserves against Eligible Accounts from time to time in its 
reasonable credit judgment.  In addition, Agent reserves the right, at any 
time and from time to time after the Closing Date, to adjust any of the 
criteria set forth below, to establish new criteria and to adjust advance 
rates with respect to Eligible Accounts, in its reasonable credit judgment, 
subject to the approval of Supermajority Lenders in the case of adjustments 
or new criteria or changes in advance rates (subject to Section 
11.2(c)(vii)) or the elimination of Reserves (except no such approval shall 
be required with respect to the reduction or elimination of Reserves which 
may be established and maintained from time to time by Agent with respect 
to Rate Protection Obligations under Rate Protection Agreements) which have 
the effect of making more credit available.  Eligible Accounts shall not 
include any Account of any Borrower:
 
(a)          that does not arise from the sale of goods or the performance 
of services by such Borrower in the ordinary course of its business;

 
10
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

(b)          (i) upon which such Borrower’s right to receive payment is not 
absolute or is contingent upon the fulfillment of any condition whatsoever 
or (ii) as to which such Borrower is not able to bring suit or otherwise 
enforce its remedies against the Account Debtor through judicial process or 
(iii) if the Account represents a progress billing consisting of an invoice 
for goods sold or used or services rendered pursuant to a contract under 
which the Account Debtor’s obligation to pay that invoice is subject to 
such Borrower’s completion of further performance under such contract or is 
subject to the equitable lien of a surety bond issuer;
 
(c)          to the extent that any defense, counterclaim, setoff or 
dispute is asserted as to such Account or to the extent that any credits 
which have been issued have not been applied to an Account Debtor’s 
statement or account, but only to the extent of such defense, counterclaim, 
setoff, dispute, or credit;
 
(d)          that is not a true and correct statement of bona fide 
indebtedness incurred in the amount of the Account for merchandise sold to 
or services rendered and accepted by the applicable Account Debtor, 
including pre-billed items;
 
(e)          with respect to which an invoice, reasonably acceptable to 
Agent in form and substance, has not been sent to the applicable Account 
Debtor;
 
(f)           that (i) is not owned by such Borrower or (ii) is subject to 
any Lien of any other Person, other than Liens in favor of Agent, on behalf 
of itself and Lenders;
 
(g)          that arises from a sale to any director, officer, other 
employee or Affiliate of any Credit Party, or to any entity that has any 
common officer or director with any Credit Party;
 
(h)          that is the obligation of an Account Debtor that is the United 
States government or a political subdivision thereof, or any state, county 
or municipality or department, agency or instrumentality thereof unless 
Agent, in its sole discretion, has agreed to the contrary in writing and 
such Borrower, if necessary or desirable, has complied with respect to such 
obligation with the Federal Assignment of Claims Act of 1940, or any 
applicable state, county or municipal law restricting assignment thereof.
 
(i)           that is the obligation of an Account Debtor located in a 
foreign country other than Canada unless payment thereof is assured by a 
letter of credit assigned and delivered to Agent, reasonably satisfactory 
to Agent as to form, amount and issuer.
 
(j)           to the extent such Borrower or any Subsidiary thereof is 
liable for goods sold or services rendered by the applicable Account Debtor 
to such Borrower or any Subsidiary thereof but only to the extent of the 
potential offset;
 
(k)          that arises with respect to goods that are delivered on a bill 
and hold, cash on delivery basis or placed on consignment, guaranteed sale 
or other terms by reason of which the payment by the Account Debtor is or 
may be conditional;
 
(l)           that is in default; provided, that, without limiting the 
generality of the foregoing, an Account shall be deemed in default upon the 
occurrence of any of the following:
 
(i)            [Intentionally Omitted];

 
11
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
(ii)           the Account Debtor obligated upon such Account suspends 
business, makes a general assignment for the benefit of creditors or fails 
to pay its debts generally as they come due; or
 
(iii)          a petition is filed by or against any Account Debtor 
obligated upon such Account under any bankruptcy law or any other federal, 
state or foreign (including any provincial) receivership, insolvency relief 
or other law or laws for the relief of debtors;
 
(m)         that is the obligation of an Account Debtor if fifty percent 
(50%) or more of the Dollar amount of all Accounts owing by that Account 
Debtor are ineligible under the other criteria set forth in this Section 
1.6 other than with respect to Car Quest Long Term Accounts;
 
(n)          as to which Agent’s Lien thereon, on behalf of itself and 
Lenders, is not a first priority perfected Lien;
 
(o)          as to which any of the representations or warranties in the 
Loan Documents are untrue;
 
(p)          to the extent such Account is evidenced by a judgment, 
Instrument or Chattel Paper;
 
(q)          to the extent such Account exceeds any credit limit 
established by Agent, in its reasonable credit judgment;
 
(r)           [Intentionally Omitted];
 
(s)          that is payable in any currency other than Dollars; or
 
(t)           that is otherwise unacceptable to Agent in its reasonable 
credit judgment.
 
For purposes of this Section 1.6, Customer Drafts received by SMP from any 
Customer Program (in each case for so long as such drafts remain the 
property of SMP and have not been sold to any third party), shall be 
treated as if they constituted “Accounts” so long as Agent or its designee 
has possession of such Customer Drafts or otherwise has a first priority 
perfected security interest in any electronic Customer Drafts.
 
1.7.        Eligible Inventory.  All of the Inventory owned by the 
Borrowers and reflected in the most recent Borrowing Base Certificate 
delivered by each Borrower to Agent shall be “Eligible Inventory” for 
purposes of this Agreement, except any Inventory to which any of the 
exclusionary criteria set forth below applies.  Agent shall have the right 
to establish or modify or eliminate Reserves against Eligible Inventory 
from time to time in its reasonable credit judgment.  In addition, Agent 
reserves the right, at any time and from time to time after the Closing 
Date, to adjust any of the criteria set forth below, to establish new 
criteria and to adjust advance rates with respect to Eligible Inventory, in 
its reasonable credit judgment, subject to the approval of Supermajority 
Lenders in the case of adjustments or new criteria or changes in advance 
rates (subject to Section 11.2(c)(vii)) or the elimination of Reserves 
(except no such approval shall be required with respect to the reduction or 
elimination of Reserves which may be established and maintained from time 
to time by Agent with respect to Rate Protection Obligations under Rate 
Protection Agreements) which have the effect of making more credit 
available.  Eligible Inventory shall not include any Inventory of any 
Borrower that:

 
12
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
(a)           is not owned by such Borrower free and clear of all Liens and 
rights of any other Person (including the rights of a purchaser that has 
made progress payments and the rights of a surety that has issued a bond to 
assure such Borrower’s performance with respect to that Inventory), except 
the Liens in favor of Agent, on behalf of itself and Lenders, and Permitted 
Encumbrances in favor of landlords and bailees to the extent permitted in 
Section 5.9 hereof (subject to Reserves established by Agent in accordance 
with Section 5.9 hereof);
 
(b)           (i) is not located on premises owned, leased or rented by 
such Borrower and set forth in Disclosure Schedule (3.2) or identified 
pursuant to Section 6.15, or (ii) is stored at a leased location, unless 
Agent has given its prior consent thereto and unless either (x) a 
reasonably satisfactory landlord waiver has been delivered to Agent, or (y) 
Reserves reasonably satisfactory to Agent have been established with 
respect thereto or (iii) is stored with a bailee or warehouseman unless a 
reasonably satisfactory, acknowledged bailee letter has been received by 
Agent or Reserves reasonably satisfactory to Agent have been established 
with respect thereto, or (iv) is located at an owned location subject to a 
mortgage in favor of a lender other than Agent unless a reasonably 
satisfactory mortgagee waiver has been delivered to Agent or Reserves 
reasonably satisfactory to Agent have been established with respect 
thereto, or (v) other than with respect to 3 locations which Borrowers may 
designate in writing to Agent from time to time, is located at any site if 
the aggregate book value of Inventory at any such location is less than 
$100,000; or (vi) is located outside of the United States of America, its 
territories or Canada;
 
(c)           is placed on consignment or is in transit, except for 
Inventory in transit between domestic locations of Credit Parties as to 
which Agent’s Liens have been perfected at origin and destination.
 
(d)           is covered by a negotiable document of title, unless such 
document has been delivered to Agent with all necessary endorsements, free 
and clear of all Liens except those in favor of Agent and Lenders;
 
(e)           is excess, obsolete, unsalable, shopworn, seconds (excluding 
cores), damaged or unfit for sale;
 
(f)            consists of display items or packing or shipping materials, 
manufacturing supplies, work in process Inventory or replacement parts;
 
(g)           consists of goods which have been returned by the buyer 
unless such returned goods consist of (i) cores or (ii) goods which have 
been restored to Inventory as first quality, saleable merchandise;
 
(h)           is not of a type held for sale in the ordinary course of such 
Borrower’s business;
 
(i)            is not subject to a first priority lien in favor of Agent on 
behalf of itself and Lenders;

 
13
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
(j)            breaches any of the representations or warranties pertaining 
to Inventory set forth in the Loan Documents;
 
(k)           consists of any costs associated with “freight in” charges or 
favorable purchase price variances;
 
(l)            consists of Hazardous Materials or goods that can be 
transported or sold only with licenses that are not readily available;
 
(m)           is not covered by casualty insurance reasonably acceptable to 
Agent; or
 
(n)           is subject to any patent or trademark license requiring the 
payment of royalties or fees or requiring the consent of the licensor for a 
sale thereof by Agent (where such consent has not been obtained); or
 
(o)           is otherwise unacceptable to Agent in its reasonable credit 
judgment.
 
1.8.        Cash Management Systems.  On or prior to the Closing Date, 
Borrowers will establish and will maintain until the Termination Date, the 
cash management systems described in Annex C (the “Cash Management Systems
”).
 
1.9.        Fees.
 
(a)          Borrowers shall pay to GE Capital, individually, the Fees 
specified in that certain amended and restated fee letter dated November 
10, 2010 (as amended, the “2010 GE Capital Fee Letter”), between Borrower 
Representative and GE Capital, at the times specified for payment therein.
 
(b)         (i)            On the Closing Date, Borrowers shall pay to 
Agent, for the ratable benefit of Lenders a non-refundable closing fee in 
the amount of $475,000.
 
(ii)           As additional compensation for the Lenders, Borrowers shall 
pay to Agent, for the ratable benefit of such Lenders, in arrears, on the 
first Business Day of each month prior to the Commitment Termination Date 
and on the Commitment Termination Date, a Fee for Borrower’s non-use of 
available funds in an amount equal to the Applicable Unused Line Fee Margin 
per annum (calculated on the basis of a 360-day year for actual days 
elapsed) multiplied by the difference between (x) the Maximum Amount, and 
(y) the average for the period of the daily closing balances of the 
aggregate Revolver Loan outstanding during the period for which such Fee is 
due. For purposes of determining the unused line fee hereunder, the 2009 
Indenture Maturity Reserve shall be deemed to be $0.
 
(c)           Intentionally Omitted.
 
(d)           Borrowers shall pay to Agent, for the ratable benefit of 
Lenders, the Letter of Credit Fee as provided in Annex B.
 
(e)           Any time Borrowers elect to consummate a Borrower Revolver 
Increase, Borrowers shall pay to Agent the fees referenced in Section 
1.18(b).

 
14
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
1.10.      Receipt of Payments.  Borrowers shall make each payment under 
this Agreement not later than 2:00 p.m.  (New York time) on the day when 
due in immediately available funds in Dollars to the Collection Account.  
For purposes of computing interest and Fees and determining Borrowing 
Availability as of any date, all payments shall be deemed received on the 
Business Day on which immediately available funds therefor are received in 
the Collection Account prior to 2:00 p.m.  New York time.  Payments 
received after 2:00 p.m.  New York time on any Business Day or on a day 
that is not a Business Day shall be deemed to have been received on the 
following Business Day.
 
1.11.      Application and Allocation of Payments.
 
(a)           So long as no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is 
continuing, (i) payments consisting of proceeds of Accounts received in the 
ordinary course of business shall be applied to, the Revolving Loan; (ii) 
voluntary prepayments shall be applied in accordance with the provisions of 
Section 1.3(a); and (iii) mandatory prepayments shall be applied as set 
forth in Sections 1.3(c) and 1.3(d).  All payments and prepayments applied 
to a particular Loan shall be applied ratably to the portion thereof held 
by each Lender as determined by its Pro Rata Share.  As to any other 
payment, and as to all payments made when a Default or Event of Default has 
occurred and is continuing or following the Commitment Termination Date, 
each Borrower hereby irrevocably waives the right to direct the application 
of any and all payments received from or on behalf of such Borrower, and 
each Borrower hereby irrevocably agrees that Agent shall have the 
continuing exclusive right to apply any and all such payments against the 
Obligations of Borrowers then due and payable in the following order: (1) 
to Fees and Agent’s expenses reimbursable hereunder; (2) to interest on the 
Revolving Loans; (3) to principal payments on the Revolving Loans and to 
provide cash collateral for Letter of Credit Obligations in the manner 
described in Annex B, ratably to the aggregate, combined principal balance 
of the Revolving Loans and outstanding Letter of Credit Obligations; (4) to 
all other Obligations (other than Rate Protection Agreements and Swap 
Related Reimbursement Obligations), including expenses to Lenders to the 
extent reimbursable under Section 11.3, and to payments under the Canadian 
Guaranty; and (5) to Rate Protection Agreements and unpaid Swap Related 
Reimbursement Obligations ratably in proportion to the aggregate amounts 
owed as to each Rate Protection Agreement and unpaid Swap Related 
Reimbursement Obligation, as applicable.
 
(b)           Agent is authorized to, and at its sole election may, charge 
to the Revolving Loan balance on behalf of each Borrower and cause to be 
paid all Fees, expenses, Charges, costs (including insurance premiums in 
accordance with Section 5.4(a)) and interest and principal, other than 
principal of the Revolving Loan, owing by Borrowers under this Agreement or 
any of the other Loan Documents if and to the extent Borrowers fail to pay 
promptly any such amounts as and when due, even if the amount of such 
charges would exceed Borrowing Availability at such time or would cause the 
balance of the Revolving Loan to any Borrower to exceed such Borrower’s 
separate Borrowing Base after giving effect to such charges.  At Agent’s 
option and to the extent permitted by law, any charges so made shall 
constitute part of the Revolving Loan hereunder.

 
15
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

1.12.      Loan Account and Accounting.  Agent shall maintain a loan 
account (the “Loan Account”) on its books to record: all Advances, all 
payments made by Borrowers, and all other debits and credits as provided in 
this Agreement with respect to the Loans or any other Obligations.  All 
entries in the Loan Account shall be made in accordance with Agent’s 
customary accounting practices as in effect from time to time.  The balance 
in the Loan Account, as recorded on Agent’s most recent printout or other 
written statement, shall, absent manifest error, be presumptive evidence of 
the amounts due and owing to Agent and Lenders by each Borrower; provided 
that any failure to so record or any error in so recording shall not limit 
or otherwise affect any Borrower’s duty to pay the Obligations.  Agent 
shall render to Borrower Representative a monthly accounting of 
transactions with respect to the Loans setting forth the balance of the 
Loan Account as to each Borrower for the immediately preceding month.  
Unless Borrower Representative notifies Agent in writing of any objection 
to any such accounting (specifically describing the basis for such 
objection), within sixty (60) days after the date thereof, each and every 
such accounting shall (absent manifest error) be deemed final, binding and 
conclusive on Borrowers in all respects as to all matters reflected 
therein.  Only those items expressly objected to in such notice shall be 
deemed to be disputed by Borrowers.  Notwithstanding any provision herein 
contained to the contrary, any Lender may elect (which election may be 
revoked) to dispense with the issuance of Notes to that Lender and may rely 
on the Loan Account as evidence of the amount of Obligations from time to 
time owing to it.
 
1.13.      Indemnity.
 
(a)           Each Credit Party that is a signatory hereto shall jointly 
and severally indemnify and hold harmless each of Agent, Lenders and their 
respective Affiliates, and each such Person’s respective officers, 
directors, employees, attorneys, agents and representatives (each, an “
Indemnified Person”), from and against any and all suits, actions, 
proceedings, claims, damages, losses, liabilities and expenses (including 
reasonable attorneys’ fees and disbursements and other costs of 
investigation or defense, including those incurred upon any appeal) that 
may be instituted or asserted against or incurred by any such Indemnified 
Person as the result of credit having been extended, suspended or 
terminated under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents and the 
administration of such credit, and in connection with or arising out of the 
transactions contemplated hereunder and thereunder and any actions or 
failures to act in connection therewith, including any and all 
Environmental Liabilities and reasonable legal costs and expenses arising 
out of or incurred in connection with disputes between or among any parties 
to any of the Loan Documents (collectively, “Indemnified Liabilities”); 
provided, that no such Credit Party shall be liable for any indemnification 
to an Indemnified Person to the extent that any such suit, action, 
proceeding, claim, damage, loss, liability or expense results from that 
Indemnified Person’s gross negligence or willful misconduct.  NO 
INDEMNIFIED PERSON SHALL BE RESPONSIBLE OR LIABLE TO ANY OTHER PARTY TO ANY 
LOAN DOCUMENT, ANY SUCCESSOR, ASSIGNEE OR THIRD PARTY BENEFICIARY OF SUCH 
PERSON OR ANY OTHER PERSON ASSERTING CLAIMS DERIVATIVELY THROUGH SUCH 
PARTY, FOR INDIRECT, PUNITIVE, EXEMPLARY OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES WHICH MAY 
BE ALLEGED AS A RESULT OF CREDIT HAVING BEEN EXTENDED, SUSPENDED OR 
TERMINATED UNDER ANY LOAN DOCUMENT OR AS A RESULT OF ANY OTHER TRANSACTION 
CONTEMPLATED HEREUNDER OR THEREUNDER.

 
16
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

(b)           To induce Lenders to provide the LIBOR Rate option on the 
terms provided herein, if (i) any LIBOR Loans are repaid in whole or in 
part prior to the last day of any applicable LIBOR Period (whether that 
repayment is made pursuant to any provision of this Agreement or any other 
Loan Document or occurs as a result of acceleration, by operation of law or 
otherwise); (ii) any Borrower shall default in payment when due of the 
principal amount of or interest on any LIBOR Loan; (iii) any Borrower shall 
refuse to accept any borrowing of, or shall request a termination of, any 
borrowing of, conversion into or continuation of, LIBOR Loans after 
Borrower Representative has given notice requesting the same in accordance 
herewith; or (iv) any Borrower shall fail to make any prepayment of a LIBOR 
Loan after Borrower Representative has given a notice thereof in accordance 
herewith, then Borrowers shall jointly and severally indemnify and hold 
harmless each Lender from and against all losses, costs and expenses 
resulting from or arising from any of the foregoing.  Such indemnification 
shall include any loss (including loss of margin) or expense arising from 
the reemployment of funds obtained by it or from fees payable to terminate 
deposits from which such funds were obtained.  For the purpose of 
calculating amounts payable to a Lender under this subsection, each Lender 
shall be deemed to have actually funded its relevant LIBOR Loan through the 
purchase of a deposit bearing interest at the LIBOR Rate in an amount equal 
to the amount of that LIBOR Loan and having a maturity comparable to the 
relevant LIBOR Period; provided, that each Lender may fund each of its 
LIBOR Loans in any manner it sees fit, and the foregoing assumption shall 
be utilized only for the calculation of amounts payable under this 
subsection.  This covenant shall survive the termination of this Agreement 
and the payment of the Notes and all other amounts payable hereunder.  As 
promptly as practicable under the circumstances, each Lender shall provide 
Borrower Representative with its written calculation of all amounts payable 
pursuant to this Section 1.13(b), and (absent manifest error) such 
calculation shall be binding on the parties hereto unless Borrower 
Representative shall object in writing within ten (10) Business Days of 
receipt thereof, specifying the basis for such objection in detail.
 
1.14.      Access.  Each Credit Party that is a party hereto shall, during 
normal business hours, from time to time upon at least two (2) Business 
Days’ prior notice as frequently as Agent reasonably determines to be 
appropriate: (a) provide Agent and any of its officers, employees and 
agents access to its properties, facilities, advisors and employees 
(including officers) of each Credit Party and to the Collateral, (b) permit 
Agent, and any of its officers, employees and agents, to inspect, audit and 
make extracts from any Credit Party’s books and records, and (c) permit 
Agent, and its officers, employees and agents, to inspect, review, evaluate 
and make test verifications and counts of the Accounts, Inventory and other 
Collateral of any Credit Party; provided, however, that unless a Default or 
Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, Borrowers’ obligation to 
pay for such audits shall be limited to two per calendar year.  If a 
Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or if access is 
necessary to preserve or protect the Collateral as determined by Agent, 
each such Credit Party shall provide such access to Agent and to each 
Lender at all times and without advance notice.  Furthermore, so long as 
any Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, Borrowers shall 
provide Agent and each Lender with access to their suppliers and customers. 
 Each Credit Party shall make available to Agent and its counsel, as 
quickly as is possible under the circumstances, originals or copies of all 
books and records that Agent may reasonably request.  Each Credit Party 
shall deliver any document or instrument necessary for Agent, as it may 
from time to time reasonably request, to obtain records from any service 
bureau or other Person that maintains records for such Credit Party, and 
shall maintain duplicate records or supporting documentation on media, 
including computer tapes and discs owned by such Credit Party.  Agent will 
give Lenders at least fifteen (15) days’ prior written notice of regularly 
scheduled audits.  Representatives of other Lenders may accompany Agent’s 
representatives on regularly scheduled audits at no charge to Borrowers.

 
17
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
1.15.      Taxes.
 
(a)           Any and all payments by each Borrower hereunder (including 
any payments made pursuant to Section 12) or under the Notes shall be made, 
in accordance with this Section 1.15, free and clear of and without 
deduction for any and all present or future Taxes.  If any Borrower shall 
be required by law to deduct any Taxes from or in respect of any sum 
payable hereunder (including any sum payable pursuant to Section 12) or 
under the Notes, (i) the sum payable shall be increased as much as shall be 
necessary so that after making all required deductions (including 
deductions applicable to additional sums payable under this Section 1.15) 
Agent or Lenders, as applicable, receive an amount equal to the sum they 
would have received had no such deductions been made, (ii) such Borrower 
shall make such deductions, and (iii) such Borrower shall pay the full 
amount deducted to the relevant taxing or other authority in accordance 
with applicable law.  Within thirty (30) days after the date of any payment 
of Taxes, Borrower Representative shall furnish to Agent the original or a 
certified copy of a receipt evidencing payment thereof.  Agent and Lenders 
shall not be obligated to return or refund any amounts received pursuant to 
this Section.
 
(b)           Each Credit Party that is a signatory hereto shall jointly 
and severally indemnify and, within ten (10) days of demand therefor, pay 
Agent and each Lender for the full amount of Taxes (including any Taxes 
imposed by any jurisdiction on amounts payable under this Section 1.15) 
paid by Agent or such Lender, as appropriate, and any liability (including 
penalties, interest and expenses) arising therefrom or with respect 
thereto, whether or not such Taxes were correctly or legally asserted.  
Agent and affected Lenders shall provide Borrower Representative with an 
original or certified copy of a receipt evidencing the payment of such 
amounts by Agent or such Lenders.
 
(c)           Each Lender organized under the laws of a jurisdiction 
outside the United States (a “Foreign Lender”) as to which payments to be 
made under this Agreement or under the Notes are exempt from United States 
withholding tax under an applicable statute or tax treaty shall provide to 
Borrower Representative and Agent a properly completed and executed IRS 
Form W 8ECI or Form W 8BEN or other applicable form, certificate or 
document prescribed by the IRS or the United States certifying as to such 
Foreign Lender’s entitlement to such exemption (a “Certificate of Exemption
”).  Any foreign Person that seeks to become a Lender under this Agreement 
shall provide a Certificate of Exemption to Borrower Representative and 
Agent prior to becoming a Lender hereunder.  No foreign Person may become a 
Lender hereunder if such Person fails to deliver a Certificate of Exemption 
in advance of becoming a Lender.

 
18
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

1.16.      Capital Adequacy; Increased Costs; Illegality.
 
(a)           If any Lender shall have determined that any law, treaty, 
governmental (or quasi governmental) rule, regulation, guideline or order 
regarding capital adequacy, reserve requirements or similar requirements or 
compliance by any Lender with any request or directive regarding capital 
adequacy, reserve requirements or similar requirements (whether or not 
having the force of law), in each case, adopted after the Closing Date, 
from any central bank or other Governmental Authority increases or would 
have the effect of increasing the amount of capital, reserves or other 
funds required to be maintained by such Lender and thereby reducing the 
rate of return on such Lender’s capital as a consequence of its obligations 
hereunder, then Borrowers shall from time to time upon demand by such 
Lender (with a copy of such demand to Agent) pay to Agent, for the account 
of such Lender, additional amounts sufficient to compensate such Lender for 
such reduction.  A certificate as to the amount of that reduction and 
showing the basis of the computation thereof submitted by such Lender to 
Borrower Representative and to Agent shall, absent manifest error, be 
final, conclusive and binding for all purposes.
 
(b)           If, due to either (i) the introduction of or any change in 
any law or regulation (or any change in the interpretation thereof) or (ii) 
the compliance with any guideline or request from any central bank or other 
Governmental Authority (whether or not having the force of law), in each 
case adopted after the Closing Date, there shall be any increase in the 
cost to any Lender of agreeing to make or making, funding or maintaining 
any Loan, then Borrowers shall from time to time, upon demand by such 
Lender (with a copy of such demand to Agent), pay to Agent for the account 
of such Lender additional amounts sufficient to compensate such Lender for 
such increased cost.  A certificate as to the amount of such increased 
cost, submitted to Borrower Representative and to Agent by such Lender, 
shall be conclusive and binding on Borrowers for all purposes, absent 
manifest error.  Each Lender agrees that, as promptly as practicable after 
it becomes aware of any circumstances referred to above which would result 
in any such increased cost, the affected Lender shall, to the extent not 
inconsistent with such Lender’s internal policies of general application, 
use reasonable commercial efforts to minimize costs and expenses incurred 
by it and payable to it by Borrowers pursuant to this Section 1.16(b).
 
(c)           Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, if 
the introduction of or any change in any law or regulation (or any change 
in the interpretation thereof) shall make it unlawful, or any central bank 
or other Governmental Authority shall assert that it is unlawful, for any 
Lender to agree to make or to make or to continue to fund or maintain any 
LIBOR Loan, then, unless that Lender is able to make or to continue to fund 
or to maintain such LIBOR Loan at another branch or office of that Lender 
without, in that Lender’s opinion, adversely affecting it or its Loans or 
the income obtained therefrom, on notice thereof and demand therefor by 
such Lender to Borrower Representative through Agent, (i) the obligation of 
such Lender to agree to make or to make or to continue to fund or maintain 
LIBOR Loans shall terminate and (ii) each Borrower shall forthwith prepay 
in full all outstanding LIBOR Loans owing by such Borrower to such Lender, 
together with interest accrued thereon, unless Borrower Representative on 
behalf of such Borrower, within five (5) Business Days after the delivery 
of such notice and demand, converts all LIBOR Loans into Index Rate Loans.

 
19
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

(d)           Within fifteen (15) days after receipt by Borrower 
Representative of written notice and demand from any Lender (an “Affected 
Lender”) for payment of additional amounts or increased costs as provided 
in Sections 1.15(a), 1.16(a) or 1.16(b), Borrower Representative may, at 
its option, notify Agent and such Affected Lender of its intention to 
replace the Affected Lender.  So long as no Default or Event of Default has 
occurred and is continuing, Borrower Representative, with the consent of 
Agent, may obtain, at Borrowers’ expense, a replacement Lender (“
Replacement Lender”) for the Affected Lender, which Replacement Lender must 
be reasonably satisfactory to Agent.  If Borrowers obtain a Replacement 
Lender within ninety (90) days following notice of their intention to do 
so, the Affected Lender must sell and assign its Loans and Commitments to 
such Replacement Lender for an amount equal to the principal balance of all 
Loans held by the Affected Lender and all accrued interest and Fees with 
respect thereto through the date of such sale and such assignment shall not 
require the payment of an assignment fee to Agent; provided, that Borrowers 
shall have reimbursed such Affected Lender for the additional amounts or 
increased costs that it is entitled to receive under this Agreement through 
the date of such sale and assignment.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, 
Borrowers shall not have the right to obtain a Replacement Lender if the 
Affected Lender rescinds its demand for increased costs or additional 
amounts (effective retroactively to the date of such demand) within fifteen 
(15) days following its receipt of Borrowers’ notice of intention to 
replace such Affected Lender.  Furthermore, if Borrowers give a notice of 
intention to replace and do not so replace such Affected Lender within 
ninety (90) days thereafter, Borrowers’ rights under this Section 1.16(d) 
shall terminate with respect to such Affected Lender and Borrowers shall 
promptly pay all increased costs or additional amounts demanded by such 
Affected Lender pursuant to Sections 1.15(a), 1.16(a) and 1.16(b).
 
1.17.      Single Loan.  All Loans to each Borrower and all of the other 
Obligations of each Borrower arising under this Agreement and the other 
Loan Documents shall constitute one general obligation of that Borrower 
secured, until the Termination Date, by all of the Collateral.
 
1.18.      Increase of the Maximum Amount by Borrowers.
 
(a)           The Borrowers may at any time, by written notice to the 
Agent, request that Agent increase the Maximum Amount (each a “Borrower 
Revolver Increase”) by (i) adding one or more new lenders to the revolving 
credit facility under this Agreement (each a “Section 1.18 New Lender”) who 
wish to participate in such Borrower Revolver Increase and/or (ii) 
increasing the Commitment of one or more Lenders party to this Agreement 
who wish to participate in such Borrower Revolver Increase; provided, 
however, that (w) the Borrowers may only add a Section 1.18 New Lender if, 
and only to the extent, there is insufficient participation on behalf of 
the existing Lenders, (x) no Default or Event of Default shall have 
occurred and be continuing as of the date of such request or as of the 
effective date of such Borrower Revolver Increase (each a “Borrower 
Increase Date”) or shall occur as a result thereof, (y) any Section 1.18 
New Lender that becomes party to this Agreement pursuant to this Section 
1.18 shall satisfy the requirements of Section 9.1 hereof and shall be 
acceptable to Agent and (z) the other conditions set forth in this Section 
1.18 are satisfied.  The Agent shall use commercially reasonable efforts to 
arrange for the syndication of any Borrower Revolver Increase.  The Agent 
shall promptly inform the Lenders of any such request made by the 
Borrowers.  The aggregate amount of Borrower Revolver Increases hereunder 
shall not exceed $50,000,000; no single Borrower Revolver Increase shall be 
for an amount less than $10,000,000 and any Borrower Revolver Increase 
shall be in integral multiples of $10,000,000.

 
20
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

(b)           On a Borrower Increase Date, (i) each Section 1.18 New Lender 
that has chosen to participate in such Borrower Revolver Increase shall, 
subject to the conditions set forth in Section 1.18(a), become a Lender 
party to this Agreement as of such Borrower Increase Date and shall have a 
Commitment in an amount equal to its share of such Borrower Revolver 
Increase (and its Commitment percentage shall be equal to the percentage 
equivalent of a fraction the numerator of which shall be the Commitment of 
such Section 1.18 New Lender and the denominator of which shall be the 
Maximum Amount after giving effect to such Borrower Revolver Increase) and 
(ii) each Lender that has chosen to increase its Commitment pursuant to 
this Section 1.18 will have its Commitment increased by the amount of its 
share of the Borrower Revolver Increase as of such Borrower Increase Date 
(and its Commitment percentage shall be adjusted as appropriate); provided, 
however, that (y) Agent shall have received from the Borrowers (i) payment 
of the arrangement fee referenced in the 2010 GE Capital Fee Letter with 
respect to such Borrower Revolver Increase, (ii) a non-refundable fee for 
the benefit of each Section 1.18 New Lender and each Lender that has chosen 
to increase its Commitment pursuant to this Section 1.18, in an amount 
equal to 0.15% of such Section 1.18 New Lenders’ Commitment or such 
Lenders’ increase of its Commitment pursuant hereto, as the case may be, 
and (iii) payment of all reasonable out-of-pocket costs and expenses 
incurred by Agent or any Lender in connection with such Borrower Revolver 
Increase, and (z) Agent shall have received on or before such Borrower 
Increase Date the following, each dated such date:
 
(i)            an assumption agreement from each Section 1.18 New Lender 
participating in such Borrower Revolver Increase, if any, in form and 
substance satisfactory to the Agent, duly executed by such Section 1.18 New 
Lender, the Agent and the Borrowers;
 
(ii)           confirmation from each Lender, if any, participating in such 
Borrower Revolver Increase of the increase in the amount of its Commitment 
and of any change in its Commitment percentage, in form and substance 
satisfactory to the Agent;
 
(iii)          a certificate of Borrower Representative certifying that no 
Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing or shall 
occur as a result of such Borrower Revolver Increase;
 
(iv)          a certificate of Borrower Representative certifying that the 
representations and warranties made by each Credit Party herein and in the 
Loan Documents are true and complete in all material respects with the same 
force and effect as if made on and as of such date (or, to the extent any 
such representation or warranty specifically relates to an earlier date, 
such representation or warranty is true and complete in all material 
respects as of such earlier date);
 
(v)           supplements or modifications to this Agreement and the Loan 
Documents and such additional Loan Documents, including any new Revolving 
Notes to Section 1.18 New Lenders and replacement Revolving Notes to 
Lenders that agree to participate in such Borrower Revolver Increase, that 
the Agent reasonably deems necessary in order to document such Borrower 
Revolver Increase and otherwise assure and give effect to the rights of the 
Agent and the Lenders in this Agreement and the Loan Documents; and
 
(vi)          such other documents, instruments and information as the 
Agent or its counsel shall reasonably deem necessary in connection with 
such Borrower Revolver Increase.

 
21
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

(c)           On such Borrower Increase Date, upon fulfillment of the 
conditions set forth in this Section 1.18, the Agent shall (i) effect a 
settlement of all outstanding Advances among the Lenders that will reflect 
the adjustments to the Commitments and Commitment percentages of the 
Lenders as a result of such Borrower Revolver Increase and (ii) notify the 
Lenders, any Section 1.18 New Lenders participating in such Borrower 
Revolver Increase and the Borrowers, on or before noon (New York time), by 
telecopier or e-mail, of the occurrence of such Borrower Revolver Increase 
to be effected on such Borrower Increase Date.
 
2.
CONDITIONS PRECEDENT
 
2.1.        Conditions to the Initial Loans.  No Lender shall be obligated 
to make any Loan or incur any Letter of Credit Obligations on the Closing 
Date, or to take, fulfill, or perform any other action hereunder, until the 
following conditions have been satisfied or provided for in a manner 
satisfactory to Agent, or waived in writing by Agent and Lenders:
 
(a)           Credit Agreement; Loan Documents.  This Agreement or 
counterparts hereof shall have been duly executed by Borrowers and each 
other Credit Party, and delivered to Agent and Lenders; and Agent shall 
have received such documents, instruments, agreements and legal opinions as 
Agent shall reasonably request in connection with the transactions 
contemplated by this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, including all 
those listed in the Closing Checklist attached hereto as Annex D-1, each in 
form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Agent.
 
(b)           [INTENTIONALLY OMITTED]
 
(c)           Approvals.  Agent shall have received (i) satisfactory 
evidence that the Credit Parties have obtained all required consents and 
approvals of all Persons including all requisite Governmental Authorities, 
to the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and the other 
Loan Documents and the consummation of the transactions contemplated 
thereunder or (ii) an officer’s certificate in form and substance 
reasonably satisfactory to Agent affirming that no such consents or 
approvals are required.
 
(d)           Payment of Fees.  Borrowers shall have paid the Fees required 
to be paid on the Closing Date in the respective amounts specified in 
Section 1.9 (including the Fees specified in the 2010 GE Capital Fee 
Letter), and shall have reimbursed Agent for all reasonable fees, costs and 
expenses of closing presented as of the Closing Date.
 
(e)           Capital Structure: Other Indebtedness.  The capital structure 
of each Credit Party and the terms and conditions of all Indebtedness of 
each Credit Party not being repaid shall be acceptable to Agent in its 
reasonable discretion.
 
(f)            Due Diligence.  Agent shall have completed its business and 
legal due diligence, including a roll forward of its previous Collateral 
audit with results reasonably satisfactory to Agent.
 
(g)           Intentionally Omitted.

 
22
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

(h)           Material Adverse Events.  As of the Closing Date, there will 
have been (i) since August 31, 2010, no material adverse change, 
individually or in the aggregate, in the business, financial or other 
condition of Borrowers taken as a whole, the industry in which Borrowers 
operate, or the Collateral which will be subject to the security interest 
granted to Agent or in the projections of Borrowers taken as a whole, (ii) 
no litigation commenced which, if successful, would have a material adverse 
impact on Borrowers taken as a whole, their businesses, or their ability to 
repay the loans, or which would challenge the transactions under 
consideration, and (iii) since August 31, 2010, no material increase in the 
liabilities, liquidated or contingent, of Borrowers taken as a whole, or a 
material decrease in the assets of Borrowers taken as a whole.
 
(i)            Background Checks. Agent shall have completed background and 
reference checks on each Borrower and selected officers of Borrowers with 
results reasonably satisfactory to Agent.
 
2.2.        Further Conditions to Each Loan.  Except as otherwise expressly 
provided herein, no Lender shall be obligated to fund any Advance, convert 
or continue any Loan as a LIBOR Loan or incur any Letter of Credit 
Obligation, if, as of the date thereof:
 
(a)           any representation or warranty by any Credit Party contained 
herein or in any other Loan Document is untrue or incorrect as of such 
date, except to the extent that such representation or warranty expressly 
relates to an earlier date and except for changes therein expressly 
permitted or expressly contemplated by this Agreement and Agent or 
Requisite Lenders have determined not to make such Advance, convert or 
continue any Loan as LIBOR Loan or incur such Letter of Credit Obligation 
as a result of the fact that such warranty or representation is untrue or 
incorrect;
 
(b)           any event or circumstance having a Material Adverse Effect 
has occurred since the date hereof as determined by the Requisite Lenders 
and Agent or Requisite Lenders have determined not to make such Advance, 
convert or continue any Loan as a LIBOR Loan or incur such Letter of Credit 
Obligation as a result of the fact that such event or circumstance has 
occurred;
 
(c)           any Default or Event of Default has occurred and is 
continuing or would result after giving effect to any Advance (or the 
incurrence of any Letter of Credit Obligation), and Agent or Requisite 
Lenders shall have determined not to make any Advance, convert or continue 
any Loan as a LIBOR Loan or incur any Letter of Credit Obligation as a 
result of that Default or Event of Default; or
 
(d)           after giving effect to any Advance (or the incurrence of any 
Letter of Credit Obligations), (i) the outstanding principal amount of the 
aggregate Revolving Loan would exceed the lesser of the Aggregate Borrowing 
Base and the Maximum Amount or (ii) the outstanding principal amount of the 
Revolving Loan of the applicable Borrower would exceed such Borrower’s 
separate Borrowing Base.
 
The request and acceptance by any Borrower of the proceeds of any Advance, 
the incurrence of any Letter of Credit Obligations or the conversion or 
continuation of any Loan into, or as, a LIBOR Loan shall be deemed to 
constitute, as of the date thereof, (i) a representation and warranty by 
Borrowers that the conditions in this Section 2.2 have been satisfied and 
(ii) a reaffirmation by Borrowers of the cross-guaranty provisions set 
forth in Section 12 and of the granting and continuance of Agent’s Liens, 
on behalf of itself and Lenders, pursuant to the Collateral Documents.

 
23
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
3.
REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES
 
To induce Lenders to make the Loans and to incur Letter of Credit 
Obligations, the Credit Parties executing this Agreement, jointly and 
severally, make the following representations and warranties to Agent and 
each Lender with respect to all Credit Parties, each and all of which shall 
survive the execution and delivery of this Agreement.
 
3.1.        Corporate Existence; Compliance with Law.  Each Credit Party 
(a) is a corporation, limited liability company or limited partnership duly 
organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of its 
respective jurisdiction of incorporation or organization set forth in 
Disclosure Schedule (3.1); (b) is duly qualified to conduct business and is 
in good standing in each other jurisdiction where its ownership or lease of 
property or the conduct of its business requires such qualification, except 
where the failure to be so qualified would not result in exposure to 
losses, damages or liabilities in excess of $250,000; (c) has the requisite 
power and authority and the legal right to own, pledge, mortgage or 
otherwise encumber and operate its properties, to lease the property it 
operates under lease and to conduct its business as now, heretofore and 
proposed to be conducted; (d) subject to specific representations regarding 
Environmental Laws and any scheduled exceptions thereto, has all material 
licenses, permits, consents or approvals from or by, and has made all 
material filings with, and has given all material notices to, all 
Governmental Authorities having jurisdiction, to the extent required for 
such ownership, operation and conduct; (e) is in compliance with its 
charter and bylaws or partnership or operating agreement, as applicable; 
and (f) subject to specific representations and any scheduled exceptions 
thereto set forth herein regarding ERISA, Environmental Laws, tax and other 
laws, is in compliance with all applicable provisions of law, except where 
the failure to comply, individually or in the aggregate, could not 
reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.
 
3.2.        Executive Offices, Collateral Locations, FEIN.  As of the 
Closing Date, the current location of each Credit Party’s chief executive 
office and the warehouses and premises at which any Collateral is located 
are set forth in Disclosure Schedule (3.2), and, except as set forth in 
Disclosure Schedule (3.2), none of such locations has changed within the 
twelve (12) months preceding the Closing Date.  In addition, Disclosure 
Schedule (3.2) lists the federal employer identification number of each 
Credit Party.
 
3.3.        Corporate Power, Authorization, Enforceable Obligations.  The 
execution, delivery and performance by each Credit Party of the Loan 
Documents to which it is a party and the creation of all Liens provided for 
therein: (a) are within such Person’s power; (b) have been duly authorized 
by all necessary corporate, limited liability company or limited 
partnership action; (c) do not contravene any provision of such Person’s 
charter, bylaws or partnership or operating agreement as applicable; (d) do 
not violate any law or regulation, or any order or decree of any court or 
Governmental Authority; (e) do not conflict with or result in the breach or 
termination of, constitute a default under or accelerate or permit the 
acceleration of any performance required by, any indenture, mortgage, deed 
of trust, lease, agreement or other instrument to which such Person is a 
party or by which such Person or any of its property is bound; (f) do not 
result in the creation or imposition of any Lien upon any of the property 
of such Person other than those in favor of Agent, on behalf of itself and 
Lenders, pursuant to the Loan Documents; and (g) do not require the consent 
or approval of any Governmental Authority or any other Person, except those 
referred to in Section 2.1(c), all of which will have been duly obtained, 
made or complied with prior to the Closing Date.  Each of the Loan 
Documents shall be duly executed and delivered by each Credit Party that is 
a party thereto and each such Loan Document shall constitute a legal, valid 
and binding obligation of such Credit Party enforceable against it in 
accordance with its terms.

 
24
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
3.4.        Financial Statements and Projections.  Except for the 
Projections, all Financial Statements concerning Borrowers and their 
respective Subsidiaries that are referred to below have been prepared in 
accordance with GAAP consistently applied throughout the periods covered 
(except as disclosed therein and except, with respect to unaudited 
Financial Statements, for the absence of footnotes and normal year-end 
audit adjustments) and present fairly in all material respects the 
financial position of the Persons covered thereby as at the dates thereof 
and the results of their operations and cash flows for the periods then 
ended.
 
(a)          Financial Statements.  The following Financial Statements 
attached hereto as Disclosure Schedule (3.4(a)) have been delivered on the 
date hereof:
 
(i)            The audited consolidated and consolidating balance sheets at 
December 31, 2009 and the related statements of income and cash flows of 
Borrowers and their Subsidiaries for the Fiscal Years then ended, certified 
by Grant Thorton LLP.
 
(ii)           The unaudited balance sheet(s) at August 31, 2010 and the 
related statement(s) of income and cash flows of Borrowers and their 
Subsidiaries for the eight months then ended.
 
(b)          Projections.  The Projections delivered on the date hereof and 
attached hereto as Disclosure Schedule (3.4(b)) have been prepared by 
Borrowers in light of the past operations of their businesses and reflect 
projections for the Fiscal Year 2011.  The Projections are based upon the 
same accounting principles as those used in the preparation of the 
financial statements described above and the estimates and assumptions 
stated therein, all of which Borrowers believe to be reasonable and fair in 
light of current conditions and current facts known to Borrowers and, as of 
the Closing Date, reflect Borrowers’ good faith and reasonable estimates of 
the future financial performance of Borrowers.
 
3.5.        Material Adverse Effect.  Between August 31, 2010 and the 
Closing Date: (a) no Credit Party has incurred any obligations, contingent 
or noncontingent liabilities, liabilities for Charges, long-term leases or 
unusual forward or long-term commitments that are not reflected in the 
Financial Statements and that, alone or in the aggregate, could reasonably 
be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, (b) no contract, lease or 
other agreement or instrument has been entered into by any Credit Party or 
has become binding upon any Credit Party’s assets and no law or regulation 
applicable to any Credit Party has been adopted that in either case has had 
or could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, and (c) 
no Credit Party is in default and to the best of Borrowers’ knowledge no 
third party is in default under any material contract, lease or other 
agreement or instrument, which defaults alone or in the aggregate could 
reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.  Between August 
31, 2010 and the Closing Date no event has occurred, that alone or together 
with other events, could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse 
Effect.

 
25
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
3.6.        Ownership of Property; Liens.  As of the Closing Date, the real 
estate (“Real Estate”) listed in Disclosure Schedule (3.6) constitutes all 
of the real property owned, leased, subleased, or used by any Credit Party. 
 Each Credit Party owns good and marketable fee simple title to all of its 
owned Real Estate, and valid leasehold interests in all of its leased Real 
Estate, all as described on Disclosure Schedule (3.6), and copies of all 
such leases or a summary of terms thereof reasonably satisfactory to Agent 
have been delivered to Agent.  Disclosure Schedule (3.6) further describes 
any Real Estate with respect to which any Credit Party is a lessor, 
sublessor or assignor as of the Closing Date.  Each Credit Party also has 
good and marketable title to, or valid leasehold interests in, all of its 
personal property and assets.  As of the Closing Date, none of the 
properties and assets of any Credit Party are subject to any Liens other 
than Permitted Encumbrances, and except as disclosed on Disclosure Schedule 
3.17, there are no facts, circumstances or conditions known to any Credit 
Party that may result in any Liens (including Liens arising under 
Environmental Laws) other than Permitted Encumbrances.  Each Credit Party 
has received all deeds, assignments, waivers, consents, nondisturbance and 
attornment or similar agreements, bills of sale and other documents, and 
has duly effected all recordings, filings and other actions necessary to 
establish, protect and perfect such Credit Party’s right, title and 
interest in and to all such Real Estate and other properties and assets.  
Disclosure Schedule (3.6) also describes any purchase options, rights of 
first refusal or other similar contractual rights pertaining to any Real 
Estate.  As of the Closing Date, no portion of any Credit Party’s Real 
Estate has suffered any material damage by fire or other casualty loss that 
has not heretofore been repaired and restored in all material respects to 
its original condition or otherwise remedied.  As of the Closing Date, all 
material permits required to have been issued or appropriate to enable the 
Real Estate to be lawfully occupied and used for all of the purposes for 
which it is currently occupied and used have been lawfully issued and are 
in full force and effect.
 
3.7.        Labor Matters.  As of the Closing Date (a) no strikes or other 
material labor disputes against any Credit Party are pending or, to any 
Credit Party’s knowledge, threatened; (b) hours worked by and payment made 
to employees of each Credit Party comply with the Fair Labor Standards Act 
and each other federal, state, local or foreign law applicable to such 
matters; (c) all payments due from any Credit Party for employee health and 
welfare insurance have been paid or accrued as a liability on the books of 
such Credit Party; (d) except as set forth in Disclosure Schedule (3.7), no 
Credit Party is a party to or bound by any collective bargaining agreement, 
management agreement, consulting agreement, employment agreement (with 
senior level officers or directors), bonus, restricted stock, stock option, 
or stock appreciation plan or agreement or any similar plan, agreement or 
arrangement (and true and complete copies of any agreements described on 
Disclosure Schedule (3.7) have been delivered to Agent); (e) there is no 
organizing activity involving any Credit Party pending or, to any Credit 
Party’s knowledge, threatened by any labor union or group of employees; (f) 
there are no representation proceedings pending or, to any Credit Party’s 
knowledge, threatened with the National Labor Relations Board, and no labor 
organization or group of employees of any Credit Party has made a pending 
demand for recognition; and (g) except as set forth in Disclosure Schedule 
(3.7), there are no material complaints or charges against any Credit Party 
pending or, to the knowledge of any Credit Party, threatened to be filed 
with any Governmental Authority or arbitrator based on, arising out of, in 
connection with, or otherwise relating to the employment or termination of 
employment by any Credit Party of any individual.

 
26
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
3.8.        Ventures, Subsidiaries and Affiliates; Outstanding Stock and 
Indebtedness.  Except as set forth in Disclosure Schedule (3.8), as of the 
Closing Date, no Credit Party has any Subsidiaries, is engaged in any joint 
venture or partnership with any other Person, or is an Affiliate of any 
other Person.  All of the issued and outstanding Stock of each Credit Party 
is owned by each of the Stockholders and in the amounts set forth in 
Disclosure Schedule (3.8).  Except as set forth in Disclosure Schedule 
(3.8), there are no outstanding rights to purchase, options, warrants or 
similar rights or agreements pursuant to which any Credit Party may be 
required to issue, sell, repurchase or redeem any of its Stock or other 
equity securities or any Stock or other equity securities of its 
Subsidiaries.  All outstanding Indebtedness and Guaranteed Indebtedness of 
each Credit Party as of the Closing Date (except for the Obligations) is 
described in Section 6.3 (including Disclosure Schedule (6.3)).  None of 
the Credit Parties or their Subsidiaries identified on Disclosure Schedule 
(3.8) as “inactive” has any material assets (except Stock of their 
Subsidiaries) or any Indebtedness or Guaranteed Indebtedness or conducts 
any trade or business.
 
3.9.        Government Regulation.  No Credit Party is an “investment 
company” or an “affiliated person” of, or “promoter” or “principal 
underwriter” for, an “investment company,” as such terms are defined in the 
Investment Company Act of 1940.  No Credit Party is subject to regulation 
under the Public Utility Holding Company Act of 1935, the Federal Power 
Act, or any other federal or state statute that restricts or limits its 
ability to incur Indebtedness or to perform its obligations hereunder.  The 
making of the Loans by Lenders to Borrowers, the incurrence of the Letter 
of Credit Obligations on behalf of Borrowers, the application of the 
proceeds thereof and repayment thereof and the consummation of the 
transactions hereunder will not violate any provision of any such statute 
or any rule, regulation or order issued by the Securities and Exchange 
Commission.
 
3.10.      Margin Regulations.  No Credit Party is engaged, nor will it 
engage, principally or as one of its important activities, in the business 
of extending credit for the purpose of “purchasing” or “carrying” any 
“margin stock” as such terms are defined in Regulation U of the Federal 
Reserve Board as now and from time to time hereafter in effect (such 
securities being referred to herein as “Margin Stock”).  No Credit Party 
owns any Margin Stock, and none of the proceeds of the Loans or other 
extensions of credit under this Agreement will be used, directly or 
indirectly, for the purpose of purchasing or carrying any Margin Stock, for 
the purpose of reducing or retiring any Indebtedness that was originally 
incurred to purchase or carry any Margin Stock or for any other purpose 
that might cause any of the Loans or other extensions of credit under this 
Agreement to be considered a “purpose credit” within the meaning of 
Regulations T, U or X of the Federal Reserve Board.  No Credit Party will 
take or permit to be taken any action that might cause any Loan Document to 
violate any regulation of the Federal Reserve Board.

 
27
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

3.11.      Taxes.  All tax returns, reports and statements, including 
information returns, required by any Governmental Authority to be filed by 
any Credit Party have been filed with the appropriate Governmental 
Authority and all Charges have been paid prior to the date on which any 
fine, penalty, interest or late charge may be added thereto for nonpayment 
thereof (or any such fine, penalty, interest, late charge or loss has been 
paid), excluding (a) Charges or other amounts being contested in accordance 
with Section 5.2(b) and (b) filings relating to local qualifications to do 
business where the exposure to losses, damages or liabilities is less than 
$100,000 in the aggregate for all jurisdictions.  Proper and accurate 
amounts have been withheld by each Credit Party from its respective 
employees for all periods in full and complete compliance with all 
applicable federal, state, local and foreign laws and such withholdings 
have been timely paid to the respective Governmental Authorities.  
Disclosure Schedule (3.11) sets forth as of the Closing Date those taxable 
years for which any Credit Party’s tax returns are currently being audited 
by the IRS or any other applicable Governmental Authority, and any 
assessments or threatened assessments in connection with such audit, or 
otherwise currently outstanding.  Except as described in Disclosure 
Schedule (3.11), no Credit Party has executed or filed with the IRS or any 
other Governmental Authority any agreement or other document extending, or 
having the effect of extending, the period for assessment or collection of 
any Charges.  None of the Credit Parties and their respective predecessors 
are liable for any Charges: (a) under any agreement (including any tax 
sharing agreements) or (b) to each Credit Party’s knowledge, as a 
transferee.  As of the Closing Date, no Credit Party has agreed or been 
requested to make any adjustment under IRC Section 481(a), by reason of a 
change in accounting method or otherwise, which would reasonably be 
expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.
 
3.12.      ERISA.
 
(a)           Disclosure Schedule (3.12) lists (i) all ERISA Affiliates and 
(ii) all Plans and separately identifies all Pension Plans, including Title 
IV Plans, Multiemployer Plans, ESOPs and Welfare Plans, including all 
Retiree Welfare Plans.  Copies of all such listed Plans, together with a 
copy of the latest form IRS/DOL 5500-series, as applicable, for each such 
Plan, have been made available to Agent.  Except with respect to 
Multiemployer Plans, each Qualified Plan has been determined by the IRS to 
qualify under Section 401 of the IRC, the trusts created thereunder have 
been determined to be exempt from tax under the provisions of Section 501 
of the IRC, and nothing has occurred that would cause the loss of such 
qualification or tax exempt status.  Each Plan is in compliance with the 
applicable provisions of ERISA, the IRC and its terms, including the timely 
filing of all reports required under the IRC or ERISA, including the 
statement required by 29 CFR Section 2520.104 23.  Neither any Credit Party 
nor ERISA Affiliate has failed to make any contribution or pay any amount 
due as required by either Section 412 of the IRC or Section 302 of ERISA or 
the terms of any such Plan.  No “prohibited transaction,” as defined in 
Section 406 of ERISA and Section 4975 of the IRC, has occurred with respect 
to any Plan, that would subject any Credit Party to a material tax on 
prohibited transactions imposed by Section 502(i) of ERISA or Section 4975 
of the IRC.

 
28
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

(b)           Except as set forth in Disclosure Schedule (3.12): (i) no 
Title IV Plan has any Unfunded Pension Liability; (ii) no ERISA Event has 
occurred or is reasonably expected to occur; (iii) there are no pending, or 
to the knowledge of any Credit Party, threatened claims (other than claims 
for benefits in the normal course), sanctions, actions or lawsuits, 
asserted or instituted against any Plan or any Person as fiduciary or 
sponsor of any Plan; (iv) no Credit Party or ERISA Affiliate has incurred 
or reasonably expects to incur any liability as a result of a complete or 
partial withdrawal from a Multiemployer Plan; (v) within the last five 
years no Title IV Plan of any Credit Party or ERISA Affiliate has been 
terminated, whether or not in a “standard termination” as that term is used 
in Section 4041(b)(1) of ERISA, nor has any Title IV Plan of any Credit 
Party or any ERISA Affiliate (determined at any time within the last five 
years) with Unfunded Pension Liabilities been transferred outside of the 
“controlled group” (within the meaning of Section 4001(a)(14) of ERISA) of 
any Credit Party or ERISA Affiliate (determined at such time); (vi) except 
in the case of any ESOP, Stock of all Credit Parties and their ERISA 
Affiliates makes up, in the aggregate, no more than 10% of fair market 
value of the assets of any Plan measured on the basis of fair market value 
as of the latest valuation date of any Plan; and (vii) no liability under 
any Title IV Plan has been satisfied with the purchase of a contract from 
an insurance company that is not rated AAA by the Standard & Poor’s 
Corporation or an equivalent rating by another nationally recognized rating 
agency.
 
3.13.      No Litigation.  No action, claim, lawsuit, demand, investigation 
or proceeding is now pending or, to the knowledge of any Credit Party, 
threatened against any Credit Party, before any Governmental Authority or 
before any arbitrator or panel of arbitrators (collectively, “Litigation
”), (a) that challenges any Credit Party’s right or power to enter into or 
perform any of its obligations under the Loan Documents to which it is a 
party, or the validity or enforceability of any Loan Document or any action 
taken thereunder, or (b) that has a reasonable risk of being determined 
adversely to any Credit Party and that, if so determined, could be 
reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.  Except as set 
forth on Disclosure Schedule (3.13), as of the Closing Date there is no 
Litigation pending or, to any Credit Party’s knowledge, threatened, that 
seeks damages in excess of $250,000 or injunctive relief against, or 
alleges criminal misconduct of, any Credit Party.
 
3.14.      Brokers.  No broker or finder brought about the obtaining, 
making or closing of the Loans, and no Credit Party or Affiliate thereof 
has any obligation to any Person in respect of any finder’s or brokerage 
fees in connection therewith.
 
3.15.      Intellectual Property.  As of the Closing Date, each Credit 
Party owns or has rights to use all Intellectual Property necessary to 
continue to conduct its business as now or heretofore conducted by it or 
proposed to be conducted by it, and each Patent, Trademark, Copyright and 
License is listed, together with application or registration numbers, as 
applicable, in Disclosure Schedule (3.15).  Each Credit Party uses 
reasonable commercial efforts to conduct its business and affairs so as to 
avoid infringement of or interference with any Intellectual Property of any 
other Person in any material respect.  Except as set forth in Disclosure 
Schedule (3.15), no Credit Party is aware of any infringement claim by any 
other Person with respect to any Intellectual Property.
 
3.16.      Full Disclosure.  No information contained in this Agreement, 
any of the other Loan Documents, any Projections, Financial Statements or 
Collateral Reports or other written reports from time to time prepared by 
any Credit Party and delivered hereunder or any written statement prepared 
by any Credit Party and furnished by or on behalf of any Credit Party to 
Agent or any Lender pursuant to the terms of this Agreement contains or 
will contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omits or will omit 
to state a material fact necessary to make the statements contained herein 
or therein not misleading in light of the circumstances under which they 
were made.  The Liens granted to Agent, on behalf of itself and Lenders, 
pursuant to the Collateral Documents will at all times be fully perfected 
first priority Liens in and to the Collateral described therein, subject, 
as to priority, only to Permitted Encumbrances.

 
29
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
3.17.      Environmental Matters.
 
(a)           Except as set forth in Disclosure Schedule (3.17), as of the 
Closing Date: (i) the Real Estate is free of contamination from any 
Hazardous Material except for such contamination that would not adversely 
impact the value or marketability of such Real Estate and that would not 
result in Environmental Liabilities that could reasonably be expected to 
exceed $200,000; (ii) no Credit Party has caused or suffered to occur any 
Release of Hazardous Materials on, at, in, under, above, to, from or about 
any of its Real Estate in violation of Environmental Laws and Environmental 
Permits; (iii) the Credit Parties are and have been in compliance with all 
Environmental Laws, except for such noncompliance that would not result in 
Environmental Liabilities which could reasonably be expected to exceed 
$200,000; (iv) the Credit Parties have obtained, and are in compliance 
with, all Environmental Permits required by Environmental Laws for the 
operations of their respective businesses as presently conducted or as 
proposed to be conducted, except where the failure to so obtain or comply 
with such Environmental Permits would not result in Environmental 
Liabilities that could reasonably be expected to exceed $200,000, and all 
such Environmental Permits are valid, uncontested and in good standing; (v) 
no Credit Party is involved in operations or knows of any facts, 
circumstances or conditions, including any Releases of Hazardous Materials, 
that are likely to result in any Environmental Liabilities of such Credit 
Party which could reasonably be expected to exceed $200,000, and no Credit 
Party has consented to any current or former tenant or occupant of the Real 
Estate engaging in any such operations; (vi) there is no Litigation arising 
under or related to any Environmental Laws, Environmental Permits or 
Hazardous Material that seeks damages, penalties, fines, costs or expenses 
in excess of $200,000 or injunctive relief against, or that alleges 
criminal misconduct by, any Credit Party; (vii) no notice has been received 
by any Credit Party identifying it as a “potentially responsible party” or 
requesting information under CERCLA or analogous state statutes, and to the 
knowledge of the Credit Parties, there are no facts, circumstances or 
conditions that may result in any Credit Party being identified as a 
“potentially responsible party” under CERCLA or analogous state statutes; 
and (viii) the Credit Parties have provided to Agent copies of all existing 
environmental reports, reviews and audits and all written information 
pertaining to actual or potential Environmental Liabilities, in each case 
relating to any Credit Party.
 
(b)           Each Credit Party hereby acknowledges and agrees that Agent 
(i) is not now, and has not ever been, in control of any of the Real Estate 
or any Credit Party’s affairs, and (ii) does not have the capacity through 
the provisions of the Loan Documents or otherwise to influence any Credit 
Party’s conduct with respect to the ownership, operation or management of 
any of its Real Estate or compliance with Environmental Laws or 
Environmental Permits.
 
3.18.      Insurance.  Disclosure Schedule (3.18) lists all insurance 
policies of any nature maintained, as of the Closing Date, for current 
occurrences by each Credit Party, as well as a summary of the terms of each 
such policy.
 
3.19.      Deposit and Disbursement Accounts.  Disclosure Schedule (3.19) 
lists all banks and other financial institutions at which any Credit Party 
maintains deposit or other accounts as of the Closing Date, including any 
Disbursement Accounts, and such Schedule correctly identifies the name, 
address and telephone number of each depository, the name in which the 
account is held, a description of the purpose of the account, and the 
complete account number therefor.

 
30
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
3.20.      Government Contracts.  Except as set forth in Disclosure 
Schedule (3.20), as of the Closing Date, no Credit Party is a party to any 
contract or agreement with any Governmental Authority and no Credit Party’s 
Accounts are subject to the Federal Assignment of Claims Act (31 U.S.C. 
Section 3727) or any similar state or local law.
 
3.21.      Customer and Trade Relations.  As of the Closing Date, there 
exists no actual or, to the knowledge of any Credit Party, threatened 
termination or cancellation of, or any material adverse modification or 
change in: the business relationship of any Credit Party with any customer 
or group of customers whose purchases during the preceding 12 months caused 
them to be ranked among the ten largest customers of such Credit Party; or 
the business relationship of any Credit Party with any supplier material to 
its operations.
 
3.22.      Agreements and Other Documents.  Disclosure Schedule (3.22) 
accurately lists each of the following agreements or documents to which any 
Credit Party is subject as of the Closing Date: supply agreements and 
purchase agreements not terminable by such Credit Party within 60 days 
following written notice issued by such Credit Party and involving 
transactions in excess of $3,000,000 with respect to vendor supply 
agreements and $6,000,000 with respect to customer purchase agreements, in 
each case per annum; leases of Equipment having a remaining term of one 
year or longer and requiring aggregate rental and other payments in excess 
of $500,000 per annum; any surety bond agreement or bonding requirement 
with respect to products or services sold by it or any trademark or patent 
license agreement with respect to products sold by it; any other licenses 
and permits held by the Credit Parties, the absence of which could be 
reasonably likely to have a Material Adverse Effect; instruments and 
documents evidencing any Indebtedness or Guaranteed Indebtedness of such 
Credit Party and any Lien granted by such Credit Party with respect 
thereto; and instruments and agreements evidencing the issuance of any 
equity securities, warrants, rights or options to purchase equity 
securities of such Credit Party.
 
3.23.      Solvency.  Both before and after giving effect to (a) the Loans 
and Letter of Credit Obligations to be made or incurred on the Closing Date 
or such other date as Loans and Letter of Credit Obligations requested 
hereunder are made or incurred and the other transactions contemplated 
hereunder, (b) the disbursement of the proceeds of such Loans pursuant to 
the instructions of Borrower Representative; and (c) the payment and 
accrual of all transaction costs in connection with the foregoing, each 
Credit Party is and will be Solvent.
 
3.24.      Subordinated Debt.  As of the Closing Date, Borrowers have 
delivered to Agent a complete and correct copy of the Subordinated Debt 
Documents then in effect (including all schedules, exhibits, amendments, 
supplements, modifications, assignments and all other documents delivered 
pursuant thereto or in connection therewith).  SMP has the corporate power 
and authority to incur the Indebtedness evidenced by such Subordinated Debt 
Documents.  The subordination provisions of such Subordinated Debt 
Documents are enforceable against the holders of such Subordinated Debt 
Documents by Agent and Lenders.  All Obligations, including the Letter of 
Credit Obligations, constitute senior Indebtedness entitled to the benefits 
of the subordination provisions contained in such Subordinated Debt 
Documents.  Borrowers acknowledge that Agent and each Lender are entering 
into this Agreement and are extending the Commitments in reliance upon the 
subordination provisions of such Subordinated Debt Documents and this 
Section 3.24.

 
31
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
3.25.      Anti-Terrorism Laws.
 
(a)          General.  Neither any Borrower nor any Affiliate of any 
Borrower is in violation of any Anti-Terrorism Law or engages in or 
conspires to engage in any transaction that evades or avoids, or has the 
purpose of evading or avoiding, or attempts to violate, any of the 
prohibitions set forth in any Anti-Terrorism Law.
 
(b)          Executive Order No. 13224.  Neither any Borrower nor any 
Affiliate of any Borrower or their respective agents acting or benefiting 
in any capacity in connection with the Advances or other transactions 
hereunder, is any of the following (each a “Blocked Person”):
 
(i)            a Person that is listed in the annex to, or is otherwise 
subject to the provisions of, the Executive Order No. 13224;
 
(ii)           a Person owned or controlled by, or acting for or on behalf 
of, any Person that is listed in the annex to, or is otherwise subject to 
the provisions of, the Executive Order No. 13224;
 
(iii)          a Person or entity with which any Lender is prohibited from 
dealing or otherwise engaging in any transaction by any Anti-Terrorism Law;
 
(iv)          a Person or entity that commits, threatens or conspires to 
commit or supports “terrorism” as defined in the Executive Order No. 13224;
 
(v)           a Person or entity that is named as a “specially designated 
national” on the most current list published by the U.S. Treasury 
Department Office of Foreign Asset Control at its official website or any 
replacement website or other replacement official publication of such list, 
or
 
(vi)          a Person or entity who is affiliated or associated with a 
Person or entity listed above.
 
Neither any Borrower nor to the knowledge of any Borrower, any of its 
agents acting in any capacity in connection with the Advances or other 
transactions hereunder (i) conducts any business or engages in making or 
receiving any contribution of funds, goods or services to or for the 
benefit of any Blocked Person, or (ii) deals in, or otherwise engages in 
any transaction relating to, any property or interests in property blocked 
pursuant to the Executive Order No. 13224.
 
3.26.      Trading with the Enemy.  No Borrower has engaged, nor does it 
intend to engage, in any business or activity prohibited by the Trading 
with the Enemy Act.

 
32
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

4.
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND INFORMATION
 
4.1.        Reports and Notices.
 
(a)           SMP, in its capacity as Borrower Representative, hereby 
agrees that from and after the Closing Date and until the Termination Date, 
it shall deliver to Agent or to Agent and Lenders, as required, the 
Financial Statements, notices, Projections and other information at the 
times, to the Persons and in the manner set forth in Annex E.
 
(b)           SMP, in its capacity as Borrower Representative, hereby 
agrees that, from and after the Closing Date and until the Termination 
Date, it shall deliver to Agent or to Agent and Lenders, as required, the 
various Collateral Reports (including Borrowing Base Certificates in the 
form of Exhibit 4.1(b)) at the times, to the Persons and in the manner set 
forth in Annex F.
 
4.2.        Communication with Accountants.  Each Credit Party executing 
this Agreement authorizes (a) Agent and (b) so long as an Event of Default 
has occurred and is continuing, each Lender, to communicate directly with 
its independent certified public accountants, including Grant Thorton LLP 
and KPMG LLC, and authorizes and, at Agent’s request, shall instruct those 
accountants and advisors to disclose and make available to Agent and each 
Lender any and all Financial Statements and other supporting financial 
documents, schedules and information relating to any Credit Party 
(including copies of any issued management letters) with respect to the 
business, financial condition and other affairs of any Credit Party.  
Unless an Event of Default has occurred which is then continuing, Agent 
shall (i) notify SMP at least five (5) Business Days prior to any such 
communication with its accountants, and (ii) permit Borrowers to 
participate in any such discussions or meetings.
 
5.
AFFIRMATIVE COVENANTS
 
Each Credit Party executing this Credit Agreement jointly and severally 
agrees as to all Credit Parties that from and after the date hereof and 
until the Termination Date:
 
5.1.        Maintenance of Existence and Conduct of Business.  Each Credit 
Party shall: do or cause to be done all things necessary to preserve and 
keep in full force and effect its corporate existence and its rights and 
franchises; continue to conduct its business substantially as now conducted 
or as otherwise permitted hereunder; at all times maintain, preserve and 
protect all of its assets and properties used or useful in the conduct of 
its business, and keep the same in good repair, working order and condition 
in all material respects (taking into consideration ordinary wear and tear) 
and from time to time make, or cause to be made, all necessary or 
appropriate repairs, replacements and improvements thereto consistent with 
industry practices; and transact business only in such corporate and trade 
names as are set forth in Disclosure Schedule (5.1) or reported in 
accordance with Section 6.15.  Notwithstanding the foregoing or any 
provision herein to the contrary, SI may be dissolved or liquidated at any 
time at the discretion of SMP, provided that any assets then owned by SI 
are transferred to SMP and the applicable Borrowing Bases are recalculated 
accordingly.
 
5.2.        Payment of Charges.
 
(a)           Subject to Section 5.2(b), each Credit Party shall pay and 
discharge or cause to be paid and discharged promptly all Charges payable 
by it, including (i) Charges imposed upon it, its income and profits, or 
any of its property (real, personal or mixed) and all Charges with respect 
to tax, social security and unemployment withholding with respect to its 
employees, (ii) lawful claims for labor, materials, supplies and services 
or otherwise, and (iii) all storage or rental charges payable to 
warehousemen or bailees, in each case, before any thereof shall become past 
due.

 
33
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

(b)           Each Credit Party may in good faith contest, by appropriate 
proceedings, the validity or amount of any Charges, Taxes or claims 
described in Section 5.2(a); provided, that (i) adequate reserves with 
respect to such contest are maintained on the books of such Credit Party, 
in accordance with GAAP; (ii) no Lien shall be imposed to secure payment of 
such Charges (other than payments to warehousemen and/or bailees) that is 
superior to any of the Liens securing the Obligations and such contest is 
maintained and prosecuted continuously and with diligence and operates to 
suspend collection or enforcement of such Charges; (iii) none of the 
Collateral becomes subject to forfeiture or loss as a result of such 
contest; and (iv) such Credit Party shall promptly pay or discharge such 
contested Charges, Taxes or claims and all additional charges, interest, 
penalties and expenses, if any, and shall deliver to Agent evidence 
reasonably acceptable to Agent of such compliance, payment or discharge, if 
such contest is terminated or discontinued adversely to such Credit Party 
or the conditions set forth in this Section 5.2(b) are no longer met.
 
5.3.        Books and Records.  Each Credit Party shall keep adequate books 
and records with respect to its business activities in which proper 
entries, reflecting all financial transactions, are made in accordance with 
GAAP and on a basis consistent with the Financial Statements attached as 
Disclosure Schedule (3.4(a)).
 
5.4.        Insurance; Damage to or Destruction of Collateral.
 
(a)           The Credit Parties shall, at their sole cost and expense, 
maintain the policies of insurance described on Disclosure Schedule (3.18) 
as in effect on the date hereof or otherwise in form and amounts and with 
insurers reasonably acceptable to Agent.  Such policies of insurance (or 
the loss payable and additional insured endorsements delivered to Agent) 
shall contain provisions pursuant to which the insurer agrees to provide 
thirty (30) days prior written notice (or 10 days in the case of 
non-payment of premiums) to Agent in the event of any non-renewal, 
cancellation or amendment of any such insurance policy.  If any Credit 
Party at any time or times hereafter shall fail to obtain or maintain any 
of the policies of insurance required above, or to pay all premiums 
relating thereto, Agent may at any time or times thereafter obtain and 
maintain such policies of insurance and pay such premiums and take any 
other action with respect thereto that Agent deems advisable.  Agent shall 
have no obligation to obtain insurance for any Credit Party or pay any 
premiums therefor.  By doing so, Agent shall not be deemed to have waived 
any Default or Event of Default arising from any Credit Party’s failure to 
maintain such insurance or pay any premiums therefor.  All sums so 
disbursed, including reasonable attorneys’ fees, court costs and other 
charges related thereto, shall be payable on demand by Borrowers to Agent 
and shall be additional Obligations hereunder secured by the Collateral.

 
34
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

(b)           Agent reserves the right at any time upon any change in any 
Credit Party’s risk profile (including any change in the product mix 
maintained by any Credit Party or any laws affecting the potential 
liability of such Credit Party), upon delivery to the Borrower 
Representative of no less than thirty (30) days’ prior written notice to 
such effect, to require additional forms and limits of insurance to, in 
Agent’s opinion, adequately protect both Agent’s and Lenders’ interests in 
all or any portion of the Collateral and to ensure that each Credit Party 
is protected by insurance in amounts and with coverage customary for its 
industry.  If reasonably requested by Agent, each Credit Party shall 
deliver to Agent from time to time a report of a reputable insurance 
broker, reasonably satisfactory to Agent, with respect to its insurance 
policies.
 
(c)           Each Credit Party shall deliver to Agent, in form and 
substance reasonably satisfactory to Agent, endorsements to (i) all “All 
Risk” and business interruption insurance naming Agent, on behalf of itself 
and Lenders, as loss payee, and (ii) all general liability and other 
liability policies naming Agent, on behalf of itself and Lenders, as 
additional insured.  Each Credit Party irrevocably makes, constitutes and 
appoints Agent (and all officers, employees or agents designated by Agent), 
so long as any Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or the 
anticipated insurance proceeds exceed $500,000, as such Credit Party’s true 
and lawful agent and attorney in fact for the purpose of making, settling 
and adjusting claims under such “All Risk” policies of insurance, endorsing 
the name of such Credit Party on any check or other item of payment for the 
proceeds of such “All Risk” policies of insurance and for making all 
determinations and decisions with respect to such “All Risk” policies of 
insurance.  Agent shall have no duty to exercise any rights or powers 
granted to it pursuant to the foregoing power-of-attorney.  Borrower 
Representative shall promptly notify Agent of any loss, damage, or 
destruction to the Collateral in the amount of $250,000 or more, whether or 
not covered by insurance.  After deducting from such proceeds (i) the 
expenses, if any, incurred by Agent in the collection or handling thereof, 
and (ii) the amounts required to be paid to creditors (other than Lenders) 
having Permitted Encumbrances, Agent may, at its option, apply such 
proceeds to the reduction of the Obligations in accordance with Section 
1.3(d) (provided that in the case of insurance proceeds pertaining to any 
Credit Party that is not a Borrower, such insurance proceeds shall be 
applied ratably to all of the Loans owing by each Borrower), or permit or 
require the applicable Credit Party to use such money, or any part thereof, 
to replace, repair, restore or rebuild the Collateral in a diligent and 
expeditious manner with materials and workmanship of substantially the same 
quality as existed before the loss, damage or destruction.  Notwithstanding 
the foregoing, if the casualty giving rise to such insurance proceeds could 
not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect and such 
insurance proceeds do not exceed $500,000 in the aggregate, Agent shall 
permit the applicable Credit Party to replace, restore, repair or rebuild 
the property; provided that if such Credit Party shall not have completed 
or entered into binding agreements to complete such replacement, 
restoration, repair or rebuilding within 180 days of such casualty, Agent 
may apply such insurance proceeds to the Obligations in accordance with 
Section 1.3(d); provided, further, that in the case of insurance proceeds 
pertaining to any Credit Party that is not a Borrower, such insurance 
proceeds shall be applied ratably to all of the Loans owing by each 
Borrower.  All insurance proceeds that are to be made available to any 
Borrower to replace, repair, restore or rebuild the Collateral shall be 
applied by Agent to reduce the outstanding principal balance of the 
Revolving Loan of such Borrower (which application shall not result in a 
permanent reduction of the Commitment) and upon such application, Agent 
shall establish a Reserve against the separate Borrowing Base of the 
affected Borrower in an amount equal to the amount of such proceeds so 
applied.  All insurance proceeds made available to any Credit Party that is 
not a Borrower to replace, repair, restore or rebuild Collateral shall be 
deposited in a cash collateral account.  Thereafter, such funds shall be 
made available to that Borrower or Credit Party to provide funds to 
replace, repair, restore or rebuild the Collateral as follows: (i) Borrower 
Representative shall request a Revolving Credit Advance or a release from 
the cash collateral account be made to such Borrower or Credit Party in the 
amount requested to be released; (ii) so long as the conditions set forth 
in Section 2.2 have been met, Lenders shall make such Revolving Credit 
Advance or Agent shall release funds from the cash collateral account; and 
(iii) in the case of insurance proceeds applied against the Revolving Loan, 
the Reserve established with respect to such insurance proceeds shall be 
reduced by the amount of such Revolving Credit Advance.  To the extent not 
used to replace, repair, restore or rebuild the Collateral, such insurance 
proceeds shall be applied in accordance with Section 1.3(d); provided that 
in the case of insurance proceeds pertaining to any Credit Party that is 
not a Borrower, such insurance proceeds shall be applied ratably to all of 
the Loans owing by each Borrower.

 
35
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
5.5.        Compliance with Laws.  Each Credit Party shall comply with all 
federal, state, local and foreign laws and regulations applicable to it, 
including those relating to ERISA, labor laws and Environmental Laws and 
Environmental Permits, except to the extent that the failure to comply, 
individually or in the aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to have 
a Material Adverse Effect.
 
5.6.        Supplemental Disclosure.  From time to time as may be 
reasonably requested by Agent (which request will not be made more 
frequently than once each year absent the occurrence and continuance of a 
Default or an Event of Default) or at Credit Parties’ election, the Credit 
Parties shall supplement each Disclosure Schedule hereto, or any 
representation herein or in any other Loan Document, with respect to any 
matter hereafter arising that, if existing or occurring at the date of this 
Agreement, would have been required to be set forth or described in such 
Disclosure Schedule or as an exception to such representation or that is 
necessary to correct any information in such Disclosure Schedule or 
representation which has been rendered inaccurate thereby (and, in the case 
of any supplements to any Disclosure Schedule, such Disclosure Schedule 
shall be appropriately marked to show the changes made therein); provided 
that (a) except as provided below, no such supplement to any such 
Disclosure Schedule or representation shall amend, supplement or otherwise 
modify any Disclosure Schedule or representation, or be or be deemed a 
waiver of any Default or Event of Default resulting from the matters 
disclosed therein, except as consented to by Agent and Requisite Lenders in 
writing, and (b) no supplement shall be required or permitted as to 
representations and warranties that relate solely to the Closing Date.
 
5.7.        Intellectual Property.  Each Credit Party will conduct its 
business and affairs without infringement of or interference with any 
Intellectual Property of any other Person in any material respect and shall 
comply in all material respects with the terms of its Licenses.

 
36
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

5.8.        Environmental Matters.  Each Credit Party shall and shall cause 
each Person within its control to: (a) conduct its operations and keep and 
maintain its Real Estate in compliance with all Environmental Laws and 
Environmental Permits other than noncompliance that could not reasonably be 
expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; (b) implement any and all 
investigation, remediation, removal and response actions that are 
appropriate or necessary to comply with Environmental Laws and 
Environmental Permits pertaining to the presence, generation, treatment, 
storage, use, disposal, transportation or Release of any Hazardous Material 
on, at, in, under, above, to, from or about any of its Real Estate; (c) 
notify Agent promptly after such Credit Party becomes aware of any 
violation of Environmental Laws or Environmental Permits or any Release on, 
at, in, under, above, to, from or about any Real Estate that is reasonably 
likely to result in Environmental Liabilities in excess of $100,000; and 
(d) promptly forward to Agent a copy of any order, notice, request for 
information or any written communication or report received by such Credit 
Party in connection with any such violation or Release or any other matter 
relating to any Environmental Laws or Environmental Permits that could 
reasonably be expected to result in Environmental Liabilities in excess of 
$100,000, in each case whether or not the Environmental Protection Agency 
or any Governmental Authority has taken or threatened any action in 
connection with any such violation, Release or other matter.  If Agent at 
any time has a reasonable basis to believe that there may be a violation of 
any Environmental Laws or Environmental Permits by any Credit Party or any 
Environmental Liability arising thereunder, or a Release of Hazardous 
Materials on, at, in, under, above, to, from or about any of its Real 
Estate, that, in each case, could reasonably be expected to have a Material 
Adverse Effect, then each Credit Party shall, upon Agent’s written request, 
and subject to the requirements and restrictions imposed by any Person from 
which such Credit Party leases the applicable Real Estate, (i) cause the 
performance of such environmental audits including subsurface sampling of 
soil and groundwater, and preparation of such environmental reports, at 
Borrowers’ expense, as Agent may from time to time reasonably request, 
which shall be conducted by reputable environmental consulting firms 
reasonably acceptable to Agent and shall be in form and substance 
reasonably acceptable to Agent, and (ii) permit Agent or its 
representatives to have reasonable access to all Real Estate for the 
purpose of conducting such environmental audits and testing as Agent deems 
appropriate, including subsurface sampling of soil and groundwater.  
Borrowers shall reimburse Agent for the costs of such audits and tests and 
the same will constitute a part of the Obligations secured hereunder.
 
5.9.        Landlords’ Agreements, Mortgagee Agreements, Bailee Letters and 
Real Estate Purchases.  Each Credit Party shall obtain a landlord’s 
agreement, mortgagee agreement or bailee letter, as applicable, from the 
lessor of each leased property, mortgagee of owned property or bailee with 
respect to any warehouse, processor or converter facility or other location 
where Collateral is stored or located, which agreement or letter shall 
contain a waiver or subordination of all Liens or claims that the landlord, 
mortgagee or bailee may assert against the Collateral at that location, and 
shall otherwise be reasonably satisfactory in form and substance to Agent.  
With respect to such locations or warehouse space leased or owned as of the 
Closing Date and thereafter, if Agent has not received a landlord or 
mortgagee agreement or bailee letter as of the Closing Date (or, if later, 
as of the date such location is acquired or leased), any Borrower’s 
Eligible Inventory at that location shall, in Agent’s discretion, be 
excluded from the Borrowing Base or be subject to such Reserves as may be 
established by Agent in its reasonable credit judgment.  After the Closing 
Date, no real property or warehouse space shall be leased by any Credit 
Party and no Inventory shall be shipped to a processor or converter under 
arrangements established after the Closing Date without the prior written 
consent of Agent (which consent, in Agent’s discretion, may be conditioned 
upon the exclusion from the Borrowing Base of Eligible Inventory at that 
location or the establishment of Reserves acceptable to Agent) or, unless 
and until a reasonably satisfactory landlord agreement or bailee letter, as 
appropriate, shall first have been obtained with respect to such location.  
Each Credit Party shall timely and fully pay and perform its obligations 
under all leases and other agreements with respect to each leased location 
or public warehouse where any Collateral is or may be located.  To the 
extent otherwise permitted hereunder, if any Credit Party proposes to 
acquire a fee ownership interest in Real Estate after the Closing Date, it 
shall first provide to Agent a mortgage or deed of trust granting Agent a 
first priority Lien on such Real Estate, together with environmental 
audits, mortgage title insurance commitment, real property survey, local 
counsel opinion(s), and, if required by Agent, supplemental casualty 
insurance and flood insurance, and such other documents, instruments or 
agreements reasonably requested by Agent, in each case, in form and 
substance reasonably satisfactory to Agent.

 
37
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
5.10.      Further Assurances.  Each Credit Party executing this Agreement 
agrees that it shall and shall cause each other Credit Party to, at such 
Credit Party’s expense and upon request of Agent, duly execute and deliver, 
or cause to be duly executed and delivered, to Agent such further 
instruments and do and cause to be done such further acts as may be 
necessary or proper in the reasonable opinion of Agent to carry out more 
effectively the provisions and purposes of this Agreement and each Loan 
Document.
 
5.11.      Intentionally Omitted.
 
5.12.      BSE Sale.  (a)  SMP Canada shall cause its share of the cash 
proceeds of the BSE Sale to be distributed and/or lent to SMP and SMP shall 
apply such amounts, together with its share of the cash proceeds of the BSE 
Sale, to prepay the Loans in accordance with the provisions of Section 
1.3(b)(ii) of the Agreement.
 
(a)           The BSE Deferred Payment shall be evidenced by a promissory 
note in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Agent, which 
promissory note, upon the consummation of the BSE Sale, shall be duly 
pledged, endorsed and delivered to Agent as collateral security for the 
Obligations hereunder and shall be subject to a first priority Lien in 
favor of Agent, for its benefit and for the ratable benefit of Lenders, and 
SMP and SMP Canada shall execute and deliver such amendments to the 
applicable Pledge Agreement as is reasonably requested by Agent to evidence 
such Lien.
 
6.
NEGATIVE COVENANTS
 
Each Credit Party executing this Agreement jointly and severally agrees as 
to all Credit Parties that from and after the date hereof until the 
Termination Date:
 
6.1.        Mergers, Subsidiaries, Etc.  No Credit Party shall directly or 
indirectly, by operation of law or otherwise, (a) except as otherwise 
permitted in connection with a Permitted Acquisition, form any Subsidiary, 
or (b) merge with, consolidate with, acquire all or substantially all of 
the assets or Stock of, or otherwise combine with or acquire, any Person, 
except that any Borrower may merge with another Borrower and any other 
Credit Party may merge into any Borrower, provided that Borrower 
Representative shall be the survivor of any such merger to which it is a 
party.  Notwithstanding the foregoing clause (b), any Borrower, may acquire 
or, subject to the last sentence of this Section 6.1, form a Subsidiary to 
acquire, all or substantially all of the assets or Stock of any Person (the 
“Target”) (in each case, a “Permitted Acquisition”) subject to the 
satisfaction of each of the following conditions.
 
(i)           Agent shall receive at least fifteen (15) Business Days’ 
prior written notice of such proposed Permitted Acquisition, which notice 
shall include a reasonably detailed description of such proposed Permitted 
Acquisition, and with respect to any proposed Permitted Acquisition 
involving a purchase price consideration (inclusive of any assumption of 
liabilities) in excess of $25,000,000, Requisite Lenders shall have 
consented to such Proposed Acquisition;

 
38
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
(ii)          such Permitted Acquisition shall only involve assets 
comprising a business, or those assets of a business, of, or similar to, 
the types engaged in by Borrowers as of the Closing Date, and which 
business would not subject Agent or any Lender to regulatory or third party 
approvals in connection with the exercise of its rights and remedies under 
this Agreement or any other Loan Documents other than approvals applicable 
to the exercise of such rights and remedies with respect to Borrowers prior 
to such Permitted Acquisition;
 
(iii)         such Permitted Acquisition shall be consensual and shall have 
been approved by the Target’s board of directors;
 
(iv)         Concurrently with delivery of the notice referred to in clause 
(i) above, with respect to any Permitted Acquisition involving a purchase 
price consideration (inclusive of any assumption of liabilities) in excess 
of $7,500,000, Borrowers shall have delivered to Agent, in form and 
substance reasonably satisfactory to Agent:
 
           (A)           a pro forma consolidated balance sheet, income
           statement and cash flow statement of Borrowers and their
           respective Subsidiaries (the “Acquisition Pro Forma”), based on
           recent financial statements, which shall be complete and shall
           fairly present in all material respects the assets, liabilities,
           financial condition and results of operations of Borrowers and
           their respective Subsidiaries in accordance with GAAP
           consistently applied, but taking into account such Permitted
           Acquisition and the funding of all Loans in connection
           therewith;
 
           (B)           updated versions of the most recently delivered
           Projections covering the 1-year period commencing on the date of
           such Permitted Acquisition and otherwise prepared in accordance
           with the Projections (the “Acquisition Projections”) and based
           upon historical financial data of a recent date reasonably
           satisfactory to Agent, taking into account such Permitted
           Acquisition; and
 
           (C)           a certificate of the chief financial officer or
           treasurer of each Borrower to the effect that: (w) each Borrower
           (after taking into consideration all rights of contribution and
           indemnity such Borrower has against each other Subsidiary of
           each Borrower) will be Solvent upon the consummation of the
           Permitted Acquisition; (x) the Acquisition Pro Forma fairly
           presents the financial condition of Borrowers (on a consolidated
           basis) as of the date thereof after giving effect to the
           Permitted Acquisition; (y) the Acquisition Projections are
           reasonable estimates of the future financial performance of
           Borrowers subsequent to the date thereof based upon the
           historical performance of Borrowers and the Target and show that
           Borrowers shall continue to be in compliance with the financial
           covenants set forth in Annex G for the 3-year period thereafter;
           and (z) Borrowers have completed their due diligence
           investigation with respect to the Target and such Permitted
           Acquisition, which investigation was conducted in a manner
           similar to that which would have been conducted by a prudent
           purchaser of a comparable business and the results of which
           investigation were delivered to Agent and Lenders;

 
39
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
(v)           on or prior to the date of such Permitted Acquisition, Agent 
shall have received copies of the acquisition agreement and related 
agreements and instruments, and all opinions, certificates, lien search 
results and other documents relating thereto; and
 
(vi)           at the time of such Permitted Acquisition and after giving 
effect thereto, (x) Borrowing Availability of all Borrowers exceeds 
$20,000,000 and (y) no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is 
continuing.
 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, (a) the Accounts, Inventory, Equipment and 
Real Estate of the Target shall not be included in Eligible Accounts, 
Eligible Inventory, Eligible Equipment and Eligible Real Estate until (x) 
Agent determines, on the basis of any field examinations and appraisals 
conducted by it in connection with such Permitted Acquisition, the 
appropriate advance rates and Reserves applicable thereto and (y) such 
assets become subject to the first priority perfected security interests of 
Agent and otherwise meet the eligibility criteria which apply to such 
assets and (b) whether or not the assets thereof become part of the 
Borrowing Base, if a new Subsidiary is formed in connection with any 
Permitted Acquisition, or, if the Permitted Acquisition is of Stock of a 
Person which, upon consummation thereof, would become a Subsidiary, such 
Subsidiary shall (i) if a domestic Subsidiary, (x) become a Credit Party 
hereunder, (y) enter into a guaranty and a security agreement, each in form 
and substance identical to the Subsidiary Guaranty and the Security 
Agreement, and (z) take such other action as may be reasonably requested by 
Agent to have the assets of such Subsidiary become subject to the first 
priority perfected security interests of Agent, and (ii) if a foreign 
Subsidiary, take such action as may be reasonably requested by Agent to 
have 51% of the Stock of such foreign Subsidiary to be pledged to Agent and 
subject to the first priority perfected security interest of Agent provided 
that if such .foreign Subsidiary is a “check the box” subsidiary, 100% of 
the stock shall be pledged to Agent and subject to the first priority 
perfected security interest of Agent.

 
40
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

6.2.        Investments; Loans and Advances.  Except as otherwise expressly 
permitted by this Section 6, no Credit Party shall make or permit to exist 
any investment in, or make, accrue or permit to exist loans or advances of 
money to, any Person, through the direct or indirect lending of money, 
holding of securities or otherwise, except that: (a) Borrowers may hold 
investments comprised of notes payable, or stock or other securities issued 
by Account Debtors to any Borrower pursuant to negotiated agreements with 
respect to settlement of such Account Debtor’s Accounts in the ordinary 
course of business, so long as the aggregate amount of such Accounts so 
settled by Borrowers does not exceed, without the prior written approval of 
Agent, $1,500,000, plus those in existence on the Closing Date which are 
set forth on Disclosure Schedule (6.2); (b) each Credit Party may maintain 
its existing investments in its Subsidiaries, and joint ventures identified 
on Disclosure Schedule (6.2), as of the Closing Date plus up to the sum of 
$5,000,000 during each Fiscal Year (with respect to such joint ventures), 
so long as after giving effect thereto (x) Borrowing Availability of all 
Borrowers exceeds $20,000,000 and (y) no Default or Event of Default has 
occurred and is continuing; (c) SMP HK may maintain deposits of cash and 
investments in cash equivalents in an amount not to exceed $10,000,000 at 
anytime, so long as after giving effect thereto (x) Borrowing Availability 
of all Borrowers exceeds $20,000,000 and (y) no Default or Event of Default 
has occurred and is continuing; (d) [Intentionally Omitted]; (e) SMP may 
maintain deposits of cash and investments in cash equivalents in an amount 
not to exceed, in the aggregate, $5,000,000 at any time; (f) Borrowers may 
make overnight investments of credit balances with respect to Index Rate 
Loans in Permitted Overnight Investments; (g) Borrowers may make loans to 
its Subsidiaries, so long as after giving effect thereto (x) Borrowing 
Availability of all Borrowers exceeds $20,000,000 and (y) no Default or 
Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, up to the sum of 
$20,000,000 at any time outstanding in the aggregate, less the amount of 
loans converted to equity pursuant to clause (i) hereinbelow; (h) Borrowers 
may increase their investments in Subsidiaries, and/or purchase a minority 
stock interest in other entities, not earlier than fifteen (15) Business 
Days after delivering to Agent a notice similar to that required under 
Section 6.1(a)(i) together with financial statements substantially similar 
to an Acquisition Pro Forma described in Section 6.1(a)(iv)(A) indicating 
that (x) average daily Borrowing Availability of all Borrowers for the 
30-day period preceding the consummation of such investment would have 
exceeded $20,000,000 on a pro forma basis (after giving effect to such 
investment and all Loans funded in connection therewith as if made on the 
first day of such period) and (y) on a pro forma basis, no Event of Default 
has occurred and is continuing or would result after giving effect to such 
investment, and (i) from and after the Closing Date, Borrowers may convert 
to equity up to an aggregate amount of $6,000,000 of loans due from 
Subsidiaries so long as after giving effect to such conversion Borrowing 
Availability of all Borrowers exceeds $20,000,000.
 
6.3.        Indebtedness.
 
(a)           No Credit Party shall create, incur, assume or permit to 
exist any Indebtedness, except (without duplication) (i) Indebtedness 
secured by purchase money security interests and Capital Leases permitted 
in Section 6.7(c) or as otherwise permitted in Section 6.7(c), (ii) the 
Loans and the other Obligations, (iii) unfunded pension fund and other 
employee benefit plan obligations and liabilities to the extent they are 
permitted to remain unfunded under applicable law, (iv) existing 
Indebtedness described in Disclosure Schedule (6.3) and refinancings 
thereof or amendments or modifications thereto that do not have the effect 
of increasing the principal amount thereof or changing the amortization 
thereof (other than to extend the same) and that are otherwise on terms and 
conditions no less favorable to any Credit Party, Agent or any Lender, as 
determined by Agent, than the terms of the Indebtedness being refinanced, 
amended or modified, (v) Indebtedness consisting of intercompany loans and 
advances made by SMP Canada or any Borrower to any other Borrower or to SMP 
Canada as the case may be; provided, that: (A) each Borrower and SMP Canada 
shall have executed and delivered to each other Borrower or SMP Canada as 
the case may be, on the Closing Date, a demand note (collectively, the “
Intercompany Notes”) to evidence any such intercompany Indebtedness owing 
at any time by such Borrower or SMP Canada to such other Borrowers or SMP 
Canada, as the case may be, which Intercompany Notes shall be in form and 
substance reasonably satisfactory to Agent and shall be pledged and 
delivered to Agent pursuant to the applicable Pledge Agreement or Security 
Agreement as additional collateral security for the Obligations; (B) each 
Borrower and SMP Canada shall record all intercompany transactions on its 
books and records in a manner reasonably satisfactory to Agent; (C) the 
obligations of each Borrower and SMP Canada under any such Intercompany 
Notes shall be subordinated to the Obligations of such Borrower or SMP 
Canada hereunder in a manner reasonably satisfactory to Agent; (D) at the 
time any such intercompany loan or advance is made by any Borrower to any 
other Borrower or SMP Canada and after giving effect thereto, each such 
Borrower shall be Solvent; (E) no Default or Event of Default would occur 
and be continuing after giving effect to any such proposed intercompany 
loan; and (F) in the case of any intercompany Indebtedness, the Borrower 
advancing such funds shall have Borrowing Availability under its separate 
Borrowing Base of not less than (x) $1,850,000 in the case of SMP and (y) 
$350,000 in the case of SI, each after giving effect to such intercompany 
loan, (vi) Indebtedness consisting of intercompany loans and advances made 
by a Subsidiary of any Credit Party which is not itself a Credit Party to 
any other Credit Party, (vii) Capital Leases to the extent they are 
permitted in Section 6.7(a), (viii) Indebtedness incurred pursuant to the 
Canadian Loan Agreement, (ix) Indebtedness incurred pursuant to Rate 
Protection Agreements and any interest rate swap, cap, collar, or similar 
agreement arranged by GE Capital and supported by a Swap Related L/C and  
(x) to the extent that the purchase of Auto Supplier Accounts by any 
special purpose vehicle pursuant to an Auto Supplier Program is judicially 
re-characterized as a grant of collateral by any Borrower to secure 
financing, Indebtedness in respect of the applicable Auto Supplier Program.

 
41
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
(b)           No Credit Party shall, directly or indirectly, voluntarily 
purchase, redeem, defease or prepay any principal of, premium, if any, 
interest or other amount payable in respect of any Indebtedness prior to 
its scheduled maturity, other than (i) the Obligations; (ii) the 
refinancing, repurchase and/or redemption of Subordinated Debt in 
accordance with the terms of Section 6.14(e)(iii); (iii) Indebtedness 
secured by a Permitted Encumbrance if the asset securing such Indebtedness 
has been sold or otherwise disposed of in accordance with Sections 6.8(b) 
or (c); (iv) Indebtedness permitted by Section 6.3(a)(iv) upon any 
refinancing thereof in accordance with Section 6.3(a)(iv); and (v) as 
otherwise permitted in Section 6.14.
 
6.4.        Employee Loans and Affiliate Transactions.
 
(a)           Except as otherwise expressly permitted in this Section 6 
with respect to Affiliates, no Credit Party shall enter into or be a party 
to any transaction with any other Credit Party or any Affiliate thereof 
except in the ordinary course of and pursuant to the reasonable 
requirements of such Credit Party’s business and upon fair and reasonable 
terms that are no less favorable to such Credit Party than would be 
obtained in a comparable arm’s length transaction with a Person not an 
Affiliate of such Credit Party.  In addition, if any such transaction or 
series of related transactions not otherwise permitted under Article 6 
involves payments in excess of $50,000 for any single transaction or 
$250,000 in the aggregate for all Credit Parties, the terms of these 
transactions must be disclosed in advance to Agent and Lenders.  All such 
transactions existing as of the date hereof are described in Disclosure 
Schedule (6.4(a)).

 
42
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

(b)           No Credit Party shall enter into any lending or borrowing 
transaction with any employees of any Credit Party, except (i) loans to its 
respective employees in the ordinary course of business consistent with 
past practices for travel and entertainment expenses, (ii) loans to its 
respective employees in an amount not to exceed for each employee 25% of 
the employee’s compensation to finance such employee’s purchase of SMP 
Stock, (iii) loans to executive officers to finance their purchase of SMP 
Stock in which under Credit Parties’ policies such officers are to have 
invested at any time an amount equal to 50% of their current compensation, 
and (iv) loans to employees who have been relocated at a Credit Party’s 
request to assist them in financing the purchase of a new residence and 
related moving expenses pending the sale of their former residence, not to 
exceed, in the aggregate with respect to all such employee or executive 
officer loans described in clauses (i), (ii), (iii) and (iv) of this 
subsection (b), a maximum of $1,000,000 to any employee or executive 
officer and up to a maximum of $2,000,000 in the aggregate at any one time 
outstanding for all employees and executive officers.
 
6.5.        Capital Structure and Business.  No Credit Party shall (a) make 
any changes in any of its business objectives, purposes or operations that 
could reasonably be expected to have or result in a Material Adverse 
Effect, (b) make any change in its capital structure as described in 
Disclosure Schedule (3.8), including the issuance or sale of any shares of 
Stock, warrants or other securities convertible into Stock or any revision 
of the terms of its outstanding Stock; provided that (i) any Credit Party 
may issue or sell shares of its stock to any other Credit Party, and (ii) 
SMP may buy or sell shares of its Stock for cash so long as (x) the 
proceeds thereof are applied in prepayment of the Obligations as required 
by Section 1.3(b)(iii), and (y) no Change of Control occurs after giving 
effect thereto, or (c) amend its charter or bylaws in a manner that would 
adversely affect Agent or Lenders or such Credit Party’s duty or ability to 
repay the Obligations.  No Credit Party shall engage in any business other 
than the businesses currently engaged in by it or businesses reasonably 
similar or related thereto. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Agent and 
Lenders consent to the dissolution of SI, provided, that (i) upon the 
dissolution of SI, the assets of SI shall have been transferred to SMP and 
remain subject to Agent’s and Lenders’ first priority perfected security 
interest and (ii) upon dissolution of SI, the amount of SI Amortizing 
Availability, shall become $0 and the amount of SI Amortizing Availability, 
immediately prior to such dissolution shall be added to SMP Amortizing 
Availability.
 
6.6.        Guaranteed Indebtedness.  No Credit Party shall create, incur, 
assume or permit to exist any Guaranteed Indebtedness except (a) by 
endorsement of instruments or items of payment for deposit to the general 
account of any Credit Party, (b) for Guaranteed Indebtedness incurred for 
the benefit of any other Credit Party if the primary obligation is 
expressly permitted by this Agreement other than Indebtedness, if any, of a 
Target existing at the time such Target is acquired, (c) Guaranteed 
Indebtedness incurred by SMP for the payment or performance of lease 
obligations for the benefit of its Subsidiaries not to exceed $5,000,000 in 
the aggregate at any time, (d) for Guaranteed Indebtedness incurred 
pursuant to the Guaranty dated June 27, 2003 made by SMP in favor of 
JPMorgan Chase Bank in connection with the transfer of ownership to SMP LLC 
of the Real Estate of SMP located in Long Island City, New York and (e) for 
Guaranteed Indebtedness in place as of the date hereof and listed on 
Schedule 6.6 hereto.

 
43
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

6.7.        Liens.  No Credit Party shall create, incur, assume or permit 
to exist any Lien on or with respect to its Accounts or any of its other 
properties or assets (whether now owned or hereafter acquired) except for 
(a) Permitted Encumbrances; (b) Liens in existence on the date hereof and 
summarized on Disclosure Schedule (6.7) securing the Indebtedness described 
on Disclosure Schedule (6.3) and permitted refinancings, extensions and 
renewals thereof, including extensions or renewals of any such Liens; 
provided that the principal amount of the Indebtedness so secured is not 
increased and the Lien does not attach to any other property; (c) Liens 
created after the date hereof (i) by conditional sale or other title 
retention agreements (including Capital Leases) or (ii) in connection with 
purchase money Indebtedness with respect to Equipment, Fixtures and Real 
Estate acquired by any Credit Party in the ordinary course of business, 
involving the incurrence of an aggregate amount of purchase money 
Indebtedness and Capital Lease Obligations of not more than $10,000,000 
outstanding at any one time for all such Liens (provided that all such 
Liens described in this subsection 6.7(c)(ii) attach only to the assets 
subject to such purchase money debt and such Indebtedness is incurred 
within 20 days following such purchase and does not exceed 100% of the 
purchase price of the subject assets); (d) Liens securing the Indebtedness 
incurred under or pursuant to the Canadian Loan Agreement; and (e) Liens in 
respect of any Auto Supplier Accounts of any Borrower owed by an Account 
Debtor participating in any Auto Supplier Program securing Indebtedness 
permitted under Section 6.3(a)(xi).
 
6.8.        Sale of Stock and Assets.  No Credit Party shall sell, 
transfer, convey, assign or otherwise dispose of any of its properties or 
other assets, including the Stock of any of its Subsidiaries (whether in a 
public or a private offering or otherwise) or any of its Accounts, other 
than (a) the sale of Inventory in the ordinary course of business, and (b) 
the sale, transfer, conveyance or other disposition by a Credit Party of 
Equipment, Fixtures or Real Estate that are obsolete or no longer used or 
useful in such Credit Party’s business and having a net book value, not 
exceeding $2,000,000 in the aggregate in any Fiscal Year; (c) other 
Equipment and Fixtures having a net book value not exceeding $5,000,000 in 
the aggregate in any Fiscal Year (d) the sale of approximately 8 acres of 
vacant land located in Coppell, Texas; (e) licenses of Intellectual 
Property for uses not pursued by Credit Parties or in geographic markets 
not served by Credit Parties or in order to enable a supplier to 
manufacture Inventory for a Credit Party as long as the proceeds from such 
licenses are remitted to Agent for application to the Loans; (f) the sale 
of the Real Estate owned by the Credit Parties in Forth Worth, Texas; (g) 
Draft Monetization; (h) the BSE Sale; (i) the sale of Borrowers’ Real 
Estate located in Reno, Nevada; (j) the sale of Borrower’s Real Estate 
located in Grapevine, Texas and (k) the sale of Auto Supplier Accounts in 
an aggregate amount not to exceed $5,000,000 at any one time outstanding.  
With respect to any disposition of assets or other properties permitted 
pursuant to clauses (b), (c), (d), (h) and(i) above, subject to Section 
1.3(b), Agent agrees on reasonable prior written notice to release its Lien 
on such assets or other properties in order to permit the applicable Credit 
Party to effect such disposition and shall execute, if necessary, and 
deliver to Borrowers, at Borrowers’ expense, appropriate UCC-3 termination 
statements and other releases as reasonably requested by Borrowers.
 
6.9.        ERISA.  No Credit Party shall, or shall cause or permit any 
ERISA Affiliate to, cause or permit to occur (i) an event that could result 
in the imposition of a Lien under Section 412 of the IRC or Section 302 or 
4068 of ERISA or (ii) cause or permit to occur an ERISA Event to the extent 
such ERISA Event could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse 
Effect.
 
6.10.      Financial Covenants.  Any time the aggregate average daily 
Aggregate Borrowing Availability in the aggregate for any continuous thirty 
(30) day period is less than $30,000,000 or the aggregate daily Aggregate 
Borrowing Availability is $20,000,000 or less, Borrowers shall not breach 
or fail to comply with any of the Financial Covenants.  In the event the 
foregoing Aggregate Borrowing Availability threshold is violated, Borrowers 
shall be required to comply with the Financial Covenants until Borrowers 
have maintained an average Aggregate Borrowing Availability of $30,000,000 
or greater for a continuous ninety (90) day period, as determined by Agent 
in its reasonable discretion.

 
44
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
6.11.      Hazardous Materials.  No Credit Party shall cause or permit a 
Release of any Hazardous Material on, at, in, under, above, to, from or 
about any of the Real Estate where such Release would (a) violate in any 
respect, or form the basis for any Environmental Liabilities under, any 
Environmental Laws or Environmental Permits or (b) otherwise adversely 
impact the value or marketability of any of the owned Real Estate or any of 
the Collateral, other than such violations or Environmental Liabilities 
that could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.
 
6.12.      Sale Leasebacks.  No Credit Party shall engage in any sale 
leaseback, synthetic lease or similar transaction involving any of its 
assets other than sale leasebacks of the Excluded Real Property.
 
6.13.      Cancellation of Indebtedness.  No Credit Party shall cancel any 
claim or debt owing to it, except for reasonable consideration negotiated 
on an arm’s length basis and in the ordinary course of its business 
consistent with past practices.
 
6.14.      Restricted Payments.  No Credit Party shall make any Restricted 
Payment, except (a) intercompany loans and advances between Borrowers to 
the extent permitted by Section 6.3, (b) dividends and distributions by 
Subsidiaries of any Borrower paid to such Borrower, (c) employee loans 
permitted under Section 6.4(b), (d) payments of principal and interest of 
Intercompany Notes issued in accordance with Section 6.3 and, to the extent 
not prohibited by any applicable subordination provisions, payments of 
interest on Subordinated Debt; and (e) subject to the provisos which follow 
in each of subsections (i), (ii) and (iii) below, SMP may (i) pay cash 
dividends up to $12,000,000 in any twelve (12) month period provided that 
(x) Credit Parties shall have Excess Formula Availability on a pro forma 
basis of not less than $20,000,000 and (y) no Default or Event of Default 
shall have occurred and be continuing or would occur as a result of the 
payment of such cash dividend, (ii) make payments on account of the 
purchase or redemption of its common stock, provided that (x) the aggregate 
cash utilized to effectuate such purchases or redemptions shall not exceed 
$5,000,000 from and after the Closing Date, (y) Credit Parties shall have 
Excess Formula Availability on a pro forma basis of not less than 
$30,000,000 and (z) no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and 
be continuing or would occur as a result of such purchases or redemptions, 
and (iii) refinance, repurchase or redeem Subordinated Debt under the 2009 
Indenture provided that (w) the aggregate amount of such refinanced, 
repurchased or redeemed Subordinated Debt shall not exceed $50,000,000, (x) 
no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred or be continuing or 
would occur as result of such refinance, repurchase or redemption and (y) 
Credit Parties shall have Excess Formula Availability on a pro forma basis 
of not less than $30,000,000 after giving effect to such refinance, 
repurchase or redemption.
 
6.15.      Change of Corporate Name, State of Incorporation or Location; 
Change of Fiscal Year.  No Credit Party shall (a) change its corporate name 
or trade name or (b) change its chief executive office, principal place of 
business, corporate offices or warehouses or locations at which Collateral 
is held or stored, or the location of its records concerning the 
Collateral, in each case without at least thirty (30) days prior written 
notice to Agent and after Agent’s written acknowledgment that any 
reasonable action requested by Agent in connection therewith, including to 
continue the perfection of any Liens in favor of Agent, on behalf of 
Lenders, in any Collateral, has been completed or taken, and provided that 
any such new location shall be in the continental United States or, with 
respect to SMP Canada, Canada.  No Credit Party shall change its Fiscal 
Year.

 
45
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
6.16.      No Impairment of Intercompany Transfers.  No Credit Party shall 
directly or indirectly enter into or become bound by any agreement, 
instrument, indenture or other obligation (other than this Agreement and 
the other Loan Documents) that could directly or indirectly restrict, 
prohibit or require the consent of any Person with respect to the payment 
of dividends or distributions or the making or repayment of intercompany 
loans by a Subsidiary of any Borrower to any Borrower or between Borrowers.
 
6.17.      No Speculative Transactions.  No Credit Party shall engage in 
any transaction involving commodity options, futures contracts or similar 
transactions, except solely to hedge against fluctuations in the prices of 
commodities owned or purchased by it and the values of foreign currencies 
receivable or payable by it and interest swaps, caps or collars, so long as 
such proposed hedging transaction is upon prior notice of same to Agent and 
the agreements effectuating such proposed hedging transaction are 
satisfactory to Agent in form and substance.
 
6.18.      Leases.  No Credit Party shall enter into any operating lease 
for (A) Equipment if the aggregate amount of all such operating lease 
payments payable in any Fiscal Year for all Credit Parties on a 
consolidated basis would exceed One Hundred Twenty percent (120%) of the 
aggregate amount of all such payments in the prior Fiscal Year or for (B) 
Real Estate if the aggregate amount of all such operating lease payments 
payable in any Fiscal Year for all Credit Parties on a consolidated basis 
would exceed One Hundred Twenty percent (120%) of the aggregate of all such 
payments in the prior Fiscal Year plus the value of the annualized lease 
payments with respect to any Excluded Property in which a sale leaseback 
transaction was consummated for such property in the prior Fiscal Year.
 
6.19.      Changes Relating to Subordinated Debt; Material Contracts.
 
(a)           No Credit Party shall change or amend the terms of any 
Subordinated Debt (or any indenture or agreement in connection therewith) 
if the effect of such amendment is to: (a) increase the interest rate on 
such Subordinated Debt; (b) change the dates upon which payments of 
principal or interest are due on such Subordinated Debt other than to 
extend such dates; (c) change any default or event of default other than to 
delete or make less restrictive any default provision therein, or add any 
covenant with respect to such Subordinated Debt; (d) change the redemption 
or prepayment provisions of such Subordinated Debt other than to extend the 
dates therefor or to reduce the premiums payable in connection therewith; 
(e) except as otherwise provided in the last sentence of Section 6.3, grant 
any security or collateral to secure payment of such Subordinated Debt; or 
(f) change or amend any other term if such change or amendment would 
materially increase the obligations of the Credit Party thereunder or 
confer additional material rights on the holder of such Subordinated Debt 
in a manner adverse to any Credit Party, Agent or any Lender.

 
46
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
(b)           No Credit Party shall change or amend the terms of any of 
purchase or sale agreement involving the acquisition or disposition of any 
business of such Credit Party relating to indemnity provisions or deferred 
purchase payments.
 
6.20.      Inactive Subsidiaries.  None of the Credit Parties or their 
Subsidiaries identified on Disclosure Schedule (3.8) as “inactive” shall 
engage in any trade or business, or own any assets (other than Stock of 
their Subsidiaries) or incur any Indebtedness or Guaranteed Indebtedness 
(other than the Obligations).
 
6.21.      No Amendment to Auto Supplier Program Documents.  No Credit 
Party shall, without the prior written consent of Agent, amend or otherwise 
modify (or agree to an amendment or other modification to) any term of any 
documents executed in connection with any Auto Supplier Program.
 
7.
TERM
 
7.1.        Termination.  The financing arrangements contemplated hereby 
shall be in effect until the Commitment Termination Date, and the Loans and 
all other Obligations shall be automatically due and payable in full on 
such date.
 
7.2.        Survival of Obligations Upon Termination of Financing 
Arrangements.  Except as otherwise expressly provided for in the Loan 
Documents, no termination or cancellation (regardless of cause or 
procedure) of any financing arrangement under this Agreement shall in any 
way affect or impair the obligations, duties and liabilities of the Credit 
Parties or the rights of Agent and Lenders relating to any unpaid portion 
of the Loans or any other Obligations, due or not due, liquidated, 
contingent or unliquidated, or any transaction or event occurring prior to 
such termination, or any transaction or event, the performance of which is 
required after the Commitment Termination Date.  Except as otherwise 
expressly provided herein or in any other Loan Document, all undertakings, 
agreements, covenants, warranties and representations of or binding upon 
the Credit Parties, and all rights of Agent and each Lender, all as 
contained in the Loan Documents, shall not terminate or expire, but rather 
shall survive any such termination or cancellation and shall continue in 
full force and effect until the Termination Date; provided, that the 
provisions of Section 11, the payment obligations under Sections 1.15 and 
1.16, and the indemnities contained in the Loan Documents shall survive the 
Termination Date.
 
8.
EVENTS OF DEFAULT; RIGHTS AND REMEDIES
 
8.1.        Events of Default.  The occurrence of any one or more of the 
following events (regardless of the reason therefor) shall constitute an 
“Event of Default” hereunder:
 
(a)           Any Borrower (i) fails to make any payment of principal of, 
or interest on, or Fees owing in respect of, the Loans or any of the other 
Obligations when due and payable, or (ii) fails to pay or reimburse Agent 
or Lenders for any expense reimbursable hereunder or under any other Loan 
Document within ten (10) days following Agent’s demand for such 
reimbursement or payment of expenses.

 
47
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
(b)           Any Credit Party fails or neglects to perform, keep or 
observe any of the provisions of Sections 1.4, 1.8, 5.4(a) or 6, or any of 
the provisions set forth in Annexes C or G, respectively.
 
(c)           Any Borrower fails or neglects to perform, keep or observe 
any of the provisions of Section 4 or any provisions set forth in Annexes E 
or F, respectively, and the same shall remain unremedied for five (5) 
Business Days or more.
 
(d)           Any Credit Party fails or neglects to perform, keep or 
observe any other provision of this Agreement or of any of the other Loan 
Documents (other than any provision embodied in or covered by any other 
clause of this Section 8.1) and the same shall remain unremedied for thirty 
(30) days or more.
 
(e)           A default or breach occurs under any other agreement, 
document or instrument to which any Credit Party is a party that is not 
cured or waived within any applicable grace period therefor, and such 
default or breach (i) involves the failure to make any payment when due in 
respect of any Indebtedness or Guaranteed Indebtedness (other than the 
Obligations) of any Credit Party in excess of $500,000 in the aggregate 
(including (x) undrawn committed or available amounts and (y) amounts owing 
to all creditors under any combined or syndicated credit arrangements), or 
(ii) causes, or permits any holder of such Indebtedness or Guaranteed 
Indebtedness or a trustee to cause, Indebtedness or Guaranteed Indebtedness 
or a portion thereof in excess of $500,000 in the aggregate to become due 
prior to its stated maturity or prior to its regularly scheduled dates of 
payment, or cash collateral in respect thereof to be demanded, in each 
case, regardless of whether such default is waived beyond any applicable 
cure period, or such right is exercised, by such holder or trustee.
 
(f)           Any information contained in any Borrowing Base Certificate 
is untrue or incorrect in any respect (other than inadvertent, immaterial 
errors not exceeding $2,000,000 in the aggregate in any Borrowing Base 
Certificate), or any representation or warranty herein or in any Loan 
Document or in any written statement, report, financial statement or 
certificate (other than a Borrowing Base Certificate) made or delivered to 
Agent or any Lender by any Credit Party is untrue or incorrect in any 
material respect as of the date when made or deemed made.
 
(g)           Assets of any Credit Party with a fair market value of 
$100,000 or more are attached, seized, levied upon or subjected to a writ 
or distress warrant, or come within the possession of any receiver, 
trustee, custodian or assignee for the benefit of creditors of any Credit 
Party and such condition continues for thirty (30) days or more.
 
(h)           A case or proceeding is commenced against any Credit Party 
seeking a decree or order in respect of such Credit Party (i) under the 
Bankruptcy Code, or any other applicable federal, state or foreign 
bankruptcy or other similar law, (ii) appointing a custodian, receiver, 
liquidator, assignee, trustee or sequestrator (or similar official) for 
such Credit Party or for any substantial part of any such Credit Party’s 
assets, or (iii) ordering the winding up or liquidation of the affairs of 
such Credit Party, and such case or proceeding shall remain undismissed or 
unstayed for sixty (60) days or more or a decree or order granting the 
relief sought in such case or proceeding is granted by a court of competent 
jurisdiction.

 
48
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
(i)            Any Credit Party (i) files a petition seeking relief under 
the Bankruptcy Code, or any other applicable federal, state or foreign 
bankruptcy or other similar law, (ii) consents to or fails to contest in a 
timely and appropriate manner the institution of proceedings thereunder or 
the filing of any such petition or the appointment of or taking possession 
by a custodian, receiver, liquidator, assignee, trustee or sequestrator (or 
similar official) for such Credit Party or for any substantial part of any 
such Credit Party’s assets, (iii) makes an assignment for the benefit of 
creditors, (iv) takes any action in furtherance of any of the foregoing; or 
(v) admits in writing its inability to, or is generally unable to, pay its 
debts as such debts become due.
 
(j)            A final judgment or judgments for the payment of money in 
excess of $500,000 in the aggregate at any time are outstanding against one 
or more of the Credit Parties and the same are not, within thirty (30) days 
after the entry thereof, discharged or execution thereof stayed or bonded 
pending appeal, or such judgments are not discharged prior to the 
expiration of any such stay.
 
(k)           Any material provision of any Loan Document for any reason 
ceases to be valid, binding and enforceable in accordance with its terms 
(or any Credit Party shall challenge the enforceability of any Loan 
Document or shall assert in writing, or engage in any action or inaction 
based on any such assertion, that any provision of any of the Loan 
Documents has ceased to be or otherwise is not valid, binding and 
enforceable in accordance with its terms), or any Lien created under any 
Loan Document (other than due to the gross negligence or willful misconduct 
of Agent or any Lender following timely compliance by each Credit Party 
with all of the requirements of each relevant Loan Document) ceases to be a 
valid and perfected first priority Lien (except as otherwise permitted 
herein or therein) in any of the Collateral purported to be covered 
thereby.
 
(l)            Any Change of Control occurs.
 
(m)          Any event occurs, whether or not insured or insurable, as a 
result of which revenue-producing activities cease or are substantially 
curtailed at facilities of Borrowers generating more than 15% of Borrowers’ 
consolidated revenues for the Fiscal Year preceding such event and 15% of 
Borrowers’ EBITDA for the preceding twelve Fiscal Months and such cessation 
or curtailment continues for more than ninety (90) days.
 
8.2.        Remedies.
 
(a)           If any Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, Agent 
may (and at the written request of the Requisite Lenders shall), without 
notice, suspend the Revolving Loan facility with respect to additional 
Advances and/or the incurrence of additional Letter of Credit Obligations, 
whereupon any additional Advances and additional Letter of Credit 
Obligations shall be made or incurred in Agent’s sole discretion (or in the 
sole discretion of the Requisite Lenders, if such suspension occurred at 
their direction) so long as such Default or Event of Default is continuing. 
 If any Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, Agent may (and at 
the written request of Requisite Lenders shall), without notice except as 
otherwise expressly provided herein, increase the rate of interest 
applicable to the Loans and the Letter of Credit Fees to the Default Rate.

 
49
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
(b)           If any Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, Agent 
may (and at the written request of the Requisite Lenders shall), upon 
written notice: (i) terminate the Revolving Loan facility with respect to 
further Advances or the incurrence of further Letter of Credit Obligations; 
(ii) reduce the Commitment from time to time; (iii) declare all or any 
portion of the Obligations, including all or any portion of any Loan to be 
forthwith due and payable, and require that the Letter of Credit 
Obligations be cash collateralized in the manner set forth in Annex B, all 
without presentment, demand, protest or further notice of any kind, all of 
which are expressly waived by Borrowers and each other Credit Party; or 
(iv) exercise any rights and remedies provided to Agent under the Loan 
Documents or at law or equity, including all remedies provided under the 
Code; provided, that upon the occurrence of an Event of Default specified 
in Sections 8.1(h) or (i), the Revolving Loan facility shall be immediately 
terminated and all of the Obligations, including the aggregate Revolving 
Loan, shall become immediately due and payable without declaration, notice 
or demand by any Person.
 
8.3.        Waivers by Credit Parties.  Except as otherwise provided for in 
this Agreement or by applicable law, each Credit Party waives (including 
for purposes of Section 12): (a) presentment, demand and protest and notice 
of presentment, dishonor, notice of intent to accelerate, notice of 
acceleration, protest, default, nonpayment, maturity, release, compromise, 
settlement, extension or renewal of any or all commercial paper, accounts, 
contract rights, documents, instruments, chattel paper and guaranties at 
any time held by Agent on which any Credit Party may in any way be liable, 
and hereby ratifies and confirms whatever Agent may do in this regard, (b) 
all rights to notice and a hearing prior to Agent’s taking possession or 
control of, or to Agent’s replevy, attachment or levy upon, the Collateral 
or any bond or security that might be required by any court prior to 
allowing Agent to exercise any of its remedies, and (c) the benefit of all 
valuation, appraisal, marshaling and exemption laws.
 
9.
ASSIGNMENT AND PARTICIPATIONS; APPOINTMENT OF AGENT
 
9.1.        Assignment and Participations.
 
(a)           Subject to the terms of this Section 9.1, any Lender may make 
an assignment to a Qualified Assignee of, or sell participations in, at any 
time or times, the Loan Documents, Loans, Letter of Credit Obligations and 
any Commitment or any portion thereof or interest therein, including any 
Lender’s rights, title, interests, remedies, powers or duties thereunder.  
Any assignment by a Lender shall: (i) require the consent of Agent (which 
consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed with respect to a 
Qualified Assignee) and the execution of an assignment agreement (an “
Assignment Agreement”) substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit 
9.1(a) and otherwise in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to, and 
acknowledged by, Agent; (ii) be conditioned on such assignee Lender 
representing to the assigning Lender and Agent that it is purchasing the 
applicable Loans to be assigned to it for its own account, for investment 
purposes and not with a view to the distribution thereof; (iii) after 
giving effect to any such partial assignment, the assignee Lender shall 
have Commitments in an amount at least equal to $5,000,000 and the 
assigning Lender shall have retained Commitments in an amount at least 
equal to $5,000,000; and (iv) include a payment to Agent of an assignment 
fee of $3,500, except no assignment fee is payable for assignments to an 
Affiliate of such assigning Lender.  In the case of an assignment by a 
Lender under this Section 9.1, the assignee shall have, to the extent of 
such assignment, the same rights, benefits and obligations as all other 
Lenders hereunder.  The assigning Lender shall be relieved of its 
obligations hereunder with respect to its Commitments or assigned portion 
thereof from and after the date of such assignment.  Each Borrower hereby 
acknowledges and agrees that any assignment shall give rise to a direct 
obligation of Borrowers to the assignee and that the assignee shall be 
considered to be a “Lender”.  In all instances, each Lender’s liability to 
make Loans hereunder shall be several and not joint and shall be limited to 
such Lender’s Pro Rata Share of the applicable Commitment.  In the event 
Agent or any Lender assigns or otherwise transfers all or any part of the 
Obligations, Agent or any such Lender shall so notify Borrowers and 
Borrowers shall, upon the request of Agent or such Lender, execute new 
Notes in exchange for the Notes, if any, being assigned.  Notwithstanding 
the foregoing provisions of this Section 9.1(a), any Lender may at any time 
pledge the Obligations held by it and such Lender’s rights under this 
Agreement and the other Loan Documents to a Federal Reserve Bank, and any 
Lender that is an investment fund may assign the Obligations held by it and 
such Lender’s rights under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents to 
another investment fund managed by the same investment advisor; provided, 
that no such pledge to a Federal Reserve Bank shall release such Lender 
from such Lender’s obligations hereunder or under any other Loan Document.

 
50
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
(b)           Any participation by a Lender of all or any part of its 
Commitments shall be made with the understanding that all amounts payable 
by Borrowers hereunder shall be determined as if that Lender had not sold 
such participation, and that the holder of any such participation shall not 
be entitled to require such Lender to take or omit to take any action 
hereunder except actions directly affecting (i) any reduction in the 
principal amount of, or interest rate or Fees payable with respect to, any 
Loan in which such holder participates, (ii) any extension of the scheduled 
amortization of the principal amount of any Loan in which such holder 
participates or the final maturity date thereof, and (iii) any release of 
all or substantially all of the Collateral (other than in accordance with 
the terms of this Agreement, the Collateral Documents or the other Loan 
Documents).  Solely for purposes of Sections 1.13, 1.15, 1.16 and 9.8, each 
Borrower acknowledges and agrees that a participation shall give rise to a 
direct obligation of Borrowers to the participant and the participant shall 
be considered to be a “Lender”; provided, however, that a participant shall 
not be entitled to receive any greater payment under Sections 1.13, 1.15 or 
1.16 than the Lender from which such participant acquired its participation 
would be entitled to receive in respect of the amount of the participation. 
 Except as set forth in the preceding sentence no Borrower or Credit Party 
shall have any obligation or duty to any participant.  Neither Agent nor 
any Lender (other than the Lender selling a participation) shall have any 
duty to any participant and may continue to deal solely with the Lender 
selling a participation as if no such sale had occurred.
 
(c)           Except as expressly provided in this Section 9.1, no Lender 
shall, as between Borrowers and that Lender, or Agent and that Lender, be 
relieved of any of its obligations hereunder as a result of any sale, 
assignment, transfer or negotiation of, or granting of participation in, 
all or any part of the Loans, the Notes or other Obligations owed to such 
Lender.

 
51
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

(d)           Each Credit Party executing this Agreement shall assist any 
Lender permitted to sell assignments or participations under this Section 
9.1 as reasonably required to enable the assigning or selling Lender to 
effect any such assignment or participation, including the execution and 
delivery of any and all agreements, notes and other documents and 
instruments as shall be requested and, if requested by Agent, the 
preparation of informational materials for, and the participation of 
management in meetings with, potential assignees or participants.  Each 
Credit Party executing this Agreement shall certify the correctness, 
completeness and accuracy of all descriptions of the Credit Parties and 
their respective affairs contained in any selling materials provided by 
them and all other information provided by them and included in such 
materials, except that any Projections delivered by Borrowers shall only be 
certified by Borrowers as having been prepared by Borrowers in compliance 
with the representations contained in Section 3.4(b).
 
(e)           Any Lender may furnish any information concerning Credit 
Parties in the possession of such Lender from time to time to assignees and 
participants (including prospective assignees and participants); provided 
that such Lender shall obtain from assignees or participants 
confidentiality covenants substantially equivalent to those contained in 
Section 11.8.
 
(f)            So long as no Event of Default has occurred and is 
continuing, no Lender shall assign or sell participations in any portion of 
its Loans or Commitments to a potential Lender or participant, if, as of 
the date of the proposed assignment or sale, the assignee Lender or 
participant would be subject to capital adequacy or similar requirements 
under Section 1.16(a), increased costs under Section 1.16(b), an inability 
to fund LIBOR Loans under Section 1.16(c), or withholding taxes in 
accordance with Section 1.15(a) to an extent greater than that applicable 
to the assigning or selling Lender.
 
(g)           Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, 
any Lender (a “Granting Lender”), may grant to a special purpose funding 
vehicle (an “SPC”), identified as such in writing by the Granting Lender to 
Agent and Borrowers, the option to provide to Borrowers all or any part of 
any Loans that such Granting Lender would otherwise be obligated to make to 
Borrowers pursuant to this Agreement; provided that (i) nothing herein 
shall constitute a commitment by any SPC to make any Loan; and (ii) if an 
SPC elects not to exercise such option or otherwise fails to provide all or 
any part of such Loan, the Granting Lender shall be obligated to make such 
Loan pursuant to the terms hereof.  The making of a Loan by an SPC 
hereunder shall utilize the Commitment of the Granting Lender to the same 
extent, and as if such Loan were made by such Granting Lender.  No SPC 
shall be liable for any indemnity or similar payment obligation under this 
Agreement (all liability for which shall remain with the Granting Lender).  
Any SPC may (i) with notice to, but without the prior written consent of, 
Borrowers and Agent and without paying any processing fee therefor assign 
all or a portion of its interests in any Loans to the Granting Lender or to 
any financial institutions (consented to by Borrowers and Agent) providing 
liquidity and/or credit support to or for the account of such SPC to 
support the funding or maintenance of Loans and (ii) disclose on a 
confidential basis any non-public information relating to its Loans to any 
rating agency, commercial paper dealer or provider of any surety, guarantee 
or credit or liquidity enhancement to such SPC.  This Section 9.1(g) may 
not be amended without the prior written consent of each Granting Lender, 
all or any of whose Loans are being funded by an SPC at the time of such 
amendment.  For the avoidance of doubt, the Granting Lender shall for all 
purposes, including without limitation, the approval of any amendment or 
waiver of any provision of any Loan Document or the obligation to pay any 
amount otherwise payable by the Granting Lender under the Loan Documents, 
continue to be the Lender of record hereunder.

 
52
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
(h)           Nothing contained in this Section 9 shall require the consent 
of any party for GE Capital to assign any of its rights in respect of any 
Swap Related Reimbursement Obligation.
 
9.2.        Appointment of Agent.  GE Capital is hereby appointed to act on 
behalf of all Lenders as Agent under this Agreement and the other Loan 
Documents.  The provisions of this Section 9.2 are solely for the benefit 
of Agent and Lenders and no Credit Party nor any other Person shall have 
any rights as a third party beneficiary of any of the provisions hereof.  
In performing its functions and duties under this Agreement and the other 
Loan Documents, Agent shall act solely as an agent of Lenders and does not 
assume and shall not be deemed to have assumed any obligation toward or 
relationship of agency or trust with or for any Credit Party or any other 
Person.  Agent shall have no duties or responsibilities except for those 
expressly set forth in this Agreement and the other Loan Documents.  The 
duties of Agent shall be mechanical and administrative in nature and Agent 
shall not have, or be deemed to have, by reason of this Agreement, any 
other Loan Document or otherwise a fiduciary relationship in respect of any 
Lender.  Except as expressly set forth in this Agreement and the other Loan 
Documents, Agent shall not have any duty to disclose, and shall not be 
liable for failure to disclose, any information relating to any Credit 
Party or any of their respective Subsidiaries or any Account Debtor that is 
communicated to or obtained by GE Capital or any of its Affiliates in any 
capacity.  Neither Agent nor any of its Affiliates nor any of their 
respective officers, directors, employees, agents or representatives shall 
be liable to any Lender for any action taken or omitted to be taken by it 
hereunder or under any other Loan Document, or in connection herewith or 
therewith, except for damages caused by its or their own gross negligence 
or willful misconduct.
 
If Agent shall request instructions from Requisite Lenders, Supermajority 
Lenders or all affected Lenders with respect to any act or action 
(including failure to act) in connection with this Agreement or any other 
Loan Document, then Agent shall be entitled to refrain from such act or 
taking such action unless and until Agent shall have received instructions 
from Requisite Lenders, Supermajority Lenders or all affected Lenders, as 
the case may be, and Agent shall not incur liability to any Person by 
reason of so refraining.  Agent shall be fully justified in failing or 
refusing to take any action hereunder or under any other Loan Document (a) 
if such action would, in the opinion of Agent, be contrary to law or the 
terms of this Agreement or any other Loan Document, (b) if such action 
would, in the opinion of Agent, expose Agent to Environmental Liabilities 
or (c) if Agent shall not first be indemnified to its satisfaction against 
any and all liability and expense which may be incurred by it by reason of 
taking or continuing to take any such action.  Without limiting the 
foregoing, no Lender shall have any right of action whatsoever against 
Agent as a result of Agent acting or refraining from acting hereunder or 
under any other Loan Document in accordance with the instructions of 
Requisite Lenders, Supermajority Lenders or all affected Lenders, as 
applicable.

 
53
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

9.3.        Agent’s Reliance, Etc.  Neither Agent nor any of its Affiliates 
nor any of their respective directors, officers, agents or employees shall 
be liable for any action taken or omitted to be taken by it or them under 
or in connection with this Agreement or the other Loan Documents, except 
for damages caused by its or their own gross negligence or willful 
misconduct.  Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, Agent: (a) 
may treat the payee of any Note as the holder thereof until Agent receives 
written notice of the assignment or transfer thereof signed by such payee 
and in form reasonably satisfactory to Agent; (b) may consult with legal 
counsel, independent public accountants and other experts selected by it 
and shall not be liable for any action taken or omitted to be taken by it 
in good faith in accordance with the advice of such counsel, accountants or 
experts; (c) makes no warranty or representation to any Lender and shall 
not be responsible to any Lender for any statements, warranties or 
representations made in or in connection with this Agreement or the other 
Loan Documents; (d) unless specifically directed, in writing, by the 
Requisite Lenders shall not have any duty to ascertain or to inquire as to 
the performance or observance of any of the terms, covenants or conditions 
of this Agreement or the other Loan Documents on the part of any Credit 
Party or to inspect the Collateral (including the books and records) of any 
Credit Party; (e) shall not be responsible to any Lender for the due 
execution, legality, validity, enforceability, genuineness, sufficiency or 
value of this Agreement or the other Loan Documents or any other instrument 
or document furnished pursuant hereto or thereto; and (f) shall incur no 
liability under or in respect of this Agreement or the other Loan Documents 
by acting upon any notice, consent, certificate or other instrument or 
writing (which may be by telecopy, telegram, cable or telex) believed by it 
to be genuine and signed or sent by the proper party or parties.
 
9.4.        GE Capital and Affiliates.  With respect to its Commitments 
hereunder, GE Capital shall have the same rights and powers under this 
Agreement and the other Loan Documents as any other Lender and may exercise 
the same as though it were not Agent; and the term “Lender” or “Lenders” 
shall, unless otherwise expressly indicated, include GE Capital in its 
individual capacity.  GE Capital and its Affiliates may lend money to, 
invest in, and generally engage in any kind of business with, any Credit 
Party, any of their Affiliates and any Person who may do business with or 
own securities of any Credit Party or any such Affiliate, all as if GE 
Capital were not Agent and without any duty to account therefor to Lenders. 
 GE Capital and its Affiliates may accept fees and other consideration from 
any Credit Party for services in connection with this Agreement or 
otherwise without having to account for the same to Lenders.  Each Lender 
acknowledges the potential conflict of interest between GE Capital as a 
Lender holding disproportionate interests in the Loans and GE Capital as 
Agent.
 
9.5.        Lender Credit Decision.  Each Lender acknowledges that it has, 
independently and without reliance upon Agent or any other Lender and based 
on the Financial Statements referred to in Section 3.4(a) and such other 
documents and information as it has deemed appropriate, made its own credit 
and financial analysis of the Credit Parties and its own decision to enter 
into this Agreement.  Each Lender also acknowledges that it will, 
independently and without reliance upon Agent or any other Lender and based 
on such documents and information as it shall deem appropriate at the time, 
continue to make its own credit decisions in taking or not taking action 
under this Agreement.  Each Lender acknowledges the potential conflict of 
interest of each other Lender as a result of Lenders holding 
disproportionate interests in the Loans, and expressly consents to, and 
waives any claim based upon, such conflict of interest.

 
54
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

9.6.        Indemnification.  Lenders agree to indemnify Agent (to the 
extent not reimbursed by Credit Parties and without limiting the 
obligations of Credit Parties hereunder), ratably according to their 
respective Pro Rata Shares, from and against any and all liabilities, 
obligations, losses, damages, penalties, actions, judgments, suits, costs, 
expenses or disbursements of any kind or nature whatsoever that may be 
imposed on, incurred by, or asserted against Agent in any way relating to 
or arising out of this Agreement or any other Loan Document or any action 
taken or omitted to be taken by Agent in connection therewith; provided, 
that no Lender shall be liable for any portion of such liabilities, 
obligations, losses, damages, penalties, actions, judgments, suits, costs, 
expenses or disbursements resulting from Agent’s gross negligence or 
willful misconduct.  Without limiting the foregoing, each Lender agrees to 
reimburse Agent promptly upon demand for its ratable share of any 
out-of-pocket expenses (including reasonable counsel fees) incurred by 
Agent in connection with the preparation, execution, delivery, 
administration, modification, amendment or enforcement (whether through 
negotiations, legal proceedings or otherwise) of, or legal advice in 
respect of rights or responsibilities under, this Agreement and each other 
Loan Document, to the extent that Agent is not reimbursed for such expenses 
by Credit Parties.
 
9.7.        Successor Agent.  Agent may resign at any time by giving not 
less than thirty (30) days’ prior written notice thereof to Lenders and 
Borrower Representative.  Upon any such resignation, the Requisite Lenders 
shall have the right to appoint a successor Agent.  If no successor Agent 
shall have been so appointed by the Requisite Lenders and shall have 
accepted such appointment within thirty (30) days after the resigning 
Agent’s giving notice of resignation, then the resigning Agent may, on 
behalf of Lenders, appoint a successor Agent, which shall be a Lender, if a 
Lender is willing to accept such appointment, or otherwise shall be a 
commercial bank or financial institution or a subsidiary of a commercial 
bank or financial institution if such commercial bank or financial 
institution is organized under the laws of the United States of America or 
of any State thereof and has a combined capital and surplus of at least 
$300,000,000.  If no successor Agent has been appointed pursuant to the 
foregoing, within thirty (30) days after the date such notice of 
resignation was given by the resigning Agent, such resignation shall become 
effective and the Requisite Lenders shall thereafter perform all the duties 
of Agent hereunder until such time, if any, as the Requisite Lenders 
appoint a successor Agent as provided above.  Any successor Agent appointed 
by Requisite Lenders or the resigning Agent hereunder shall be subject to 
the approval of Borrower Representative, such approval not to be 
unreasonably withheld or delayed; provided that such approval shall not be 
required if a Default or an Event of Default has occurred and is 
continuing.  Upon the acceptance of any appointment as Agent hereunder by a 
successor Agent, such successor Agent shall succeed to and become vested 
with all the rights, powers, privileges and duties of the resigning Agent.  
Upon the earlier of the acceptance of any appointment as Agent hereunder by 
a successor Agent or the effective date of the resigning Agent’s 
resignation, the resigning Agent shall be discharged from its duties and 
obligations under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, except that 
any indemnity rights or other rights in favor of such resigning Agent shall 
continue.  After any resigning Agent’s resignation hereunder, the 
provisions of this Section 9 shall inure to its benefit as to any actions 
taken or omitted to be taken by it while it was acting as Agent under this 
Agreement and the other Loan Documents.

 
55
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

9.8.        Setoff and Sharing of Payments.  In addition to any rights now 
or hereafter granted under applicable law and not by way of limitation of 
any such rights, upon the occurrence and during the continuance of any 
Event of Default and subject to Section 9.9(f), each Lender is hereby 
authorized at any time or from time to time, without prior notice to any 
Credit Party or to any Person other than Agent, any such notice being 
hereby expressly waived, to offset and to appropriate and to apply any and 
all balances held by it at any of its offices for the account of any 
Borrower or Guarantor (regardless of whether such balances are then due to 
such Borrower or Guarantor) and any other properties or assets at any time 
held or owing by that Lender or that holder to or for the credit or for the 
account of any Borrower or Guarantor against and on account of any of the 
Obligations that are not paid when due, provided that the Lender exercising 
such offset rights shall give notice thereof to the affected Credit Party 
promptly after exercising such rights.  Any Lender exercising a right of 
setoff or otherwise receiving any payment on account of the Obligations in 
excess of its Pro Rata Share thereof shall purchase for cash (and the other 
Lenders or holders shall sell) such participations in each such other 
Lender’s or holder’s Pro Rata Share of the Obligations as would be 
necessary to cause such Lender to share the amount so offset or otherwise 
received with each other Lender or holder in accordance with their 
respective Pro Rata Shares (other than offset rights exercised by any 
Lender with respect to Sections 1.13, 1.15 or 1.16).  Each Credit Party 
that is a Borrower or Guarantor agrees, to the fullest extent permitted by 
law, that (a) any Lender may exercise its right to offset with respect to 
amounts in excess of its Pro Rata Share of the Obligations and may sell 
participations in such amounts so offset to other Lenders and holders and 
(b) any Lender so purchasing a participation in the Loans made or other 
Obligations held by other Lenders or holders may exercise all rights of 
offset, bankers’ lien, counterclaim or similar rights with respect to such 
participation as fully as if such Lender or holder were a direct holder of 
the Loans and the other Obligations in the amount of such participation.  
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if all or any portion of the offset amount 
or payment otherwise received is thereafter recovered from the Lender that 
has exercised the right of offset, the purchase of participations by that 
Lender shall be rescinded and the purchase price restored without interest.
 
9.9.        Advances; Payments; Non-Funding Lenders; Information; Actions 
in Concert.
 
(a)          Advances; Payments.
 
(i)            Each Lender shall make the amount of such Lender’s Pro Rata 
Share of such Revolving Credit Advance available to Agent in same day funds 
by wire transfer to Agent’s account as set forth in Annex H not later than 
3:00 p.m.  (New York time) on the requested funding date, in the case of an 
Index Rate Loan, and not later than 11:00 a.m.  (New York time) on the 
requested funding date, in the case of a LIBOR Loan.  After receipt of such 
wire transfers (or, in the Agent’s sole discretion, before receipt of such 
wire transfers), subject to the terms hereof, Agent shall make the 
requested Revolving Credit Advance to the Borrower designated by Borrower 
Representative in the Notice of Revolving Credit Advance.  All payments by 
each Lender shall be made without setoff, counterclaim or deduction of any 
kind.
 
(ii)           On the 2nd Business Day of each calendar week or more 
frequently at Agent’s election (each, a “Settlement Date”), Agent shall 
advise each Lender by telephone, or telecopy of the amount of such Lender’s 
Pro Rata Share of principal, interest and Fees paid for the benefit of 
Lenders with respect to each applicable Loan.  Provided that each Lender 
has funded all payments or Advances required to be made by it and has 
purchased all participations required to be purchased by it under this 
Agreement and the other Loan Documents as of such Settlement Date, Agent 
shall pay to each Lender such Lender’s Pro Rata Share of principal, 
interest and Fees paid by Borrowers since the previous Settlement Date for 
the benefit of such Lender on the Loans held by it.  To the extent that any 
Lender (a “Non Funding Lender”) has failed to fund all such payments and 
Advances or failed to fund the purchase of all such participations, Agent 
shall be entitled to set off the funding short fall against that Non 
Funding Lender’s Pro Rata Share of all payments received from Borrowers.  
Such payments shall be made by wire transfer to such Lender’s account (as 
specified by such Lender in Annex H or the applicable Assignment Agreement) 
not later than 2:00 p.m. (New York time) on the next Business Day following 
each Settlement Date.

 
56
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
(b)          Availability of Lender’s Pro Rata Share.  Agent may assume 
that each Lender will make its Pro Rata Share of each Revolving Credit 
Advance available to Agent on each funding date.  If such Pro Rata Share is 
not, in fact, paid to Agent by such Lender when due, Agent will be entitled 
to recover such amount on demand from such Lender without setoff, 
counterclaim or deduction of any kind.  If any Lender fails to pay the 
amount of its Pro Rata Share forthwith upon Agent’s demand, Agent shall 
promptly notify Borrower Representative and Borrowers shall immediately 
repay such amount to Agent.  Nothing in this Section 9.9(b) or elsewhere in 
this Agreement or the other Loan Documents shall be deemed to require Agent 
to advance funds on behalf of any Lender or to relieve any Lender from its 
obligation to fulfill its Commitments hereunder or to prejudice any rights 
that Borrowers may have against any Lender as a result of any default by 
such Lender hereunder.  To the extent that Agent advances funds to any 
Borrower on behalf of any Lender and is not reimbursed therefor on the same 
Business Day as such Advance is made, Agent shall be entitled to retain for 
its account all interest accrued on such Advance until reimbursed by the 
applicable Lender.
 
(c)          Return of Payments.
 
(i)            If Agent pays an amount to a Lender under this Agreement in 
the belief or expectation that a related payment has been or will be 
received by Agent from Borrowers and such related payment is not received 
by Agent, then Agent will be entitled to recover such amount from such 
Lender on demand without setoff, counterclaim or deduction of any kind.
 
(ii)           If Agent determines at any time that any amount received by 
Agent under this Agreement must be returned to any Borrower or paid to any 
other Person pursuant to any insolvency law or otherwise, then, 
notwithstanding any other term or condition of this Agreement or any other 
Loan Document, Agent will not be required to distribute any portion thereof 
to any Lender.  In addition, each Lender will repay to Agent on demand any 
portion of such amount that Agent has distributed to such Lender, together 
with interest at such rate, if any, as Agent is required to pay to any 
Borrower or such other Person, without setoff, counterclaim or deduction of 
any kind.
 
(d)           Non-Funding Lenders.  The failure of any Non Funding Lender 
to make any Revolving Credit Advance or any payment required by it 
hereunder shall not relieve any other Lender (each such other Lender, an “
Other Lender”) of its obligations to make such Advance or purchase such 
participation on such date, but neither any Other Lender nor Agent shall be 
responsible for the failure of any Non-Funding Lender to make an Advance, 
purchase a participation or make any other payment required hereunder.  
Notwithstanding anything set forth herein to the contrary, a Non-Funding 
Lender shall not have any voting or consent rights under or with respect to 
any Loan Document or constitute a “Lender” (or be included in the 
calculation of “Requisite Lenders” or “Supermajority Lenders” hereunder) 
for any voting or consent rights under or with respect to any Loan 
Document.  At Borrower Representative’s request, Agent or a Person 
reasonably acceptable to Agent shall have the right with Agent’s consent 
and in Agent’s sole discretion (but shall have no obligation) to purchase 
from any Non-Funding Lender, and each Non-Funding Lender agrees that it 
shall, at Agent’s request, sell and assign to Agent or such Person, all of 
the Commitments of that Non-Funding Lender for an amount equal to the 
principal balance of all Loans held by such Non-Funding Lender and all 
accrued interest and fees with respect thereto through the date of sale, 
such purchase and sale to be consummated pursuant to an executed Assignment 
Agreement.

 
57
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
(e)           Dissemination of Information.  Agent shall use commercially 
reasonable efforts to provide Lenders with any notice of Default or Event 
of Default received by Agent from, or delivered by Agent to, any Credit 
Party, with notice of any Event of Default of which Agent has actually 
become aware and with notice of any action taken by Agent following any 
Event of Default; provided, that Agent shall not be liable to any Lender 
for any failure to do so, except to the extent that such failure is 
attributable to Agent’s gross negligence or willful misconduct.  Lenders 
acknowledge that Borrowers are required to provide Financial Statements and 
Collateral Reports to Lenders in accordance with Annexes E and F hereto and 
agree that Agent shall have no duty to provide the same to Lenders.
 
(f)           Actions in Concert.  Anything in this Agreement to the 
contrary notwithstanding, each Lender hereby agrees with each other Lender 
that no Lender shall take any action to protect or enforce its rights 
arising out of this Agreement or the Notes (including exercising any rights 
of setoff) without first obtaining the prior written consent of Agent and 
Requisite Lenders, it being the intent of Lenders that any such action to 
protect or enforce rights under this Agreement and the Notes shall be taken 
in concert and at the direction or with the consent of Agent or Requisite 
Lenders.
 
9.10.      Syndication and Documentation Agents.  The entities identified 
on the cover page of this Agreement as the “Syndication Agent” and the 
“Documentation Agent”, respectively, shall, in each case, not have any 
right, power, obligation, liability, responsibility or duty under this 
Agreement (or any other Loan Document) other than those applicable to all 
Lenders as such.  Without limiting the foregoing, the entities so 
identified as the “Syndication Agent” and the “Documentation Agent”, 
respectively, shall not have or be deemed to have any fiduciary 
relationship with any Lender.  Each Lender acknowledges that it has not 
relied, and will not rely, on the entities so identified as the 
“Syndication Agent” and the “Documentation Agent”, respectively, in 
deciding to enter into this Agreement and each other Loan Document to which 
it is a party or in taking or not taking action hereunder or thereunder.
 
10.
SUCCESSORS AND ASSIGNS
 
10.1.      Successors and Assigns.  This Agreement and the other Loan 
Documents shall be binding on and shall inure to the benefit of each Credit 
Party, Agent, Lenders and their respective successors and assigns 
(including, in the case of any Credit Party, a debtor-in-possession on 
behalf of such Credit Party), except as otherwise provided herein or 
therein.  No Credit Party may assign, transfer, hypothecate or otherwise 
convey its rights, benefits, obligations or duties hereunder or under any 
of the other Loan Documents without the prior express written consent of 
Agent and Lenders.  Any such purported assignment, transfer, hypothecation 
or other conveyance by any Credit Party without the prior express written 
consent of Agent and Lenders shall be void.  The terms and provisions of 
this Agreement are for the purpose of defining the relative rights and 
obligations of each Credit Party, Agent and Lenders with respect to the 
transactions contemplated hereby and no Person shall be a third party 
beneficiary of any of the terms and provisions of this Agreement or any of 
the other Loan Documents.

 
58
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
11.
MISCELLANEOUS
 
11.1.      Complete Agreement; Modification of Agreement.  The Loan 
Documents constitute the complete agreement between the parties with 
respect to the subject matter thereof and may not be modified, altered or 
amended except as set forth in Section 11.2.  Any letter of interest, 
commitment letter, or fee letter (other than the 2010 GE Capital Fee 
Letter) or confidentiality agreement between any Credit Party and Agent or 
any Lender or any of their respective Affiliates, predating this Agreement 
and relating to a financing of substantially similar form, purpose or 
effect shall be superseded by this Agreement.
 
11.2.      Amendments and Waivers.
 
(a)           Except for actions expressly permitted to be taken by Agent, 
no amendment, modification, termination or waiver of any provision of this 
Agreement or any other Loan Document, or any consent to any departure by 
any Credit Party therefrom, shall in any event be effective unless the same 
shall be in writing and signed by Agent and Borrowers, and by Requisite 
Lenders, Supermajority Lenders, or all affected Lenders, as applicable.  
Except as set forth in clauses (b) and (c) below, all such amendments, 
modifications, terminations or waivers requiring the consent of any Lenders 
shall require the written consent of Requisite Lenders.
 
(b)           No amendment, modification, termination or waiver of or 
consent with respect to any provision of this Agreement that makes less 
restrictive the nondiscretionary criteria for exclusion from Eligible 
Accounts and Eligible Inventory set forth in Sections 1.6 and 1.7, shall be 
effective unless the same shall be in writing and signed by Agent, 
Supermajority Lenders and Borrowers.  No amendment, modification, 
termination or waiver of or consent with respect to any provision of this 
Agreement that waives compliance with the conditions precedent set forth in 
Section 2.2 to the making of any Loan or the incurrence of any Letter of 
Credit Obligations shall be effective unless the same shall be in writing 
and signed by Agent, Requisite Lenders and Borrowers.  Notwithstanding 
anything contained in this Agreement to the contrary, no waiver or consent 
with respect to any Default or any Event of Default shall be effective for 
purposes of the conditions precedent to the making of Loans or the 
incurrence of Letter of Credit Obligations set forth in Section 2.2 unless 
the same shall be in writing and signed by Agent, Requisite Lenders and 
Borrowers.

 
59
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

(c)          No amendment, modification, termination or waiver shall, 
unless in writing and signed by Agent and each Lender directly affected 
thereby: (i) increase the principal amount of any Lender’s Commitment 
(which action shall be deemed to directly affect all Lenders); (ii) reduce 
the principal of, rate of interest on or Fees payable with respect to any 
Loan or Letter of Credit Obligations of any affected Lender; (iii) extend 
any scheduled payment date (other than payment dates of mandatory 
prepayments under Section 1.3(b)(ii)-(iii)) or final maturity date of the 
principal amount of any Loan of any affected Lender; (iv) waive, forgive, 
defer, extend or postpone any payment of interest or Fees as to any 
affected Lender; (v) release any Guaranty (except in connection with a sale 
of the Stock of the applicable Guarantor which is not in violation of the 
terms of this Agreement) or, except as otherwise permitted herein or in the 
other Loan Documents, release, subordinate the Agent’s Lien or permit any 
Credit Party to sell or otherwise dispose of, any Collateral with a value 
exceeding $5,000,000 in the aggregate (which action shall be deemed to 
directly affect all Lenders); (vi) change the percentage of the Commitments 
or of the aggregate unpaid principal amount of the Loans that shall be 
required for Lenders or any of them to take any action hereunder; (vii) 
increase the percentage advance rates set forth in the definition of the 
SMP Borrowing Base or the SI Borrowing Base, or the percentage in Section 
1.1(a)(iv)(y) beyond the rates in effect on the Closing Date, or the 
aggregate amount of Overadvances permitted pursuant to Section 1.1(a)(iii); 
(viii) amend or waive this Section 11.2 or the definitions of the terms 
“Requisite Lenders” or “Supermajority Lenders” insofar as such definitions 
affect the substance of this Section 11.2 and (ix) amend Section 1.11(a).  
Furthermore, no amendment, modification, termination or waiver affecting 
the rights or duties of Agent or L/C Issuer, or of GE Capital in respect of 
any Swap Related Reimbursement Obligations, under this Agreement or any 
other Loan Document, including any release of any Guaranty or Collateral 
requiring a writing signed by all Lenders, shall be effective unless in 
writing and signed by Agent or L/C Issuer or GE Capital, as the case may 
be, in addition to Lenders required hereinabove to take such action.  Each 
amendment, modification, termination or waiver shall be effective only in 
the specific instance and for the specific purpose for which it was given.  
No amendment, modification, termination or waiver shall be required for 
Agent to take additional Collateral pursuant to any Loan Document.  No 
amendment, modification, termination or waiver of any provision of any Note 
shall be effective without the written concurrence of the holder of that 
Note.  No notice to or demand on any Credit Party in any case shall entitle 
such Credit Party or any other Credit Party to any other or further notice 
or demand in similar or other circumstances.  Any amendment, modification, 
termination, waiver or consent effected in accordance with this Section 
11.2 shall be binding upon each Lender at such time and each future Lender.
 
(d)          If, in connection with any proposed amendment, modification, 
waiver or termination (a “Proposed Change”):
 
(i)            (requiring the consent of all affected Lenders, the consent 
of Requisite Lenders is obtained, but the consent of other Lenders whose 
consent is required is not obtained (any such Lender whose consent is not 
obtained as described in this clause (i) and in clauses (ii), (iii) and 
(iv) below being referred to as a “Non-Consenting Lender”),
 
(ii)           requiring the consent of Supermajority Lenders, the consent 
of Requisite Lenders is obtained, but the consent of Supermajority Lenders 
is not obtained,
 
(iii)          requiring the consent of Requisite Lenders, the consent of 
Lenders holding 51% or more of the aggregate applicable Commitments is 
obtained, but the consent of Requisite Lenders, is not obtained, or
 
(iv)          requiring the consent of Requisite Lenders, the consent of 
Lenders holding 51% or more of the aggregate Commitments is obtained, but 
the consent of the Requisite Lenders is not obtained,

 
60
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

then, so long as Agent is not a Non-Consenting Lender, at Borrower 
Representative’s request, Agent or a Person reasonably acceptable to Agent 
shall have the right with Agent’s consent and in Agent’s sole discretion 
(but shall have no obligation) to purchase from such Non-Consenting 
Lenders, and such Non-Consenting Lenders agree that they shall, upon 
Agent’s request, sell and assign to Agent or such Person, all of the 
Commitments of such Non-Consenting Lenders for an amount equal to the 
principal balance of all Loans held by the Non-Consenting Lenders and all 
accrued interest and Fees with respect thereto through the date of sale, 
such purchase and sale to be consummated pursuant to an executed Assignment 
Agreement within 180 days from the time such consent is requested.
 
(e)           Upon payment in full in cash and performance of all of the 
Obligations (other than indemnification Obligations), termination of the 
Commitments and a release of all claims against Agent and Lenders (other 
than claims for gross negligence or willful misconduct), and so long as no 
suits, actions, proceedings or claims are pending or threatened against any 
Indemnified Person asserting any damages, losses or liabilities that are 
Indemnified Liabilities, Agent shall deliver to Borrowers termination 
statements, mortgage releases and other documents necessary or appropriate 
to evidence the termination of the Liens securing payment of the 
Obligations.
 
11.3.      Fees and Expenses.  Borrowers shall reimburse (i) Agent for all 
fees, costs and expenses (including the reasonable fees and expenses of all 
of its counsel, advisors, consultants and auditors) and (ii) Agent (and, 
with respect to clauses (c) and (d) below, all Lenders) for all fees, costs 
and expenses, including the reasonable fees, costs and expenses of counsel 
or other advisors (including environmental and management consultants and 
appraisers), incurred in connection with the negotiation and preparation of 
the Loan Documents and incurred in connection with:
 
(a)           the forwarding to Borrowers or any other Person on behalf of 
Borrowers by Agent of the proceeds of any Loan (including a wire transfer 
fee of $10 per wire transfer);
 
(b)           any amendment, modification or waiver of, consent with 
respect to, or termination of, any of the Loan Documents or advice in 
connection with the syndication and administration of the Loans made 
pursuant hereto or its rights hereunder or thereunder;
 
(c)           any litigation, contest, dispute, suit, proceeding or action 
(whether instituted by Agent, any Lender, any Borrower or any other Person 
and whether as a party, witness or otherwise) in any way relating to the 
Collateral, any of the Loan Documents or any other agreement to be executed 
or delivered in connection herewith or therewith, including any litigation, 
contest, dispute, suit, case, proceeding or action, and any appeal or 
review thereof, in connection with a case commenced by or against any or 
all of the Borrowers or any other Person that may be obligated to Agent by 
virtue of the Loan Documents; including any such litigation, contest, 
dispute, suit, proceeding or action arising in connection with any work-out 
or restructuring of the Loans during the pendency of one or more Events of 
Default; provided that in the case of reimbursement of counsel for Lenders 
other than Agent, such reimbursement shall be limited to one counsel for 
all such Lenders; provided, further, that no Person shall be entitled to 
reimbursement under this clause (c) in respect of any litigation, contest, 
dispute, suit, proceeding or action to the extent any of the foregoing 
results from such Person’s gross negligence or willful misconduct;

 
61
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
(d)           any attempt to enforce any remedies of Agent against any or 
all of the Credit Parties or any other Person that may be obligated to 
Agent or any Lender by virtue of any of the Loan Documents, including any 
such attempt to enforce any such remedies in the course of any work-out or 
restructuring of the Loans during the pendency of one or more Events of 
Default; provided, that in the case of reimbursement of counsel for Lenders 
other than Agent, such reimbursement shall be limited to one counsel for 
all such Lenders;
 
(e)           any workout or restructuring of the Loans during the pendency 
of one or more Events of Default; and
 
(f)           efforts to (i) monitor the Loans or any of the other 
Obligations, (ii) evaluate, observe or assess any of the Credit Parties or 
their respective affairs, and (iii) verify, protect, evaluate, assess, 
appraise, collect, sell, liquidate or otherwise dispose of any of the 
Collateral;
 
including, as to each of clauses (a) through (f) above, all reasonable 
attorneys’ and other professional and service providers’ fees arising from 
such services and other advice, assistance or other representation, 
including those in connection with any appellate proceedings, and all 
reasonable expenses, costs, charges and other fees incurred by such counsel 
and others in connection with or relating to any of the events or actions 
described in this Section 11.3, all of which shall be payable, on demand, 
by Borrowers to Agent.  Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, 
such expenses, costs, charges and fees may include: fees, costs and 
expenses of accountants, environmental advisors, appraisers, investment 
bankers, management and other consultants and paralegals; court costs and 
expenses; photocopying and duplication expenses; court reporter fees, costs 
and expenses; long distance telephone charges; air express charges; 
telegram or telecopy charges; secretarial overtime charges; and expenses 
for travel, lodging and food paid or incurred in connection with the 
performance of such legal or other advisory services.
 
11.4.      No Waiver.  Agent’s or any Lender’s failure, at any time or 
times, to require strict performance by the Credit Parties of any provision 
of this Agreement or any other Loan Document shall not waive, affect or 
diminish any right of Agent or such Lender thereafter to demand strict 
compliance and performance herewith or therewith.  Any suspension or waiver 
of an Event of Default shall not suspend, waive or affect any other Event 
of Default whether the same is prior or subsequent thereto and whether the 
same or of a different type.  Subject to the provisions of Section 11.2, 
none of the undertakings, agreements, warranties, covenants and 
representations of any Credit Party contained in this Agreement or any of 
the other Loan Documents and no Default or Event of Default by any Credit 
Party shall be deemed to have been suspended or waived by Agent or any 
Lender, unless such waiver or suspension is by an instrument in writing 
signed by an officer of or other authorized employee of Agent and the 
applicable required Lenders, and directed to Borrowers specifying such 
suspension or waiver.
 
11.5.      Remedies.  Agent’s and Lenders’ rights and remedies under this 
Agreement shall be cumulative and nonexclusive of any other rights and 
remedies that Agent or any Lender may have under any other agreement, 
including the other Loan Documents, by operation of law or otherwise.  
Recourse to the Collateral shall not be required.

 
62
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
11.6.      Severability.  Wherever possible, each provision of this 
Agreement and the other Loan Documents shall be interpreted in such a 
manner as to be effective and valid under applicable law, but if any 
provision of this Agreement or any other Loan Document shall be prohibited 
by or invalid under applicable law, such provision shall be ineffective 
only to the extent of such prohibition or invalidity without invalidating 
the remainder of such provision or the remaining provisions of this 
Agreement or such other Loan Document.
 
11.7.      Conflict of Terms.  Except as otherwise provided in this 
Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents by specific reference to the 
applicable provisions of this Agreement, if any provision contained in this 
Agreement conflicts with any provision in any of the other Loan Documents, 
the provision contained in this Agreement shall govern and control.
 
11.8.      Confidentiality.  Agent and each Lender agree to use 
commercially reasonable efforts (equivalent to the efforts Agent or such 
Lender applies to maintaining the confidentiality of its own confidential 
information) to maintain as confidential all confidential information 
provided to them by the Credit Parties and designated as confidential for a 
period of two (2) years following the Termination Date, except that Agent 
and any Lender may disclose such information (a) to Affiliates and/or 
Persons employed or engaged by Agent or such Lender in evaluating, 
approving, structuring or administering the Loans and the Commitments; (b) 
to any bona fide assignee or participant or potential assignee or 
participant that has agreed to comply with the covenant contained in this 
Section 11.8 (and any such bona fide assignee or participant or potential 
assignee or participant may disclose such information to Persons employed 
or engaged by them as described in clause (a) above); (c) as required or 
requested by any Governmental Authority or reasonably believed by Agent or 
such Lender to be compelled by any court decree, subpoena or legal or 
administrative order or process; (d) as, on the advice of Agent’s or such 
Lender’s counsel, is required by law; (e) in connection with the exercise 
of any right or remedy under the Loan Documents or in connection with any 
Litigation to which Agent or such Lender is a party; or (f) that ceases to 
be confidential through no fault of Agent or any Lender.
 
11.9.      GOVERNING LAW.  EXCEPT AS OTHERWISE EXPRESSLY PROVIDED IN ANY OF 
THE LOAN DOCUMENTS, IN ALL RESPECTS, INCLUDING ALL MATTERS OF CONSTRUCTION, 
VALIDITY AND PERFORMANCE, THE LOAN DOCUMENTS AND THE OBLIGATIONS SHALL BE 
GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED AND ENFORCED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE INTERNAL 
LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK APPLICABLE TO CONTRACTS MADE AND PERFORMED IN 
THAT STATE AND ANY APPLICABLE LAWS OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA.  EACH 
PARTY HERETO HEREBY CONSENTS AND AGREES THAT THE STATE OR FEDERAL COURTS 
LOCATED IN NEW YORK COUNTY, CITY OF NEW YORK, NEW YORK SHALL HAVE EXCLUSIVE 
JURISDICTION TO HEAR AND DETERMINE ANY CLAIMS OR DISPUTES BETWEEN THE 
CREDIT PARTIES, AGENT AND LENDERS PERTAINING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OF 
THE OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS OR TO ANY MATTER ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO 
THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OF THE OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS; PROVIDED, THAT AGENT, 
LENDERS AND THE CREDIT PARTIES ACKNOWLEDGE THAT ANY APPEALS FROM THOSE 
COURTS MAY HAVE TO BE HEARD BY A COURT LOCATED OUTSIDE OF NEW YORK COUNTY; 
PROVIDED FURTHER, THAT NOTHING IN THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE DEEMED OR OPERATE 
TO PRECLUDE AGENT FROM BRINGING SUIT OR TAKING OTHER LEGAL ACTION IN ANY 
OTHER JURISDICTION TO REALIZE ON THE COLLATERAL OR ANY OTHER SECURITY FOR 
THE OBLIGATIONS, OR TO ENFORCE A JUDGMENT OR OTHER COURT ORDER IN FAVOR OF 
AGENT.  EACH CREDIT PARTY EXPRESSLY SUBMITS AND CONSENTS IN ADVANCE TO SUCH 
JURISDICTION IN ANY ACTION OR SUIT COMMENCED IN ANY SUCH COURT, AND EACH 
CREDIT PARTY HEREBY WAIVES ANY OBJECTION THAT SUCH CREDIT PARTY MAY HAVE 
BASED UPON LACK OF PERSONAL JURISDICTION, IMPROPER VENUE OR FORUM NON 
CONVENIENS.  EACH CREDIT PARTY HEREBY WAIVES PERSONAL SERVICE OF THE 
SUMMONS, COMPLAINT AND OTHER PROCESS ISSUED IN ANY SUCH ACTION OR SUIT AND 
AGREES THAT SERVICE OF SUCH SUMMONS, COMPLAINTS AND OTHER PROCESS MAY BE 
MADE BY REGISTERED OR CERTIFIED MAIL ADDRESSED TO SUCH CREDIT PARTY AT THE 
ADDRESS SET FORTH IN ANNEX I OF THIS AGREEMENT AND THAT SERVICE SO MADE 
SHALL BE DEEMED COMPLETED UPON THE EARLIER OF SUCH CREDIT PARTY’S ACTUAL 
RECEIPT THEREOF OR THREE (3) DAYS AFTER DEPOSIT IN THE UNITED STATES MAILS, 
PROPER POSTAGE PREPAID.

 
63
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
11.10.    Notices.  Except as otherwise provided herein, whenever it is 
provided herein that any notice, demand, request, consent, approval, 
declaration or other communication shall or may be given to or served upon 
any of the parties by any other parties, or whenever any of the parties 
desires to give or serve upon any other parties any communication with 
respect to this Agreement, each such notice, demand, request, consent, 
approval, declaration or other communication shall be in writing and shall 
be deemed to have been validly served, given or delivered: (a) upon the 
earlier of actual receipt and three (3) Business Days after deposit in the 
United States Mail, registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, 
with proper postage prepaid; (b) upon transmission, when sent by telecopy 
or other similar facsimile transmission (with such telecopy or facsimile 
promptly confirmed by delivery of a copy by personal delivery or United 
States Mail as otherwise provided in this Section 11.10); (c) one (1) 
Business Day after deposit with a reputable overnight courier with all 
charges prepaid or (d) when delivered, if hand delivered by messenger, all 
of which shall be addressed to the party to be notified and sent to the 
address or facsimile number indicated in Annex I or to such other address 
(or facsimile number) as may be substituted by notice given as herein 
provided.  The giving of any notice required hereunder may be waived in 
writing by the party entitled to receive such notice.  Failure or delay in 
delivering copies of any notice, demand, request, consent, approval, 
declaration or other communication to any Person (other than Borrower 
Representative or Agent) designated in Annex I to receive copies shall in 
no way adversely affect the effectiveness of such notice, demand, request, 
consent, approval, declaration or other communication.
 
11.11.    Section Titles.  The Section titles and Table of Contents 
contained in this Agreement are and shall be without substantive meaning or 
content of any kind whatsoever and are not a part of the agreement between 
the parties hereto.
 
11.12.    Counterparts.  This Agreement may be executed in any number of 
separate counterparts, each of which shall collectively and separately 
constitute one agreement.

 
64
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
11.13.    WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL.  BECAUSE DISPUTES ARISING IN CONNECTION 
WITH COMPLEX FINANCIAL TRANSACTIONS ARE MOST QUICKLY AND ECONOMICALLY 
RESOLVED BY AN EXPERIENCED AND EXPERT PERSON AND THE PARTIES WISH 
APPLICABLE STATE AND FEDERAL LAWS TO APPLY (RATHER THAN ARBITRATION RULES), 
THE PARTIES DESIRE THAT THEIR DISPUTES BE RESOLVED BY A JUDGE APPLYING SUCH 
APPLICABLE LAWS.  THEREFORE, TO ACHIEVE THE BEST COMBINATION OF THE 
BENEFITS OF THE JUDICIAL SYSTEM AND OF ARBITRATION, THE PARTIES HERETO 
WAIVE ALL RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY ACTION, SUIT, OR PROCEEDING BROUGHT 
TO RESOLVE ANY DISPUTE, WHETHER SOUNDING IN CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, 
AMONG AGENT, LENDERS AND ANY CREDIT PARTY ARISING OUT OF, CONNECTED WITH, 
RELATED TO, OR INCIDENTAL TO THE RELATIONSHIP ESTABLISHED AMONG THEM IN 
CONNECTION WITH, THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OF THE OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS OR THE 
TRANSACTIONS RELATED THERETO.
 
11.14.    Press Releases and Related Matters.  Each Credit Party executing 
this Agreement agrees that neither it nor its Affiliates will in the future 
issue any press releases or other public disclosure using the name of GE 
Capital or its affiliates or referring to this Agreement, the other Loan 
Documents without at least two (2) Business Days’ prior notice to GE 
Capital and without the prior written consent of GE Capital unless (and 
only to the extent that) such Credit Party or Affiliate is required to do 
so under law and then, in any event, such Credit Party or Affiliate will 
consult with GE Capital before issuing such press release or other public 
disclosure.  Each Credit Party consents to the publication by Agent or any 
Lender of a tombstone or similar advertising material relating to the 
financing transactions contemplated by this Agreement using Borrowers’ 
name, product photographs, logo or trademark.  Agent or such Lender shall 
provide a draft of any advertising material to each Credit Party for review 
and comment prior to the publication thereof.  Agent reserves the right to 
provide to industry trade organizations information necessary and customary 
for inclusion in league table measurements.
 
11.15.    Reinstatement.  This Agreement shall remain in full force and 
effect and continue to be effective should any petition be filed by or 
against any Borrower for liquidation or reorganization, should any Borrower 
become insolvent or make an assignment for the benefit of any creditor or 
creditors or should a receiver or trustee be appointed for all or any 
significant part of any Borrower’s assets, and shall continue to be 
effective or to be reinstated, as the case may be, if at any time payment 
and performance of the Obligations, or any part thereof, is, pursuant to 
applicable law, rescinded or reduced in amount, or must otherwise be 
restored or returned by any obligee of the Obligations, whether as a 
“voidable preference,” “fraudulent conveyance,” or otherwise, all as though 
such payment or performance had not been made.  In the event that any 
payment, or any part thereof, is rescinded, reduced, restored or returned, 
the Obligations shall be reinstated and deemed reduced only by such amount 
paid and not so rescinded, reduced, restored or returned.
 
11.16.    Advice of Counsel.  Each of the parties represents to each other 
party hereto that it has discussed this Agreement and, specifically, the 
provisions of Sections 11.9 and 11.13, with its counsel.

 
65
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
11.17.    No Strict Construction.  The parties hereto have participated 
jointly in the negotiation and drafting of this Agreement.  In the event an 
ambiguity or question of intent or interpretation arises, this Agreement 
shall be construed as if drafted jointly by the parties hereto and no 
presumption or burden of proof shall arise favoring or disfavoring any 
party by virtue of the authorship of any provisions of this Agreement.
 
11.18.    Reaffirmation of Collateral Documents.  Each Credit Party (i) 
acknowledges and confirms that notwithstanding the execution of this 
Agreement and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereunder 
or any other facts and circumstances, all of the terms and conditions, 
representations and covenants contained in the Collateral Documents are and 
shall remain in full force and effect in accordance with their respective 
terms and the security interests and liens theretofore granted, pledged 
and/or assigned under the Collateral Documents as security for the 
Obligations shall not be impaired, limited or affected in any manner 
whatsoever; and (ii) represents, warrants and confirms that no offsets, 
counterclaims or defenses exist with respect to each of the Credit Parties’ 
obligations under the Collateral Documents.
 
11.19.    Certifications From Banks and Participants; US PATRIOT Act.  Each 
Lender or assignee or participant of a Lender that is not incorporated 
under the Laws of the United States of America or a state thereof (and is 
not excepted from the certification requirement contained in Section 313 of 
the USA PATRIOT Act and the applicable regulations because it is both (i) 
an affiliate of a depository institution or foreign bank that maintains a 
physical presence in the United States or foreign country, and (ii) subject 
to supervision by a banking authority regulating such affiliated depository 
institution or foreign bank) shall deliver to the Agent the certification, 
or, if applicable, recertification, certifying that such Lender is not a 
“shell” and certifying to other matters as required by Section 313 of the 
USA PATRIOT Act and the applicable regulations: (1) within 10 days after 
the Closing Date, and (2) as such other times as are required under the USA 
PATRIOT Act.
 
12.
CROSS-GUARANTY
 
12.1.      Cross-Guaranty.  Each Borrower hereby agrees that such Borrower 
is jointly and severally liable for, and hereby absolutely and 
unconditionally guarantees to Agent and Lenders and their respective 
successors and assigns, the full and prompt payment (whether at stated 
maturity, by acceleration or otherwise) and performance of, all Obligations 
owed or hereafter owing to Agent and Lenders by each other Borrower.  Each 
Borrower agrees that its guaranty obligation hereunder is a continuing 
guaranty of payment and performance and not of collection, that its 
obligations under this Section 12 shall not be discharged until payment and 
performance, in full, of the Obligations has occurred, and that its 
obligations under this Section 12 shall be absolute and unconditional, 
irrespective of, and unaffected by,
 
(a)           the genuineness, validity, regularity, enforceability or any 
future amendment of, or change in, this Agreement, any other Loan Document 
or any other agreement, document or instrument to which any Borrower is or 
may become a party;
 
(b)           the absence of any action to enforce this Agreement 
(including this Section 12) or any other Loan Document or the waiver or 
consent by Agent and Lenders with respect to any of the provisions thereof;

 
66
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
(c)           the existence, value or condition of, or failure to perfect 
its Lien against, any security for the Obligations or any action, or the 
absence of any action, by Agent and Lenders in respect thereof (including 
the release of any such security);
 
(d)           the insolvency of any Credit Party; or
 
(e)           any other action or circumstances that might otherwise 
constitute a legal or equitable discharge or defense of a surety or 
guarantor.
 
Each Borrower shall be regarded, and shall be in the same position, as 
principal debtor with respect to the Obligations guaranteed hereunder.
 
12.2.      Waivers by Borrowers.  Each Borrower expressly waives all rights 
it may have now or in the future under any statute, or at common law, or at 
law or in equity, or otherwise, to compel Agent or Lenders to marshal 
assets or to proceed in respect of the Obligations guaranteed hereunder 
against any other Credit Party, any other party or against any security for 
the payment and performance of the Obligations before proceeding against, 
or as a condition to proceeding against, such Borrower.  It is agreed among 
each Borrower, Agent and Lenders that the foregoing waivers are of the 
essence of the transaction contemplated by this Agreement and the other 
Loan Documents and that, but for the provisions of this Section 12 and such 
waivers, Agent and Lenders would decline to enter into this Agreement.
 
12.3.      Benefit of Guaranty.  Each Borrower agrees that the provisions 
of this Section 12 are for the benefit of Agent and Lenders and their 
respective successors, transferees, endorsees and assigns, and nothing 
herein contained shall impair, as between any other Borrower and Agent or 
Lenders, the obligations of such other Borrower under the Loan Documents.
 
12.4.      Subordination of Subrogation, Etc.  Notwithstanding anything to 
the contrary in this Agreement or in any other Loan Document, and except as 
set forth in Section 12.7, each Borrower hereby expressly and irrevocably 
subordinates to payment of the Obligations any and all rights at law or in 
equity to subrogation, reimbursement, exoneration, contribution, 
indemnification or set off and any and all defenses available to a surety, 
guarantor or accommodation co-obligor until the Obligations are 
indefeasibly paid in full in cash.  Each Borrower acknowledges and agrees 
that this subordination is intended to benefit Agent and Lenders and shall 
not limit or otherwise affect such Borrower’s liability hereunder or the 
enforceability of this Section 12, and that Agent, Lenders and their 
respective successors and assigns are intended third party beneficiaries of 
the waivers and agreements set forth in this Section 12.4.

 
67
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

12.5.      Election of Remedies.  If Agent or any Lender may, under 
applicable law, proceed to realize its benefits under any of the Loan 
Documents giving Agent or such Lender a Lien upon any Collateral, whether 
owned by any Borrower or by any other Person, either by judicial 
foreclosure or by non judicial sale or enforcement, Agent or any Lender 
may, at its sole option, determine which of its remedies or rights it may 
pursue without affecting any of its rights and remedies under this Section 
12.  If, in the exercise of any of its rights and remedies, Agent or any 
Lender shall forfeit any of its rights or remedies, including its right to 
enter a deficiency judgment against any Borrower or any other Person, 
whether because of any applicable laws pertaining to “election of remedies” 
or the like, each Borrower hereby consents to such action by Agent or such 
Lender and waives any claim based upon such action, even if such action by 
Agent or such Lender shall result in a full or partial loss of any rights 
of subrogation that each Borrower might otherwise have had but for such 
action by Agent or such Lender.  Any election of remedies that results in 
the denial or impairment of the right of Agent or any Lender to seek a 
deficiency judgment against any Borrower shall not impair any other 
Borrower’s obligation to pay the full amount of the Obligations.  In the 
event Agent or any Lender shall bid at any foreclosure or trustee’s sale or 
at any private sale permitted by law or the Loan Documents, Agent or such 
Lender may bid all or less than the amount of the Obligations and the 
amount of such bid need not be paid by Agent or such Lender but shall be 
credited against the Obligations.  The amount of the successful bid at any 
such sale, whether Agent, Lender or any other party is the successful 
bidder, shall be conclusively deemed to be the fair market value of the 
Collateral and the difference between such bid amount and the remaining 
balance of the Obligations shall be conclusively deemed to be the amount of 
the Obligations guaranteed under this Section 12, notwithstanding that any 
present or future law or court decision or ruling may have the effect of 
reducing the amount of any deficiency claim to which Agent or any Lender 
might otherwise be entitled but for such bidding at any such sale.
 
12.6.      Limitation.  Notwithstanding any provision herein contained to 
the contrary, each Borrower’s liability under this Section 12 (which 
liability is in any event in addition to amounts for which such Borrower is 
primarily liable under Section 1) shall be limited to an amount not to 
exceed as of any date of determination the greater of:
 
(a)           the net amount of all Loans advanced to any other Borrower 
under this Agreement and then re-loaned or otherwise transferred to, or for 
the benefit of, such Borrower; and
 
(b)           the amount that could be claimed by Agent and Lenders from 
such Borrower under this Section 12 without rendering such claim voidable 
or avoidable under Section 548 of Chapter 11 of the Bankruptcy Code or 
under any applicable state Uniform Fraudulent Transfer Act, Uniform 
Fraudulent Conveyance Act or similar statute or common law after taking 
into account, among other things, such Borrower’s right of contribution and 
indemnification from each other Borrower under Section 12.7.
 
12.7.      Contribution with Respect to Guaranty Obligations.
 
(a)           To the extent that any Borrower shall make a payment under 
this Section 12 of all or any of the Obligations (other than Loans made to 
that Borrower for which it is primarily liable) (a “Guarantor Payment”) 
that, taking into account all other Guarantor Payments then previously or 
concurrently made by any other Borrower, exceeds the amount that such 
Borrower would otherwise have paid if each Borrower had paid the aggregate 
Obligations satisfied by such Guarantor Payment in the same proportion that 
such Borrower’s “Allocable Amount” (as defined below) (as determined 
immediately prior to such Guarantor Payment) bore to the aggregate 
Allocable Amounts of each of the Borrowers as determined immediately prior 
to the making of such Guarantor Payment, then, following indefeasible 
payment in full in cash of the Obligations and termination of the 
Commitments, such Borrower shall be entitled to receive contribution and 
indemnification payments from, and be reimbursed by, each other Borrower 
for the amount of such excess, pro rata based upon their respective 
Allocable Amounts in effect immediately prior to such Guarantor Payment.

 
68
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
(b)           As of any date of determination, the “Allocable Amount” of 
any Borrower shall be equal to the maximum amount of the claim that could 
then be recovered from such Borrower under this Section 12 without 
rendering such claim voidable or avoidable under Section 548 of Chapter 11 
of the Bankruptcy Code or under any applicable state Uniform Fraudulent 
Transfer Act, Uniform Fraudulent Conveyance Act or similar statute or 
common law.
 
(c)           This Section 12.7 is intended only to define the relative 
rights of Borrowers and nothing set forth in this Section 12.7 is intended 
to or shall impair the obligations of Borrowers, jointly and severally, to 
pay any amounts as and when the same shall become due and payable in 
accordance with the terms of this Agreement, including Section 12.1.  
Nothing contained in this Section 12.7 shall limit the liability of any 
Borrower to pay the Loans made directly or indirectly to that Borrower and 
accrued interest, Fees and expenses with respect thereto for which such 
Borrower shall be primarily liable.
 
(d)           The parties hereto acknowledge that the rights of 
contribution and indemnification hereunder shall constitute assets of the 
Borrower to which such contribution and indemnification is owing.
 
(e)           The rights of the indemnifying Borrowers against other Credit 
Parties under this Section 12.7 shall be exercisable upon the full and 
indefeasible payment of the Obligations and the termination of the 
Commitments.
 
12.8.      Liability Cumulative.  The liability of Borrowers under this 
Section 12 is in addition to and shall be cumulative with all liabilities 
of each Borrower to Agent and Lenders under this Agreement and the other 
Loan Documents to which such Borrower is a party or in respect of any 
Obligations or obligation of the other Borrower, without any limitation as 
to amount, unless the instrument or agreement evidencing or creating such 
other liability specifically provides to the contrary.

 
69
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, this Agreement has been duly executed as of the date 
first written above.
 
STANDARD MOTOR PRODUCTS, INC.
  	 
By:
  
Name:
  
Title:
  
  	 
STANRIC, INC.
  	 
By:
  
Name:
  
Title:
  
  	 
SMP MOTOR PRODUCTS LTD.
  	 
By:
  
Name:
  
Title:
  

(Signatures continued on next page)
 
Signature Page to Third Amended and Restated Loan Agreement - 1924818

 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

GENERAL ELECTRIC CAPITAL
CORPORATION, as Agent and a Lender
  	 
By:
  
Name:
  
Title:
  
  	 
BANK OF AMERICA, N.A.,
as Co-Syndication Agent and a Lender
  	 
By:
  
Name:
  
Title:
  
  	 
WELLS FARGO CAPITAL FINANCE, LLC,
as Co-Syndication Agent and a Lender
  	 
By:
  
Name:
  
Title:
  
  	 
JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A., as
Documentation Agent and a Lender
  	 
By:
  
Name:
  
Title:
  

(Signatures continued on next page)
 
Signature Page to Third Amended and Restated Loan Agreement - 1924818

 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

HSBC BANK USA, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION,
as a Lender
  	 
By:
  
Name:
  
Title:
  
  	 
GE BUSINESS FINANCIAL SERVICES INC., as
a Lender
  	 
By:
  
Name:
  
Title:
  

Signature Page to Third Amended and Restated Loan Agreement - 1924818

 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

ANNEX A (Recitals)
 
To
 
CREDIT AGREEMENT
 
DEFINITIONS
 
Capitalized terms used in the Loan Documents shall have (unless otherwise 
provided elsewhere in the Loan Documents) the following respective 
meanings, and all references to Sections, Exhibits, Schedules or Annexes in 
the following definitions shall refer to Sections, Exhibits, Schedules or 
Annexes of or to the Agreement:
 
“2009 Indenture” means that certain Indenture to be dated as of May 6, 
2009, between SMP and HSBC Bank USA, N.A., as trustee, and any documents, 
agreements or instruments executed in connection therewith, each as 
amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time.
 
“2009 Indenture Maturity Reserve” means a reserve which (i) during the 
period October 15, 2010 through November 14, 2010 equals one-sixth of the 
aggregate amount of the debentures issued under the 2009 Indenture, (ii) 
during the period November 15, 2010 through December 14, 2010 equals 
one-third of the aggregate amount of the debentures issued under the 2009 
Indenture, (iii) during the period December 15, 2010 through January 14, 
2011 equals one-half of the aggregate amount of the debentures issued under 
the 2009 Indenture, (iv) during the period January 15, 2011 through 
February 14, 2011 equals two-thirds of the aggregate amount of the 
debentures issued under the 2009 Indenture, (v) during the period February 
15, 2011 through March 14, 2011 equals five-sixths of the aggregate amount 
of the debentures issued under the 2009 Indenture, and (vi) on and after 
March 15, 2011 equals one hundred percent (100%) of the aggregate amount of 
the debentures issued under the 2009 Indenture, in each case less the 
aggregate face amount of any debentures issued under the 2009 Indenture 
which may be repurchased or redeemed as provided herein, but in no event 
may the amount of the 2009 Indenture Maturity Reserve be less than zero 
($0).
 
“2009 Subordinated Debt” means the Subordinated Debt issued pursuant to the 
2009 Indenture.
 
“2010 GE Capital Fee Letter” shall have the meaning given to such term in 
Section 1.9(a).
 
“Account Debtor” means any Person who may become obligated to any Credit 
Party under, with respect to, or on account of, an Account, Chattel Paper 
or General Intangibles (including a payment intangible).
 
“Accounting Changes” has the meaning ascribed thereto in Annex G.

 
Annex A - 1
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

“Accounts” means all “accounts,” as such term is defined in the Code, now 
owned or hereafter acquired by any Credit Party, including (a) all accounts 
receivable, other receivables, book debts and other forms of obligations 
(other than forms of obligations evidenced by Chattel Paper or Instruments) 
(including any such obligations that may be characterized as an account or 
contract right under the Code), (b) all of each Credit Party’s rights in, 
to and under all purchase orders or receipts for goods or services, (c) all 
of each Credit Party’s rights to any goods represented by any of the 
foregoing (including unpaid sellers’ rights of rescission, replevin, 
reclamation and stoppage in transit and rights to returned, reclaimed or 
repossessed goods), (d) all rights to payment due to any Credit Party for 
property sold, leased, licensed, assigned or otherwise disposed of, for a 
policy of insurance issued or to be issued, for a secondary obligation 
incurred or to be incurred, for energy provided or to be provided, for the 
use or hire of a vessel under a charter or other contract, arising out of 
the use of a credit card or charge card, or for services rendered or to be 
rendered by such Credit Party or in connection with any other transaction 
(whether or not yet earned by performance on the part of such Credit 
Party), (e) all health care insurance receivables and (f) all collateral 
security of any kind, given by any Account Debtor or any other Person with 
respect to any of the foregoing.
 
“Additional SI Amortizing Availability” means as to each item of Eligible 
Equipment purchased by SI after the Closing Date, (i) 85% of the Net 
Orderly Liquidation Value of such Eligible Equipment less (ii) one-twenty 
fourth (and, after exercise of the Reloading Accordion option, 
one-twentieth) of the amount determined under clause (i) for each full 
Fiscal Quarter occurring after the purchase of such Eligible Equipment.
 
“Additional SMP Amortizing Availability” means (i) as to any Eligible Real 
Estate purchased by SMP after the Closing Date fifty percent (50%) of the 
Fair Market Value of such Eligible Real Estate and as to Eligible Equipment 
purchased by SMP after the Closing Date 85% of the Net Orderly Liquidation 
Value of such Eligible Equipment less (ii) one-twenty fourth (and, after 
exercise of the Reloading Accordion option, one-twentieth) of the amount 
determined under clause (i) for each full Fiscal Quarter occurring after 
the purchase of such Eligible Real Estate or Eligible Equipment, as the 
case may be.
 
“Additional SMP Canada Amortizing Availability” means (i) up to the lesser 
of (x) $750,000 or (y) the sum of (a) as to SMP Canada Eligible Real Estate 
purchased by SMP Canada after the Closing Date, fifty percent (50%) of the 
Fair Market Value of such SMP Canada Eligible Real Estate and (b) as to SMP 
Canada Eligible Equipment purchased by SMP Canada after the Closing Date, 
85% of the Net Orderly Liquidation Value of such SMP Canada Eligible 
Equipment as set forth in the most recent appraisal prepared by an 
independent appraisal firm acceptable to Agent (Agent agrees that Michael 
Fox International shall be deemed an acceptable appraiser with respect to 
SMP Canada’s machinery and equipment); provided, however, that Borrowing 
Availability arising solely under this clause (i)(y) shall not exceed 50% 
of the total SMP Canada’s Borrowing Availability less (ii) one-twenty 
fourth (and, after exercise of the Reloading Accordion option, 
one-twentieth) of the amount determined under clause (i) for each full 
Fiscal Quarter occurring after the purchase of such SMP Canada Eligible 
Real Estate or SMP Canada Eligible Equipment, as the case may be.
 
“Advance” means any Revolving Credit Advance.

 
Annex A - 2
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

“Affiliate” means, with respect to any Person, (a) each Person that, 
directly or indirectly, owns or controls, whether beneficially, or as a 
trustee, guardian or other fiduciary, 5% or more of the Stock having 
ordinary voting power in the election of directors of such Person, (b) each 
Person that controls, is controlled by or is under common control with such 
Person, (c) each of such Person’s officers, directors, joint venturers and 
partners and (d) in the case of Borrowers, the immediate family members, 
spouses and lineal descendants of individuals who are Affiliates of any 
Borrower.  For the purposes of this definition, “control” of a Person shall 
mean the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or 
cause the direction of its management or policies, whether through the 
ownership of voting securities, by contract or otherwise; provided, 
however, that the term “Affiliate” shall specifically exclude Agent and 
each Lender.
 
“Agent” means GE Capital in its capacity as Agent for Lenders or its 
successor appointed pursuant to Section 9.7.
 
“Aggregate Amortizing Availability” means the sum of SI Amortizing 
Availability and SMP Amortizing Availability, subject to the limitation in 
Section 1.1(a)(iv).
 
“Aggregate Borrowing Availability” means as of any date of determination 
the lesser of (a) the sum of (i) the Maximum Amount and (ii) $10,000,000 
and (b) the sum of (i) the Aggregate Borrowing Base and (ii) the SMP Canada 
Borrowing Base, in the case of clauses (a) and (b) above, less the sum of 
(x) the aggregate Revolving Loans then outstanding and (y) the aggregate 
advances of the Term Loan then outstanding; provided that an Overadvance in 
accordance with Section 1.1(a)(iii) hereunder or under the Canadian Credit 
Agreement may cause the Revolving Loan or the Term Loan, as applicable to 
exceed the Aggregate Borrowing Base or the SMP Canada Borrowing Base, as 
applicable, by the amount of any such permitted Overadvance.  Aggregate 
Borrowing Availability shall be determined (x) with trade payables being 
paid consistent with past practices, with expenses and liabilities being 
paid in the ordinary course of business, without acceleration of sales and 
without deterioration of working capital and (y) less the 2009 Indenture 
Maturity Reserve.
 
“Aggregate Borrowing Base” means as of any date of determination, an amount 
equal to (i) the sum of the SMP Borrowing Base and the SI Borrowing Base; 
less (ii) any Reserves except to the extent already deducted therefrom.
 
“Agreement” means the Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement by and 
among Borrowers, the other Credit Parties party thereto, GE Capital, as 
Agent and Lender and the other Lenders from time to time party thereto, as 
the same may be amended, supplemented, restated or otherwise modified from 
time to time.
 
“Anti-Terrorism Laws” shall mean any applicable laws relating to terrorism 
or money laundering, including Executive Order No. 13224, the USA PATRIOT 
Act, the applicable laws comprising or implementing the Bank Secrecy Act, 
and the applicable laws administered by the United States Treasury 
Department’s Office of Foreign Asset Control (as any of the foregoing 
applicable laws may from time to time be amended, renewed, extended, or 
replaced).
 
“Appendices” has the meaning ascribed to it in the recitals to the 
Agreement.
 
“Applicable L/C Fee Margin” means the fee payable by Borrowers in respect 
of Lenders’ incurrence of Letter of Credit Obligations pursuant to Section 
1.9(d), which fee is determined by reference to 1.5(a).

 
Annex A - 3
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
“Applicable Margins” means collectively the Applicable Unused Line Fee 
Margin, the Applicable Revolver Index Margin, the Applicable Revolver LIBOR 
Margin and the Applicable L/C Fee Margin.
 
“Applicable Revolver Index Margin” means the per annum interest rate margin 
from time to time in effect and payable in addition to the Index Rate 
applicable to the Revolving Loan, as determined by reference to Section 
1.5(a).
 
“Applicable Revolver LIBOR Margin” means the per annum interest rate from 
time to time in effect and payable in addition to the LIBOR Rate applicable 
to the Revolving Loan, as determined by reference to Section 1.5(a).
 
“Applicable Unused Line Fee Margin” means the per annum fee, from time to 
time in effect, payable in respect of Borrowers’ non-use of committed funds 
pursuant to Section 1.9(b)(ii), which fee is determined by reference to 
Section 1.5(a).
 
“Asbestos Claims” means claims seeking to impose liability on SMP in 
connection with any alleged exposure to asbestos.
 
“Assignment Agreement” has the meaning ascribed to it in Section 9.1(a).
 
“Auto Supplier Accounts” means the Accounts sold by any Borrower in 
connection with an Auto Supplier Program to a special purpose vehicle that 
is an Affiliate of an Account Debtor.
 
“Auto Supplier Program” means a program, pursuant to which a Borrower sells 
Auto Supplier Accounts at a discount to a special purpose vehicle that is 
an Affiliate of an Account Debtor, which program is (w) established by the 
United States Department of the Treasury to support suppliers to the United 
States automobile industry, (x) administered by a financial institution 
acceptable to Agent in its sole discretion, and (y) on terms and conditions 
satisfactory in all respects to Agent in its sole discretion.
 
“Bank Product Agreement” means, collectively, any of the following 
financial accommodations or similar agreement entered into by any Borrower 
or any of its Subsidiaries under which the counterparty of such agreement 
is (or at the time such agreement was entered into, was) a Lender or an 
Affiliate of a Lender: (a) credit cards, (b) credit card processing 
services, (c) debit cards, (d) purchase cards, or (e) cash management, 
including controlled disbursement accounts or services and Automated 
Clearing House processing of electronic funds transfers through the direct 
Federal Reserve Fedline system.
 
“Bankruptcy Code” means the provisions of Title 11 of the United States 
Code, 11 U.S.C.  §§101 et seq.
 
“Blocked Accounts” has the meaning ascribed to it in Annex C.
 
“Borrower Representative” means SMP in its capacity as Borrower 
Representative pursuant to the provisions of Section 1.1(d).
 
“Borrower Revolver Increase” has the meaning ascribed to it in Section 
1.18(a).

 
Annex A - 4
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
“Borrowers” and “Borrower” have the respective meanings ascribed thereto in 
the preamble to the Agreement.
 
“Borrowing Availability” means as of any date of determination (a) as to 
all Borrowers, the lesser of (i) the Maximum Amount and (ii) the Aggregate 
Borrowing Base, in each case, less the aggregate Revolving Credit Advances 
then outstanding, or (b) as to an individual Borrower, the lesser of (i) 
the Maximum Amount less the Revolving Loan outstanding to all other 
Borrowers and (ii) that Borrower’s separate Borrowing Base, less the 
Revolving Credit Advances outstanding to that Borrower; provided that an 
Overadvance in accordance with Section 1.1(a)(iii) may cause the Revolving 
Loan to exceed the Aggregate Borrowing Base or a Borrower’s separate 
Borrowing Base by the amount of such permitted Overadvance.  Borrowing 
Availability for purposes of clauses (a) and (b) shall be determined (x) 
with trade payables being paid consistent with past practices, with 
expenses and liabilities being paid in the ordinary course of business, 
without acceleration of sales and without deterioration of working capital 
and (y) less the 2009 Indenture Maturity Reserve.
 
“Borrowing Base” means as the context may require, the SMP Borrowing Base, 
and the SI Borrowing Base or any such Borrowing Base.  Notwithstanding 
anything contained herein to the contrary, for purposes of determining any 
Borrowing Base, (a) the value of Eligible Inventory acquired by any Credit 
Party from any other Credit Party shall be the lower of cost (determined on 
a first-in, first-out basis) or market of either the selling Credit Party 
or the purchasing Credit Party, whichever is lower and (b) the Net Orderly 
Liquidation Value of any Eligible Equipment or Eligible Inventory and the 
Fair Market Value of any Eligible Real Estate may be adjusted by Agent from 
time to time to reflect the results of the most recent appraisal thereof.
 
“Borrowing Base Certificate” means a certificate to be executed and 
delivered from time to time by each Borrower in the form attached to the 
Agreement as Exhibit 4.1(b).
 
“BSA” means Blue Streak America, Inc., a Florida corporation.
 
“BSE” means Blue Streak Electronics Inc., a Canadian corporation.
 
“BSE Deferred Payment” means the deferred payments payable to SMP and SMP 
Canada following the closing of the BSE Sale pursuant to Schedule I to the 
BSE Inventory Purchase Agreement.
 
“BSE Final Purchase Price” means the purchase price of the BSE Sale as set 
forth on Schedule I to the BSE Inventory Purchase Agreement.
 
“BSE Inventory Purchase Agreement” means that certain Inventory Purchase 
Agreement by and among SMP and SMP Canada, as sellers, and BSE and BSA, as 
purchasers, pursuant to which SMP and SMP Canada shall sell certain 
inventory to BSE and BSA, which agreement shall in final form conform in 
all material respects to the terms and conditions of the draft agreement 
dated November 14, 2008.

 
Annex A - 5
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

“BSE Sale” means the sale by SMP and SMP Canada of certain Inventory, 
shares and related assets for the BSE Final Purchase Price pursuant to the 
BSE Inventory Purchase Agreement, the BSE Stock Purchase Agreement, that 
certain Stock Purchase Agreement (Israeli) by and between Autotech Inc., an 
Israeli corporation and SMP, that certain Stock Purchase Agreement (UK) by 
and between SMP Canada and BSE, that certain Termination Agreement by and 
among Tadir, Inc., Autotech Inc., BSE, BSA, SMP Canada, SMP and Standard 
Motor Products Holdings Ltd., a corporation incorporated under the laws of 
England and Wales, and that certain Trademark License Agreement by and 
between SMP, as licensor and BSE and BSA, as licensees, in each case such 
agreement shall in final form conform in all material respects to the terms 
and conditions of the related draft agreement dated November 14, 2008.
 
“BSE Stock Purchase Agreement” means that certain Stock Purchase Agreement 
with Promissory Note by and among SMP and SMP Canada, as sellers, and Tadir 
Inc., a Canadian corporation, as purchaser, pursuant to which SMP and SMP 
Canada shall sell their interests in the shares of BSE to Tadir Inc, which 
agreement shall in final form conform in all material respects to the terms 
and conditions of the draft agreement dated November 14, 2008.
 
“Business Day” means any day that is not a Saturday, a Sunday or a day on 
which banks are required or permitted to be closed in the State New York 
and in reference to LIBOR Loans shall mean any such day that is also a 
LIBOR Business Day.
 
“Canadian Agent” shall mean GE Canada Finance Holding Company, a Nova 
Scotia unlimited liability company.
 
“Canadian Guaranty” shall mean that certain Guaranty dated December 29, 
2005, executed by Borrowers in favor of Canadian Agent in respect of the 
Obligations (as defined in the Canadian Loan Agreement).
 
“Canadian Lenders” shall mean the Lenders as such term is defined in 
Canadian Loan Agreement.
 
“Canadian Loan Agreement” shall mean the Credit Agreement (as amended, 
restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time), dated as 
of December 29, 2005 among SMP Canada, Canadian Agent, as lender, and as 
agent for the secured parties, and the other lenders signatory thereto from 
time to time.
 
“Capital Expenditures” means, with respect to any Person, all expenditures 
(by the expenditure of cash or the incurrence of Indebtedness) by such 
Person during any measuring period for any fixed assets or improvements or 
for replacements, substitutions or additions thereto that have a useful 
life of more than one year and that are required to be capitalized under 
GAAP.
 
“Capital Lease” means, with respect to any Person, any lease of any 
property (whether real, personal or mixed) by such Person as lessee that, 
in accordance with GAAP, would be required to be classified and accounted 
for as a capital lease on a balance sheet of such Person.
 
“Capital Lease Obligation” means, with respect to any Capital Lease of any 
Person, the amount of the obligation of the lessee thereunder that, in 
accordance with GAAP, would appear on a balance sheet of such lessee in 
respect of such Capital Lease.

 
Annex A - 6
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
“Cash Collateral Account” has the meaning ascribed to it Annex B.
 
“Cash Equivalents” has the meaning ascribed to it in Annex B.
 
“Cash Management Systems” has the meaning ascribed to it in Section 1.8.
 
“Change of Control” means any of the following: (a) any person or group of 
persons (within the meaning of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,) other 
than the Existing Stockholder Group shall have acquired beneficial 
ownership (within the meaning of Rule 13d-3 promulgated by the Securities 
and Exchange Commission under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,) of 30% 
or more of the issued and outstanding shares of capital Stock of SMP having 
the right to vote for the election of directors of SMP under ordinary 
circumstances; (b) during any period of twelve consecutive calendar months, 
individuals who at the beginning of such period constituted the board of 
directors of SMP (together with any new directors whose election by the 
board of directors of SMP or whose nomination for election by the 
Stockholders of SMP was approved by a vote of at least two-thirds of the 
directors then still in office who either were directors at the beginning 
of such period or whose election or nomination for election was previously 
so approved) cease for any reason other than death or disability to 
constitute a majority of the directors then in office; or (c) SMP ceases to 
own and control all of the economic and voting rights associated with all 
of the outstanding capital Stock of any of its Subsidiaries other than as 
set forth on Disclosure Schedule (3.8).
 
“Charges” means all federal, state, county, city, municipal, local, foreign 
or other governmental taxes (including taxes owed to the PBGC at the time 
due and payable), levies, assessments, charges, liens, claims or 
encumbrances upon or relating to (a) the Collateral, (b) the Obligations, 
(c) the employees, payroll, income or gross receipts of any Credit Party, 
(d) any Credit Party’s ownership or use of any properties or other assets, 
or (e) any other aspect of any Credit Party’s business.
 
“Chattel Paper” means any “chattel paper,” as such term is defined in the 
Code, including electronic chattel paper, now owned or hereafter acquired 
by any Credit Party.
 
“Closing Date” means November 10, 2010.
 
“Closing Checklist” means the schedule, including all appendices, exhibits 
or schedules thereto, listing certain documents and information to be 
delivered in connection with the Agreement, the other Loan Documents and 
the transactions contemplated thereunder, substantially in the form 
attached hereto as Annex D.
 
“Code” means the Uniform Commercial Code as the same may, from time to 
time, be enacted and in effect in the State of New York; provided, that to 
the extent that the Code is used to define any term herein or in any Loan 
Document and such term is defined differently in different Articles or 
Divisions of the Code, the definition of such term contained in Article or 
Division 9 shall govern; provided, further, that in the event that, by 
reason of mandatory provisions of law, any or all of the attachment, 
perfection or priority of, or remedies with respect to, Agent’s or any 
Lender’s Lien on any Collateral is governed by the Uniform Commercial Code 
as enacted and in effect in a jurisdiction other than the State of New 
York, the term “Code” shall mean the Uniform Commercial Code as enacted and 
in effect in such other jurisdiction solely for purposes of the provisions 
thereof relating to such attachment, perfection, priority or remedies and 
for purposes of definitions related to such provisions.

 
Annex A - 7
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
“Collateral” means the property covered by the Security Agreement, the 
Mortgages and the other Collateral Documents and any other property, real 
or personal, tangible or intangible, now existing or hereafter acquired, 
that may at any time be or become subject to a security interest or Lien in 
favor of Agent, on behalf of itself and Lenders, to secure the Obligations.
 
“Collateral Documents” means the Security Agreement, the Pledge Agreements, 
the Guaranties, the Mortgages, the Intellectual Property Security 
Agreement, and all similar agreements entered into guaranteeing payment of, 
or granting a Lien upon property as security for payment of, the 
Obligations.
 
“Collateral Reports” means the reports with respect to the Collateral 
referred to in Annex F.
 
“Collection Account” means that certain account of Agent, account number 
502-328-54 in the name of Agent at DeutscheBank Trust Company Americas in 
New York, New York ABA No.  021 001 033, or such other account as may be 
specified in writing by Agent as the “Collection Account.”
 
“Commitment” means (i) as to any Lender, the aggregate commitment of such 
Lender to make Revolving Credit Advances or incur Letter of Credit 
Obligations as set forth on Annex J to the Agreement or in the most recent 
Assignment Agreement executed by such Lender and (ii) as to all Lenders, 
the aggregate commitment of all Lenders to make Revolving Credit Advances 
or incur Letter of Credit Obligations, which aggregate commitment shall be 
One Hundred Ninety Million Dollars ($190,000,000) as such amount may be 
adjusted, if at all, from time to time in accordance with the Agreement 
including, without limitation, Section 1.18 hereof.
 
“Commitment Termination Date” means the earliest of (a) March 20, 2014, (b) 
the date of termination of Lenders’ obligations to make Advances and to 
incur Letter of Credit Obligations or permit existing Loans to remain 
outstanding pursuant to Section 8.2(b), and (c) the date of indefeasible 
prepayment in full by Borrowers of the Loans and the cancellation and 
return (or stand-by guarantee) of all Letters of Credit or the cash 
collateralization of all Letter of Credit Obligations pursuant to Annex B, 
and the permanent reduction of all Commitments to zero dollars ($0).
 
“Compliance Certificate” has the meaning ascribed to it in Annex E.
 
“Concentration Account” has the meaning ascribed to it in Annex C.
 
“Contracts” means all “contracts,” as such term is defined in the Code, now 
owned or hereafter acquired by any Credit Party, in any event, including 
all contracts, undertakings, or agreements (other than rights evidenced by 
Chattel Paper, Documents or Instruments) in or under which any Credit Party 
may now or hereafter have any right, title or interest, including any 
agreement relating to the terms of payment or the terms of performance of 
any Account.

 
Annex A - 8
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
“Control Letter” means a letter agreement between Agent and (i) the issuer 
of uncertificated securities with respect to uncertificated securities in 
the name of any Credit Party, (ii) a securities intermediary with respect 
to securities, whether certificated or uncertificated, securities 
entitlements and other financial assets held in a securities account in the 
name of any Credit Party, (iii) a futures commission merchant or clearing 
house, as applicable, with respect to commodity accounts and commodity 
contracts held by any Credit Party, whereby, among other things, the 
issuer, securities intermediary or futures commission merchant disclaims 
any security interest in the applicable financial assets, acknowledges the 
Lien of Agent, on behalf of itself and Lenders, on such financial assets, 
and agrees to follow the instructions or entitlement orders of Agent 
without further consent by the affected Credit Party.
 
 “Copyright License” means any and all rights now owned or hereafter 
acquired by any Credit Party under any written agreement granting any right 
to use any Copyright or Copyright registration.
 
“Copyright Security Agreements” means the Copyright Security Agreements 
made in favor of Agent, on behalf of itself and Lenders, by each applicable 
Credit Party, as amended, modified or supplemented from time to time.
 
“Copyrights” means all of the following now owned or hereafter adopted or 
acquired by any Credit Party: (a) all copyrights and General Intangibles of 
like nature (whether registered or unregistered), all registrations and 
recordings thereof, and all applications in connection therewith, including 
all registrations, recordings and applications in the United States 
Copyright Office or in any similar office or agency of the United States, 
any state or territory thereof, or any other country or any political 
subdivision thereof, and (b) all reissues, extensions or renewals thereof.
 
“Cores NOLV Rate” means the rate set forth as the Net Orderly Liquidation 
Value rate of Eligible Inventory consisting of cores in the most recent 
appraisal prepared by an independent appraisal firm acceptable to Agent.
 
“Credit Parties” means each Borrower and, except with respect to Section 1 
of the Credit Agreement, SMP Canada.
 
“Customer Drafts” means the negotiable drafts issued by an Account Debtor 
in connection with a Customer Program.
 
“Customer Program” means a program established between an Account Debtor 
and a financial institution reasonably acceptable to Agent, pursuant to 
which such Account Debtor consolidates multiple invoices from a supplier 
into a single large payment and issues a negotiable draft to a Credit Party 
which draft is purchased from the Credit Party by such financial 
institution for an agreed upon purchase price.
 
“Default” means any event that, with the passage of time or notice or both, 
would, unless cured or waived, become an Event of Default.
 
“Default Rate” has the meaning ascribed to it in Section 1.5(c).

 
Annex A - 9
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
“Deposit Accounts” means all “deposit accounts” as such term is defined in 
the Code, now or hereafter held in the name of any Credit Party including, 
without limitation, all checking accounts.
 
“Disbursement Accounts” has the meaning ascribed to it in Annex C.
 
“Disclosure Schedules” means the Schedules prepared by Borrowers and 
denominated as Disclosure Schedules (1.4) through (6.7) in the Index to the 
Agreement.
 
“Documents” means all “documents,” as such term is defined in the Code, now 
owned or hereafter acquired by any Credit Party, wherever located.
 
“Dollars” or “$” means lawful currency of the United States of America and, 
solely for purposes of Section 1.6, of Canada.
 
“Draft Monetization” shall mean the sale of Customer Drafts more than ten 
(10) days prior to the maturity date of such drafts to an acceptable 
financial institution with whom Agent has entered into a satisfactory 
intercreditor agreement regarding the payment of the purchase price for the 
Customer Drafts being sold to such financial institution.

 
Annex A - 10
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

“EBITDA” means, with respect to any Person for any fiscal period, without 
duplication, an amount equal to (a) consolidated net income of such Person 
for such period determined in accordance with GAAP, minus (b) the sum of 
(i) income tax credits, (ii) gain from extraordinary items for such period, 
(iii) any aggregate net gain (but not any aggregate net loss) during such 
period arising from the sale, exchange or other disposition of capital 
assets by such Person (including any fixed assets, whether tangible or 
intangible, all inventory sold in conjunction with the disposition of fixed 
assets and all securities); provided, that, in connection with any gain 
realized upon the sale of the Building and related land in Long Island 
City, NY, EBITDA shall not be reduced by that portion of the gain realized 
upon such sale which is equal to the cash taxes paid by SMP due to such 
gain, and (iv) any other non-operating, non-cash gains that have been added 
in determining consolidated net income, in each case to the extent included 
in the calculation of consolidated net income of such Person for such 
period in accordance with GAAP, but without duplication, plus (c) the sum 
of (i) any provision for income taxes, (ii) Interest Expense, (iii) loss 
from extraordinary items for such period, (iv) the amount of non-cash 
charges (including depreciation and amortization) for such period, (v) 
amortized debt discount for such period, and (vi) the amount of any 
deduction to consolidated net income as the result of any grant to any 
members of the management of such Person of any Stock, in each case to the 
extent included in the calculation of consolidated net income of such 
Person for such period in accordance with GAAP, but without duplication.  
For purposes of this definition, the following items shall be subtracted 
from (or with respect to any deficit in item (1) below, added back to) the 
calculation of consolidated net income of a Person for purposes of 
calculating EBITDA: (1) the income (or deficit) of any other Person accrued 
prior to the date it became a Subsidiary of, or was merged or consolidated 
into, such Person or any of such Person’s Subsidiaries; (2) the 
undistributed earnings of any Subsidiary of such Person to the extent that 
the declaration or payment of dividends or similar distributions by such 
Subsidiary is not at the time permitted by the terms of any contractual 
obligation or requirement of law applicable to such Subsidiary; (3) any 
restoration to income of any reserve established for specific non-recurring 
items, except to the extent that provision for such reserve was made out of 
income accrued during such period; (4) any write-up of any asset; (5) any 
net gain from the collection of the proceeds of life insurance policies; 
(6) any net gain arising from the acquisition of any securities, or the 
extinguishment, under GAAP, of any Indebtedness, of such Person; (7) in the 
case of a successor to such Person by consolidation or merger or as a 
transferee of its assets, any earnings of such successor prior to such 
consolidation, merger or transfer of assets; and (8) any deferred credit 
representing the excess of equity in any Subsidiary of such Person at the 
date of acquisition of such Subsidiary over the cost to such Person of the 
investment in such Subsidiary.  For purposes of this definition, and 
without duplication of amounts added back pursuant to clause (c)(iii) of 
the first sentence of this definition, the following items shall be added 
back to consolidated net income of a Person for purposes of calculating 
EBITDA: (1) one-time charges incurred by SMP in connection with the 
consolidation of its manufacturing facilities in Long Island City, New 
York, (2) one-time charges incurred by SI in connection with the 
consolidation of all manufacturing facilities, (3) one-time charges 
incurred by SMP in connection with relocating its facilities from Reno, 
Nevada to Disputanta, Virginia, (4) one-time charges incurred by SMP in 
connection with relocating its facilities from Grapevine, Texas and 
Edwardsville, Kansas to Reynosa, Mexico, (5) one-time charges incurred by 
SMP in connection with relocating its facilities from Corona, California to 
Tijuana, Mexico, (6) one-time charges incurred by SMP in connection with 
certain contemplated asset acquisitions and divestitures, but with respect 
to all of the above one-time charges, such items shall only be added back 
to the consolidated net income of a Person for purposes of calculating 
EBITDA for any fiscal period in 2007, 2008, and 2009, respectively, to the 
extent that the aggregate amount of such one-time charges do not exceed 
$11,000,000, $8,000,000 and $4,000,000 for 2007, 2008, and 2009, 
respectively (and, thus, such charges in excess of such amounts shall not 
be added back to consolidated net income for purposes of calculating 
EBITDA) and (7)(a) in 2010 in connection with relocation activities, 
including, but not limited to, (i) the relocation of manufacturing 
facilities from Hong Kong to the United States and (ii) the relocation of 
manufacturing facilities from California to Texas and/or Mexico, in an 
aggregate amount not to exceed $5,000,000 and (b) in any year thereafter in 
connection with any other relocation activities in an aggregate amount not 
to exceed $2,000,000 per annum; provided, that, to the extent such one-time 
charges in any fiscal year are less than the thresholds set forth in 
clauses 7(a) and 7(b) above, such unused charges may be carried forward and 
added back to consolidated net income of a Person for purposes of 
calculating EBITDA only in the immediately succeeding fiscal year (in 
addition to the applicable amount for each fiscal year set forth in clause 
7(b) above).
 
“Eligible Accounts” has the meaning ascribed to it in Section 1.6.
 
“Eligible Equipment” means, as to any Borrower, Equipment which is subject 
to a first priority Lien in favor of Agent, for its benefit and for the 
ratable benefit of Lenders, and which is appraised by an appraiser 
satisfactory to Agent.
 
“Eligible Inventory” has the meaning ascribed to it in Section 1.7.

 
Annex A - 11
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

“Eligible Real Estate” means as to any Borrower, real estate with respect 
to which Agent shall have received (a) Mortgages covering all of such real 
estate together with (i) title insurance policies, current as-built 
surveys, zoning letters and certificates of occupancy, in each case 
reasonably satisfactory in form and substance to Agent, (ii) evidence that 
counterparts of the Mortgages have been recorded in all places to the 
extent necessary or desirable, in the judgment of Agent, to create a valid 
and enforceable first priority Lien (subject to Permitted Encumbrances) on 
such real estate in favor of Agent for the benefit of itself and Lenders 
(or in favor of such other trustee as may be required or desired under 
local law); and (iii) an opinion of counsel in each state in which any such 
real estate is located in form and substance and from counsel reasonably 
satisfactory to Agent, (b) Phase I Environmental Site Assessment Reports, 
consistent with American Society for Testing and Materials (ASTM) Standard 
E 1527-00 and applicable state requirements, on all of such real estate, 
dated no more than 6 months prior to the date of purchase of such real 
estate, prepared by environmental engineers reasonably satisfactory to 
Agent, all in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Agent, in its 
sole discretion and Agent shall have further received (i) such 
environmental review and audit reports, including Phase II reports, with 
respect to such real estate as Agent may request, and Agent shall be 
satisfied in its sole discretion, with the contents of all such 
environmental reports, and (ii) letters executed by the environmental firms 
preparing such environmental reports, in form and substance reasonably 
satisfactory to Agent, authorizing Agent and Lenders to rely on such 
reports, and (c) appraisals of such real estate which shall be in form and 
substance, and prepared by appraisers, reasonably satisfactory to Agent.  
Notwithstanding the foregoing to the contrary, “Eligible Real Estate” shall 
not include any Excluded Real Property that is subject to a sale leaseback 
agreement pursuant to Section 6.12.
 
“Environmental Laws” means all applicable federal, state, local and foreign 
laws, statutes, ordinances, codes, rules, standards and regulations, now or 
hereafter in effect, and any legally binding applicable judicial or 
administrative interpretation thereof, including any applicable judicial or 
administrative order, consent decree, order or judgment, imposing liability 
or standards of conduct for or relating to the regulation and protection of 
(i) human health or safety from exposure to Hazardous Material or (ii) the 
environment and natural resources (including ambient air, surface water, 
groundwater, wetlands, land surface or subsurface strata, wildlife, aquatic 
species and vegetation).  Environmental Laws include the Comprehensive 
Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act of 1980 (42 U.S.C. 
§§ 9601 et seq.) (“CERCLA”); the Hazardous Materials Transportation 
Authorization Act of 1994 (49 U.S.C. §§ 5101 et seq.); the Federal 
Insecticide, Fungicide, and Rodenticide Act (7 U.S.C. §§ 136 et seq.); the 
Solid Waste Disposal Act (42 U.S.C. §§ 6901 et seq.); the Toxic Substance 
Control Act (15 U.S.C. §§ 2601 et seq.); the Clean Air Act (42 U.S.C. §§ 
7401 et seq.); the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. §§ 1251 
et seq.); the Occupational Safety and Health Act (29 U.S.C. §§ 651 et 
seq.); and the Safe Drinking Water Act (42 U.S.C. §§ 300(f) et seq.), and 
any and all regulations promulgated thereunder, and all analogous state, 
local and foreign counterparts or equivalents and any transfer of ownership 
notification or approval statutes.
 
“Environmental Liabilities” means, with respect to any Person, all 
liabilities, obligations, responsibilities, response, remedial and removal 
costs, investigation and feasibility study costs, capital costs, operation 
and maintenance costs, losses, damages, punitive damages, property damages, 
natural resource damages, consequential damages, treble damages, costs and 
expenses (including all reasonable fees, disbursements and expenses of 
counsel, experts and consultants), fines, penalties, sanctions and interest 
incurred as a result of or related to any claim, suit, action, 
investigation, proceeding or demand by any Person, whether based in 
contract, tort, implied or express warranty, strict liability, criminal or 
civil statute or common law, including any arising under or related to any 
Environmental Laws, Environmental Permits, or in connection with any 
Release or threatened Release or presence of a Hazardous Material whether 
on, at, in, under, from or about or in the vicinity of any real or personal 
property.

 
Annex A - 12
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
“Environmental Permits” means all permits, licenses, authorizations, 
certificates, approvals or registrations required by any Governmental 
Authority under any Environmental Laws.
 
“Equipment” means all “equipment,” as such term is defined in the Code, now 
owned or hereafter acquired by any Credit Party, wherever located and, in 
any event, including all such Credit Party’s machinery and equipment, 
including processing equipment, conveyors, machine tools, data processing 
and computer equipment, including embedded software and peripheral 
equipment and all engineering, processing and manufacturing equipment, 
office machinery, furniture, materials handling equipment, tools, 
attachments, accessories, automotive equipment, trailers, trucks, 
forklifts, molds, dies, stamps, motor vehicles, rolling stock and other 
equipment of every kind and nature, trade fixtures and fixtures not forming 
a part of real property, together with all additions and accessions 
thereto, replacements therefor, all parts therefor, all substitutes for any 
of the foregoing, fuel therefor, and all manuals, drawings, instructions, 
warranties and rights with respect thereto, and all products and proceeds 
thereof and condemnation awards and insurance proceeds with respect 
thereto.
 
“ERISA” means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as 
amended from time to time, and any regulations promulgated thereunder.
 
“ERISA Affiliate” means, with respect to any Credit Party, any trade or 
business (whether or not incorporated) that, together with such Credit 
Party, are treated as a single employer within the meaning of Sections 
414(b), (c), (m) or (o) of the IRC.
 
“ERISA Event” means, with respect to any Credit Party or any ERISA 
Affiliate, (a) with respect to a Title IV Plan, any event described in 
Section 4043(c) of ERISA for which notice to the PBGC has not been waived; 
(b) the withdrawal of any Credit Party or ERISA Affiliate from a Title IV 
Plan subject to Section 4063 of ERISA during a plan year in which it was a 
substantial employer, as defined in Section 4001(a)(2) of ERISA; (c) the 
complete or partial withdrawal of any Credit Party or any ERISA Affiliate 
from any Multiemployer Plan; (d) the filing of a notice of intent to 
terminate a Title IV Plan in a distress termination described in Section 
4041(c) of ERISA or the treatment of a plan amendment as a termination 
under Section 4041 of ERISA; (e) the institution of proceedings to 
terminate a Title IV Plan or Multiemployer Plan by the PBGC; (f) with 
respect to a Title IV Plan, the existence of an “accumulated funding 
deficiency” (as defined in Section 412 of the IRC or Section 302 of ERISA 
whether or not waived, or the failure to make by its due date a required 
installment under Section 412(m) of the IRC or the failure to make any 
required contribution to a Multiemployer Plan; (g) the filing pursuant to 
Section 412(d) of the IRC or Section 303(d) of ERISA of an application for 
the waiver of the minimum funding standard with respect to a Title IV Plan; 
(h) the making of any amendment to any Title IV Plan which could result in 
the imposition of a lien or the posting of a bond or other security; (i) 
with respect to a Title IV Plan or event described in Section 4062(e) of 
ERISA, (j) any other event or condition that might reasonably be expected 
to constitute grounds under Section 4042 of ERISA for the termination of, 
or the appointment of a trustee to administer, any Title IV Plan or 
Multiemployer Plan or for the imposition of liability under Section 4069 or 
4212(c) of ERISA; (k) the termination of a Multiemployer Plan under Section 
4041A of ERISA or the reorganization or insolvency of a Multiemployer Plan 
under Section 4241 or 4245 of ERISA; or (l) the loss of a Qualified Plan’s 
qualification or tax exempt status; or (m) the termination of a Plan 
described in Section 4064 of ERISA.

 
Annex A - 13
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
“ESOP” means a Plan that is intended to satisfy the requirements of Section 
4975(e)(7) of the IRC.
 
“Event of Default” has the meaning ascribed to it in Section 8.1.
 
“Excess Formula Availability” means the average daily difference, for any 
period of determination, between (a) the sum of (i) the Aggregate Borrowing 
Base and (ii) the SMP Canada Borrowing Base and (b) the sum of (i) the 
total outstanding balance of Revolving Loans and (ii) the total outstanding 
balance of the Term Loan (in the case of each of subclause (a)(i) and 
(a)(ii) with trade payables being paid consistent with past practices, 
expenses and liabilities being paid in the ordinary course of business, 
without acceleration of sales and without deterioration of working 
capital).  For purposes of determining “Excess Formula Availability” under 
Section 1.5(a)(ii), the 2009 Indenture Maturity Reserve shall be deemed to 
be $0.
 
“Exchange Offer” means SMP’s Offer to Exchange 15% Convertible Subordinated 
Debentures due 2011 for up to $20,000,000 in Aggregate Principal Amount of 
6-3/4% Subordinated Debentures due 2009.
 
“Excluded Real Property” means the Real Estate located in Disputanta, 
Virginia; Greenville, South Carolina; Edwardsville, Kansas; Independence, 
Kansas; and Mishawaka, Indiana.
 
“Existing Stockholder Group” means Arthur S.  Sills, Lawrence I.  Sills, 
Peter Sills, the Sills Family Foundation, Marilyn F.  Cragin, Arthur D.  
Davis, Susan F.  Davis and the various Fife family trusts for which any of 
the foregoing are trustees.
 
“Fair Labor Standards Act” means the Fair Labor Standards Act, 29 U.S.C.  
§201 et seq.
 
“Fair Market Value” means the fair market value of the asset being valued 
based upon an appraisal, in form and substance satisfactory to Agent, by an 
appraiser satisfactory to Agent.
 
“Federal Funds Rate” means, for any day, a floating rate equal to the 
weighted average of the rates on overnight Federal funds transactions among 
members of the Federal Reserve System, as determined by Agent in its sole 
discretion, which determination shall be final, binding and conclusive 
(absent manifest error).
 
“Federal Reserve Board” means the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve 
System.
 
“Fees” means any and all fees payable to Agent or any Lender pursuant to 
the Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents.
 
“Financial Covenants” means the financial covenants set forth in Annex G.

 
Annex A - 14
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
“Financial Statements” means the consolidated and consolidating income 
statements, statements of cash flows and balance sheets of Borrowers 
delivered in accordance with Section 3.4 and Annex E.
 
“Finished Goods NOLV Rate” means the rate set forth as the Net Orderly 
Liquidation Value rate of Eligible Inventory consisting of finished goods 
in the most recent appraisal prepared by an independent appraisal firm 
acceptable to Agent.
 
“Fiscal Month” means any of the monthly accounting periods of Borrowers.
 
“Fiscal Quarter” means any of the quarterly accounting periods of 
Borrowers, ending on or about the last day of March, June, September and 
December of each year.
 
“Fiscal Year” means any of the annual accounting periods of Borrowers 
ending on or about December 31 of each year.
 
“Fixed Charges” means with respect to any Person for any fiscal period (a) 
the aggregate of all Interest Expense paid or accrued during such period, 
plus (b) scheduled payments of principal with respect to Indebtedness 
during such period, plus (c) Capital Expenditures during such period, plus 
(d) dividends paid during such period, plus (e) net cash taxes paid against 
tax refunds received during such period, plus (f) amounts paid in 
accordance with Section 6.14(e)(ii) and (iii), plus (g) cash settlement 
amounts in excess of $3,000,000 associated with the discontinued operations 
of Borrowers’ EIS Brake division and Industrial and Automotive Associates, 
Inc.  Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, Fixed Charges 
specifically exclude payments made in connection with repayments and/or 
redemptions on the applicable scheduled maturity date of the 2009 
Subordinated Debt under the 2009 Indenture.
 
“Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio” means, with respect to any Person for any 
fiscal period, the ratio of EBITDA to Fixed Charges.
 
“Fixtures” means all “fixtures” as such term is defined in the Code, now 
owned or hereafter acquired by any Credit Party.
 
“Funded Debt” means, with respect to any Person, without duplication, all 
Indebtedness for borrowed money evidenced by notes, bonds, debentures, or 
similar evidences of Indebtedness that by its terms matures more than one 
year from, or is directly or indirectly renewable or extendible at such 
Person’s option under a revolving credit or similar agreement obligating 
the lender or lenders to extend credit over a period of more than one year 
from the date of creation thereof, and specifically including Capital Lease 
Obligations, current maturities of long term debt, revolving credit and 
short term debt extendible beyond one year at the option of the debtor, and 
also including, in the case of Borrowers, the Obligations and, without 
duplication, Guaranteed Indebtedness consisting of guaranties of Funded 
Debt of other Persons.
 
“GAAP” means generally accepted accounting principles in the United States 
of America consistently applied, as such term is further defined in Annex G 
to the Agreement.
 
“GE Capital” means General Electric Capital Corporation, a Delaware 
corporation.

 
Annex A - 15
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
“General Intangibles” means all “general intangibles,” as such term is 
defined in the Code, now owned or hereafter acquired by any Credit Party, 
including all right, title and interest that such Credit Party may now or 
hereafter have in or under any Contract, all payment intangibles, customer 
lists, Licenses, Copyrights, Trademarks, Patents, and all applications 
therefor and reissues, extensions or renewals thereof, rights in 
Intellectual Property, interests in partnerships, joint ventures and other 
business associations, licenses, permits, copyrights, trade secrets, 
proprietary or confidential information, inventions (whether or not 
patented or patentable), technical information, procedures, designs, 
knowledge, know how, software, data bases, data, skill, expertise, 
experience, processes, models, drawings, materials and records, goodwill 
(including the goodwill associated with any Trademark or Trademark 
License), all rights and claims in or under insurance policies (including 
insurance for fire, damage, loss and casualty, whether covering personal 
property, real property, tangible rights or intangible rights, all 
liability, life, key man and business interruption insurance, and all 
unearned premiums), choses in action, rights to receive tax refunds and 
other payments, rights to receive dividends, distributions, cash, 
Instruments and other property in respect of or in exchange for pledged 
Stock and Investment Property, rights of indemnification, all books and 
records, correspondence, credit files, invoices and other papers, including 
without limitation all tapes, cards, computer runs and other papers and 
documents in the possession or under the control of such Credit Party or 
any computer bureau or service company from time to time acting for such 
Credit Party.
 
“Goods” means all “goods” as defined in the Code, now owned or hereafter 
acquired by any Credit Party, wherever located, including embedded software 
to the extent included in “goods” as defined in the Code, manufactured 
homes, standing timber that is cut and removed for sale and unborn young of 
animals.
 
“Governmental Authority” means any nation or government, any state or other 
political subdivision thereof, and any agency, department or other entity 
exercising executive, legislative, judicial, regulatory or administrative 
functions of or pertaining to government.
 
“Guaranteed Indebtedness” means as to any Person, any obligation of such 
Person guaranteeing, providing comfort or otherwise supporting any 
Indebtedness, lease, dividend, or other obligation (“primary obligation”) 
of any other Person (the “primary obligor”) in any manner, including any 
obligation or arrangement of such Person to (a) purchase or repurchase any 
such primary obligation, (b) advance or supply funds (i) for the purchase 
or payment of any such primary obligation or (ii) to maintain working 
capital or equity capital of the primary obligor or otherwise to maintain 
the net worth or solvency or any balance sheet condition of the primary 
obligor, (c) purchase property, securities or services primarily for the 
purpose of assuring the owner of any such primary obligation of the ability 
of the primary obligor to make payment of such primary obligation, (d) 
protect the beneficiary of such arrangement from loss (other than product 
warranties given in the ordinary course of business) or (e) indemnify the 
owner of such primary obligation against loss in respect thereof.  The 
amount of any Guaranteed Indebtedness at any time shall be deemed to be an 
amount equal to the lesser at such time of (x) the stated or determinable 
amount of the primary obligation in respect of which such Guaranteed 
Indebtedness is incurred and (y) the maximum amount for which such Person 
may be liable pursuant to the terms of the instrument embodying such 
Guaranteed Indebtedness, or, if not stated or determinable, the maximum 
reasonably anticipated liability (assuming full performance) in respect 
thereof.

 
Annex A - 16
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
“Guaranties” means, collectively, each Subsidiary Guaranty, the Canadian 
Guaranty and any other guaranty executed by any Guarantor in favor of Agent 
and Lenders in respect of the Obligations.
 
“Guarantors” means each Subsidiary of each Borrower, and each other Person, 
if any, that executes a guaranty or other similar agreement in favor of 
Agent, for itself and the ratable benefit of Lenders, in connection with 
the transactions contemplated by the Agreement and the other Loan 
Documents.
 
“Hazardous Material” means any substance, material or waste that is 
regulated by, or forms the basis of liability now or hereafter under, any 
Environmental Laws, including any material or substance that is (a) defined 
as a “solid waste,” “hazardous waste,” “hazardous material,” “hazardous 
substance,” “extremely hazardous waste,” “restricted hazardous waste,” 
“pollutant,” “contaminant,” “hazardous constituent,” “special waste,” 
“toxic substance” or other similar term or phrase under any Environmental 
Laws, or (b) petroleum or any fraction or by product thereof, asbestos, 
polychlorinated biphenyls (PCB’s), or any radioactive substance.
 
“Indebtedness” means, with respect to any Person, without duplication, (a) 
all indebtedness of such Person for borrowed money or for the deferred 
purchase price of property payment for which is deferred 6 months or more, 
but excluding obligations to trade creditors incurred in the ordinary 
course of business that are unsecured and not overdue by more than 6 months 
unless being contested in good faith, (b) all reimbursement and other 
obligations with respect to letters of credit, bankers’ acceptances and 
surety bonds, whether or not matured, (c) all obligations evidenced by 
notes, bonds, debentures or similar instruments, (d) all indebtedness 
created or arising under any conditional sale or other title retention 
agreement with respect to property acquired by such Person (even though the 
rights and remedies of the seller or lender under such agreement in the 
event of default are limited to repossession or sale of such property), (e) 
all Capital Lease Obligations and the present value (discounted at the 
Index Rate as in effect on the Closing Date) of future rental payments 
under all synthetic leases, (f) all obligations of such Person under 
commodity purchase or option agreements or other commodity price hedging 
arrangements, in each case whether contingent or matured, (g) all 
obligations of such Person under any foreign exchange contract, currency 
swap agreement, interest rate swap, cap or collar agreement or other 
similar agreement or arrangement designed to alter the risks of that Person 
arising from fluctuations in currency values or interest rates, in each 
case whether contingent or matured, (h) all Indebtedness referred to above 
secured by (or for which the holder of such Indebtedness has an existing 
right, contingent or otherwise, to be secured by) any Lien upon or in 
property or other assets (including accounts and contract rights) owned by 
such Person, even though such Person has not assumed or become liable for 
the payment of such Indebtedness, and (i) the Obligations.
 
“Indemnified Liabilities” has the meaning ascribed to it in Section 1.13.
 
“Indemnified Person” has the meaning ascribed to in Section 1.13.

 
Annex A - 17
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

“Index Rate” means, for any day, a floating rate equal to the highest rate 
of the following three rates set forth in clauses (i), (ii) and (iii): (i) 
the rate publicly quoted from time to time by The Wall Street Journal as 
the “prime rate” (or, if The Wall Street Journal ceases quoting a prime 
rate, the rate publicly quoted from time to time as the “prime rate” by 
another national publication selected by Agent in its sole discretion), 
(ii) the Federal Funds Rate plus 50 basis points per annum and (iii) the 
sum of (A) the LIBOR Rate for a three month LIBOR Period determined on the 
second full LIBOR Business Day next preceding the first day of such LIBOR 
Period plus (B) the excess of the Applicable Revolver LIBOR Margin over the 
Applicable Revolver Index Margin.  Each change in any interest rate 
provided for in the Agreement based upon the Index Rate shall take effect 
at the time of such change in the Index Rate.
 
“Index Rate Loan” means a Loan or portion thereof bearing interest by 
reference to the Index Rate.
 
“Instruments” means all “instruments,” as such term is defined in the Code, 
now owned or hereafter acquired by any Credit Party, wherever located, and, 
in any event, including all certificates of deposit, and all promissory 
notes and other evidences of indebtedness, other than instruments that 
constitute, or are a part of a group of writings that constitute, Chattel 
Paper.
 
“Intellectual Property” means any and all Licenses, Patents, Copyrights, 
Trademarks, and the goodwill associated with such Trademarks.
 
“Intellectual Property Security Agreement” means, collectively, the 
Trademark Security Agreements, the Patent Security Agreements and the 
Copyright Security Agreements.
 
“Intercompany Notes” has the meaning ascribed to it in Section 6.3.
 
“Interest Expense” means, with respect to any Person for any fiscal period, 
interest expense (whether cash or non-cash) of such Person determined in 
accordance with GAAP for the relevant period ended on such date, including, 
interest expense with respect to any Funded Debt of such Person and 
interest expense for the relevant period that has been capitalized on the 
balance sheet of such Person.
 
“Interest Payment Date” means (a) as to any Index Rate Loan, the first 
Business Day of each month to occur while such Loan is outstanding, and (b) 
as to any LIBOR Loan, the last day of the applicable LIBOR Period; 
provided, that in the case of any LIBOR Period greater than three months in 
duration, interest shall be payable at three-month intervals and on the 
last day of such LIBOR Period; provided, further that, in addition to the 
foregoing, each of (x) the date upon which all of the Commitments have been 
terminated and the Loans have been paid in full and (y) the Commitment 
Termination Date shall be deemed to be an “Interest Payment Date” with 
respect to any interest that has accrued under the Agreement.
 
“Inventory” means all “inventory,” as such term is defined in the Code, now 
owned or hereafter acquired by any Credit Party, wherever located, and in 
any event including inventory, merchandise, goods and other personal 
property that are held by or on behalf of any Credit Party for sale or 
lease or are furnished or are to be furnished under a contract of service, 
or that constitute raw materials, work in process, finished goods, returned 
goods, or materials or supplies of any kind, nature or description used or 
consumed or to be used or consumed in such Credit Party’s business or in 
the processing, production, packaging, promotion, delivery or shipping of 
the same, including other supplies and embedded software.

 
Annex A - 18
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
“Investment Property” means all “investment property” as such term is 
defined in the Code now owned or hereafter acquired by any Credit Party, 
wherever located, including (i) all securities, whether certificated or 
uncertificated, including stocks, bonds, interests in limited liability 
companies, partnership interests, treasuries, certificates of deposit, and 
mutual fund shares; (ii) all securities entitlements of any Credit Party, 
including the rights of any Credit Party to any securities account and the 
financial assets held by a securities intermediary in such securities 
account and any free credit balance or other money owing by any securities 
intermediary with respect to that account; (iii) all securities accounts of 
any Credit Party; (iv) all commodity contracts of any Credit Party; and (v) 
all commodity accounts held by any Credit Party.
 
“IRC” means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and all regulations 
promulgated thereunder.
 
“IRS” means the Internal Revenue Service.
 
“L/C Issuer” has the meaning ascribed to it in Annex B.
 
“L/C Sublimit” has the meaning ascribed to it in Annex B.
 
“Lenders” means GE Capital, the other Lenders named on the signature pages 
of the Agreement, and, if any such Lender shall decide to assign all or any 
portion of the Obligations, such term shall include any assignee of such 
Lender.
 
“Letter of Credit Fee” has the meaning ascribed to it in Annex B.
 
“Letter of Credit Obligations” means all outstanding obligations incurred 
by Agent and Lenders at the request of Borrower Representative, whether 
direct or indirect, contingent or otherwise, due or not due, in connection 
with the issuance of Letters of Credit by Agent or another L/C Issuer or 
the purchase of a participation as set forth in Annex B with respect to any 
Letter of Credit.  The amount of such Letter of Credit Obligations shall 
equal the maximum amount that may be payable at such time or at any time 
thereafter by Agent or Lenders thereupon or pursuant thereto
 
“Letter of Credit Rights” means letter of credit rights as such term is 
defined in the Code, now owned or hereafter acquired by any Credit Party, 
including rights to payment or performance under a letter of credit, 
whether or not such Credit Party, as beneficiary, has demanded or is 
entitled to demand payment or performance.
 
“Letters of Credit” means documentary or standby letters of credit issued 
for the account of any Borrower by any L/C Issuer.  The term does not 
include any Swap Related L/C.
 
“LIBOR Business Day” means a Business Day on which banks in the City of 
London are generally open for interbank or foreign exchange transactions.
 
“LIBOR Loan” means a Loan or any portion thereof bearing interest by 
reference to the LIBOR Rate.

 
Annex A - 19
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
“LIBOR Period” means, with respect to any LIBOR Loan, each period 
commencing on a LIBOR Business Day selected by Borrower Representative 
pursuant to the Agreement and ending one, two, three, six or twelve months 
thereafter, as selected by Borrower Representative’s irrevocable notice to 
Agent as set forth in Section 1.5(e); provided, that the foregoing 
provision relating to LIBOR Periods is subject to the following:
 
(a)           if any LIBOR Period would otherwise end on a day that is not 
a LIBOR Business Day, such LIBOR Period shall be extended to the next 
succeeding LIBOR Business Day unless the result of such extension would be 
to carry such LIBOR Period into another calendar month in which event such 
LIBOR Period shall end on the immediately preceding LIBOR Business Day;
 
(b)           any LIBOR Period that would otherwise extend beyond the 
Commitment Termination Date shall end on the immediately preceding LIBOR 
Business Day;
 
(c)           any LIBOR Period that begins on the last LIBOR Business Day 
of a calendar month (or on a day for which there is no numerically 
corresponding day in the calendar month at the end of such LIBOR Period) 
shall end on the last LIBOR Business Day of a calendar month;
 
(d)           Borrower Representative shall select LIBOR Periods so as not 
to require a payment or prepayment of any LIBOR Loan during a LIBOR Period 
for such Loan; and
 
(e)           Borrower Representative shall select LIBOR Periods so that 
there shall be no more than ten (10) separate LIBOR Loans in existence at 
any one time.
 
“LIBOR Rate” means for each LIBOR Period, a rate of interest determined by 
Agent equal to the offered rate for deposits in United States Dollars for 
the applicable LIBOR Period that appears on Reuters Screen LIBOR01 Page as 
of 11:00 a.m. (London, England time), on the second full LIBOR Business Day 
next preceding the first day of such LIBOR Period (or if no such offered 
rate exists, such rate will be the rate of interest determined from such 
other reporting service or other information as shall be mutually 
acceptable to Agent and Borrowers); provided that at no time shall the 
LIBOR Rate be less than the LIBOR Rate for a three month LIBOR Period 
determined on the second full LIBOR Business Day next preceding the first 
day of such LIBOR Period.
 
“License” means any Copyright License, Patent License, Trademark License or 
other license of rights or interests now held or hereafter acquired by any 
Credit Party.
 
“Lien” means any mortgage or deed of trust, pledge, hypothecation, 
assignment, deposit arrangement, lien, charge, claim, security interest, 
easement or encumbrance, or preference, priority or other security 
agreement or preferential arrangement of any kind or nature whatsoever 
(including any lease or title retention agreement, any financing lease 
having substantially the same economic effect as any of the foregoing, and 
the filing of, or agreement to give, any financing statement perfecting a 
security interest under the Code or comparable law of any jurisdiction).
 
“Litigation” has the meaning ascribed to it in Section 3.13.

 
Annex A - 20
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
“Loan Account” has the meaning ascribed to it in Section 1.12.
 
“Loan Documents” means the Agreement, the Notes, the Collateral Documents, 
the Master Standby Agreement, the Master Documentary Agreement, the Rate 
Protection Agreement, the 2010 GE Capital Fee Letter and all other 
agreements, instruments, documents and certificates identified in the 
Closing Checklist executed and delivered to, or in favor of, Agent or any 
Lenders and including all other pledges, powers of attorney, consents, 
assignments, contracts, notices, and all other written matter whether 
heretofore, now or hereafter executed by or on behalf of any Credit Party, 
or any employee of any Credit Party, and delivered to Agent or any Lender 
in connection with the Agreement or the transactions contemplated thereby.  
Any reference in the Agreement or any other Loan Document to a Loan 
Document shall include all appendices, exhibits or schedules thereto, and 
all amendments, restatements, supplements or other modifications thereto, 
and shall refer to the Agreement or such Loan Document as the same may be 
in effect at any and all times such reference becomes operative.
 
“Loans” means the Revolving Loan.
 
“Lock Boxes” has the meaning ascribed to it in Annex C.
 
“Margin Stock” has the meaning ascribed to in Section 3.10.
 
“Master Documentary Agreement” means the Master Agreement for Documentary 
Letters of Credit dated as of February 7, 2003 among Borrowers, as 
Applicant(s), and GE Capital.
 
“Master Standby Agreement” means the Master Agreement for Standby Letters 
of Credit dated as of February 7, 2003 among Borrowers, as Applicant(s), 
and GE Capital, as issuer.
 
“Material Adverse Effect” means a material adverse effect on (a) the 
business, assets, operations or financial or other condition of any Credit 
Party or the Credit Parties considered as a whole, (b) any Borrower’s 
ability to pay any of the Loans or any of the other Obligations in 
accordance with the terms of the Agreement, (c) the Collateral or Agent’s 
Liens, on behalf of itself and Lenders, on the Collateral or the priority 
of such Liens, or (d) Agent’s or any Lender’s rights and remedies under the 
Agreement and the other Loan Documents.  Without limiting the generality of 
the foregoing, any event or occurrence adverse to one or more Credit 
Parties which results or could reasonably be expected to result in costs, 
damages, liabilities, expenditures or net loss of revenues, individually or 
in the aggregate, to any Credit Party in any 20-day period in excess of 
$40,000,000 shall constitute a Material Adverse Effect.
 
“Maximum Amount” means, as of any date of determination, an amount equal to 
the Commitment of all Lenders as of that date.
 
“Mortgaged Properties” has the meaning assigned to it in Annex D.
 
“Mortgages” means each of the mortgages, deeds of trust, leasehold 
mortgages, leasehold deeds of trust, collateral assignments of leases or 
other real estate security documents delivered by any Credit Party to Agent 
on behalf of itself and Lenders with respect to the Mortgaged Properties, 
as amended, modified or supplemented from time to time, all in form and 
substance reasonably satisfactory to Agent.

 
Annex A - 21
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
“Multiemployer Plan” means a “multiemployer plan” as defined in Sections 
3(37) or 4001(a)(3) of ERISA, and to which any Credit Party or ERISA 
Affiliate is making, is obligated to make or has made or been obligated to 
make, contributions on behalf of participants who are or were employed by 
any of them.
 
“Net Orderly Liquidation Value” means the orderly liquidation value of the 
asset being valued based upon an appraisal, in form and substance 
satisfactory to Agent, by an appraiser satisfactory to Agent.
 
“Net Worth” means, with respect to any Person as of any date of 
determination, the book value of the assets of such Person, minus the sum 
of (a) reserves applicable thereto, and (b) all of such Person’s 
liabilities on a consolidated basis (including accrued and deferred income 
taxes), all as determined in accordance with GAAP.
 
“Non-Funding Lender” has the meaning ascribed to it in Section 9.9(a)(ii).
 
“Notes” means the Revolving Notes.
 
“Notice of Conversion/Continuation” has the meaning ascribed to it in 
Section 1.5(d).
 
“Notice of Revolving Credit Advance” has the meaning ascribed to it in 
Section 1.1(a).
 
“Obligations” means all loans, advances, debts, liabilities and obligations 
for the performance of covenants, tasks or duties or for payment of 
monetary amounts (whether or not such performance is then required or 
contingent, or such amounts are liquidated or determinable) owing by any 
Credit Party to Agent or any Lender, and all covenants and duties regarding 
such amounts, of any kind or nature, present or future, whether or not 
evidenced by any note, agreement or other instrument, arising under the 
Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents or pursuant to any cash 
management services provided by any Lender to any Credit Party.  This term 
includes all principal, interest (including all interest that accrues after 
the commencement of any case or proceeding by or against any Credit Party 
in bankruptcy, whether or not allowed in such case or proceeding), Fees, 
Charges, Swap Related Reimbursement Obligations, any obligations under any 
Rate Protection Agreement, expenses, attorneys’ fees and any other sum 
chargeable to any Credit Party under the Agreement or any of the other Loan 
Documents.
 
“Original Closing Date” means March 20, 2007.
 
“Original Credit Agreement” means the Second Amended and Restated Credit 
Agreement dated as of March 20, 2007 by and among Borrowers, the other 
Credit Parties party thereto, GE Capital as Agent and Lender and the other 
Original Lenders party thereto, as same was amended, supplemented or 
otherwise modified prior to the Closing Date.
 
“Original Lenders” means the Lenders who were Lenders under the Original 
Credit Agreement.

 
Annex A - 22
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
“Overadvance” has the meaning ascribed to it in Section 1.1(a)(iii).
 
“Patent License” means rights under any written agreement now owned or 
hereafter acquired by any Credit Party granting any right with respect to 
any invention on which a Patent is in existence.
 
“Patent Security Agreements” means the Patent Security Agreements made in 
favor of Agent, on behalf of itself and Lenders, by each applicable Credit 
Party, as amended, modified or supplemented from time to time.
 
“Patents” means all of the following in which any Credit Party now holds or 
hereafter acquires any interest: (a) all letters patent of the United 
States or of any other country, all registrations and recordings thereof, 
and all applications for letters patent of the United States or of any 
other country, including registrations, recordings and applications in the 
United States Patent and Trademark Office or in any similar office or 
agency of the United States, any State, or any other country, and (b) all 
reissues, continuations, continuations in part or extensions thereof.
 
“PBGC” means the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation.
 
“Pension Plan” means a Plan described in Section 3(2) of ERISA.
 
“Permitted Acquisition” has the meaning ascribed to it in Section 6.1.
 
“Permitted Encumbrances” means the following encumbrances: (a) Liens for 
taxes or assessments or other governmental Charges not yet due and payable 
or which are being contested in accordance with Section 5.2(b); (b) pledges 
or deposits of money securing statutory obligations under workmen’s 
compensation, unemployment insurance, social security or public liability 
laws or similar legislation (excluding Liens under ERISA); (c) pledges or 
deposits of money securing bids, tenders, contracts (other than contracts 
for the payment of money) or leases to which any Credit Party is a party as 
lessee made in the ordinary course of business; (d) inchoate and 
unperfected workers’, mechanics’ or similar liens arising in the ordinary 
course of business, so long as such Liens attach only to Equipment, 
Fixtures and/or Real Estate; (e) carriers’, warehousemen’s, suppliers’ or 
other similar possessory liens arising in the ordinary course of business 
and securing liabilities in an outstanding aggregate amount not in excess 
of $500,000 at any time, so long as such Liens attach only to Inventory; 
(f) deposits securing, or in lieu of, surety, appeal or customs bonds in 
proceedings to which any Credit Party is a party; (g) any attachment or 
judgment lien not constituting an Event of Default under Section 8.1(j); 
(h) zoning restrictions, easements, licenses, or other restrictions on the 
use of any Real Estate or other minor irregularities in title (including 
leasehold title) thereto, so long as the same do not materially impair the 
use, value, or marketability of such Real Estate; (i) presently existing or 
hereafter created Liens in favor of Agent, on behalf of Lenders; (j) Liens 
expressly permitted under clauses (b) and (c) of Section 6.7 of the 
Agreement; (k) liens on SMP’s publicly-held stock which is held in trust 
for SMP’s ESOP and (l) the Capital Leases of up to $13,000,000 in the 
aggregate.

 
Annex A - 23
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

“Permitted Overnight Investments” means investments in a money market fund 
which invests in (a) marketable direct obligations of, or obligations the 
principal of and interest on which are unconditionally guaranteed by, the 
United States of America (or by any agency thereof to the extent such 
obligations are backed by the full faith and credit of the United States of 
America), in each case maturing within one year from the date of 
acquisition thereof; (b) investments in commercial paper maturing within 
six months from the date of acquisition thereof and having, at such date of 
acquisition, a rating of at least “P2” or the equivalent thereof from S&P 
or of at least “A2” or the equivalent thereof from Moody’s; (c) investments 
in certificates of deposit, banker’s acceptances and time deposits maturing 
within 180 days from the date of acquisition thereof issued or guaranteed 
by or placed with, and money market deposit accounts issued or offered by, 
any domestic office of any commercial bank organized under the laws of the 
United States of America or any State thereof which has a combined capital 
and surplus and undivided profits of not less than $250,000,000; and (d) 
repurchase agreements with a term of not more than 90 days for securities 
described in clause (a) above and entered into with a financial institution 
satisfying the criteria described in clause (c) above.
 
“Person” means any individual, sole proprietorship, partnership, joint 
venture, trust, unincorporated organization, association, corporation, 
limited liability company, institution, public benefit corporation, other 
entity or government (whether federal, state, county, city, municipal, 
local, foreign, or otherwise, including any instrumentality, division, 
agency, body or department thereof).
 
“Plan” means, at any time, an “employee benefit plan”, as defined in 
Section 3(3) of ERISA, that any Credit Party or ERISA Affiliate maintains, 
contributes to or has an obligation to contribute to or has maintained, 
contributed to or had an obligation to contribute to at any time within the 
past 7 years on behalf of participants who are or were employed by any 
Credit Party or ERISA Affiliate.
 
“Pledge Agreements” means, collectively, the SMP Pledge Agreement and any 
pledge agreements entered into after the Closing Date by any Credit Party 
(as required by the Agreement or any other Loan Document), as amended, 
modified or supplemented from time to time.
 
“Pledged Cash” means cash, which may at any time be pledged by SI in favor 
of Agent, pursuant to documentation satisfactory to Agent, which cash is or 
shall be on deposit at Banco Popular, or any other bank reasonably 
acceptable to Agent, in the form of a time deposit.
 
“Pledged Securities” means marketable securities, which may at any time be 
pledged by SI in favor of Agent, pursuant to documentation satisfactory to 
Agent.
 
“Proceeds” means “proceeds,” as such term is defined in the Code, including 
(a) any and all proceeds of any insurance, indemnity, warranty or guaranty 
payable to any Credit Party from time to time with respect to any of the 
Collateral, (b) any and all payments (in any form whatsoever) made or due 
and payable to any Credit Party from time to time in connection with any 
requisition, confiscation, condemnation, seizure or forfeiture of all or 
any part of the Collateral by any Governmental Authority (or any Person 
acting under color of governmental authority), (c) any claim of any Credit 
Party against third parties (i) for past, present or future infringement of 
any Patent or Patent License, or (ii) for past, present or future 
infringement or dilution of any Copyright, Copyright License, Trademark or 
Trademark License, or for injury to the goodwill associated with any 
Trademark or Trademark License, (d) any recoveries by any Credit Party 
against third parties with respect to any litigation or dispute concerning 
any of the Collateral including claims arising out of the loss or 
nonconformity of, interference with the use of, defects in, or infringement 
of rights in, or damage to, Collateral, (e) all amounts collected on, or 
distributed on account of, other Collateral, including dividends, interest, 
distributions and Instruments with respect to Investment Property and 
pledged Stock, and (f) any and all other amounts, rights to payment or 
other property acquired upon the sale, lease, license, exchange or other 
disposition of Collateral and all rights arising out of Collateral or 
otherwise.

 
Annex A - 24
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
“Projections” means Borrowers’ forecasted consolidated and consolidating: 
(a) balance sheets; (b) profit and loss statements; (c) cash flow 
statements; and (d) capitalization statements, all prepared on a Subsidiary 
by Subsidiary or division-by-division basis, if applicable, and otherwise 
consistent with the historical Financial Statements of the Borrowers, 
together with appropriate supporting details and a statement of underlying 
assumptions.
 
“Pro Rata Share” means with respect to all matters relating to any Lender, 
(a) with respect to the Revolving Loan, the percentage obtained by dividing 
(i) the Commitment of that Lender by (ii) the aggregate Commitments of all 
Lenders, and (b) with respect to all Revolving Loans on and after the 
Commitment Termination Date, the percentage obtained by dividing (i) the 
aggregate outstanding principal balance of the Revolving Loans held by that 
Lender, by (ii) the outstanding principal balance of the Revolving Loans 
held by all Lenders.
 
“Qualified Plan” means a Pension Plan that is intended to be tax qualified 
under Section 401(a) of the IRC.
 
“Qualified Assignee” means (a) any Lender, any Affiliate of any Lender or 
any entity (whether a corporation, partnership, trust or otherwise) that is 
engaged in making, purchasing, holding or otherwise investing in bank loans 
and similar extensions of credit in the ordinary course of its business and 
is administered or managed by a Lender or an Affiliate of such Lender and, 
with respect to any Lender that is an investment fund that invests in 
commercial loans, any other investment fund that invests in commercial 
loans and that is managed or advised by the same investment advisor as such 
Lender or by an Affiliate of such investment advisor, and (b) any 
commercial bank, savings and loan association or savings bank or any other 
entity which is an “accredited investor” (as defined in Regulation D under 
the Securities Act of 1933) which extends credit or buys loans as one of 
its businesses, including insurance companies, mutual funds, lease 
financing companies and commercial finance companies, in each case, which 
has a rating of BBB or higher from S&P and a rating of Baa2 or higher from 
Moody’s at the date that it becomes a Lender and which, through its 
applicable lending office, is capable of lending to Borrowers without the 
imposition of any withholding or similar taxes; provided that no Person 
proposed to become a Lender after the Closing Date and determined by Agent 
to be acting in the capacity of a vulture fund or distressed debt purchaser 
shall be a Qualified Assignee, and no Person or Affiliate of such Person 
that holds Subordinated Debt or Stock issued by any Credit Party shall be a 
Qualified Assignee.

 
Annex A - 25
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

“Rate Protection Agreement” means, collectively, (a) any interest rate 
swap, cap, collar, credit, commodity, floor, forward foreign exchange 
transaction, currency swap, cross currency rate swap, currency option, or 
similar agreement entered into by any Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries 
under which the counterparty of such agreement is (or at the time such 
agreement was entered into, was) a Lender or an Affiliate of a Lender, (b) 
any Bank Product Agreement entered into by any Borrower or any of its 
Subsidiaries under which the counterparty of such agreement is (or at the 
time such agreement was entered into, was) a Lender or an Affiliate of a 
Lender, or (c) any lease for personal property entered into by any Borrower 
or any of its Subsidiaries with Agent or any Lender or an Affiliate of any 
Lender.  For the avoidance of doubt, “Rate Protection Agreement” shall not 
include any interest rate swap, cap, collar, credit, commodity, floor, 
forward foreign exchange transaction, currency swap, cross currency rate 
swap, currency option, or similar agreement arranged by GE Capital and 
supported by a  Swap Related L/C.
 
“Rate Protection Obligations” means Obligations which arise under any Rate 
Protection Agreement.
 
“Raw Materials NOLV Rate” means the rate set forth as the Net Orderly 
Liquidation Value rate of Eligible Inventory consisting of raw materials in 
the most recent appraisal prepared by an independent appraisal firm 
acceptable to Agent.
 
“Real Estate” has the meaning ascribed to it in Section 3.6.
 
“Real Estate Reserve” means, as of the date of determination by Agent an 
amount equal to 50% of the appraised value of any Eligible Real Estate that 
does not have a corresponding Environmental Site Assessment Report, 
consistent with American Society for Testing and Materials (ASTM) Standard 
E 1527-00 and applicable state or provincial requirements, prepared by 
environmental engineers reasonably satisfactory to Agent, in form and 
substance reasonably satisfactory to Agent in its sole discretion; provided 
such Real Estate Reserves shall be implemented or withdrawn in Agent’s sole 
discretion.
 
“Receivables Advance Rate” means at any time, a rate equal to the product 
of (a) 85% and (b) the rate set forth as the Finished Goods NOLV Rate.
 
“Release” means any release, threatened release, spill, emission, leaking, 
pumping, pouring, emitting, emptying, escape, injection, deposit, disposal, 
discharge, dispersal, dumping, leaching or migration of Hazardous Material 
in the indoor or outdoor environment, including the movement of Hazardous 
Material through or in the air, soil, surface water, ground water or 
property.
 
“Reloading Accordion” means, at Borrower Representative’s option, an 
increase in the Aggregate Amortization Availability pursuant to Section 
1.1(b).
 
“Reloading Appraisal” means an appraisal obtained in connection with the 
exercise of the Reloading Accordion, which appraisal (i) shall have been 
prepared by an independent appraisal firm acceptable to Agent in its sole 
discretion, (ii) shall set forth (x) the appraised Fair Market Value of the 
Eligible Real Estate of Borrowers and SMP Canada as of such appraisal date 
and (y) the Net Orderly Liquidation Value of the Eligible Equipment of 
Borrowers and SMP Canada as of such appraisal date.

 
Annex A - 26
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
“Requisite Lenders” means Lenders having (a) 66-2/3% of the Commitments of 
all Lenders, or (b) if the Commitments have been terminated, 66-2/3% of the 
aggregate outstanding amount of the Revolving Loan.
 
“Reserves” means (a) reserves established by Agent from time to time 
against Eligible Inventory pursuant to Section 5.9, (b) reserves 
established pursuant to Section 5.4(c), (c) INTENTIONALLY OMITTED, (d) the 
2009 Indenture Maturity Reserve, (e) the Real Estate Reserve established by 
Agent from time to time and (f) such other reserves (including, without 
limitation, reserves for Rate Protection Agreements) against Eligible 
Accounts, Eligible Inventory or Borrowing Availability of any Borrower that 
Agent may, in its reasonable credit judgment, establish from time to time.  
Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, Reserves established to 
ensure the payment of accrued Interest Expenses or Indebtedness shall be 
deemed to be a reasonable exercise of Agent’s credit judgment.
 
“Restricted Payment” means, with respect to any Credit Party (a) the 
declaration or payment of any dividend or the incurrence of any liability 
to make any other payment or distribution of cash or other property or 
assets in respect of Stock; (b) any payment on account of the purchase, 
redemption, defeasance, sinking fund or other retirement of such Credit 
Party’s Stock or any other payment or distribution made in respect thereof, 
either directly or indirectly; (c) any payment or prepayment of principal 
of, premium, if any, or interest, fees or other charges on or with respect 
to, and any redemption, purchase, retirement, defeasance, sinking fund or 
similar payment and any claim for rescission with respect to, any 
Subordinated Debt; (d) any payment made to redeem, purchase, repurchase or 
retire, or to obtain the surrender of, any outstanding warrants, options or 
other rights to acquire Stock of such Credit Party now or hereafter 
outstanding; (e) any payment of a claim for the rescission of the purchase 
or sale of, or for material damages arising from the purchase or sale of, 
any shares of such Credit Party’s Stock or of a claim for reimbursement, 
indemnification or contribution arising out of or related to any such claim 
for damages or rescission; (f) any loan, contribution, or other transfer of 
funds or other property to any Stockholder of such Credit Party who has 
filed Form 13-G other (i) than payment of compensation in the ordinary 
course of business to Stockholders who have filled a Form 13-G and who are 
employees of or consultants to such Person and (ii) payment of trade 
payables incurred in the ordinary course of such Credit Party’s business; 
and (g) any payment of management fees (or other fees of a similar nature) 
by such Credit Party to any Stockholder of such Credit Party or its 
Affiliates.
 
“Retiree Welfare Plan” means, at any time, a welfare plan (within the 
meaning of Section 3(1) of ERISA) that provides for continuing coverage or 
benefits for any participant or any beneficiary of a participant after such 
participant’s termination of employment, other than continuation coverage 
provided pursuant to Section 4980B of the IRC or other similar state law 
and at the sole expense of the participant or the beneficiary of the 
participant.
 
“Revolving Credit Advance” has the meaning ascribed to it in Section 
1.1(a)(i).
 
“Revolving Loan” means, at any time, the sum of (i) the aggregate amount of 
Revolving Credit Advances outstanding to Borrowers plus (ii) the aggregate 
Letter of Credit Obligations incurred on behalf of Borrowers.  Unless the 
context otherwise requires, references to the outstanding principal balance 
of the Revolving Loan shall include the outstanding balance of Letter of 
Credit Obligations.

 
Annex A - 27
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
“Revolving Note” has the meaning ascribed to it in Section 1.1(a)(ii).
 
“Security Agreement” means the Security Agreement dated April 27, 2001 
herewith entered into by and among Agent, on behalf of itself and Lenders, 
and each Credit Party that is a signatory thereto, as amended, supplemented 
or modified from time to time.
 
“SI” means Stanric, Inc., a Delaware corporation.
 
“SI Amortizing Availability” means (A) $0 less $0 per Fiscal Quarter 
commencing with the Fiscal Quarter ending March 31, 2011, plus (B) the 
Additional SI Amortizing Availability, minus (C) an amount equal to (i) 85% 
of the Net Orderly Liquidation Value of any Eligible Equipment, as of the 
Closing Date or the date it is purchased by SI, which is the basis of SI 
Amortizing Availability, and which is subject to a loss, sale, destruction 
or other disposition, less (ii) the product of one-twenty fourth of the 
amount determined under the preceding clause (i) and the number of full 
Fiscal Quarters that have occurred since the Closing Date or the purchase 
of such Eligible Equipment to the date of such loss, sale, destruction or 
other disposition, as the case may be.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, in 
the event that the Reloading Accordion option is exercised by the Borrower 
Representative, (a) clause (A) of the definition of “SI Amortizing 
Availability” shall mean the sum of (i) 50% of the Fair Market Value of the 
Eligible Real Estate of SI as set forth on the Reloading Appraisal, plus 
(ii) 85% of the Net Orderly Liquidation Value of the Eligible Equipment of 
SI as set forth on the Reloading Appraisal, minus (iii) one-twentieth of 
the sum of subclauses (i) and (ii) of this sentence commencing with the 
Fiscal Quarter ending immediately following the effective date of the 
Reloading Accordion and (b) subclause (C)(ii) of the definition of “SI 
Amortizing Availability” shall mean the product of one-twentieth of the 
amount determined under subclause (C)(i) and the number of full Fiscal 
Quarters that have occurred since the effective date of the Reloading 
Accordion or the purchase of such Eligible Real Estate or Eligible 
Equipment to the date of such loss, sale, destruction or other disposition, 
as the case may be.
 
“SI Borrowing Base” means, as of any date of termination by Agent, from 
time to time, an amount equal to the sum, at such time of:
 
(a)           up to an amount equal to the product of the Receivables 
Advance Rate multiplied by the book value of SI’s Eligible Accounts; and
 
(b)           up to the lesser of (i) 60% of the book value of SI’s 
Eligible Inventory valued at the lower of cost (determined on a first in, 
first out basis) or market; or (ii) 85% times the sum of (x) the product of 
the Finished Goods NOLV Rate times SI’s Eligible Inventory consisting of 
finished goods, (y) the product of the Raw Materials NOLV Rate times SI’s 
Eligible Inventory consisting of raw materials, and (z) the product of the 
Cores NOLV Rate times SI’s Eligible Inventory consisting of cores, with the 
value of the components of Eligible Inventory valued at the lower of cost 
(determined on a first-in, first-out basis) or market; and

 
Annex A - 28
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

(c)           with respect to documentary Letters of Credit opened solely 
for the purposes of purchasing Eligible Inventory and having an expiry date 
of 90 days or less from the date of issuance, a percentage equal to the 
inventory advance rate in effect at the time of issuance of any such Letter 
of Credit multiplied by the cost of the goods constituting Eligible 
Inventory being purchased under such documentary Letters of Credit (so long 
as such Eligible Inventory is (i) fully insured, (ii) is subject to a first 
priority security interest in and lien upon such goods in favor of Agent 
and (iii) is evidenced or deliverable pursuant to documents, notices, 
instruments, statements and bills of lading that have been delivered to 
Agent or an agent acting on its behalf); and
 
(d)           SI Amortizing Availability; less
 
(e)           Letter of Credit Obligations incurred on behalf of SI,
 
in each case less any Reserves established by Agent at such time in its 
reasonable credit judgment.
 
“SMP” means Standard Motor Products, Inc., a New York corporation.
 
“SMP Amortizing Availability” means (A) $8,027,000 less $892,000 per Fiscal 
Quarter commencing with the Fiscal Quarter ending March 31, 2011, plus (B) 
the Additional SMP Amortizing Availability, minus (C) an amount equal to 
(i) 50% of the Fair Market Value of any Eligible Real Estate as of the 
Closing Date or the date it is purchased by SMP or 85% of the Net Orderly 
Liquidation Value of any Eligible Equipment as of the Closing Date or the 
date it is purchased by SMP, which is the basis of SMP Amortizing 
Availability, and which is subject to a loss, sale, destruction or other 
disposition, less (ii) the product of one-twenty fourth of the amount 
determined under the preceding clause (i) and the number of full Fiscal 
Quarters that have occurred since the Closing Date or the purchase of such 
Eligible Real Estate or Eligible Equipment to the date of such loss, sale, 
destruction or other disposition, as the case may be. Notwithstanding the 
foregoing, in the event that the Reloading Accordion option is exercised by 
the Borrower Representative, (a) clause (A) of the definition of “SMP 
Amortizing Availability” shall mean the sum of (i) 50% of the Fair Market 
Value of the Eligible Real Estate of SMP as set forth on the Reloading 
Appraisal, plus (ii) 85% of the Net Orderly Liquidation Value of the 
Eligible Equipment of SMP as set forth on the Reloading Appraisal, minus 
(iii) one-twentieth of the sum of subclauses (i) and (ii) of this sentence 
commencing with the Fiscal Quarter ending immediately following the 
effective date of the Reloading Accordion and (b) subclause (C)(ii) of the 
definition of “SMP Amortizing Availability” shall mean the product of 
one-twentieth of the amount determined under subclause (C)(i) and the 
number of full Fiscal Quarters that have occurred since the effective date 
of the Reloading Accordion or the purchase of such Eligible Real Estate or 
Eligible Equipment to the date of such loss, sale, destruction or other 
disposition, as the case may be.
 
“SMP Borrowing Base” means, as of any date of determination by Agent, from 
time to time, an amount equal to the sum at such time of:
 
(a)           up to an amount equal to the product of the Receivables 
Advance Rate multiplied by the book value of SMP ‘s Eligible Accounts; and

 
Annex A - 29
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

(b)           up to the lesser of (i) 60% of the book value of SMP’s 
Eligible Inventory valued at the lower of cost (determined on a first in, 
first out basis) or market; or (ii) 85% times the sum of (x) the product of 
the Finished Goods NOLV Rate times SMP’s Eligible Inventory consisting of 
finished goods, (y) the product of the Raw Materials NOLV Rate times SMP’s 
Eligible Inventory consisting of raw materials, and (z) the product of the 
Cores NOLV Rate times SMP’s Eligible Inventory consisting of cores, with 
the value of the components of Eligible Inventory valued at the lower of 
cost (determined on a first-in, first-out basis) or market; and
 
(c)           with respect to documentary Letters of Credit opened solely 
for the purposes of purchasing Eligible Inventory and having an expiry date 
of 90 days or less from the date of issuance, a percentage equal to the 
inventory advance rate in effect at the time of issuance of any such Letter 
of Credit multiplied by the cost of the goods constituting Eligible 
Inventory being purchased under such documentary Letters of Credit (so long 
as such Eligible Inventory is (i) fully insured, (ii) is subject to a first 
priority security interest in and lien upon such goods in favor of Agent 
and (iii) is evidenced or deliverable pursuant to documents, notices, 
instruments, statements and bills of lading that have been delivered to 
Agent or an agent acting on its behalf); and
 
(d)           SMP Amortizing Availability; less
 
(e)           Letter of Credit Obligations incurred on behalf of SMP,
 
in each case less any Reserves established by Agent at such time in its 
reasonable credit judgment.
 
“SMP Canada” means SMP Motor Products Ltd., a corporation amalgamated under 
the laws of Canada.
 
“SMP Canada Amortizing Availability” means (A) $291,000 less $32,000 per 
Fiscal Quarter commencing with the Fiscal Quarter ending March 31, 2011, 
plus (B) the Additional SMP Canada Amortizing Availability, minus (C) an 
amount equal to (i) 50% of the Fair Market Value of any SMP Canada Eligible 
Real Estate as of the Closing Date or the date it is purchased by SMP 
Canada or 85% of the Net Orderly Liquidation Value of any SMP Canada 
Eligible Equipment as of the Closing Date or the date it is purchased by 
SMP Canada, which is the basis of SMP Canada Amortizing Availability, and 
which is subject to a loss, sale, destruction or other disposition, less 
(ii) the product of one-twenty fourth of the amount determined under the 
preceding clause (i) and the number of full Fiscal Quarters that have 
occurred since the Closing Date or the purchase of such SMP Canada Eligible 
Real Estate or SMP Canada Eligible Equipment to the date of such loss, 
sale, destruction or other disposition, as the case may be.  In no event, 
at any time, shall the amount included in SMP Canada Amortizing 
Availability based upon the Fair Market Value of Eligible Real Estate 
exceed 50% of such SMP Canada Amortizing Availability. Notwithstanding the 
foregoing, in the event that the Reloading Accordion option is exercised by 
the Borrower Representative, (a) clause (A) of the definition of “SMP 
Canada Amortizing Availability” shall mean the sum of (i) 50% of the Fair 
Market Value of the SMP Canada Eligible Real Estate as set forth on the 
Reloading Appraisal, plus (ii) 85% of the Net Orderly Liquidation Value of 
the SMP Canada Eligible Equipment as set forth on the Reloading Appraisal, 
minus (iii) one-twentieth of the sum of subclauses (i) and (ii) of this 
sentence commencing with the Fiscal Quarter ending immediately following 
the effective date of the Reloading Accordion and (b) subclause (C)(ii) of 
the definition of “SMP Canada Amortizing Availability” shall mean the 
product of one-twentieth of the amount determined under the subclause 
(C)(i) and the number of full Fiscal Quarters that have occurred since the 
effective date of the Reloading Appraisal or the purchase of such SMP 
Canada Eligible Real Estate or SMP Canada Eligible Equipment to the date of 
such loss, sale, destruction or other disposition, as the case may be

 
Annex A - 30
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
“SMP Canada Borrowing Base” means, as of any date of determination by 
Agent, from time to time, an amount equal to the sum, at such time of:
 
(a)           up to an amount equal to the product of the Receivables 
Advance Rate multiplied by the book value of SMP Canada’s Eligible 
Accounts; and
 
(b)           up to the lesser of (i) 60% of the book value of SMP Canada’s 
Eligible Inventory valued at the lower of cost (determined on a first-in, 
first-out basis) or market or (ii) 85% times the sum of (x) the product of 
the Finished Goods NOLV Rate times SMP Canada’s Eligible Inventory 
consisting of finished goods, (y) the product of the Raw Materials NOLV 
Rate times SMP Canada’s Eligible Inventory consisting of raw materials, and 
(z) the product of the Cores NOLV Rate times SMP Canada’s Eligible 
Inventory consisting of cores, with the value of the components of Eligible 
Inventory valued at the lower of cost (determined on a first-in, first-out 
basis) or market and Agent agrees that Hilco Real Estate, LLC shall be 
deemed an acceptable appraiser with respect to SMP Canada’s Inventory; and
 
(c)           SMP Canada Amortizing Availability; less
 
in each case less any Reserves (as defined in the Canadian Loan Agreement) 
established by Agent at such time in its reasonable credit judgment 
(including without limitation, a Real Estate Reserve, reserves established 
with respect to Liens created by applicable law (in contrast with Liens 
voluntarily granted) which rank or are capable of ranking prior or pari 
passu with Canadian Agent’s security interests (or interests similar 
thereto under applicable law) against all or part of the Collateral (as 
defined in the Canadian Loan Agreement), including for amounts owing for 
employee source deductions, goods and services taxes, sales taxes, 
harmonized sales taxes, municipal taxes, workers’ compensation, Quebec 
corporate taxes, pension fund obligations and overdue rents).
 
“SMP Canada Eligible Equipment” means, as to SMP Canada, Equipment (as 
defined in the Canadian Loan Agreement) which is subject to a first 
priority Lien in favor of Canadian Agent, for its benefit and for the 
ratable benefit of Canadian Lenders, and which is appraised by an appraiser 
satisfactory to Agent.

 
Annex A - 31
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

“SMP Canada Eligible Real Estate” means as to SMP Canada, real estate with 
respect to which Canadian Agent shall have received (a) mortgages covering 
all of such real estate together with (i) title insurance policies, current 
as-built surveys, zoning letters and certificates of occupancy, in each 
case reasonably satisfactory in form and substance to Agent, (ii) evidence 
that counterparts of the Mortgages have been recorded in all places to the 
extent necessary or desirable, in the judgment of Canadian Agent, to create 
a valid and enforceable first priority Lien (subject to Permitted 
Encumbrances, as defined in the Canadian Loan Agreement) on such real 
estate in favor of Canadian Agent for the benefit of itself and Lenders (or 
in favor of such other trustee as may be required or desired under local 
law); and (iii) an opinion of counsel in each jurisdiction in which any 
such real estate is located in form and substance and from counsel 
reasonably satisfactory to Agent, (b) an Environmental Site Assessment 
Report, prepared by environmental engineers reasonably acceptable to Agent, 
and in form and substance reasonably acceptable to Agent, and Agent shall 
have further received (x) such environmental review and audit reports, 
including Phase II reports, with respect to such real estate as Agent may 
request, and Agent shall be satisfied in its sole discretion, with the 
contents of all such environmental reports, and (y) letters executed by the 
environmental firms preparing such environmental reports, in form and 
substance reasonably satisfactory to Agent, authorizing Agent and Lenders 
to rely on such reports, and (c) appraisals of such real estate which shall 
be in form and substance, and prepared by appraisers, reasonably acceptable 
to Agent.
 
“SMP Canada’s Eligible Accounts” shall mean all of the Accounts owned by 
SMP Canada that meet the eligibility criteria set forth in Section 1.6 of 
the Canadian Loan Agreement.
 
“SMP Canada’s Eligible Inventory” shall mean all of the Inventory owned by 
SMP Canada that meets the eligibility criteria set forth in Section 1.7 of 
the Canadian Loan Agreement.
 
“SMP Europe” means Standard Motor Products Europe Limited.
 
“SMP HK” means Standard Motor Products (Hong Kong) Limited, a Hong Kong 
Corporation.
 
“SMP LLC” means SMP Real Estate LLC, a Delaware limited liability company.
 
“SMP Pledge Agreement” means the Pledge Agreement dated April 27, 2001 
executed by SMP in favor of Agent, on behalf of itself and Lenders, 
pledging all Stock of its Subsidiaries (except with respect to foreign 
Subsidiaries other than a “check the box” subsidiary, 51% of the capital 
stock shall be pledged), if any, and all Intercompany Notes owing to or 
held by it, as amended, modified or supplemented from time to time.
 
“Software” means all “software” as such term is defined in the Code, now 
owned or hereafter acquired by any Credit Party, other than software 
embedded in any category of goods, including all computer programs and all 
supporting information provided in connection, with a transaction related 
to any program.
 
“Solvent” means, with respect to any Person on a particular date, that on 
such date (a) the fair value of the property of such Person is greater than 
the total amount of liabilities, including contingent liabilities, of such 
Person; (b) the present fair salable value of the assets of such Person is 
not less than the amount that will be required to pay the probable 
liability of such Person on its debts as they become absolute and matured; 
(c) such Person does not intend to, and does not believe that it will, 
incur debts or liabilities beyond such Person’s ability to pay as such 
debts and liabilities mature; and (d) such Person is not engaged in a 
business or transaction, and is not about to engage in a business or 
transaction, for which such Person’s property would constitute an 
unreasonably small capital.  The amount of contingent liabilities (such as 
litigation, guaranties and pension plan liabilities) at any time shall be 
computed as the amount that, in light of all the facts and circumstances 
existing at the time, represents the amount that can be reasonably be 
expected to become an actual or matured liability.

 
Annex A - 32
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
“Stock” means all shares, options, warrants, general or limited partnership 
interests, membership interests or other equivalents (regardless of how 
designated) of or in a corporation, partnership, limited liability company 
or equivalent entity whether voting or nonvoting, including common stock, 
preferred stock or any other “equity security” (as such term is defined in 
Rule 3a11 1 of the General Rules and Regulations promulgated by the 
Securities and Exchange Commission under the Securities Exchange Act of 
1934).
 
“Stockholder” means, with respect to any Person, each holder of Stock of 
such Person.
 
“Subordinated Debt” means the Indebtedness of SMP evidenced by the 
Subordinated Debt Documents and any other Indebtedness of any Credit Party 
subordinated to the Obligations in a manner and form satisfactory to Agent 
and Lenders in their sole discretion, as to right and time of payment and 
as to any other rights and remedies thereunder.
 
“Subordinated Debt Documents” means the 2009 Indenture.
 
“Subsidiary” means, with respect to any Person, (a) any corporation of 
which an aggregate of more than 50% of the outstanding Stock having 
ordinary voting power to elect a majority of the board of directors of such 
corporation (irrespective of whether, at the time, Stock of any other class 
or classes of such corporation shall have or might have voting power by 
reason of the happening of any contingency) is at the time, directly or 
indirectly, owned legally or beneficially by such Person or one or more 
Subsidiaries of such Person, or with respect to which any such Person has 
the right to vote or designate the vote of 50% or more of such Stock 
whether by proxy, agreement, operation of law or otherwise, and (b) any 
partnership or limited liability company in which such Person and/or one or 
more Subsidiaries of such Person shall have an interest (whether in the 
form of voting or participation in profits or capital contribution) of more 
than 50% or of which any such Person is a general partner or may exercise 
the powers of a general partner.  Unless the context otherwise requires, 
each reference to a Subsidiary shall be a reference to a Subsidiary of a 
Borrower.
 
“Subsidiary Guaranty” means the Subsidiary Guaranty dated April 27, 2001 
executed by each domestic Subsidiary of each Borrower, each in favor of 
Agent, on behalf of itself and Lenders, as amended, modified or 
supplemented from time to time.
 
“Supermajority Lenders” means Lenders having (a) 80% or more of the 
Commitments of all Lenders, or (b) if the Commitments have been terminated, 
80% or more of the aggregate outstanding amount of the Revolving Loan and 
Letter of Credit Obligations.
 
“Supporting Obligations” means all supporting obligations as such term is 
defined in the Code, including letters of credit and guaranties issued in 
support of Accounts, Chattel Paper, Documents, General Intangibles, 
Instruments or Investment Property.

 
Annex A - 33
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

“Swap Related L/C” means a letter of credit or other credit enhancement 
provided by GE Capital to the extent supporting the payment obligations by 
any Borrower under an interest rate protection or hedging agreement or 
transaction (including, but not limited to, interest rate swaps, caps, 
collars, floors and similar transactions) designed to protect or manage 
exposure to the fluctuations in the interest rates applicable to any of the 
Loans, and which agreement or transaction any Borrower entered into as a 
result of a specific referral pursuant to which GE Capital, GE Corporate 
Financial Services, Inc.  or any other Affiliate of GE Capital had arranged 
for such Borrower to enter into such agreement or transaction.  The term 
includes a Swap Related L/C as it may be increased from time to time fully 
to support such Borrower’s payment obligations under any and all such 
interest rate protection or hedging agreements or transactions.
 
“Swap Related Reimbursement Obligation” has the meaning ascribed to it in 
Section 1.2A.
 
“Tangible Net Worth” means, with respect to any Person at any date, the Net 
Worth of such Person at such date, excluding, however, from the 
determination of the total assets at such date, (a) all goodwill, 
capitalized organizational expenses, capitalized research and development 
expenses, trademarks, trade names, copyrights, patents, patent 
applications, licenses and rights in any thereof, and other intangible 
items, (b) all unamortized debt discount and expense, (c) treasury Stock, 
and (d) any write-up in the book value of any asset resulting from a 
revaluation thereof.
 
“Target” has the meaning ascribed to it in Section 6.1.
 
“Taxes” means taxes, levies, imposts, deductions, Charges or withholdings, 
and all liabilities with respect thereto, excluding taxes imposed on or 
measured by the net income of Agent or a Lender by the jurisdictions under 
the laws of which Agent and Lenders are organized or conduct business or 
any political subdivision thereof.
 
“Term Loan” shall have the meaning set forth in Section 1.1(a) of the 
Canadian Loan Agreement.
 
“Termination Date” means the date on which (a) the Loans have been 
indefeasibly repaid in full, (b) all other Obligations under the Agreement 
and the other Loan Documents have been completely discharged (c) all Letter 
of Credit Obligations have been cash collateralized, canceled or backed by 
standby letters of credit in accordance with Annex B, and (d) none of 
Borrowers shall have any further right to borrow any monies under the 
Agreement.
 
“Title IV Plan” means a Pension Plan (other than a Multiemployer Plan), 
that is subject to Title IV of ERISA or Section 412 of the IRC, and that 
any Credit Party or ERISA Affiliate maintains, contributes to or has an 
obligation to contribute to on behalf of participants who are or were 
employed by any of them.
 
“Trademark License” means rights under any written agreement now owned or 
hereafter acquired by any Credit Party granting any right to use any 
Trademark.
 
“Trademark Security Agreements” means the Trademark Security Agreements 
made in favor of Agent, on behalf of Lenders, by each applicable Credit 
Party, as amended, modified or supplemented from time to time.

 
Annex A - 34
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
“Trademarks” means all of the following now owned or hereafter existing or 
adopted or acquired by any Credit Party: (a) all trademarks, trade names, 
corporate names, business names, trade styles, service marks, logos, other 
source or business identifiers, prints and labels on which any of the 
foregoing have appeared or appear, designs and general intangibles of like 
nature (whether registered or unregistered), all registrations and 
recordings thereof, and all applications in connection therewith, including 
registrations, recordings and applications in the United States Patent and 
Trademark Office or in any similar office or agency of the United States, 
any state or territory thereof, or any other country or any political 
subdivision thereof; (b) all reissues, extensions or renewals thereof; and 
(c) all goodwill associated with or symbolized by any of the foregoing.
 
“Trading with the Enemy Act” shall mean the foreign assets control 
regulations of the United States Treasury Department (31 CFR, Subtitle B, 
Chapter V, as amended) and any enabling legislation or executive order 
relating thereto.
 
“Unfunded Pension Liability” means, at any time, the aggregate amount, if 
any, of the sum of (a) the amount by which the present value of all accrued 
benefits under each Title IV Plan exceeds the fair market value of all 
assets of such Title IV Plan allocable to such benefits in accordance with 
Title IV of ERISA, all determined as of the most recent valuation date for 
each such Title IV Plan using the actuarial assumptions for funding 
purposes in effect under such Title IV Plan, and (b) for a period of 5 
years following a transaction which might reasonably be expected to be 
covered by Section 4069 of ERISA, the liabilities (whether or not accrued) 
that could be avoided by any Credit Party or any ERISA Affiliate as a 
result of such transaction.
 
“Uniform Commercial Code jurisdiction” means any jurisdiction that had 
adopted all or substantially all of article 9 as contained in the 2000 
Official Text of the Uniform Commercial Code, as recommended by the 
National Conference of Commissioners on Uniform State Laws and the American 
Law Institute, together with any subsequent amendments or modification to 
the Official Text.
 
“Welfare Plan” means a Plan described in Section 3(i) of ERISA.
 
Rules of construction with respect to accounting terms used in the 
Agreement or the other Loan Documents shall be as set forth in Annex G.  
All other undefined terms contained in any of the Loan Documents shall, 
unless the context indicates otherwise, have the meanings provided for by 
the Code as in effect in the State of New York to the extent the same are 
used or defined therein.  Unless otherwise specified, references in the 
Agreement or any of the Appendices to a Section, subsection or clause refer 
to such Section, subsection or clause as contained in the Agreement.  The 
words “herein,” “hereof” and “hereunder” and other words of similar import 
refer to the Agreement as a whole, including all Annexes, Exhibits and 
Schedules, as the same may from time to time be amended, restated, modified 
or supplemented, and not to any particular section, subsection or clause 
contained in the Agreement or any such Annex, Exhibit or Schedule.

 
Annex A - 35
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

Wherever from the context it appears appropriate, each term stated in 
either the singular or plural shall include the singular and the plural, 
and pronouns stated in the masculine, feminine or neuter gender shall 
include the masculine, feminine and neuter genders.  The words “including”, 
“includes” and “include” shall be deemed to be followed by the words 
“without limitation”; the word “or” is not exclusive; references to Persons 
include their respective successors and assigns (to the extent and only to 
the extent permitted by the Loan Documents) or, in the case of governmental 
Persons, Persons succeeding to the relevant functions of such Persons; and 
all references to statutes and related regulations shall include any 
amendments of the same and any successor statutes and regulations.  
Whenever any provision in any Loan Document refers to the knowledge (or an 
analogous phrase) of any Credit Party, such words are intended to signify 
that such Credit Party has actual knowledge or awareness of a particular 
fact or circumstance or that such Credit Party, if it had exercised 
reasonable diligence, would have known or been aware of such fact or 
circumstance.

 
Annex A - 36
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

ANNEX B (Section 1.2)
 
to
 
CREDIT AGREEMENT
 
LETTERS OF CREDIT
 
(a)           Issuance.  Subject to the terms and conditions of the 
Agreement, Agent and Lenders agree to incur, from time to time prior to the 
Commitment Termination Date, upon the request of Borrower Representative on 
behalf of the applicable Borrower and for such Borrower’s account, Letter 
of Credit Obligations by causing Letters of Credit to be issued by GE 
Capital or a Subsidiary thereof or a bank or other legally authorized 
Person selected by Agent or by Borrower Representative and acceptable to 
Agent in its sole discretion (each, an “L/C Issuer”) for such Borrower’s 
account and guaranteed by Agent; provided, that if the L/C Issuer is a 
Lender, then such Letters of Credit shall not be guaranteed by Agent but 
rather each Lender shall, subject to the terms and conditions hereinafter 
set forth, purchase (or be deemed to have purchased) risk participations in 
all such Letters of Credit issued with the written consent of Agent, as 
more fully described in paragraph (b)(ii) below.  The aggregate amount of 
all such Letter of Credit Obligations shall not at any time exceed the 
lesser of (i) Fifteen Million Dollars ($15,000,000) (the “L/C Sublimit”), 
(ii) the Maximum Amount less the aggregate outstanding principal balance of 
the Revolving Credit Advances, and (iii) the Aggregate Borrowing Base 
(adjusted as if no Letters of Credit are outstanding) less the aggregate 
outstanding principal balance of the Revolving Credit Advances. 
Furthermore, the aggregate amount of any Letter of Credit Obligations 
incurred on behalf of any Borrower shall not at any time exceed such 
Borrower’s separate Borrowing Base less the aggregate principal balance of 
the Revolving Credit Advances to such Borrower. No such Letter of Credit 
shall have an expiry date that is more than one year following the date of 
issuance thereof, unless otherwise determined by the Agent, in its sole 
discretion (including with respect to customary evergreen provisions), and 
neither Agent nor Lenders shall be under any obligation to incur Letter of 
Credit Obligations in respect of, or purchase risk participations in, any 
Letter of Credit having an expiry date that is later than the Commitment 
Termination Date.
 
(b)           (i)           Advances Automatic; Participations.  In the 
event that Agent or any Lender shall make any payment on or pursuant to any 
Letter of Credit Obligation, such payment shall then be deemed 
automatically to constitute a Revolving Credit Advance to the applicable 
Borrower under Section 1.1(a) of the Agreement regardless of whether a 
Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing and 
notwithstanding any Borrower’s failure to satisfy the conditions precedent 
set forth in Section 2, and each Lender shall be obligated to pay its Pro 
Rata Share thereof in accordance with the Agreement.  The failure of any 
Lender to make available to Agent for Agent’s own account its Pro Rata 
Share of any such Revolving Credit Advance or payment by Agent under or in 
respect of a Letter of Credit shall not relieve any other Lender of its 
obligation hereunder to make available to Agent its Pro Rata Share thereof, 
but no Lender shall be responsible for the failure of any other Lender to 
make available such other Lender’s Pro Rata Share of any such payment.

 
Annex B - 1
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
(ii)           If it shall be illegal or unlawful for any Borrower to incur 
Revolving Credit Advances as contemplated by paragraph (b)(i) above because 
of an Event of Default described in Sections 8.1(h) or (i) or otherwise or 
if it shall be illegal or unlawful for any Lender to be deemed to have 
assumed a ratable share of the reimbursement obligations owed to an L/C 
Issuer, or if the L/C Issuer is a Lender, then (A) immediately and without 
further action whatsoever, each Lender shall be deemed to have irrevocably 
and unconditionally purchased from Agent (or such L/C Issuer, as the case 
may be) an undivided interest and participation equal to such Lender’s Pro 
Rata Share (based on the Commitments) of the Letter of Credit Obligations 
in respect of all Letters of Credit then outstanding and (B) thereafter, 
immediately upon issuance of any Letter of Credit, each Lender shall be 
deemed to have irrevocably and unconditionally purchased from Agent (or 
such L/C Issuer, as the case may be) an undivided interest and 
participation in such Lender’s Pro Rata Share (based on the Commitments) of 
the Letter of Credit Obligations with respect to such Letter of Credit on 
the date of such issuance.  Each Lender shall fund its participation in all 
payments or disbursements made under the Letters of Credit in the same 
manner as provided in the Agreement with respect to Revolving Credit 
Advances.
 
(c)          Cash Collateral.
 
(i)            If Borrowers are required to provide cash collateral for any 
Letter of Credit Obligations pursuant to the Agreement, including Section 
8.2 of the Agreement, prior to the Commitment Termination Date, each 
Borrower will pay to Agent for the ratable benefit of itself and Lenders 
cash or cash equivalents acceptable to Agent (“Cash Equivalents”) in an 
amount equal to 105% of the maximum amount then available to be drawn under 
each applicable Letter of Credit outstanding for the benefit of such 
Borrower.  Such funds or Cash Equivalents shall be held by Agent in a cash 
collateral account (the “Cash Collateral Account”) maintained at a bank or 
financial institution acceptable to Agent.  The Cash Collateral Account 
shall be in the name of the applicable Borrower and shall be pledged to, 
and subject to the control of, Agent, for the benefit of Agent and Lenders, 
in a manner satisfactory to Agent.  Each Borrower hereby pledges and grants 
to Agent, on behalf of itself and Lenders, a security interest in all such 
funds and Cash Equivalents held in the Cash Collateral Account from time to 
time and all proceeds thereof, as security for the payment of all amounts 
due in respect of the Letter of Credit Obligations and other Obligations, 
whether or not then due.  The Agreement, including this Annex B, shall 
constitute a security agreement under applicable law.
 
(ii)           If any Letter of Credit Obligations, whether or not then due 
and payable, shall for any reason be outstanding on the Commitment 
Termination Date, Borrowers shall either (A) provide cash collateral 
therefor in the manner described above, or (B) cause all such Letters of 
Credit and guaranties thereof, if any, to be canceled and returned, or (C) 
deliver a stand-by letter (or letters) of credit in guaranty of such Letter 
of Credit Obligations, which stand-by letter (or letters) of credit shall 
be of like tenor and duration (plus thirty (30) additional days) as, and in 
an amount equal to 105% of, the aggregate maximum amount then available to 
be drawn under, the Letters of Credit to which such outstanding Letter of 
Credit Obligations relate and shall be issued by a Person, and shall be 
subject to such terms and conditions, as are be satisfactory to Agent in 
its sole discretion.

 
Annex B - 2
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
(iii)          From time to time after funds are deposited in the Cash 
Collateral Account by any Borrower, whether before or after the Commitment 
Termination Date, Agent may apply such funds or Cash Equivalents then held 
in the Cash Collateral Account to the payment of any amounts, and in such 
order as Agent may elect, as shall be or shall become due and payable by 
such Borrower to Agent and Lenders with respect to such Letter of Credit 
Obligations of such Borrower and, upon the satisfaction in full of all 
Letter of Credit Obligations of such Borrower, to any other Obligations of 
any Borrower then due and payable.
 
(iv)          No Borrower nor any Person claiming on behalf of or through 
any Borrower shall have any right to withdraw any of the funds or Cash 
Equivalents held in the Cash Collateral Account, except that upon the 
termination of all Letter of Credit Obligations and the payment of all 
amounts payable by Borrowers to Agent and Lenders in respect thereof, any 
funds remaining in the Cash Collateral Account shall be applied to other 
Obligations then due and owing and upon payment in full of such 
Obligations, any remaining amount shall be paid to Borrowers or as 
otherwise required by law.  Interest earned on deposits in the Cash 
Collateral Account shall be for the account of Agent.
 
(d)          Fees and Expenses.  Borrowers agree to pay to Agent for the 
benefit of Lenders, as compensation to such Lenders for Letter of Credit 
Obligations incurred hereunder, (i) all costs and expenses incurred by 
Agent or any Lender on account of such Letter of Credit Obligations, and 
(ii) for each month during which any Letter of Credit Obligation shall 
remain outstanding, a fee (the “Letter of Credit Fee”) in an amount equal 
to the Applicable L/C Fee Margin multiplied by the maximum amount available 
from time to time to be drawn under the applicable Letter of Credit.  Such 
fee shall be paid to Agent for the benefit of the Lenders in arrears, on 
the first day of each month and on the Commitment Termination Date.  In 
addition, Borrowers shall pay to any L/C Issuer, on demand, such fees 
(including all per annum fees), charges and expenses of such L/C Issuer in 
respect of the issuance, negotiation, acceptance, amendment, transfer and 
payment of such Letter of Credit or otherwise payable pursuant to the 
application and related documentation under which such Letter of Credit is 
issued.
 
(e)          Request for Incurrence of Letter of Credit Obligations.  
Borrower Representative shall give Agent at least two (2) Business Days’ 
prior written notice requesting the incurrence of any Letter of Credit 
Obligation.  The notice shall be accompanied by the form of the Letter of 
Credit (which shall be acceptable to the L/C Issuer) and a completed 
Application for Standby Letter of Credit or Application and Agreement for 
Documentary Letter of Credit or Application for Documentary Letter of 
Credit, as applicable, in the form of Exhibit B-1, or B-2 or B-3 attached 
hereto.  Notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary, Letter 
of Credit applications by Borrower Representative and approvals by Agent 
and the L/C Issuer may be made and transmitted pursuant to electronic codes 
and security measures mutually agreed upon and established by and among 
Borrower Representative, Agent and the L/C Issuer.
 
(f)           Obligation Absolute.  The obligation of Borrowers to 
reimburse Agent and Lenders for payments made with respect to any Letter of 
Credit Obligation shall be absolute, unconditional and irrevocable, without 
necessity of presentment, demand, protest or other formalities, and the 
obligations of each Lender to make payments to Agent with respect to 
Letters of Credit shall be unconditional and irrevocable.  Such obligations 
of Borrowers and Lenders shall be paid strictly in accordance with the 
terms hereof under all circumstances including the following:

 
Annex B - 3
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
(i)            any lack of validity or enforceability of any Letter of 
Credit or the Agreement or the other Loan Documents or any other agreement;
 
(ii)           the existence of any claim, setoff, defense or other right 
that any Borrower or any of their respective Affiliates or any Lender may 
at any time have against a beneficiary or any transferee of any Letter of 
Credit (or any Persons or entities for whom any such transferee may be 
acting), Agent, any Lender, or any other Person, whether in connection with 
the Agreement, the Letter of Credit, the transactions contemplated herein 
or therein or any unrelated transaction (including any underlying 
transaction between any Borrower or any of their respective Affiliates and 
the beneficiary for which the Letter of Credit was procured);
 
(iii)          any draft, demand, certificate or any other document 
presented under any Letter of Credit proving to be forged, fraudulent, 
invalid or insufficient in any respect or any statement therein being 
untrue or inaccurate in any respect;
 
(iv)          payment by Agent (except as otherwise expressly provided in 
paragraph (g)(ii)(C) below) or any L/C Issuer under any Letter of Credit or 
guaranty thereof against presentation of a demand, draft or certificate or 
other document that does not comply with the terms of such Letter of Credit 
or such guaranty;
 
(v)           any other circumstance or event whatsoever, that is similar 
to any of the foregoing; or
 
(vi)          the fact that a Default or an Event of Default has occurred 
and is continuing.
 
(g)          Indemnification; Nature of Lenders’ Duties.
 
(i)            In addition to amounts payable as elsewhere provided in the 
Agreement, Borrowers hereby agree to pay and to protect, indemnify, and 
save harmless Agent and each Lender from and against any and all claims, 
demands, liabilities, damages, losses, costs, charges and expenses 
(including reasonable attorneys’ fees and allocated costs of internal 
counsel) that Agent or any Lender may incur or be subject to as a 
consequence, direct or indirect, of (A) the issuance of any Letter of 
Credit or guaranty thereof, or (B) the failure of Agent or any Lender 
seeking indemnification or of any L/C Issuer to honor a demand for payment 
under any Letter of Credit or guaranty thereof as a result of any act or 
omission, whether rightful or wrongful, of any present or future de jure or 
de facto government or Governmental Authority, in each case other than to 
the extent solely as a result of the gross negligence or willful misconduct 
of Agent or such Lender (as finally determined by a court of competent 
jurisdiction).

 
Annex B - 4
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

(ii)           As between Agent and any Lender and Borrowers, Borrowers 
assume all risks of the acts and omissions of, or misuse of any Letter of 
Credit by beneficiaries, of any Letter of Credit.  In furtherance and not 
in limitation of the foregoing, to the fullest extent permitted by law, 
neither Agent nor any Lender shall be responsible for: (A) the form, 
validity, sufficiency, accuracy, genuineness or legal effect of any 
document issued by any party in connection with the application for and 
issuance of any Letter of Credit, even if it should in fact prove to be in 
any or all respects invalid, insufficient, inaccurate, fraudulent or 
forged; (B) the validity or sufficiency of any instrument transferring or 
assigning or purporting to transfer or assign any Letter of Credit or the 
rights or benefits thereunder or proceeds thereof, in whole or in part, 
that may prove to be invalid or ineffective for any reason; (C) failure of 
the beneficiary of any Letter of Credit to comply fully with conditions 
required in order to demand payment under such Letter of Credit; provided, 
that in the case of any payment by Agent under any Letter of Credit or 
guaranty thereof, Agent shall be liable to the extent such payment was made 
solely as a result of its gross negligence or willful misconduct (as 
finally determined by a court of competent jurisdiction) in determining 
that the demand for payment under such Letter of Credit or guaranty thereof 
complies on its face with any applicable requirements for a demand for 
payment under such Letter of Credit or guaranty thereof; (D) errors, 
omissions, interruptions or delays in transmission or delivery of any 
messages, by mail, cable, telegraph, telex or otherwise, whether or not 
they may be in cipher; (E) errors in interpretation of technical terms; (F) 
any loss or delay in the transmission or otherwise of any document required 
in order to make a payment under any Letter of Credit or guaranty thereof 
or of the proceeds thereof; (G) the credit of the proceeds of any drawing 
under any Letter of Credit or guaranty thereof; and (H) any consequences 
arising from causes beyond the control of Agent or any Lender.  None of the 
above shall affect, impair, or prevent the vesting of any of Agent’s or any 
Lender’s rights or powers hereunder or under the Agreement.
 
(iii)          Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit or to 
expand any waivers, covenants or indemnities made by Borrowers in favor of 
any L/C Issuer in any letter of credit application, reimbursement agreement 
or similar document, instrument or agreement between or among Borrowers and 
such L/C Issuer, including an Application and Agreement For Documentary 
Letter of Credit, a Master Documentary Agreement and a Master Standby 
Agreement entered into with Agent.

 
Annex B - 5
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

ANNEX C (Section 1.8)
 
to
 
CREDIT AGREEMENT
 
CASH MANAGEMENT SYSTEM
 
Each Borrower shall, and shall cause its Subsidiaries (other than SMP 
Canada) to, establish and maintain the Cash Management Systems described 
below:
 
(a)           On or before the Closing Date and until the Termination Date, 
each Borrower shall (i) establish lock boxes (“Lock Boxes”) or at Agent’s 
discretion, blocked accounts (“Blocked Accounts”) at one or more of the 
banks set forth in Disclosure Schedule (3.19), and shall request in writing 
and otherwise take such reasonable steps to ensure that all Account Debtors 
forward payment directly to such Lock Boxes, and (ii) deposit and cause its 
Subsidiaries to deposit or cause to be deposited promptly, and in any event 
no later than the first Business Day after the date of receipt thereof, all 
cash, checks, drafts or other similar items of payment relating to or 
constituting payments made in respect of any and all Collateral (whether or 
not otherwise delivered to a Lock Box) into one or more Blocked Accounts in 
such Borrower’s name or any such Subsidiary’s name and at a bank identified 
in Disclosure Schedule (3.19) (each, a “Relationship Bank”).  On or before 
the Closing Date, Borrower Representative shall have established a 
concentration account in its name (a “Concentration Account”) at the bank 
that shall be designated as the Concentration Account bank in Disclosure 
Schedule (3.19) (a “Concentration Account Bank”), which bank shall be 
reasonably satisfactory to Agent.
 
(b)           Each Borrower may maintain, in its name, one or more accounts 
(each a “Disbursement Account” and collectively, the “Disbursement 
Accounts”) at a bank reasonably acceptable to Agent into which Agent shall, 
from time to time, deposit proceeds of Revolving Credit Advances made to 
such Borrower pursuant to Section 1.1 for use by such Borrower solely in 
accordance with the provisions of Section 1.4.
 
(c)           On or before the Closing Date (or such later date as Agent 
shall consent to in writing), Concentration Account Bank, each bank where a 
Disbursement Account is maintained and all other Relationship Banks, shall 
have entered into tri-party blocked account agreements with Agent, for the 
benefit of itself and Lenders, and the applicable Borrower and Subsidiaries 
thereof, as applicable, in form and substance reasonably acceptable to 
Agent, which shall become operative on or prior to the Closing Date.  Each 
such blocked account agreement shall provide, among other things, that (i) 
all items of payment deposited in such account and proceeds thereof 
deposited in the Concentration Account are held by such bank as agent or 
bailee-in-possession for Agent, on behalf of itself and Lenders, (ii) the 
bank executing such agreement has no rights of setoff or recoupment or any 
other claim against such account, as the case may be, other than for 
payment of its service fees and other charges directly related to the 
administration of such account and for returned checks or other items of 
payment, and (iii) (A) with respect to banks at which a Blocked Account is 
maintained, such bank agrees to forward immediately all amounts in each 
Blocked Account to the Concentration Account Bank and to commence the 
process of daily sweeps from such Blocked Account into the Concentration 
Account and (B) with respect to Concentration Account Bank, such bank 
agrees to immediately forward all amounts received in the Concentration 
Account to the Collection Account through daily sweeps from such 
Concentration Account into the Collection Account.  No Borrower shall or 
shall cause or permit any Subsidiary thereof to, accumulate or maintain 
cash in Disbursement Accounts or payroll accounts as of any date of 
determination in excess of checks outstanding against such accounts as of 
that date and amounts necessary to meet minimum balance requirements.

 
Annex C - 1
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
(d)           So long as no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is 
continuing, Borrowers may amend Disclosure Schedule (3.19) to add or 
replace a Relationship Bank, Lock Box or Blocked Account or to replace the 
Concentration Account or any Disbursement Account; provided, that (i) Agent 
shall have consented in writing in advance to the opening of such account 
or Lock Box with the relevant bank and (ii) prior to the time of the 
opening of such account or Lock Box, the applicable Borrower or its 
Subsidiaries, as applicable, and such bank shall have executed and 
delivered to Agent a tri-party blocked account agreement, in form and 
substance reasonably satisfactory to Agent; provided, further, that 
Borrowers shall obtain the necessary tri-party blocked account agreement(s) 
required pursuant to clause (ii) above with respect to each such account.  
Borrowers shall close any of their accounts (and establish replacement 
accounts in accordance with the foregoing sentence) promptly and in any 
event within thirty (30) days following notice from Agent that the 
creditworthiness of any bank holding an account is no longer acceptable in 
Agent’s reasonable judgment, or as promptly as practicable and in any event 
within sixty (60) days following notice from Agent that the operating 
performance, funds transfer or availability procedures or performance with 
respect to accounts or Lock Boxes of the bank holding such accounts or 
Agent’s liability under any tri-party blocked account agreement with such 
bank is no longer acceptable in Agent’s reasonable judgment.
 
(e)           The Lock Boxes, Blocked Accounts, Disbursement Accounts and 
the Concentration Account shall be cash collateral accounts, with all cash, 
checks and other similar items of payment in such accounts securing payment 
of the Loans and all other Obligations, and in which each Borrower and each 
Subsidiary thereof shall have granted a Lien to Agent, on behalf of itself 
and Lenders, pursuant to the Security Agreement.
 
(f)            All amounts deposited in the Collection Account shall be 
deemed received by Agent in accordance with Section 1.10 and shall be 
applied (and allocated) by Agent in accordance with Section 1.11.  In no 
event shall any amount be so applied unless and until such amount shall 
have been credited in immediately available funds to the Collection 
Account.
 
(g)           Each Borrower shall and shall cause its Affiliates, officers, 
employees, agents, directors or other Persons acting for or in concert with 
such Borrower (each a “Related Person”) to (i) hold in trust for Agent, for 
the benefit of itself and Lenders, all checks, cash and other items of 
payment received by such Borrower or any such Related Person, and (ii) 
within one (1) Business Day after receipt by such Borrower or any such 
Related Person of any checks, cash or other items of payment, deposit the 
same into a Blocked Account of such Borrower.  Each Borrower on behalf of 
itself and each Related Person thereof acknowledges and agrees that all 
cash, checks or other items of payment constituting proceeds of Collateral 
are part of the Collateral.  All proceeds of the sale or other disposition 
of any Collateral, shall be deposited directly into the applicable Blocked 
Accounts.

 
Annex C - 2
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

ANNEX D (Section 2.1(a))
 
to
 
CREDIT AGREEMENT
 
CLOSING CHECKLIST
 
In addition to, and not in limitation of, the conditions described in 
Section 2.1 of the Agreement, pursuant to Section 2.1(a), the following 
items must be received by Agent in form and substance satisfactory to Agent 
on or prior to the Closing Date (each capitalized term used but not 
otherwise defined herein shall have the meaning ascribed thereto in Annex A 
to the Agreement):
 
A.          Appendices.  All Appendices to the Agreement, in form and 
substance satisfactory to Agent.
 
B.           Notes.  Duly executed originals of the Notes for each 
applicable Lender, dated the Closing Date.
 
C.           Blocked Account Agreements.  Fully executed triparty 
agreements among Agent, Borrowers and each Relationship Bank and 
Concentration Account Bank, in form and substance satisfactory to Agent.
 
D.           Insurance.  Satisfactory evidence that the insurance policies 
required by Section 5.4 are in full force and effect, together with 
appropriate evidence showing loss payable and/or additional insured clauses 
or endorsements, as requested by Agent, in favor of Agent, on behalf of 
Lenders.
 
E.           Security Interests and Code Filings.
 
(a)           Evidence satisfactory to Agent that Agent (for the benefit of 
itself and Lenders) has a valid and perfected first priority security 
interest in the Collateral other than Equipment subject to Capital Leases 
and set forth on Disclosure Schedule E, including (i) such documents duly 
executed by each Credit Party (including financing statements under the 
Code and other applicable documents under the laws of any jurisdiction with 
respect to the perfection of Liens) as Agent may request in order to 
perfect its security interests in the Collateral and (ii) copies of Code 
search reports listing all effective financing statements that name any 
Credit Party as debtor, together with copies of such financing statements, 
none of which shall cover the Collateral.
 
(b)           Evidence satisfactory to Agent, including copies, of all 
UCC-1 and other financing statements filed in favor of any Credit Party 
with respect to each location, if any, at which Inventory may be consigned.
 
(c)           Control Letters from (i) all issuers of uncertificated 
securities and financial assets held by each Borrower, (ii) all securities 
intermediaries with respect to all securities accounts and securities 
entitlements of each Borrower, and (iii) all futures commission agents and 
clearing houses with respect to all commodities contracts and commodities 
accounts held by any Borrower.

 
Annex D - 1
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
F.           Borrowing Base Certificate.  Duly executed originals of 
Borrowing Base Certificate from each Borrower, dated the Closing Date, 
reflecting information concerning Eligible Accounts, Eligible Inventory, 
Eligible Equipment and Eligible Real Estate of such Borrower as of a date 
not more than 7 days prior to the Closing Date.
 
G.           Notice of Revolving Credit Advance.  Duly executed originals 
of a Notice of Revolving Credit Advance, dated the Closing Date, with 
respect to the Revolving Credit Advance to be requested by Borrower 
Representative on the Closing Date.
 
H.           Letter of Direction.  Duly executed originals of a letter of 
direction from Borrower Representative addressed to Agent, on behalf of 
itself and Lenders, with respect to the disbursement on the Closing Date of 
the proceeds of the Revolving Credit Advance to be made on the Closing 
Date.
 
I.            Charter and Good Standing.  For each Credit Party, such 
Person’s (a) charter and all amendments thereto, (b) good standing 
certificates (including verification of tax status) in its state of 
incorporation and (c) good standing certificates (including verification of 
tax status) and certificates of qualification to conduct business in each 
jurisdiction where its ownership or lease of property or the conduct of its 
business requires such qualification, each dated a recent date prior to the 
Closing Date and certified by the applicable Secretary of State or other 
authorized Governmental Authority.
 
J.            Bylaws and Resolutions.  For each Credit Party, (a) such 
Person’s bylaws, together with all amendments thereto and (b) resolutions 
of such Person’s Board of Directors and stockholders, approving and 
authorizing the execution, delivery and performance of the Loan Documents 
to which such Person is a party and the transactions to be consummated in 
connection therewith, each certified as of the Closing Date by such 
Person’s corporate secretary or an assistant secretary as being in full 
force and effect without any modification or amendment.
 
K.           Incumbency Certificates.  For each Credit Party, signature and 
incumbency certificates of the officers of each such Person executing any 
of the Loan Documents, certified as of the Closing Date by such Person’s 
corporate secretary or an assistant secretary as being true, accurate, 
correct and complete.
 
L.           Opinion of Counsel.  Duly executed original opinion of 
[Carmine Broccole], counsel for the Credit Parties dated the Closing Date, 
in form and substance satisfactory to Agent and its counsel.
 
M.          Waivers.  Agent, on behalf of Lenders, shall have received 
landlord waivers and consents and mortgagee agreements in form and 
substance reasonably satisfactory to Agent, in each case as required 
pursuant to Section 5.9.
 
N.           Subordination and Intercreditor Agreements.  Agent and Lenders 
shall have received any and all subordination and/or intercreditor 
agreements, all in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Agent, in 
its sole discretion, as Agent shall have deemed necessary or appropriate 
with respect to any Indebtedness of any Credit Party.

 
Annex D - 2
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
O.           Audited Financials; Financial Condition.  Agent shall have 
received the Financial Statements, Projections and other materials set 
forth in Section 3.4, certified by Borrower Representative’s chief 
financial officer or treasurer, in each case in form and substance 
reasonably satisfactory to Agent, and Agent shall be satisfied, in its sole 
discretion, with all of the foregoing.  Agent shall have further received a 
certificate of the chief executive officer and the chief financial officer 
or treasurer of each Borrower, based on such Projections, to the effect 
that (a) such Borrower will be Solvent upon the consummation of the 
transactions contemplated herein; (b) the Projections are based upon 
estimates and assumptions stated therein, all of which such Borrower 
believes to be reasonable and fair in light of current conditions and 
current facts known to such Borrower and, as of the Closing Date, reflect 
such Borrower’s good faith and reasonable estimates of its future financial 
performance and of the other information projected therein for the period 
set forth therein; and (c) containing such other statements with respect to 
the solvency of such Borrower and matters related thereto as Agent shall 
request.
 
P.           Other Documents.  Such other certificates, documents and 
agreements respecting any Credit Party as Agent may reasonably request.

 
Annex D - 3
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

ANNEX E (Section 4.1(a))
 
to
 
CREDIT AGREEMENT
 
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND PROJECTIONS—REPORTING
 
Borrowers shall deliver or cause to be delivered to Agent or to Agent and 
Lenders, as indicated, the following:
 
(a)           Monthly Financials.  To Agent and Lenders, within thirty (30) 
days after the end of each Fiscal Month (other than January), financial 
information regarding Borrowers and their Subsidiaries, certified by the 
chief financial officer or treasurer of Borrower Representative, consisting 
of consolidated and consolidating (i) unaudited balance sheets as of the 
close of such Fiscal Month and the related statements of income and cash 
flows for that portion of the Fiscal Year ending as of the close of such 
Fiscal Month; (ii) unaudited statements of income and cash flows for such 
Fiscal Month, setting forth in comparative form the figures for the 
corresponding period in the prior year and the figures contained in the 
Projections for such Fiscal Year, all prepared (other than the Projections) 
in accordance with GAAP (subject to normal year-end adjustments); (iii) a 
summary of the outstanding balance of all Intercompany Notes as of the last 
day of that Fiscal Month; and (iv) a summary of the total Net Sales as of 
the last day of that Fiscal Month for such Fiscal Month and for the Fiscal 
Year to date.  Such financial information shall be accompanied by the 
certification of the chief financial officer or treasurer of Borrower 
Representative that (i) such financial information presents fairly in 
accordance with GAAP (subject to normal year-end adjustments) the financial 
position and results of operations of Borrowers and their Subsidiaries, on 
a consolidated and consolidating basis, in each case as at the end of such 
Fiscal Month and for that portion of the Fiscal Year then ended and (ii) 
any other information presented is true, correct and complete in all 
material respects and that there was no Default or Event of Default in 
existence as of such time or, if a Default or Event of Default has occurred 
and is continuing, describing the nature thereof and all efforts undertaken 
to cure such Default or Event of Default.
 
(b)           Quarterly Financials.  To Agent and Lenders, within 
forty-five (45) days after the end of each Fiscal Quarter, consolidated and 
consolidating financial information regarding Borrowers and their 
Subsidiaries, certified by the chief financial officer or treasurer of 
Borrower Representative, including (i) unaudited balance sheets as of the 
close of such Fiscal Quarter and the related statements of income and cash 
flow for that portion of the Fiscal Year ending as of the close of such 
Fiscal Quarter and (ii) unaudited statements of income and cash flows for 
such Fiscal Quarter, in each case setting forth in comparative form the 
figures for the corresponding period in the prior year and the figures 
contained in the Projections for such Fiscal Year, all prepared (other than 
the Projections) in accordance with GAAP (subject to normal year-end 
adjustments).  Such financial information shall be accompanied by (A) a 
statement in reasonable detail (each, a “Compliance Certificate” showing 
the calculations used in determining compliance with each of the Financial 
Covenants that is tested on a quarterly basis and (B) the certification of 
the chief financial officer or treasurer of Borrower Representative that 
(i) such financial information presents fairly in accordance with GAAP 
(subject to normal year-end adjustments) the financial position, results of 
operations and statements of cash flows of Borrowers and their 
Subsidiaries, on both a consolidated and consolidating basis, as at the end 
of such Fiscal Quarter and for that portion of the Fiscal Year then ended 
and (ii) any other information presented is true, correct and complete in 
all material respects and that there was no Default or Event of Default in 
existence as of such time or, if a Default or Event of Default has occurred 
and is continuing, describing the nature thereof and all efforts undertaken 
to cure such Default or Event of Default.  In addition, Borrowers shall 
deliver to Agent and Lenders, within forty-five (45) days after the end of 
each Fiscal Quarter, a management discussion and to the extent not 
otherwise set forth on SMP’s Form 10Q, analysis that includes a comparison 
to budget for that Fiscal Quarter and a comparison of performance for that 
Fiscal Quarter to the corresponding period in the prior year.

 
Annex E - 1
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
(c)           Operating Plan.  To Agent and Lenders, as soon as available, 
but not later than thirty (30) days after the end of each Fiscal Year, an 
annual operating plan for Borrowers, on a consolidated and consolidating 
basis, approved by the Board of Directors of Borrowers, for the following 
Fiscal Year, which (i) includes a statement of all of the material 
assumptions on which such plan is based, (ii) includes monthly balance 
sheets, income statements and statements of cash flows for the following 
year and (iii) integrates sales, gross profits, operating expenses, 
operating profit, cash flow projections and Borrowing Availability 
projections, all prepared on the same basis and in similar detail as that 
on which operating results are reported (and in the case of cash flow 
projections, representing management’s good faith estimates of future 
financial performance based on historical performance), and including plans 
for personnel, Capital Expenditures and facilities.
 
(d)           Annual Audited Financials.  To Agent and Lenders, within 
ninety (90) days after the end of each Fiscal Year, audited Financial 
Statements for Borrowers and their Subsidiaries on a consolidated and 
(unaudited) consolidating basis, consisting of balance sheets and 
statements of income and retained earnings and cash flows, setting forth in 
comparative form in each case the figures for the previous Fiscal Year, 
which Financial Statements shall be prepared in accordance with GAAP and 
certified without qualification, by an independent certified public 
accounting firm of national standing or otherwise acceptable to Agent.  
Such Financial Statements shall be accompanied by (i) a statement prepared 
in reasonable detail showing the calculations used in determining 
compliance with each of the Financial Covenants, (ii) a report from such 
accounting firm to the effect that, in connection with their audit 
examination, nothing has come to their attention to cause them to believe 
that a Default or Event of Default has occurred (or specifying those 
Defaults and Events of Default that they became aware of), it being 
understood that such audit examination extended only to accounting matters 
and that no special investigation was made with respect to the existence of 
Defaults or Events of Default, (iii) the annual letters to such accountants 
in connection with their audit examination detailing contingent liabilities 
and material litigation matters, and (iv) the certification of the chief 
executive officer or chief financial officer or treasurer of Borrowers that 
all such Financial Statements present fairly in accordance with GAAP the 
financial position, results of operations and statements of cash flows of 
Borrowers and their Subsidiaries on a consolidated and consolidating basis, 
as at the end of such Fiscal Year and for the period then ended, and that 
there was no Default or Event of Default in existence as of such time or, 
if a Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, describing 
the nature thereof and all efforts undertaken to cure such Default or Event 
of Default.

 
Annex E - 2
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
(e)           Management Letters.  To Agent and Lenders, within five (5) 
Business Days after receipt thereof by any Credit Party, copies of all 
management letters, exception reports or similar letters or reports 
received by such Credit Party from its independent certified public 
accountants.
 
(f)           Default Notices.  To Agent and Lenders, as soon as 
practicable, and in any event within five (5) Business Days after an 
executive officer of any Borrower has actual knowledge of the existence of 
any Default, Event of Default or other event that has had a Material 
Adverse Effect, telephonic or telecopied notice specifying the nature of 
such Default or Event of Default or other event, including the anticipated 
effect thereof, which notice, if given telephonically, shall be promptly 
confirmed in writing on the next Business Day.
 
(g)           SEC Filings and Press Releases.  To Agent and Lenders, 
promptly upon their becoming available, copies of: (i) all Financial 
Statements, reports, notices and proxy statements made publicly available 
by any Credit Party to its security holders; (ii) all regular and periodic 
reports and all registration statements and prospectuses, if any, filed by 
any Credit Party with any securities exchange or with the Securities and 
Exchange Commission or any governmental or private regulatory authority; 
including but not limited to all Form 8-Ks, quarterly 10-Q’s and annual 
10-K statements and (iii) all press releases and other statements made 
available by any Credit Party to the public concerning material changes or 
developments in the business of any such Person.
 
(h)           Subordinated Debt and Equity Notices.  To Agent, as soon as 
practicable, copies of all material written notices given or received by 
any Credit Party with respect to any Subordinated Debt or Stock of such 
Person, and, within two (2) Business Days after any Credit Party obtains 
knowledge of any matured or unmatured event of default with respect to any 
Subordinated Debt, notice of such event of default.
 
(i)            Supplemental Schedules.  To Agent, supplemental disclosures, 
if any, required by Section 5.6.
 
(j)            Litigation.  To Agent in writing, promptly upon learning 
thereof, notice of any Litigation commenced or threatened against any 
Credit Party that (i) seeks damages in excess of $250,000, (ii) seeks 
injunctive relief, (iii) is asserted or instituted against any Plan, its 
fiduciaries or its assets or against any Credit Party or ERISA Affiliate in 
connection with any Plan which would reasonably be expected to result in a 
liability to any Credit Party in excess of $250,000, (iv) alleges criminal 
misconduct by any Credit Party, (v) alleges the violation of any law 
regarding, or seeks remedies in connection with, any Environmental 
Liabilities or (vi) involves any product recall.  To the Agent, at the end 
of each month, a report of all Asbestos Claims commenced or disposed of 
during such month.
 
(k)           Insurance Notices.  To Agent, disclosure of losses or 
casualties required by Section 5.4.
 
(l)            Lease Default Notices.  To Agent, within 2 Business Days 
after receipt thereof, copies of (i) any and all default notices received 
under or with respect to any leased location or public warehouse where 
Collateral is located, and (ii) such other notices or documents as Agent 
may reasonably request with respect to such leased locations or public 
warehouses.

 
Annex E - 3
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
(m)          Lease Amendments.  To Agent, within two (2) Business Days 
after receipt thereof, copies of all material amendments to real estate 
leases specify leases of particular concern.
 
(n)           Rate Protection Agreements.  To Agent, notice of intention to 
enter into any Rate Protection Agreement, together with form of proposed 
Rate Protection Agreement.
 
(o)           Other Documents.  To Agent and Lenders, such other financial 
and other information respecting any Credit Party’s business or financial 
condition as Agent or any Lender shall from time to time reasonably 
request.

 
Annex E - 4
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

ANNEX F (Section 4.1(b))
 
to
 
CREDIT AGREEMENT
 
COLLATERAL REPORTS
 
Borrowers shall deliver or cause to be delivered the following:
 
(a)         To Agent, upon its request, and in any event no less frequently 
than ten (10) Business Days after the end of each Fiscal Month (together 
with a copy of all or any part of the following reports requested by any 
Lender in writing after the Closing Date), each of the following reports, 
each of which shall be prepared by the applicable Borrower as of the last 
day of the immediately preceding Fiscal Month or the date two (2) days 
prior to the date of any such request:
 
(i)            a Borrowing Base Certificate with respect to each Borrower, 
in each case accompanied by such supporting detail and documentation as 
shall be requested by Agent in its reasonable discretion;
 
(ii)           with respect to each Borrower, a summary of Inventory by 
location and type with a supporting perpetual Inventory report, in each 
case accompanied by such supporting detail and documentation as shall be 
requested by Agent in its reasonable discretion; and
 
(iii)          with respect to each Borrower, a monthly trial balance 
showing Accounts outstanding aged from invoice date as follows: 1 to 30 
days, 31 to 60 days, 61 to 90 days, 91 days to 180 days and 181 days or 
more, accompanied by such supporting detail and documentation as shall be 
requested by Agent in its reasonable discretion.
 
(b)         To Agent, on a weekly basis or at such more frequent intervals 
as Agent may request from time to time (including, at Agent’s option, on a 
daily basis), if average daily Borrowing Availability for all Borrowers for 
any 90 day period is less than $30,000,000 (together with a copy of all or 
any part of such delivery requested by any Lender in writing after the 
Closing Date), collateral reports with respect to each Borrower, including 
all additions and reductions (cash and non-cash) with respect to Accounts 
of such Borrower, in each case accompanied by such supporting detail and 
documentation as shall be requested by Agent in its reasonable discretion 
each of which shall be prepared by the applicable Borrower as of the last 
day of the immediately preceding week or the date two (2) days prior to the 
date of any such request;
 
(c)         To Agent, at the time of delivery of each of the monthly 
Financial Statements delivered pursuant to Annex E:
 
(i)            a reconciliation of the Accounts trial balance of each 
Borrower to such Borrower’s most recent Borrowing Base Certificate, general 
ledger and monthly Financial Statements delivered pursuant to Annex E, in 
each case accompanied by such supporting detail and documentation as shall 
be requested by Agent in its reasonable discretion;

 
Annex F - 1
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
(ii)           a reconciliation of the perpetual inventory by location of 
each Borrower to such Borrower’s most recent Borrowing Base Certificate, 
general ledger and monthly Financial Statements delivered pursuant to Annex 
E, in each case accompanied by such supporting detail and documentation as 
shall be requested by Agent in its reasonable discretion;
 
(iii)          an aging of accounts payable and a reconciliation of that 
accounts payable aging to each Borrower’s general ledger and monthly 
Financial Statements delivered pursuant to Annex E, in each case 
accompanied by such supporting detail and documentation as shall be 
requested by Agent in its reasonable discretion;
 
(iv)          a reconciliation of the outstanding Loans as set forth in the 
monthly Loan Account statement provided by Agent to each Borrower’s general 
ledger and monthly Financial Statements delivered pursuant to Annex E, in 
each case accompanied by such supporting detail and documentation as shall 
be requested by Agent in its reasonable discretion;
 
(d)         To Agent, at the time of delivery of each of the quarterly or 
annual Financial Statements delivered pursuant to Annex E, (i) a listing of 
government contracts of each Borrower subject to the Federal Assignment of 
Claims Act of 1940; and (ii) a list of any applications for the 
registration of any Patent, Trademark or Copyright filed by any Credit 
Party with the United States Patent and Trademark Office, the United States 
Copyright Office or any similar office or agency in the prior Fiscal 
Quarter;
 
(e)         Each Borrower, at its own expense, shall deliver to Agent the 
results of each physical verification, if any, that such Borrower or any of 
its Subsidiaries may in their discretion have made, or caused any other 
Person to have made on their behalf, of all or any portion of their 
Inventory (and, if a Default or an Event of Default has occurred and is 
continuing, each Borrower shall, upon the request of Agent, conduct, and 
deliver the results of, such physical verifications as Agent may require);
 
(f)          Each Borrower, at its own expense, shall deliver to Agent (i) 
an appraisal of its inventory not less than once during each year and (ii) 
such other appraisals of its assets as Agent may request, no more 
frequently than once a year and, in the case of clause (i) and (ii) above, 
at any time after the occurrence and during the continuance of a Default or 
an Event of Default, which appraisals shall be, in each case, conducted by 
an appraiser, and in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Agent; 
and
 
(g)         Such other reports, statements and reconciliations with respect 
to the Borrowing Base, Collateral or Obligations of any or all Credit 
Parties as Agent shall from time to time request in its reasonable 
discretion, including, without limitation, an annual actuarial study 
performed by an actuary acceptable to Agent.

 
Annex F - 2
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

ANNEX G (Section 6.10)
 
to
 
CREDIT AGREEMENT
 
FINANCIAL COVENANTS
 
1.           Any time the aggregate average daily Borrowing Availability as 
to all Borrowers in the aggregate for any continuous thirty (30) day period 
is less than $30,000,000 or the aggregate daily Borrowing Availability for 
all Borrowers is $20,000,000 or less, Borrowers shall not breach or fail to 
comply with any of the following financial covenants, with the Minimum 
Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio to be measured, except as otherwise provided in 
paragraph (a) below, commencing with the Fiscal Quarter immediately 
preceding the Fiscal Quarter in which the foregoing Borrowing Availability 
threshold is violated and with each such financial covenant being 
calculated in accordance with GAAP consistently applied:
 
(a)           Minimum Fixed Charge Cover Ratio.  Borrowers and their 
Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis shall have, at the end of each Fiscal 
Quarter, a Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio of not less than 1.10 to 1.00.  The 
Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio shall be measured for the 12-month period then 
ended, any provisions herein to the contrary, on the last day of the Fiscal 
Quarter for which such determination is being made.
 
(b)           Maximum Capital Expenditures.  Borrowers and their 
Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis shall not make Capital Expenditures 
during any Fiscal Year set forth below in excess of the amount set forth 
below; provided, however, that twenty-five percent (25%) of the unused 
portion of such sum may be carried over and expended in any subsequent 
Fiscal Year (for the avoidance of doubt, the Borrowers’ carry over amount 
for the years 2007, 2008 and 2009 is $1,001,000, $3,875,000 and $2,706,000, 
respectively; $7,582,000 in the aggregate).
 
Fiscal Year
  	
Maximum Capital Expenditure
 
  	  	  	 
2010
  	$ 	18,000,000 	 
  	  	  	  	 
2011
  	$ 	18,000,000 	 
  	  	  	  	 
2012
  	$ 	18,000,000 	 
  	  	  	  	 
2013
  	$ 	18,000,000 	 
  	  	  	  	 
2014
  	$ 	18,000,000 	 

 
Annex G - 1
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

Unless otherwise specifically provided herein, any accounting term used in 
the Agreement shall have the meaning customarily given such term in 
accordance with GAAP, and all financial computations hereunder shall be 
computed in accordance with GAAP consistently applied.  That certain items 
or computations are explicitly modified by the phrase “in accordance with 
GAAP” shall in no way be construed to limit the foregoing.  If any 
“Accounting Changes” (as defined below) occur and such changes result in a 
change in the calculation of the financial covenants, standards or terms 
used in the Agreement or any other Loan Document, then Borrowers, Agent and 
Lenders agree to enter into negotiations in order to amend such provisions 
of the Agreement so as to equitably reflect such Accounting Changes with 
the desired result that the criteria for evaluating Borrowers’ and their 
Subsidiaries’ financial condition shall be the same after such Accounting 
Changes as if such Accounting Changes had not been made; provided, however, 
that the agreement of Requisite Lenders to any required amendments of such 
provisions shall be sufficient to bind all Lenders.  “Accounting Changes” 
means (i) changes in accounting principles required by the promulgation of 
any rule, regulation, pronouncement or opinion by the Financial Accounting 
Standards Board of the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants 
(or successor thereto or any agency with similar functions), (ii) changes 
in accounting principles concurred in by any Borrower’s certified public 
accountants; (iii) purchase accounting adjustments under A.P.B. 16 or 17 
and EITF 88-16, and the application of the accounting principles set forth 
in FASB 109, including the establishment of reserves pursuant thereto and 
any subsequent reversal (in whole or in part) of such reserves; and (iv) 
the reversal of any reserves established as a result of purchase accounting 
adjustments.  All such adjustments resulting from expenditures made 
subsequent to the Closing Date (including capitalization of costs and 
expenses or payment of pre-Closing Date liabilities) shall be treated as 
expenses in the period the expenditures are made and deducted as part of 
the calculation of EBITDA in such period.  If Agent, Borrowers and 
Requisite Lenders agree upon the required amendments, then after 
appropriate amendments have been executed and the underlying Accounting 
Change with respect thereto has been implemented, any reference to GAAP 
contained in the Agreement or in any other Loan Document shall, only to the 
extent of such Accounting Change, refer to GAAP, consistently applied after 
giving effect to the implementation of such Accounting Change.  If Agent, 
Borrowers and Requisite Lenders cannot agree upon the required amendments 
within thirty (30) days following the date of implementation of any 
Accounting Change, then all Financial Statements delivered and all 
calculations of financial covenants and other standards and terms in 
accordance with the Agreement and the other Loan Documents shall be 
prepared, delivered and made without regard to the underlying Accounting 
Change.  For purposes of Section 8.1, a breach of a Financial Covenant 
contained in this Annex G shall be deemed to have occurred as of any date 
of determination by Agent or as of the last day of any specified 
measurement period, regardless of when the Financial Statements reflecting 
such breach are delivered to Agent.

 
Annex G - 2
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

ANNEX H (Section 9.9(a))
 
to
 
CREDIT AGREEMENT
 
WIRE TRANSFER INFORMATION

Name:
General Electric Capital Corporation
  	 
Bank:
DeutscheBank Trust Company Americas
  	
New York, New York
  	 
ABA #:
 
  	 
Account #:
 
  	 
Account Name:
  	 
Reference:

 
Annex H - 1
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

ANNEX I (Section 11.10)
 
to
 
CREDIT AGREEMENT
 
NOTICE ADDRESSES
 

(A)         If to Agent or GE Capital, at

    General Electric Capital Corporation
    10 Riverview Drive
    Danbury, Connecticut 06810
    Attention:        Account Manager - Standard Motor Products, Inc.
    Telephone:      (203) 749-6218

    with copies to:

    Hahn & Hessen LLP
    488 Madison Avenue
    New York, New York 10022
    Attention:         Steven J.  Seif, Esq.
    Facsimile:         (212) 478-7400
    Telephone:        (212) 478-7200

    and

    General Electric Capital Corporation
    201 Merrit Seven
    Norwalk, Connecticut 06856
    Attention:         Corporate Counsel - Commercial Finance
    Facsimile:         (203) 956-4001
    Telephone:        (203) 956-4370

(B)          If to any Borrower, to Borrower Representative, at
 
    Standard Motor Products, Inc.
    37-18 Northern Boulevard
    Long Island City, New York 11101
    Attention:          Robert Martin
    Facsimile:          (718) 316-4276
    Telephone:         (718) 784-3284

 
Annex I - 1
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

ANNEX J (from Annex A - Commitments definition)
 
to
 
CREDIT AGREEMENT

Commitments
Lenders
  	 
$62,573,182.46
GE Capital Corporation
  	 
$31,630,399.93
Bank of America, N.A.
  	 
$18,565,669.52
JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A.
  	 
$13,726,235.74
HSBC Bank USA, National Association
  	 
$45,382,747.72
Wells Fargo Capital Finance, LLC*
  	 
$18,121,764.63
GE Business Financial Services, Inc.
  	 

 
Annex J - 1
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 