 EX-10.26 2 dex1026.htm FORM OF SUPPLEMENTAL AGREEMENT


 
Exhibit 10.26


SUPPLEMENTAL AGREEMENT TO THE
MANAGEMENT STOCKHOLDER’S AGREEMENT AND THE SALE
PARTICIPATION AGREEMENT


This Supplemental Agreement to the Management Stockholder’s Agreement and 
the Sale Participation Agreement (the “Agreement”) is dated as of May 15, 
2008 by and between Affinia Group Holdings Inc., a Delaware corporation 
(the “Company”), Cypress Merchant Banking Partners II L.P. a Delaware 
limited partnership (“Cypress Onshore”), Cypress Merchant Banking II C.V., 
a limited partnership formed under the laws of The Netherlands (“Cypress 
Offshore”), 55th Street Partners II L.P., a Delaware limited partnership 
(“55th Street”), Cypress Side-by-Side L.L.C., a Delaware limited liability 
company (“Side by Side” and, together with Cypress Onshore, Cypress 
Offshore and 55th Street, the “Cypress Entities”) and the undersigned 
person (the “Management Stockholder”) (the Company, the Cypress Entities 
and the Management Stockholder being hereinafter collectively referred to 
as the “Parties”).



RECITALS


WHEREAS, the Company and the Management Stockholder entered into that 
certain Management Stockholder’s Agreement, dated as of                     
     (the “Management Stockholders Agreement”);


WHEREAS, the Cypress Entities and the Management Stockholder entered into 
that certain Sale Participation Agreement, dated as of                      
    (the “Sale Participation Agreement”);


WHEREAS, the Management Stockholder is a participant under the Affinia 
Group Senior Executive Deferred Compensation and Stock Award Plan (the 
“Plan”), under which the Management Stockholder’s deferred compensation 
account is notionally invested in Company common stock, and pursuant to 
which the Management Stockholder may receive a future distribution from the 
Plan in the form of Company common stock, in each case subject to an in 
accordance with the Plan’s terms;


WHEREAS, all shares of Company common stock distributed to the Management 
Stockholder under the Plan are required to be subject to the Management 
Stockholders Agreement, and it is a condition to the Management 
Stockholder’s right to participate under the Plan that such Management 
Stockholder enter into the Management Stockholders Agreement; and


WHEREAS, the Parties wish to clarify the applicability of the provisions of 
the Management Stockholders Agreement and the Sale Participation Agreement 
to the shares of Company common stock issuable and issued under the Plan.


NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual promises hereinafter set 
forth and for other good and valuable consideration, and upon the terms and 
conditions contained herein, the Parties agree as follows. Capitalized 
terms used herein which are undefined shall have the meaning assigned 
thereto in the Management Stockholders Agreement, the Sale Participation or 
the Plan, as specified herein.

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 
Section 1. The Company and the Management Stockholder agree that Shares (as 
such term is defined in the Plan) issuable and issued under the Plan to the 
Management Stockholder shall constitute “Stock” for purposes of the 
Management Stockholders Agreement and shall be subject to all the terms and 
conditions of the Management Stockholders Agreement, with the following 
variations:

(a) With respect to any Share issued under the Plan, the definition of 
“Base Price” with respect to such Share for purposes of Sections 6 and 7 of 
the Management Stockholders Agreement shall mean the “Fair Market Value” 
(as defined under the Plan) of such Share on the “Investment Date” (as 
defined under the Plan); and

(b) Upon an “Initial Public Offering” (as defined under the Plan), the 
provisions of the Management Stockholders Agreement, as they relate to 
Shares issued under the Plan, shall lapse.


Section 2. Except as expressly amended, modified or supplemented hereby, 
the Company and the Management Stockholder otherwise reaffirm all other 
provisions contained in the Management Stockholders Agreement.


Section 3. The Cypress Entities and the Management Stockholder agree that 
Shares (as such term is defined in the Plan) issued under the Plan to the 
Management Stockholder shall constitute “Common Stock” for purposes of the 
Sale Participation Agreement and, when issued under the Plan, shall be 
subject to all the terms and conditions of the Sale Participation 
Agreement.


Section 4. Except as expressly amended, modified or supplemented hereby, 
the Cypress Entities and the Management Stockholder otherwise reaffirm all 
other provisions contained in the Sale Participation Agreement.


Section 5. The laws of the State of Delaware shall govern the 
interpretation, validity and performance of the terms of this Agreement


Section 6. This Agreement may be executed in counterparts, and by different 
parties on separate counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an 
original, but all such counterparts shall together constitute one and the 
same instrument.


[remainder of page intentionally omitted]

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties have executed this Agreement as of the date 
first above written.
 
MANAGEMENT STOCKHOLDER.
Signature: 	  	
 
 
Printed Name: 	  	
 
Address: 	  	
 
 


The undersigned solely for purposes of Sections 1, 2, 5 and 6 with respect 
to the Management Stockholders Agreement.
 
AFFINIA GROUP HOLDINGS INC.
By: 	  	
 
  	Name: 	  	
  	Title: 	  	

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 
The undersigned Cypress Entities solely for purposes of Sections 3, 4, 5 
and 6 with respect to the Sale Participation Agreement.
 
CYPRESS MERCHANT BANKING PARTNERS II L.P.
By: 	  	Cypress Associates II LLC, its general partner
  	 	  	By: 	  	
 
  	 	  	 	  	Name: 	  	
  	 	  	 	  	Title: 	  	Managing Member
55th STREET PARTNERS II L.P.
By: 	  	Cypress Associates II LLC, its general partner
  	 	  	By: 	  	
 
  	 	  	 	  	Name: 	  	
  	 	  	 	  	Title: 	  	Managing Member
CYPRESS MERCHANT BANKING II C.V.
By: 	  	Cypress Associates II LLC, its managing general partner
  	 	  	By: 	  	
 
  	 	  	 	  	Name: 	  	
  	 	  	 	  	Title: 	  	Managing Member
CYPRESS SIDE-BY-SIDE LLC
  	 	  	By: 	  	
 
  	 	  	 	  	Name: 	  	
  	 	  	 	  	Title: 	  	