 EX-10.7 74 v201923_ex10-7.htm
 
Exhibit B

THIS SUBSCRIPTION AGREEMENT IS EXECUTED IN RELIANCE UPON (1) THE EXEMPTION 
PROVIDED BY SECTION 4(2) AND REGULATION D, RULE 506 FOR TRANSACTIONS NOT 
INVOLVING A PUBLIC OFFERING UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED 
(THE “SECURITIES ACT”). THIS OFFERING IS BEING MADE ONLY TO ACCREDITED 
INVESTORS.  NONE OF THE SECURITIES TO WHICH THIS SUBSCRIPTION RELATES HAVE 
BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, OR ANY U.S. STATE SECURITIES 
LAWS, AND, UNLESS SO REGISTERED, NONE MAY BE OFFERED OR SOLD, DIRECTLY OR 
INDIRECTLY, EXCEPT IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE PROVISIONS OF REGULATION D UNDER 
THE SECURITIES ACT, PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER 
THE SECURITIES ACT, OR PURSUANT TO AN AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM, OR IN A 
TRANSACTION NOT SUBJECT TO, THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES 
ACT AND IN EACH CASE ONLY IN ACCORDANCE WITH APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES 
LAWS.  IN ADDITION, HEDGING TRANSACTIONS INVOLVING THE SECURITIES MAY NOT 
BE CONDUCTED UNLESS IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE SECURITIES ACT.
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------

SUBSCRIPTION AGREEMENT
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------

THIS SUBSCRIPTION AGREEMENT (this “Subscription”) has been executed by B6 
Sigma, Inc., a corporation organized under the laws of the State of 
Delaware (“B6 Sigma” or the “Company”) and the purchaser set forth in the 
Omnibus Signature Page (the “Signature Page”) attached hereto (the 
“Purchaser”) in connection with the private placement of up to up to 
125,000 Shares of Common Stock (“Shares” or “Common Stock”) at a price of 
$20.00 per Share on a best-efforts Minimum 50,000/Maximum 125,000 Shares 
basis. The minimum subscription amount is 1,250 Shares, or $25,000. The 
proceeds of this Offering will be utilized as described in the Company’s 
Private Offering Memorandum dated April 12, 2010 (the “Memorandum”).

The Securities being subscribed for pursuant to this Subscription have not 
been registered under the Securities Act.  The offer of the Securities and, 
if this Subscription is accepted by the Company, the sale of Securities, is 
being made in reliance upon Section 4(2) and/or Rule 506 of Regulation D of 
the Securities Act promulgated under the Securities Act.  All dollar 
amounts in this Subscription are expressed in U.S. Dollars.

The Company reserves the right, in its discretion, to accept subscriptions 
for lesser amounts. This Subscription is submitted by the undersigned in 
accordance with and subject to the terms and conditions described in this 
Subscription and the Memorandum of the Company, as amended and supplemented 
from time to time, including all attachments, schedules and exhibits.

The terms of the offering of the Shares (“Offering”) are more completely 
described in the Memorandum and such terms are incorporated herein in their 
entirety.

The Purchaser hereby represents and warrants to, and agrees with the 
Company as follows:

 
1
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
ARTICLE 1
SUBSCRIPTION

Subscription

1.1           The undersigned Purchaser, as principal, hereby subscribes to 
purchase the amount of Shares set forth on the Signature Page attached 
hereto, at an aggregate purchase price as set forth on the Signature Page 
(the “Subscription Funds”).

Minimum Subscription

1.2           A minimum of $25,000 of Shares must be purchased by the 
Purchaser, unless a lower amount is agreed to by the Company, in its sole 
discretion.

Method of Payment

1.3           The Purchaser shall pay the Subscription Funds by delivering 
good funds in United States Dollars by way of wire transfer of funds to 
Signature Bank, the escrow agent for this Offering (“Escrow Agent”).  The 
wire transfer and overnight delivery instructions are as set forth in 
Exhibit B attached hereto and made a part hereof.

Upon receipt of the Subscription Funds and acceptance of this Subscription 
by the Company, the Company shall take up the Subscription Funds (the 
“Closing Date”) and issue to the Purchaser such number of Shares equal to 
the amount of the accepted Subscription Funds.  The Purchaser and the 
Company acknowledge and agree that the initial closing of the Offering 
shall be subject to the Minimum Offering having been subscribed for and 
then only at the closing of the Reorganization.

The Purchaser acknowledges that the subscription for Shares hereunder may 
be rejected in whole or in part by the Company in its sole discretion and 
for any reason, notwithstanding prior receipt by the Purchaser of notice of 
acceptance of such subscription.  The Company shall have no obligation 
hereunder until the Company shall execute and deliver to the Purchaser an 
executed copy of this Subscription.  If this Subscription is rejected in 
whole, or the offering of Shares is terminated, all funds received from the 
Purchaser will be returned without interest or offset, and this 
Subscription shall thereafter be of no further force or effect.  If this 
Subscription is rejected in part, the funds for the rejected portion of 
this subscription will be returned without interest or offset, and this 
Subscription will continue in full force and effect to the extent this 
Subscription was accepted.
 
 
2
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

Term; Termination

1.4         No funds held in Escrow will be released to B6 Sigma unless and 
until the Minimum of 50,000 Shares are sold and paid for and then only at a 
closing of the Reorganization (as defined in the Memorandum). In the event 
that the Minimum of 50,000 Shares are not sold during the Offering Period 
or the closing of the Reorganization does not occur on or before May 31, 
2010, all proceeds from the sale of the Shares will be returned to 
subscribers without interest, and this Subscription shall thereafter be of 
no further force or effect.

1.5         All funds received from the Purchaser will held in a 
non-interest-bearing escrow account by the Escrow Agent, pending the 
earlier of (a) one or more closings after reaching the Minimum Offering and 
the closing of the Reorganization, (b) completion of the Maximum Offering 
or (c) the end of the Offering Period.

 
ARTICLE 2
 
REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE PURCHASER

Representations and Warranties

2.1         The Purchaser represents and warrants to the Company, with the 
intent that the Company will rely thereon in accepting this Subscription, 
that:

 
(a)
Accredited Purchaser.  The Purchaser is an “accredited investor” as that 
term is defined in Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act and as 
set forth in Exhibit A-1 attached hereto and made a part hereof;

 
(b)
Experience.  The Purchaser is sufficiently experienced in financial and 
business matters to be capable of evaluating the merits and risks of its 
investments, and to make an informed decision relating thereto, and to 
protect its own interests in connection with the purchase of the 
Securities;

 
(c)
Own Account.  The Purchaser is purchasing the Securities as principal for 
its own account.  The Purchaser is purchasing the Securities for investment 
purposes only and not with an intent or view towards further sale or 
distribution (as such term is used in Section 2(11) of the Securities Act) 
thereof, and has not pre-arranged any sale with any other purchaser and has 
no plans to enter into any such agreement or arrangement;

 
(d)
Exemption.  The Purchaser understands that the offer and sale of the 
Securities is not being registered under the Securities Act or any state 
securities laws and is intended to be exempt from registration provided by 
Rule 506 promulgated under Regulation D and/or Section 4(2) of the 
Securities Act;

 
(e)
Importance of Representations.  The Purchaser understands that the Shares 
are being offered and sold to it in reliance on an exemption from the 
registration requirements of the Securities Act, and that the Company is 
relying upon the truth and accuracy of the representations, warranties, 
agreements, acknowledgments and understandings of the Purchaser set forth 
herein in order to determine the applicability of such safe harbor and the 
suitability of the Purchaser to acquire the Shares;

 
3
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
 
(f)
No Registration.  The Shares have not been registered under the Securities 
Act or any state securities laws and may not be transferred, sold, 
assigned, hypothecated or otherwise disposed of unless registered under the 
Securities Act and applicable state securities laws or unless an exemption 
from such registration is available (including, without limitation, under 
Rule 144 of the Securities Act, as such rule may be amended, or any similar 
rule or regulation hereafter adopted by the Commission having substantially 
the same effect (“Rule 144”)). Moreover, since Purchasers will receive 
shares of Framewaves, Inc. (“Framewaves”) common stock on the closing of 
the Reorganization and Framewaves is a “shell company” (as defined in the 
Securities Exchange Act of 1934), under Rule 144 holders of Framewaves’ 
restricted securities will be unable to utilize Rule 144 as a registration 
exemption for a period of at least one year from the date that Framewaves 
files a Report on Form 8-K containing Form 10 information, and then only if 
it has filed all reports required to be filed with the SEC during the prior 
twelve month period. There can be no assurance that Framewaves will file 
such documents successfully. The Purchaser represents and warrants and 
hereby agrees that all offers and sales of the Shares and the Securities 
shall be made only pursuant to registration or an exemption from 
registration;

 
(g)
Risk.  The Purchaser acknowledges that the purchase of the Shares involves 
a high degree of risk, is aware of the risks and further acknowledges that 
it can bear the economic risk of the Shares, including the total loss of 
its investment.  The Purchaser has adequate means of providing for its 
financial needs and foreseeable contingencies and has no need for liquidity 
of its investment in the Shares for an indefinite period of time;

 
(h)
Memorandum.  The Purchaser and its purchaser representatives, if any, have 
received the Memorandum and all other documents requested by the Purchaser, 
have carefully reviewed them and understand the information contained 
therein;

 
(i)
Independent Investigation.  The Purchaser, in making the decision to 
purchase the Shares subscribed for, has relied upon independent 
investigations made by it and its purchaser representatives, if any, and 
the Purchaser and such representatives, if any, have prior to any sale to 
it been given access and the opportunity to examine all material contracts 
and documents relating to this Offering and an opportunity to ask questions 
of, and to receive answers from, the Company or any person acting on its 
behalf concerning the terms and conditions of this Offering.  The Purchaser 
and its advisors, if any, have been furnished with access to all materials 
relating to the business, finances and operation of the Company and 
materials relating to the offer and sale of the Shares (including, without 
limitation, the Memorandum) which have been requested.  The Purchaser and 
its advisors, if any, have received complete and satisfactory answers to 
any such inquiries;

 
4
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

 
(j)
No Recommendation or Endorsement.  The Purchaser understands that no 
federal, state or other regulatory authority has passed on or made any 
recommendation or endorsement of the Shares.  Furthermore, the foregoing 
authorities have not confirmed the accuracy or determined the adequacy of 
this Subscription or the Memorandum.  Any representation to the contrary is 
a criminal offense;

 
(k)
No Representation. In evaluating the suitability of an investment in the 
Company, the Purchaser has not relied upon any representation or 
information (oral or written) other than as stated in this Subscription and 
in the Memorandum;

 
(l)
No Tax, Legal, Etc. Advice. The Purchaser is not relying on the Company or 
any of its employees or agents with respect to the legal, tax, economic and 
related considerations of an investment in the Shares, and the Purchaser 
has relied on the advice of, or has consulted with, only its own advisers;

 
(m)
The Purchaser.  The Purchaser (i) if a natural person, represents that the 
Purchaser has reached the age of 21 and has full power and authority to 
execute and deliver this Subscription and all other related agreements or 
certificates and to carry out the provisions hereof and thereof; (ii) if a 
corporation, partnership, or limited liability company or partnership, or 
association, joint stock company, trust, unincorporated organization or 
other entity, represents that such entity was not formed for the specific 
purpose of acquiring the Shares, such entity is duly organized, validly 
existing and in good standing under the laws of the state of its 
organization, the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby is 
authorized by, and will not result in a violation of state law or its 
charter or other organizational documents, such entity has full power and 
authority to execute and deliver this Subscription and all other related 
agreements or certificates and to carry out the provisions hereof and 
thereof and to purchase and hold the Shares, the execution and delivery of 
this Subscription has been duly authorized by all necessary action, this 
Subscription has been duly executed and delivered on behalf of such entity 
and is a legal, valid and binding obligation of such entity; or (iii) if 
executing this Subscription in a representative or fiduciary capacity, 
represents that it has full power and authority to execute and deliver this 
Subscription in such capacity and on behalf of the subscribing individual, 
ward, partnership, trust, estate, corporation, or limited liability company 
or partnership, or other entity for whom the Purchaser is executing this 
Subscription, and such individual, partnership, ward, trust, estate, 
corporation, or limited liability company or partnership, or other entity 
has full right and power to perform pursuant to this Subscription and make 
an investment in the Company, and represents that this Subscription 
constitutes a legal, valid and binding obligation of such entity.  The 
execution and delivery of this Subscription will not violate or be in 
conflict with any order, judgment, injunction, agreement or controlling 
document to which the Purchaser is a party or by which it is bound;
 
 
5
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

 
(n)
Non-Affiliate Status.  The Purchaser is not an Affiliate of the Company nor 
is any Affiliate of the Purchaser an Affiliate of the Company. An 
“Affiliate” is an individual or corporation, partnership, trust, 
incorporated or unincorporated association, joint venture, limited 
liability company, joint stock company, government (or an agency or 
subdivision thereof) or other entity of any kind (each of the foregoing, a 
“Person”) that, directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, 
controls or is controlled by or is under common control with a Person as 
such terms are used in and construed under Rule 405 under the Securities 
Act.  With respect to a Purchaser, any investment fund or managed account 
that is managed on a discretionary basis by the same investment manager as 
such Purchaser will be deemed to be an Affiliate of such Purchaser; and

 
(o)
No Advertisement or General Solicitation.  If the Purchaser is a U.S. 
Person, such Purchaser acknowledges that it is not aware of, is in no way 
relying on, and did not become aware of the offering of the Shares through 
or as a result of any form of general solicitation or general advertising, 
including, without limitation, any article, notice, advertisement or other 
communication published in any newspaper, magazine, or similar media or 
broadcast over television or radio, or through any seminar or meeting whose 
attendees have been invited by any general solicitation or general 
advertising.
 
 
(p)
Short Sales and Confidentiality after the Date Hereof. The Purchaser 
covenants that neither it, nor any Affiliate acting on its behalf or 
pursuant to any understanding with it, will execute any “short sales” of 
Framewaves common stock, as defined in Rule 200 of Regulation SHO under the 
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (“Short Sales”, which shall not 
be deemed to include the location and/or reservation of borrowable shares 
of Common Stock) during the period commencing at the time it first became 
aware of this Offering and ending at the time that the transactions 
contemplated by this Subscription are first publicly announced.  The 
Purchaser covenants that until such time as the transactions contemplated 
by this Subscription are publicly disclosed by the Company such Purchaser 
will maintain the confidentiality of the existence and terms of this 
Offering and the information included in this Subscription and the 
Memorandum.  The Purchaser acknowledges the positions of the Securities and 
Exchange Commission (“Commission”) set forth in Item 65, Section A, of the 
Manual of Publicly Available Telephone Interpretations, dated July 1997, 
compiled by the Office of Chief Counsel, Division of Corporation Finance. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if Purchaser is a multi-managed investment 
vehicle whereby separate portfolio managers manage separate portions of 
Purchaser’s assets and the portfolio managers have no direct knowledge of 
the investment decisions made by the portfolio managers managing other 
portions of such Purchaser’s assets, the covenant set forth above shall 
only apply with respect to the portion of assets managed by the portfolio 
manager that made the investment decision to purchase the Securities 
covered by this Subscription.

Survival

2.2         The representations and warranties of the Purchaser contained 
herein will be true at the date of execution of this Subscription by the 
Purchaser and as of the Closing Date in all material respects as though 
such representations and warranties were made as of such times and shall 
survive the Closing Date and the delivery of the Shares.  The Purchaser 
agrees that it will notify and supply corrective information to the Company 
immediately upon the occurrence of any change therein occurring prior to 
the Company’s issuance of the Shares.

 
6
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
ARTICLE 3
REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE COMPANY

3.1         The Company, upon taking up and accepting this Subscription, 
represents and warrants in all material respects to the Purchaser, with the 
intent that the Purchaser will rely thereon in making this Subscription, 
that:

 
(a)
Legality.  The Company has the requisite corporate power and authority to 
take up and accept this Subscription and to issue, sell and deliver the 
Shares; this Subscription and the issuance, sale and delivery of the Shares 
hereunder and the transactions contemplated hereby have been duly and 
validly authorized by all necessary corporate action by the Company;

 
(b)
Proper Organization. The Company is a corporation duly organized, validly 
existing and in good standing under the laws of the State of Delaware;

 
(c)
Issuance of the Shares.  The Shares are duly authorized and, when issued 
and paid for in accordance with the applicable Transaction Documents, will 
be duly and validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable, free and clear of 
all liens, charges, security interests, encumbrances, preemptive rights or 
other restrictions (collectively, “Liens”) imposed by the Company other 
than restrictions on transfer provided for in the Transaction Documents.  
The Securities, when issued in accordance with the terms of the Transaction 
Documents, will be validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable;

 
(d)
Capitalization.  The capitalization of the Company is as set forth in the 
Memorandum. All of the outstanding shares of capital stock of the Company 
are validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable, have been issued in 
compliance with all federal and state securities laws;

 
(e)
No General Solicitation.  Neither the Company nor any person acting on 
behalf of the Company has offered or sold any of the Securities by any form 
of general solicitation or general advertising.  The Company has offered 
the Securities for sale only to the Purchasers and certain other 
“accredited investors” within the meaning of Rule 501 under the Securities 
Act;

Survival

3.2         The representations and warranties of the Company will be true 
and correct as of the Closing Date in all material respects and shall 
survive the Closing Date and the delivery of the Securities.

 
7
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

ARTICLE 4
COVENANTS OF THE COMPANY

Covenants of the Company

4.1         The Company covenants and agrees with the Purchaser that:

 
(a)
Filings.  The Company shall make all necessary filings in connection with 
the sale of the Securities as required by the laws and regulations of all 
appropriate jurisdictions and securities exchanges, including but not 
limited to “Form D”;

 
(b)
Non-Public Information.  Except with respect to the material terms and 
conditions of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents, 
the Company covenants and agrees that neither it nor any other Person 
acting on its behalf, will provide any Purchaser or its agents or counsel 
with any information that the Company believes constitutes material 
non-public information, unless prior thereto such Purchaser shall have 
executed a written agreement regarding the confidentiality and use of such 
information.  The Company understands and confirms that each Purchaser 
shall be relying on the foregoing covenant in effecting transactions in 
securities of the Company.

Survival

4.2         The covenants set forth in this Article shall survive the 
Closing Date for a period of one year for the benefit of the Purchaser.
 
ARTICLE 5
ISSUANCE OF SECURITIES

5.1         As soon as practicable after the Closing Date, the Company 
shall issue and deliver, or shall cause the issuance and delivery of, the 
Shares in the name or names specified by the Purchaser purchased in the 
Offering. Such Shares will be exchanged for shares of Framewaves upon the 
closing of the Reorganization. Both the B6 Sigma and the Framewaves Shares 
shall bear a legend substantially in the following form:

       THESE SECURITIES HAVE BEEN ISSUED PURSUANT TO THE EXEMPTION FROM THE
       REGISTRATION PROVISIONS UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED
       PROVIDED BY RULE 506 OF REGULATION D UNDER SUCH ACT AND/OR SECTION
       4(2) OF SUCH ACT.  THESE SECURITIES CANNOT BE TRANSFERRED, OFFERED,
       OR SOLD UNLESS THE SECURITIES ARE REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES
       ACT OR AN EXEMPTION FROM THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE
       SECURITIES ACT IS AVAILABLE.

 
8
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
5.2           The legend set forth above shall be removed, and the Company 
shall issue a certificate without such legend to the transferee of the 
Securities represented thereby, if, unless otherwise required by state 
securities laws, such Securities have been sold under an effective 
registration statement under the Securities Act.

5.3           The Purchaser agrees that such Purchaser will sell any 
Securities pursuant to either the registration requirements of the 
Securities Act, including any applicable prospectus delivery requirements, 
or an exemption therefrom, and that if Securities are sold pursuant to a 
registration statement, they will be sold in compliance with the plan of 
distribution set forth therein, and acknowledges that the removal of the 
restrictive legend from certificates representing Securities as set forth 
in this Section 5 is predicated upon the Company’s reliance upon this 
understanding.

ARTICLE 6
CLOSING

Closing shall be effected through the delivery of the Subscription Funds by 
the Escrow Agent to the Company and the delivery of the Shares purchased in 
the Offering by the Company to the Purchaser (or the Purchaser’s 
representative), together with a copy of this Subscription Agreement.

ARTICLE 7
INDEMNIFICATION

Indemnification of the Company

7.1           The Purchaser agrees to indemnify and hold harmless the 
Company against and in respect of any and all loss, liability, claim, 
damage, deficiency, and all actions, suits, proceedings, demands, 
assessments, judgments, costs and expenses whatsoever (including, but not 
limited to, attorneys' fees reasonably incurred in investigating, 
preparing, or defending against any litigation commenced or threatened or 
any claim whatsoever through all appeals) arising out of or based upon any 
false representation or warranty or breach or failure by the Purchaser to 
comply with any covenant, representation or other provision made by it 
herein or in any other document furnished by it in connection with this 
Subscription, provided, however, that such indemnity, when taken together 
with any other indemnity provided to the Company pursuant to the 
Registration Rights Agreement, shall in no event exceed the net proceeds 
received by the Company from the Purchaser as a result of the sale of 
Securities to the Purchaser.

Indemnification of the Purchaser

7.2           The Company agrees to indemnify and hold harmless the 
Purchaser against and in respect of any and all loss, liability, claim, 
damage, deficiency, and all actions, suits, proceedings, demands, 
assessments, judgments, costs and expenses whatsoever (including, but not 
limited to, attorneys' fees reasonably incurred in investigating, 
preparing, or defending against any litigation commenced or threatened or 
any claim whatsoever through all appeals) arising out of or based upon any 
false representation or warranty or breach or failure by the Company to 
comply with any covenant, representation or other provision made by it 
herein or in any other document furnished by it in connection with this 
Subscription.

 
9
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
ARTICLE 8
GENERAL PROVISIONS

Governing Law

8.1           This Subscription shall be governed by and construed under 
the law of the State of Delaware without regard to its choice of law 
provision.  Any disputes arising out of, in connection with, or with 
respect to this Subscription, the subject matter hereof, the performance or 
non-performance of any obligation hereunder, or any of the transactions 
contemplated hereby shall be adjudicated in a court of competent civil 
jurisdiction sitting in New Mexico and nowhere else.  The parties hereby 
consent to the service of process in any such action or legal proceeding by 
means of registered or certified mail, return receipt requested. The 
address for service of process shall be (a) to the Company, at its 
corporate offices; and (b) to the Purchaser, at the address set forth on 
the Signature Page hereto, or, in each case, to such other address as each 
party shall subsequently furnish in writing to the other.  In any action, 
suit or proceeding brought by any party against any other party, the 
parties each knowingly and intentionally, to the greatest extent permitted 
by applicable law, hereby absolutely, unconditionally, irrevocably and 
expressly waive forever trial by jury.

Successors and Assigns

8.2           This Subscription shall inure to the benefit of and be 
binding on the respective successors and assigns of the parties hereto.

Execution by Counterparts and Facsimile

8.3           This Subscription may be executed in counterparts and by 
facsimile, each of which when executed by any party will be deemed to be an 
original and all of which counterparts will together constitute one and the 
same Subscription.

Independent Legal Advice

8.4           The parties hereto acknowledge that they have each received 
independent legal advice with respect to the terms of this Subscription and 
the transactions contemplated herein or have knowingly and willingly 
elected not to do so.

Severability

8.5           If any term, provision, covenant or restriction of this 
Subscription is held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, 
illegal, void or unenforceable, the remainder of the terms, provisions, 
covenants and restrictions set forth herein shall remain in full force and 
effect and shall in no way be affected, impaired or invalidated, and the 
parties hereto shall use their commercially reasonable efforts to find and 
employ an alternative means to achieve the same or substantially the same 
result as that contemplated by such term, provision, covenant or 
restriction.

 
10
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
Omnibus Signature Page

8.6           This Subscription Agreement is intended to be read and 
construed in conjunction with the other documents pertaining to the 
issuance by the Company of the Shares to Purchasers pursuant to the 
Memorandum.  Accordingly, it is hereby agreed that the execution by the 
Purchaser and the Company of this Subscription Agreement, in the place set 
forth herein, shall constitute an agreement to be bound by the terms and 
conditions of both this Subscription Agreement and the Share Exchange 
Agreement by and among the Company, the Shareholders of the Company and 
Framewaves (the “Reorganization”) with the same effect as if both this 
Subscription Agreement and the Share Exchange Agreement were separately 
signed.  Accordingly, by signing this Subscription Agreement, the Purchaser 
(i) understands that it is agreeing to exchange each share of the Company’s 
common stock it purchases in this Private Offering for 1,000 shares of 
Framewaves common stock; (ii) agrees to the terms of the Reorganization as 
it is described in the Memorandum; and (iii) represents that it has 
independently investigated Framewaves and agrees that it is the Purchaser’s 
intention to acquire shares of Framewaves in exchange for the shares 
Purchaser is acquiring of B6 Sigma. Purchaser represents and warrants that 
the Company may take any actions necessary on its behalf to effect the 
Reorganization and deliver the Framewaves shares to the Purchaser upon 
completion of the Reorganization.

[Remainder of page intentionally left blank]

 
11
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

B6 SIGMA, INC.
OMNIBUS SIGNATURE PAGE TO
SUBSCRIPTION AGREEMENT
AND
FRAMEWAVES SHARE EXCHAGE AGREEMENT
(FOR THE REORGANIZATION)

Purchaser hereby elects to subscribe under the Subscription Agreement for a 
total amount of $_____________ in Subscription Funds, which amount shall be 
for the purchase of ______ B6 Sigma Shares at a price of $20.00 per Share.
 
Purchaser’s signature below constitutes execution of both the Subscription 
Agreement and the Framewaves Share Exchange Agreement (the 
“Reorganization”).
 
Date: ____________________ , 2010.
 
If the purchaser is an INDIVIDUAL, and if purchased as JOINT TENANTS, as 
TENANTS IN COMMON, or as COMMUNITY PROPERTY:
 
 
  	
 
Print Name(s)
  	
Social Security Number(s)
  	  	 
 
  	
 
Signature(s) of Purchaser(s)
  	
Signature
  	  	 
 
  	
 
Date
  	
Address
 
If the purchaser is a PARTNERSHIP, CORPORATION, LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY 
or TRUST:

 
  	
 
Name of Partnership,
  	
Federal Taxpayer
Corporation, Limited
  	
Identification Number
Liability Company or Trust
  	 

By:
 
  	 
  	
Name:
  	
State of Organization
  	
Title:
  	 
  	  	 
__________________, 2010
  	 
Date
  	
Address
 
 
1
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

B6 SIGMA, INC.
OMNIBUS SIGNATURE PAGE TO
SUBSCRIPTION AGREEMENT
AND
FRAMEWAVES SHARE EXCHAGE AGREEMENT
(FOR THE REORGANIZATION)

B6 Sigma’s signature below constitutes execution of both the Subscription 
Agreement and the Framewaves Share Exchange Agreement (the 
“Reorganization”).
 
ACCEPTED AND AGREED TO
this ___ day of ___________, 2010.

B6 SIGMA, INC.

By:
 
  	
Name:
  	
Title:
 
 
2
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

EXHIBIT A-1 - ACCREDITED INVESTOR PAGE FOR U.S. PURCHASERS

The undersigned Purchaser is an “accredited investor” as that term is 
defined in Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act by virtue of 
being (initial all applicable responses):

           	
A small business investment company licensed by the U.S. Small Business 
Administration under the Small Business Investment Company Act of 1958,
           	
A business development company as defined in the Investment Company Act of 
1940,
           	
A national or state-chartered commercial bank, whether acting in an
 individual or fiduciary capacity,
           	
An insurance company as defined in Section 2(13) of the Securities Act,
           	
An investment company registered under the Investment Company Act of 1940,
           	
An employee benefit plan within the meaning of Title I of the Employee 
Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, where the investment decision is 
made by a plan fiduciary, as defined in Section 3(21) of such Act, which is 
either a bank, insurance company, or registered investment advisor, or an 
employee benefit plan which has total assets in excess of $5,000,000,
           	
A private business development company as defined in Section 202(a)(22) of 
the Investment Advisors Act of 1940,
           	
An organization described in Section 501(c)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code
, a corporation or a partnership with total assets in excess of $5,000,000,
           	
A natural person (as opposed to a corporation, partnership, trust or other 
legal entity) whose net worth, or joint net worth together with his/her 
spouse, exceeds $1,000,000,
           	
Any trust, with total assets in excess of $5,000,000, not formed for the 
specific purpose of acquiring the securities offered, whose purchase is 
directed by a sophisticated person as described in Section 506(b)(2)(ii) of 
Regulation D,
           	
A natural person (as opposed to a corporation, partnership, trust or other 
legal entity) whose individual income was in excess of $200,000 in each of 
the two most recent years (or whose joint income with such person's spouse 
was at least $300,000 during such years) and who reasonably expects an 
income in excess of such amount in the current year, or
           	
A corporation, partnership, trust or other legal entity (as opposed to a 
natural person) and all of such entity's equity owners fall into one or 
more of the categories enumerated above.

 
  	
 
Name of Purchaser (Print)
  	
Name of Joint Purchaser (if any) (Print)
  	  	 
 
  	
 
Signature of Purchaser
  	
Signature of Joint Purchaser (if any)
 
  	  	
 
Capacity of Signatory (for entities)
  	
Date

 
1
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

 EXHIBIT B - WIRE INSTRUCTIONS
 
SIGNATURE BANK
Account Name:  Signature Bank as Escrow Agent for B6 Sigma, Inc.
ABA#:  026013576
Account #1501295724

SWIFT Code: SIGNUS33

Signature Bank
950 Third Ave, 9th FL
New York, NY 10022
Attn: PCG# 311
 
Ref:  [Insert the Name of Subscriber exactly as it appears on the Omnibus 
Signature Page]
 
 
2
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

