 EX-10.13 5 v201602_ex10-13.htm
Production Agreement
 
Party A: Tonghua Linyuan Grape Planting Co, Ltd
 
Party B: Tonghua Jinyuanshan Winery
 
Party B agrees to produce mountain grape wines for Party A. Both parties 
have reached the following terms based on the mutually beneficial 
principles:
 
 
1.
Product Names:  Pearl in Snow Wine; Ice Wine.
 
 
2.
Prior to production, Party A shall provide production guidelines and obtain 
approval from the city inspection department.
 
 
3.
Party A shall notify the supervision department a week in advance for every 
batch of production.
 
 
4.
Party A shall supply all the production materials including bottling and 
packaging and other related materials. If it is necessary for Party B to 
supply other materials, the terms will be negotiated separately.
 
 
5.
Party A shall  assign technical and inspection personnel to monitor the 
production and quality. Party B shall deliver the products according to 
Party A’s production standard. All products must meet state standards.
 
 
6.
Product s Health Standard: Party B must meet health standards set by the 
State.
 
 
7.
Products quality: Party B must meet the quality standard set by Party A, in 
accordance with  QB/1982-94 grape wine production standard requirement.
 
 
8.
Confidentiality Clause: Party A provides production related technical 
information. Party B is required to keep the information confidential.  The 
rights to the products logo and packaging designs are owned by Party A. 
Party B cannot use them for its own purposes.
 
 
9.
Products Safekeeping: After final inspection of the products, products can 
be kept temporarily at Party B’s facility for up to one month. Party A must 
ship out the products within one month.
 
10.
Product defect allowance: Party B is allowed to have  5% wine production 
defect rate; 0.3% on labeling and packaging; and 0.5% on bottles. If the 
bottle damage was caused by delivery, Party B will not be responsible for 
the damage.
 
11.
Processing fee and calculation:  Party A pays Party B RMB 1 per bottle for 
bottling Pearl in the Snow wine, and RMB 1.50 per bottle for bottling Ice 
Wine.
 
 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
12.
Party A provides Party B the information on ingredient contents, origin of 
the raw materials and their sales region.
 
13.
Production Preparation: Party A shall provide all the raw materials, 
packaging materials and the quantity of production to Party B 10 days in 
advance of production.
 
14.
Duration of this Contract: This contract is valid from May 20, 2009 to May 
19, 2012. If there is any dispute beyond negotiation, it will be mediated 
by the local arbitration authority.
 
15.
This contract will be effective after both parties have pressed their seals 
on two copies. Each party has possession of one copy. Each copy has the 
same force of law.
 
16.
Party A subcontracts Party B to produce under Party B’s National Industrial 
Production permit.  Party A shall name Party B on its labels (after city 
quality inspection’s approval).
 
17.
If there are any taxes incurred by Party B for processing Party A’s wines, 
Party A is liable for paying these taxes.
 
 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 