 EX-10.3 28 v201923_ex10-3.htm
 
STOCK PURCHASE AGREEMENT

This STOCK PURCHASE AGREEMENT (this "Agreement") is made this ___ day of 
February, 2010 by and among Cletha A. Walstrand, Esq., (the “Seller 
Representative”) and B6 Sigma, Inc. (the “Buyer”) and Cletha A. Walstrand, 
P.C. (the “Escrow Agent”).

THE PARTIES HEREBY AGREE AS FOLLOWS:

1.           Purchase and Sale of Stock.

(a)           Sale of Shares.  Subject to the terms and conditions of this 
Agreement, and in reliance upon the representations and warranties and 
covenants contained herein, Buyer agrees to purchase from Seller 
Representative and Seller Representative agrees to sell to Buyer Seven 
Hundred Eighty Thirty Thousand (738,000) restricted (on a pre-split basis) 
shares (the “Shares”) of the 750,000 shares owned by sellers, and any 
rights attached to the shares as of the date hereof (including any forward 
splits of stock or other dividends), of FrameWaves, Inc.(the “Company”) for 
a total purchase price of One Hundred and Ninety Five Thousand and no/100 
Dollars (USD$195,000.00) (the “Purchase Price”) which assumes a 125 to 1 
forward split of the Shares in connection with the closing of the intended 
reorganization and which amount shall be adjusted in the event that the 
forward split of the Shares is a different ratio to the extent that the 
Seller shall be left with the equivalent of 1,500,000 post split Shares.

(b)           Purchase Price. The Parties agree that the Purchase price 
shall be delivered to the Escrow Agent on or before the closing of the 
intended reorganization by and among the Company, B6 Sigma, Inc. and the 
Shareholders of B6 Sigma, Inc., or such other entity as may be the subject 
of a share exchange transaction with the Company, the result of which the 
Company shall acquire certain business and/or assets of TMC Corporation or 
its affiliates (such entity being referred to herein as the “Target” and 
the transaction by and among the target, its shareholders and the Company 
being referred to herein as the “Reorganization”).

    2.           Deliveries.

(a)           Upon execution of this Agreement, the Seller Representative 
shall deliver to the Escrow Agent a certificate or certificates 
representing the Shares in negotiable form (the “Certificates”), duly 
endorsed in blank, or with stock transfer powers (containing a bank’s 
signature guarantee or other signature guarantee acceptable to the 
Company’s transfer agent) attached thereto (the “Transaction Documents”); 
and
 
(b)           On or before the Closing, the Buyer shall deliver to the 
Escrow Agent the Purchase Price ($195,000).
 
(c)           Closing.
 
    (i)           The closing of the transactions contemplated hereunder
    (the “Closing”) shall take place at the office of the Escrow Agent
    contemporaneous with the contemplated closing of the Reorganization
    (the “Reorganization Closing”). In the event that the Company fails to
    complete the Reorganization on or before May 20, 2010, the Escrow Agent
    shall thereupon return the Certificates and the Transaction Documents
    to the Seller Representative and all rights and obligations under this
    Agreement shall terminate.
 
 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
    (ii)          The Buyer agrees to cancel said 738,000 shares
    immediately following the Reorganization Closing, but after the Closing
    of the sale by certain shareholders of 388,000 shares of common stock
    to third parties (the “Eight Shareholder Transaction”) pursuant to a
    separate agreement by and among such persons and the Seller
    representative, as representative of the shareholders. For avoidance of
    doubt, the cancellation of the 738,000 shares of common stock
    referenced herein shall occur only after the shares are sold to the
    purchasers in the Eight Shareholder Transaction and the Reorganization
    Closing has been completed.
 
     (iii)        At the Closing, the Escrow Agent shall deliver (a) the
    Certificates and the Transaction Documents to the Buyer; and (b) the
    Purchase Price to the Seller Representative.
 
    (iv)         As a condition to Closing, Seller shall have piggyback
    registration rights for any shares retained by Seller and such
    piggyback registration rights shall be available to the Seller for any
    allowable registration statements by the Company during the period from
    the execution of this Agreement until twelve months following the
    closing of the Reorganization and filing of a report on Form 8-K that
    provides the Form 10 information to the Securities and Exchange
    Commission.
 
3.           Representations and Warranties of Seller Representative. In 
order to induce the Buyers to enter into this Agreement and purchase the 
Shares, the Seller Representative hereby represents and warrants to the 
Buyers that:

(a)           Ownership of Shares.  Seller Representative warrants that the 
holders of the Shares (each a “Seller”) are the record and beneficial owner 
of 750,000 shares of the Company’s common stock (prior to the anticipated 
forward split) and have sole power over the disposition of the Shares and 
that:  (i) the Shares are restricted shares, free and clear of any liens, 
claims, encumbrances, and charges; (ii) the Shares have not been sold, 
conveyed, encumbered, hypothecated or otherwise transferred by any Seller 
except pursuant to this Agreement;  (iii) the Company currently has 
1,258,994 Shares issued and outstanding; and (iii) at the Closing, after 
taking into account the cancellation of the 738,000 shares being sold 
hereunder (without giving effect to the anticipated forward split) and 
prior to shares of common stock to be issued in the Reorganization, the 
Company will have 520,994 shares of common stock issued and outstanding 
(and no shares of preferred stock or options or warrants convertible into 
any class of stock issued or outstanding).

(b)           Authority for Agreement.  Seller Representative has the 
requisite power and authority to enter into and to consummate the 
transactions contemplated hereby and otherwise to carry out its obligations 
hereunder.  The execution, delivery and performance by the Seller 
Representative of this Agreement has been duly authorized by all requisite 
action by the Seller Representative and by each Seller represented by the 
Seller Representative, and this Agreement, when executed and delivered by 
the Seller Representative, constitutes a valid and binding obligation of 
the Seller Representative and each Seller of Shares represented by the 
Seller Representative, enforceable against the Seller Representative and 
each such Seller in accordance with its terms. The Seller Representative 
has no authority to vote or control the Shares and her sole function in 
this transaction is to handle the sale of the Shares from the Sellers to 
the Buyer.

(c)           Experience and Knowledge. The Seller Representative 
acknowledges and agrees that it (i) has extensive knowledge and experience 
in financial and business matters; (ii) has had access to and received all 
information regarding the Company and the Buyer as it has desired or 
requested; (iii) has made its own inquiry and investigation into, and, 
based thereon, has formed an independent judgment concerning, the 
operations of the Company and its business and future prospects, including 
those of the Buyer; and (iv) has received sufficient and satisfactory 
answers to all questions posed to the Company to evaluate the merits and 
risks of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

(d)           The Reorganization.  The Seller Representative has satisfied 
herself with respect to, and has knowledge of the operations, affairs, 
condition and prospects of the Company and its future plans and the 
financial details relating to the Reorganization. The Seller Representative 
understands that the terms of the Reorganization may change or differ from 
those presently contemplated based upon negotiations occurring after the 
date of this Agreement.

(e)           No Fiduciary Duty. The Seller Representative hereby 
acknowledges and agrees that (a) at present there is no regular public 
trading market for the Shares; (b) the purchase and sale of Seller’s Shares 
is taking place in a private transaction between Seller Representative and 
Buyer in an arm’s length commercial transaction between the Seller 
Representative, on the one hand, and the Buyer on the other, at a price 
negotiated and agreed to by the Seller Representative; and (c) the Seller 
Representative agrees that it is solely responsible for making its own 
judgments in connection with the Agreement.

(f)           Affiliate Status and Share Restrictions.  The Seller 
Representative represents that the Sellers are affiliates of the Company 
and that the Shares being sold hereunder are “restricted securities”.

4.           Representations and Warranties of the Buyer.  The Buyer hereby 
warrants and represents to each Seller that:

(a)           Authority.  The Buyer has the requisite power and authority 
to enter into and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby and 
otherwise to carry out its obligations hereunder.  The execution, delivery 
and performance by the Buyer of this Agreement have been duly authorized by 
all requisite action by the Buyer, and this Agreement, when executed and 
delivered by the Buyer, constitutes a valid and binding obligation of the 
Buyer, enforceable against the Buyer.

(b)           Experience and Knowledge. The Buyer acknowledges and agrees 
that it (i) has extensive knowledge and experience in financial and 
business matters; (ii) has had access to all information as to the Company 
and the Buyer as it has desired; (iii) has made its own inquiry and 
investigation into, and, based thereon, has formed an independent judgment 
concerning, the operations of the Company and its business and future 
prospects; and (iv) has received sufficient and satisfactory answers to all 
questions posed to the Company to evaluate the merits and risks of the 
transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

5.           Escrow Agent.

(a)           Buyer Deliveries.  On or before the Closing Date, the Buyer 
shall have delivered to the Escrow Agent the Purchase Price for the Shares.

(b)           Seller Deliveries.  On or before the Closing Date, the Seller 
Representative shall have delivered to the Escrow Agent the Certificates 
and Transaction Documents.

(c)           Escrow Agent to Deliver Certificate, Transaction Documents 
and Purchase Price.  The Escrow Agent shall hold and release the 
Certificates, Transaction Documents and Purchase price only in accordance 
with the terms and conditions of this Agreement.

 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
(d)           Duties and Responsibilities of the Escrow Agent.  The Escrow 
Agent’s duties and responsibilities shall be subject to the following terms 
and conditions:

    (i)           The Seller Representative and each of the Buyers
    acknowledge and agree that the Escrow Agent (a) shall not be
    responsible for or bound by, and shall not be required to inquire into
    whether either the Seller Representative or the Buyer is entitled to
    receipt of the Certificates, Transaction Documents or Purchase Price
    pursuant to any other agreement or otherwise; (b) shall be obligated
    only for the performance of such duties as are specifically assumed by
    the Escrow Agent pursuant to this Agreement; (c) may rely on and shall
    be protected in acting or refraining from acting upon any written
    notice, instruction, instrument, statement, request or document
    furnished to it hereunder and believed by the Escrow Agent in good
    faith to be genuine and to have been signed or presented by the proper
    person or party, without being required to determine the authenticity
    or correctness of any fact stated therein or the propriety or validity
    or the service thereof; (d) may assume that any person believed by the
    Escrow Agent in good faith to be authorized to give notice or make any
    statement or execute any document in connection with the provisions
    hereof is so authorized; (e) shall not be under any duty to give the
    property held by Escrow Agent hereunder any greater degree of care than
    the Escrow Agent gives its own similar property, but in no event less
    than a reasonable amount of care; and (f) may consult with counsel
    satisfactory to the Escrow Agent, the opinion of such counsel to be
    full and complete authorization and protection in respect of any action
    taken, suffered or omitted by the Escrow Agent hereunder in good faith
    and in accordance with the opinion of such counsel.

    (ii)          The Seller Representative and the Buyer acknowledges that
    the Escrow Agent is acting solely at its request and that the Escrow
    Agent shall not be liable for any action taken by Escrow Agent in good
    faith and believed by the Escrow Agent to be authorized or within the
    rights or powers conferred upon the Escrow Agent by this Agreement. The
    Seller and the Buyer agree to indemnify and hold harmless the Escrow
    Agent and any of the Escrow Agent’s partners, employees, agents,
    affiliates and representatives for any action taken or omitted to be
    taken by the Escrow Agent or any of them hereunder, including the fees
    of outside counsel and other costs and expenses of defending itself
    against any claim or liability under this Agreement, except in the case
    of gross negligence or willful misconduct on the part of the Escrow
    Agent committed in its capacity as Escrow Agent under this Agreement.
    The Escrow Agent shall owe a duty only to the Sellers and the Buyer
    under this Agreement and to no other person.

    (iii)         The Buyer and Seller Representative agree to reimburse
    the Escrow Agent for outside counsel fees, to the extent authorized
    hereunder and incurred in connection with the performance of its duties
    and responsibilities hereunder.

    (iv)         The Escrow Agent may at any time resign as Escrow Agent
    hereunder by giving five (5) days prior written notice of resignation
    to the Buyer and the Seller Representative. Prior to the effective date
    of the resignation as specified in such notice, the Buyer and Seller
    Representative, respectively, will issue to the Escrow Agent an
    Instruction authorizing delivery of the Purchase Price, the
    Certificates and Transaction Documents to a substitute escrow agent
    selected jointly by the Buyer and the Seller Representative.  If no
    successor escrow agent is agreed upon and named by the Buyer and the
    Seller Representative, the Escrow Agent may apply to a court of
    competent jurisdiction in the State of Utah for appointment of a
    successor escrow agent, and to deposit the Purchase Price, the
    Certificates and Transaction Documents with the clerk of any such
    court.

 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

    (v)          This Agreement sets forth exclusively the duties of the
    Escrow Agent with respect to any and all matters pertinent thereto and
    no implied duties or obligations shall be read into this Agreement.

    (vi)         The provisions of this Section 5 shall survive the
    resignation of the Escrow Agent or the termination of this Agreement.

6.           Miscellaneous.

(a)          Successors and Assigns.  The terms and conditions of this 
Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the respective 
heirs, legal representatives, successors and assigns of the parties.

(b)          Governing Law/Venue.  This Agreement shall be governed by and 
construed under the laws of the State of Nevada as applied to agreements 
entered into and to be performed entirely within Nevada.  Any dispute or 
controversy concerning or relating to this Agreement shall be exclusively 
resolved in the federal or state courts located in the City, County and 
State of Nevada.

(c)          Counterparts.  This Agreement may be executed in counterparts, 
each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which together shall 
constitute one and the same instrument.

(d)          Default.  Seller Representative’s failure to deliver to 
Buyer’s Certificates representing any securities as required hereby along 
with fully executed stock powers with signature medallion guaranteed, shall 
constitute a default under this Agreement (“Default”).  Nothing herein 
shall limit the Buyer’s rights to protect and enforce its rights by an 
action at law, suit in equity or other appropriate proceeding, whether for 
the specific performance of any agreement contained herein for an 
injunction against a violation of any of the terms hereof or thereof, or 
for the pursuit of any other remedy which it may have by virtue of this 
Agreement, for the failure of the Seller Representative to deliver 
Certificates representing any securities as required hereby, and the Buyer 
shall have the right to pursue all remedies available to them at law or in 
equity, including, without limitation, a decree of specific performance 
and/or injunctive relief.

(e)          Titles and Subtitles.  The titles and subtitles used in this 
Agreement are used for convenience only and are not to be considered in 
construing or interpreting this Agreement.

(f)           Notices.  Unless otherwise provided, any notice required or 
permitted under this Agreement shall be given in writing and shall be 
deemed effectively given upon personal delivery to the party to be notified 
or sent by overnight delivery by a nationally recognized overnight courier 
upon proof of sending thereof and addressed to the party to be notified at 
the address indicated for such party above, or at such other address as 
such party may designate by written notice to the other parties.

(g)          Expenses.  Each of the parties shall bear its own costs and 
expenses incurred with respect to the negotiation, execution, delivery, and 
performance of this Agreement.

(h)          Amendments and Waivers. Any term of this Agreement may be 
amended and the observance of any term of this Agreement may be waived 
(either generally or in a particular instance and either retroactively or 
prospectively), only with the written consent of Seller Representative and 
Buyer.

(i)           Entire Agreement.  This Agreement represents and constitutes 
the entire agreement and understanding between the parties with regard to 
the subject matter contained herein. All prior agreements, understandings 
and representations are hereby merged into this Agreement.

 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have executed, or caused to be executed 
on their behalf by an agent thereunto duly authorized, this Agreement as of 
the date first above written.

[Signatures on Page Following]

 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
SELLER REPRESENTATIVE:
 
By: 
 
  	
Cletha A. Walstrand, Esq.
  	
1322 Pachua
  	
Ivins, UT 84738
 
Number of Shares: ____________________________
 
ESCROW AGENT:
 
CLETHA A. WALSTRAND, P.C.
  	 
By:
 
Name:  Cletha A. Walstrand, Esq.
Title:    Attorney at Law
 
B6 SIGMA, INC. (BUYER):
 
By:
 
  	
Name:
  	
Address:
 
 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

