 EX-10.19 22 dex1019.htm ENGAGEMENT LETTER AGREEMENT


 
Exhibit 10.19


January 1, 2010


Mr. Anthony Macaluso
Single Touch Systems, Inc.
2235 Encinitas Blvd. Suite 210
Encinitas, CA 92024


Dear Mr. Hodges,


The purpose of this letter is to confirm the engagement of Gar Wood 
Securities, LLC (“GW”), a FINRA member firm, by, SINGLE TOUCH SYSTEMS, INC. 
(the “Company”), on a selective basis to effect Private Investment in 
Public Equity transaction(s) on behalf of the Company in an amount(s) of $3 
million to $5 million dollars. In addition, GW will render financial 
advisory services to the Company in order to expand institutional awareness 
in the financial community.


Section 1. Engagement Term. GW shall conduct institutional investor 
services for a period of twelve months commencing on the date hereof and 
expiring December 31, 2010. During this period GW shall initiate a platform 
of services aimed at introducing Single Touch Systems, Inc. to 
institutional investors in order to build corporate visibility. The 
services shall include but are not limited to investor introductions via 
telephone calls, investor meetings and conference invitations.


Section 2. Fees. Upon engagement, a fee of 1,000,000 warrants to purchase 
SINGLE TOUCH SYSTEMS, INC, common stock, with a $1.00 strike price shall be 
issued to GW. The value of these warrants will be recognized immediately. 
These warrants shall have a three-year expiration date, and the shares 
represented by the warrants shall have piggyback registration rights. The 
warrants shall be issued as follows:
 
  	-Gar Wood Securities, LLC: 	   	100,000 (shall be assignable in part or 
in whole to officers or employees of Gar Wood Securities, LLC.)
  	-Jackson E. Spears: 	   	400,000
  	-Constance A. Schadewitz: 	   	250,000
  	-William R. Gregozeski: 	   	250,000


In the event a private placement should result through direct GW 
introductions, a Success Fee to GW consisting of a cash fee equal to 5.0% 
of the aggregate gross proceeds of the sale of Securities to investors 
received by the Company shall be paid. The cash portion of any Success Fee 
shall be paid to GW, as applicable, on the relevant closing date of a 
Transaction or as soon as reasonably practicable thereafter.


The fee shall be payable with respect to any Transaction occurring:
 
  	(i) 	during the term of this agreement; or
 
  	(ii) 	after the term of this agreement, if GW introduced the purchaser 
of the Transaction or an affiliate of purchaser to Company within 6 months 
preceding closing of the Transaction.

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 
In addition to the Success Fee, GW will receive warrants equal to 5% of the 
net proceeds to the Company from the Transaction contemplated. These 
warrants shall be identical in all aspects of the investor(s) warrants.


Section 3. Right of First Refusal. Single Touch Systems, Inc, grants GW 
right of first refusal on a non-exclusive basis to act as the Company’s 
Investment Banker/Financial Advisor on any financings in the next twelve 
months.


Section 4. Confidentiality. The Company acknowledges that all advice 
(written or oral) which may be given by GW to the Company in connection 
with GW’s engagement is intended solely for the benefit and use of the 
Company (including its management, directors and attorneys), and the 
Company agrees that no such advice shall be used, reproduced, disseminated, 
quoted or referred to at any time, in any manner or for any purpose, nor 
shall any public references to GW be made by the Company (or such persons), 
without the prior written consent of GW, which consent shall not be 
unreasonably withheld.


Section 5. Indemnity. GW and the Company have entered into a separate 
letter agreement, dated the date hereof, with respect to the 
indemnification of GW by the Company with regard to GW’s engagement 
hereunder.


Section 6. Arbitration. Any dispute, claim or controversy arising out of or 
relating to this Agreement or the breach, termination, enforcement, 
interpretation or validity thereof, including the determination of the 
scope or applicability of this agreement to arbitrate, shall be determined 
by arbitration in Chicago, Illinois before one arbitrator mutually agreed 
to by the parties hereto. The parties hereby waive all right to trial by 
jury with respect to the foregoing. The arbitration shall he conducted in 
accordance with the dispute resolution procedures of the American Bar 
Association. Judgment on the award may be entered in any court having 
jurisdiction. The arbitrator may, in his or her sole discretion, allocate 
all or part of the costs of the arbitration in the award, including the 
fees of the arbitrator and the reasonable attorneys’ fees of the parties. 
The arbitrator shall not have the power to award punitive damages.


Section 7. Miscellaneous. This Agreement constitutes the entire 
understanding and agreement of the parties with respect to the subject 
matter hereof. This Agreement may not be amended except by a written 
instrument signed by both parties hereto. This Agreement shall be governed 
by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Illinois, 
without regard to conflict of law rules.


*        *        *

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 
Please confirm that the foregoing is in accordance with your understandings 
and agreements with GW by signing and returning to GW the duplicate of this 
letter.
 
Very truly yours,
Gar Wood Securities, LLC
  
Robert S. Jersey
President
 
ACCEPTED AND AGREED AS OF
THE DATE FIRST WRITTEN ABOVE:
SINGLE TOUCH SYSTEMS, INC.
By:  	  	/s/ Anthony Macaluso
Mr. Anthony Macaluso
CEO

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 
January 1, 2010


Mr. Robert S. Jersey, President
Gar Wood Securities, LLC
440 La Salle St., Suite 2201
Chicago, IL 60605


Dear Mr. Jersey:


In connection with your engagement to advise and assist us, we indemnify 
and hold harmless you and your affiliates, the respective directors, 
officers and agents of you and your affiliates and each other person, if 
any, controlling you and any of your affiliates (the “Indemnified Parties” 
and each an “Indemnified Party”), to the full extent of the law, from and 
against any losses, claims, damages or liabilities (or actions, including 
shareholder actions, in respect thereof) related to or arising out of such 
engagement or your role in connection therewith, and will reimburse you and 
any other Indemnified Party for all reasonable expenses (including counsel 
fees) as they are incurred by you or any such other Indemnified Party in 
connection with investigating, preparing or defending any such action or 
claim, whether or not in connection with pending or threatened litigation 
in which you are party.


We will not, however, be responsible for any claims, losses, damages or 
expenses which are finally judicially determined to have resulted primarily 
from your bad faith or from your gross negligence or the bad faith or gross 
negligence of any other indemnified Party. We also agree that neither you, 
nor any of your affiliates, nor any officer, director or agent of you or 
any of you affiliates, nor any person controlling you or any of your 
affiliates, shall have any liability to us or in connection with such 
engagement except for any such liability for losses, claims, damages, 
liabilities or expenses incurred by us that result primarily from your bad 
faith or gross negligence or the had faith or gross negligence of any other 
Indemnified Party.


The forgoing agreement shall be in addition to any rights that you or any 
Indemnified Party may have at common law or otherwise, including, but not 
limited to, any right to contribution.
 
Very truly yours,
Single Touch Systems, Inc.
By:  	  	/s/ Anthony Macaluso
Anthony Macaluso
CEO
Date: 2/15/10
 
Gar Wood Securities, LLC
By:  	  	 
Robert S. Jersey
President
Date:                                                  