 EX-10.1 2 espp2010.htm
 
Exhibit 10.1
 
 
ALLIANCE FIBER OPTIC PRODUCTS, INC.
 
2000 EMPLOYEE STOCK PURCHASE PLAN
 
(As amended and restated effective November 1, 2010)
 
 
 
 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 

Table of Contents
 
Page
 
SECTION 1. PURPOSE OF THE PLAN. 	 1
  	 1
SECTION 2. DEFINITIONS. 	 1
         (a)        "Board" 	 1
         (b)        "Code" 	 1
         (c)        "Committee" 	 1
         (d)        "Company" 	 1
         (e)        "Compensation" 	 1
         (f)        "Corporate Reorganization" 	 1
         (g)        "Eligible Employee" 	 2
         (h)        "Exchange Act" 	 2
         (i)        "Fair Market Value" 	 2
         (j)        "Offering Period" 	 2
         (k)        "Participant" 	 2
         (l)        "Participating Company" 	 2
         (m)        "Plan" 	 2
         (n)        "Plan Account" 	 2
         (o)        "Purchase Price" 	 2
         (p)        "Stock" 	 2
         (q)        "Subsidiary" 	 2
  	 
SECTION 3. ADMINISTRATION OF THE PLAN  	 3
          (a)        Committee Composition 	 3
          (b)        Committee Responsibilities 	 3
   	 
SECTION 4. ENROLLMENT AND PARTICIPATION  	 3
          (a)        Offering Periods 	 3
          (b)        Enrollment 	 3
          (c)        Duration of Participation 	 3
  	 
SECTION 5. EMPLOYEE CONTRIBUTIONS  	 3
          (a)        Frequency of Payroll Deductions 	 3
          (b)        Amount of Payroll Deductions 	 4
          (c)        Changing Withholding Rate 	 4
          (d)        Discontinuing Payroll Deductions 	 4
  	 
SECTION 6. WITHDRAWAL FROM THE PLAN  	 4
          (a)        Withdrawal 	 4
          (b)        Re-enrollment After Withdrawal 	 4
  	 
SECTION 7. CHANGE IN EMPLOYMENT STATUS 
 4
         (a)        Termination of Employment 	 4
         (b)        Leave of Absence 	 4
         (c)        Death 	 4
  	 
SECTION 8. PLAN ACCOUNTS AND PURCHASE OF SHARES  	 4
         (a)        Plan Accounts 	 5
         (b)        Purchase Price 	 5
         (c)        Number of Shares Purchased 	 5
         (d)        Available Shares Insufficient 	 5
 
i
 
 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
         (e)        Issuance of Stock 	 5
         (f)        Unused Cash Balances 	 6
         (g)        Stockholder Approval 	 6
  	 
SECTION 9. LIMITATIONS ON STOCK OWNERSHIP  	 6
         (a)        Five Percent Limit 	 6
         (b)        Dollar Limit 	 6
  	 
SECTION 10. RIGHTS NOT TRANSFERABLE  	 6
  	 
SECTION 11. NO RIGHTS AS AN EMPLOYEE 
 7
  	 
SECTION 12. NO RIGHTS AS A STOCKHOLDER 
 7
  	 
SECTION 13. SECURITIES LAW REQUIREMENTS  	 7
  	 
SECTION 14. STOCK OFFERED UNDER THE PLAN 
 7
        (a)        Authorized Shares 	 7
        (b)        Antidilution Adjustments 	 7
        (c)        Reorganizations 	 7
  	 
SECTION 15. AMENDMENT OR DISCONTINUANCE
 8
  	 
SECTION 16. EXECUTION  	 8
  	 
 
ii
 
 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

ALLIANCE FIBER OPTIC PRODUCTS, INC.
 
2000 EMPLOYEE STOCK PURCHASE PLAN
 
(As amended and restated effective November 1, 2010)
 
SECTION 1. Purpose Of The Plan.
 
        The Plan was adopted by the Board on September 7, 2000, effective
    as of the date of the initial offering of Stock to the public pursuant
    to a registration statement filed by the Company with the Securities
    and Exchange Commission. The Plan was subsequently amended, and is
    hereby amended and restated as of November 1, 2010. The purpose of the
    Plan is to provide Eligible Employees with an opportunity to increase
    their proprietary interest in the success of the Company by purchasing
    Stock from the Company on favorable terms and to pay for such purchases
    through payroll deductions.  The Plan is intended to qualify under
    section 423 of the Code.  All share references are on a post -August
    27, 2010 reverse stock split basis.
 
SECTION 2. Definitions.
 
    (a) "Board" means the Board of Directors of the Company, as constituted 
from time to time.
 
    (b) "Code" means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended.
 
    (c) "Committee" means a committee of the Board, as described in Section 
3.
 
    (d) "Company" means Alliance Fiber Optic Products, Inc., a Delaware 
corporation.
 
        (e) "Compensation" means (i) the total compensation paid in cash to
    a Participant by a Participating Company, including salaries, wages,
    bonuses, incentive compensation, commissions, overtime pay and shift
    premiums, plus (ii) any pre-tax contributions made by the Participant
    under section 401(k) or section 125 of the Code. "Compensation" shall
    exclude all non-cash items, moving or relocation allowances,
    cost-of-living equalization payments, car allowances, tuition
    reimbursements, imputed income attributable to cars or life insurance,
    severance pay, fringe benefits, contributions or benefits received
    under employee benefit plans, income attributable to the exercise of
    stock options, and similar items. The Committee shall determine whether
    a particular item is included in Compensation.
 
        (f) "Corporate Reorganization" means:
 
    (i) The consummation of a merger or consolidation of the Company with 
or into another entity, or any other corporate reorganization; or
 
    (ii) The sale, transfer or other disposition of all or substantially 
all of the Company's assets or the complete liquidation or dissolution of 
the Company.
 
1
 
 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
        (g) "Eligible Employee" means any employee of a Participating
    Company whose customary employment is full time, which means for more
    than five months per calendar year and for more than 20 hours per week.
 
        The foregoing notwithstanding, an individual shall not be
    considered an Eligible Employee if his or her participation in the Plan
    is prohibited by the law of any country which has jurisdiction over him
    or her.
 
        (h) "Exchange Act" means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
    amended.
 
        (i) "Fair Market Value" means the market price of Stock, determined
    by the Committee as follows:
 
           (i) If Stock was traded on a national or regional stock exchange
       on the date in question, then the Fair Market Value shall be equal
       to the closing price reported by the applicable composite
       transactions report for such date; or
 
           (ii) If the foregoing provision is not applicable, then the Fair
       Market Value shall be determined by the Committee in good faith on
       such basis as it deems appropriate.
 
        Whenever possible, the determination of Fair Market Value by the
    Committee shall be based on the prices reported in the Wall Street
    Journal or as reported directly to the Company by the stock exchange.
    Such determination shall be conclusive and binding on all persons.
 
        (j) "Offering Period" means a period with respect to which the
    right to purchase Stock may be granted under the Plan, as determined
    pursuant to Section 4(a), or such other period as the Committee may
    determine in its sole discretion.
 
        (k) "Participant" means an Eligible Employee who elects to
    participate in the Plan, as provided in Section 4(b).
 
        (l) "Participating Company" means (i) the Company and (ii) each
    present or future Subsidiary designated by the Committee as a
    Participating Company.
 
        (m) "Plan" means this Alliance Fiber Optic Products, Inc. 2000
    Employee Stock Purchase Plan, as it may be amended from time to time.
 
        (n) "Plan Account" means the account established for each
    Participant pursuant to Section 8(a).
 
        (o) "Purchase Price" means the price at which Participants may
    purchase Stock under the Plan, as determined pursuant to Section 8(b).
     
        (p) "Stock" means the Common Stock of the Company.
  
        (q) "Subsidiary" means any corporation (other than the Company) in
    an unbroken chain of corporations beginning with the Company, if each
    of the corporations other than the last
     
2
 
 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
    corporation in the unbroken chain owns stock possessing 50% or more of
    the total combined voting power of all classes of stock in one of the
    other corporations in such chain.
 
SECTION 3. Administration of the Plan
 
        (a) Committee Composition.  The Plan shall be administered by the
    Committee. The Committee shall consist exclusively of one or more
    directors of the Company, who shall be appointed by the Board.
 
        (b) Committee Responsibilities.  The Committee shall interpret the
    Plan and make all other policy decisions relating to the operation of
    the Plan. The Committee may adopt such rules, guidelines and forms as
    it deems appropriate to implement the Plan. The Committee's
    determinations under the Plan shall be final and binding on all
    persons.
 
SECTION 4. Enrollment and Participation.
 
        (a) Offering Periods.  While the Plan is in effect, two Offering
    Periods shall commence in each calendar year. The Offering Periods
    shall consist of six-month periods, unless otherwise determined by the
    Committee, commencing on May 1 and November 1 of each year.  Any
    Offering Periods commencing before November 1, 2010 and in effect on
    October 31, 2010, shall terminate on October 31, 2010.
 
        (b) Enrollment.  Any individual who, on the day preceding the first
    day of an Offering Period, qualifies as an Eligible Employee may elect
    to become a Participant in the Plan for such Offering Period by
    executing the enrollment form prescribed for this purpose by the
    Committee.  The enrollment form shall be filed with the Company at the
    prescribed location not later than 15 days prior to the commencement of
    such Offering Period.  All Eligible Employees shall be automatically
    enrolled in the initial Offering Period under the Plan.
     
        (c) Duration of Participation.  Once enrolled in the Plan, a
    Participant shall continue to participate in the Plan until he or she
    ceases to be an Eligible Employee, withdraws from the Plan under
    Section 6(a) or reaches the end of the Offering Period in which his or
    her employee contributions were discontinued under Section 9(b). A
    Participant who withdrew from the Plan under Section 6(a) may again
    become a Participant, if he or she then is an Eligible Employee, by
    following the procedure described in Subsection (b) above. A
    Participant whose employee contributions were discontinued
    automatically under Section 9(b) shall automatically resume
    participation at the beginning of the earliest Offering Period ending
    in the next calendar year, if he or she then is an Eligible Employee. 
    When a Participant reaches the end of an Offering Period but his or her
    participation is to continue, then such Participant shall automatically
    be re-enrolled for the Offering Period that commences immediately after
    the end of the prior Offering Period.
 
SECTION 5. Employee Contributions.
 
        (a) Frequency of Payroll Deductions.  A Participant may purchase
    shares of Stock under the Plan solely by means of payroll deductions.
    Payroll deductions, as designated by the Participant pursuant to
    Subsection (b) below, shall occur on each payday during participation
    in the Plan.
     
3
 
 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
        (b) Amount of Payroll Deductions.  An Eligible Employee shall
    designate on the enrollment form the portion of his or her Compensation
    that he or she elects to have withheld for the purchase of Stock. Such
    portion shall be a whole percentage of the Eligible Employee's
    Compensation, but not less than 1% nor more than 20%.
 
        (c) Changing Withholding Rate.  A Participant may not change the
    rate of payroll withholding during an Offering Period (except upon a
    withdrawal pursuant to Section 6(a)).  A Participant may change the
    rate of payroll withholding effective at the commencement of a
    subsequent Offering Period by filing a new enrollment form with the
    Company at the prescribed location and time prior to the commencement
    of such subsequent Offering Period.
 
        (d) Discontinuing Payroll Deductions.  Employee contributions may
    be discontinued automatically pursuant to Section 9(b).
 
SECTION 6. Withdrawal From The Plan.
 
        (a) Withdrawal. A Participant may elect to withdraw from the Plan
    by filing the prescribed form with the Company at the prescribed
    location at any time before the last day of an Offering Period. As soon
    as reasonably practicable thereafter, payroll deductions shall cease
    and the entire amount credited to the Participant's Plan Account shall
    be refunded to him or her in cash, without interest. No partial
    withdrawals shall be permitted.
   
        (b) Re-enrollment After Withdrawal.  A former Participant who has
    withdrawn from the Plan shall not be a Participant until he or she
    re-enrolls in the Plan under Section 4(b). Re-enrollment may be
    effective only at the commencement of an Offering Period.
 
SECTION 7. Change in Employment Status.
 
        (a) Termination of Employment.  Termination of employment as an
    Eligible Employee for any reason, including death, shall be treated as
    an automatic withdrawal from the Plan under Section 6(a). (A transfer
    from one Participating Company to another shall not be treated as a
    termination of employment.)
 
        (b) Leave of Absence.  For purposes of the Plan, employment shall
    not be deemed to terminate when the Participant goes on a military
    leave, a sick leave or another bona fide leave of absence, if the leave
    was approved by the Company in writing. Employment, however, shall be
    deemed to terminate three months after the Participant goes on a leave,
    unless a contract or statute guarantees his or her right to return to
    work. Employment shall be deemed to terminate in any event when the
    approved leave ends, unless the Participant immediately returns to
    work.
 
        (c) Death.  In the event of the Participant's death, the amount
    credited to his or her Plan Account shall be paid to a beneficiary
    designated by him or her for this purpose on the prescribed form or, if
    none, to the Participant's estate. Such form shall be valid only if it
    was filed with the Company at the prescribed location before the
    Participant's death.
 
SECTION 8. Plan Accounts and Purchase of Shares.
 
4
 
 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
        (a) Plan Accounts.  The Company shall maintain a Plan Account on
    its books in the name of each Participant. Whenever an amount is
    deducted from the Participant's Compensation under the Plan, such
    amount shall be credited to the Participant's Plan Account. Amounts
    credited to Plan Accounts shall not be trust funds and may be
    commingled with the Company's general assets and applied to general
    corporate purposes. No interest shall be credited to Plan Accounts.
 
        (b) Purchase Price.  The Purchase Price for each share of Stock
    purchased at the close of an Offering Period shall be the lower of:
 
           (i) 85% of the Fair Market Value of such share on the last
       trading day of the month in which the Offering Period expired; or
 
           (ii) 85% of the Fair Market Value of such share on the last
       trading day before the commencement of the applicable Offering
       Period.

        (c) Number of Shares Purchased.  As of the last trading day of each
    Offering Period, each Participant shall be deemed to have elected to
    purchase the number of shares of Stock calculated in accordance with
    this Subsection (c), unless the Participant has previously elected to
    withdraw from the Plan in accordance with Section 6(a). The amount then
    in the Participant's Plan Account shall be divided by the Purchase
    Price, and the number of shares that results shall be purchased from
    the Company with the funds in the Participant's Plan Account. The
    foregoing notwithstanding, no Participant shall purchase more than five
    hundred (500) shares of Stock with respect to any Offering Period nor
    more than the amounts of Stock set forth in Sections 9(b) and 14(a).
    The Committee may determine with respect to all Participants that any
    fractional share, as calculated under this Subsection (c), shall be (i)
    rounded down to the next lower whole share or (ii) credited as a
    fractional share.  For each Offering Period, the Committee shall have
    the authority to establish additional limits on the number of shares
    purchasable by each Participant or by all Participants in the
    aggregate.
 
        (d) Available Shares Insufficient.  In the event that the aggregate
    number of shares that all Participants elect to purchase during an
    Offering Period exceeds the maximum number of shares remaining
    available for issuance under Section 14(a), then the number of shares
    to which each Participant is entitled shall be determined by
    multiplying the number of shares available for issuance by a fraction,
    the numerator of which is the number of shares that such Participant
    has elected to purchase and the denominator of which is the number of
    shares that all Participants have elected to purchase.
 
        (e) Issuance of Stock.  Certificates representing the shares of
    Stock purchased by a Participant under the Plan shall be issued to him
    or her as soon as reasonably practicable after the close of the
    Offering Period, except that the Committee may determine that such
    shares shall be held for each Participant's benefit by a broker
    designated by the Committee (unless the Participant has elected that
    certificates be issued to him or her). Shares may be registered in the
    name of the Participant or jointly in the name of the Participant and
    his or her spouse as joint tenants with right of survivorship or as
    community property.
     
5
 
 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
        (f) Unused Cash Balances.  An amount remaining in the Participant's
    Plan Account that represents the Purchase Price for any fractional
    share shall be refunded to the Participant, in cash, without interest.
    Any amount remaining in the Participant's Plan Account that represents
    the Purchase Price for whole shares that could not be purchased by
    reason of Subsection (c) above, Section 9(b) or Section 14(a) shall be
    refunded to the Participant in cash, without interest.
 
        (g) Stockholder Approval.  Any other provision of the Plan
    notwithstanding, no shares of Stock shall be purchased under the Plan
    unless and until the Company's stockholders have approved the adoption
    of the Plan.
 
SECTION 9. Limitations on Stock Ownership.
 
        (a) Five Percent Limit.  Any other provision of the Plan
    notwithstanding, no Participant shall be granted a right to purchase
    Stock under the Plan if such Participant, immediately after his or her
    election to purchase such Stock, would own stock possessing 5% or more
    of the total combined voting power or value of all classes of stock of
    the Company or any parent or Subsidiary of the Company. For purposes of
    this Subsection (a), the following rules shall apply:
 
           (i) Ownership of stock shall be determined after applying the
       attribution rules of section 424(d) of the Code;
 
           (ii) Each Participant shall be deemed to own any stock that he
       or she has a right or option to purchase under this or any other
       plan; and
 
           (iii) Each Participant shall be deemed to have the right to
       purchase up to the maximum number of shares of Stock that may be
       purchased by a Participant under this Plan under the individual
       limit specified in Section 8(c).
 
        (b) Dollar Limit.  Any other provision of the Plan notwithstanding,
    no Participant shall accrue the right to purchase Stock with a Fair
    Market Value in excess of $25,000 per calendar year (under this Plan
    and all other employee stock purchase plans of the Company or any
    parent or Subsidiary of the Company) as determined under section 423
    and the regulations thereunder.
 
        For purposes of this Subsection (b), the Fair Market Value of Stock
    shall be determined in each case as of the beginning of the Offering
    Period in which such Stock is purchased. Employee stock purchase plans
    not described in section 423 of the Code shall be disregarded. If a
    Participant is precluded by this Subsection (b) from purchasing
    additional Stock under the Plan, then his or her employee contributions
    shall automatically be discontinued and shall resume at the beginning
    of the earliest Offering Period ending in the next calendar year (if he
    or she then is an Eligible Employee).
 
SECTION 10. Rights Not Transferable.
 
        The rights of any Participant under the Plan, or any Participant's
    interest in any Stock or moneys to which he or she may be entitled
    under the Plan, shall not be transferable by voluntary or involuntary
    assignment or by operation of law, or in any other manner other than by
    beneficiary designation or the laws of descent and distribution. If a
    Participant in any manner attempts to transfer, assign or otherwise
    encumber his or her rights or interest under the Plan,
     
6
 
 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
     
    other than by beneficiary designation or the laws of descent and
    distribution, then such act shall be treated as an election by the
    Participant to withdraw from the Plan under Section 6(a).
 
SECTION 11. No Rights as an Employee.
 
        Nothing in the Plan or in any right granted under the Plan shall
    confer upon the Participant any right to continue in the employ of a
    Participating Company for any period of specific duration or interfere
    with or otherwise restrict in any way the rights of the Participating
    Companies or of the Participant, which rights are hereby expressly
    reserved by each, to terminate his or her employment at any time and
    for any reason, with or without cause.
 
SECTION 12. No Rights as a Stockholder.
 
        A Participant shall have no rights as a stockholder with respect to
    any shares of Stock that he or she may have a right to purchase under
    the Plan until such shares have been purchased on the last day of the
    applicable Offering Period.
 
SECTION 13. Securities Law Requirements.
 
        Shares of Stock shall not be issued under the Plan unless the
    issuance and delivery of such shares comply with (or are exempt from)
    all applicable requirements of law, including (without limitation) the
    Securities Act of 1933, as amended, the rules and regulations
    promulgated thereunder, state securities laws and regulations, and the
    regulations of any stock exchange or other securities market on which
    the Company's securities may then be traded.
 
SECTION 14. Stock Offered Under The Plan.
 
        (a) Authorized Shares The maximum aggregate number of shares of
    Stock available for purchase under the Plan is three hundred thousand
    (300,000), plus an annual increase to be added on the first day of the
    Company's fiscal year beginning in years 2001 through 2010 equal to
    such amount as may be determined by the Board or, if less, the lesser
    of (i) two hundred thousand (200,000) shares or (ii) one percent (1%)
    of the outstanding shares on such date. The aggregate number of Shares
    available for purchase under the Plan shall at all times be subject to
    adjustment pursuant to Section 14.
 
        (b) Antidilution Adjustments.  The aggregate number of shares of
    Stock offered under the Plan, the individual Participant share
    limitation described in Section 8(c) and the price of shares that any
    Participant has elected to purchase shall be adjusted proportionately
    by the Committee for any increase or decrease in the number of
    outstanding shares of Stock resulting from a subdivision or
    consolidation of shares or the payment of a stock dividend, any other
    increase or decrease in such shares effected without receipt or payment
    of consideration by the Company, the distribution of the shares of a
    Subsidiary to the Company's stockholders or a similar event.
 
        (c) Reorganizations.  Any other provision of the Plan
    notwithstanding, immediately prior to the effective time of a Corporate
    Reorganization, the Offering Period then in progress shall terminate
    and shares shall be purchased pursuant to Section 8, unless the Plan is
    assumed by the surviving corporation or its parent corporation pursuant
    to the plan of merger or consolidation.
     
7
 
 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
     
    The Plan shall in no event be construed to restrict in any way the
    Company's right to undertake a dissolution, liquidation, merger,
    consolidation or other reorganization.
     
SECTION 15. Amendment or Discontinuance.
 
        The Board shall have the right to amend, suspend or terminate the
    Plan at any time and without notice. Except as provided in Section 14,
    any increase in the aggregate number of shares of Stock to be issued
    under the Plan shall be subject to approval by a vote of the
    stockholders of the Company. In addition, any other amendment of the
    Plan shall be subject to approval by a vote of the stockholders of the
    Company to the extent required by an applicable law or regulation.
 
SECTION 16. Execution.
 
        To record the amendment and restatement of the Plan by the Board,
    effective November 1, 2010, the Company has caused its authorized
    officer to execute the same.
 
 
     Alliance Fiber Optic Products, Inc.
      
     By:   /s/Peter C. Chang       
      
     Name: Peter C. Chang
      
                          Title: President and Chief Executive Officer
      

8
 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

