 EX-10.3 3 a6508466ex10-3.txt EXHIBIT 10.3 Exhibit 10.3 CHANGE IN CONTROL 
SEVERANCE AGREEMENT SIMSBURY BANK AND TRUST COMPANY This Agreement is made 
and entered into, effective as of the 2nd day of November, 2010, by and 
between Simsbury Bank & Trust Company, a state bank and trust company with 
its principal office and place of business at 981 Hopmeadow Street, 
Simsbury, Connecticut 06070 ("Bank") and Michael T. Sheahan, a resident of 
Wolcott, Connecticut ("Executive"). W I T N E S S E T H: WHEREAS, Executive 
is employed by Bank as Senior Vice President - Mortgage and Consumer 
Lending Department; WHEREAS, the Board of Directors of Bank considers it to 
be in the best interests of Bank and the stockholders of Bank to foster the 
continued employment of Executive in the event of a Potential 
Change-in-Control (as hereinafter defined), although no specific such event 
is now contemplated or foreseen; WHEREAS, Bank desires to assure Executive 
of what it considers to be fair and reasonable terms in the event of a 
Change-in-Control (as hereinafter defined), and Executive so agrees; NOW 
THEREFORE, in consideration of the promises and mutual covenants herein 
contained, the parties hereto, intending to be legally bound, do hereby 
mutually covenant and agree as follows: 1. Term of Agreement. 
------------------ (a) Generally. Except as provided in Section 1(b) 
hereof, (i) this Agreement shall be effective as of the date and year first 
above written, and shall continue in effect through December 31, 2010, and 
(ii) commencing on January 1, 2011, and each January 1 thereafter, this 
Agreement shall be automatically extended for one additional year unless, 
not later than September 30th of the preceding year, either party to this 
Agreement gives written notice to the other that the Agreement shall not be 
extended under this Section 1(a); provided, however, that no such notice by 
Bank shall be effective if prior to the date of such notice (i) a 
"Potential Change in Control" shall have occurred and the event giving rise 
thereto has not been terminated, abandoned or rescinded, or (ii) a "Change 
in Control" shall have occurred. (b) Upon a Change in Control. If a Change 
in Control shall have occurred at any time during the period in which this 
Agreement is effective, this Agreement shall continue in effect for (i) the 
remainder of the month in which the Change in Control occurred and (ii) a 
term of 12 months beyond the month in which such Change in Control occurred 
(such entire period hereinafter referred to as the "Protected Period"). 
Note that in certain circumstances defined and set forth below, provisions 
of this Agreement shall survive for longer than the period described above. 
-24- 2. Definitions. ------------ For purposes of this Agreement, the 
following terms shall have the following meanings: (a) A "Change in 
Control" shall be deemed to have occurred if, during the term of this 
Agreement: (i) any Person directly or indirectly or acting through one or 
more other Persons first acquires ownership, control, or power to vote 25% 
or more of the voting common stock of Bank or a Controlling Person; or (ii) 
any Person acquires or agrees to acquire all or substantially all of the 
assets and business of Bank or a Controlling Person; or (iii) any Person 
(A) is a party to a merger, consolidation, or any other form of 
reorganization having substantially the same effect as a merger or 
consolidation, with Bank or a Controlling Person and (B) immediately prior 
to such transaction the Person had total assets as of the end of its most 
recent fiscal year equal to or greater than 100% of the total assets of 
Bank or the Controlling Person, as applicable, as of the end of its most 
recent fiscal year; or (iv) during any period of twenty-four (24) 
consecutive months, individuals who at the beginning of such period 
constitute the Board of Directors of Bank cease for any reason to 
constitute a majority of such Board, unless the election, or the nomination 
for election, of each new Director was approved by a vote of at least 
two-thirds (2/3) of the Directors then still in office who were Directors 
at the beginning of such period; or (v) the Board of Directors of Bank, by 
vote of a majority of all the Directors (excluding Executive if Executive 
is a Director), adopts a resolution to the effect that a "Change in 
Control" has occurred for purposes of this Agreement. (b) A "Potential 
Change in Control" shall be deemed to have occurred if: (i) Bank or any 
Controlling Person enters into a letter of intent, memorandum of 
understanding, or definitive agreement providing for, or publicly announces 
that it is considering, one or more transactions, the consummation of which 
would result in the occurrence of a Change in Control; (ii) any Person 
(including Bank) publicly announces an intention to take or to consider 
taking actions which if consummated would constitute a Change in Control; 
or (iii) the Board adopts a resolution to the effect that, for purposes of 
this Agreement, a Potential Change in Control has occurred. (c) A "Person" 
shall include a natural person, corporation, or other entity. When two or 
more persons act as a partnership, limited partnership, syndicate, or other 
group for the purpose of acquiring, holding, or disposing of Bank common 
stock, such partnership, syndicate, or group shall be considered a Person. 
Beneficial ownership shall be determined under the then current provisions 
of Securities Exchange Act Rule 13d-3; 17 C.F.R. ss. 240.13d-3. -25- (d) A 
"Controlling Person" shall mean a Person who directly or indirectly or 
acting through one or more other Persons owns, controls or has power to 
vote 50% or more of the voting common stock of Bank. (e) Notwithstanding 
the definitions contained in Section 2 hereof, the formation by Bank of a 
bank holding company that is approved by the Board and the shareholders of 
Bank shall not in and of itself constitute either a Change in Control or a 
Potential Change in Control. 3. Duties Upon Potential Change-in-Control. 
---------------------------------------- In the event that a Potential 
Change-in-Control shall occur while Executive is employed by Bank, 
Executive agrees to remain in the employ of Bank, and in such event Bank 
agrees to continue to employ Executive in the offices then held by 
Executive with Bank and on the terms of employment then in effect until the 
earlier to occur of the following: (i) the event giving rise to the 
Potential Change-in-Control shall have been abandoned or terminated; (ii) a 
Change-in-Control occurs; or (iii) the Board of Directors of Bank shall 
determine by vote of at least two-thirds (2/3) of all the Directors 
(excluding Executive if Executive is a Director) that Executive's 
obligations under this Section 3 shall cease. During the period covered by 
the preceding sentence, Executive shall render, to the best of Executive's 
ability, such services as shall be required of Executive in order to 
explore and pursue fully the Potential Change-in-Control in accordance with 
directions, policies and determinations from time to time made by the Board 
of Directors of Bank and communicated to Executive. During said period, 
Executive shall use reasonable best efforts to fulfill Executive's 
responsibilities to Bank in the interests of Bank and the shareholders of 
Bank and as reasonably requested of Executive for such purposes. The 
employment of Executive pursuant to the first sentence of this Section 3 
may be terminated, without breach of this Agreement, either by Bank for 
Cause, Disability or Material Breach, or by Executive for Good Reason (as 
such terms are defined in Section 4(f) below). 4. Termination. ------------ 
(a) Termination by Bank for Cause, by Executive Without Good Reason, or by 
Reason of Death, Disability or Retirement. If during the Protected Period 
Executive's employment by Bank is terminated by Bank for Cause, by 
Executive without Good Reason, or because of Executive's death, Disability 
or voluntary Retirement, Bank shall not be obligated to make any payments 
to Executive by reason of this Agreement other than (i) payment of amounts 
otherwise accrued and owing but not yet paid and (ii) any amounts payable 
under then-existing employee benefit programs at the time such amounts are 
due. (b) Termination by Bank Without Cause or by Executive for Good Reason. 
If during the Protected Period Executive's employment by Bank is terminated 
by Bank without Cause or by Executive for Good Reason, subject to the 
provisions of Section 6 hereof, Executive shall be entitled to the 
compensation and benefits described in this Section 4(b). If Executive's 
employment by Bank is terminated prior to a Change in Control at the 
request of a Person engaging in a transaction or series of transactions 
that would result in a Change in Control, the Protected Period shall 
commence upon the subsequent occurrence of a Change in Control, Executive's 
actual termination shall be deemed a termination occurring during the 
Protected Period and covered by this Section 4(b), Executive's Date of 
Termination shall be deemed to have occurred immediately following the 
Change in Control, and Notice of Termination shall be deemed to have been 
given by Bank immediately prior to Executive's actual termination. 
Executive's continued employment shall not constitute consent to, or a 
waiver of rights with respect to, any circumstances constituting Good 
Reason hereunder. -26- The compensation and benefits provided under this 
Section 4(b) are as follows: (i) Bank shall pay Executive's full base 
salary through the Date of Termination at the rate in effect at the time 
Notice of Termination is given, no later than the fifth day following the 
Date of Termination, and Executive shall receive all other vested amounts 
to which Executive is entitled under any benefit plan of Bank, at the time 
such payments are due under the terms of such benefit plan of Bank. (ii) At 
the time specified in Section 4(d) hereof, Bank shall pay to Executive, in 
lieu of amounts which may otherwise be payable to Executive under any bonus 
plan for the year in which the Date of Termination occurs, an amount in 
cash equal to Executive's annual target bonus that would be payable in cash 
for such year, multiplied by a fraction, (A) the numerator of which equals 
the number of days in such annual performance period during which Executive 
was employed by Bank and (B) the denominator of which is 365. (iii) At the 
time specified in Section 4(d) hereof, Bank shall pay Executive, in lieu of 
any further salary, bonus or severance payments under the Bank's Severance 
Plan or otherwise for periods subsequent to the Date of Termination, a lump 
sum amount in cash equal to two times the sum of: (A) the greater of (I) 
Executive's annual base salary in effect immediately prior to the Change in 
Control of Bank or (II) Executive's annual base salary in effect at the 
time Notice of Termination is given; and (B) the greater of (I) Executive's 
annual target bonus for the year in which the Change in Control occurs or, 
(II) if no such target bonus has yet been determined for such year, 
Executive's annual target bonus actually earned by Executive in the year 
immediately preceding the year in which the Change in Control occurs. (iv) 
Stock options or restricted stock held by Executive at the time of 
Executive's termination, the vesting of which is service based, if not then 
vested and exercisable, will become fully vested and exercisable at the 
date of such termination notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth 
in the plans and programs and the agreements and other documents pursuant 
to which such options or restricted stock were granted, and, in all other 
respects (including the period following termination during which such 
options may be exercised), such options or restricted stock shall be 
governed by the plans and programs and the agreements and other documents 
pursuant to which such options or restricted stock were granted. (v) Any 
performance objectives upon which the earning of performance-based 
restricted stock or deferred stock awards, including outstanding stock plan 
awards, and other long-term incentive awards are conditioned shall be 
deemed to have been met at target level at the date of termination, and 
restricted stock and deferred stock awards, including outstanding stock 
plan awards, and other long-term incentive awards (to the extent then or 
previously earned, in the case of performance-based awards) shall become 
fully vested and non-forfeitable at the date of such termination 
notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in the plans and 
programs and the agreements and other documents pursuant to which such 
awards were granted, and, in all other respects, such awards shall be 
governed by the plans and programs and the agreements and other documents 
pursuant to which such awards were granted. -27- (vi) For the 24 
consecutive month period immediately following Executive's termination of 
employment, Bank shall arrange to provide Executive with health insurance 
benefits no less favorable than those which Executive was receiving 
immediately prior to the Notice of Termination. If Executive elects after 
termination of employment continued coverage under Bank's health plan in 
accordance with the applicable provisions of the Consolidated Omnibus 
Budget Reconciliation Act of 1985 ("COBRA"), then Executive shall continue 
to receive such individual and/or family health benefits coverage as 
Executive was receiving at the time of termination of employment with Bank 
with Executive paying the same portion of the cost of such coverage as 
existed at the time of Executive's termination of employment, for so long 
during the continuation period as Executive elects to continue coverage and 
pays Executive's portion of the costs of coverage. (vii) At the time 
specified in Section 4(d) hereof, an amount equal to the aggregate amounts 
that Bank would have contributed on behalf of Executive under Bank's 401(k) 
Plan, or similar qualified plan if any such plan shall be in effect, for a 
24-month period following Executive's termination of employment (plus a 
fixed earnings rate of 7% thereon) had Executive continued in the employ of 
Bank until the end of said period and made contributions under said plan at 
a rate, as a percentage of salary, equal to the rate at which Executive had 
made contributions to said plan in the plan year immediately preceding 
Executive's termination. (viii) At the time specified in Section 4(d) 
hereof, access to outplacement and job search services (including, but not 
limited to, office and secretarial expenses), with a value not to exceed 
$10,000, provided that such access shall apply only during the 24-month 
period following Executive's termination of employment. (ix) Bank shall not 
be obligated to continue any disability or disability income insurance or 
life insurance on behalf of Executive following the date of Executive's 
termination of employment. To the extent permitted under any contracts, 
programs or policies of such nature in effect at the time of such 
termination, Executive may continue at Executive's sole cost and expense 
coverage thereunder for a period of up to 24 months. (x) For a 24-month 
period following Executive's termination of employment, to the extent 
permissible under the governing arrangement, Executive shall continue to 
receive such perquisites, other than those specified in the preceding 
subparagraphs above, as Executive was receiving at the time of termination 
of employment with, to the extent applicable, the same cost sharing with 
Bank as was in effect immediately prior to Executive's termination of 
employment. (xi) Bank shall reimburse Executive for the amount of any 
reasonable legal fees and expenses incurred by Executive in any successful 
action (whether or not arbitration or litigation shall be involved) to 
obtain or enforce any right or benefit provided to Executive by Bank 
hereunder or as confirmed or acknowledged hereunder. -28- (c) Section 280G 
Limit. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, in the event 
that any payment or benefit received or to be received by Executive, 
whether payable pursuant to the terms of this Agreement or any other plan, 
arrangement or agreement with Bank, its successors, or any person 
affiliated with Bank ("Affiliate") within the meaning of Section 1504 of 
the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code") (collectively 
"Total Payments") would, in the determination of the independent certified 
public accounting firm then retained by Bank (the "Tax Advisor"), not be 
deductible (in whole or in part) by Bank, an affiliate of Bank or other 
person making such payment or providing such benefit as a result of Section 
280G of the Code, or any successor to such Section, payments and benefits 
pursuant to this Agreement shall be reduced until no portion of the Total 
Payments is not deductible as a result of Section 280G of the Code, or 
payments and benefits pursuant to this Agreement are reduced to zero. At 
the time of Executive's termination, Bank shall obtain an appraisal of the 
then current present value of the covenants by Executive set forth in 
Sections 7 and 8 of this Agreement, an amount of the total payments to be 
made to Executive under clause (ii) of Section 4(b) equal to said amount 
shall be for all purposes treated as a payment to Executive in 
consideration of such covenants and the remainder, if any, shall be treated 
as supplemental wage payments to Executive. For purposes of the limitation 
contained in this Section 4(c), (i) no portion of the Total Payments the 
receipt of which Executive, in the determination of the Tax Advisor, shall 
have effectively waived prior to the date which is fifteen (15) days 
following termination of employment and prior to the earlier of the date of 
constructive receipt and the date of payment thereof shall be taken into 
account; and (ii) any reduction in the payments and benefits pursuant to 
Section 4(b) above shall be made from the payments and benefits to be made 
pursuant to clauses (i) through (xi) of Section 4(b) hereof, in such order 
as may be determined by Executive, except to the extent that such payments 
and benefits, in the determination of the Tax Advisor, are reasonable 
compensation within the meaning of Section 280G of the Code. The 
determination of the Tax Advisor as to the deductibility of the Total 
Payments shall be completed not later than forty-five (45) days following 
Executive's termination of employment, and such determination shall be 
communicated in writing to Bank, with a copy to Executive, within said 
forty-five (45) day period. The determination of the Tax Advisor as to the 
deductibility of the Total Payments shall be deemed conclusive and binding 
on Bank and Executive and shall not be subject to the arbitration 
provisions of this Agreement. Bank shall pay the fees and other costs of 
the Tax Advisor hereunder. In the event that the independent certified 
public accounting firm then retained by Bank is unable or declines to serve 
as Tax Advisor for purposes of making the foregoing determinations, Bank 
shall appoint another accounting firm of national reputation to serve as 
Tax Advisor. (d) Time of Payment. The payments provided for in clauses 
(ii), (iii), (vii) and (viii) of Section 4(b) hereof shall be made not 
later than the fifteenth day following the Date of Termination; provided, 
however, that if the amount of such payments cannot be finally determined 
on or before such day, Bank shall pay to Executive on such day an estimate, 
as determined in good faith by Bank, of the minimum amount of such payments 
and shall pay the remainder of such payments (together with interest at the 
rate provided in Section 1274(b)(2)(B) of the Code) as soon as the amount 
thereof can be determined but in no event later than the thirtieth day 
after the Date of Termination. Notwithstanding the above, the Bank may 
delay any payment provided for herein until a date no later than the date 
that is six months following the Executive's termination of employment, if, 
in the opinion of the Bank's certified public accountants, such delay is 
necessary in order to avoid the imposition of an excise tax upon the 
Executive under Section 409A of the Code. In all events, the Bank and the 
Executive intend that this Agreement shall be complaint with, and payments 
shall be made in accordance with, Section 409A of the Code, and this 
Agreement is to be interpreted accordingly. Reimbursement amounts will be 
paid within the time frame set forth in Treas. Reg. ss. 
1.409A-3(i)(1)(iv)(A). (e) Notice. During the Protected Period, any 
purported termination of Executive's employment by Bank or by Executive 
shall be communicated by written Notice of Termination to the other party 
hereto. (f) Certain Definitions. Except as otherwise indicated in this 
Agreement, all definitions in this Section 4(f) shall be applicable during 
the Protected Period. -29- (i) Disability. "Disability" shall mean 
Executive's absence from the full-time performance of Executive's duties 
with Bank for six consecutive months as a result of Executive's incapacity 
due to physical or mental illness or disability, and within 30 days after 
written Notice of Termination is thereafter given Executive shall not have 
returned to the full-time performance of Executive's duties. (ii) Cause. 
"Cause" shall mean termination on account of (A) the willful and continued 
failure by Executive to substantially perform Executive's duties with Bank 
(other than any such failure resulting from Executive's incapacity due to 
physical or mental illness or Disability or any failure after the issuance 
of a Notice of Termination by Executive for Good Reason) which failure is 
demonstrably and materially damaging to the financial condition or 
reputation of Bank and/or its affiliates, and which failure continues more 
than 48 hours after a written demand for substantial performance is 
delivered to Executive by the Board, which demand specifically identifies 
the manner in which the Board believes that Executive has not substantially 
performed Executive's duties or (B) the willful engaging by Executive in 
conduct which is demonstrably and materially injurious to Bank or its 
affiliates, monetarily or otherwise. No act, or failure to act, on 
Executive's part shall be deemed "willful" unless done, or omitted to be 
done, by Executive not in good faith and without reasonable belief that 
Executive's action or omission was in the best interest of Bank. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, Executive shall not be deemed to have been 
terminated for Cause unless and until there shall have been delivered to 
Executive a copy of the resolution duly adopted by the affirmative vote of 
not less than three-quarters (3/4) of the entire membership of the Board at 
a meeting of the Board (after reasonable notice to Executive and an 
opportunity for Executive, together with Executive's counsel, to be heard 
before the Board) finding that, in the good faith opinion of the Board, 
Executive was guilty of conduct set forth above in this Section 4(f)(ii) 
and specifying the particulars thereof in detail. (iii) Good Reason. "Good 
Reason" shall mean, without Executive's express written consent, the 
occurrence upon or within two years after a Change in Control of any of the 
following circumstances. The Executive must give written notice to the 
Company of the Good Reason condition within 90 days of the initial 
existence of such condition, and the Company will be afforded the right to 
fully cure the condition within 30 days following receipt of such notice: 
(A) the assignment to Executive of any material duties inconsistent with 
the position in Bank that Executive held immediately prior to the Change in 
Control, or a material adverse alteration in the nature or status of 
Executive's responsibilities or the conditions of Executive's employment 
from those in effect immediately prior to such Change in Control (excluding 
inadvertent actions that are promptly remedied); (B) a material reduction 
in Executive's annual base salary as in effect immediately prior to the 
Change in Control; (C) a material reduction in Executive's perquisites as 
in effect immediately prior to the Change in Control as the same may be 
increased from time to time except for across-the-board perquisite 
reductions similarly affecting all senior executives of Bank and all senior 
executives of any Person in control of Bank; (D) the relocation of the 
principal place of Executive's employment to a location more than 50 miles 
from Executive's principal place of employment immediately prior to the 
Change in Control; -30- (E) the failure by Bank to pay to Executive any 
portion of Executive's compensation or to pay to Executive any portion of 
an installment of deferred compensation under any deferred compensation 
program of Bank within seven days of the date such compensation is due; (F) 
the failure by Bank to continue in effect any material compensation or 
benefit plan in which Executive participated immediately prior to the 
Change in Control, unless an equitable arrangement (embodied in an ongoing 
substitute or alternative plan) has been made with respect to such plan, or 
the failure by Bank to continue Executive's participation therein (or in 
such substitute or alternative plan) on a basis not materially less 
favorable, both in terms of the amounts of benefits provided and the level 
of Executive's participation relative to other participants, as existed at 
the time of the Change in Control; (G) the failure of Bank to obtain a 
satisfactory agreement from any successor to assume and agree to perform 
this Agreement, as contemplated in Section 11 hereof; or (H) any purported 
termination of Executive's employment that is not effected pursuant to a 
Notice of Termination satisfying the requirements of Section 4(f)(v) 
hereof, which purported termination shall not be effective for purposes of 
this Agreement. (iv) Retirement. "Retirement" shall mean Executive's 
voluntary retirement from Bank in accordance with the retirement policy of 
Bank, including early retirement, generally applicable to its executives or 
in accordance with any retirement arrangement with respect to Executive 
established by the Board with the consent of Executive. (v) Notice of 
Termination. "Notice of Termination" shall mean notice indicating the 
specific termination provision in this Agreement relied upon and setting 
forth in reasonable detail the facts and circumstances claimed to provide a 
basis for termination of Executive's employment under the provision so 
indicated. (vi) Date of Termination. "Date of Termination" shall mean (A) 
if Executive's employment is terminated for Disability, 30 days after 
Notice of Termination is given (provided that Executive shall not have 
returned to the full-time performance of Executive's duties during such 
30-day period) or (B) if Executive's employment is terminated for any other 
reason, the date specified in the Notice of Termination (which, in the case 
of a termination for Cause, shall not be less than 30 days from the date 
such Notice of Termination is given and, in the case of a termination for 
Good Reason, shall not be less than 30 nor more than 60 days from the date 
such Notice of Termination is given). In all cases, however, the Date of 
Termination shall be determined in a manner consistent with the "separation 
from service" rules in effect under Section 409A of the Code. 5. 
Mitigation. ----------- So long as Executive shall not be in breach of any 
provisions of Sections 7 or 8, Executive shall not be required to mitigate 
the amount of payment provided for under this Agreement by seeking other 
employment or otherwise, nor shall the amount of payment or benefit 
provided for under this Agreement be reduced by any compensation earned by 
Executive as the result of employment by another employer, by retirement 
benefits, by offset against any amount claimed to be owed by Executive to 
Bank, or otherwise. -31- 6. Release. -------- As a condition of receiving 
payments or benefits provided for in this Agreement, at the request of 
Bank, or its successor, Executive shall execute and deliver for the benefit 
of Bank and any Controlling Person, a general release in substantially the 
form set forth in Attachment A hereto, and such release shall become 
effective in accordance with its terms. The failure or refusal of Executive 
to sign such a release or the revocation of such a release shall cause the 
termination of any and all obligations of Bank to make payments or provide 
benefits hereunder, and the forfeiture of Executive's right to receive any 
such payments and benefits, and will not absolve the Executive from his or 
her obligations hereunder. Executive acknowledges that Bank has advised 
Executive to consult with an attorney prior to signing this Agreement and 
that Executive has had an opportunity to do so. If any payments hereunder 
are conditioned upon the Executive's execution of a general release, and if 
the period for consideration and revocation of the general release spans 
two of the Executive's tax years, then the payment or payments at issue 
will be paid upon the later of (i) the end of the revocation period 
(assuming no revocation is made), or (ii) the first pay period occurring in 
the second tax year. 7. Confidential Information. ------------------------- 
Executive understand that in the course of Executive's employment by Bank, 
Executive will receive or have access to confidential information 
concerning the business or purposes of Bank which Bank desires to protect. 
Such confidential information shall be deemed to include, but not be 
limited to, Bank's customer lists and information, and employee lists, 
including, if known, personnel information and data. Executive agrees that 
Executive will not, at any time during the period ending two years after 
the Date of Termination, reveal to anyone outside Bank or use for 
Executive's own benefit any such information without specific written 
authorization by Bank. Executive further agrees not to use any such 
confidential information or trade secrets in competing with Bank at any 
time. 8. Non-Competition and Non-Disclosure; Non-Disparagement; Certain 
Forfeitures. -------------------------------------------------------------- 
(a) Non-Competition. In consideration for the compensation and benefits 
provided under this Agreement, without the consent in writing of the Board 
of Bank, Executive will not, at any time during the term of this Agreement 
and for a period of two years following Executive's termination of 
employment during the Protected Period, acting alone or in conjunction with 
others, directly or indirectly (i) engage (either as owner, investor, 
partner, stockholder, employer, employee, consultant, advisor, or director) 
in any business of any bank, bank holding company, savings bank, savings 
and loan association, savings and loan holding company, or other 
institution engaged in the business of accepting deposits or making loans, 
or any direct or indirect subsidiary or affiliate of any such entity, that 
maintains an office in any town in which Bank maintains an office as of 
Executive's date of termination or in any town in which Bank had plans to 
open an office within six months after Executive's date of termination; 
(ii) induce any customers of Bank or any of its affiliates with whom 
Executive had contacts or relationships, directly or indirectly, during and 
within the scope of Executive's employment with Bank, to curtail or cancel 
their business with Bank or any such affiliate; (iii) induce or attempt to 
influence any employee of Bank or any affiliate to terminate employment; or 
(iv) solicit, hire or retain as an employee or independent contractor, or 
assist any third party in the solicitation, hire, or retention as an 
employee or independent contractor, any person who during the previous 
twelve months was an employee of Bank or any such affiliate; provided, 
however, that activities engaged in by or on behalf of Bank are not 
restricted by this covenant. The provisions of clauses (i), (ii), (iii), 
and (iv) above are separate and distinct commitments, each independent of 
the other subparagraphs. It is agreed that the ownership of not more than 
one percent (1%) of the equity securities of any company having securities 
listed on an exchange or regularly traded in the over-the-counter market 
shall not, of itself, be deemed inconsistent with clause (i) of this 
Section 8(a). -32- (b) Non-Disparagement. Executive shall not, at any time 
during the term of this Agreement or thereafter, make statements or 
representations, or otherwise communicate, directly or indirectly, in 
writing, orally, or otherwise, or take any action which may, directly or 
indirectly, disparage Bank or any of its affiliates or their respective 
officers, directors, employees, advisors, businesses or reputations. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing in this Agreement shall preclude 
Executive from making truthful statements that are required by applicable 
law, regulation or legal process. (c) Injunction. Executive hereby 
acknowledges that Executive's services are unique and extraordinary, and 
are not readily replaceable, and hereby expressly agrees that Bank, in 
enforcing the covenants contained in Sections 7 and 8 herein, in addition 
to any other remedies provided for herein or otherwise available at law, 
shall be entitled in any court of equity having jurisdiction to an 
injunction restraining him in the event of a breach, actual or threatened, 
of the agreements and covenants contained in such Sections. (d) Scope. The 
parties hereto believe that the restrictive covenants contained in Sections 
7 and 8 hereof are reasonable. However, if at any time it shall be 
determined by any court of competent jurisdiction that these Sections or 
any portion of them as written, are unenforceable because the restrictions 
are unreasonable, the parties hereto agree that such portions as shall have 
been determined to be unreasonably restrictive shall thereupon be deemed so 
amended as to make such restrictions reasonable in the determination of 
such court, and the said covenants, as so modified, shall be enforceable 
between the parties to the same extent as if such amendments had been made 
prior to the date of any alleged breach of said covenants. (e) Provision 
Not Applicable. The provisions of this Section 8 shall not apply if Bank 
shall be prohibited under Section 14 below from making any payments to 
Executive pursuant to Section 4(b) above. 9. Right of Discharge. 
------------------- Subject to the obligations to make the payments 
specified in Section 4(b), and subject to the obligations of Bank under any 
employment agreement that may exist between Bank and Executive, it is 
expressly agreed that, except as set forth in Section 3 above, Bank shall 
have the right to discharge or terminate Executive at any time and for any 
reason, or no reason. 10. Exclusivity. ------------ It is understood and 
agreed that if any payments are due and made to Executive under this 
Agreement then no payments will be due or required, and Bank shall not in 
any respect be obligated to Executive, under any severance pay plan, 
agreement, or arrangement that might otherwise be applicable to Executive, 
or under or by reason of any employment severance pay or similar agreement 
between Bank and Executive, including without limitation the Executive 
Severance Pay Agreement executed on the same date as this Agreement. -33- 
11. Successors; Binding Agreement. ------------------------------ (a) Bank 
shall require any successor (whether direct or indirect, by purchase, 
merger, consolidation or otherwise) to all or substantially all of the 
business and/or assets of Bank, and in the case of an acquisition of Bank 
in which the corporate existence of Bank continues, the ultimate parent 
company following such acquisition, to expressly assume and agree to 
perform this Agreement in the same manner and to the same extent that Bank 
would be required to perform it if no such succession had taken place. As 
used in this Agreement, "Bank" shall mean Bank as hereinbefore defined and 
any successor to its business and/or assets as aforesaid which assumes and 
agrees to perform this Agreement by operation of law, or otherwise. (b) 
This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be enforceable by 
Executive and Executive's personal or legal representatives, executors, 
administrators, successors, heirs, distributees, devisees and legatees. In 
the event of Executive's death following becoming entitled to payments 
hereunder but prior to completion of such payments, all amounts otherwise 
payable to Executive hereunder shall, unless otherwise provided herein, be 
paid in accordance with the terms of this Agreement to Executive's devisee, 
legatee or other designee or, if there is no such designee, to Executive's 
estate. 12. Notice. ------- Notices and all other communications provided 
for in this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been 
duly given when (a) personally delivered, (b) sent by Federal Express or 
other similar overnight service or (c) mailed by United States certified or 
registered mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, addressed to 
the respective addresses set forth below, or to such other address as 
either party may have furnished to the other in writing in accordance 
herewith, except that notice of change of address shall be effective only 
upon receipt. In the case of Federal Express or other similar overnight 
service, such notice or advice shall be effective when sent, and, in the 
cases of certified or registered mail, shall be effective two days after 
deposit into the mail by delivery to the U.S. Post Office. If to Executive, 
to: Michael T. Sheahan 7 Carriage Hill Drive Wolcott, CT 06716 If to Bank, 
to: Simsbury Bank & Trust Company 981 Hopmeadow Street Simsbury, CT 06070 
Attn: President and Chief Executive Officer 13. Dispute Resolution. 
------------------- (a) Negotiation. Bank and Executive shall attempt in 
good faith to resolve any dispute arising out of or relating to this 
Agreement promptly by negotiation between the designated representative of 
the Board of Bank and Executive. Any party may give the other party written 
notice of any dispute in accordance with the notice procedures set forth in 
Section 12. Within 15 days after delivery of the notice, the receiving 
party shall submit to the other, in accordance with the notice procedures 
set forth in Section 12, a written response. The notice and response shall 
include a statement of that party's position and summary of arguments 
supporting that position. Within 30 days after delivery of the initial 
notice, the parties shall meet at a mutually acceptable time and place, and 
thereafter as often as they reasonably deem necessary, to attempt to 
resolve the dispute. All negotiations pursuant to this clause are 
confidential and shall be treated as compromise and settlement negotiations 
for purposes of applicable rules of evidence. -34- (b) Mediation. If the 
dispute has not been resolved by negotiation as provided herein within 45 
days after delivery of the initial notice of negotiation, or if the parties 
failed to meet within 30 days after delivery, the parties shall endeavor to 
settle the dispute by mediation under the CPR Mediation Procedure then 
currently in effect; provided, however, that if one party fails to 
participate in the negotiation as provided herein, the other party may 
initiate mediation prior to the expiration of the 45 days. Unless otherwise 
agreed, the parties will select a mediator from the CPR Panels of 
Distinguished Neutrals. (c) Arbitration. Any dispute arising under or in 
connection with this Agreement which has not been resolved by mediation as 
provided herein within 45 days after initiation of the mediation procedure, 
shall be finally resolved by arbitration in accordance with the CPR Rules 
for Non-Administered Arbitration then currently in effect, by three 
independent and impartial arbitrators, of whom each party shall designate 
one and the two so designated shall designate the third; provided, however, 
that if one party fails to participate in either the negotiation or 
mediation as agreed herein, the other party may commence arbitration prior 
to the expiration of the time periods set forth above. The arbitration 
shall be governed by the Federal Arbitration Act, 9 U.S.C. ss. 1-16, and 
judgment upon the award rendered by the arbitrators may be entered by any 
court having jurisdiction thereof. The place of arbitration shall be 
Hartford, Connecticut. For purposes of entering any judgment upon an award 
rendered by the arbitrators, Bank and Executive hereby consent to the 
jurisdiction of any or all of the following courts: (i) the United States 
District Court for the District of Connecticut, (ii) any of the courts of 
the State of Connecticut, or (iii) any other court having jurisdiction. 
Bank and Executive hereby agree that a judgment upon an award rendered by 
the arbitrators may be enforced in other jurisdictions by suit on the 
judgment or in any other manner provided by law. Subject to subsection (e) 
of this Section 13, Bank shall bear all costs and expenses arising in 
connection with any arbitration proceeding pursuant to this Section 13(c). 
Notwithstanding any provision in this Section 13(c), Executive shall be 
entitled to seek specific performance of Executive's right to be paid 
during the pendency of any dispute or controversy arising under or in 
connection with this Agreement. (d) Interest on Unpaid Amounts. Any amount 
which has become payable pursuant to the terms of this Agreement or any 
decision by arbitrators or judgment by a court of law pursuant to this 
Section 13 but which has not been timely paid shall bear interest at the 
prime rate as quoted by Bank at the time such amount first becomes payable. 
(e) Costs of Proceedings. Bank shall pay all costs and expenses, including 
all attorneys' fees and disbursements, of Bank and, at least monthly, 
Executive, in connection with any proceedings undertaken pursuant to this 
Section 13, whether or not instituted by Bank, or Executive, relating to 
the interpretation or enforcement of any provision of this Agreement; 
provided that if Executive instituted the proceeding and a finding is 
entered that Executive instituted the proceeding in bad faith, Executive 
shall pay all of Executive's costs and expenses, including attorneys' fees 
and disbursements. Any payments made under this Section 13(e) shall be in 
conformance with Section 4(b)(xi) above. -35- 14. Regulatory Limitation. 
---------------------- Notwithstanding any other provision of this 
Agreement, Bank shall not be obligated to make, and Executive shall have no 
right to receive, any payment, benefit or amount under this Agreement which 
would violate any law, regulation or regulatory order applicable to Bank or 
its parent at the time such payment, benefit or amount is due, including, 
without limitation, Section 1828(k)(1) of Title 12 of the United States 
Code and any regulation or order thereunder of the Federal Deposit 
Insurance Corporation ("Prohibited Payment"). If and to the extent Bank 
shall at a later date be relieved of the restriction on its ability to make 
any Prohibited Payment, then at such time Bank shall promptly make payment 
of any such amounts to Executive. 15. Miscellaneous. -------------- No 
provision of this Agreement may be modified, waived or discharged unless 
such waiver, modification or discharge is agreed to in writing and signed 
by Executive and such officer as may be designated by the Board. No waiver 
by either party hereto at any time of any breach by the other party hereto 
of, or compliance with, any condition or provision of this Agreement to be 
performed by such other party shall be deemed a waiver of similar or 
dissimilar provisions or conditions at the time or at any prior or 
subsequent time. The validity, interpretation, construction and performance 
of this Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the State of Connecticut 
without regard to its conflicts of law principles. All references to 
sections of the Exchange Act or the Code shall be deemed also to refer to 
any successor provisions to such sections. Any payments provided for 
hereunder shall be paid net of any applicable withholding required under 
federal, state or local law. The obligations of Bank and Executive under 
this Agreement shall survive the expiration of this Agreement to the extent 
necessary to give effect to this Agreement. 16. Validity. --------- The 
invalidity or unenforceability of any provision of this Agreement shall not 
affect the validity or enforceability of any other provision of this 
Agreement, which shall remain in full force and effect. 17. Counterparts. 
------------- This Agreement may be executed in counterparts, each of which 
shall be deemed to be an original but all of which together will constitute 
one and the same instrument. 18. Entire Agreement. ----------------- This 
Agreement sets forth the entire agreement of the parties hereto in respect 
of the subject matter contained herein and during the term of this 
Agreement supersedes the provisions of all prior agreements, promises, 
covenants, arrangements, communications, representations or warranties, 
whether oral or written, by any officer, employee or representative of any 
party hereof with respect to the subject matter contained herein. No 
agreements or representations, oral or otherwise, express or implied, with 
respect to the subject matter hereof have been made by either party which 
are not expressly set forth in this Agreement. Notwithstanding anything to 
the contrary in this Agreement, the procedural provisions of this Agreement 
shall apply to all benefits payable as a result of a Change in Control (or 
other change in control) under any employee benefit plan, agreement, 
program, policy or arrangement of Bank. -36- IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Bank has 
caused this Agreement to be executed by a duly authorized officer, and 
Executive has executed this Agreement, as of the 2nd day of November, 2010. 
SIMSBURY BANK AND TRUST COMPANY By /s/ Martin J. Geitz 
-------------------------------------------- Martin J. Geitz Its President 
and Chief Executive Officer EXECUTIVE /s/ Michael T. Sheahan 
---------------------------------------------- Michael T. Sheahan -37- 
ATTACHMENT A RELEASE We advise Executive to consult an attorney before 
Executive signs this Release. Executive have until the date which is seven 
(7) days after the Release is signed and returned to Simsbury Bank and 
Trust Company ("Bank") to change Executive's mind and revoke this Release. 
Executive's Release shall not become effective or enforceable until after 
that date. In consideration for the benefits provided under Executive's 
Change in Control Severance Agreement with Bank effective 2nd day of 
November, 2010 (the "Agreement"), and more specifically enumerated in 
Exhibit 1 hereto, by Executive's signature below, Executive, for and on 
behalf of Executive, Executive's heirs, executors, agents, representatives, 
successors and assigns, hereby release and forever discharge Bank its past 
and present parent corporations, subsidiaries, divisions, subdivisions, 
affiliates and related companies (collectively, the "Company") and the 
Company's past, present and future agents, directors, officers, employees, 
representatives, successors and assigns (hereinafter "those associated with 
the Company") with respect to any and all claims, demands, actions and 
liabilities, whether in law or equity, which Executive may have against the 
Company or those associated with the Company of whatever kind, including 
but not limited to those arising out of Executive's employment with the 
Company or the termination of that employment. Executive agree that this 
release covers, but is not limited to, claims arising under the Age 
Discrimination in Employment Act of 1967, 29 U.S.C. ss. 621 et seq., Title 
VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, 42 U.S.C. ss. 2000e et seq., the 
Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990, 42 U.S.C. ss. 12101 et seq., the 
Fair Labor Standards Act, 29 U.S.C. ss. 201 et seq., the Employee 
Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, 29 U.S.C. ss. 1001 et seq., the 
Connecticut Fair Employment Practices Act, C.G.S. ss. 46a-51 et seq., and 
any other local, state or federal law, regulation or order dealing with 
discrimination in employment on the basis of sex, race, color, national 
origin, veteran status, marital status, religion, disability, handicap, or 
age. Executive also agree that this release includes claims based on 
wrongful termination of employment, breach of contract (express or 
implied), tort, or claims otherwise related to Executive's employment or 
termination of employment with the Company and any claim for attorneys' 
fees, expenses or costs of litigation. This Release covers all claims based 
on any facts or events, whether known or unknown by Executive, that 
occurred on or before the date of this Release. Except to enforce this 
Release, Executive agree that Executive will never commence, prosecute, or 
cause to be commenced or prosecuted any lawsuit or proceeding of any kind 
against the Company or those associated with the Company in any forum and 
agree to withdraw with prejudice all complaints or charges, if any, that 
Executive have filed against the Company or those associated with the 
Company. Anything in this Release to the contrary notwithstanding, this 
Release does not include a release of: (i) Executive's rights under the 
Agreement or Executive's right to enforce the Agreement; (ii) any rights 
Executive may have to indemnification under any agreement, law, Company 
organizational document or policy, or otherwise; (iii) except as expressly 
provided in the Agreement, any rights Executive may have to benefits under 
the Company's benefit plans; or (iv) Executive's right to enforce this 
Release. By signing this Release, Executive further agree as follows: i. 
Executive has read this Release carefully and fully understand its terms; 
-38- ii. Executive has had at least twenty-one (21) days to consider the 
terms of the Release; iii. Executive has seven (7) days from the date 
Executive signs this Release to revoke it by written notification to the 
Company. After this seven (7) day period, this Release is final and binding 
and may not be revoked; iv. Executive has been advised to seek legal 
counsel and have had an opportunity to do so; v. Executive would not 
otherwise be entitled to the benefits provided under Executive's Agreement 
had Executive not agreed to execute this Release; and vi. Executive's 
agreement to the terms set forth above is voluntary. IN WITNESS WHEREOF, 
Executive has executed and delivered this release at Simsbury, Connecticut 
on the date indicated below. Name:________________________________________ 
Signature:___________________________________ Date: -39-