 EX-10.2 3 a10-17611_1ex10d2.htm EX-10.2
Exhibit 10.2
 
FLANDERS 155 LLC
 
155 Flanders Road
 
Westborough, Massachusetts
 
Lease to
 
A123 SYSTEMS, INC.
 
THE SUBMISSION OF THIS LEASE FOR EXAMINATION, REVIEW, NEGOTIATION AND/OR 
SIGNATURE SHALL NOT CONSTITUTE AN OFFER OR AN OPTION TO LEASE OR A 
RESERVATION OF THE PREMISES AND IS SUBJECT TO WITHDRAWAL OR MODIFICATION AT 
ANY TIME BY EITHER PARTY.  THIS LEASE SHALL BECOME EFFECTIVE AND BINDING 
ONLY IF AND WHEN IT SHALL BE EXECUTED AND DELIVERED BY BOTH LANDLORD AND 
TENANT.
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
Table Of Contents By Articles And Sections
 
ARTICLE
 
SECTION
 
PAGE
 
 
 
 
 
 ARTICLE 1 Reference Data and Definitions
 
1
  
 
 
 
 
1.01
Reference Data
 
1
 
 
1.02
General Provisions
 
3
 
 
1.03
Terms Defined
 
4
 
 
 
 
 
 
 ARTICLE 2 Premises
 
11
  
 
 
 
 
2.01
Premises
 
11
 
 
2.02
Appurtenances
 
11
 
 
2.03
Reservations By Landlord
 
11
 
 
 
 
 
 
 ARTICLE 3 Term
 
11
  
 
 
 
 
3.01
Term Commencement
 
11
 
 
3.02
Termination
 
11
 
 
 
 
 
 
 ARTICLE 4 Rent
 
12
  
 
 
 
 
4.01
Basic Rent
 
12
 
 
4.02
Computation of Basic Rent
 
12
 
 
 
 
 
 
 ARTICLE 5 Use of Premises
 
12
  
 
 
 
 
5.01
Use Restricted
 
12
 
 
5.02
Rules and Regulations
 
12
 
 
 
 
 
 
 ARTICLE 6 Taxes; Operating Expenses; Estimated Cost of Electrical Services
 
12
  
 
 
 
 
6.01
Expenses and Taxes
 
12
 
 
6.02
Annual Statement of Additional Rent Due
 
13
 
 
6.03
Monthly Payments of Additional Rent
 
13
 
 
6.04
Accounting Periods
 
13
 
 
6.05
Abatement of Taxes
 
13
 
 
6.06
Electric and Gas Service
 
14
 
 
6.07
Late Payment of Rent and Late Charges
 
14
 
 
6.08
Tenant Audit Right
 
15
 
 
 
 
 
 
 ARTICLE 7 Improvements, Repairs, Additions, Replacements
 
16
  
 
 
 
 
7.01
Preparation of the Premises
 
16
 
 
7.02
Alterations and Improvements
 
16
 
 
7.03
Maintenance By Tenant
 
18
 
 
7.04
Redelivery
 
18
 
 
 
 
 
 
 ARTICLE 8 Landlord’s Obligations
 
18
  
 
 
 
 
8.01
Maintenance By Landlord
 
18
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
ARTICLE
 
SECTION
 
PAGE
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
8.02
Limitations on Landlord’s Liability
 
19
 
 
8.03
Tenant’s Right to Self Help
 
19
 
 
 
 
 
 
 ARTICLE 9 Tenant’s Particular Covenants
 
19
  
 
 
 
 
9.01
Pay Rent
 
19
 
 
9.02
Occupancy of the Premises
 
19
 
 
9.03
Safety
 
20
 
 
9.04
Equipment
 
20
 
 
9.05
Electrical Requirements
 
20
 
 
9.06
Pay Taxes
 
20
 
 
 
 
 
 
 ARTICLE 10 Requirements of Public Authority
 
20
  
 
 
 
 
10.01
Legal Requirements
 
20
 
 
10.02
Contests
 
21
 
 
 
 
 
 
 ARTICLE 11 Covenant Against Liens
 
22
  
 
 
 
 
11.01
Mechanics’ Liens
 
22
 
 
11.02
Right to Discharge
 
22
 
 
 
 
 
 
 ARTICLE 12 Access to Premises
 
22
  
 
 
 
 
12.01
Access
 
22
 
 
 
 
 
 
 ARTICLE 13 Assignment and Subletting: Occupancy Arrangements
 
23
  
 
 
 
 
13.01
Subletting and Assignment
 
23
 
 
 
 
 
 
 ARTICLE 14 Indemnity
 
24
  
 
 
 
 
14.01
Tenant’s Indemnity
 
24
 
 
14.02
Landlord’s Liability
 
25
 
 
 
 
 
 
 ARTICLE 15 Insurance
 
25
  
 
 
 
 
15.01
Liability Insurance
 
25
 
 
15.02
Casualty Insurance
 
25
 
 
15.03
Certificates
 
25
 
 
15.04
Landlord Insurance
 
26
 
 
 
 
 
 
 ARTICLE 16 Waiver of Subrogation
 
26
  
 
 
 
 
16.01
Waiver of Subrogation
 
26
 
 
16.02
Waiver of Rights
 
26
 
 
 
 
 
 
 ARTICLE 17 Damage or Destruction
 
26
  
 
 
 
 
17.01
Damage by Fire, Casualty, Eminent Domain
 
26
 
ii
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
ARTICLE
 
SECTION
 
PAGE
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
17.02
Restoration
 
28
 
 
 
 
 
 
 ARTICLE 18 Eminent Domain
 
28
  
 
 
 
 
18.01
Total Taking
 
28
 
 
18.02
Partial Taking
 
28
 
 
18.03
Awards and Proceeds
 
28
 
 
 
 
 
 
 ARTICLE 19 Quiet Enjoyment; Mortgagee’s Rights
 
29
  
 
 
 
 
19.01
Landlord’s Covenant
 
29
 
 
19.02
Superiority of Lease: Option to Subordinate
 
29
 
 
19.03
Notice to Mortgagee
 
29
 
 
19.04
Other Provisions Regarding Mortgagees
 
29
 
 
 
 
 
 
 ARTICLE 20 Defaults; Events of Default
 
30
  
 
 
 
 
20.01
Defaults
 
30
 
 
20.02
Extended Cure Period
 
30
 
 
 
 
 
 
 ARTICLE 21 Insolvency
 
31
  
 
 
 
 
21.01
Insolvency
 
31
 
 
 
 
 
 
 ARTICLE 22 Landlord’s Remedies; Damages on Default
 
31
  
 
 
 
 
22.01
Landlord’s Remedies
 
31
 
 
22.02
Surrender
 
31
 
 
22.03
Right to Relet
 
31
 
 
22.04
Survival of Covenants
 
32
 
 
22.05
Right to Equitable Relief
 
33
 
 
22.06
Landlord’s Right to Self Help; Interest on Overdue Rent
 
33
 
 
22.07
Payment of Landlord’s Cost of Enforcement
 
33
 
 
22.08
Further Remedies
 
33
 
 
 
 
 
 
 ARTICLE 23 Waivers; Landlord Default
 
34
  
 
 
 
 
23.01
No Waivers
 
34
 
 
23.02
Landlord Default
 
34
 
 
 
 
 
 
 ARTICLE 24 Security Deposit
 
34
  
 
 
 
 
24.01
Security Deposit
 
34
 
 
 
 
 
 
 ARTICLE 25 General Provisions
 
35
  
 
 
 
 
25.01
Force Majeure
 
35
 
 
25.02
Notices and Communications
 
35
 
iii
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
ARTICLE
 
SECTION
 
PAGE
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
25.03
Tenant Estoppel Certificate
 
35
 
 
25.04
Governing Law
 
36
 
 
25.05
Partial Invalidity
 
36
 
 
25.06
Notice of Lease
 
36
 
 
25.07
Interpretation
 
36
 
 
25.08
Bind and Inure; Limitation of Landlord’s Liability
 
36
 
 
25.09
Parties
 
37
 
 
 
 
 
 
 ARTICLE 26 Miscellaneous
 
37
  
 
 
 
 
26.01
Holdover
 
37
 
 
26.02
Reciprocal Litigation Costs
 
37
 
 
26.03
Brokerage
 
37
 
 
26.04
Landlord’s Expenses Regarding Consents
 
37
 
 
26.05
Financial Statements
 
38
 
 
26.06
Signage
 
38
 
 
26.07
Option to Extend Term
 
38
 
 
26.08
Tenant’s Option to Terminate
 
39
 
 
26.09
Expansion; Right of First Offer
 
39
 
 
26.10
HVAC
 
41
 
 
26.11
Generator
 
42
 
 
26.12
LN2 Tank
 
42
 
 
26.13
Test Trailer
 
42
 
 
26.14
Patio
 
42
 
 
26.15
Smoking Area
 
42
 
 
26.16
Loading
 
42
 
 
26.17
Parking
 
43
 
 
26.18
Roof
 
43
 
 
26.19
Compliance with Laws
 
43
 
 
26.20
Environmental
 
43
 
 
26.21
Expedited Arbitration
 
43
 
 
26.22
Landlord Cooperation
 
45
 
 
 
 
 
 
 ARTICLE 27 Entire Agreement
 
45
  
 
 
 
 
27.01
Entire Agreement
 
45
 
iv
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
FLANDERS 155 LLC
155 Flanders Road
Westborough, Massachusetts
 
LEASE EXHIBITS
 
Exhibit A:
 
Legal Description
 
47
 
 
 
 
 
Exhibit B:
 
Plan Showing Tenant’s Space
 
48
 
 
 
 
 
Exhibit C:
 
Tenant Allowance and Landlord’s Work Obligations
 
49
 
 
 
 
 
Exhibit D:
 
Services to be Provided by Landlord as Operating Expenses
 
52
 
 
 
 
 
Exhibit E:
 
Rules and Regulations
 
53
 
 
 
 
 
Exhibit F:
 
Tenant Estoppel Certificate
 
55
 
 
 
 
 
Exhibit G:
 
Agreement of Subordination Nondisturbance and Attornment
 
58
 
 
 
 
 
Exhibit H:
 
Certificate of Vote
 
62
 
 
 
 
 
Exhibit I:
 
Parking
 
63
 
 
 
 
 
Exhibit J:
 
Trash Removal
 
64
 
 
 
 
 
Exhibit K:
 
Tenant Improvement Plans
 
65
 
v
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
FLANDERS 155 LLC
155 Flanders Road
Westborough, Massachusetts
 
LEASE
 
STANDARD FORM
 
THIS LEASE by and between FLANDERS 155 LLC, a Massachusetts limited 
liability company, (“Landlord”) having a principal place of business at 116 
Flanders Road, Suite 2000, Westborough, Massachusetts 01581, and A123 
SYSTEMS, INC., a duly organized and existing Delaware corporation 
(“Tenant”) having a principal place of business at 321 Arsenal Street, 
Watertown, Massachusetts 02472 (Tenant Address).
 
W I T N E S S E T H :
 
ARTICLE 1
Reference Data and Definitions
 
        1.01        Reference Data
 
LANDLORD:
 
Flanders 155 LLC
 
 
 
LANDLORD’S REPRESENTATIVE:
 
Mr. Marc R. Verreault
Senior Vice President, Finance
Flanders 155 LLC
 
 
 
LANDLORD’S ADDRESS:
(FOR PAYMENT OF RENT)
 
Flanders 155 LLC
116 Flanders Road, Suite 2000
Westborough, Massachusetts 01581
 
 
 
LANDLORD’S ADDRESS
(FOR NOTICE):
 
Mr. Christopher F. Egan and
Mr. Marc R. Verreault
Flanders 155 LLC
116 Flanders Road, Suite 2000
Westborough, MA 01581
 
 
 
With a copy to:   
 
Joseph Jenkins, Esquire
116 Flanders Road, Suite 1100
Westborough, MA 01581
 
 
Telephone:
508-898-3900
 
 
Facsimile:
508-898-9777
 
 
 
LANDLORD’S PHONE NUMBER:
 
508-898-3800
 
1
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
LANDLORD’S FACSIMILE NUMBER:
 
508-898-3005
 
 
 
TENANT:
 
A123 Systems, Inc.
 
 
 
TENANT’S ADDRESS:
 
A123 Systems, Inc.
321 Arsenal Street
Watertown, MA 02472
Attn: General Counsel
 
 
Telephone:
617-778-5700
 
 
Facsimile:
617-924-8910
 
 
 
With a copy to:     
 
Wilmer Cutler Pickering Hale and Dorr LLP
60 State Street
Boston, MA 02109
 
 
Telephone:
617-526-6000
 
 
Facsimile:
617-526-5000
 
 
Email:  paul.jakubowski@wilmerhale.com
 
 
 
TENANT’S REPRESENTATIVE:
 
John Pinho, Director of Facilities
 
 
 
PREMISES:
 
The portion of the Building shown on Exhibit B attached hereto.
 
 
 
RENTABLE AREA
OF PREMISES:
 
66,863 Square Feet.
 
 
 
RENTABLE AREA
OF THE BUILDING:
 
88,983 Square Feet.
 
 
 
TERM COMMENCEMENT DATE:
 
The Term Commencement Date shall be as defined in Section 7.01.
 
 
 
BASIC RENT COMMENCEMENT DATE:
 
The Basic Rent Commencement Date shall be February 1, 2011.
 
 
 
STATED EXPIRATION
DATE:
 
The Stated Expiration Date shall be January 31, 2021.
 
2
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
BASIC RENT:
 
SEE SCHEDULE BELOW:
 
FROM
 
TO
 
MONTHLY RENT
 
ANNUAL RENT
 
 The Term Commencement Date
 
January 31, 2011
 
$
0.00
 
$
0.00
 
 February 1, 2011
 
December 31, 2015
 
$
33,425.00
 
$
401,100.00
 
 January 1, 2016
 
January 31, 2021
 
$
38,995.83
 
$
467,950.00
 
 
TENANT’S SHARE:
 
75.24%
 
 
 
GUARANTOR:
 
None
 
 
 
PERMITTED USES:
 
Research and development, design, fabrication, component assembly, 
installation and testing of electric hybrid automotive and power solutions 
and administrative/general office use, warehousing, distribution and other 
lawful uses related to Tenant’s business operations.
 
 
 
SECURITY DEPOSIT:
 
$155,983.32
 
        1.02        General Provisions.
         
For all purposes of the Lease unless otherwise expressed and provided 
herein or therein or unless the context otherwise requires:
 
        (a)           The words herein, hereof, hereunder and other words
        of similar import refer to the Lease as a whole and not to any
        particular article, section or other subdivision of this Lease.
         
        (b)           A pronoun in one gender includes and applies to the
        other gender as well.
         
        (c)           Each definition stated in Section 1.01 or 1.03 of
        this Lease applies equally to the singular and the plural forms of
        the term or expression defined.
         
        (d)           Any reference to a document defined in Section 1.03
        of this Lease is to such document as originally executed, or, if
        modified, amended or supplemented in accordance with the provisions
        of this Lease, to such document as so modified, amended or
        supplemented and in effect at the relevant time of reference
        thereto.
         
        (e)           All accounting terms not otherwise defined herein
        have the meanings assigned to them in accordance with generally
        accepted accounting principles.
 
3
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
        (f)            All references in Section 1.01 hereof are subject to
        the specified definitions thereof (if any) in Section 1.03 hereof.
         
        1.03        Terms Defined.
         
Each term or expression set forth above in Section 1.01 hereof or below in 
this Section 1.03 has the meaning stated immediately after it.
 
Additional Landlord’s Work.  The work to be done by Landlord, entitled 
Additional Landlord Work, as described in Exhibit C.
 
Additional Rent.  All sums which Tenant shall be obligated to pay hereunder 
other than Basic Rent.
 
Affiliate.  With respect to any specified Person, any other Person directly 
or indirectly controlling or controlled by or under direct or indirect 
common control with such specified Person.  For the purposes of this 
definition, the term “control”, when used with respect to any specified 
Person, means the power to direct the management and policies of such 
Person, directly or indirectly, whether through the ownership of voting 
securities, by contract or otherwise, and the terms “controlling” and 
“controlled by” have meanings correlative to the foregoing.
 
Authorizations.  All franchises, licenses, permits and other governmental 
consents issued by Governmental Authorities pursuant to Legal Requirements 
which are or may be required for the use and occupancy of the Premises or 
the conduct or continuation of a Permitted Use therein.
 
Building. The Building located at 155 Flanders Road, Westborough, 
Massachusetts.
 
Calendar Year.  The First Calendar Year, the Last Calendar Year and each 
full calendar year (January 1 through December 31) occurring during the 
Lease Term.
 
Common Areas.  All areas devoted to the common use of occupants of the 
Building or the provision of Services to the Building, including but not 
limited to two (2) electrical rooms.  In the event Tenant exercises its 
expansion right pursuant to Section 26.09, the entire Building shall be for 
Tenant’s sole use and there shall be no Common Areas within the Building.
 
Control.  As defined in the definition of Affiliate.
 
Corporation.  A corporation, company, association, limited liability 
company, business trust or similar organization wherever formed.
 
Default.  Any event or condition specified in Article 20 hereof so long as 
any applicable requirement for the giving of notice or lapse of time or 
both have not been fulfilled.
 
Event of Default.  Any event or condition specified in (a) Article 20 
hereof (if all applicable periods for cure after the giving of notice or 
lapse of time or both have expired) or (b) in Article 21 hereof.
 
4
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
First Calendar Year.  The partial Calendar Year period commencing on the 
Term Commencement Date and ending on the next succeeding December 31.
 
Force Majeure.  Acts of God, strikes, lockouts, labor troubles,  inability 
to procure materials, failure of power, restrictive Legal Requirements, 
riots and insurrection, acts of public enemy, wars, earthquakes, hurricanes 
and other natural disasters, fires, explosions, other causes beyond a 
party’s reasonable control, or any act, failure to act or Default of the 
other party to this Lease;  provided, however, lack of money shall not be 
deemed such a cause.
 
Governmental Authority.  United States of America, the Commonwealth of 
Massachusetts, the Town of Westborough, County of Worcester, and any 
political subdivision thereof and any agency, department, commission, 
board, bureau or instrumentality of any of them.
 
Insolvency.  The occurrence with respect to any Person of one or more of 
the following events: the death, dissolution, termination of existence 
(other than by merger or consolidation), insolvency, appointment of a 
receiver for all or substantially all of the property of such Person, the 
making of a fraudulent conveyance or the execution of an assignment or 
trust mortgage for the benefit of creditors by such Person, or the filing 
of a petition in bankruptcy or the commencement of any proceedings by or 
against such Person under a bankruptcy, insolvency or other law relating to 
the relief or the adjustment of indebtedness, rehabilitation or 
reorganization of debtors; provided that if such petition or commencement 
is involuntarily made against such a Person and is dismissed within sixty 
(60) days of the date of such filing or commencement, such event shall not 
constitute an Insolvency hereunder.
 
Insurance Requirements.  All terms of any policy of insurance maintained by 
Landlord or Tenant and applicable to (or affecting any condition, 
operation, use or occupancy of) the Building or the Premises or any part or 
parts of either and all requirements of the issuer of any such policy and 
all orders, rules, regulations and other requirements of the National Board 
of Fire Underwriters (or any other body exercising similar functions).
 
Land.  The land located at 155 Flanders Road, Westborough, Massachusetts, 
County of Worcester, Commonwealth of Massachusetts, described in Exhibit A.
 
Last Calendar Year.  The partial Calendar Year commencing on January 1 of 
the Calendar Year in which the Lease Termination Date occurs and ending on 
the Lease Termination Date.
 
Lease Term.  The period commencing on the Term Commencement Date and ending 
on the Lease Termination Date.
 
Lease Termination Date.  The earliest to occur of (1) the Stated Expiration 
Date, (2) the termination of this Lease by Landlord as the result of an 
Event of Default, (3) the termination of this Lease pursuant to Article 17 
(Damage or Destruction) or Article 18 (Eminent Domain) hereof, or (4) the 
termination of this Lease pursuant to Section 26.08 (Tenant’s Option to 
Terminate).
 
Lease Year.  A period commencing on the Term Commencement Date (or an 
anniversary thereof) and ending on the day before the next succeeding 
anniversary thereof.  For example, the first Lease Year is
 
5
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
a period commencing on the Term Commencement Date and ending on the day 
before the first anniversary thereof.  The last Lease Year shall end on the 
Lease Termination Date.
 
Legal Requirements.  All laws, statutes, codes, ordinances (and all rules 
and regulations thereunder), all executive orders and other administrative 
orders, judgments, decrees, injunctions and other judicial orders of or by 
any Governmental Authority which may at any time be applicable to the 
Building or the Premises or to any condition or use thereof and the 
provisions of all Authorizations.
 
Occupancy Arrangement.  With respect to the Premises or any portion 
thereof, and whether (a) written or unwritten or (b) for all or any portion 
of the Lease Term, an assignment, a sublease, a tenancy at will, a tenancy 
at sufferance, or any other arrangement (including but not limited to a 
license or concession) pursuant to which a Person occupies, or shall have 
the right to occupy, the Premises for any purpose.
 
Operating Expenses.  All reasonable expenses, costs, and disbursements of 
every kind and nature which Landlord incurs during the Term in connection 
with the operation and maintenance of the Building (including all 
facilities in operation on the Term Commencement Date and such additional 
facilities which are necessary or beneficial for the operation of the 
Building), including, but not limited to (a) wages, salaries, fees and 
costs to Landlord of all Persons at or below the grade of Property manager 
engaged in connection therewith, including taxes, insurance, and benefits 
relating thereto (but with respect to employees who are engaged both at the 
Building and other buildings, all such costs shall be appropriately 
allocated); (b) the cost of (i) all supplies and materials, electricity and 
lighting, (ii) water, heat, air conditioning, and ventilating, (iii) all 
maintenance, janitorial, and service agreements, (iv) all insurance, 
including the cost of casualty and liability insurance, (v) repairs and 
maintenance including, without limitation, Landlord’s costs and expenses of 
performing its obligations under Section 8.01 but excluding costs and 
expenses which may be capital in nature except to the extent permitted 
under clause (vi) following, (vi) capital expenditures which are primarily 
for the purpose of reducing Operating Expenses or which may be required by 
a Governmental Authority, amortized over the reasonable life of the capital 
items with the reasonable life and amortization schedule being determined 
by Landlord in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
(provided that in the event the reasonably estimated annual savings arising 
from the installation of any such capital improvement intended to reduce 
Operating Expenses shall exceed such annual amortization, Operating 
Expenses shall include, in lieu of such amortization, such estimated annual 
savings until the cost of such improvement shall have been completely 
amortized), (vii) pursuing an application for an abatement of taxes 
pursuant to Section 6.05 hereof to the extent not deducted from the 
abatement, if any, received; (viii) an allocable portion of Landlord’s 
independent auditor and central accounting expenses; (c) management fees at 
the rate of 3.5% of gross collections; and (d) the cost to Landlord of 
operating, repairing and maintaining exterior common areas and facilities, 
including those services listed on “Exhibit D” attached hereto, which may 
not be located entirely on the Land but which may be used for parking or 
for landscaping, security and maintenance for common roadways and open 
areas.
 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in this Lease, Operating 
Expenses shall not include the following:
 
6
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
    (i)            any ground or underlying lease rental;
     
    (ii)           bad debt expenses and interest, principal, points and
    fees on debts or amortization on any mortgage or other debt instrument
    encumbering the Building or the Land;
     
    (iii)          costs which may be considered capital improvements,
    capital repairs, capital changes (including capital improvements to the
    Building systems) or any other capital costs as determined under
    generally accepted accounting principles except for capital
    expenditures expressly permitted pursuant to clause (vi) in the
    preceding paragraph and except that, notwithstanding any other
    provisions of this to the contrary, the cost of replacing any HVAC
    Equipment shall be an Operating Expense in the year incurred;
     
    (iv)         rentals for items which if purchased, rather than rented,
    would constitute a capital cost;
     
    (v)          costs incurred by Landlord to the extent that Landlord is
    reimbursed by insurance proceeds or is otherwise reimbursed;
     
    (vi)         depreciation, amortization and interest payments, except
    on equipment, materials, tools, supplies and vendor type equipment
    purchased by Landlord to enable Landlord to supply services Landlord
    might otherwise contract for with a third party where such
    depreciation, amortization and interest payments would otherwise have
    been included in the charge for such third party’s services, all as
    determined in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles,
    consistently applied, and when depreciation or amortization is
    permitted or required, the item shall be amortized over its reasonably
    anticipated useful life;
     
    (vii)        advertising and promotional expenditures, and costs of
    acquisition and maintenance of advertising signs in or on the Building
    identifying the owner of the Building or solely other tenants;
     
    (viii)       marketing costs, including leasing commissions, attorneys’
    fees (in connection with the negotiation and preparation of letters,
    deal memos, letters of intent, leases, subleases and/or assignments),
    space planning costs, and other costs and expenses incurred in
    connection with lease, sublease and/or assignment negotiations and
    transactions with present or prospective tenants or other occupants of
    the Building;
     
    (ix)          costs, including permit, license and inspection costs,
    incurred with respect to the installation of other tenants’ or other
    occupants’ improvements or incurred in renovating or otherwise
    improving, decorating, painting or redecorating vacant space for
    tenants or other occupants of the Building;
     
    (x)           expenses in connection with services or other benefits
    which are not available to Tenant or for which Tenant is charged for
    directly;
     
    (xi)          costs incurred by Landlord due to the violation by
    Landlord or any other tenant of the terms and conditions of any lease
    of space in the Building;
 
7
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
    (xii)         management fees paid or charged by Landlord in connection
    with the management of the Building to the extent such management fee
    is in excess of the management fee specified in clause (c) in the
    preceding paragraph;
     
    (xiii)        rent for any office space occupied by Building management
    personnel;
     
    (xiv)        amounts paid to Landlord or to subsidiaries or affiliates
    of Landlord for goods and/or services in the Building to the extent the
    same exceeds the costs of such goods and/or services rendered by
    unaffiliated third parties on a competitive basis;
     
    (xv)         Landlord’s general corporate overhead and general and
    administrative expenses;
     
    (xvi)        any compensation paid to clerks, attendants or other
    persons in commercial concessions operated by Landlord;
     
    (xvii)       services provided, taxes attributable to, and costs
    incurred in connection with the operation of any retail, restaurant and
    garage operations for the Building, and any replacement garages and any
    shuttle services;
     
    (xviii)      costs incurred in connection with upgrading the Building
    to comply with laws, rules, regulations and codes with which compliance
    was first required prior to the Term Commencement Date;
     
    (xix)        all assessments and premiums which can be paid by Landlord
    in installments shall be paid by Landlord in the maximum number of
    installments permitted by law and not included as Operating Expenses
    except in the year in which the assessment or premium installment is
    actually incurred;
     
    (xx)         costs arising from the negligence or willful misconduct of
    Landlord or other tenants or occupants of the Building or their
    respective agents, employees, licensees, vendors, contractors or
    providers of materials or services;
     
    (xxi)        costs arising from Landlord’s charitable or political
    contributions;
     
    (xxii)       costs to repair any work required to be performed by
    Landlord under Exhibit C, during the first twelve (12) month-period
    after completion by Landlord of such work;
     
    (xxiii)      costs for sculpture, paintings or other objects of art;
     
    (xxiv)      costs associated with the operation of the business of the
    entity which constitutes Landlord as the same are distinguished from
    the costs of operation of the Building, including entity (as opposed to
    property) accounting and legal matters, costs of defending any lawsuits
    with any mortgagee (except as the actions of Tenant may be in issue),
    costs of selling, syndicating, financing, mortgaging or hypothecating
    any of Landlord’s interest in the Building, costs incurred in
    connection with any disputes between Landlord and its employees,
    between Landlord and Building management, or between Landlord and other
    tenants or occupants;
 
8
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
Operating Expenses shall be determined using the accrual basis of 
accounting. If at any time during the Term, less than one hundred percent 
(100%) of the Rentable Area of the project is occupied, Operating Expenses 
that by their nature vary with occupancy levels shall be adjusted by the 
Landlord to reasonably approximate the Operating Expenses which would be 
incurred if the project had been at least one hundred percent (100%) 
occupied.
 
Partial Taking.  Any Taking which is not a Total Taking.
 
Permitted Exceptions.  Any liens or encumbrances on the Premises in the 
nature of (a) liens for taxes assessed but not yet due and payable, (b) 
easements, reservations, restrictions and rights of way encumbering or 
affecting the Land on the date of this Lease, (c) the rights of Landlord, 
Tenant and any other Person to whom Landlord has granted such rights to 
exercise in common with respect to the Land and the Common Areas the rights 
granted to Tenant hereunder, (d) mortgages of record, and (e) Title 
Conditions.
 
Person.  An individual, a Corporation, a company, a voluntary association, 
a partnership, a trust, an unincorporated organization or a government or 
any agency, instrumentality or political subdivision thereof.
 
Predelivery Landlord’s Work.  The work completed by Landlord prior to the 
Term Commencement Date, as described in Section 7.01 and Exhibit C.
 
Premises. The space in the Building shown on Exhibit B hereto.
 
Proceeds.  With respect to any Taking or occurrence described in Article 17 
hereof, with respect to which any Person is obligated to pay any amount to 
or for the account of Landlord, the aggregate of (i) all sums payable or 
receivable under or in respect of any insurance policy, and (ii) all sums 
or awards payable in respect to a Taking.
 
Rent.  Basic Rent and all Additional Rent.
 
Rentable Area of the Premises.  The number of square feet stated in Section 
1.01, whether the same should be more or less as a result of minor 
variations resulting from actual construction and completion of the 
Premises so long as such work is done in accordance with the terms and 
provisions hereof.  The calculation was made according to the following 
formula:
 
        (i)            On single tenant floors, the usable area measured
        from the outside surfaces of the outer walls of the Building, plus
        Tenant’s Share of interior Common Areas.
         
        (ii)           On multi tenant floors, the usable area measured
        from the outside surface of the outer walls of the Building to the
        midpoint of all demising walls of the space being measured plus the
        area of each corridor adjacent to and required as the result of the
        layout of the space being measured, measured from the midpoint of
        the adjacent demising walls, plus Tenant’s Share of interior Common
        Areas.
 
9
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
Rules and Regulations.  Reasonable rules and regulations promulgated by 
Landlord and uniformly applicable to Persons occupying the Building 
regulating the details of the operation and use of the Building.  The 
initial Rules and Regulations are attached hereto as Exhibit E.
 
Stated Expiration Date.  The Stated Expiration Date as stated in Section 
1.01.
 
Taking.  The taking or condemnation of title to all or any part of the Land 
or the possession or use of the Building or the Premises by a Person for 
any public use or purpose or any proceeding or negotiations which might 
result in such a taking or any sale or lease in lieu of or in anticipation 
of such a taking.
 
Taxes.  All taxes, special or general assessments, water rents, rates and 
charges, sewer rents and other impositions and charges imposed by 
Governmental Authorities of every kind and nature whatsoever, extraordinary 
as well as ordinary, and each and every installment thereof which shall or 
may during the term of this Lease be charged, levied, laid, assessed, 
imposed, become due and payable or become liens upon or for or with respect 
to the Land or any part thereof or the Building or the Premises, 
appurtenances or equipment owned by Landlord thereon or therein or any part 
thereof or on this Lease under or by virtue of all present or future Legal 
Requirements or a tax based on a percentage, fraction or capitalized value 
of the Rent (whether in lieu of or in addition to the taxes hereinbefore 
described).  Taxes shall not include inheritance, estate, excise, 
succession, transfer, gift, franchise, income, gross receipt, or profit 
taxes except to the extent such are in lieu of or in substitution for Taxes 
as now imposed on the Building, the Land, the Premises or this Lease.  If 
for any year Taxes have been reduced or abated, or are subsequently reduced 
or abated, because of vacancies in the Building, Taxes for such year shall 
be adjusted by Landlord to reasonably approximate the amount Taxes would 
have been had such vacancies not existed.
 
Tenant.  As defined in the preamble hereof.
 
Tenant’s Share.  Tenant’s Share shall be equal to the Rentable Area of the 
Premises divided by the Rentable Area of the Building.
 
Term Commencement Date.  The Term Commencement Date stated in Section 1.01.
 
Title Conditions.  All covenants, agreements, restrictions, easements and 
declarations of record on the date hereof so far as the same may be from 
time to time in force and applicable.
 
Total Taking.  (i) a Taking of: (a) the fee interest in all or 
substantially all of the Building or (b) such title to, easement in, over, 
under or such rights to occupy and use any part or parts of the Building to 
the exclusion of Landlord as shall have the effect, in the good faith 
judgment of the Landlord, of rendering the portion of the Building 
remaining after such Taking (even if restoration were made) unsuitable for 
the continued use and occupancy thereof for the Permitted Uses or (ii) a 
Taking of all or substantially all of the Premises or such title to or 
easement in, on or over the Premises to the exclusion of Tenant which in 
the good faith judgment of the Landlord prohibits access to the Premises or 
the exercise by Tenant of any rights under this Lease.
 
10
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
ARTICLE 2
Premises
 
        2.01                        Premises.
         
Landlord hereby leases and lets to Tenant, and Tenant hereby takes and 
hires from Landlord, upon and subject to the terms, conditions, covenants 
and provisions hereof, the Premises subject to the Permitted Exceptions.  
Landlord reserves the right to install within or without the Premises 
pipes, ducts, vents, flues, conduits, wires and appurtenant fixtures which 
service other parts of the Building; provided that such work shall be done 
in such a manner that it does not materially interfere with Tenant’s use of 
the Premises.
 
        2.02                        Appurtenances.
         
Tenant, in common with others entitled thereto from time to time, may use 
the Common Areas for the purposes for which they were designed.
 
Landlord reserves the right, from time to time, to grant easements 
affecting the Land, to change or alter the boundaries of the Land and to 
alter, and grant to others the right to use, the entrances, parking areas 
and driveways on the Land, all for purposes of developing and using 
properties adjacent to the Land, so long as the same do not materially 
interfere with Tenant’s use of the Premises or the Common Areas or reduce 
the number or convenience of parking spaces available for Tenant.
 
        2.03                        Reservations By Landlord.
         
Landlord reserves the right, exercisable at any time and from time to time 
without the same constituting an actual or constructive eviction and 
without incurring any liability therefor or otherwise affecting Tenant’s 
obligations under this Lease, to make changes, alterations, additions, 
improvements, repairs or replacements to the Building and the Common Areas 
as long as such work does not materially interfere with Tenant’s business, 
including, without limitation, elimination of Common Areas and changing the 
size, arrangement and location of, and eliminating, entrances, lobbies, 
driveways, parking areas, doors, corridors, elevators, stairs and 
restrooms.
 
ARTICLE 3
Term
 
        3.01                        Term Commencement.
         
The Lease Term shall commence on the Term Commencement Date.  Tenant shall 
be granted full access to the Premises on the Term Commencement Date.
 
        3.02                        Termination.
 
The Lease Term shall end on the Lease Termination Date, subject to 
extension in accordance with Section 26.07 and termination in accordance 
with Section 26.08.
 
11
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
ARTICLE 4
Rent
 
        4.01                        Basic Rent.
         
Tenant shall pay Landlord for the Premises, without offset or deduction and 
without previous demand therefor, the Basic Rent as annual rent for each 
Lease Year.  Commencing on the Basic Rent Commencement Date, Basic Rent 
shall be paid in equal monthly installments in advance on the first day of 
each calendar month during the Lease Term.  Basic Rent for partial months 
at the beginning or end of the Lease Term shall be pro rated.
 
        4.02                        Computation of Basic Rent.
         
The Basic Rent for each Lease Year shall be as stated in Article 1.01 
hereof.
 
Basic Rent shall be exclusive of (and in addition to) amounts due hereunder 
for Taxes and Operating Expenses.
 
ARTICLE 5
Use of Premises
 
        5.01                        Use Restricted.
         
The Premises may be used for the Permitted Uses as stated in Article 1.01 
hereof and for no other purpose.  No improvements may be made in or to the 
Premises except as otherwise provided in this Lease.
 
        5.02                        Rules and Regulations.
         
Tenant shall comply with Rules and Regulations established from time to 
time by Landlord.  Landlord shall not be liable to Tenant for (a) the 
failure of other tenants to comply with such Rules and Regulations, (b) the 
failure of other tenants to comply with any term or provision of their 
respective leases or (c) any nuisance or wrongful, negligent, improper, 
offensive or unlawful act or omission of any such other tenant.  Landlord 
shall not enforce such rules and regulations other than in a 
non-discriminatory manner.
 
ARTICLE 6
Taxes; Operating Expenses;
Estimated Cost of Electrical Services
 
        6.01                        Expenses and Taxes.
 
With respect to each Calendar Year of the Lease Term, Tenant shall pay 
Tenant’s Share of Operating Expenses and Taxes.  Amounts due under this 
Section 6.01 shall be due as provided in Section 6.03 hereof.
 
12
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
        6.02                        Annual Statement of Additional Rent
        Due.
         
Landlord shall render to Tenant a statement, showing (i) for the Calendar 
Year so indicated (a) Taxes and (b) Operating Expenses and (ii) for the 
then current Calendar Year, an estimate for (a) Operating Expenses, (b) 
Taxes and (c) Tenant’s obligation under Section 6.01.
 
        6.03                        Monthly Payments of Additional Rent.
         
Tenant shall pay to Landlord in advance for each calendar month of the 
Lease Term falling between receipt by Tenant of the statement described in 
Section 6.02 and receipt by Tenant of the next such statement, as 
Additional Rent, an amount equal to 1/12th of Tenant’s estimated obligation 
under Section 6.01 shown thereon.  The amount due under this Section 6.03 
shall be paid with Tenant’s monthly payments of Basic Rent and shall be 
credited by Landlord to Tenant’s obligations under Section 6.01.  If the 
total amount paid hereunder exceeds the amount due under Section 6.01, such 
excess shall be credited to Tenant by Landlord against the monthly 
installments of Additional Rent next falling due or shall be refunded to 
Tenant upon the expiration or termination of this Lease ; provided, 
however, that if this Lease is terminated on account of an Event of 
Default, then Landlord may apply the excess payment against amounts owed by 
Tenant under Section 22.04.  If the total amount paid is less than the 
amount due under Section 6.01, Tenant shall pay to Landlord the balance 
within thirty (30) days after delivery by Landlord of such statement.
 
        6.04                        Accounting Periods.
         
Landlord shall have the right from time to time to change the periods of 
accounting hereunder to any other annual period than a Calendar Year, and 
upon any such change, all items referred to in this Article 6 shall be 
appropriately apportioned.  In all statements rendered under Section 6.02, 
amounts for periods partially within and partially without the accounting 
periods shall be appropriately apportioned, and any items which are not 
determinable at the time of a statement shall be included therein on the 
basis of Landlord’s estimate and with respect thereof Landlord shall render 
to Tenant promptly after determination a supplemental statement and an 
appropriate adjustment shall be made according thereto.
 
        6.05                        Abatement of Taxes.
         
Landlord may at any time and from time to time make application to the 
appropriate Governmental Authority for an abatement of Taxes.  If (i) such 
an application is successful and (ii) Tenant has made any payment in 
respect of Taxes pursuant to this Article 6 for the period with respect to 
which the abatement was granted, Landlord shall (a) deduct from the amount 
of the abatement all reasonable expenses incurred by it in connection with 
the application, (b) recompute Tenant’s obligation with respect to Taxes 
under Section 6.01 and refund any overpayment to Tenant and (c) retain the 
balance, if any.
 
If at least twenty (20) days prior to the last day for filing an 
application for abatement of Taxes for any tax year, Tenant shall give 
notice to Landlord that it desires to file an application for abatement of 
such Taxes or to otherwise contest the assessed valuation of the Premises 
for such tax year, and if within five (5) days after the receipt of such 
notice Landlord does not give notice back to Tenant that
 
13
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
Landlord shall itself file such application or commence such contest, then 
Tenant shall have the right either in its own name or in the name of 
Landlord but at its own cost and expense to file such application or 
commence such contest.  If within five (5) days after receipt by Landlord 
of such notice from Tenant, Landlord shall give Tenant notice that Landlord 
shall itself file such application or commence such contest, then Landlord 
shall do so prior to the expiration of the time for the filing of the same 
at its own cost and expense.  If Landlord shall not give such notice, then 
Tenant shall file the same or commence such contest prior to the expiration 
of the time for filing or commencing the same at its own cost and expense.  
In any event, if any abatement by whomever prosecuted shall be obtained, 
the cost and expense of obtaining the same shall be the first charge upon 
such abatement and shall be reimbursed to the party expending the same from 
the proceeds thereof, prior to any other distribution.  If Tenant shall 
file an application for abatement or commence such contest pursuant to the 
provisions of this paragraph, Tenant shall prosecute the same to final 
determination with reasonable diligence and shall not, without Landlord’s 
consent (which shall not be unreasonably withheld), settle, compromise or 
discontinue the same except that Tenant may discontinue the prosecution of 
the same at any time after giving Landlord notice thereof and a reasonable 
opportunity to assume prosecution of the same.  If Landlord shall file an 
application for abatement or commence such contest, Landlord shall 
prosecute the same to final determination with reasonable diligence and 
shall not without Tenant’s consent (which shall not be unreasonably 
withheld), settle, compromise, or discontinue the same except that Landlord 
may discontinue the prosecution of the same at any time after giving Tenant 
notice thereof and a reasonable opportunity to assume prosecution of the 
same.  If either party shall file an application for an abatement or 
commence such contest, the other will cooperate and furnish any pertinent 
information in its files reasonably required by the prosecuting party.  In 
every case, any abatement, refund, rebate or credit received shall be paid 
first to the party which prosecuted such abatement in the amount of the 
costs and expenses expended by it in such connection, and the balance to 
each party in the proportion that it paid the tax or assessment being 
abated, refunded, rebated or credited.  Landlord shall pay any sums due to 
Tenant from any abatement after receipt of the same even if this Lease 
shall have expired.  Tenant shall timely pay all sums payable under this 
Lease in respect of taxes and assessments notwithstanding the pendency of 
an abatement proceeding or any such contest, unless and to the extent 
legally permitted to do otherwise.
 
        6.06                        Electric and Gas Service.
         
Commencing on the Term Commencement Date and for the entirety of the Lease 
Term, Tenant shall arrange to obtain electricity and gas for the Premises 
at Tenant’s expense from such source or sources as Landlord shall designate 
as the source or sources therefor for the Building from time to time.  
Tenant shall pay or cause to be paid when due all charges for gas and 
electricity used in or upon the Premises during the term of this Lease 
which shall be separately metered for such utilities consumed in or from 
the Premises. Subject only to Landlord’s obligations under Exhibit C, 
Landlord shall have no obligation with respect to electricity and gas for 
the Premises.
 
        6.07                        Late Payment of Rent and Late Charges.
         
Tenant’s failure to pay Rent, Additional Rent, or any other payments due 
under this Lease when due under this Lease may cause Landlord to incur 
unanticipated costs.  The exact amount of such costs are impractical or 
extremely difficult to ascertain.  Such costs may include, but are not 
limited to,
 
14
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
processing and accounting charges and late charges that may be imposed on 
Landlord by any ground lease, mortgage, or deed of trust encumbering the 
Land or Building.
 
Therefore, if Landlord does not receive the Rent, Additional Rent, or any 
other payments due under this Lease in full within five (5) days after the 
due date, Tenant shall pay Landlord a late charge, which shall constitute 
liquidated damages, equal to five percent (5%) of each unpaid portion 
(“Late Charge”), which shall be paid to Landlord together with such Rent, 
Additional Rent, or other Lease costs then in arrears.  Notwithstanding 
anything to the contrary contained herein, so long as Tenant has not been 
in default in the payment of Rent, Additional Rent and other Lease costs 
more than once in any twelve (12) consecutive month period, no such Late 
Charge shall accrue.
 
The parties agree that such Late Charge represents a fair and reasonable 
estimate of the cost Landlord will incur by reason of such late payment.
 
For each Tenant payment check to Landlord that is returned by a bank for 
any reason, Tenant shall pay both a Late Charge (if applicable) and a 
returned check charge (“Returned Check Charge”) of an amount equal to that 
charged by Landlord’s bank at the time.
 
All Late Charges and any Returned Check Charge shall then become Additional 
Rent and shall be due and payable immediately along with such other Rent, 
Additional Rent, or other Lease costs then in arrears.
 
Money paid by Tenant to Landlord shall be applied to Tenant’s account in 
the following order:  (i) to any unpaid Additional Rent, including, without 
limitation, Late Charges, Returned Check Charges, legal fees and/or court 
costs legally chargeable to Tenant, Operating Expenses and Taxes; and then 
(ii) to unpaid Basic Rent.
 
Nothing herein contained shall be construed so as to compel Landlord to 
accept any payment of Rent, Additional Rent, or other Lease costs in 
arrears or Late Charge or Returned Check Charge should Landlord elect to 
apply its rights and remedies available under this Lease or at law or in 
equity in the case of an Event of Default hereunder by Tenant.  Landlord’s 
acceptance of Rent, Additional Rent, or other Lease costs in arrears or 
Late Charge or Returned Check Charge pursuant to this clause shall not 
constitute a waiver of Landlord’s rights and remedies available under this 
Lease at law or in equity.
 
        6.08                        Tenant Audit Right.
         
Tenant shall have the right, on reasonable notice to Landlord and at 
reasonable times, to inspect and review Landlord’s books and records with 
respect to Operating Expenses, provided that Tenant shall conduct such 
inspection and review for any year no later than six (6) months after 
delivery of the statement of Operating Expenses for such year and provided 
that Tenant shall timely pay all sums due with respect to Operating 
Expenses notwithstanding that it shall elect to perform such an inspection 
and review.  Such payment may be made without prejudice to Tenant’s rights 
under this paragraph.  If it shall be determined that Tenant shall have 
overpaid any sums on account of Operating Expenses, Landlord shall promptly 
refund the same.  If the audit discloses any overpayment on the part of 
Tenant, then Tenant shall be entitled to a credit on the next succeeding 
installment of rent for an amount equal to the overcharge plus interest on 
the amount of such overcharge from the date on which
 
15
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
Tenant received the statement of Operating Expenses until the date Tenant 
completes the audit at a rate of 18% per annum, and such credit shall be 
extended to succeeding installments of rent in the event such overcharge 
exceeds the amount of the next succeeding such installment and, in the 
event the term of this Lease has expired or been earlier terminated, then 
Tenant shall be entitled to a refund of such excess from Landlord within 
thirty (30) days after completion of the audit.  In addition, in the event 
such audit by Tenant discloses such an overcharge in excess of the ten 
percent (10%) of the amount payable in accordance with Article 6 of this 
Lease, then Landlord shall pay to Tenant the reasonable costs and expenses 
of such audit, such costs not to exceed thirty-three percent (33%) of the 
total amount of the overcharge.
 
ARTICLE 7
Improvements, Repairs, Additions, Replacements
 
        7.01                        Preparation of the Premises.
         
The Term Commencement Date shall be the date of this Lease.  Tenant shall 
accept the Premises in its “as is” condition, and Landlord shall have no 
obligation to perform any work or construction to prepare the Premises for 
Tenant, except that Landlord shall deliver the Premises to Tenant (i) broom 
clean, (ii) free of all occupants, and (iii) in the condition required 
under this Lease. Landlord has completed the Predelivery Landlord’s Work 
described on Exhibit C.
 
        7.02                        Alterations and Improvements.
         
Tenant may make (a) cosmetic alterations or improvements (i.e., painting, 
carpeting, flooring, etc) regardless of cost; (b) any other non-structural 
alterations, additions or improvements having a cost, when aggregated with 
all work performed at substantially the same time, of $100,000.00 or less, 
without Landlord’s prior consent and Tenant may make non-structural 
alterations, additions or improvements having a cost, when aggregated with 
all work performed at substantially the same time, in excess of 
$100,000.00, with Landlord’s prior written consent, which consent shall not 
be unreasonably withheld or delayed, and then only in accordance with plans 
and specifications therefor first approved by Landlord (the “Tenant 
Improvements Plans”), such approval not to be unreasonably withheld.
 
Landlord shall review Tenant’s proposed Tenant Improvements Plans and shall 
notify Tenant in writing within fifteen (15) business days after Landlord’s 
receipt of same as to whether Landlord approves the Tenant Improvements 
Plans (which approval shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or 
delayed).  If Landlord fails to respond to Tenant’s request for review and 
approval of Tenant’s proposed Tenant Improvements Plans within fifteen (15) 
business days after receipt of Tenant’s request, Tenant must send a second 
notice to Landlord, which such second notice must state that it is the 
second notice to Landlord in connection with Tenant’s request for approval 
of the Tenant Improvement Plans and that Landlord’s failure to respond to 
such second notice within five (5) days after receipt thereof shall be 
deemed Landlord’s approval of the Tenant Improvement Plans.  If Landlord 
fails to respond to Tenant’s second notice within such five (5) day period, 
the Tenant Improvement Plans shall be deemed approved by Landlord.
 
16
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
If Landlord does not approve the Tenant Improvements Plans, such written 
notice from Landlord to Tenant shall provide Landlord’s specific and 
detailed comments and suggestions which, if incorporated into the Tenant 
Improvements Plans, would render the Tenant Improvements Plans acceptable 
to Landlord.  Landlord and Tenant shall cooperate with one another in good 
faith to reach agreement regarding the Tenant Improvements Plans as soon as 
practicable.  In the event Landlord and Tenant are unable, after complying 
with the foregoing terms and provisions in this Section 7.02, to reach 
agreement regarding the Tenant Improvements Plans within ten (10) business 
days after the date on which Landlord delivers to Tenant Landlord’s 
specific and detailed comments and suggestions relating to the Tenant 
Improvements Plans pursuant to this Section 7.02, then until such time as 
Landlord and Tenant succeed in reaching agreement relative to the Tenant 
Improvements Plans, either Landlord or Tenant shall be entitled to submit 
the issue(s) in dispute to expedited arbitration in accordance with the 
terms and provisions of Section 26.21 of the Lease.  Landlord hereby 
approves the plans shown on Exhibit K, attached hereto, and agrees that it 
will approve the Tenant Improvement Plans as long as such plans are 
consistent with the attached plans.  Without limitation, Landlord may 
withhold approval of any alterations or additions which would (a) require 
unusual expense to readapt the Premises to normal office, research and 
development, warehousing, and distribution uses upon termination of this 
Lease or (b) increase the cost of insurance; provided, however, that 
Landlord shall not be entitled to withhold Landlord’s approval of such 
alterations or additions for the reasons described in clauses (a) or (b) if 
Tenant agrees to reimburse Landlord for such unusual expenses or the amount 
of the increase in the cost of insurance, if any, associated with Tenant’s 
alterations or additions.
 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, Landlord 
acknowledges that Tenant, at Tenant’s sole cost, shall have the option to 
install its own security system in the Building.
 
All of Tenant’s alterations and additions and installation of furnishings 
shall be coordinated with any work being performed by Landlord and in such 
manner as to maintain harmonious labor relations and not to damage the 
Building or the Premises or interfere with Building operation and, except 
for installation of furnishings, shall be performed by general contractors 
and subcontractors first approved by Landlord, such approval not to be 
unreasonably withheld.  Landlord hereby approves as a general contractor 
Builders Systems Inc., 135 Southbridge Street, Box 635, Auburn, MA 01501 
(508-798-8797.  Except for work done by or through Landlord, Tenant before 
its work is started shall: secure all licenses and permits necessary 
therefor; deliver to Landlord a statement of the names of all its 
contractors and subcontractors and the estimated cost of all labor and 
material to be furnished by them; and cause each contractor to carry 
workers’ compensation insurance in statutory amounts covering all the 
contractor’s and subcontractor’s employees and commercial general liability 
insurance with such limits as Landlord may reasonably require, but in no 
event less than $1,000,000.00 and property damage insurance with limits of 
not less than $1,000,000.00 and have deductibles of no more than $5,000.00 
(all such insurance to be written by companies approved by Landlord and 
insuring Tenant and Landlord and its managing agent and its mortgagees, as 
well as the contractors), and to deliver to Landlord certificates of all 
such insurance.  Tenant agrees to pay promptly when due the entire cost of 
any work done in the Premises by Tenant, its agents, employees or 
independent contractors, and not to cause or permit any liens therewith to 
attach to the Premises and immediately to discharge any such liens which 
may so attach.  All construction work done by Tenant, its agents,
 
17
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
employees or independent contractors shall be done in a good and 
workmanlike manner and in compliance with all Legal Requirements and 
Insurance Requirements.
 
Promptly after completion of any work, whether or not Landlord’s consent 
was required, Tenant shall furnish as built plans therefor to Landlord.
 
At or prior to expiration of the Term, Tenant shall remove (a) all 
alterations and improvements designated for removal by Landlord at the time 
it approves the same and (b) all alterations and improvements not approved 
by Landlord (including alterations and improvements for which Landlord’s 
approval was not required) or to which Landlord has objected but have been 
permitted under Section 26.21 which Landlord shall designate for removal by 
notice prior to expiration of the Term.  Removal shall include restoration 
of all affected areas to the condition prior to such alterations and 
improvements.
 
        7.03                        Maintenance By Tenant.
         
Except for Landlord’s obligations under Section 8.01, Tenant shall, at all 
times during the Lease Term, and at its own cost and expense, (a) keep and 
maintain the Premises in good repair and condition (reasonable wear and 
tear and damage by fire or casualty only excepted) and (b) use all 
reasonable precautions to prevent waste, damage or injury thereto.
 
        7.04                        Redelivery.
 
On the Lease Termination Date, without limiting its other obligations under 
this Lease, Tenant shall surrender all keys to the Premises, remove all of 
its trade fixtures, equipment and personal property in the Premises and all 
of Tenant’s signs and quit and surrender the Premises free and clear of all 
tenants and occupants and liens and encumbrances arising through Tenant.  
Tenant shall, subject to the provisions of Articles 17 and 18 hereof, 
surrender the Premises to Landlord broom clean and in good condition and 
repair (reasonable wear and tear and damage by fire or casualty only 
excepted) with all damage occasioned by Tenant’s removal of Tenant’s trade 
fixtures, equipment or equipment repaired at Tenant’s cost to Landlord’s 
reasonable satisfaction.  Any property not so removed shall be deemed 
abandoned and may be removed and disposed of by Landlord in such manner as 
it shall determine.  Tenant shall pay Landlord the entire cost and expense 
incurred by it in effecting such removal and disposition and in making any 
incidental repairs and replacements.
 
ARTICLE 8
Landlord’s Obligations
 
        8.01                        Maintenance By Landlord.
         
Subject to Sections 17 and 18, Landlord shall maintain the exterior walls 
(exclusive of the glass and doors and exclusive of the interior surface of 
the exterior walls, all of which Tenant shall maintain and repair), roof, 
foundation, and structural supports of the Building.  Landlord shall also 
maintain the Common Areas, plumbing, electrical and mechanical systems 
(exclusive of the chiller referred to in Exhibit C and inclusive of the 
HVAC Equipment unless Tenant elects to maintain such HVAC Equipment itself 
and notifies Landlord of the same).
 
18
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
        8.02                        Limitations on Landlord’s Liability.
         
Landlord shall not be liable in damages, and shall not be in default 
hereunder, for any failure or delay in complying with any of its 
obligations hereunder when such failure or delay is occasioned by Force 
Majeure or by the act or Default of Tenant.  No such failure or delay shall 
be held or pleaded as eviction or disturbance in any manner whatsoever of 
Tenant’s possession or give Tenant any right to terminate this Lease or 
give rise to any claim for set off or any abatement or Rent or of any of 
Tenant’s obligations under this Lease except as set forth in Section 8.03.
 
        8.03                        Tenant’s Right to Self Help.
         
If Landlord shall default in the performance of any of its obligations 
under this Lease, and if Landlord shall not cure such default within a 
thirty (30) day period after notice from Tenant specifying the default (or, 
if such default cannot by its nature be cured within such thirty (30) day 
period and Landlord shall not within such period commence to cure such 
default and thereafter prosecute the curing of such default to completion 
with due diligence), Tenant may, at its option (but shall not be obligated 
to), at any time after ten (10) days after giving to Landlord a further 
notice of default specifically referring to this Section 8.03, cure such 
default for the account of Landlord; provided, however, that in cases of 
emergencies that pose an immediate material threat to person, property, or 
Tenant’s business operation, Tenant may, at its option (but shall not be 
obligated to), cure such default for the account of Landlord immediately 
after giving Landlord telephone, facsimile, or electronic notice of 
Tenant’s intent to exercise of its right to self-help hereunder.  Any 
reasonable amount paid or any reasonable contractual liability incurred by 
Tenant in exercising its right to self-help hereunder shall be deemed paid 
or incurred for the account of Landlord, and, if Landlord shall not 
reimburse Tenant within thirty (30) days after demand for any amount paid 
for the account of Landlord hereunder, Tenant shall have the right to 
deduct any amount (with interest on such amount at ten percent (10%) per 
annum) still owing from future payments of Basic Rent hereunder but such 
deduction shall not exceed fifteen percent (15%) of the Basic Rent payable 
for any month (or such higher amount as shall be required for Tenant to 
recoup such amount ratably over the remainder of the Lease Term).
 
ARTICLE 9
Tenant’s Particular Covenants
 
        9.01                        Pay Rent.
         
Tenant shall pay when due all Rent and Additional Rent, including, without 
limitation, all charges for utility services rendered to the Premises.
 
        9.02                        Occupancy of the Premises.
         
Tenant shall occupy the Premises continuously from the Term Commencement 
Date for the Permitted Uses only.  Tenant shall not (i) injure or deface 
the Premises or the Building, (ii) install any exterior sign except as set 
forth in Section 26.06, (iii) permit in the Premises any flammable fluids 
or chemicals not reasonably related to the Permitted Uses, or (iv) permit 
any nuisance or any use thereof
 
19
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
which is improper, offensive, contrary to any Legal Requirement or 
Insurance Requirement or liable to render necessary any alteration or 
addition to the Building.
 
Tenant shall not permit any noise, vibration or odor to emit from the 
Premises which in Landlord’s sole discretion is offensive or inappropriate 
for a building comparable to the Building.
 
        9.03                        Safety.
         
Tenant shall keep the Premises equipped with all safety appliances required 
by Legal Requirements or Insurance Requirements because of any use made by 
Tenant.  Tenant shall procure all Authorizations so required because of 
such use and, if requested by Landlord, shall do any work so required 
because of such use, it being understood that the foregoing provision shall 
not be construed to broaden in any way the Permitted Uses.  Notwithstanding 
anything to the contrary contained in this Lease, however, Tenant shall not 
be responsible for compliance with any such laws, regulations, or the like 
requiring (a) structural repairs or modifications; or (b) repairs or 
modifications to the utility or building service equipment; or (c) 
installation of new building service equipment, such as fire detection or 
suppression equipment, unless such repairs, modifications, or installations 
shall arise from (i) Tenant’s particular use of the Premises, or (ii)  the 
negligence or default of Tenant or any agent, employee, or contractor of 
Tenant, or (iii) any work performed by Tenant.
 
        9.04                        Equipment.
         
Tenant shall not place a load upon the floor of the Premises exceeding the 
live load for which the floor has been designed and shall not move any safe 
or other heavy equipment in, about or out of the Premises except in such a 
manner and at such a time as Landlord shall in each instance authorize.
 
        9.05                        Electrical Requirements
         
Tenant’s use of electrical energy in the Premises shall not exceed the 
capacity of the Premises electrical systems.
 
        9.06                        Pay Taxes.
         
Tenant shall pay promptly when due all Taxes upon personal property 
(including, without limitation, fixtures and equipment) in the Premises to 
whomsoever assessed.
 
ARTICLE 10
Requirements of Public Authority
 
        10.01                 Legal Requirements.
 
Tenant shall, at its own cost and expense, promptly observe and comply with 
all Legal Requirements.  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained 
in this Lease, however, Tenant shall not be responsible for compliance with 
any such laws, regulations, or the like requiring (a) structural repairs or 
modifications; or (b) repairs or modifications to the utility or building 
service equipment; or (c) installation of new building service equipment, 
such as fire detection or suppression
 
20
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
equipment, unless such repairs, modifications, or installations shall arise 
from (i) Tenant’s particular use of the Premises, or (ii)  the negligence 
or default of Tenant or any agent, employee, or contractor of Tenant, or 
(iii) any work performed by Tenant.  Tenant shall pay all costs, expenses, 
liabilities, losses, damages, fines, penalties, claims and demands, that 
may in any manner arise out of or be imposed because of the failure of 
Tenant to comply with the covenants of this Article 10. The Landlord shall 
not be responsible or liable for any loss or interruption of Tenant’s 
business, or any costs of compliance, caused by the enforcement of any 
Legal Requirements which are related to Tenant’s use of the Premises or the 
Common Areas.
 
Tenant shall not dump, flush, or in any way introduce any Hazardous 
Substances or any other toxic substances into the septic, sewage or other 
waste disposal system or generate, store or dispose of Hazardous Substances 
in or on the Premises or the Land, or dispose of Hazardous Substances from 
the Premises or the Land to any other location without the prior consent of 
Landlord, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, and then only 
in compliance with the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act of 1976, as 
amended, 42 U.S.C.§6901 et seq., the Massachusetts Hazardous Waste 
Management Act, M.G.L. c.21C., as amended, the Massachusetts Oil and 
Hazardous Material Release Prevention and Response Act, M.G.L. c.21E, as 
amended, and all other applicable codes, regulations, ordinances and laws.  
Tenant shall notify Landlord of any incident which would require the filing 
of a notice under M.G.L. c.21E and shall comply with the orders and 
regulations of all governmental authorities with respect to zoning, 
building, fire, health and other codes, regulations, ordinances or laws 
applicable to the Premises or the Land.  “Hazardous Substances” as used in 
this Section shall mean “hazardous substances” as defined in the 
Comprehensive Environmental Response Compensation and Liability Act of 
1980, as amended, 42 U.S.C. §9601 and regulations adopted pursuant to such 
Act.
 
Landlord may, if it so elects, make any of the repairs, alterations, 
additions or replacements which otherwise would be Tenant’s responsibility 
under this Section which affect the Building structure or the Building 
systems, and Tenant shall reimburse Landlord for the cost thereof within 
twenty (20) days of Landlord’s invoice therefor.
 
Tenant will provide Landlord, from time to time upon Landlord’s request, 
with all non-proprietary records and information regarding any Hazardous 
Substance maintained on the Premises by Tenant, but in any event shall 
provide a list identifying all Hazardous Substances maintained on the 
Premises by Tenant.
 
Landlord shall have the right to make such inspections as Landlord shall 
reasonably elect from time to time to determine if Tenant is complying with 
this Section or with Tenant’s obligations elsewhere under this Lease, which 
inspections shall be at Tenant’s expense if any such inspection shall show 
that Tenant has not complied with its obligations herein.
 
        10.02                 Contests.
         
Tenant shall have the right to contest by appropriate legal proceedings 
diligently conducted in good faith, in the name of Tenant or Landlord (if 
legally required), or both (if legally required), without cost, expense, 
liability or damage to Landlord, the validity or application of any Legal
 
21
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
Requirement, and, if compliance with any of the terms of any such Legal 
Requirement may legally be delayed pending the prosecution of any such 
proceeding, Tenant may delay such compliance therewith until the final 
determination of such proceeding.
 
ARTICLE 11
Covenant Against Liens
 
        11.01                 Mechanics’ Liens.
         
Landlord’s right, title and interest in the Premises shall not be subject 
to or liable for liens of mechanics or materialmen for work done on behalf 
of Tenant in connection with improvements to the Premises.  Notwithstanding 
such restriction, if because of any act or omission of Tenant, any 
mechanics’ lien or other lien, charge or order for payment of money shall 
be filed against any portion of the Premises, Tenant shall, at its own cost 
and expense, cause the same to be discharged of record within fifteen (15) 
days after the filing thereof.
 
        11.02                 Right to Discharge.
         
Without otherwise limiting any other remedy of Landlord for default 
hereunder, if Tenant shall fail to cause such liens to be discharged of 
record within the aforesaid fifteen (15) day period, then Landlord shall 
have the right to cause the same to be discharged.  All amounts paid by 
Landlord to cause such liens to be discharged shall constitute Additional 
Rent.
 
ARTICLE 12
Access to Premises
 
        12.01                 Access.
         
Landlord covenants and agrees, except in emergency situations, that Tenant 
shall have access to and the right to use the Premises at all times, 
twenty-four (24) hours per day and three hundred sixty-five (365) days per 
year during the Term.  Landlord and Landlord’s agents and designees shall 
have the right, but not the obligation, to enter upon the Premises during 
ordinary business hours upon twenty-four hours prior notice to Tenant from 
Landlord, to perform its obligations hereunder, to examine same and to 
exhibit the Premises to prospective purchasers, mortgagees,  tenants or 
other persons or agents as Landlord shall designate from time to time, 
except that no prior notice shall be required in an emergency.  Tenant or 
Tenant’s representatives shall have the right to accompany Landlord at all 
times during the periods Landlord accesses the Premises pursuant to this 
Section.  Landlord shall keep confidential any confidential or proprietary 
information of which Landlord becomes aware during any such period of 
access.
 
22
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
ARTICLE 13
Assignment and Subletting: Occupancy Arrangements
 
        13.01                 Subletting and Assignment.
         
Tenant shall not enter into any Occupancy Arrangement, either voluntarily 
or by operation of law without the prior consent of Landlord, which consent 
will not be unreasonably withheld.  Without limiting the generality of the 
foregoing, in no event shall Tenant enter into negotiations to sublet all 
or any part of the Premises or to assign this Lease, offer to so sublet or 
assign or so sublet or assign to any tenant or occupant of the Building or 
to any party with whom Landlord is then negotiating with respect to space 
in the Building.
 
If Tenant intends to enter into an Occupancy Arrangement, Tenant shall so 
notify Landlord in writing, stating the name of (and providing a financial 
statement with respect to) the Person with whom Tenant intends to enter 
into such Arrangement, the material terms of the Occupancy Arrangement and 
a precise description of the portion of the Premises intended to be subject 
thereto.  Within twenty-one (21) days of receipt of such writing, Landlord 
shall either (i) consent to such Occupancy Arrangement, such consent not to 
be unreasonably withheld, or (ii) deny consent to such Occupancy 
Arrangement.  Landlord’s failure to respond within such twenty-one (21) day 
period shall be deemed consent to the Occupancy Arrangement.  If Tenant 
proposes to assign this Lease or sublet more than fifty percent (50%) of 
the Premises for substantially the remainder of the Term, other than in a 
transaction under which Landlord’s consent is not required, Landlord may 
elect to terminate this Lease in the case of an assignment or, in case of a 
sublease, terminate this Lease with respect to the portion of the Premises 
intended to be subject thereto, such election to be made by notice within 
such twenty-one (21) day period, such termination to be effective as of the 
date such assignment or sublease would have commenced.  If Landlord so 
terminates this Lease in whole or in part, all Rent shall be adjusted as of 
the day the Premises (or portion thereof) are redelivered to Landlord.  Any 
portion of the Premises so redelivered shall be in its then as-is 
condition.  If Landlord elects to terminate this Lease in whole or in part 
pursuant to the foregoing, Landlord shall be responsible, at its sole cost 
and expense, for constructing and installing any demising walls necessary 
to demise the recaptured portion of the Premises from the portion of the 
Premises retained by Tenant.
 
If the Landlord consents to an Occupancy Arrangement, Tenant shall (i) 
enter into such Occupancy Arrangement on the terms described to Landlord 
within thirty (30) days of Landlord’s consent or comply again with the 
terms of this Section and (ii) remain liable for the payment and 
performance of the terms and covenants of this Lease.  If Tenant enters 
into such an Occupancy Arrangement, Tenant shall pay to Landlord when 
received fifty percent (50%) of the excess, if any, of amounts received in 
respect of such Occupancy Arrangement over the Rent.  For the purpose of 
the preceding sentence, amounts received by Tenant in respect of such 
Occupancy Arrangement shall be deemed to include (a) any costs assumed or 
paid by the subtenant or assignee thereunder (such as brokerage 
commissions, tenant improvements and other expenses) which are normally are 
paid by landlords or sub-landlords in comparable transactions and (b) any 
sums paid for the sale, rental or use of any of Tenant’s personal property 
(in case of a sale only, reduced by Tenant’s depreciated basis thereof for 
federal income tax purposes).  In calculating any excess rent payable by 
Tenant to Landlord pursuant to this provision, Tenant shall first be 
entitled to deduct brokerage commissions and/or legal
 
23
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
fees paid by Tenant in connection with the assignment or sublease and any 
costs incurred by Tenant to prepare the Premises of occupancy by such 
subtenant or assignee.
 
Landlord’s consent shall not be required with respect to (i) any transfers 
of direct or indirect ownership interests in Tenant or its Affiliates in 
the public markets, (ii) any assignment or subletting to a parent, 
subsidiary or other Affiliate, (iii) any assignment or subletting in 
connection with a sale of substantially all the assets of Tenant or a 
merger, consolidation, reorganization or other corporate transaction 
provided that in the case of transactions described in clause (iii), the 
successor entity has at least the same tangible net worth as Tenant 
immediately prior to such transaction, provided, however, that if the 
successor to Tenant does not have a tangible net worth computed in 
accordance with generally accepted accounting principles at least equal to 
the lesser of Tenant’s tangible net worth as of the date hereof or 
immediately prior to such transaction, Tenant shall either (a) obtain 
Landlord’s prior written consent to such transaction, as provided above, or 
(b) increase the Security Deposit under Section 24.01 by an amount equal to 
the sum of three (3) months’ Basic Rent then in effect under the Term (iv) 
any collateral assignment as security in connection with a financing 
transaction, or (v) any assignment or subletting to a joint venture party 
or other party with whom Tenant or any of its Affiliates have a contractual 
or other business relationship.  Landlord’s consent shall be required for 
any other assignment or subletting but shall not be unreasonably withheld, 
conditioned or delayed.  Moreover, Landlord’s consent shall be deemed 
granted to the extent Landlord fails to respond to any request for consent, 
sent in accordance with Section 25.02, within thirty (30) business days 
following delivery of the request and applicable information relating to 
the assignment or subletting.
 
ARTICLE 14
Indemnity
 
        14.01                 Tenant’s Indemnity.
         
To the fullest extent permitted by law, Tenant shall indemnify and save 
harmless Landlord from and against any and all liability, damage, penalties 
or judgments and from and against any claims, actions, proceedings and 
expenses and costs in connection therewith, including reasonable counsel 
fees, arising from (a) an Event of Default, (b) injury to person or 
property sustained by anyone in and about the Premises, or (c) from injury 
to person or property occurring outside the Premises but within the 
Building or on the Land, to the extent such injury results, or is claimed 
to have resulted, from any negligent act or omission, or negligence on the 
part of Tenant, or Tenant’s contractors, licensees, agents, servants, 
employees, or customers, or anyone claiming by or through Tenant, except to 
the extent that such claims, actions, proceedings and expenses and costs 
are caused solely by the negligent acts or omissions of Landlord.  Tenant 
shall, at its own cost and expense, defend any and all suits or actions 
(just or unjust) in which Landlord may be impleaded with others upon any 
such above mentioned matter, claim or claims, except as may result from the 
acts as set forth in Section 14.02.  All merchandise, furniture, fixtures 
and property of every kind, nature and description of Tenant or Tenant’s 
employees, agents, contractors, invitees, visitors, or guests which may be 
in or upon the Premises or the Building during the Lease Term shall be at 
the sole risk and hazard of Tenant, and if the whole or any part thereof 
shall be damaged, destroyed, stolen or removed by reason of any cause or 
reason whatsoever, other than the negligence or willful misconduct of 
Landlord, no part of said damage or loss shall be charged to or borne by 
Landlord.
 
24
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
        14.02                 Landlord’s Liability.
         
To the fullest extent permitted by law, Landlord shall indemnify and save 
harmless Tenant from and against any and all liability, damage, penalties 
or judgments and from and against any claims, actions, proceedings and 
expenses and costs in connection therewith, including reasonable counsel 
fees, arising from (a) a default by Landlord which has not been cured 
within the applicable grace period or (b) injury to person or property 
sustained by anyone in and about the Building, or the Premises, or the Land 
to the extent such injury results, or is claimed to have resulted, from any 
negligent act or omission, or negligence on the part of Landlord, or 
Landlord’s contractors,  agents, or employees, except to the extent that 
such claims, actions, proceedings and expenses and costs are caused solely 
by the negligent acts or omissions of Tenant.  Landlord shall, at its own 
cost and expense, defend any and all suits or actions (just or unjust) in 
which Tenant may be impleaded with others upon any such above mentioned 
matter, claim or claims, except as may result from the acts as set forth in 
Section 14.01.
 
ARTICLE 15
Insurance
 
        15.01                 Liability Insurance.
         
Tenant, at its expense, shall maintain in force during the Lease Term 
commercial general liability insurance in a good and solvent insurance 
company or companies licensed to do business in the Commonwealth of 
Massachusetts selected by Tenant and reasonably satisfactory to Landlord in 
an amount reasonably required by Landlord from time to time but in any 
event not less than Five Million Dollars ($5,000,000.00) per occurrence 
with respect to bodily injury or property damage and Five Million Dollars 
($5,000,000.00)  in the aggregate (which such insurance limits may be 
satisfied through a combination of primary and umbrella coverage).  Such 
policy or policies shall include Landlord and Landlord’s managing agent and 
mortgagees as additional insureds.
 
Tenant shall also maintain in force during the Lease Term worker’s 
compensation insurance with statutory limits covering all of Tenant’s 
employees working at the Premises.
         
        15.02                 Casualty Insurance.
         
Unless Landlord shall elect to insure the same, Tenant shall cause all 
alterations and improvements to the Premises made by Tenant (“Tenant 
Improvements”) after the Basic Rent Commencement Date to be insured for the 
benefit of Landlord and Tenant, as their respective interests may appear, 
against loss or damage under all risk coverage satisfactory to Landlord in 
an amount equal to the replacement value thereof.
 
        15.03                 Certificates.
         
Tenant shall deliver certificates of the insurance required under Sections 
15.01 and 15.02 to Landlord as of the date hereof and thereafter promptly 
upon renewal of any such policy.  Any policy of insurance required 
hereunder shall not be cancelable without thirty (30) days’ written notice 
to Landlord.
 
25
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
        15.04                 Landlord Insurance.
         
Landlord shall maintain in full force from the date upon which Tenant first 
enters the Premises for any reason, throughout the Term, a policy of 
insurance upon the Building (inclusive of Tenant Improvements installed 
prior to the Basic Rent Commencement Date, but exclusive of Tenant 
Improvements installed thereafter)  insuring against all risks of physical 
loss or damage under an All Risk coverage endorsement in an amount at least 
equal to the full replacement value of the property insured, with an Agreed 
Amount endorsement to satisfy co-insurance requirements, as well as 
insurance against breakdown of boilers and other Building machinery as 
customarily insured against.  Landlord shall supply to Tenant from time to 
time upon request of Tenant certificates of all such insurance issued by or 
on behalf of the insurers named therein by a duly authorized agent.  All 
policies of insurance maintained by Landlord shall contain the same waiver 
of subrogation provisions for the benefit of Tenant as Tenant is required 
to obtain in its insurance policies for the benefit of Landlord.
 
ARTICLE 16
Waiver of Subrogation
 
        16.01                 Waiver of Subrogation.
         
All property insurance policies carried by either party covering the 
Premises, including but not limited to contents, shall expressly waive any 
right on the part of the insurer to make any claim against the other party. 
 The parties hereto agree that their policies will include such waiver 
clause or endorsement.
 
        16.02                 Waiver of Rights.
 
Each of Landlord and Tenant, on behalf of itself and its insurers, hereby 
waives all claims, causes of action and rights of recovery against the 
other and the other’s respective partners, agents, officers and employees, 
for any damage to or destruction of property or business which shall occur 
on or about the Building or Land and shall result from any of the perils 
insured under any and all policies of insurance maintained, or required to 
be maintained, by the waiving party, regardless of cause, including the 
negligence and intentional wrongdoing of either party and their respective 
agents, officers and employees but only to the extent of recovery (or the 
estimated extent of recovery had the required insurance been maintained), 
if any, under such policy or policies of insurance; provided however, that 
this waiver shall be ineffective in the event any such insurer would be 
relieved from the obligation to make payment pursuant to a policy of 
insurance by reason of this waiver.
 
ARTICLE 17
Damage or Destruction
 
        17.01                 Damage by Fire, Casualty, Eminent Domain.
         
In case of damage to the Premises by fire or casualty or action of public 
authority in consequence thereof, Landlord shall restore the Premises 
(inclusive of Tenant Improvements installed prior to the Basic Rent 
Commencement Date) to the same condition it was in prior to the damage, 
including any alterations or improvements made by parties other than 
Landlord (but subject to the last
 
26
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
sentence of this paragraph hereof), provided, however, that in no event 
shall Landlord be required to expend in the repair of the Premises and any 
other portions of the Building sustaining such damage more than the 
proceeds of such insurance made available to it by its mortgagee.  The work 
shall be commenced within thirty (30) days after receipt of the insurance 
proceeds and completed with due diligence except for delays due to 
governmental regulation, unusual scarcity of or inability to obtain labor 
or materials, or causes beyond Landlord’s reasonable control, and Landlord 
shall be entitled to receive and retain the proceeds of all insurance 
against the damage.  If insurance is not carried against the damage, or if 
the available insurance proceeds, in Landlord’s sole judgment, would be 
insufficient to cover the cost of repair to the Premises (inclusive of 
Tenant Improvements installed prior to the Basic Rent Commencement Date), 
Landlord shall either restore the Premises (inclusive of Tenant 
Improvements installed prior to the Basic Rent Commencement Date) to the 
same condition it was in prior to the damage or taking, including any 
alterations or improvements made by parties other than Landlord, or 
terminate this Lease by giving Tenant, within sixty (60) days after the 
damage, at least fifteen (15) days prior notice specifying the termination 
date.  Landlord acknowledges that Tenant may request that the Premises be 
restored pursuant to this Section 17.01 to a different, but better, 
condition than the prior condition of the Premises; provided, however, that 
if the cost of restoring the Premises to a different condition exceeds the 
cost of restoring the Premises to its existing condition, then Tenant shall 
pay the difference in such costs to the extent not covered by insurance 
proceeds to Landlord prior to commencement of restoration.
 
In the event that the Building is damaged or destroyed to the extent that 
Landlord shall reasonably determine that the same cannot, with reasonable 
diligence, be fully repaired or restored by Landlord within a period of 
nine (9) months after the date of receipt of insurance proceeds, Landlord 
and Tenant each shall have the option to terminate this Lease.  Landlord 
shall notify Tenant in writing within thirty (30) days after the date of 
such damage or destruction of its determination whether or not the Building 
can be fully repaired or restored within such nine (9) month period 
(“Determination Notice”).  In the event Landlord determines that 
restoration cannot be effected within such nine (9) month period, Landlord 
or Tenant each shall have the option to terminate this Lease by giving 
notice to the other party of such termination within seven (7) days after 
the date of the Determination Notice, which notice shall specify a 
termination date not less than forty-five (45) days nor more than sixty 
(60) days following the date of the notice (“Termination Notice”).  Failure 
to send the Termination Notice in a timely manner shall be conclusively 
presumed to be a waiver of such option to terminate.  If Landlord 
determines that the Building can be fully repaired or restored within such 
nine (9) month period, or if it is determined that such repair or 
restoration cannot be made within such period but neither Landlord or 
Tenant elects to terminate, this Lease shall remain in full force and 
effect.
 
If the Premises are materially damaged by fire or other casualty during the 
last twenty-four (24) months of the Term and Tenant has not exercised its 
Term extension rights under this Lease and the estimated restoration period 
exceeds the lesser of (i) ninety (90) days or (ii) twenty-five percent 
(25%) of the remaining Term, then either Landlord or Tenant shall have the 
right, exercisable by notice delivered within thirty (30) days after the 
date of such fire or other casualty,  to terminate this Lease, effective as 
of the date of delivery of such notice.
 
In case the Premises are rendered untenantable by fire or other casualty or 
action of public authority in consequence thereof, and this Lease is not 
terminated as herein provided, a just proportion
 
27
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
of the Rent and real estate taxes, according to the nature of the injury, 
shall be abated until the repair is completed.
 
        17.02                 Restoration.
         
Landlord may, but shall not be required to, repair or restore any Tenant 
Improvements made after the Basic Rent Commencement Date, but if Tenant 
requests that Landlord do so and Landlord agrees to do so, Tenant shall 
make the insurance proceeds applicable thereto available to Landlord, and 
if the insurance proceeds will be insufficient to pay the cost thereof, 
Tenant shall pay the amount of insufficiency to Landlord prior to 
commencement of restoration of such Tenant Improvements by Landlord.  If 
Landlord agrees to restore any Tenant Improvements made after the Basic 
Rent Commencement Date, the nine (9) month period described in Section 
17.01 shall be increased to take into account the additional time required 
to restore such Tenant Improvements, such additional time not to exceed 
three (3) months.  Landlord shall not be required to rebuild, repair, or 
replace any part of Tenant’s furniture, furnishings or fixtures or 
equipment. Landlord shall use diligent efforts to minimize impact on Tenant 
during restoration, but shall not be liable for any inconvenience or 
annoyance to Tenant or injury to the business of Tenant resulting in any 
way from such damage or the repair thereof unless Landlord fails to 
exercise such diligent efforts.
 
ARTICLE 18
Eminent Domain
 
        18.01                 Total Taking.
         
If the Premises or the Building should be the subject of a Total Taking, 
then this Lease shall terminate as of the date when physical possession of 
the Building or the Premises is taken by the condemning authority.
 
        18.02                 Partial Taking.
         
If there shall occur a Partial Taking, Rent shall be abated by an amount 
representing that part of the Rent properly allocable to the portion of the 
Premises so taken and Landlord shall, at Landlord’s sole expense, restore 
and reconstruct the Building (to the extent of the net proceeds made 
available to Landlord) and the Premises to substantially their former 
condition to the extent that the same, in Landlord’s judgment, may be 
feasible.  The Landlord shall have no liability for interruption of 
Tenant’s business.
 
        18.03                 Awards and Proceeds.
         
All Proceeds payable in respect of a Taking shall be the property of 
Landlord.  Tenant hereby assigns to Landlord all rights of Tenant in or to 
such Proceeds, provided that Tenant shall be entitled to separately 
petition the condemning authority for any separate award for its moving 
expenses and trade fixtures but only if such a separate award will not 
diminish the amount of Proceeds payable to Landlord.
 
28
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
ARTICLE 19
Quiet Enjoyment; Mortgagee’s Rights
 
        19.01                 Landlord’s Covenant.
         
Provided that an Event of Default has not occurred and is not then 
continuing, Tenant shall, subject to the Permitted Exceptions, quietly have 
and enjoy the Premises during the Lease Term, without hindrance or 
molestation from any Person lawfully claiming by, through or under 
Landlord.
 
        19.02                 Superiority of Lease:  Option to Subordinate.
         
The Building is not subject to a mortgage as of the date hereof.  In the 
event that the Building shall become subject to any mortgage or deed of 
trust lien, and the holder thereof desires to subordinate this Lease,  
Landlord, Tenant and applicable lender shall enter into a subordination, 
non-disturbance and attornment agreement (“SNDA”) in form and substance 
reasonably acceptable to Tenant (Tenant hereby agrees that the form 
attached hereto as Exhibit G is acceptable).  Tenant agrees to execute and 
deliver any appropriate instruments necessary to carry out the agreements 
contained in this Section 19.02.
 
        19.03                 Notice to Mortgagee.
         
No act or failure to act on the part of Landlord which would entitle Tenant 
under the terms of this Lease, or by law, to be relieved of Tenant’s 
obligations hereunder or to terminate this Lease, shall result in a release 
or termination of such obligations or a termination of this Lease unless 
(i) Tenant shall have first given written notice of Landlord’s act or 
failure to act to Landlord’s mortgagees of which Tenant has been given 
notice by Landlord (if any) specifying the act or failure to act on the 
part of Landlord which could or would give rise to Tenant’s rights, and 
(ii) such mortgagees, after receipt of such notice, have had the 
opportunity to cure such default within a reasonable time thereafter (not 
to exceed sixty (60) days after the date of such notice); but nothing 
contained in this Section 19.03 shall be deemed to impose any obligation on 
any such mortgagees to correct or cure any such condition.
 
        19.04                 Other Provisions Regarding Mortgagees.
         
If this Lease or the Rent due hereunder is assigned to a mortgagee as 
collateral security for a loan, no such mortgagee shall be deemed to have 
assumed any of Landlord’s obligations hereunder solely as a result of such 
assignment.  A mortgagee to whom this Lease has been so assigned shall be 
deemed to have assumed such obligations only if (i) by the terms of the 
instrument of assignment such mortgagee specifically elects to assume such 
obligations or (ii) such mortgagee has (a) foreclosed its mortgage, (b) 
accepted a deed in lieu thereof, (c) taken possession of the Premises by 
entry or otherwise, or (d) assumed such obligations by way of an SNDA or 
other agreement with Tenant.  Even if such mortgagee assumes the 
obligations of Landlord hereunder, but except to the extent provided in an 
SNDA or other agreement between the mortgagee and Tenant, (i) any such 
obligation under Section 24.01 to return the Security Deposit to Tenant 
shall be limited to the amount actually received by the mortgagee with 
respect thereto, and (ii) such mortgagee will be liable for breaches of any 
of Landlord’s obligations hereunder only to the extent such breaches occur 
during the period of ownership by the mortgagee after foreclosure (or any 
conveyance by a deed in lieu thereof), all as set
 
29
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
forth in Section 25.08. hereof.  If Tenant is not a public company, Tenant 
shall from time to time, at the request of Landlord or any of Landlord’s 
mortgagees, provide Landlord and such mortgagee with financial information 
pertaining to Tenant as Landlord or such mortgagee may reasonably request.
 
ARTICLE 20
Defaults; Events of Default
 
        20.01                 Defaults.
         
The following shall, if any requirement for notice or lapse of time or both 
has not been met, constitute Defaults, and, if such requirement for notice 
or lapse of time have been met, constitute Events of Default hereunder:
 
        (1)                                  Occurrence of any event set
        forth in Article 21 hereof;
         
        (2)                                  The failure of Tenant to pay
        Rent when the same shall be due and payable and the continuance of
        such failure for a period of five (5) days after Landlord shall
        give Tenant notice specifying such failure, provided, however, that
        if Tenant has failed to timely pay Rent more than two (2) times in
        a twelve (12) month period, Tenant shall not be entitled to further
        notice from Landlord;
         
        (3)                                  The failure of Tenant to
        observe any covenant made by it in Sections 13.01, 15.01 and 25.03
        hereof;
         
        (4)                                  The failure of Tenant to keep,
        observe or perform any of the other covenants, conditions and
        agreements herein contained on Tenant’s part to be kept, observed
        or performed and the continuance of such failure without the curing
        of same for a period of thirty (30) days after receipt by Tenant of
        notice in writing from Landlord specifying in reasonable detail the
        nature of such failure.
         
        20.02                 Extended Cure Period.
         
In the event that the Default under Section 20.01(4) is of such a nature 
that it cannot be cured within such thirty (30) day period, then such 
Default shall not be deemed to be an Event of Default so long as Tenant, 
after receiving such notice, proceeds to cure the Default as soon as 
reasonably possible and continues to take all steps reasonably necessary to 
complete the same within a period of time which, under all prevailing 
circumstances, shall be reasonable.  No such Default shall be deemed to be 
an Event of Default if and so long as Tenant shall be so proceeding to cure 
the same in good faith or be delayed in or prevented from curing the same 
by reason of Force Majeure.
 
30
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
ARTICLE 21
Insolvency
 
        21.01                 Insolvency.
         
If (1) there occurs with respect to Tenant an Insolvency or (2) any 
execution or attachment is issued against Tenant or any of its property and 
as a result thereof the Premises are taken or occupied by some Person other 
than Tenant, except as may herein be permitted, then an Event of Default 
hereunder shall be deemed to have occurred so that the provisions of 
Article 22 hereof shall become effective and Landlord shall have the rights 
and remedies provided for therein.
 
ARTICLE 22
Landlord’s Remedies; Damages on Default
 
        22.01                 Landlord’s Remedies.
         
If an Event of Default shall occur and be continuing, Landlord may, at its 
option, give to Tenant a notice terminating this Lease upon a date 
specified in such notice, or Landlord may enter the Premises for the 
purpose of terminating this Lease, and upon the date specified in said 
notice or upon such entry the term and estate hereby vested in Tenant shall 
cease and any and all other right, title and interest of Tenant hereunder 
shall likewise cease without further notice or lapse of time, as fully and 
with like effect as if the entire Lease Term had lapsed, but Tenant shall 
continue to be liable to Landlord as hereinafter provided.
 
If such Event of Default results from Tenant’s failure to pay any sums 
payable under Section 7.01, Landlord may, at its option, in addition to or 
in lieu of the other remedies available to Landlord, refuse Tenant access 
to the Premises.
 
        22.02                 Surrender.
         
Upon any termination of this Lease as the result of an Event of Default, 
Tenant shall quit and peacefully surrender the Premises to Landlord.  Upon 
or at any time after any such termination, Landlord may without further 
notice enter the Premises and possess itself thereof by summary proceedings 
or otherwise, and may dispossess Tenant and remove Tenant and all other 
Persons and property from the Premises and may have, hold and enjoy the 
Premises and the right to receive all rental income of and from the same.
 
        22.03                 Right to Relet.
         
At any time from time to time after any termination of this Lease as the 
result of an Event of Default, Landlord may relet the Premises or any part 
thereof, in the name of Landlord or otherwise, for such term or terms 
(which may be greater or less than the period which would otherwise have 
constituted the balance of the Lease Term) and on such conditions (which 
may include concessions or free rent) as Landlord, in its reasonable 
discretion, may determine and may collect and receive the rents therefor.  
Landlord shall in no way be responsible or liable for any failure to relet 
the Premises or any part thereof, or for any failure to collect any rent 
due upon any such reletting.
 
31
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
        22.04                 Survival of Covenants.
         
No termination of this Lease as the result of an Event of Default shall 
relieve Tenant of its liability and obligations under this Lease and such 
liability and obligations shall survive any such termination.  Tenant shall 
indemnify and hold Landlord harmless from all loss, cost, expense, damage 
or liability arising out of or in connection with such termination.
 
In the event of any such termination, Tenant shall pay to the Landlord the 
Rent up to the date of such termination.  Tenant shall also pay to 
Landlord, on demand, as and for liquidated and agreed damages for Tenant’s 
Default, the present value of the difference between
 
        (1)                                  the aggregate Rent which would
        have been payable under this Lease by Tenant from the date of such
        termination until the Stated Expiration Date, and
         
        (2)                                  the fair and reasonable rental
        value of the Premises for the same period excluding Landlord’s
        reasonable estimate of expenses to be incurred in connection with
        reletting the Premises, including, without limitation, all
        repossession costs, brokerage commissions, legal expenses,
        reasonable attorney’s fees, alteration costs and expenses of
        preparation for such reletting.
         
If the Premises or any part thereof shall be relet by Landlord before 
presentation of proof of such liquidated damages to any court, commission 
or tribunal, the amount of rent reserved upon such reletting shall be, 
prima facie, the fair and reasonable rental value for the part or the whole 
of the Premises so relet during the term of the reletting.
 
As additional and cumulative obligations after any such termination, Tenant 
shall also pay punctually to Landlord all the sums and shall perform all 
the obligations which Tenant covenants in this Lease to pay and to perform 
in the same manner and to the same extent and at the same time as if this 
Lease had not been terminated.  In calculating the amounts to be paid by 
Tenant pursuant to the preceding sentence, Tenant shall be credited with 
any amount paid to Landlord pursuant to the second paragraph of this 
Section 22.04 and also with the net proceeds of any rent obtained by 
Landlord by reletting the Premises, after deducting all Landlord’s 
reasonable expenses in connection with such reletting, including, without 
limitation, all repossession costs,  fees for legal services and expenses 
of preparing the Premises for such reletting, all to the extent Landlord 
has not been previously compensated therefor by Tenant, it being agreed by 
Tenant that Landlord may (i) relet the Premises or any part or parts 
thereof for a term or terms which may at Landlord’s option be equal to or 
less than or exceed the period which would otherwise have constituted the 
balance of the term hereof and may grant such concessions and free rent as 
Landlord in its reasonable judgment considers advisable or necessary to 
relet the same and (ii) make such alterations, repairs and decorations in 
the Premises as Landlord in its reasonable judgment considers advisable or 
necessary to relet the same, and no action of Landlord in accordance with 
the foregoing or failure to relet or to collect rent under reletting shall 
operate or be construed to release or reduce Tenant’s liability as 
aforesaid.
 
Nothing herein contained shall limit or prejudice the right of Landlord to 
prove for and obtain in proceedings for bankruptcy or insolvency by reason 
of the termination of this Lease, an amount equal to the maximum allowed by 
any statute or rule of law in effect at the time when, and governing
 
32
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
the proceedings in which, such damages are to be proved, whether or not 
such amount be greater, equal to, or less than the amount of the difference 
referred to above.
 
        22.05                 Right to Equitable Relief.
         
If there shall occur a Default or threatened Default, Landlord shall be 
entitled to enjoin such Default or threatened Default and shall have the 
right to invoke any right and remedy allowed at law or in equity or by 
statute or otherwise as though re-entry, summary proceedings, and other 
remedies were not provided for in this Lease.
 
        22.06                 Landlord’s Right to Self Help;  Interest on
        Overdue Rent.
         
If an Event of Default shall occur and be continuing, Landlord shall have 
the right, but shall not be obligated, to enter upon the Premises and to 
perform  the defaulted obligation notwithstanding the fact that no specific 
provision for such substituted performance by Landlord is made in this 
Lease with respect to such Event of Default.  In performing such 
obligation, Landlord may make any payment of money or perform any other 
act.  The aggregate of (i) all sums so paid by Landlord, (ii) interest (at 
the rate of 1 1/2% per month or the highest rate permitted by law, 
whichever is less) on such sums and (iii) all necessary incidental costs 
and expenses in connection with the performance of any such act by 
Landlord, shall be deemed to be Rent under this Lease and shall be payable 
to Landlord immediately upon demand.  Landlord may exercise the foregoing 
rights without waiving any other of its rights or releasing Tenant from any 
of its obligations under this Lease.
 
All Rent not paid when due shall bear interest at the rate provided in the 
preceding paragraph, payable on demand.
 
        22.07                 Payment of Landlord’s Cost of Enforcement.
         
Tenant shall pay, on demand, Landlord’s expenses, including reasonable 
attorney’s fees, incurred in enforcing any obligation of Tenant under this 
Lease or in curing any default by Tenant under this Lease as provided in 
Section 22.06.
 
        22.08                 Further Remedies.
         
Upon any termination of this Lease pursuant to Section 22.01, or at any 
time thereafter, Landlord may, in addition to and without prejudice to any 
other rights and remedies Landlord shall have at law or in equity, re enter 
the Premises, and recover possession thereof and may dispossess any or all 
occupants of the Premises in the manner prescribed by the statute relating 
to summary proceedings, or similar statute(s); but Tenant in such case 
shall remain liable to Landlord as hereinbefore provided.
 
33
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
ARTICLE 23
Waivers; Landlord Default
 
        23.01                 No Waivers.
         
Failure of Landlord to complain of any act or omission on the part of 
Tenant no matter how long the same may continue, shall not be deemed to be 
a waiver by said Landlord of any of its rights hereunder.  No waiver by 
Landlord of any provision of this Lease shall be deemed a waiver of a 
breach of the same or any other provision.  No acceptance by Landlord of 
any partial payment shall constitute an accord or satisfaction but shall 
only be deemed a partial payment on account.
 
        23.02                 Landlord Default
         
Landlord shall be deemed to be in default of this Lease if Landlord shall 
be in default in the prompt and full performance of any other of its 
promises, covenants or agreements contained in this Lease and such default 
in performance continues for more than thirty (30) days after written 
notice thereof from Tenant to Landlord specifying the particulars of such 
default or breach of performance; provided, however, that if the default 
complained of, other than for the payment of monies, is of such a nature 
that the same cannot be rectified or cured within such thirty (30) day 
period, then such default shall be deemed to be rectified or cured if 
Landlord, within such thirty (30) day period, shall have commenced such 
cure and shall continue thereafter with due diligence to cause such cure to 
be completed.  Upon any default of this Lease by Landlord, Tenant shall be 
entitled to pursue any and all remedies available to Tenant at law or in 
equity.
 
ARTICLE 24
Security Deposit
 
        24.01                 Security Deposit.
         
Tenant has deposited the Security Deposit with Landlord.  Landlord shall 
hold the Security Deposit as security for the full and faithful payment or 
performance by Tenant of its obligations under this Lease and not as a 
prepayment of Rent. Landlord may commingle the Security Deposit with other 
funds of Landlord and shall not be liable to Tenant for the payment of 
interest thereon or profits therefrom. Landlord may expend such amounts 
from the Security Deposit as may be necessary to cure any Default and, in 
such case, Tenant shall pay to Landlord the amount so expended, on demand.  
Landlord may assign the Security Deposit to any subsequent owner of the 
Building and thereafter Landlord shall have no further liability to Tenant 
with respect thereto.  As soon as reasonably practicable after the Lease 
Termination Date, Landlord shall (i) inspect the Premises, (ii) make such 
payments from the Security Deposit as may be required to cure any 
outstanding Default hereunder and (iii) if no Default is then continuing, 
pay the balance of the Security Deposit to Tenant.
 
The Security Deposit may be in the form of an irrevocable, unconditional, 
negotiable letter of credit (the “Letter of Credit”). The Letter of Credit 
shall: (a) be in the  amount required hereby; (b) be in form and substance 
satisfactory to Landlord; (c) name Landlord as its beneficiary; (d) be 
drawn on an FDIC insured financial institution reasonably satisfactory to 
the Landlord; (e) expire no earlier than sixty (60) days after the 
Termination Date of this Lease (f) be transferable by Landlord as 
beneficiary
 
34
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
upon presentation of the letter of credit, a transfer certificate in the 
form attached to the letter of credit and the payment by Landlord of a 
transfer administrative fee acceptable to Landlord set forth on the face of 
the letter of credit.  If any reasonable transfer fee is required in 
connection with the sale of the Building by Landlord, Landlord shall be 
solely responsible for payment of such fee. If Landlord shall reasonably 
determine at any time that the issuer is no longer satisfactory, Tenant 
shall provide a replacement Letter of Credit complying with the foregoing 
within thirty (30) days after notice from Landlord.
 
ARTICLE 25
General Provisions
 
        25.01                 Force Majeure.
         
In the event that Landlord or Tenant shall be delayed, hindered in or 
prevented from the performance of any act required hereunder by reason of 
Force Majeure, then performance of such act shall be excused for the period 
of the delay and the period for the performance of any such act shall be 
extended for a period equivalent to the period of such delay.
 
        25.02                 Notices and Communications.
         
All notices, demands, requests, consents, approvals and other 
communications provided for or permitted under this Lease shall be in 
writing, either delivered by hand or sent by registered or certified mail, 
postage prepaid or by a recognized courier which maintains delivery 
records, to the following address:
 
        (a)                                  if to Landlord at the address
        stated in Section 1.01 hereof, or at such other address as Landlord
        shall have designated in writing to the Tenant, with a copy to such
        Persons as Landlord shall have designated in writing to Tenant; or
         
        (b)                                 if to Tenant at the address
        stated in Section 1.01 hereof, or at such other address as Tenant
        shall have designated in writing to Landlord, with a copy to such
        persons as Tenant shall have designated in writing to Landlord.
         
Any notice provided for herein shall become effective only upon and at the 
time of receipt by the Person to whom it is given, unless such notice is 
mailed by registered or certified mail, in which case it shall be deemed to 
be received on (i) the third Business Day following the mailing thereof or 
(ii) the day of its receipt, if a Business Day, or the next succeeding 
Business Day, whichever of (i) or (ii) shall be the earlier.
 
        25.03                 Tenant Estoppel Certificate.
         
Tenant shall, without charge, at any time and from time to time hereafter, 
within fifteen (15) days after written request of Landlord, certify by 
written instrument in the form of Exhibit F, duly executed and acknowledged 
to Landlord or any mortgagee or purchaser, or proposed mortgagee or 
proposed purchaser, or any Person specified in such request; (a) as to 
whether this Lease has been supplemented or amended, and if so, the 
substance and manner of such supplement or amendment, (b) 
 
35
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
as to the existence of any Default or Event of Default, (c) as to the 
existence of any offsets, counterclaims or defenses thereto on the part of 
Tenant, (d) as to the Term Commencement Date and Stated Expiration Date, 
and (e) as to the other matters set forth in Exhibit F and any other 
matters as Landlord may reasonably request.  Any such certificate may be 
relied upon by Landlord and any other Person to whom the same may be 
exhibited or delivered, and the contents of such certificate shall be 
binding on the party executing same.
 
        25.04                 Governing Law.
         
This Lease and the performance thereof shall be governed, interpreted, 
construed and regulated by the laws of The Commonwealth of Massachusetts.
 
        25.05                 Partial Invalidity.
         
If any term, covenant, condition or provision of this Lease or the 
application thereof to any person or circumstance shall, at any time or to 
any extent, be invalid or unenforceable, the remainder of this Lease, or 
the application of such term or provision to persons or circumstances other 
than those as to which it is held invalid or unenforceable, shall not be 
affected thereby, and each term, covenant, condition and provision of this 
Lease shall be valid and be enforced to the fullest extent permitted by 
law.
 
        25.06                 Notice of Lease.
         
The parties will at any time, at the request of either one, promptly 
execute duplicate originals of an instrument, in recordable form, which 
will constitute a Notice of Lease, setting forth a description of the 
Premises and the Lease Term.  The cost of review and recording shall be 
borne by Tenant.
 
        25.07                 Interpretation.
         
The Section headings used herein are for reference and convenience only and 
shall not enter into the interpretation hereof.  This Lease may be executed 
in several counterparts, each of which shall be an original, but all of 
which shall constitute one and the same instrument.
 
        25.08                 Bind and Inure; Limitation of Landlord’s
        Liability.
         
The obligations of this Lease shall run with the land, and this Lease shall 
be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their 
respective successors and assigns. No owner of the Land and Building shall 
be liable under this Lease except for breaches of Landlord’s obligations 
occurring while owner of the Land and Building.  The obligations of 
Landlord shall be binding upon the assets of Landlord which comprise the 
Land and Building but not upon other assets of Landlord.  No individual 
partner, trustee, stockholder, officer, director, employee or beneficiary 
of Landlord shall be personally liable under this Lease and Tenant shall 
look solely to Landlord’s interest in the Land and Building in pursuit of 
its remedies upon an event of default hereunder, and the general assets of 
Landlord and its partners, trustees, stockholders, officers, employees or 
beneficiaries of Landlord shall not be subject to levy, execution or other 
enforcement procedure for the satisfaction of the remedies of Tenant.
 
36
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

 
        25.09                 Parties.
         
Except as herein otherwise expressly provided, the covenants, conditions 
and agreements contained in this Lease shall be binding upon the heirs, 
successors and assigns of the Parties hereto.
 
ARTICLE 26
Miscellaneous
 
        26.01                 Holdover.
         
In the event Tenant shall fail to vacate the Premises by the Lease 
Termination Date, Tenant shall pay Basic Rent to Landlord in an amount 
equal to one and one-half (1.5) times the monthly Basic Rent for each month 
or portion thereof that Tenant remains in possession (the “Holdover Rental 
Rate”). Tenant shall also pay all Additional Rent provided herein.  The 
Holdover Rental Rate shall be paid monthly in advance to Landlord.  In 
determining the Holdover Rental Rate Landlord shall charge one and one-half 
(1.5) times the monthly Basic Rent in effect for the last full calendar 
month of the Lease Term.  In addition to the Holdover Rental Rate, Landlord 
shall be entitled to seek to recover full damages sustained as a result of 
said holdover if such holdover is greater than thirty (30) days after the 
Lease Termination Date.
 
        26.02                 Reciprocal Litigation Costs
         
In the event of any litigation between Landlord and Tenant, the 
unsuccessful party as determined by a court of competent jurisdiction shall 
reimburse the successful party for all reasonable legal fees and expenses 
incurred by the successful party in prosecuting or defending any such 
action.
 
        26.03                 Brokerage.
         
Tenant warrants and represents to Landlord that it has had no dealings with 
any broker or agent in connection with this Lease other than T3 Realty 
Advisors, LLC and covenants to defend, with counsel approved by Landlord, 
hold harmless and indemnify Landlord from and against any and all cost, 
expense or liability for any compensation, commissions and charges claimed 
by any broker or agent other than T3 Realty Advisors, LLC based upon 
dealings with Tenant.  Landlord shall pay T3 Realty Advisors, LLC a 
commission based on a standard Industrial schedule.
 
In the event Tenant exercises its Right of First Offer during the original 
lease term on the additional 22,000 square feet and a mutually acceptable 
lease amendment is executed between Landlord and Tenant incorporating this 
additional square footage into the Lease, and T3 Realty Advisors, LLC 
remains the broker of record, T3 Realty Advisors, LLC shall be paid an 
additional commission by the Landlord based on a standard industrial 
schedule.
 
        26.04                 Landlord’s Expenses Regarding Consents.
         
Tenant shall reimburse Landlord promptly on demand for all reasonable legal 
and other out-of-pocket expenses incurred by Landlord in connection with 
all requests by Tenant for consent or
 
37
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
approval hereunder, except that there shall be no charge to Tenant for 
Landlord’s review of the initial Tenant Improvement Plans.
 
        26.05                 Financial Statements.
         
If Tenant is not a public company, within ten (10) days after request by 
Landlord from time to time, Tenant shall deliver to Landlord Tenant’s 
audited financial statements (which shall be for the latest available year 
and in any event for a year ended not more than fifteen (15) months prior 
to Landlord’s request).  Such financial statements may be delivered to 
Landlord’s mortgagees and lenders and prospective mortgagees, lenders, 
investors and purchasers.
 
        26.06                 Signage.
         
Landlord will permit Tenant to install, at Tenant’s sole cost and expense, 
exterior building signage on the I-495 (east) side of the Building as well 
as monument signage at the main entrance off  Flanders Road and on the 
exterior of the Building above the main entrance.  Landlord will provide 
appropriate directional signage for deliveries.  All signage shall be 
subject to Landlord’s reasonable prior approval, such approval not to be 
unreasonably withheld, and in accordance with Legal Requirements.
 
        26.07                 Option to Extend Term.
         
Tenant shall have the option to extend the term of this Lease for one (1) 
five (5) year extension term (“Extension Term”) provided (i) no Event of 
Default shall exist at the time such option is exercised (ii) Tenant has 
not assigned this Lease or sublet the Premises at the time such option is 
exercised, and (iii) Tenant shall give written notice to Landlord of its 
exercise of such option not less than nine (9) months prior to expiration 
of the original term, time being of the essence for the giving of such 
notice.  The giving of such notice by Tenant shall automatically extend the 
Term of this Lease for the Extension Term and no instrument of renewal need 
be executed.  All of the terms and provisions of this Lease shall be 
applicable during the Extension Term except (a) Tenant shall have no option 
to extend the term of the Lease beyond the Extension Term, (b) the Basic 
Rent for the Extension Term shall be the greater of the Basic Rent in 
effect immediately prior to the Extension Term or ninety-five percent (95%) 
of the then Market Rent (defined below) as of the first day of the 
Extension Term.
 
“Market Rent” shall be computed as of the applicable date at the then 
current rentals being charged to new tenants for comparable space located 
in the vicinity of the Building, taking into account and giving effect to, 
in determining comparability, without limitation, such considerations as 
size, location, and lease term.
 
Landlord shall initially designate the Market Rent and shall furnish data 
in support of such designation.  If Tenant disagrees with Landlord’s 
designation of Market Rent, then Tenant shall have the right, by written 
notice given within twenty-one (21) days after Tenant has been notified of 
Landlord’s designation, to submit such Market Rent to arbitration as 
follows.  Market Rent shall be determined by arbitrators, one to be chosen 
by Tenant, one to be chosen by Landlord and a third to be selected, if 
necessary, as below provided.  If within twenty (20) days after Tenant’s 
notice, the parties
 
38
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
agree upon a single arbitrator, Market Rent shall be determined by such 
arbitrator.  The unanimous written decision of the two first chosen 
arbitrators without selection and participation of a third arbitrator, or 
otherwise the written decision of a majority of the three arbitrators 
chosen and selected as provided herein, shall be conclusive and binding 
upon Landlord and Tenant.  Landlord and Tenant shall each notify the other 
of its chosen arbitrator within twenty-one (21) days following the call for 
arbitration and, unless such two arbitrators shall have reached a unanimous 
decision within thirty (30) days after their designation, then they shall 
so notify the then President of the Boston Bar Association and request him 
to select an impartial third arbitrator, who shall be another office 
building owner, a real estate counselor or a broker dealing with like types 
of properties, to determine Market Rent as herein defined.  Such third 
arbitrator and the first two chosen shall hear the parties and their 
evidence and render their decision within thirty (30) days following the 
conclusion of such hearing and notify Landlord and Tenant thereof. Landlord 
and Tenant shall bear the expense of the third arbitrator (if any) equally. 
If the dispute between the parties as to Market Rent has not been resolved 
before the commencement of Tenant’s obligation to pay rent under the Lease 
in Market Rent, then Tenant shall pay rent under the Lease in respect of 
the Premises based upon the Market Rent designated by Landlord until either 
the agreement of the parties as to the Market Rent or the decision of the 
arbitrators, as the case may be, at which time Tenant shall pay any 
underpayment of rent to Landlord, or Landlord shall refund any overpayment 
of rent to Tenant.
 
        26.08                 Tenant’s Option to Terminate.
         
Tenant shall have the right, on the date which is the fifth (5th) 
anniversary of the Basic Rent Commencement Date (the “Termination Date”), 
to terminate this Lease.  Such option shall be exercised by Tenant giving 
Landlord notice (the “Termination Notice”) of its intention so to 
terminate, which notice shall be given not less than twelve (12) months 
prior to the Termination Date, time being of the essence for the giving of 
such notice.  If Tenant exercises its termination option as aforesaid, then 
this Lease shall terminate as of the Termination Date just as if such date 
were the date of expiration of the Term, provided, however, that Tenant 
shall pay to Landlord, and as a condition to the effectiveness of the 
Termination Notice, a payment (the “Termination Payment”) equal to the 
following unamortized transaction costs: leasing commissions, the Allowance 
(as defined in Exhibit C), costs of the Predelivery Landlord’s Work and the 
Additional Landlord’s Work, reasonable attorney’s fees, reasonable 
architectural and engineering fees, all amortized on a level payment direct 
reduction basis over the original Term, with interest at the rate of ten 
percent (10%) interest per annum, plus an amount equal to six (6) months of 
the Basic Rent at the rate provided for the last five (5) years of the 
Lease Term.  The Termination Payment shall be due with the Termination 
Notice.  At the request of either party, the amount of the Termination 
Payment shall be memorialized in writing once all costs have been finally 
determined.
 
        26.09                 Expansion; Right of First Offer.
         
(a)           In the event Tenant requests expansion into the remaining 
22,000 square foot space (the “Expansion Space”) currently leased (the “Bel 
Lease”) by Bel Power (“Bel”) prior to Bel’s lease expiration date of 
February 28, 2014 (the “Bel Expiration Date”), Landlord shall use its best 
efforts (but without liability if it shall be unsuccessful) to enter into 
an early termination with Bel and, if Landlord is successful, this Lease 
shall be amended to incorporate the Expansion Space on all of the
 
39
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
same terms and conditions as are applicable to the Premises, and the Term 
of the Lease for the Expansion Space shall be coterminous with the Lease 
Term except that (i) the Expansion Space shall be leased AS IS with no 
Landlord construction obligations and no allowance except that Landlord 
shall complete the Bel Power Space Environmental Work in the Expansion 
Space shown on Exhibit C prior to Tenant’s occupancy thereof and (ii) for 
the period prior to February 28, 2014, the Basic Rent shall be the per 
square foot Basic Rent in effect from time to time under this Lease, 
adjusted to compensate Landlord for the net cost to Landlord of effecting 
such early termination (including any reduction of rent arising therefrom), 
if any, but in no event shall the Basic Rent for the Expansion Space for 
the period from the Expansion Space Rent Commencement Date (as hereinafter 
defined) to February 28, 2014 exceed the basic rent that would have been 
payable under the Bel Lease during such period; and from and after March 1, 
2014 through the Stated Expiration Date (as the same may be extended or 
terminated), the Basic Rent for the Expansion Space shall be the per foot 
Basic Rent in effect from time to time under this Lease.  Landlord’s 
obligation to use its best efforts to enter into an early termination of 
the Bel Lease pursuant to this Section 26.09(a) shall not include any 
obligation to make any termination or other payment to Bel unless Tenant 
provides the funds therefor.
 
The “Expansion Space Rent Commencement Date” shall be the date upon which 
the Expansion Space is delivered to Tenant broom clean and free of all 
occupants with the Bel Power Space Environmental Work shown on Exhibit C 
complete.
 
(b)           Provided Tenant has not committed more than two (2) Events of 
Default in the preceding eighteen (18) month period prior to exercise, 
Tenant shall have a continuing right of first offer to lease the Expansion 
Space on the following terms and conditions:
 
            (i)                                     Prior to offering the
            Expansion Space for lease to third parties, Landlord shall
            first advise Tenant in writing (the “Offer Notice”) of the
            terms and conditions upon which Landlord is prepared to lease
            the Expansion Space, including term, rent, additional rent and,
            if applicable, tenant improvement and allowance packages, free
            rent and any other relevant terms (the “Offered Terms”);
             
            (ii)                                  Tenant shall accept or
            reject the offer made in the Offer Notice within fifteen (15)
            days after the date of delivery of the Offer Notice (Tenant’s
            failure to accept such offer in writing within such fifteen-day
            period shall be deemed an election to reject such offer);
             
            (iii)                               In the event Tenant timely
            accepts the offer set forth in the Offer Notice, Landlord and
            Tenant shall within fifteen (15) days after the date of
            acceptance enter into an amendment to this Lease incorporating
            the Expansion Space into the Premises on the Offered Terms,
            except that if the Offered Terms for the Expansion Space
            include a term that would expire before the expiration date of
            the  Lease Term, then the term for the Expansion Space shall be
            extended to be made coterminous with the  Lease Term, and the
            Rent for such extended period shall be the Rent in effect for
            the final year as set forth in the Offered Terms;
 
40
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
            (iv)                              In the event Tenant rejects
            or is deemed to have rejected the offer set forth in the Offer
            Notice, Landlord shall be free for a period of 210 days after
            the date of rejection or deemed rejection (the “Marketing
            Period”) to lease the Expansion Space to a third party or
            parties on terms not materially more favorable to such party or
            parties than the Offered Terms (with respect to rental rate,
            “materially” as used herein shall mean a net effective rental
            rate that is more than ten percent (10%) lower than the net
            effective rental rate set forth in the Offer Notice); and
             
            (v)                                 In the event Landlord has
            not by expiration of the Marketing Period executed a lease with
            a third party complying with the provisions of clause (iv)
            above, then Tenant’s right of first offer shall again apply to
            the Expansion Space.
             
(c)           Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, 
if, prior to the Bel Expiration Date, Bel desires to assign its interest 
under the Bel Lease or sublease all or a portion of the Expansion Space to 
a third-party, Landlord shall notify Tenant of the proposed Bel assignment 
or subletting within two (2) business days after Landlord receives notice 
thereof from Bel.  If Tenant notifies Landlord within five (5) days after 
receipt of notice from Landlord that Tenant desires to expand into the 
Expansion Space (or the portion thereof available), Landlord shall 
terminate the lease with Bel in the case of an assignment or, in case of a 
sublease, terminate the Bel Lease with respect to the portion of the 
Expansion Space intended to be subject thereto, such termination to be 
effective as of the date such assignment or sublease would have commenced.  
If Landlord terminates the Bel Lease in whole or in part pursuant to the 
foregoing, Tenant shall lease the Expansion Space (or portion thereof) as 
of the Expansion Space Rent Commencement Date on the terms and conditions 
set forth in Section 26.09(a) above.
 
(d)           Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein or 
in the Bel Lease, if Bel agrees to assign its interest under the Bel Lease 
or sublease the Expansion Space to Tenant, no consent of Landlord shall be 
required and, if the Bel Lease is assigned to Tenant, Landlord shall 
execute such release of Bel of Bel’s obligations under the Bel Lease for 
the period following assignment as may reasonably be requested by Bel. 
Landlord shall not be required to complete the Bel Power Space 
Environmental Work in the Expansion Space shown on Exhibit C. Upon the 
expiration of the assignment or subletting arrangement with Bel on the Bel 
Expiration Date, this Lease shall be amended to incorporate the Expansion 
Space on all of the same terms and conditions as are applicable to the 
Premises, and the Basic Rent for the Expansion Space shall be the per 
square foot rental rate then in effect under this Lease for the remainder 
of the Premises, and (iii) the term of the lease for the Expansion Space 
shall be coterminous with the Lease Term (as the same may be extended or 
terminated).
 
        26.10                 HVAC.
         
Tenant shall have the right to operate the multiple gas fired roof top 
units with supplemental gas fired hanging heaters at the Premises 
twenty-four (24) hours per day, seven (7) days per week.  Tenant shall have 
full control of the temperature within the Premises.  Subject to Landlord’s 
review and approval of the HVAC Equipment specifications and Tenant’s 
installation plans by a qualified contractor or vendor selected by Tenant 
in its sole discretion, such approval not to be unreasonably
 
41
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
withheld, Tenant shall be permitted to replace, at Tenant’s sole cost, the 
heating, ventilating, and air conditioning systems and appurtenances (“HVAC 
Equipment”) serving the Premises throughout the Lease Term with equal or 
better equipment.  Any such installation of HVAC Equipment by Tenant during 
the Term shall be performed in a manner that does not void the current roof 
warranty of the Building.  Tenant shall be responsible for the cost of 
replacement of HVAC Equipment throughout the Lease Term; provided, however, 
that Landlord shall not be permitted to seek reimbursement from Tenant for 
replacement of any HVAC Equipment that is not beyond its useful life unless 
such HVAC Equipment is malfunctioning or non-functional.
 
        26.11                 Generator.
         
Tenant, at Tenant’s sole cost, shall have the right to install a generator 
on an existing pad on the south side of the Building, with Landlord 
approval, not to be unreasonably withheld.
 
        26.12                 LN2 Tank.
         
Landlord shall endeavor (at no cost to Landlord) to arrange for the use by 
Tenant of an existing LN2 tank at the Building that is operated and leased 
by another tenant.   If Tenant is permitted use of such tank, Tenant shall 
have the right but not the obligation to change the size of the tank.  Use 
of the tank shall be subject to Landlord’s review and approval, not to be 
unreasonably withheld.
 
        26.13                 Test Trailer.
         
Subject to Landlord’s approval, which shall not be unreasonably withheld, 
and compliance by Tenant with all applicable Legal Requirements, Tenant, at 
its expense, shall have the right to install a test trailer (the “Test 
Trailer”) on the Premises, to be located at the rear of Building in the 
parking lot or on existing concrete slab.  Tenant, at its expense, will 
install power to this Test Trailer
 
        26.14                 Patio.
         
Subject to Landlord’s approval, which shall not be unreasonably withheld, 
and compliance by Tenant will all applicable Legal Requirements, Tenant 
shall have the right to construct a patio for outdoor seating located near 
rear employee entrance.
 
        26.15                 Smoking Area.
         
Subject to Landlord’s approval, which shall not be unreasonably withheld, 
and compliance by Tenant will all applicable Legal Requirements, Tenant 
shall have the right to install an outdoor covered smoking area located 
near employee entrance.
 
        26.16                 Loading.
         
Tenant shall have the exclusive use of all loading docks within its 
Premises.  Landlord shall allow Tenant to construct a metal structure 
around four (4) of the loading docks to create a secure and weather 
resistant enclosure large enough to house 53 foot tractor trailers.  
Construction and use of this
 
42
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
structure shall be subject to all applicable Legal Requirements and 
Landlord’s review and approval, not to be unreasonably withheld.
 
        26.17                 Parking.
         
Tenant shall be provided parking in common with the other tenants at the 
Building on an open lot adjacent to the Building in accordance with the 
terms of “Exhibit I” attached hereto.
 
        26.18                 Roof.
         
Landlord represents and warrants that the roof of the Building was replaced 
with a Sika Sarnafil 60 mil, fully adhered white PVC roof in April, 2009.  
Landlord shall provide to Tenant, upon Tenant’s request, a copy of the 
twenty (20) year manufacturer warranty obtained in connection with this 
roof replacement.
 
        26.19                 Compliance with Laws.
         
Landlord represents and warrants to Tenant that as of the date hereof (a) 
the base Building core, shell and surrounding site work comply in all 
material respects with all applicable zoning, land use and environmental 
laws, regulations, agreements and building codes, including without 
limitation, the requirements of the Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA) 
and all regulations thereunder, and the requirements of all easement and 
encumbrance documents and, subject to Tenant’s obligations under this 
Lease, Landlord covenants to keep the same materially, in compliance 
throughout the Term; (b) the Permitted Uses are permitted as of right on 
the parcel described on “Exhibit A”; (c) Landlord holds fee simple title to 
the parcel described on “Exhibit A”, subject to no mortgage; (d) Landlord 
has full power and authority to enter into this Lease and has obtained all 
consents and taken all actions necessary in connection therewith; and (e) 
no other party has any possessory right to the Premises or has claimed the 
same.
 
        26.20                 Environmental.
         
Landlord covenants that it has provided to Tenant all reports and material 
documents relating to the environmental status of the Land and the Building 
in Landlord’s possession.  Prior to the Term Commencement Date, Landlord 
shall perform the environmental testing provided in Exhibit C.
 
        26.21                 Expedited Arbitration.
         
Whenever this Lease calls for expedited arbitration, such arbitration shall 
be conducted under this Section 26.21.  An arbitration under this Section 
26.21 (“Expedited Arbitration”) shall be conducted by one neutral 
Arbitrator (who shall be retired judge experienced in resolving commercial 
real property disputes in Massachusetts and who shall be independent and 
unaffiliated with either party) mutually agreed upon by the parties, or if 
they cannot agree on a single arbitrator within five (5) business days 
after this Section 26.21 is invoked, then by JAMS, which shall select such 
single arbitrator from a list of no more than five (5) names submitted by 
each party to the Expedited Arbitration.  The Arbitrator so selected shall 
then hold a hearing within five (5) business days after notification to him 
of his selection, at which each party may present its position on the issue 
in
 
43
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
question, with any written documents and testimony of witnesses that such 
party believes is necessary to support its position; provided, however, no 
party shall be permitted to present more than eight (8) hours of witness 
testimony and argument to the Arbitrator, unless both parties agree 
otherwise.  There shall be no discovery procedures allowed in connection 
with such Expedited Arbitration, and no party shall have any contact with 
the Arbitrator except at the hearing.  The Arbitrator shall render his 
decision on the issue by a written notice to the parties involved within 
five (5) business days after concluding the hearing (which may be adjourned 
by the Arbitrator in his reasonable discretion).  The decision of the 
Arbitrator shall be final and binding on and non-appealable by the parties 
for the purposes of this Agreement and may be enforced by a court of 
competent jurisdiction.  Except as provided otherwise herein, such 
Expedited Arbitration shall be conducted in accordance with the Commercial 
Arbitration Rules of JAMS or the American Arbitration Association.  If JAMS 
shall cease to exist and/or shall decline to serve under this Agreement as 
to any matter under dispute that has been submitted to Expedited 
Arbitration, then the parties shall mutually select an alternative 
qualified arbitrator, and in the absence of an agreement with respect 
thereto within five (5) business days, either party shall have the right, 
upon written notice to the other party, to apply to the President of the 
Boston Bar Association for the selection of an independent, unaffiliated 
and qualified arbitrator.  If awarded by the Arbitrator, the prevailing 
party in any decision of the Arbitrator under this Section 26.21 shall be 
reimbursed its reasonable costs and expenses in participating in such 
proceeding by the other parties thereto, including all fees charged by the 
Arbitrator.  Neither party shall have previously employed or shall have had 
a prior contractual relationship with any Arbitrator that is chosen 
pursuant to this Section 26.21.  The provisions of this Section 26.21 shall 
only be applicable to matters or events expressly provided for in this 
Lease to be resolved by expedited arbitration and not otherwise.
 
44
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
        26.22                 Landlord Cooperation.
         
Landlord is aware that Tenant intends to apply for federal, state and local 
grants, loans, tax abatements and reductions and other incentives with 
respect to its business to be conducted at the Premises. Landlord agrees to 
reasonably cooperate (at no out-of-pocket expense to Landlord and without 
incurring any liability to Landlord on account of such cooperation) with 
such activities and in no way object to or impede such activities.  In 
connection with the foregoing, Landlord agrees, at the request of Tenant, 
to execute any commercially reasonable documentation related to the 
foregoing.  Further, and notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth 
in this Lease, Tenant shall have the right to pledge or otherwise grant a 
first priority security lien or other interest in any of Tenant’s 
furniture, fixtures, equipment or other personal property (“Tenant’s 
Property”) to the United States Department of Energy, Massachusetts Clean 
Energy Technology Center and/or any other party providing financing to 
Tenant in connection with the conduct of Tenant’s business in the Premises, 
and upon written request by Tenant, Landlord will execute and deliver 
commercially reasonable instrument(s) consenting to such financing and/or 
waiving any statutory or contractual Landlord’s lien in Tenant’s Property.
 
ARTICLE 27
Entire Agreement
 
        27.01                 Entire Agreement.
         
No oral statement or prior written matter shall have any force or effect.  
This Agreement shall not be modified or canceled except by writing 
subscribed to by all parties.
 
No representations, inducement, promises or agreements, oral or otherwise, 
between Landlord and Tenant or any of their respective brokers, employees 
or agents, not embodied herein, shall be of any force or effect.
 
The submission of this Lease for examination, review, negotiation and/or 
signature shall not constitute an offer or an option to lease or a 
reservation of the Premises and is subject to withdrawal or modification at 
any time by either party.  This Lease shall become effective and binding 
only if and when it shall be executed and delivered by both Landlord and 
Tenant.
 
45
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
Executed as a sealed instrument as of the 16th  day of July, 2010.
 
 
 
LANDLORD:
 
 
 
FLANDERS 155 LLC
 
 
 
By:
Carruth Capital, LLC
 
 
Its Manager
 
 
 
 
 
 
By:
/s/ Christopher F. Egan
 
 
Christopher F. Egan, President and Managing Member of Carruth Capital, LLC, 
not individually and without personal liability
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
TENANT:
 
 
 
A123 SYSTEMS, INC.
 
 
 
 
 
By:
/s/ Michael Rubino
 
Printed Name:
Michael Rubino
 
Title:
Chief Financial Officer
 
46
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

 
FLANDERS 155 LLC
155 Flanders Road
Westborough, Massachusetts
 
EXHIBIT A
 
LEGAL DESCRIPTION
 
All that certain parcel(s) of land situate in Westborough in the County of 
Worcester and said Commonwealth of Massachusetts bounded and described as 
follows:
 
Flanders Road, Interstate Route 495 and Walkup Drive.  All of said 
boundaries are determined by the Court to be located as shown on 
Subdivision plan #36263-E drawn by Guerard Survey Co. & Associates, 
Surveyors, dated February 5, 1980, as modified and approved by the Court, 
filed in the Land Registration Office, a copy of a portion of which is 
filed with Land Registration Certificate #9810.  Being Lot 4 on said plan.
 
Said lot is conveyed subject to the provisions and agreements as stated in 
Document #36573, and to an easement relating to the placement of 
underground electric and telephone wires set forth in a deed from High 
Voltage Engineering Corporation to Helix Technology Corporation as stated 
in Document #32784.
 
For title, see Worcester Land Court Book 65, Page 12821, Certificate of 
Title #12821.
 
47
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
FLANDERS 155 LLC
155 Flanders Road
Westborough, Massachusetts
 
EXHIBIT B
 
PLAN SHOWING TENANT’S SPACE
 
48
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
FLANDERS 155 LLC
155 Flanders Road
Westborough, Massachusetts
 
EXHIBIT C
TENANT ALLOWANCE AND LANDLORD’S WORK OBLIGATIONS
 
TENANT ALLOWANCE:
 
Tenant shall accept Premises in “AS IS” condition except Landlord shall (a) 
provide a base building allowance in the amount of One Hundred Thirty-One 
Thousand Eight Hundred Twenty Six Dollars and No Cents ($131,826.00) (the 
“Allowance”), and (b) complete the Predelivery  Landlord’s Work prior to 
the Term Commencement Date.  The Allowance may be used throughout the Lease 
Term at Tenant’s discretion and may be used by Tenant to complete certain 
Building repairs in connection with damage from a previous tenant including 
the following: (i) patch drywall and paint, (ii) replace ceiling tiles, 
(iii) replace damaged floor tiles, (iv) pour concrete slab in chemical 
storage room, (v) remove and replace the mold-affected drywall, and (vi) 
replace a missing cove base.  Landlord shall pay the Allowance to Tenant 
within thirty (30) days after request therefor accompanied by evidence that 
Tenant has incurred in connection with its preparation of the Premises 
costs at least equal to the sum requested accompanied by lien waivers 
acceptable to Landlord.  If Landlord fails to pay the requested Allowance 
within such thirty-day period and after an additional five (5) business 
days notice, Tenant shall be entitled to offset the amount of the unpaid 
Allowance against Rent.
 
LANDLORD’S WORK OBLIGATIONS:
 
Pre-Delivery Work
 
Prior to the date hereof, Landlord, at its sole cost, has ensured that all 
systems are in good working order and has performed the following 
environmental work (collectively, the “Predelivery Work”):
 
I.              Microbial/Asbestos Testing
 
    1.             Visual observation of drywall and building finishes
     
    2.             Obtain eight (8) air samples for determining non-viable
    mold
     
    3.             Perform moisture testing of drywall within twenty (20)
    rooms
     
    4.             Obtain five (5) drywall samples for lab analysis
     
    5.             Obtain six (6) air samples for asbestos sampling
     
    6.             Complete a report of findings upon receipt of lab
    analysis
 
49
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
II.            Environmental Testing/Chemical Storage Room
 
    1.             Remove concrete floor at Landlord’s expense
     
    2.             Obtain three (3) sub-slab soil samples using hand auger
     
    3.             Analyze samples per Massachusetts Contingency Plan
    requirements (14 metals, VOC’s, EPH, VPH)
     
    4.             Complete data review and evaluation report
     
III.           Environmental Testing/Septic System
 
    1.             Install one monitoring well (well completed by Soil
    Exploration Corp. while on site)
     
    2.             Analyze soil samples per Massachusetts Contingency Plan
    requirements (14 metals, VOC’s, EPH, VPH)
     
    3.             Obtain water sample and analyze per Massachusetts
    Contingency Plan requirements (14 metals, VOC’s, EPH, VPH)
     
    4.             Complete data review and evaluation report
     
Additional Landlords Work: Within ninety (90) days after notice from 
Tenant, Landlord, at Landlord’s sole cost, shall be responsible for 
providing a fully operational 40 ton chilled water system or removing the 
same as directed by Tenant (the “Additional Landlord’s Work”).
 
Bel Power Space Environmental Work:  Except as provided in Section 
26.09(d), Landlord shall, at its sole cost, complete environmental testing 
of  the space currently leased by Bel Power, identified as REC #3, in the 
Environmental Site Assessment prepared April 22, 2009, and perform all 
required mitigation to achieve or confirm a level of no significant risk to 
human health, safety, and the environment arising therefrom, including 
remediation for fungi, mold, mildew or other microbial matter, and provide 
documentation of completion of such work to Tenant within thirty (30) days 
after Bel Power vacates the space (the “Bel Power Space Environmental 
Work”).
 
The environmental work comprising Landlord’s Predelivery Work and Bel Power 
Space Environmental Work as described  above shall be performed by a 
Licensed Site Professional, as defined under 310 CMR 40.000.  Landlord 
shall provide Tenant two business days advance notice before performing 
subsurface investigations or any required remedial work.  Landlord shall 
allow Tenant’s authorized representative to accompany Landlord or its 
representative when any such work is being performed.  Landlord shall 
promptly deliver to Tenant a copy of all final
 
50
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
and verified data, drilling logs, sampling results, reports and amounts 
relating to the Predelivery Landlord’s Work and Additional Landlord’s Work 
required hereunder.
 
Electrical Upgrade: Landlord will provide an allowance in the amount of 
$500,000.00 (the “Electrical Allowance”) towards Tenant’s cost of upgrading 
the electrical service to the Building.  Landlord will pay the Electrical 
Allowance to Tenant within thirty (30) days after request therefor 
accompanied by evidence that Tenant has incurred such cost and lien waivers 
acceptable to Landlord.  If Landlord fails to pay the requested allowance 
within such thirty-day period and after an additional five (5) business 
days’ notice stating that the unpaid Electrical Allowance amount will be 
set off against Rent, Tenant shall be entitled to offset the amount of the 
unpaid Electrical Allowance against Rent.
 
51
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
FLANDERS 155 LLC
155 Flanders Road
Westborough, Massachusetts
 
EXHIBIT D
 
SERVICES TO BE PROVIDED BY LANDLORD
 
(AS OPERATING EXPENSES)
 
    A.            Proper care of grounds surrounding the Building,
    including care of lawns and shrubs and including removal of litter.
     
    B.            Maintaining and cleaning the sidewalks and parking areas
    in front of and around the Building including snow removal.
     
    C.            Provision of adequate lighting for the parking areas
    servicing the Building.
 
52
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
FLANDERS 155 LLC
155 Flanders Road
Westborough, Massachusetts
 
EXHIBIT E
 
RULES AND REGULATIONS
 
    1.             Heating, lighting and plumbing: The Landlord should be
    notified at once of any trouble with heating, lighting or plumbing
    fixtures.  Tenants must not leave the doors of the Premises unlocked at
    night.
     
    2.             The sidewalks, entrances, halls and stairways shall not
    be obstructed by any Tenant or used for any purposes other than 
    ingress and egress to and from their respective Premises, and no
    articles or rubbish shall be left therein.
     
    3.             No toilet fixture shall be used for any purpose other
    than that for which it is intended, and no sweepings, rubbish, rags,
    ashes or other substances shall be thrown therein.
     
    4.             Except as provided in Section 26.06 of the Lease,
    lettering on outside windows, doors, tablets and building directory
    shall be subject to the approval of the Landlord, not to be
    unreasonably withheld.
     
    5.             No animals or birds shall be kept in or about the
    Building.
     
    6.             All freight, furniture, etc. must be received and
    delivered through entrances to the Building designated for such purpose
    unless otherwise authorized by the Landlord.
     
    7.             Nothing shall be thrown from or taken in through the
    windows, nor shall anything be left outside the Building on the window
    sills of the Premises.
     
    8.             The Landlord, its agents and employees shall have access
    upon 24 hours prior notice to Tenant to perform their duties in the
    maintenance and operation of the Premises, except no prior notice shall
    be required in an emergency.
     
    9.             No Tenant shall use any method of heating (including
    space heaters) other than that provided for in the Tenant’s Lease
    without the consent of the Landlord.
     
    10.           Any damage caused to the Building or the Premises or to
    any person or property herein as a result of any breach of any of the
    rules and regulations by the Tenant shall be borne by the Tenant.
     
    11.           Trash removal shall be performed in accordance with
    Exhibit K.
 
53
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
    12.           The Landlord reserves the right to make any such other
    and further rules and regulations as, in its judgment, may from time to
    time be necessary for maintaining the safety and cleanliness of the
    Premises and Building for the preservation of good order therein.
     
    13.           Tenant shall not permit its employees to smoke in any
    area in the Building or on the Land, except smoking areas designated by
    Landlord.
 
54
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
FLANDERS 155 LLC
155 Flanders Road
Westborough, Massachusetts
 
EXHIBIT F
 
TENANT ESTOPPEL CERTIFICATE
 
    To:          <>(“Lender”)

                    <>
     
                    <>
     
                    Attn:  <>
     
    Re:          Lease Agreement dated                                  
    and amended                                    (“Lease”), between
    FLANDERS 155 LLC, as “Landlord”, and A123 SYSTEMS, INC., as “Tenant,”
    guaranteed by N/A (“Guarantor”) for leased premises known as  155
    Flanders Road, Westborough, Massachusetts 01581 (the “Premises”)
    commonly known as 155 Flanders Road, Westborough, Massachusetts 01581
    (the Property”).
     
    1.             Tenant hereby certifies that the following
    representations with respect to the Lease are accurate and complete as
    of the date hereof:
 
a.
Dates of all amendments, letter agreements, modifications and waivers 
related to the Lease
 
 
 
 
 
 
b.
Commencement Date
 
 
 
 
 
 
c.
Expiration Date
 
 
 
 
 
 
 d.
Current Annual Base Rent
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
Adjustment Date       Rental Amount
 
 
 
 
e.
Fixed or CPI Rent Increases
 
 
 
 
 
 
f.
Square Footage of Premises
 
 
 
 
 
 
g.
Security Deposit Paid to Landlord
 
 
 
 
 
 
h.
Renewal Options
 
<> Additional Term for <>years at $                      per year
 
 
 
 
i.
Termination Options
 
Termination Date                     
Fees Payable
 
55
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
    2.             Tenant further certifies to Lender that:
     
        a.             the Lease is presently in full force and effect and
        represents the entire agreement between Tenant and Landlord with
        respect to the Premises;
         
        b.             the Lease has not been assigned and the Premises
        have not been sublet by Tenant except for                       ;
         
        c.             Tenant has accepted and is occupying the Premises,
        all construction required by the Lease has been completed and any
        payment, credits or abatements required to be given by Landlord to
        Tenant have been given except for                               ;
         
        d.             no installment of rent or other charges under the
        Lease other than current monthly rent has been paid more than 30
        days in advance and Tenant is not in arrears on any rental payment
        or other charges;
         
        e.             Landlord has no obligation to segregate the security
        deposit or to pay interest thereon;
         
        f.              To Tenant’s knowledge, Landlord is not in default
        under the Lease and no event has occurred which, with the giving of
        notice or passage of time, or both, could result in a default by
        Landlord;
         
        g.             To Tenant’s knowledge, Tenant has no existing
        defenses, offsets, liens, claims or credits against the payment
        obligations under the Lease;
         
        h.             Tenant has not been granted any options or rights to
        terminate the Lease earlier than the Expiration Date except as
        stated in the Lease;
         
        i.              Tenant has not been granted any options or rights
        of first refusal to purchase the Premises or the Property;
         
        j.              Tenant has not received notice of violation of any
        federal, state, county or municipal laws, regulations, ordinances,
        orders or directives relating to the use or condition of the
        Premises or the Property; and
         
        k.             Except to the extent used in connection with the
        operation of Tenant’s business in compliance with the Lease and
        applicable laws, no hazardous wastes or toxic substances, as
        defined by all applicable federal, state or local statutes, rules
        or regulations have been disposed, stored or treated on or about
        the Premises or the Property by Tenant.
         
    3.             This certification is made with the knowledge that
    Lender is about to provide Landlord with financing which shall be
    secured by a Deed of Trust (or Mortgage), Security Agreement and
    Assignment of Rents, Leases and Contracts (“Mortgage”) upon the
 
56
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
    Property.  Tenant acknowledges that Landlord’s interest in the Lease is
    being duly assigned to Lender as security for Lender’s loan to
    Landlord.  All rent payments under the Lease shall continue to be paid
    to Landlord in accordance with the terms of the Lease until Tenant is
    notified otherwise in writing by Lender or its successors and assigns.
    Tenant further acknowledges and agrees that Lender and Lender’s
    respective successors and assigns holding the Mortgage at any time
    after the date of this certificate shall have the right to rely on the
    information contained in this certificate.  The undersigned is
    authorized to execute this Tenant Estoppel Certificate on behalf of
    Tenant.
 
 
TENANT
 
 
 
A123 SYSTEMS, INC.
 
 
 
 
 
By:
 
 
 
 
Printed Name:
 
 
 
 
Title:
 
 
 
 
Date:
 
 
57
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

 
FLANDERS 155 LLC
155 Flanders Road
Westborough, Massachusetts
 
EXHIBIT G
 
AGREEMENT OF SUBORDINATION
NON-DISTURBANCE AND ATTORNMENT
 
THIS AGREEMENT is dated the          day of                                 
    , between <> (“Lender”) and A123 SYSTEMS, INC., a Delaware corporation 
(“Tenant”).
 
RECITALS:
 
A.            Tenant has executed that certain lease dated                  
                            (the “Lease”) with FLANDERS 155 LLC, as 
Landlord (“Landlord”) covering the premises described in the Lease 
(“Premises”) in that certain building located at 155 Flanders Road, 
Westborough, Massachusetts 01581 (the “Property”) and more particularly 
described in Exhibit A attached hereto and made a part hereof, by this 
reference; and
 
B.            Lender has made or has agreed to make a mortgage loan to 
Landlord secured by a mortgage or deed of trust encumbering the Property 
which includes an assignment of Landlord’s interest in the Lease (the 
“Mortgage”); and
 
C.            Tenant and Lender desire to confirm their understanding with 
respect to the Lease and the Mortgage.
 
NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the covenants, terms, conditions, 
agreements contained herein, the parties hereto agree as follows:
 
    1.             The Lease and any extensions, modifications or renewals
    thereof, including but not limited to any option to purchase or right
    of first refusal to purchase the Property or any portion thereof, if
    any, is and shall continue to be subject and subordinate in all
    respects to the Mortgage and the lien created thereby, and to any
    advancements made thereunder and to any consolidations, extensions,
    modifications or renewals thereof.
     
    2.             Tenant agrees to deliver to Lender, in the manner set
    forth in paragraph 7, a copy of any notice of default sent to Landlord
    by Tenant.  If Landlord fails to cure such default within the time
    provided in the Lease, Lender shall have the right, but not the
    obligation to cure such default on behalf of Landlord within thirty
    (30) calendar days after the time provided for Landlord to cure such
    default in the Lease or within a reasonable period (not to exceed sixty
    (60) calendar days) if such default cannot be cured within that time,
    provided Lender is proceeding with due diligence to cure such default. 
    In such event Tenant shall not terminate the Lease while such remedies
    are being diligently pursued by
 
58
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
    Lender.  Tenant hereby agrees that no action taken by Lender to enforce
    any rights under the Mortgage or related security documents, by reason
    of any default thereunder (including, without limitation, the
    appointment of a receiver, any action to appoint a receiver or to
    obtain the right to possession of the Property by foreclosure, deed in
    lieu of foreclosure, or otherwise (“Foreclosure”), or any demand for
    rent under any assignment of rents or leases) shall give rise to any
    right of Tenant to terminate the Lease nor shall such action invalidate
    or constitute a breach of any of the terms of the Lease.
     
    3.             As long as no Event of Default exists, Tenant’s
    possession and occupancy of the Premises shall not be disturbed by
    Lender during the term of the Lease or any extension thereof and Lender
    (and any purchaser at Foreclosure or subsequent transferee) shall
    recognize all of Tenant’s rights under the Lease.
     
    4.             If Lender succeeds to the interest of Landlord under the
    Lease, subject to Tenant’s performance of its obligations under the
    Lease, the Lease will continue in full force and effect.  Thereupon,
    Lender shall recognize the Lease and Tenant’s rights thereunder and
    Tenant shall make full and complete attornment to Lender as substitute
    Landlord upon the same terms, covenants and conditions as provided in
    the Lease, except for any option to purchase or right of first refusal
    to purchase the Property as may be provided in the Lease.  Further,
    Tenant agrees that any such option or right of first refusal to
    purchase the Property or any portion thereof, as may be provided in the
    Lease shall not apply to and shall not in any way impair or delay any
    Foreclosure, as defined herein.
     
    5.             Tenant agrees that, if Lender or a purchaser on
    Foreclosure (whichever is applicable “Purchaser”)shall succeed to the
    interest of Landlord under the Lease, Purchaser shall not be:
     
        (a)           liable for any prior act or omission of Landlord or
        any prior Landlord or consequential damages arising therefrom
        except that the Purchaser shall remedy any continuing maintenance
        defaults of which Tenant shall have given Lender notice of default
        and opportunity to cure pursuant to Section 2 above; or
         
        (b)           subject to any offsets or defenses which Tenant might
        have as to Landlord or any prior Landlord except as set forth in
        Exhibit C of the Lease and except to the extent the cause therefor
        is continuing provided Tenant shall have given Lender notice of
        default and opportunity to cure pursuant to Section 2 above; or
         
        (c)           required or obligated to credit Tenant with any rent
        or additional rent for any rental period beyond the then current
        month which Tenant might have paid Landlord; or
         
        (d)           bound by any material amendments or modifications of
        the Lease such as those affecting rent, term or permitted use made
        without Lender’s prior written consent; or
 
59
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
        (e)           liable for refund of all or any part of any security
        deposit unless such security deposit shall have been actually
        received by Lender.
         
    6.             The provisions of this Agreement shall be binding upon
    and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective
    successors and assigns.  The words, “Lender,” “Landlord” and “Tenant”
    shall include their respective heirs, legatees, executors,
    administrators, beneficiaries, successors and assigns.
     
    7.             All notices, and all other communication with respect to
    this Agreement, shall be directed as follows:  if to Lender,           
                                                            (“Lender’s
    Address”) or such other address as Lender may designate in writing to
    Tenant and, if to Tenant, at the address set forth in the Lease or at
    such other address as Tenant may designate in writing to Lender.  All
    notices shall be in writing and shall be (a) hand-delivered, (b) sent
    by United States express mail or by private overnight courier, or (c)
    served by certified mail postage prepaid, return receipt requested, to
    the appropriate address set forth above.  Notices served as provided in
    (a) and (b) shall be deemed to be effective upon delivery.  Any notice
    served by certified mail shall be deposited in the United States mail
    with postage thereon fully prepaid and shall be deemed effective on the
    day of actual delivery as shown by the addressee’s return receipt or
    the expiration of three business days after the date of mailing,
    whichever is earlier in time.
     
    8.             This Agreement contains the entire agreement between the
    parties and no modifications shall be binding upon any party hereto
    unless set forth in a document duly executed by or on behalf of such
    party.
     
    9.             This Agreement may be executed in multiple counterparts,
    all of which shall be deemed originals and with the same effect as if
    all parties had signed the same document.  All of such counterparts
    shall be construed together and shall constitute one instrument.
 
60
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Agreement as of 
the day and year first above written.
 
 LENDER:
 
TENANT:
 
  
 
 
 
 <> 
 
A123 SYSTEMS, INC.
 
  
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
By:
 
 
By:
 
 
 
 
 
 
By:
 
 
Printed Name:
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
Its Authorized Signatories
 
Title:
 
 
61
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
FLANDERS 155 LLC
155 Flanders Road
Westborough, Massachusetts
 
EXHIBIT H
 
CERTIFICATE OF VOTE
 
A meeting of The Board of Directors of A123 Systems, Inc., was held on May 
6, 2010 at the office located at 321 Arsenal Street, Watertown, 
Massachusetts 02472.
 
Michael Rubino, the Chief Financial Officer of the Corporation, presided at 
the meeting and declared that a quorum of the Board of Directors was 
present and in attendance.
 
Upon motion duly made and seconded, the Board of Directors unanimously
 
        VOTED:                 That Michael Rubino, Chief Financial Officer
        of A123 Systems, Inc., be and is hereby authorized, in name of, and
        on behalf of the said Corporation, with respect to all real estate
        of said Corporation now, or at any time hereafter, leased by said
        Corporation, to sign, seal, acknowledge, and bind said Corporation
        regarding any and all leases, releases, notes, assignments,
        agreements, notices, estoppels, affidavits specifically including
        property located at 155 Flanders Road, Westborough, Massachusetts,
        and all such instruments as he may by his execution thereof
        approve, said authority to remain in full force and effect until
        notice of revocation thereof shall be recorded in each Registry of
        Deeds wherein this Vote shall be recorded.
 
A TRUE COPY:
 
 
Eric J. Pyenson, Assistant Secretary
                             
ATTEST:
 
        I, Eric J. Pyenson, Assistant Secretary, hereby certify that I am
        the duly elected and qualified Assistant Secretary for the above
        named Corporation and that the above is a true copy of the Vote
        that was passed, and that Michael Rubino is the duly elected and
        qualified Chief Financial Officer of the Corporation.
         
ATTEST:
 
 
Eric J. Pyenson, Assistant Secretary
 
62
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
FLANDERS 155 LLC
155 Flanders Road
Westborough, Massachusetts
 
EXHIBIT I
 
PARKING
 
Tenant, upon the commencement of its occupancy of the Premises, shall have 
the right to use for its designated employees, as appurtenant to the 
Premises no more than one hundred ninety four (194) unassigned parking 
spaces in the Building’s parking areas (reduced by the number of spaces 
which Tenant shall utilize pursuant to the last paragraph hereof). Tenant 
shall use the parking areas solely for parking registered passenger 
vehicles.  Storage trailers, storage containers, busses, motor homes, 
trucks and like vehicles are not permitted, except for such vehicles or 
containers as specifically approved by Landlord in writing from time to 
time, such approval not to be unreasonably withheld, and in compliance with 
the provisions of this Lease Landlord shall in no event be required to 
enforce such rights on Tenant’s behalf.  Use of such spaces may not be 
sold, assigned, licensed or otherwise given to any person for any 
compensation or fee or otherwise.  The use of such parking spaces by Tenant 
may be regulated by reasonable rules and regulations issued by the Landlord 
from time to time.  Landlord reserves the right, after reasonable written 
notice to Tenant, at any time and from time to time to change the location 
of any parking space or spaces designated for Tenant’s use pursuant to this 
Exhibit I provided there is no material adverse effect on Tenant’s use and 
enjoyment of the Premises or parking areas.
 
Subject to the compliance with all applicable Legal Requirements and 
Landlord’s reasonable approval, Tenant shall have the right to install 
outdoor electrical power  in order to provide electric / hybrid vehicle 
recharging stations as the locations depicted on the attached plan.
 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, Landlord hereby 
approves the locations of the electric vehicle, customer, and ADA parking 
spaces show on the plan attached hereto as Schedule I-1.
 
63
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
FLANDERS 155 LLC
155 Flanders Road
Westborough, Massachusetts
 
EXHIBIT J
 
TRASH REMOVAL
 
Tenant, at its expense, shall contract with a trash hauling service to 
provide a covered trash container (“Dumpster”) and trash removal services, 
subject to the following paragraph of this Exhibit J.  The contractor and 
the dumpster shall be subject to Landlord’s approval, such approval not to 
be unreasonably withheld.  Tenant shall comply with all rules and 
regulations related to trash storage and removal promulgated by Landlord 
from time to time.  The dumpster shall be placed in a location designated 
by Landlord, which designation may be changed by Landlord from time to 
time.  The dumpster shall be in good condition, freshly painted with 
working covers and doors, and shall be clearly marked with the name of the 
hauling company and its telephone number.  The dumpster shall not be 
overfilled and shall remain closed at all times.  No trash shall be placed 
outside the dumpster.  Paper, packaging materials and small items shall be 
placed in trash bags to prevent spillage when the container is open or 
emptied.  The dumpster shall be emptied on a frequency determined by 
Landlord from time to time to be appropriate for Tenant’s activities.
 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, Landlord hereby 
agrees that Tenant shall be permitted to operate a trash compactor in lieu 
of contracting with a trash hauling service to provide a Dumpster set forth 
in the foregoing paragraph.
 
In the event Tenant shall fail to comply with any of its obligations under 
this Exhibit J or the rules and regulations referred to herein, without 
limiting any of Landlord’s other rights or remedies under this Lease, 
Landlord may, without notice to Tenant, cure Tenant’s default hereunder and 
charge Tenant for Landlord’s cost of performing the same as Additional 
Rent.  Such cost shall be paid by Tenant to Landlord immediately upon 
billing therefor.
 
64
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
FLANDERS 155 LLC
155 Flanders Road
Westborough, Massachusetts
 
EXHIBIT K
 
TENANT IMPROVEMENT PLANS
 
65
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 