 EX-10.3 4 ex10_3.htm FLASH FORWARD MUTUAL CONTRIBUTION AND ENVIRONMENTAL 
INDEMNIFICATION AGREEMENT
Exhibit 10.3
FOIA Confidential Treatment Requested
Execution Version

 
FLASH FORWARD MUTUAL CONTRIBUTION
AND ENVIRONMENTAL INDEMNIFICATION AGREEMENT

This FLASH FORWARD MUTUAL CONTRIBUTION AND ENVIRONMENTAL INDEMNIFICATION 
AGREEMENT, dated as of July 13, 2010 (this “Agreement”), is entered into by 
and among, on one side, Toshiba Corporation, a Japanese corporation (“
Toshiba”), and, on the other side, SanDisk Flash B.V., a Netherlands 
company (“SanDisk Entity”, and together with Toshiba, the “Parties”).
 
RECITALS
 
WHEREAS, Toshiba, SanDisk Corporation and SanDisk (Cayman) Limited, a 
company organized under the laws of the Cayman Islands, are parties to that 
certain Mutual Contribution and Environmental Indemnification Agreement, 
dated as of September 10, 2004, setting forth the terms and conditions 
relating to environmental issues that arise out of the manufacture of Y3 
NAND Flash Memory Products manufactured at the Y3 Facility;
 
WHEREAS, Toshiba, SanDisk Corporation and SanDisk (Ireland) Limited, a 
company organized under the laws of the Republic of Ireland, are parties to 
that certain Mutual Contribution and Environmental Indemnification 
Agreement, dated as of July 7, 2006, as amended by that certain JVRA, dated 
as of January 29, 2009, setting forth the terms and conditions relating to 
environmental issues that arise out of the manufacture of Y4 NAND Flash 
Memory Products manufactured at the Y4 Facility;
 
WHEREAS, Toshiba, SanDisk Entity and SanDisk Corporation are parties to 
that certain Flash Forward Master Agreement, dated as of the date hereof 
(the “FF Master Agreement”);
 
WHEREAS, pursuant to the terms of the FF Master Agreement and other FF 
Operative Documents, Flash Forward, Ltd., a Japanese godo kaisha (the “
Company”), will have Y5 NAND Flash Memory Products and other products 
manufactured at the Y5 Facility; and
 
WHEREAS, Toshiba and SanDisk Entity have agreed to mutually contribute to, 
and indemnify each other and the Company for, environmental remediation 
costs or liability resulting from the Y5 Facility manufacturing operations 
as set forth below.
 
NOW, THEREFORE, the Parties agree as follows:
 
1.  
Definitions and Interpretation.
 
1.1  
FF Master Agreement.  Appendix A to the FF Master Agreement is hereby 
incorporated into this Agreement.  Capitalized terms used but not defined 
in this Agreement shall have the meanings given to them in Appendix A.  If 
any capitalized term used in this Agreement is not defined herein or in 
Appendix A, it shall have the meaning assigned to it in the FF Master 
Agreement.
 
1.2  
Definitions.  The following terms used in this Agreement shall have the 
following respective meanings:
 
(a)  
“Environmental Costs” means any and all costs, expenses or liability 
(including claims by third parties or any Governmental Authority) 
attributable to any contamination from the release or discharge of 
Hazardous Substances resulting from, arising out of or otherwise by virtue 
of the construction or operation of the Y5 Facility or Other Y5 Facilities 
from the Closing until the FF Termination Date, including any and all costs 
to investigate, remove or remediate any release of Hazardous Substances or 
otherwise reasonably necessary to assure that the Company and the Y5 
Facility and Other Y5 Facilities are and will (until the FF Termination 
Date) remain in compliance with then applicable Environmental Laws.
 
 
1
------------------------------------------------------------------------
**** Indicates that certain information contained herein has been omitted 
and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 
Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to the omitted 
portions.
Exhibit 10.3
FOIA Confidential Treatment Requested
Execution Version
 
 
(b)  
“Environmental Laws” means all Applicable Laws in Japan, including, but not 
limited to, the Soil Contamination Control Law (Dojyouosen Taisaku Ho, Law 
No. 53 of 2002), now or hereafter in effect relating to the protection of 
human health, safety, and the environment from emissions, discharges, 
releases or threatened releases of pollutants, contaminants (chemical or 
industrial), toxic or Hazardous Substances or wastes into the environment 
(including, ambient air, soil, surface water, ground water, wetlands, land 
or subsurface strata), or otherwise relating to the manufacture, 
processing, distribution, use, treatment, storage, disposal, transport or 
handling or investigation or remediation of pollutants, contaminants, 
chemicals or industrial, toxic or Hazardous Substances or wastes.
 
(c)  
“Hazardous Substances” means petroleum, petroleum hydrocarbons or petroleum 
products, petroleum by-products, radioactive materials, asbestos or 
asbestos-containing materials, pesticides, radon, urea formaldehyde, lead 
or lead-containing materials, polychlorinated biphenyls; and any other 
chemicals, materials, substances or wastes in any amount or concentration 
which are now or hereafter become defined as or included in the definition 
of “hazardous substances,” “hazardous materials,” “hazardous wastes,” 
“extremely hazardous wastes,” “restricted hazardous wastes,” “toxic 
substances,” “toxic pollutants,” “pollutants,” “regulated substances,” 
“solid wastes,” or “contaminants” or words of similar import, under any 
Environmental Law.
 
(d)  
“Share” means each of SanDisk Entity’s and Toshiba’s respective liability 
for Environmental Costs, which shall be measured by and shared in 
proportion to (i) each Party’s Y5 Capacity Ratio (as may be adjusted 
pursuant to the FF Master Agreement) within the Y5 Facility and Other Y5 
Facilities at the time of the applicable contamination or release, if 
determinable, or (ii) if the time of such contamination or release is not 
determinable, each of Toshiba’s and SanDisk’s cumulative Equivalent Lot 
output from the commencement of production at the Y5 Facility and Other Y5 
Facilities until the date the applicable contamination or release is 
discovered.
 
2.  
Environmental Investigations.
 
2.1  
Environmental Consultants.  As of the date hereof, the Parties acknowledge 
that neither Party has engaged an environmental consultant to investigate, 
or prepared or obtained an environmental report with respect to, the Y5 
Facility or Other Y5 Facility (as defined below).  Subject to Section 2.2, 
each of SanDisk and Toshiba will engage an environmental consulting company 
to conduct an environmental investigation on its behalf as to the surface 
and subsurface conditions existing on or immediately adjacent to the 
proposed site of the Y5 Facility and other new land to be acquired or 
leased by Toshiba for the purpose of the Y5 Facility’s operation (such new 
land to be acquired or leased, the “Other Y5 Facility”) (each a “
Consultant” and the Consultant engaged by SanDisk, the “SanDisk Consultant
” and the Consultant engaged by Toshiba, the “Toshiba Consultant”). SanDisk 
shall be solely responsible for the fees and costs charged by the SanDisk 
Consultant and shall indemnify and hold harmless Toshiba and the Company 
from any claims for compensation or damages made by the SanDisk Consultant. 
 Toshiba shall be solely responsible for the fees and costs charged by the 
Toshiba Consultant and shall indemnify and hold harmless SanDisk and the 
Company from any claims for compensation or damages made by the Toshiba 
Consultant; provided, however, that fees and costs incurred by the Toshiba 
Consultant after the Closing and other than in connection with finalizing 
the Y5 Baseline Environmental Report (as defined below) shall be chargeable 
to and payable by the Company, which fees and costs shall be chargeable to 
and payable by the Parties through wafer price increases.
 
2.2  
Scope of Review.  To the extent reasonably practicable and subject to 
Toshiba’s consent, which shall not be unreasonably withheld, each 
Consultant will perform the activities customarily associated with Phase I 
(tochirireki chosa) and Phase II (osen jokyo kakunin chosa) studies.  The 
Consultant(s) will perform Phase I and, if performed, Phase II studies at 
the site of the Y5 Facility (and immediately adjacent thereto) prior to the 
start of Y5 Facility operation (scheduled to begin April 2011); provided, 
however, that the Parties acknowledge that the Consultants may not be able 
to perform such studies with respect to some portions or all of the Y5 
Facility and Other Y5 Facilities (any such portion, an “Untested Area”), 
and that access by the Consultants to the proposed site of the Y5 Facility 
and Other Y5 Facilities will be only to the extent necessary to conduct the 
Phase I and Phase II studies and subject to Toshiba’s prior consent, which 
shall not be unreasonably withheld.
 
 
2
------------------------------------------------------------------------
**** Indicates that certain information contained herein has been omitted 
and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 
Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to the omitted 
portions.
Exhibit 10.3
FOIA Confidential Treatment Requested
Execution Version
 
 
2.3  
Information from Monitoring Activities.  Toshiba shall share, or cause to 
be shared, with SanDisk and, upon SanDisk’s request, the SanDisk 
Consultant, the results of any monitoring activities conducted by Toshiba 
or its Affiliates with respect to the surface and subsurface conditions on 
the proposed site of the Y5 Facility and Other Y5 Facilities on or after 
the Effective Date and until the FF Termination Date; provided that if as 
of the FF Termination Date any claims have been made against SanDisk with 
respect to its indemnification obligations hereunder, on SanDisk’s request, 
Toshiba shall continue to provide SanDisk the results of any monitoring 
activities to the extent such results may affect the evaluation or 
determination of alleged liability of SanDisk hereunder.  The Parties 
acknowledge and agree that any such information concerning the Y5 Facility 
and Other Y5 Facilities shall be considered Confidential Information of the 
Company and any such information concerning the Yokkaichi Facility 
(including the Y5 Facility and Other Y5 Facilities) shall be considered 
Confidential Information of Toshiba.
 
3.  
Baseline Environmental Report.
 
    Each Party shall direct the Consultant retained by it to (i) provide
    the other Consultant and other Party with its initial environmental
    report on the Y5 Facility and Other Y5 Facilities and (ii) discuss the
    reports in good faith with the other Consultant with the intent of the
    Parties and their Consultants agreeing upon a single, combined report
    (the “Y5 Baseline Environmental Report”).  If Toshiba, SanDisk and the
    Consultants are unable to agree upon a single report within sixty (60)
    days after the start of Y5 Facility operations, then the draft reports
    of both Consultants (or combined report indicating areas of
    disagreement) shall collectively be considered to be the Y5 Baseline
    Environmental Report.
 
4.  
Environmental Compliance.
 
4.1  
Compliance.  The Parties confirm their intent that the Y5 Facility and 
Other Y5 Facilities and all operations of the Company be maintained in 
compliance with all Environmental Laws, including by having remedial 
measures taken as required by any Governmental Authority or otherwise 
reasonably necessary to ensure that the Y5 Facility and Other Y5 Facilities 
and all operations of the Company will remain in compliance with all 
Environmental Laws.
 
4.2  
Notice.  Each Party shall promptly notify the other of any circumstances of 
which it becomes aware that require or could reasonably be expected to 
require remediation or other actions to ensure that the Company and its 
operations are and will be maintained in compliance with all Environmental 
Laws and to minimize the aggregate Covered Environmental Costs (as defined 
below) that may be incurred.  Upon any such notice being given and 
received, the Parties shall promptly discuss in good faith and seek to 
agree upon the measures to be taken in response to such circumstances.  
Pending their agreement, nothing shall prevent or limit Toshiba, acting in 
good faith on its own initiative or upon SanDisk’s reasonable request, from 
investigating the circumstances of any releases of Hazardous Substances or 
taking steps reasonably appropriate to limit or prevent ongoing releases, 
to limit the effects of a release, or to prevent or limit any exposure or 
damage resulting from, arising out of or otherwise by virtue of a release, 
including taking immediate or urgent steps as appropriate in light of the 
circumstances then known, provided, that nothing in this paragraph shall 
require either Party to take any step except as required by applicable 
Environmental Law.
 
5.  
Indemnification Obligations.
 
5.1  
Mutual Responsibility and Indemnity for Environmental Costs.
 
(a)  
Subject to Section ‎5.1(b), each of SanDisk and Toshiba shall:
 
(1)  
be responsible for bearing its Share of Environmental Costs; and
 
(2)  
indemnify, defend and hold harmless the other Party and the Company (and 
their respective Indemnified Parties) for its Share of such Environmental 
Costs.
 
 
3
------------------------------------------------------------------------
**** Indicates that certain information contained herein has been omitted 
and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 
Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to the omitted 
portions.
Exhibit 10.3
FOIA Confidential Treatment Requested
Execution Version
 
(b)  
Each of SanDisk’s and Toshiba’s responsibility for its Share of 
Environmental Costs under Section ‎5.1(a) shall be subject to each of the 
following limitations (Environmental Costs not excluded from the one or 
both Parties’ responsibility under this Section ‎5.1(b), “Covered 
Environmental Costs”):
 
(1)  
Except as provided in Section 5.2(a), neither Party shall be responsible 
for conditions identified in the Y5 Baseline Environmental Report, 
including responsibility for any Environmental Costs resulting from, 
arising out of or otherwise by virtue of remediation or removal of 
pre-existing conditions.  However, if remedial measures otherwise taken in 
accordance with this Agreement incidentally result in remediation or 
removal of conditions not resulting from operation of the Y5 Facility or 
Other Y5 Facilities, only the Environmental Costs paid for the remedial 
measures taken with respect to the Y5 Facility or Other Y5 Facilities, as 
applicable (including amounts paid for remedial measures taken with respect 
to the Y5 Facility or Other Y5 Facilities that return the Y5 Facility or 
Other Y5 Facilities to a condition better than that identified in the Y5 
Baseline Environmental Report) shall constitute Covered Environmental 
Costs.
 
(2)  
Neither Party shall be responsible for Environmental Costs to the extent 
such Environmental Costs are incurred as a result of the willful misconduct 
of employees, agents or representatives of the other Party.
 
(3)  
Environmental Costs incurred for remediation shall only constitute Covered 
Environmental Costs to the extent reasonably necessary to ensure that the 
Company fulfills the Prudent Operator Standard.  The “Prudent Operator 
Standard” means taking all such remedial measures (i) as are required to be 
in compliance with all then effective Environmental Laws, (ii) that have 
been required by a Governmental Authority or (iii) that a prudent operator 
of a similar facility would then take or begin to take to ensure that its 
continuing operations and facilities will remain in compliance with then 
effective Environmental Laws and with Environmental Laws as they are then 
scheduled to go into effect or are anticipated to be changed in the next 
****.
 
(4)  
No Environmental Costs shall constitute Covered Environmental Costs with 
respect to either Party to the extent such Party’s liability limit under 
Section ‎5.5 has been exceeded.
 
(c)  
If the Parties are not able to agree on whether any given Environmental 
Costs constitute Covered Environmental Costs (including, following the 
completion of the sixty (60)-day process set forth in Section ‎8.5, as to 
whether remediation is necessary to fulfill the Prudent Operator Standard), 
such dispute shall be resolved by the mediation and arbitration provisions 
of Appendix A.
 
5.2  
Toshiba Indemnity.  Toshiba shall indemnify SanDisk and its Indemnified 
Parties from any environmental costs, expenses or liabilities of SanDisk 
resulting from, arising out of or otherwise by virtue of:
 
(a)  
environmental conditions existing at the Yokkaichi Facility (including the 
Y5 Facility or Other Y5 Facilities but excluding conditions from operations 
of the Y3 Facility and Y4 Facility) prior to the Closing;
 
(b)  
the actions or omissions of Toshiba, its Affiliates or its or their 
respective employees, directors, agents or representatives (other than in 
connection with the operation of the Y5 Facility or Other Y5 Facilities), 
for which Toshiba shall be solely responsible; provided however, that 
Toshiba shall have no indemnification obligation under this Section ‎
5.2(b) to the extent that any Environmental Costs result from, arise out of 
or otherwise occur by virtue of actions or omissions of SanDisk, its 
Affiliates or its or their respective employees, directors, agents or 
representatives, for which SanDisk shall be solely responsible; or
 
(c)  
from the operations of the Y5 Facility or Other Y5 Facilities after the FF 
Termination Date (unless SanDisk is the Buyer for purposes of Section ‎5.3
, in which case this Section ‎5.2(c) shall not apply).
 
5.3  
Buyer Indemnity.  If either of Toshiba or SanDisk (as “Buyer”) acquires the 
interests of the other (as “Seller”) in the Company, the Y5 Facility and 
Other Y5 Facilities (whether through acquiring its FF Interests, by an 
asset sale and liquidation or by other means), then, subject to Section ‎7
, Buyer shall indemnify Seller and its Indemnified Parties from any 
environmental costs, expenses or liability of Seller resulting from, 
arising out of or otherwise by virtue of, operations of the Y5 Facility and 
Other Y5 Facilities after the FF Termination Date.  However, Buyer shall 
have no indemnification obligation under this Section ‎5.3 to the extent 
that any Seller environmental costs, expenses or liabilities result from, 
arise out of or otherwise by virtue of actions or omissions of Seller, its 
Affiliates or its or their respective employees, directors, agents or 
representatives.
 
 
4
------------------------------------------------------------------------
**** Indicates that certain information contained herein has been omitted 
and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 
Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to the omitted 
portions.
Exhibit 10.3
FOIA Confidential Treatment Requested
Execution Version
 
5.4  
Control by Indemnifying Party.
 
(a) 
The indemnifying Party under Section ‎5.2 or ‎5.3 shall have the sole right 
to control the defense of any claim and the method and scope of remediation 
with respect to which the indemnified Party seeks indemnification, provided 
that the indemnifying Party shall not enter into any settlement that would 
materially affect the operations of the indemnified Party at the Yokkaichi 
Facility unless the indemnified Party has granted its prior written 
consent.
 
(b) 
The Parties shall cooperate in good faith to seek to agree upon the means 
of joint defense of any third party claim giving rise to Covered 
Environmental Costs (with any disagreement to be resolved by the mediation 
and arbitration provisions set forth in Appendix A).
 
5.5  
Liability Limit.  Neither Party’s aggregate liability for Covered 
Environmental Costs or indemnification obligations under Sections ‎5.1, ‎
5.2 and ‎5.3 shall exceed the greater of (a) US$5 million or (b) the 
aggregate (i) purchase price of the products purchased by such Party from 
Flash Forward and (ii) transfer price of the products produced for such 
Party at the Y5 Facility (which for purposes of computing this aggregate 
shall be deemed to be no less than cost plus one percent (1%)), during the 
six years prior to the date of the applicable claim (or in the case of 
liability arising after the FF Termination Date, for the six year period 
immediately preceding the FF Terminate Date).
 
6.  
Satisfaction of Indemnification Obligations.
 
6.1  
Prompt Payment.  Each Party shall promptly pay its Share of any Covered 
Environmental Costs paid by the Company or by the other Party in excess of 
its obligation to bear the Covered Environmental Costs.  In the event that 
any Covered Environmental Costs are incurred by the Company or 
disproportionately by a Party in excess of its Share, the Company or such 
Party, as applicable, shall invoice the other Party or Parties directly for 
the balance of such Covered Environmental Costs to the extent of such 
Party’s Share in accordance with Section ‎5.1(a); provided, however, that 
upon the mutual agreement of the Parties, each Party’s respective Share of 
Covered Environmental Costs may otherwise be paid via adjustments to the 
purchase prices they pay to the Company for Y5 NAND Flash Memory Products, 
pursuant to the applicable Master Operative Documents.  The Parties shall 
discuss in good faith the means and the timing of payment of their 
respective Shares of Covered Environmental Costs, taking into account when 
the Covered Environmental Costs are paid by the Company or by the other 
Party and the amount of such Covered Environmental Costs.  To the extent 
the obligations of either Party will not be timely or fully retired by 
wafer price increases, the Parties shall directly pay their respective 
Shares of Covered Environmental Costs.
 
6.2  
Action in the Name of the Company.  Either Party making a demand for 
indemnification or contribution pursuant to this Agreement shall be 
entitled, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the FF Master 
Agreement or the FF Operating Agreement, to cause the Company to make such 
demand, if doing so is appropriate to fulfill the intent of this Section ‎
6 (e.g., if the Company has borne the Covered Environmental Costs and the 
claiming Party has already reimbursed the Company for its Share of the 
same).
 
7.  
Post Termination Environmental Costs and Exit Environmental Report.
 
7.1  
Environmental Costs Paid Post Termination.  Except as otherwise set forth 
in this Section ‎7, the Parties’ obligations under Section ‎5.1 shall 
expire as of the FF Termination Date.
 
(a)  
In respect of Environmental Costs for remediation, to the extent the Exit 
Environmental Report (as defined below) identifies contamination at the Y5 
Facility or Other Y5 Facilities and a good faith claim concerning shared 
responsibility for such remediation costs is made by one of the Parties 
before the FF Termination Date, any obligations of the Parties under 
Section ‎5.1(a) (subject to Section ‎5.1(b)) in respect of remediation of 
such contamination shall survive the FF Termination Date, but only for so 
long and to the extent the Prudent Operator Standard continues to require 
remediation in respect of such contamination.
 
(b)  
In respect of Covered Environmental Costs resulting from a bona fide third 
party claim, the Parties obligations under Section ‎5.1(a) (subject to 
Section ‎5.1(b)) shall survive ****.
 
 
5
------------------------------------------------------------------------
**** Indicates that certain information contained herein has been omitted 
and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 
Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to the omitted 
portions.
Exhibit 10.3
FOIA Confidential Treatment Requested
Execution Version
 
7.2  
Exit Environmental Report.
 
(a)  
Promptly upon (i) the exercise by either Party of any right under the FF 
Operating Agreement and/or the FF Master Agreement to acquire the FF 
Interests of the other Party, to sell its FF Interests to the other Party 
or to cause the dissolution of the Company, or (ii) entering into any 
letter of intent or agreement for the sale of the Y5 Facility and Other Y5 
Facilities or all or substantially all of the assets (leased or owned) of 
the Company, the Parties shall engage an environmental consultant from an 
internationally recognized environmental investigation firm that has 
experience in Japan and that is mutually acceptable to the Parties (the “
Exit Consultant”) to conduct and complete Phase I and Phase II 
investigations of the Y5 Facility and Other Y5 Facilities as of a date as 
close as practicable to but in any event in advance of the FF Termination 
Date.  Toshiba shall facilitate the Exit Consultant’s access to the 
Yokkaichi Facility as reasonably necessary to conduct such investigations.
 
(b)  
The Exit Consultant shall be directed to prepare a draft report based on 
its Phase I and Phase II investigations and to deliver the draft report to 
SanDisk and Toshiba (and if either so directs, to any environmental 
consultant either Party has engaged for its own account).  SanDisk and 
Toshiba, directly and/or through their respective consultants, shall have 
sixty (60) days from receipt to comment on the draft report (any such 
comment shall be delivered both to the Exit Consultant and the other Party 
and any consultant it engages for its own account). The Exit Consultant 
shall then be directed to issue to the Parties its final report (the “Exit 
Environmental Report”), which shall be final and binding on the Parties.
 
(c)  
Environmental Costs arising from the Exit Environmental Report process 
shall be payable as provided in Article ‎5 and Section ‎6.1.
 
(d)  
Unless all payments due for Covered Environmental Costs in connection with 
the Exit Environmental Report process have been made before the FF 
Termination Date, the Buyer shall be entitled to withhold from the purchase 
price payable (or distributable) to Seller and place into third party 
escrow up to **** of such purchase price (but not to exceed the balance of 
Seller’s liability limit in Section ‎5.5), which shall serve as security 
for Seller’s responsibility for Covered Environmental Costs determined 
pursuant to this Section ‎7.
 
7.3  
****
 
8.  
Miscellaneous.
 
8.1  
Survival.  Sections ‎5, ‎6, ‎7 and ‎8 and Appendix A shall survive the 
termination or expiration of this Agreement.
 
8.2  
Entire Agreement.  This Agreement, together with any exhibits, schedules, 
appendices and attachments thereto, constitutes the agreement of the 
Parties to this Agreement with respect to the subject matter hereof and 
supersedes all prior written and oral agreements and understandings with 
respect to such subject matter.
 
8.3  
Effective Time of Agreement.  This Agreement shall be effective from the 
date first written above.
 
 
6
------------------------------------------------------------------------
**** Indicates that certain information contained herein has been omitted 
and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 
Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to the omitted 
portions.
Exhibit 10.3
FOIA Confidential Treatment Requested
Execution Version
 
8.4  
Governing Law.  This Agreement shall be governed and construed as to all 
matters including validity, construction and performance by and under the 
substantive laws of Japan.
 
8.5  
Dispute Concerning Prudent Operator Standard or Attribution of 
Environmental Costs.  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in Section 
2.5 of Appendix A, if the Parties are not able to agree upon (i) what 
application of the Prudent Operator Standard requires with respect to any 
given proposed remediation hereunder or (ii) the attribution of Hazardous 
Substances for purposes of Section ‎7.3, at the request of either of them 
they shall engage a neutral and independent environmental consultant 
acceptable to both Parties (the “Independent Consultant”) to facilitate 
resolution of such dispute.  The Parties (and at the option of each of them 
their own environmental consultants) shall meet and discuss the matter with 
the Independent Consultant and seek in good faith to resolve the dispute.  
If the Parties are not able to resolve the dispute within sixty (60) days 
after initiating discussions with the Independent Consultant, then at any 
time after such sixty (60) day period either Party may bring an arbitration 
claim pursuant to Section 2.5 of Appendix A to resolve the dispute.
 
8.6  
Assignment.  Neither party hereto may transfer this Agreement or any of its 
rights hereunder (except for any transfer to an Affiliate or in connection 
with a merger, consolidation or sale of all or substantially all the assets 
or the outstanding securities of such party, which transfer shall not 
require any consent of the other party) without the prior written consent 
of the other party hereto (which consent may be withheld in such other 
party’s sole discretion), and any such purported transfer without such 
consent shall be void.
 
[REMAINDER OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK]
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
7
------------------------------------------------------------------------
**** Indicates that certain information contained herein has been omitted 
and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 
Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to the omitted 
portions.
Exhibit 10.3
FOIA Confidential Treatment Requested
Execution Version
 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties have caused this Agreement to be executed 
and delivered as of the date and year first above written.
 
 
 
 
  	TOSHIBA CORPORATION
  	 By: 	 /s/ Kiyoshi Kobayashi
  	 Name: 	 Kiyoshi Kobayashi
  	 Title: 	 President and CEO
  	  	 Semiconductor Company
  	  	 Corporate Senior Vice President
  	  	 
  	 SANDISK FLASH B.V.
  	 By: 	 /s/ Sanjay Mehrotra
  	 Name: 	 Sanjay Mehrotra
  	 Title: 	 Director
  	  	 
  	  	 
  	  	 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
[Signature Page to Flash Forward Mutual Contribution and Environmental 
Indemnification Agreement
 
 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
**** Indicates that certain information contained herein has been omitted 
and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 
Confidential treatment has been requested with respect to the omitted 
portions.
 
 

