 EX-10.3 4 dp19848_ex1003.htm EXHIBIT 10.3
 
Exhibit 10.3
[Form of Option Agreement - CFO]
 
Option Award Agreement
under the
2010 GXS Group, Inc.
Long Term Incentive Plan

Date of Grant:
  	 
  	  	 
Name of Optionee:
  	 
  	  	 
Number of Shares Subject to the Option:
  	 
  	  	 
Exercise Price:
  	 
  	  	 
Type of Option:
__
Incentive Stock Option
  	
__
Non-Qualified Stock Options

GXS Group, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the “Company”), hereby grants as 
of the date of grant set forth above (the “Grant Date”) to the above-named 
optionee (“Optionee”) an option (the “Option”) to purchase from the 
Company, for the price per share set forth above, the number of shares of 
common stock of the Company (“Shares”) set forth above pursuant to the 2010 
GXS Group, Inc. Long Term Incentive Plan (the “Plan”).  Capitalized terms 
not otherwise defined herein shall have the same meanings as in the Plan.  
The terms and conditions of the Option granted hereby, to the extent not 
controlled by the terms and conditions of the Plan, are as follows:
 
1.           Exercise Price.  The price at which each Share subject to this 
Option may be purchased shall be the price set forth above.
 
2.           Number of Shares, Exercise.  The number of Shares for which 
the Option may be exercised is set forth above.  To the extent the Option 
has become vested and exercisable in accordance with Section 3 hereof, the 
Option may be exercised at any time through the date of expiration of the 
Option, as set forth in Section 4 hereof.
 
3.           Vesting.  The Option shall vest and become exercisable on the 
following schedule:
 
    (a)           The Option shall vest and become exercisable as to 25% of
    the Shares subject to the Option on the first anniversary of the Grant
    Date, and at a rate of 1/36th per month thereafter until fully vested,
    provided the Optionee remains an employee or service provider to the
    Company or its Affiliates as of each applicable vesting date.
 
 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
    (b)           In the event of a Change of Control, the Option shall
    vest and become exercisable on the date of the Change of Control as to
    that number of Shares subject to the Option that would have vested
    within the twelve (12)-month period following the date of the Change of
    Control.

    (c)           In the event the Company terminates your employment
    without Cause or you resign for Good Reason (as defined below) within
    two (2) years of a Change of Control, the Option shall vest and become
    exercisable as of the date of such termination or resignation as to
    that number of Shares subject to the Option that would have vested
    within the twelve (12)-month period following the date of such
    termination or resignation.  For purposes of this Award Agreement, “
    Good Reason” means (i) a material diminution in your combined base
    salary and bonus target, if applicable; (ii) a material diminution in
    your authority, duties or responsibilities; (iii) a material diminution
    in the budget over which you retain authority, if applicable; and (iv)
    a material change in the geographic location at which you are regularly
    required to provide services.

4.           Term of Option.  (a) The term of the Option commences on the 
Grant Date and expires upon the earlier of the date prior to the tenth (10
th) anniversary of the Grant Date or the following:
 
    (i)           immediately upon termination of Optionee’s employment or
    service with the Company and its Affiliates, to the extent such Option
    is not yet vested;
 
    (ii)           three (3) months after termination of Optionee’s
    employment or service with the Company and its Affiliates for any
    reason (other than as a result of death, Disability or Retirement or by
    the Company for Cause);
 
    (iii)           one (1) year after termination of Optionee’s employment
    or service with the Company and its Affiliates by reason of Optionee’s
    death, Disability or Retirement;
 
    (iv)           immediately upon termination of employment or service by
    the Company or its Affiliates for Cause; or
 
    (v)           in the event of a Change of Control, to the extent not
    continued or assumed in accordance with Section 6(d) of the Plan.
 
 (b)           Optionee acknowledges that to obtain the federal income tax 
advantages associated with an Incentive Stock Option, the Code requires 
that at all times beginning on the Grant Date and ending on the day three 
(3) months before the date of exercise of the Option, Optionee must be an 
employee of the Company or an Affiliate, except in the event of death or 
Disability.
 
 
2
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
5.           Exercise.  (a)  Manner of Exercise.  During the term of the 
Option set forth in Section 4 above, Optionee (or his representative, 
devisee or heir, as applicable) may exercise any portion of this Option 
which has become exercisable in accordance with the terms hereof as to all 
or any of the Shares then available for purchase by delivering to the 
Company written notice in the form specified by the Company.
 
Payment shall be (i) in cash, by certified or bank cashier check payable to 
the order of the Company, free from all collection charges, (ii) in the 
discretion of the Committee, in Shares (provided such Shares shall have 
been held by Optionee for at least six (6) months, unless the Committee 
determines in its sole discretion that such six (6)-month holding period is 
not necessary to comply with any accounting, legal or regulatory 
requirement) having a Fair Market Value equal to the full amount of the 
Exercise Price therefor, or (iii) such other form as may be permitted by 
the Committee.  Only one stock certificate will be issued unless Optionee 
otherwise requests in writing.  Shares purchased upon exercise of the 
Option will be issued in the name of Optionee or Optionee’s Permitted 
Transferee.  Optionee shall not be entitled to any rights as a stockholder 
of the Company in respect of any Shares covered by this Option until such 
Shares shall have been paid for in full and issued to Optionee.
 
(b)           Tax Withholding.  By exercising the Option, Optionee agrees 
that, as a condition to any exercise of the Option, the Company may require 
Optionee to enter into an arrangement providing for the payment by Optionee 
to the Company of any tax withholding obligation of the Company arising by 
reason of (1) the exercise of the Option or (2) the disposition of Shares 
acquired upon such exercise.  At any time Optionee exercises the Option, in 
whole or in part, or at any time as requested by the Company, Optionee 
hereby authorizes withholding from payroll and any other amounts payable to 
Optionee, any sums required to satisfy the federal, state, local and 
foreign tax withholding obligations of the Company, if any, which arise in 
connection with the Option.
 
(c)           Incentive Stock Options.  To the extent the Option is an 
Incentive Stock Option, by exercising the Option, Optionee agrees to notify 
the Company in writing within fifteen (15) days after the date of any 
disposition of any of the Shares issued upon exercise of the Option that 
occurs within two (2) years after the Grant Date or within one (1) year 
after such Shares are transferred upon exercise of the Option.  Optionee 
further acknowledges that to the extent that the aggregate Fair Market 
Value as of the Grant Date of the Shares subject to the Option plus all 
other Incentive Stock Options Optionee holds under any plans of the Company 
and its Affiliates that are exercisable for the first time during any 
calendar year exceeds $100,000, Optionee’s Option(s) or the portion thereof 
that exceed such limit (according to the order in which they were granted) 
shall be treated as Non-Qualified Stock Options.
 
(d)           Lock-up Period.  By exercising the Option, Optionee agrees 
that the Company (or a representative of the underwriter(s)) may, in 
connection with
 
 
3
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
any underwritten registration of the offering of any securities of the 
Company under the Securities Act (including the Company’s Initial Public 
Offering), require that Optionee not sell, dispose of, transfer, make any 
short sale of, grant any option for the purchase of, or enter into any 
hedging or similar transaction with the same economic effect as a sale, any 
Shares or other securities of the Company held by Optionee, for a period of 
time specified by the underwriter(s) (not to exceed one hundred eighty 
(180) days) following the effective date of the registration statement of 
the Company filed under the Securities Act; provided that this restriction 
shall in any event terminate two (2) years after the date of the Initial 
Public Offering.  Optionee further agrees to execute and deliver such other 
agreements as may be reasonably requested by the Company and/or the 
underwriter(s) that are consistent with the foregoing or that are necessary 
to give further effect thereto.  In order to enforce the foregoing 
covenant, the Company may impose stop-transfer instructions with respect to 
Optionee’s Shares until the end of such period.  The underwriters of the 
Company’s stock are intended third party beneficiaries of this Section 5(d) 
and shall have the right, power and authority to enforce the provisions 
hereof as though they were a party hereto.
 
(e)           Restrictions on Transfer of Shares.  By exercising the 
Option, Optionee understands and agrees that any Shares acquired hereunder 
are subject to the transfer restrictions set forth in Section 15(b) of the 
Plan.
 
(f)           Shareholder Agreement.  Upon exercise of the Option prior to 
an Initial Public Offering, Optionee shall be required to execute an 
agreement in a form satisfactory to the Company, agreeing to become a party 
to and be bound by the terms of the Stockholders Agreement, dated as of 
June 2, 2010, among certain stockholders of the Company, as the same may be 
amended, modified or supplemented from time to time.
 
6.           Option Repurchase Rights Prior to an Initial Public Offering.  
The Company shall have the following rights to repurchase Optionee’s Shares 
acquired pursuant to the exercise of the Option (the “Option Repurchase 
Right”) upon termination of Optionee’s employment or service:
 
(a)           Termination for Cause.  If Optionee’s employment with the 
Company and its Affiliates shall be terminated by the Company or any of its 
Affiliates for Cause, all Shares previously acquired hereunder and held for 
the period required to avoid a charge to the Company’s earnings (which is 
generally six months) shall be subject to the Option Repurchase Right at a 
price per Share equal to the lesser of (A) the Exercise Price or (B) Fair 
Market Value of the Shares as of the date of the notice given pursuant to 
clause (c) below.
 
(b)           Termination without Cause.  If Optionee’s employment with the 
Company and its Affiliates shall be terminated by the Company or any of its 
Affiliates for any reason other than Cause, or by Optionee for any reason, 
all Shares previously acquired and held for the period required to avoid a 
charge to the Company’s earnings (which is generally six (6) months) shall 
be subject to the
 
 
4
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
Option Repurchase Right at a price per Share equal to Fair Market Value as 
of the date of the notice given pursuant to clause (c) below.
 
(c)           Exercise of Option Repurchase Right.  If the Company elects 
to exercise its Option Repurchase Right under this Section 6, the Company 
shall deliver written notice to Optionee or his or her Permitted 
Transferee, as applicable, setting forth the number of Shares proposed to 
be purchased and the then Fair Market Value of such Shares.  Upon the 
consummation of any such purchase, Optionee shall deliver certificates, as 
applicable, or other documents satisfactory to the Company in its sole 
discretion evidencing such Shares duly endorsed, or accompanied by written 
instruments of transfer, free and clear of any encumbrances against 
delivery of payment for such Shares.  If the Board determines that the 
Company is unable to repurchase all or some portion of the Shares for cash 
without breaching the terms of any debt instruments or other agreement to 
which the Company or any of its subsidiaries is a party, or the Board 
determines in good faith that such repurchase would otherwise have a 
material adverse effect on the financial condition of the Company, the 
Company will pay in cash the maximum amount permitted under such debt 
instruments, or that would not result in such a material adverse effect, 
and deliver to Optionee a promissory note for the balance, payable as soon 
as (and in the maximum amounts that) the terms of such debt instruments or 
other agreements will permit or that will not have such a material adverse 
effect and bearing interest at the highest rate charged from time to time 
under the Company’s senior credit facility.
 
(d)           Lapse of Option Repurchase Right.  The Option Repurchase 
Right shall lapse and be of no further force and effect upon the earlier to 
occur of (i) an Initial Public Offering and (ii) eighteen (18) months after 
termination of Optionee’s employment.
 
7.           Certificates.  Certificates issued in respect of Shares 
acquired upon exercise of the Option shall, unless the Committee otherwise 
determines, be registered in the name of Optionee or Optionee’s Permitted 
Transferee.  When Optionee ceases to be bound by any transfer restrictions 
herein or in the Plan, the Company shall deliver such certificates to 
Optionee or Optionee’s Permitted Transferee upon request.  Such stock 
certificate shall carry such appropriate legends, and such written 
instructions shall be given to the Company transfer agent, as may be deemed 
necessary or advisable by counsel to the Company in order to comply with 
the requirements of the Securities Act, any state securities laws or any 
other Applicable Laws.
 
8.           Nontransferability of Option.  This Option is personal to 
Optionee and may be exercised only by Optionee or his or her representative 
in the event of Optionee’s Disability or death.  Any Option shall not be 
transferable other than by will or the laws of descent and distribution.  
Following transfer, any such Option shall continue to be subject to the 
same terms and conditions as were applicable immediately prior to transfer.
 
 
5
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
9.           Employment Rights.  This Option does not confer on Optionee 
any right to continue in the employ of the Company or any Subsidiary or 
interfere in any way with the right of the Company or any Subsidiary to 
determine the terms of Optionee’s employment.
 
10.           Proprietary Information and Inventions Agreement.  Optionee 
shall, as a condition precedent to the exercise of this Option, have 
executed and be in compliance with a proprietary information and inventions 
agreement substantially in the form attached to the Plan as Annex A.
 
11.           Terms of Plan, Interpretations.  This Option and the terms 
and conditions of this Award Agreement are subject in all respects to the 
terms and conditions of the Plan, which shall be controlling.  All 
interpretations or determinations of the Committee and/or the Board shall 
be binding and conclusive upon Optionee and his legal representatives on 
any question arising hereunder.  Optionee acknowledges that he has received 
and reviewed a copy of the Plan.
 
12.           Delegation.  Optionee acknowledges that any powers, rights or 
responsibilities of the Board and/or the Committee set forth herein may be 
delegated to and exercised by any subcommittee thereof as permitted under 
the Plan.
 
13.           Notices.  All notices hereunder to the party shall be 
delivered or mailed to the following addresses:
 
If to the Company:
 
       9711 Washingtonian Boulevard
       Gaithersburg, MD  20878
       Fax:  301-340-5840
       Attn:  General Counsel

If to Optionee:

       To the person and at the address specified on the signature page.

Such addresses for the service of notices may be changed at any time 
provided notice of such change is furnished in advance to the other party.
 
14.           Entire Agreement.  This Agreement and the Plan contain the 
entire understanding of the parties hereto in respect of the subject matter 
contained therein.  This Agreement and the Plan supersede all prior 
agreements and understandings between the parties hereto with respect to 
the subject matter hereof.
 
 
6
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
15.           Shareholder Approval Requirements.  This Agreement and the 
Option granted hereunder shall be null and void if the Plan is not approved 
by the stockholders of the Company within twelve (12) months of the date 
the Plan is approved by the Board.
 
16.           Governing Law.  This Option Agreement shall be governed by 
and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Maryland, without 
application of the conflict of laws principles thereof.
 
17.           Counterparts.  This Option Agreement may be signed in any 
number of counterparts, each of which shall be an original, with the same 
effect as if the signatures thereto and hereto were upon the same 
instrument.
 
 
7
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have caused this Option Agreement to be 
duly executed as of the date first above written.
 
 
 
GXS GROUP, INC.
 
  	 
  	 
  	  	  	 
By: 	  	 
  	Name: 	
 
 
  	Title: 	
  
 
 
 
OPTIONEE:
 
  	 
  	 
  	  	  	 
  	 
Name: 	  	 
Address: 	  	 
 
 
8
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
ANNEX A


GXS Group, Inc.
Proprietary Information and Inventions Agreement
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Annex A
 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------