 EX-10.2 3 v201697_ex10-2.htm
EXHIBIT 10.2


MONITORED REVOLVING CREDIT SUPPLEMENT

THIS SUPPLEMENT to the Master Loan Agreement dated May 3. 2010 (the “MLA”), 
is entered into as of October 14, 2010 between CoBANK, ACB (“CoBank”) and 
SOUTH DAKOTA SOYBEAN PROCESSORS, LLC, Volga, South Dakota (the “Company”), 
and amends and restates the Supplement dated August 12, 2010 and numbered 
RIB051S01L.

SECTION 1. The Revolving Credit Facility. On the terms and conditions set 
forth in the MLA and this Supplement. CoBank agrees to make loans to the 
Company during the period set forth below in an aggregate principal amount 
not to exceed, at any one time outstanding, $40,000,000.00 (the 
Commitment”); provided, however that the amount available under the 
Commitment shall not exceed the “Borrowing Base” (as calculated pursuant to 
the Borrowing Base Report attached hereto as Exhibit A) on the date for 
which Borrowing Base Reports are required pursuant to Section 6 below. 
Within the limits of the Commitment, the Company may borrow, repay, and 
reborrow.

SECTION 2.   Purpose. The purpose of the Commitment is to finance the 
inventory and receivables referred to in the Borrowing Base Report.

SECTION 3.   Term. The term of the Commitment shall be from the date 
hereof, up to and including July 1. 2011, or such later date as Col3ank 
may, in its sole discretion, authorize in writing.

SECTION 4.   Interest. The Company agrees to pay interest on the unpaid 
balance of the loan(s) in accordance with one or more of the following 
interest rate options, as selected by the Company:

(A)    One-Month LIBOR Index Rate. At a rate (rounded upward to the nearest 
1/100th and adjusted for reserves required on “Eurocurrency Liabilities” 
[as hereinafter defined] for banks subject to “FRB Regulation D” [as 
hereinafter defined] or required by any other federal law or regulation) 
per annum equal at all times to 3.85% above the rate quoted by the British 
Bankers Association (the “BBA”) at 11:00 a.m. London time for the offering 
of one (1)-month U.S. dollars deposits. as published by Bloomberg or 
another major information vendor listed on BBA’s official website on the 
first “U.S. Banking Day” (as hereinafter defined) in each week, with such 
rate to change weekly on such day. The rate shall be reset automatically, 
without the necessity of notice being provided to the Company or any other 
party, on the first “U.S. Banking Day” of each succeeding week, and each 
change in the rate shall be applicable to all balances subject to this 
option. Information about the then-current rate shall be made available 
upon telephonic request. For purposes hereof: (1) “U.S. Banking Day” shall 
mean a day on which CoBank is open for business and banks are open for 
business in New York, New York; (2) “Euroeurrency Liabilities” shall have 
the meaning as set forth in “FRU Regulation D”; and (3) “FRB Regulation D” 
shall mean Regulation D as promulgated by the Board of Governors of the 
Federal Reserve System, 12 CFR Part 204, as amended.

(B)     Quoted Rate. At a fixed rate per annum to be quoted by CoBank in 
its sole discretion in each instance. Under this option, rates may be fixed 
on such balances and for such periods, as may be agreeable to CoBank in its 
sole discretion in each instance, provided that: (1) the minimum fixed 
period shall be 30 days; (2) amounts may be fixed in increments of 
$500,000.00 or multiples thereof: and (3) the maximum number of fixes in 
place at any one time shall be ten.

 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

The Company shall select the applicable rate option at the time it requests 
a loan hereunder and may, subject to the limitations set forth above, elect 
to convert balances bearing interest at the variable rate option to one of 
the fixed rate options. Upon the expiration of any fixed rate period, 
interest shall automatically accrue at the variable rate option unless the 
amount fixed is repaid or fixed for an additional period in accordance with 
the terms hereof. Notwithstanding the foregoing, rates may not be fixed for 
periods expiring after the maturity date of the loans. All elections 
provided for herein shall be made telephonically or in writing and must be 
received by 12:00 Noon Company’s local time. Interest shall be calculated 
on the actual number of days each loan is outstanding on the basis of a 
year consisting of 360 days and shall be payable monthly in arrears by the 
20th day of the following month or on such other day in such month as 
CoBank shall require in a written notice to the Company.

SECTION 5.   Promissory Note. The Company promises to repay the unpaid 
principal balance of the loans on the last day of the term of the 
Commitment. In addition to the above, the Company promises to pay interest 
on the unpaid principal balance of the loans at the times and in accordance 
with the provisions set forth in Section 4 hereof. This note replaces and 
supersedes, but does not constitute payment of the indebtedness evidenced 
by, the promissory note set forth in the Supplement being amended and 
restated hereby.

SECTION 6.   Borrowing Base Reports, Etc. The Company agrees to furnish a 
Borrowing Base Report to CoBank at such times or intervals as CoBank may 
from time to time request. Until receipt of such a request, the Company 
agrees to furnish a Borrowing Base Report to CoBank within 30 days after 
each month end calculating the Borrowing Base as of the last day of the 
month. for which the report is being furnished. However, if no balance is 
outstanding hereunder on the last day of such month, then no Report need be 
furnished, If on the date for which a Borrowing Base Report is required the 
amount outstanding under the Commitment exceeds the Borrowing Base, the 
Company shall immediately notify CoBank and repay so much of the loans as 
is necessary to reduce the amount outstanding under the Commitment to the 
limits of the Borrowing Base.

SECTION 7.   Letters of Credit. If agreeable to CoBank in its sole 
discretion in each instance, in addition to loans, the Company may utilize 
the Commitment to open irrevocable letters of credit for its account. Each 
letter of credit will he issued within a reasonable period of time after 
Cobank’s receipt of a duly completed and executed copy of CoBank’s then 
current form of Application and Reimbursement Agreement or, if applicable, 
in accordance with the terms of any CoTrade Agreement between the parties, 
and shall reduce the amount available under the Commitment by the maximum 
amount capable of being drawn thereunder. Any draw under any letter of 
credit issued hereunder shall be deemed a loan under the Commitment and 
shall be repaid in accordance with this Supplement. Each letter of credit 
must be in form and content acceptable to CoBank and must expire no later 
than the maturity date of the Commitment. Notwithstanding the forgoing or 
any other provision hereof, the maximum amount capable of being drawn under 
each letter of credit must be statused against the Borrowing Base in the 
same manner as if it were a loan, and in the event that (after repaying all 
loans) the maximum amount capable of being drawn under the letters of 
credit exceeds the Borrowing Base, then the Company shall immediately 
notify CoBank and pay to CoBank (to be held as cash collateral) an amount 
equal to such excess.

SECTION 8.   Security. The Company’s obligations hereunder and, to the 
extent related hereto, the MLA. shall be secured as provided in the 
Security Section of the MLA, including without limitation as a future 
advance under any existing mortgage or deed of trust.

 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

SECTION 9.   Collateral Inspections. In consideration of the loans made 
hereunder, the Company will permit CoBank or its representatives, agents or 
independent contractors, during normal business hours or at such other 
times as CoBank and the Company may agree to: (A) inspect or examine the 
Company’s properties. books and records; (B) make copies of the Company’s 
books and records; and (C) discuss the Company’s affairs, finances and 
accounts with its officers, employees and independent certified public 
accountants. Without limiting the foregoing, the Company will permit 
CoBank, through an employee of CoBank or through an independent third party 
contracted by CoBank, to conduct on an annual basis a review of the 
collateral covered by the Security Agreement. The Company further agrees to 
pay to CoBank a collateral inspection fee designated by CoBank and 
reimburse CoBank all reasonable costs and expenses incurred by CoBank in 
connection with such collateral inspection reviews performed by CoBank 
employees or its agents.

SECTION 10.  Amendment Fee. In consideration of the amendment, the Company 
agrees to pay to CoBank on the execution hereof a fee in the amount of 
$14.00th00.

SECTION 11.  Commitment Fee. In consideration of the Commitment, the 
Company agrees to pay to CoBank a commitment fee on the average daily 
unused portion of the Commitment at the rate of 0.25% per annum 
(calculated on a 360-day basis), payable monthly in arrears by the 20th day 
following each month. Such fee shall be payable for each month (or portion 
thereof) occurring during the original or any extended term of the 
Commitment. For purposes of calculating the commitment fee only, the 
“Commitment” shall mean the dollar amount specified in Section 1 hereof, 
irrespective of the Borrowing Base.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have caused this Supplement to be executed 
by their duly authorized officers as of the date shown above.

CoBANK, ACB
  	
SOUTH DAKOTA SOYBEAN PROCESSORS, LLC
  	  	  	  	  	 
By:
/s/ Irene Matlin
  	
By:
/s/ Rodney Christianson
 
  	  	  	  	  	 
Title:
Assistant Corporate Secretary
  	
Title:
CEO
 

 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

SEASONAL BORROWING BASE REPORT
CoBank, ACB
                                            EXHIBIT A

Name of Borrower
  	
City, State:
  	
Date of Period
South Dakota Soybean
Processors, LLC (18462590)
  	
Volga, South Dakota
  	 

PART A—ELIGIBLE RECEIVABLES

For purposes hereof, ELIGIBLE RECEIVABLES shall mean rights to payment for 
goods sold and delivered or for services rendered which: (a) are not 
subject to any dispute, set-off, or counterclaim; (b) are not owing by an 
account debtor that is subject to a bankruptcy, reorganization, 
receivership or like proceeding; (c) are not subject to a lien in favor of 
any third party other than liens authorized by CoBank in writing which are 
subordinate to CoBank’s lien; (d) are not owing by an account debtor that 
is owned or controlled by the borrower; (e) are not accounts due more than 
30 days from invoice date; (f) are not accounts with balances past due more 
than 30 days; (g) are not deemed ineligible by CoBank.  For purposes 
thereof, CONTRACT RECEIVABLES shall mean all Accrued Gains & Losses on Open 
Purchase and Sale Contracts for grain which (a) are not in dispute, (b) are 
legally enforceable, and (c) are not subject to a lien except in favor of 
CoBank.

  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	
ADVANCE
  	  	  	  	
ALLOWABLE
 
ELIGIBLE RECEIVABLES
  	
AMOUNT
  	  	  	  	  	  	
RATE
  	  	  	  	
ADVANCE
 
  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	 
Trade Receivables 0-30 Days
  	$ 	- 	  	  	  	  	  	
x
  	  	85 	% 	  	
=
  	$ 	- 	 
Trade Receivables 31-60 Days
  	$ 	- 	  	  	  	  	  	
x
  	  	50 	% 	  	
=
  	$ 	- 	 
Trade Receivables 61 Days and Over
  	$ 	- 	  	  	  	  	  	
x
  	  	0 	% 	  	
=
  	$ 	- 	 
Other Receivables
  	$ 	- 	  	  	  	  	  	
x
  	  	0 	% 	  	
=
  	$ 	- 	 
Net Liquidated Value of Brokerage Accounts
  	$ 	- 	  	  	  	  	  	
x
  	  	90 	% 	  	
=
  	$ 	- 	 
  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	 
Net Contract Receivables for Old Crop Beans*
  	$ 	- 	  	  	  	  	  	
x
  	  	80 	% 	  	
=
  	$ 	- 	 
Net Contract Receivables for New Crop Beans*
  	$ 	- 	  	  	  	  	  	
x
  	  	70 	% 	  	
=
  	$ 	- 	 
Subtotal-Net Contract Receivables for Beans
  	$ 	- 	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	$ 	- 	 
*Old Crop ends September 30.  Net Contract
  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	 
Receivables are Accrued Gains & Loss on
  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	 
Open Purchase & Sale Contracts
  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	 
  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	 
TOTAL PART A
  	$ 	- 	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	$ 	- 	 

PART B-ELIGIBLE INVENTORY

For purposes hereof, ELIGIBLE INVENTROY shall mean inventory which (a) is 
of a type shown below; (b) is owned by the borrower and not held by the 
borrower on consignment or similar basis; (c) is not subject to a lien 
except in favor of CoBank

  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	
ADVANCE
  	
 
  	
ALLOWABLE
 
Types of Eligible Inventory
  	
AMOUNT
  	  	
Deduction
  	  	  	  	  	
RATE
  	
 
  	
ADVANCE
 
Soybeans*
  	$ 	- 	  	  	  	  	  	x 	  	  	  	85 	% 	
=
  	$ 	- 	 
 Less: Grain Payables
  	  	  	  	  	$ 	- 	  	  	x 	  	  	  	85 	% 	
=
  	$ 	- 	 
  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	 
Soybean Meal**
  	$ 	- 	  	  	  	  	  	  	x 	  	  	  	85 	% 	
=
  	$ 	- 	 
Soybean Oil**
  	$ 	- 	  	  	  	  	  	  	x 	  	  	  	85 	% 	
=
  	$ 	- 	 
Soybean Hulls**
  	$ 	- 	  	  	  	  	  	  	x 	  	  	  	75 	% 	
=
  	$ 	- 	 
Other Inventory
  	$ 	- 	  	  	  	  	  	  	x 	  	  	  	0 	% 	
=
  	$ 	- 	 
TOTAL PART B
  	$ 	- 	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	$  	- 	 

*Valued at Bid Price FOB Volga, SD
**Valued at market FOB Volga, SD

PART C – OBLIGATIONS
Less:
  	
OBLIGATIONS
 
Book Overdraft (Bank overdraft net of cash available.)
  	$ 	- 	 
Demand Patron Notes/Deposits
  	$ 	- 	 
Accts Payable Owed to Suppliers with PMSI Filings
  	$ 	- 	 
Outstanding Balance of CoBank Loan(s), (as of date of this report): 
(#RIB051S01)
  	$ 	- 	 
CoBank Letters of Credit issued (excluding North Western Services 
Corporation Letter of Credit)
  	$ 	- 	 
TOTAL PART C (NET OBLIGATIONS SUMMARY)
  	$ 	- 	 

*EXCESS/OVERADVANCE (AS OF END OF PERIOD): Total A + B - C
 
 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 