 EX-10.1 2 ex101formdeb.htm FORM OF 12% CONVERTIBLE DEBENTURE
EXHIBIT 10.1

 
 
DRAFT #4.0_July 26, 2010
 
THIS DEBENTURE AND THE SHARES OF COMMON STOCK ISSUABLE UPON CONVERSION OF 
THIS DEBENTURE (THE “SHARES”) HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES 
ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE “ACT”), OR ANY APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES 
LAWS.  THIS DEBENTURE AND THE COMMON STOCK ISSUABLE UPON CONVERSION OF THIS 
DEBENTURE MAY NOT BE SOLD, OFFERED FOR SALE, PLEDGED OR HYPOTHECATED IN THE 
ABSENCE OF AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT AS TO THIS DEBENTURE OR THE 
SHARES UNDER SAID ACT AND APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS OR AN OPINION OF 
COUNSEL REASONABLY SATISFACTORY TO NYTEX ENERGY HOLDINGS, INC. THAT SUCH 
REGISTRATION IS NOT REQUIRED.
 
Original Issue Date: July ___, 2010
 
 $100,000.00
 
12% CONVERTIBLE DEBENTURE
 
DUE ______________, 201__
 
This Convertible Debenture is provided in accordance with the terms of that 
certain Securities Purchase Agreement (the “Purchase Agreement”) by and 
among NYTEX Energy Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the “Company”), 
and among others, ____________________________________, together with its 
registered and permitted assigns (the “Holder”), and is one of a series of 
duly authorized and issued 12% Convertible Debentures of the Company 
designated as its 12% Convertible Debenture, due _____________, 201__ (this 
debenture, the “Debenture” and, collectively with the other debentures in 
this series, the “Debentures”).
 
FOR VALUE RECEIVED, the Company promises to pay to the Holder the principal 
sum of $100,000.00 by _____________, 201__, or such earlier date as this 
Debenture is required or permitted to be repaid as provided hereunder (the 
“Maturity Date”), and to pay interest to the Holder on the aggregate 
unconverted and then outstanding principal amount of this Debenture in 
accordance with the provisions hereof.  This Debenture is subject to the 
following additional provisions:
 
Section 1.                      Definitions.  For the purposes hereof, in 
addition to the terms defined elsewhere in this Debenture: (a) capitalized 
terms not otherwise defined herein have the meanings given to such terms in 
the Purchase Agreement, and (b) the following terms shall have the 
following meanings:
 
“Base Conversion Price” shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5(b).
 
“Business Day” means any day except Saturday, Sunday and any day which 
shall be a federal legal holiday in the United States or a day on which 
banking institutions in the State of Texas are authorized or required by 
law or other government action to close.
 
“Change of Control Transaction” means the occurrence after the Original 
Issue Date hereof of any of (i) an acquisition by an individual or legal 
entity or “group” (as described in Rule 13d-5(b)(1) promulgated under the 
Exchange Act) of effective control (whether through legal or beneficial 
ownership of capital stock of the Company, by contract or otherwise) of in 
excess of 50% of the voting securities of the Company, or (ii) the Company 
merges into or consolidates with any other Person, or any Person merges 
into or consolidates with the Company and, after giving effect to such 
transaction, the stockholders of the Company immediately prior to such 
transaction own less than 50% of the aggregate
 


12% CONVERTIBLE DEBENTURE – Page 1

 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

voting power of the Company or the successor entity of such transaction, or 
(iii) the Company sells or transfers its assets, as an entirety or 
substantially as an entirety, to another Person and the stockholders of the 
Company immediately prior to such transaction own less than 50% of the 
aggregate voting power of the acquiring entity immediately after the 
transaction, (iv) a replacement at one time or within a three year period 
of more than one-half of the members of the Company’s board of directors 
which is not approved by a majority of those individuals who are members of 
the board of directors on the date hereof (or by those individuals who are 
serving as members of the board of directors on any date whose nomination 
to the board of directors was approved by a majority of the members of the 
board of directors who are members on the date hereof), or (v) the 
execution by the Company of an agreement to which the Company is a party or 
by which it is bound, providing for any of the events set forth above in 
(i) through (iv).
 
“Closing Price” means on any particular date (a) the last reported closing 
bid price per share of Common Stock on such date on the Trading Market (as 
reported by Bloomberg L.P. at 4:15 PM (New York time)), or (b) if there is 
no such price on such date, then the closing bid price on the Trading 
Market on the date nearest preceding such date (as reported by Bloomberg 
L.P. at 4:15 PM (New York time)), or (c) if the Common Stock is not then 
listed or quoted on the Trading Market and if prices for the Common Stock 
are then reported in the “pink sheets” published by Pink Sheets, LLC (or a 
similar organization or agency succeeding to its functions of reporting 
prices), the most recent bid price per share of the Common Stock so 
reported, or (d) if the shares of Common Stock are not then publicly traded 
the fair market value of a share of Common Stock as determined by an 
appraiser selected in good faith by the Company’s board of directors.
 
“Common Stock” means the common stock, par value $0.001 per share, of the 
Company and stock of any other class of securities into which such 
securities may hereafter have been reclassified or changed.
 
“Conversion Date” shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4(a).
 
“Conversion Price” shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4(b).
 
“Conversion Shares” means the shares of Common Stock issuable upon 
conversion of this Debenture.
 
“Debenture Register” shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2(b).
 
“Dilutive Issuance” shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5(b).
 
“Dilutive Issuance Notice” shall have the meaning set forth in Section 
5(b).
 
“Effectiveness Period” shall have the meaning given to such term in the 
Registration Rights Agreement.
 
“Equity Conditions” shall mean, during the period in question, (i) the 
Company shall have duly honored all conversions and redemptions scheduled 
to occur or occurring by virtue of one or more Notice of Conversion of the 
Holder, if any, (ii) all amounts owing to the Holder in respect of this 
Debenture shall have been paid, (iii) there is an effective Registration 
Statement pursuant to which the Holder is permitted to utilize the 
prospectus thereunder to resell all of the shares issuable pursuant to the 
Transaction Documents (and the Company believes, in good faith, that such 
effectiveness will continue uninterrupted for the foreseeable future), (iv) 
the Common Stock is trading on the Trading Market and all of the shares 
issuable pursuant to the Transaction Documents are listed for trading on a 
Trading Market (and the
 


12% CONVERTIBLE DEBENTURE – Page 2

 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

Company believes, in good faith, that trading of the Common Stock on a 
Trading Market will continue uninterrupted for the foreseeable future), (v) 
there is a sufficient number of authorized but unissued and otherwise 
unreserved shares of Common Stock for the issuance of all of the shares 
issuable pursuant to the Transaction Documents, (vi) there is then existing 
no Event of Default or event which, with the passage of time or the giving 
of notice, would constitute an Event of Default, and (vii) no public 
announcement of a pending or proposed Fundamental Transaction, Change of 
Control Transaction or acquisition transaction has occurred that has not 
been consummated.
 
“Event of Default” shall have the meaning set forth in Section 8.
 
“Exchange Act” means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and 
the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.
 
“FDF Acquisition” means the Company’s acquisition of at least 80% of each 
class of the outstanding equity securities of Francis Drilling Fluids, Ltd. 
on or before December 31, 2010.
 
“FDF Acquisition Offering” means a separate offering by the Company of 
securities of the Company for what the Company presently expects will be an 
aggregate consideration of a minimum of $15,750,000 to consummate the FDF 
Acquisition.
 
“Late Fees” shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2(c).
 
“Notice of Conversion” shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4(a).
 
“Optional Redemption” shall have the meaning set forth in Section 6(a).
 
“Optional Redemption Amount” shall mean the sum of (i) 100% of the 
principal amount of the Debenture then outstanding, and (ii) accrued but 
unpaid interest and other amounts due in respect of the Debenture.
 
“Optional Redemption Date” shall have the meaning set forth in Section 
6(a).
 
“Optional Redemption Notice” shall have the meaning set forth in Section 
6(a).
 
“Optional Redemption Notice Date” shall have the meaning set forth in 
Section 6(a).
 
“Original Issue Date” shall mean the date of the first issuance of the 
Debentures regardless of the number of transfers of any Debenture and 
regardless of the number of instruments which may be issued to evidence 
such Debenture.
 
“Permitted Indebtedness” shall mean the Indebtedness existing on the 
Original Issue Date.
 
“Permitted Lien” shall mean the individual and collective reference to the 
following: (a) Liens for taxes, assessments and other governmental charges 
or levies not yet due or Liens for taxes, assessments and other 
governmental charges or levies being contested in good faith and by 
appropriate proceedings for which adequate reserves (in the good faith 
judgment of the management of the Company) have been established in 
accordance with GAAP; (b) Liens imposed by law which were incurred in the 
ordinary course of business, such as carriers’, warehousemen’s and 
mechanics’ Liens, statutory landlords’ Liens, and other similar Liens 
arising in the ordinary course of business; (c) Liens which do not 
individually or in the aggregate materially detract from the value of such 
property or assets or materially impair the use thereof in the operation of 
the business of the Company and its consolidated Subsidiaries;
 


12% CONVERTIBLE DEBENTURE – Page 3

 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

or (d) other Liens which are being contested in good faith by appropriate 
proceedings, which proceedings have the effect of preventing the forfeiture 
or sale of the property or asset subject to such Lien.
 
“Person” means a corporation, an association, a partnership, organization, 
a business, an individual, a government or political subdivision thereof or 
a governmental agency.
 
“Registration Rights Agreement” means the Registration Rights Agreement, 
dated as of the date of the Purchase Agreement, to which the Company and 
the original Holder are parties, as amended, modified or supplemented from 
time to time in accordance with its terms.
 
“Registration Statement” means a registration statement meeting the 
requirements set forth in the Registration Rights Agreement, covering among 
other things the resale of the Conversion Shares and naming the Holder as a 
Registering Stockholder thereunder.
 
“Securities Act” means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the 
rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.
 
“Subsidiary” shall have the meaning given to such term in the Purchase 
Agreement.
 
“Trading Day” means a day on which the following markets or exchanges are 
open for trading securities: Nasdaq Capital Market, the American Stock 
Exchange, the New York Stock Exchange or the Nasdaq Global Market.
 
“Trading Market” means the following markets or exchanges on which the 
Common Stock is listed or quoted for trading on the date in question: the 
Nasdaq Capital Market, the American Stock Exchange, the New York Stock 
Exchange or the Nasdaq Global Market.
 
“Transaction Documents” shall have the meaning set forth in the Purchase 
Agreement.
 
“VWAP” means, for any date, the price determined by the first of the 
following clauses that applies: (a) if the Common Stock is then listed or 
quoted on a Trading Market, the daily volume weighted average price of the 
Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date) on the Trading 
Market on which the Common Stock is then listed or quoted as reported by 
Bloomberg Financial L.P. (based on a Trading Day from 9:30 a.m. Eastern 
Time to 4:02 p.m. Eastern Time); (b) if the Common Stock is not then listed 
or quoted on a Trading Market and if prices for the Common Stock are then 
reported in the “Pink Sheets” published by the Pink Sheets, LLC (or a 
similar organization or agency succeeding to its functions of reporting 
prices), the most recent bid price per share of the Common Stock so 
reported; or (c) in all other cases, the fair market value of a share of 
Common Stock as determined by an independent appraiser selected in good 
faith by the Company.
 
Section 2.                      Interest.
 
    (a)           Payment of Interest.  The Company shall pay interest to
    the Holder on the aggregate unconverted and then outstanding principal
    amount of this Debenture at the rate of 12% per annum, payable in
    arrears on the first Business Day of each month following the date of
    closing and on the Maturity Date (each such date, an “Interest Payment
    Date”), in cash.
 
    (b)           Interest Calculations.  Interest shall be calculated and
    accrue commencing on the Original Issue Date until payment in full of
    the principal sum, together with all accrued and unpaid interest and
    other amounts which may become due hereunder, has been made.  Interest
 


12% CONVERTIBLE DEBENTURE – Page 4

 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

    shall cease to accrue with respect to any principal amount converted,
    provided that the Company in fact delivers the Conversion Shares within
    the time period required by Section 4(d)(ii).  Interest hereunder will
    be paid to the Person in whose name this Debenture is registered on the
    records of the Company regarding registration and transfers of this
    Debenture (the “Debenture Register”), as set forth in Section 3(c)
    below.
 
    (c)           Late Fee.  All overdue accrued and unpaid interest to be
    paid hereunder shall entail a late fee at the rate of 18% per annum (or
    such lower maximum amount of interest permitted to be charged under
    applicable law) (“Late Fees”) from the date such payment was due
    hereunder through and including the date of payment.
 
    (d)           Prepayment.  Except as otherwise set forth in this
    Debenture, the Company may not prepay any portion of the principal
    amount of this Debenture without the prior written consent of the
    Holder unless the agreements related to the FDF Acquisition Offering
    requires the Company to prepay the Debenture.
 
Section 3.                      Registration of Transfers.
 
    (a)           Transferability.  This Debenture is transferable by the
    Holder to another Person, and, upon written notification of such
    transfer (including full legal name of transferee, Employer
    Identification Number, address, and any other information requested by
    the Company), the Company shall, within 10 Business Days, deliver to
    such transferee an equal aggregate outstanding principal amount of
    Debentures to such transferee.  No service charge will be made for such
    registration of transfer.
 
    (b)           Investment Representations.  This Debenture has been
    issued subject to certain investment representations of the original
    Holder set forth in the Purchase Agreement and may be transferred or
    exchanged only in compliance with the Purchase Agreement and applicable
    federal and state securities laws and regulations.
 
    (c)           Reliance on Debenture Register.  Prior to due presentment
    to the Company for transfer of this Debenture, the Company and any
    agent of the Company may treat the Person in whose name this Debenture
    is duly registered on the Debenture Register as the owner hereof for
    the purpose of receiving payment as herein provided and for all other
    purposes, whether or not this Debenture is overdue, and neither the
    Company nor any such agent shall be affected by notice to the contrary.
 
Section 4.                      Conversion.
 
    (a)           Voluntary Conversion.  At any time after the Original
    Issue Date until this Debenture is no longer outstanding, this
    Debenture shall be convertible into shares of Common Stock at the
    option of the Holder, in whole or in part at any time and from time to
    time (subject to the limitations on conversion set forth in Section
    4(c) hereof); provided, however, that each such conversion amount shall
    be at least $25,000.  The Holder shall effect conversions by delivering
    to the Company the form of Notice of Conversion attached hereto as 
    Annex A (a “Notice of Conversion”), specifying therein the principal
    amount of this Debenture to be converted and the date on which such
    conversion is to be effected (a “Conversion Date”).  If no Conversion
    Date is specified in a Notice of Conversion, the Conversion Date shall
    be the date that such Notice of Conversion is provided hereunder.  Any
    Notice of Conversion shall be accompanied by this Debenture for (i)
    issuance of a replacement debenture if less than the entire principal
    amount of
 


12% CONVERTIBLE DEBENTURE – Page 5

 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

    this Debenture, plus all accrued and unpaid interest thereon, is being
    converted, or (ii) surrender if all amounts due hereunder have been
    paid.  Conversions hereunder shall have the effect of lowering the
    outstanding principal amount of this Debenture in an amount equal to
    the applicable conversion.  The Company shall maintain records showing
    the principal amount converted and the date of such conversions.  In
    the event of any dispute or discrepancy, the Debenture Register shall
    be controlling and determinative in the absence of manifest error.
 
    (b)           Conversion Price.  Except as set forth in Section
    5(a)(ii), the conversion price in effect on any Conversion Date shall
    be equal to the lesser of (i) $1.50 (subject to adjustment herein) (the
    “Set Price”) or (ii) 75% of the offering price per share of the FDF
    Acquisition Offering (subject to adjustment for forward and reverse
    stock splits, stock dividends, recapitalizations and the like) (the “
    Floor Price”) (such lower price, the “Conversion Price”). 
    Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Floor Price
    calculated pursuant to Section 4(b)(ii) (and, therefore, the Conversion
    Price) shall not be less than $1.00 (subject to adjustment for forward
    and reverse stock splits, stock dividends, recapitalizations and the
    like).
 
    (c)           Mechanics of Conversion.
 
       (i)           Conversion Shares Issuable Upon Conversion of
       Principal Amount.  The number of shares of Common Stock issuable
       upon a conversion hereunder shall be determined by the quotient
       obtained by dividing (x) the outstanding principal amount of this
       Debenture to be converted by (y) the Conversion Price.
 
       (ii)           Delivery of Certificate Upon Conversion.  Not later
       than three (3) Trading Days after the latter of the Conversion Date
       and the date the Company receives the Conversion Notice, the Company
       will deliver or cause to be delivered to the Holder (A) a
       certificate or certificates representing the Conversion Shares
       which, to the extent allowed by applicable federal and state
       securities laws and regulations, shall be free of restrictive
       legends and trading restrictions (other than those required by the
       Purchase Agreement) representing the number of shares of Common
       Stock being acquired upon the conversion of this Debenture and (B) a
       bank check in the amount of any accrued and unpaid interest.  The
       Company shall, if available and if allowed under applicable
       securities laws, and if it is the Company’s standard practice, use
       commercially reasonable efforts to deliver any certificate or
       certificates required to be delivered by the Company under this
       Section electronically through the Depository Trust Corporation or
       another established clearing corporation performing similar
       functions.
 
       (iii)           Failure to Deliver Certificates.  If in the case of
       any Notice of Conversion such certificate or certificates are not
       delivered to or as directed by the applicable Holder by the third (3
       rd) Trading Day after a Conversion Date, the Holder shall be
       entitled by written notice to the Company at any time on or before
       its receipt of such certificate or certificates thereafter, to
       rescind such conversion, in which event the Company shall
       immediately return the Debenture to the Holder.
 
       (iv)           Reservation of Shares Issuable Upon Conversion.  The
       Company covenants that it will at all times reserve and keep
       available out of its authorized and unissued shares of Common Stock
       solely for the purpose of issuance upon conversion of this
       Debenture, not less than such number of shares of the Common Stock
       as shall (subject to the terms and conditions set forth in the
       Purchase Agreement) be issuable
 


12% CONVERTIBLE DEBENTURE – Page 6

 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

       (taking into account the adjustments and restrictions of Section 5)
       upon the conversion of the outstanding principal amount of this
       Debenture.
 
       (v)           Fractional Shares.  Upon a conversion hereunder the
       Company shall not be required to issue stock certificates
       representing fractions of shares of the Common Stock, but may if
       otherwise permitted, make cash payment in respect of any final
       fraction of a share based on the VWAP at such time.  If the Company
       elects not, or is unable, to make such cash payment, the Holder
       shall be entitled to receive, in lieu of the final fraction of a
       share, one whole share of Common Stock.
 
       (vi)           Transfer Taxes.  The issuance of certificates for
       shares of the Common Stock on conversion of this Debenture shall be
       made without charge to the Holder hereof for any documentary stamp
       or similar taxes that may be payable in respect of the issue or
       delivery of such certificate, provided that the Company shall not be
       required to pay any tax that may be payable in respect of any
       transfer involved in the issuance and delivery of any such
       certificate upon conversion in a name other than that of the Holder
       of this Debenture so converted and the Company shall not be required
       to issue or deliver such certificates unless or until the person or
       persons requesting the issuance thereof shall have paid to the
       Company the amount of such tax or shall have established to the
       satisfaction of the Company that such tax has been paid.
 
Section 5.                      Certain Adjustments.
 
    (a)           Stock Dividends and Stock Splits.
 
       (i)           If the Company, at any time while this Debenture is
       outstanding: (A) pays a stock dividend or otherwise makes a
       distribution or distributions on shares of its Common Stock or any
       other equity or equity equivalent securities payable in shares of
       Common Stock (which, for avoidance of doubt, shall not include any
       shares of Common Stock issued by the Company pursuant to this
       Debenture), (B) subdivides outstanding shares of Common Stock into a
       larger number of shares, (C) combines (including by way of reverse
       stock split) outstanding shares of Common Stock into a smaller
       number of shares, or (D) issues by reclassification of shares of the
       Common Stock any shares of capital stock of the Company, then the
       Set Price shall be multiplied by a fraction of which the numerator
       shall be the number of shares of Common Stock (excluding treasury
       shares, if any) outstanding immediately before such event and of
       which the denominator shall be the number of shares of Common Stock
       outstanding immediately after such event.  Any adjustment made
       pursuant to this Section shall become effective immediately after
       the record date for the determination of stockholders entitled to
       receive such dividend or distribution and shall become effective
       immediately after the effective date in the case of a subdivision,
       combination or re-classification.
 
       (ii)           Notwithstanding Section 5(a)(i) above, no adjustment
       to the Set Price, Floor Price or Conversion Price shall be made as a
       result of the Company’s planned 1-for-2 reverse stock split of the
       Common Stock which the Company approved as of July 23, 2010.
 
    (b)           Subsequent Equity Sales.  If the Company at any time
    while this Debenture is outstanding, shall offer, sell, grant any
    option to purchase or offer, sell or grant any right to reprice its
    securities, or otherwise dispose of or issue (or announce any offer,
    sale, grant or any
 


12% CONVERTIBLE DEBENTURE – Page 7

 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

    option to purchase or other disposition) any Common Stock entitling any
    Person to acquire shares of Common Stock, at an effective price per
    share less than the then Set Price (such lower price, the “Base
    Conversion Price” and such issuances collectively, a “Dilutive Issuance
    ”), as adjusted hereunder (if the holder of the Common Stock or Common
    Stock Equivalents so issued shall at any time, whether by operation of
    purchase price adjustments, reset provisions, floating conversion,
    exercise or exchange prices or otherwise, or due to warrants, options
    or rights per share which is issued in connection with such issuance,
    be entitled to receive shares of Common Stock at an effective price per
    share which is less than the Set Price, such issuance shall be deemed
    to have occurred for less than the Set Price on such date of the
    Dilutive Issuance), then the Set Price shall be reduced to equal the
    Base Conversion Price.  Such adjustment shall be made whenever such
    Common Stock is issued.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, no adjustment
    will be made under this Section 5(b) in respect of an Exempt Issuance
    (as defined in the Purchase Agreement) or  in connection with the FDF
    Acquisition Offering.  The Company shall notify the Holder in writing,
    no later than the Business Day following the issuance of any Common
    Stock or Common Stock Equivalents subject to this section, indicating
    therein the applicable issuance price, or of applicable reset price,
    exchange price, conversion price and other pricing terms (such notice
    the “Dilutive Issuance Notice”).  For purposes of clarification,
    whether or not the Company provides a Dilutive Issuance Notice pursuant
    to this Section 5(b), upon the occurrence of any Dilutive Issuance,
    after the date of such Dilutive Issuance the Holder is entitled to
    receive a number of Conversion Shares based upon the Base Conversion
    Price regardless of whether the Holder accurately refers to the Base
    Conversion Price in the Notice of Conversion.
 
    (c)           Pro Rata Distributions.  If the Company, at any time
    while this Debenture is outstanding, shall distribute to all holders of
    Common Stock (and not to the holders of the Debenture) evidences of its
    indebtedness or assets (including cash and cash dividends) or rights or
    warrants to subscribe for or purchase any security, then in each such
    case the Set Price shall be adjusted by multiplying such Set Price in
    effect immediately prior to the record date fixed for determination of
    stockholders entitled to receive such distribution by a fraction of
    which the denominator shall be the VWAP determined as of the record
    date mentioned above, and of which the numerator shall be such VWAP on
    such record date less the then fair market value at such record date of
    the portion of such assets or evidence of indebtedness so distributed
    applicable to one outstanding share of the Common Stock as determined
    by the Board of Directors in good faith.  In either case the
    adjustments shall be described in a statement provided to the Holder of
    the portion of assets or evidences of indebtedness so distributed or
    such subscription rights applicable to one share of Common Stock.  Such
    adjustment shall be made whenever any such distribution is made and
    shall become effective immediately after the record date mentioned
    above.
 
    (d)           Reorganization, Reclassification, Consolidation, Merger
    or Sale.  If any reclassification, recapitalization or reorganization,
    or consolidation or merger of the Company with another corporation, or
    the sale of all or substantially all of its assets or other similar
    transaction, shall be effected in such a way that holders of Common
    Stock shall be entitled to receive, with respect to or in exchange for
    their shares of Common Stock, securities or other assets or property
    (an “Organic Change”) and the Company is the resulting or surviving
    corporation of such Organic Change, then, as a condition of such
    Organic Change, provisions shall be made by the Company whereby the
    Holder hereof shall thereafter have the right to purchase and receive
    (in lieu of the shares of the Common Stock of the Company purchasable
    and receivable upon the exercise of this Debenture immediately prior to
    such Organic Change) such shares of stock, securities or other assets
    or property as may be issued or payable in connection
 


12% CONVERTIBLE DEBENTURE – Page 8

 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

    with such Organic Change with respect to or in exchange for the number
    of outstanding shares of such Common Stock purchasable and receivable
    upon the exercise of this Debenture immediately prior to such Organic
    Change. In the event of any Organic Change, appropriate provision shall
    be made by the Company with respect to the rights and interests of the
    Holder of this Debenture to the end that the provisions hereof
    (including, without limitation, provisions for adjustments of the
    Conversion Price and of the number of shares (or amount of stock, other
    securities or property) purchasable and receivable upon the conversion
    of this Debenture) shall thereafter be applicable, in relation to any
    shares of stock, securities or property thereafter deliverable upon the
    exercise hereof.  In the event of any Organic Change pursuant to which
    the Company is not the surviving or resulting corporation, prior to the
    consummation thereof, the corporation resulting from such Organic
    Change or the corporation purchasing such assets shall assume by
    written instrument the obligation to deliver to the Holder such shares
    of stock, securities or assets as, in accordance with the foregoing
    provisions, the Holder may be entitled to purchase.
 
    (e)           Calculations.  All calculations under this Section 5
    shall be made to the nearest cent or the nearest 1/100th of a share, as
    the case may be.  For purposes of this Section 5, the number of shares
    of Common Stock deemed to be issued and outstanding as of a given date
    shall be the sum of the number of shares of Common Stock (excluding
    treasury shares, if any) issued and outstanding, on a fully diluted
    basis.
 
    (f)           Notice to the Holder.
 
       (i)           Adjustment to Set Price.  Whenever the Set Price is
       adjusted pursuant to any of this Section 5, the Company shall
       promptly send each Holder a notice setting forth the Set Price after
       such adjustment and setting forth a brief statement of the facts
       requiring such adjustment.
 
       (ii)           Notice to Allow Conversion by Holder.  If (A) the
       Company shall declare a dividend (or any other distribution) on the
       Common Stock; (B) the Company shall declare a special nonrecurring
       cash dividend on or a redemption of the Common Stock; (C) the
       Company shall authorize the granting to all holders of the Common
       Stock rights or warrants to subscribe for or purchase any shares of
       capital stock of any class or of any rights; (D) the approval of any
       stockholders of the Company shall be required in connection with any
       reclassification of the Common Stock, any consolidation or merger to
       which the Company is a party, any sale or transfer of all or
       substantially all of the assets of the Company, of any compulsory
       share exchange whereby the Common Stock is converted into other
       securities, cash or property; (E) the Company shall authorize the
       voluntary or involuntary dissolution, liquidation or winding up of
       the affairs of the Company; then, in each case, the Company shall
       cause to be filed at each office or agency maintained for the
       purpose of conversion of this Debenture, and shall cause to be
       mailed to the Holder at its last address as it shall appear upon the
       stock books of the Company, at least 20 calendar days prior to the
       applicable record or effective date hereinafter specified, a notice
       stating (x) the date on which a record is to be taken for the
       purpose of such dividend, distribution, redemption, rights or
       warrants, or if a record is not to be taken, the date as of which
       the holders of the Common Stock of record to be entitled to such
       dividend, distributions, redemption, rights or warrants are to be
       determined or (y) the date on which such reclassification,
       consolidation, merger, sale, transfer or share exchange is expected
       to become effective or close, and the date as of which it is
       expected that holders of the Common Stock of record shall be
       entitled to exchange their shares of
 


12% CONVERTIBLE DEBENTURE – Page 9

 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

       the Common Stock for securities, cash or other property deliverable
       upon such reclassification, consolidation, merger, sale, transfer or
       share exchange; provided, that the failure to mail such notice or
       any defect therein or in the mailing thereof shall not affect the
       validity of the corporate action required to be specified in such
       notice.  The Holder is entitled to convert this Debenture during the
       20-day period commencing the date of such notice to the effective
       date of the event triggering such notice.
 
Section 6.                      Redemption.
 
    (a)           Optional Redemption at Election of Company.  Subject to
    the provisions of this Section 6, at any time after the Effective Date,
    the Company may deliver a notice to the Holder (an “Optional Redemption
    Notice” and the date such notice is deemed delivered hereunder, the “
    Optional Redemption Notice Date”) of its irrevocable election to redeem
    some or all of the then outstanding Debentures, for an amount, in cash,
    equal to the Optional Redemption Amount on the 20th Trading Day
    following the Optional Redemption Notice Date (such date, the “
    Optional Redemption Date” and such redemption, the “Optional Redemption
    ”).  The Optional Redemption Amount is due in full on the Optional
    Redemption Date.  The Company may only effect an Optional Redemption if
    during the period commencing on the Optional Redemption Notice Date
    through to the Optional Redemption Date and through and including the
    date such shares of Common Stock are issued to the Holder, each of the
    Equity Conditions shall have been met.  If any of the Equity Conditions
    shall cease to be satisfied at any time during the required period,
    then the Holder may elect to nullify the Optional Redemption Notice by
    notice to the Company within three (3) Trading Days after the first day
    on which any such Equity Condition has not been met (provided that if,
    by a provision of the Transaction Documents, the Company is obligated
    to notify the Holder of the non-existence of an Equity Condition, such
    notice period shall be extended to the third Trading Day after proper
    notice from the Company) in which case the Optional Redemption Notice
    shall be null and void, ab initio.  The Company covenants and agrees
    that it will honor all Notices of Conversion tendered from the time of
    delivery of the Optional Redemption Notice through the date all amounts
    owing thereon are due and paid in full.
 
    (b)           Redemption Procedure.  The payment of the Optional
    Redemption Amount pursuant to an Optional Redemption shall be made on
    the Optional Redemption Date.  If any portion of the cash payment for
    an Optional Redemption shall not be paid by the Company by the
    respective due date, interest shall accrue thereon at the rate of 18%
    per annum (or the maximum rate permitted by applicable law, whichever
    is less) until the payment of the Optional Redemption Amount, plus all
    amounts owing thereon is paid in full.  Alternatively, if any portion
    of the Optional Redemption Amount remains unpaid after such date, the
    Holders subject to such redemption may elect, by written notice to the
    Company given at any time thereafter, to invalidate ab initio such
    redemption as to amounts not paid, notwithstanding anything herein
    contained to the contrary, and, with respect the failure to honor the
    Optional Redemption as applicable, the Company shall have no further
    right to exercise such Optional Redemption.  Notwithstanding anything
    to the contrary in this Section 6, the Company’s determination to
    redeem in cash or its elections under Section 6(b) shall be applied
    among the Holders of Debentures ratably.  The Holder may elect to
    convert the outstanding principal amount of the Debenture pursuant to
    Section 4 prior to actual payment in cash for any redemption under this
    Section 6 by fax delivery of a Notice of Conversion to the Company.
 
Section 7.                      Negative Covenants.  So long as any portion 
of this Debenture is outstanding, the Company will not and will not permit 
any of its Subsidiaries to directly or indirectly:
 


12% CONVERTIBLE DEBENTURE – Page 10

 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

(a)           other than Permitted Indebtedness, enter into, create, incur, 
assume, guarantee or suffer to exist any indebtedness for borrowed money of 
any kind, including but not limited to, a guarantee, on or with respect to 
any of its property or assets now owned or hereafter acquired or any 
interest therein or any income or profits therefrom;
 
    (b)           other than Permitted Liens, enter into, create, incur,
    assume or suffer to exist any liens of any kind, on or with respect to
    any of its property or assets now owned or hereafter acquired or any
    interest therein or any income or profits therefrom;
 
    (c)           amend its certificate of incorporation, bylaws or other
    charter documents so as to materially and adversely affect any rights
    of the Holder;
 
    (d)           repay, repurchase or offer to repay, repurchase or
    otherwise acquire more than a de minimis number of shares of its Common
    Stock or Common Stock Equivalents other than as to the Conversion
    Shares to the extent permitted or required under the Transaction
    Documents or as otherwise permitted or contemplated by the Transaction
    Documents;
 
    (e)           enter into any agreement with respect to any of the
    foregoing; or
 
    (f)           pay cash dividends or distributions on any equity
    securities of the Company, except to the extent permitted or required
    under the Transaction Documents or as otherwise permitted or
    contemplated by the Transaction Documents.
 
Section 8.                      Events of Default.
 
    (a)           “Event of Default”, wherever used herein, means any one
    of the following events (whatever the reason and whether it shall be
    voluntary or involuntary or effected by operation of law or pursuant to
    any judgment, decree or order of any court, or any order, rule or
    regulation of any administrative or governmental body):
 
       (i)           any default in the payment of (A) the principal amount
       of any Debenture, or (B) interest (including Late Fees) on, or
       liquidated damages in respect of, any Debenture, as and when the
       same shall become due and payable (whether on a Conversion Date or
       the Maturity Date or by acceleration or otherwise) which default,
       solely in the case of an interest payment or other default under
       clause (B) above, is not cured, within five (5) Trading Days;
 
       (ii)           the Company shall fail to observe or perform any
       other covenant or agreement contained in this Debenture or any other
       Debenture which failure is not cured, if possible to cure, within
       the earlier to occur of (A) 5 Trading Days after notice of such
       default sent by the Holder or by any other Holder and (B)10 Trading
       Days after the Company shall become or should have become aware of
       such failure;
 
       (iii)           a default or event of default (subject to any grace
       or cure period provided for in the applicable agreement, document or
       instrument) shall occur under any of the Transaction Documents;
 
       (iv)           any representation or warranty of the Company made
       herein or in any other Transaction Document shall be untrue or
       incorrect in any material respect as of the date when made or deemed
       made;
 


12% CONVERTIBLE DEBENTURE – Page 11

 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

       (v)           (i) the Company shall commence a case, as debtor, a
       case under any applicable bankruptcy or insolvency laws as now or
       hereafter in effect or any successor thereto, or the Company
       commences any other proceeding under any reorganization,
       arrangement, adjustment of debt, relief of debtors, dissolution,
       insolvency or liquidation or similar law of any jurisdiction whether
       now or hereafter in effect relating to the Company or (ii) there is
       commenced a case against the Company under any applicable bankruptcy
       or insolvency laws, as now or hereafter in effect or any successor
       thereto which remains undismissed for a period of 60 days; or (iii)
       the Company is adjudicated by a court of competent jurisdiction
       insolvent or bankrupt; or any order of relief or other order
       approving any such case or proceeding is entered; or (iv) the
       Company suffers any appointment of any custodian or the like for it
       or any substantial part of its property which continues undischarged
       or unstayed for a period of 60 days; or (v) the Company makes a
       general assignment for the benefit of creditors; or (vi) the Company
       shall fail to pay, or shall state that it is unable to pay, or shall
       be unable to pay, its debts generally as they become due; or the
       Company shall call a meeting of its creditors with a view to
       arranging a composition, adjustment or restructuring of its debts;
       or the Company shall by any act or failure to act expressly indicate
       its consent to, approval of or acquiescence in any of the foregoing;
       or (ix) any corporate or other action is taken by the Company for
       the purpose of effecting any of the foregoing;
 
       (vi)           except in connection with the FDF Acquisition or FDF
       Acquisition Offering, the Company shall be a party to any Change of
       Control Transaction or Fundamental Transaction, shall agree to sell
       or dispose of all or in excess of 33% of its assets in one or more
       transactions (whether or not such sale would constitute a Change of
       Control Transaction);
 
       (vii)           a Registration Statement shall not have been filed
       with the Commission on or prior to the earlier of (x) 150 days after
       the date hereof and (y) 75 days after the closing of the FDF
       Acquisition; or
 
    (b)           Remedies Upon Event of Default.  If any Event of Default
    occurs, the full principal amount of this Debenture, together with
    interest and other amounts owing in respect thereof, to the date of
    acceleration shall become, at the Holder’s election, immediately due
    and payable in cash.  Commencing 10 days after the occurrence of any
    Event of Default that results in the eventual acceleration of this
    Debenture, the interest rate on this Debenture shall accrue at the rate
    of 18% per annum, or such lower maximum amount of interest permitted to
    be charged under applicable law.  Upon the payment in full of the
    entire Debenture, the Holder shall promptly surrender this Debenture to
    or as directed by the Company.  The Holder need not provide and the
    Company hereby waives any presentment, demand, protest or other notice
    of any kind, and the Holder may immediately and without expiration of
    any grace period enforce any and all of its rights and remedies
    hereunder and all other remedies available to it under applicable law. 
    Such declaration may be rescinded and annulled by Holder at any time
    prior to payment hereunder and the Holder shall have all rights as a
    Debenture holder until such time, if any, as the full payment under
    this Section shall have been received by it.
 
Section 9.                      Miscellaneous.
 
    (a)           Notices.  All notices required or permitted hereunder
    shall be in writing and shall be deemed effectively given and sent as
    follows:
 


12% CONVERTIBLE DEBENTURE – Page 12

 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

    (i)           upon personal delivery to the party to be notified;
 
       (ii)           when sent by confirmed facsimile if sent during
       normal business hours of the recipient, or if delivered after normal
       business hours, then on the next Business Day;
 
       (iii)           three (3) Business Days after having been sent by
       registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, postage
       prepaid; or
 
       (iv)           one (1) day after deposit with a nationally
       recognized overnight courier, specifying next day delivery, with
       written verification of receipt.
 
    If to the Company, to:
 
       NYTEX Energy Holdings, Inc.
 
       12222 Merit Drive, Suite 1850
 
       Dallas, Texas 75251
 
       Attention:  Kenneth Kase Conte, Chief Financial Officer
 
       Facsimile:  (972) 770-4701
 
    with a copy (which shall not constitute notice) to:
 
       Strasburger & Price, LLP
 
       901 Main Street, Suite 4400
 
       Dallas, Texas 75202
 
       Attention:  Kevin Woltjen, Esq.
 
       Facsimile:  214-659-4025
 
    If to the Holder, to:

 

 
       ________________________
 
    with a copy (which shall not constitute notice) to:
 
       __________________________
 
       __________________________
 
       __________________________
 
       Attention:  _________________
 
       Facsimile:  ________________
 
       (v)           or at such other address as the Company or the Holder
       may designate by written notice to the other in accordance with this 
       Section 16.
 
    (b)           Absolute Obligation.  Except as expressly provided
    herein, no provision of this Debenture shall alter or impair the
    obligation of the Company, which is absolute and unconditional, to pay
    the principal of, interest and liquidated damages (if any) on, this
    Debenture at the time, place, and rate, and in the coin or currency,
    herein prescribed.  This Debenture is a direct debt obligation of the
    Company.  This Debenture ranks pari  passu with all other Debentures
    now or hereafter issued under the terms set forth herein.
 


12% CONVERTIBLE DEBENTURE – Page 13

 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

    (c)           Lost or Mutilated Debenture.  If this Debenture shall be
    mutilated, lost, stolen or destroyed, the Company shall execute and
    deliver, in exchange and substitution for and upon cancellation of a
    mutilated Debenture, or in lieu of or in substitution for a lost,
    stolen or destroyed Debenture, a new Debenture for the principal amount
    of this Debenture so mutilated, lost, stolen or destroyed but only upon
    receipt of evidence of such loss, theft or destruction of such
    Debenture, and of the ownership hereof, and indemnity, if requested,
    all reasonably satisfactory to the Company.
 
    (d)           Governing Law; Venue.  THIS DEBENTURE SHALL BE GOVERNED
    BY AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF TEXAS,
    WITHOUT REGARD TO CONFLICTS OF LAWS RULES OR PRINCIPLES THEREOF.  EACH
    PARTY HEREBY IRREVOCABLY SUBMITS TO THE EXCLUSIVE JURISDICTION OF THE
    STATE AND FEDERAL COURTS SERVING DALLAS COUNTY, TEXAS, FOR THE PURPOSES
    OF ANY ACTION ARISING OUT OF THIS DEBENTURE, OR THE SUBJECT MATTER
    HEREOF.  TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, EACH PARTY HEREBY
    WAIVES AND AGREES NOT TO ASSERT, BY WAY OF MOTION, AS A DEFENSE OR
    OTHERWISE, IN ANY SUCH ACTION (A) THAT SUCH PARTY IS NOT PERSONALLY
    SUBJECT TO THE JURISDICTION OF THE ABOVE-NAMED COURTS, (B) THAT THE
    ACTION IS BROUGHT IN AN INCONVENIENT FORUM, (C) THAT IT IS IMMUNE FROM
    ANY LEGAL PROCESS WITH RESPECT TO ITSELF OR ITS PROPERTY, (D) THAT THE
    VENUE OF THE SUIT, ACTION OR PROCEEDING IS IMPROPER, OR (E) THAT THIS
    DEBENTURE, OR THE SUBJECT MATTER HEREOF, MAY NOT BE ENFORCED IN OR BY
    SUCH COURTS.  IN THE EVENT THAT ANY PROVISION OF THIS DEBENTURE
    DELIVERED IN CONNECTION HEREWITH IS INVALID OR UNENFORCEABLE UNDER ANY
    APPLICABLE STATUTE OR RULE OF LAW, THEN SUCH PROVISION SHALL BE DEEMED
    INOPERATIVE TO THE EXTENT THAT IT MAY CONFLICT THEREWITH AND SHALL BE
    DEEMED MODIFIED TO CONFORM TO SUCH STATUTE OR RULE OF LAW SO LONG AS
    THE ECONOMIC OR LEGAL SUBSTANCE OF THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY
    IS NOT AFFECTED IN ANY MANNER MATERIALLY ADVERSE TO ANY PARTY.  ANY
    SUCH PROVISION WHICH MAY PROVE INVALID OR UNENFORCEABLE UNDER ANY LAW
    SHALL NOT AFFECT THE VALIDITY OR ENFORCEABILITY OF ANY OTHER PROVISION
    OF THIS DEBENTURE, WHICH SHALL REMAIN ENFORCEABLE IN ACCORDANCE WITH
    ITS RESPECTIVE TERMS.
 
    (e)           Attorneys Fees.  In the event of any dispute between the
    parties concerning the terms and provisions of this Debenture, the
    party prevailing in such dispute shall be entitled to collect from the
    other party all costs incurred in such dispute, including reasonable
    attorneys fees.
 
    (f)           Waiver.  Any waiver by the Company or the Holder of a
    breach of any provision of this Debenture shall not operate as or be
    construed to be a waiver of any other breach of such provision or of
    any breach of any other provision of this Debenture.  The failure of
    the Company or the Holder to insist upon strict adherence to any term
    of this Debenture on one or more occasions shall not be considered a
    waiver or deprive that party of the right thereafter to insist upon
    strict adherence to that term or any other term of this Debenture.  Any
    waiver must be in writing.
 
    (g)           Severability.  If any provision of this Debenture is
    invalid, illegal or unenforceable, the balance of this Debenture shall
    remain in effect, and if any provision is inapplicable to any person or
    circumstance, it shall nevertheless remain applicable to all other
 


12% CONVERTIBLE DEBENTURE – Page 14

 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

    persons and circumstances.  If it shall be found that any interest or
    other amount deemed interest due hereunder violates applicable laws
    governing usury, the applicable rate of interest due hereunder shall
    automatically be lowered to equal the maximum permitted rate of
    interest.  The Company covenants (to the extent that it may lawfully do
    so) that it shall not at any time insist upon, plead, or in any manner
    whatsoever claim or take the benefit or advantage of, any stay,
    extension or usury law or other law which would prohibit or forgive the
    Company from paying all or any portion of the principal of or interest
    on this Debenture as contemplated herein, wherever enacted, now or at
    any time hereafter in force, or which may affect the covenants or the
    performance of this indenture, and the Company (to the extent it may
    lawfully do so) hereby expressly waives all benefits or advantage of
    any such law, and covenants that it will not, by resort to any such
    law, hinder, delay or impeded the execution of any power herein granted
    to the Holder, but will suffer and permit the execution of every such
    as though no such law has been enacted.
 
    (h)           Next Business Day.  Whenever any payment or other
    obligation hereunder shall be due on a day other than a Business Day,
    such payment shall be made on the next succeeding Business Day.
 
    (i)           Headings.  The headings contained herein are for
    convenience only, do not constitute a part of this Debenture and shall
    not be deemed to limit or affect any of the provisions hereof.
 
    (j)           Assumption.  Any successor to the Company or surviving
    entity in a Fundamental Transaction shall (i) assume in writing all of
    the obligations of the Company under this Debenture and the other
    Transaction Documents pursuant to written agreements in form and
    substance satisfactory to the Holder (such approval not to be
    unreasonably withheld or delayed) prior to such Fundamental Transaction
    and (ii) to issue to the Holder a new debenture of such successor
    entity evidenced by a written instrument substantially similar in form
    and substance to this Debenture, including, without limitation, having
    a principal amount and interest rate equal to the principal amounts and
    the interest rates of the Debentures held by the Holder and having
    similar ranking to this Debenture, and satisfactory to the Holder (any
    such approval not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed).  The
    provisions of this Section 9(j) shall apply similarly and equally to
    successive Fundamental Transactions and shall be applied without regard
    to any limitations of this Debenture.
 
*********************
 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this Debenture to be duly 
executed by a duly authorized officer as of the date first above indicated.
 

                                                                           
                                                                  NYTEX
                      ENERGY HOLDINGS, INC.



                                                                           
                                                                 By:
                      __________________________________________________
                                                                           
                                          
                                                                           
                                                                      
                      Name:  _____________________________________________
                                                                           
                                         
                                                                           
                                                                      
                      Title:   
                      _____________________________________________        
                                                                           
                              





12% CONVERTIBLE DEBENTURE – Page 15

 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

ANNEX A
 

 
NOTICE OF CONVERSION
 

 
The undersigned hereby elects to convert principal under the 12% 
Convertible Debenture of NYTEX Energy Holdings, Inc., a Delaware 
corporation (the “Company”), due on December ___, 2010, into shares of 
common stock, par value $.001 per share (the “Common Stock”), of the 
Company according to the conditions hereof, as of the date written below.  
If shares are to be issued in the name of a person other than the 
undersigned, the undersigned will pay all transfer taxes payable with 
respect thereto and is delivering herewith such certificates and opinions 
as reasonably requested by the Company in accordance therewith.  No fee 
will be charged to the holder for any conversion, except for such transfer 
taxes, if any.
 
By the delivery of this Notice of Conversion the undersigned represents and 
warrants to the Company that its ownership of the Common Stock does not 
exceed the amounts determined in accordance with Section 13(d) of the 
Exchange Act, specified under Section 4 of this Debenture.
 
The undersigned agrees to comply with the prospectus delivery requirements 
under the applicable securities laws in connection with any transfer of the 
aforesaid shares of Common Stock.
 
Conversion calculations:

                  Date to Effect Conversion: 
                  _______________________________________________          
                                                                           
                                

                  Principal Amount of Debenture to be Converted: 
                  ______________________________
                  (must be at least $25,000)

                  Number of shares of Common Stock to be issued: 
                  ______________________________

                  Signature: 
                  ____________________________________________________________
                                                                           
                                            

                  Name: 
                  _______________________________________________________________
                                                                           
                                            

                  Address: 
                  _____________________________________________________________
                                                                           
                                            



ANNEX A

 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

SCHEDULE 1
 

 
CONVERSION SCHEDULE
 

 
The 12% Convertible Debentures due on _____________, 201__, in the 
aggregate principal amount of $100,000 issued by NYTEX Energy Holdings, 
Inc.  This Conversion Schedule reflects conversions made under Section 4 of 
the above referenced Debenture.
 
Dated:
 
Date of Conversion (or if first entry, Original Issue Date)
Amount of
Conversion
Aggregate Principal Amount Remaining Subsequent to Conversion (or original 
Principal Amount)
 
Company Attest
  	  	  	 
  	  	  	 
  	  	  	 
  	  	  	 
  	  	  	 
  	  	  	 
  	  	  	 
  	  	  	 
  	  	  	 




SCHEDULE 1

 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

