 EX-10.35 3 v201922_ex10-35.htm
EXECUTION VERSION

AMENDMENT NO. 6 TO CREDIT AGREEMENT
 
THIS AMENDMENT NO. 6 (this “Amendment No. 6”) is entered into as of 
November  10, 2010, by and among SMP MOTOR PRODUCTS LTD., a corporation 
amalgamated under the laws of Canada (“Borrower”), STANDARD MOTOR PRODUCTS, 
INC., a New York corporation (“SMP”), STANRIC, INC., a Delaware corporation 
(“SI”; and together with SMP, each individually a “Credit Party”, and 
collectively, “Credit Parties”), lenders who are party from time to time to 
the Credit Agreement (“Lenders”), GE CANADA FINANCE HOLDING COMPANY, a Nova 
Scotia unlimited liability company, for itself, as Lender, and in its 
capacity as agent for the Lenders (“Agent”), and GE CAPITAL MARKETS, INC., 
as Lead Arranger and Bookrunner.
 
BACKGROUND
 
Borrower, Agent and Lenders are parties to a Credit Agreement dated as of 
December 29, 2005 (as amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified 
from time to time, the “Loan Agreement”) pursuant to which Agent and 
Lenders provide Borrower with certain financial accommodations.
 
Borrower has requested that Agent and Lenders make certain amendments to 
the Loan Agreement, and Agent and Lenders are willing to do so on the terms 
and conditions hereafter set forth.
 
NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of any loan or advance or grant of credit 
heretofore or hereafter made to or for the account of Borrower by Agent and 
Lenders, and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and 
sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto hereby 
agree as follows:
 
1.           Definitions.  All capitalized terms not otherwise defined 
herein shall have the meanings given to them in the Loan Agreement.
 
2.           Amendment to Loan Agreement.  Subject to satisfaction of the 
conditions precedent set forth in Section 3 below, the Loan Agreement is 
hereby amended as follows:
 
(a)          Annex A to the Loan Agreement is hereby amended as follows:
 
(i)             By adding the following defined terms in appropriate 
alphabetical order:
 
       “Amendment No. 6” means that certain Amendment No. 6 to Credit
       Agreement dated as of November 10, 2010 by and among Borrower, SMP,
       SI, and Agent, and the Lenders party thereto.
 
       “Amendment No. 6 Effective Date” means November 10, 2010.
 
       “Reloading Accordion” shall have the meaning assigned to such term
       in the US Credit Agreement.

 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
       “Reloading Appraisal” shall have the meaning assigned to such term
       in the US Credit Agreement.
 
(ii)            By amending and restating the defined terms “Additional 
Amortizing Availability” and “Amortizing Availability” as follows:
 
       “Additional Amortizing Availability” means (i) up to the lesser of
       (x) US$750,000 or (y) the sum of (a) as to Eligible Real Estate
       purchased by Borrower after the Amendment No. 6 Effective Date,
       fifty percent (50%) of the Fair Market Value (or the Equivalent
       Amount in Dollars) of such Eligible Real Estate and (b) as to
       Eligible Equipment purchased by Borrower after the Amendment No. 6
       Effective Date, 85% of the Net Orderly Liquidation Value (or the
       Equivalent Amount in Dollars) of such Eligible Equipment as set
       forth in the most recent appraisal prepared by an independent
       appraisal firm acceptable to Agent (Agent agrees that Michael Fox
       International shall be deemed an acceptable appraiser with respect
       to Borrower’s machinery and equipment); provided, however, that
       Borrowing Availability arising solely under this clause (i)(y) shall
       not exceed 50% of the total Borrowing Availability less (ii)
       one-twenty fourth (and, after exercise of the Reloading Accordion
       option, one-twentieth) of the amount determined under clause (i) for
       each full Fiscal Quarter occurring after the purchase of such
       Eligible Real Estate or Eligible Equipment, as the case may be.
 
       “Amortizing Availability” means (A) US$291,000 less US$32,000 per
       Fiscal Quarter commencing with the Fiscal Quarter ending March 31,
       2011, plus (B) the Additional Amortizing Availability, minus (C) an
       amount equal to (i) 50% of the Fair Market Value of any Eligible
       Real Estate as of the Amendment No. 6 Effective Date or the date it
       is purchased by Borrower or 85% of the  Net Orderly Liquidation
       Value of any Eligible Equipment of Borrower as of the Amendment No.
       6 Effective Date or the date it is purchased by Borrower, which is
       the basis of Amortizing Availability, and which is subject to a
       loss, sale, destruction or other disposition, less (ii) the product
       of one-twenty fourth of the amount determined under the preceding
       clause (i) and the number of full Fiscal Quarters that have occurred
       since the Amendment No. 6 Effective Date or the purchase of such
       Eligible Real Estate or Eligible Equipment to the date of such loss,
       sale, destruction or other disposition, as the case may be. In no
       event, at any time, shall the amount included in Amortizing
       Availability based upon the Fair Market Value of Eligible Real
       Estate exceed 50% of such Amortizing Availability. Notwithstanding
       the foregoing, in the event that the Reloading Accordion option is
       exercised under the US Credit Agreement, (a) clause (A) of the
       definition of “Amortizing Availability” shall mean the sum of (i)
       50% of the Fair Market Value of Eligible Real Estate as set forth on
       the Reloading Appraisal, plus (ii) 85% of the Net Orderly
       Liquidation Value of Eligible Equipment as set forth on the
       Reloading Appraisal, minus (iii) one-twentieth of the sum of
       subclauses (i) and (ii) of this sentence commencing with the Fiscal
       Quarter ending immediately following the effective date of the
       Reloading Accordion and (b) subclause (C)(ii) of the definition of
       “Amortizing Availability” shall mean the product of one-twentieth of
       the amount determined under the subclause (C)(i) and the number of
       full Fiscal Quarters that have occurred since the effective date of
       the Reloading Appraisal or the purchase of such Eligible Real Estate
       or Eligible Equipment to the date of such loss, sale, destruction or
       other disposition, as the case may be.

 
2
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
(iii)           By amending the term “Borrowing Base” by amending and 
restating the last paragraph thereof as follows:
 
       “in each case less any Reserves established by Agent at such time in
       its reasonable credit judgment. Notwithstanding anything contained
       herein to the contrary, for purposes of determining the Borrowing
       Base, (a) the value of Eligible Inventory acquired by any Credit
       Party from any other Credit Party shall be the lower of cost
       (determined on a first in, first out basis) or market of either the
       selling Credit Party or the purchasing Credit Party, whichever is
       lower and (b) the Net Orderly Liquidation Value of any Eligible
       Equipment or Eligible Inventory and the Fair Market Value of any
       Eligible Real Estate may be adjusted by Agent from time to time to
       reflect the results of the most recent appraisal thereof.”
 
(iv)           By amending the term “Commitment Termination Date” by 
deleting the year 2013 appearing therein and inserting the year 2014 in 
lieu thereof.
 
(b)         Exhibit 1.1(a)(i) is hereby deleted in its entirety and 
replaced with Exhibit 1.1(a)(i) attached hereto.
 
3.           Conditions of Effectiveness.  This Amendment No. 6 shall 
become effective upon satisfaction of the following conditions precedent: 
Agent shall have received: (i) four (4) copies of this Amendment No. 6 
executed by Borrower, the other Credit Parties and Lenders, (ii) four (4) 
copies of the Third Amended and Restated US Credit Agreement executed by 
the Credit Parties, the “Agent” under the US Credit Agreement and the 
“Lenders” under the US Credit Agreement, (iii) a non-refundable amendment 
fee in the amount of $25,000, which fee shall be charged to the Loan 
Account (as such term is defined in the US Credit Agreement) under the US 
Credit Agreement and (iv) such other certificates, instruments, documents 
and agreements as may be required by Agent or its counsel, each of which 
shall be in form and substance satisfactory to Agent and its counsel.
 
4.           Representations and Warranties.  Borrower hereby represents 
and warrants as follows:
 
(a)          This Amendment No. 6 and the Loan Agreement, as amended 
hereby, constitute legal, valid and binding obligations of Borrower and are 
enforceable against Borrower in accordance with their respective terms.
 
(b)          Upon the effectiveness of this Amendment No. 6, Borrower 
hereby reaffirms all covenants, representations and warranties made in the 
Loan Agreement to the extent the same are not amended hereby and agrees 
that all such covenants, representations and warranties shall be deemed to 
have been remade as of the effective date of this Amendment No. 6.

 
3
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
(c)          No Event of Default or Default has occurred and is continuing 
or would exist after giving effect to this Amendment No. 6.
 
(d)          The Borrower does not have any defence, counterclaim or offset 
with respect to the Loan Agreement.
 
5.           Effect on the Loan Agreement.
 
(a)          Upon the effectiveness of Section 2 hereof, each reference in 
the Loan Agreement to “this Agreement”, “hereunder,” “hereof,” “herein” or 
words of like import shall mean and be referenced to the Loan Agreement as 
amended hereby.
 
(b)          Except as specifically amended herein, the Loan Agreement, and 
all other documents, instruments and agreements executed and/or delivered 
in connection therewith, shall remain in full force and effect, and are 
hereby ratified and confirmed.
 
(c)          The execution, delivery and effectiveness of this Amendment 
No. 6 shall not operate as a waiver of any right, power or remedy of Agent 
or Lenders, nor constitute a waiver of any provision of the Loan Agreement, 
or any other documents, instruments or agreements executed and/or delivered 
under or in connection therewith.
 
6.           Governing Law.  This Amendment No. 6 shall be binding upon and 
inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors 
and assigns and shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the 
laws of the Province of Ontario and the federal laws of Canada applicable 
therein.
 
7.           Headings.  Section headings in this Amendment No. 6 are 
included herein for convenience of reference only and shall not constitute 
a part of this Amendment No. 6 for any other purpose.
 
8.           Counterparts; Facsimile.  This Amendment No. 6 may be executed 
by the parties hereto in one or more counterparts, each of which shall be 
deemed an original and all of which when taken together shall constitute 
one and the same agreement.  Any signature delivered by a party by 
facsimile transmission shall be deemed to be an original signature hereto.

[SIGNATURE PAGE FOLLOWS]

 
4
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, this Amendment No. 6 has been duly executed as of the 
day and year first written above.

SMP MOTOR PRODUCTS LTD.
 
By:
  
  	
 Name:
 Title:

The following Persons are signatories to this Amendment No. 6 in their 
capacity as Credit Parties and not as Borrower.

STANRIC, INC.
 
By:
  
  	
 Name:
  	
 Title:

STANDARD MOTOR PRODUCTS, INC.
 
By:
  
  	
 Name:
  	
 Title:

[Additional Signature Page to Follow]

Signature Page to Amendment No. 6 to Canadian Credit Agreement - 1933527

 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

GE CANADA FINANCE HOLDING COMPANY, as Agent and Lender
 
By:
  
  	
 Name:
 Title:

BANK OF AMERICA, N.A., by its Canada Branch as Co-Syndication and Lender
 
By:
  
  	
 Name:
 Title:

JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A., Toronto Branch
 
By:
  
  	
 Name:
 Title:

[Additional Signature Page to Follow]

Signature Page to Amendment No. 6 to Canadian Credit Agreement - 1933527

 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

WELLS FARGO FOOTHILL CANADA ULC
 
By:
  
  	
 Name:
 Title:

WELLS FARGO CAPITAL FINANCE CORPORATION CANADA
 
By:
  
  	
 Name:
 Title:
 
Signature Page to Amendment No. 6 to Canadian Credit Agreement - 1933527

 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 