 EX-10.14 6 v201602_ex10-14.htm
 
JILIN HUAMEI BEVERAGE CO.,LTD
PRODUCT DISTRIBUTION AGREEMENT (Ginseng beverage)

No.：JLHM-                                            
 
Party A: JILIN HUAMEI BEVERAGE CO., LTD (hereinafter called “Party A”)

Party B:                                                                    
  (hereinafter called “Party B”)

Products: Ganzhi American Ginseng beverage and Ganzhi Ginseng Beverage 
(including packaging cans, labels, packing cases and additional description 
materials in cases) listed in this agreement hereto are produced by Jilin 
Ganzhi Ginseng products Co., Ltd.

Exclusive distributor sales: distributors are only allowed to enjoy the 
exclusive selling rights in the territory granted herein and as well as the 
marketing channels. Distributors shall not sell products out of the 
territory and non-designated marketing channels. Meanwhile, any other 
natural person, legal person or organization, including Party A, shall not 
sell products in the territory of this agreement.

JILIN HUAMEI BEVERAGE CO., LTD.: The wholly-owned subsidiaries of China 
Ginseng Holdings, Inc. is also the global distributor of Jilin Ganzhi 
Ginseng products Co., Ltd.
 
Chapter 1 Distributor Market authorization and limitation

1. Party A authorize Party B to be the exclusive distributor in the 
territory of                                                 .

2. Party A authorize Party B to sell in the channels of selling in real 
shops, promotion and team buying. For guaranteeing the unified pricing 
system and the fair competition among agents, Party B is not allowed to 
sell goods by means of E-commerce (to sell on the internet ) and 
________________selling channel

3. The distribution agreement have draw up for a duration of   years only, 
from                           to                               .

4. Party B may apply for an renewing application to sign a new agency 
agreement prior to its expiration  in case that Party B could run lawfully 
and be up to standard of Party A.
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------

5. Party B shall only enter into sales agreement with their buyers in the 
name of his own company (individual), but can not sign any agreements on 
behalf of Party A. The selling price fixed by Party B and buyer should be 
as per the unified retail prices across the country stipulated by Party A.

6. Party A reserves the sales right out of the granted territory and 
channels.

Chapter 2 Rights and obligations of Party A

1. Party A guarantees the quality of the goods is entirely consistent with 
the standards for relevant State food production, safety and hygiene and 
agrees to bear Party B’s loss caused by quality problems.

2. Before the first supply, Party A shall provide Party B with the copy of 
business license and production license.

3. Party A is required to show Quality Inspection Report for corresponding 
batch for each supply.

4. Party A has the right to establish and adjust the rules and regulations 
for market development, product selling and pricing system according to 
their own development strategy.

5. Party A has the authority to supervise and regulate the business 
activities during the agency period. About the illegal activities in the 
operation, Party A will give it a warning, a reprimand, disqualification, 
termination of the agreement and so on based on the seriousness of the 
circumstances.

6. Party A agrees to support products publicity and marketing provided that 
the plan will not affect the Party A’s website.

7. Party A will supply the technical detail information of the relevant 
products to Party A on request in order to provide technical support for 
Party B’s marketing activities.

Chapter 3 Rights and obligations of Party B

1. Party B accepts the authorization from Party A, and has the right to 
commence business operations in the territory specified by Party A.

2. Party B is obliged to supply the legal business license, copy of tax 
Registration Certificate and all the formalities related to signing with 
Party A.

3. Party B is obliged to protect the enterprise image, goodwill and brand 
with Party A.

4. Party B shall supply the monthly report of selling activities in writing 
to Party A which should describe the sales data, activities, sales analysis 
and plans in details.
 
2
------------------------------------------------------------------------

5. Party B shall guarantee the bilateral long-term benefits in the business 
activities, transregional commodity supply is not allowed.

6. If any of products are not fit for distribution in selling regions 
within three months, Party B has the right to exchange products in order to 
meet the market demand.

7. Party B is obliged to carry out marketing activities according to 
national written approval, including; without limitation to; ads, 
promotion, news report and other forms. Furthermore, Party B shall take 
full responsibility for the dispute, tort and illegal incidents caused by 
false propaganda by itself.

8. Party B shall fill in <distributors registration application form> in 
accordance with actual situation, and provide Party A with written notice 
for record keeping when there are any changes in the form.

9. Party B understands that the appointed sales of products are subject to 
policies, laws and regulations of the State and promises to have all the 
required qualifications of sales itself. Further more, Party B shall have 
obtained all the relevant approvals and operate their business strictly in 
accordance with laws. Party B shall be liable for full compensation if 
their operations that went against rules led to joint loss of Party A.

10. Signing this agreement does not mean Party B can represent Party A or 
exercise authority or undertake obligation in the name of Party A, 
otherwise, Party A will have right to hold Party B’s accountable.

Chapter 4 Party B’s target and assessment criteria

1. Party B shall possess the local business license, permanent work place 
and appropriate warehouse for goods.

2. Party B’s first payment for purchases shall be                       
RMB(￥            yuan), annual sales can not be less than RMB               
      yuan. (￥            yuan ).

3. The business activities and the performance of pricing system of the 
secondary distributors developing locally are supervised and regulated by 
Party B.
 
Chapter 5 Order, transport and delivery

1. Party B places an order to Party A in writing. and faxes it to Party A 
with the product type, quantity, official seal and customer’s signature and 
address etc.  Party A shall make a reply to confirm after receive the 
order.
 
3
------------------------------------------------------------------------

2. Party A shall execute the term of COD (Cash On Delivery), the payment of 
goods shall be remitted directly to Party A’s named account from Party B. 
Party B may not hand the cash or checks without payable to company’s name 
to Party A’s salesmen. Party B shall bear all the consequences arising 
therefrom.

3. Party A shall deliver goods within 7 working days from the date that 
received the order and payment was made in full.
 
4. The long-distance freight of goods to Party B’s city of territory is to 
be borne by Party A, insurance and local short-haul freight are to be borne 
by Party B.

Chapter 6 Product quality and acceptance

1. The acceptance shall be done on the day and on the spot when and where 
Party B receives Party A’s goods. If goods are damaged in transit, Party B 
shall be responsible for lodging a claim with the carrier, and Party A 
assists in resolution.

2. Party B shall notify Party A within 10 days and issue a written term 
paper in case of intrinsic quality issue. Party A issues letter of 
suggestion according to the nature of quality issue. Party B stops selling 
in accordance with the suggestion, and transports goods back to Party A for 
exchange, the expenses shall be borne by Party A.

Chapter 7 Purchase price and award rules of Party B

1. Purchase price: Ganzhi Ginseng Beverage:                     RMB/Can. 
Ganzhi American Ginseng Beverage:
                    RMB/Can.

2. Award rules: The principle of award shall be the accumulative purchase 
amount, if the total purchase amount for a year (January 1 to December 31) 
reaches:

   A. Over 500 thousand—1 million RMB, Party B will receive year-end rebate
   of one percent of the total purchase amount, in addition, take part in
   the overseas travel once for one person to Singapore, Malaysia and
   Thailand organized by Company.

   B. Over 1 million—3 million RMB, rebate of 1.5 percent of the total
   purchase amount, in addition, take part in the travel once for two
   persons to Singapore, Malaysia and Thailand.

   C. Over 3 million RMB, rebate of 2 percent, and take part in the travel
   once for three persons to Singapore, Malaysia and Thailand.

4
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Chapter 8 Disqualification of Distributors

1. The sales of the commodity of Party B shall not less than _______ RMB 
within 6 months of the signing of the agreement, or Party A has right to 
disqualify distributor’s qualifications. (Definition of sales is based on 
the definition of agency purchase price. )

2.If Party B tampers with products pricing system，or against carrying out 
Party A’s sales and promotion plans.

3. If Party B contravenes or doesn’t fulfill the provisions of this 
agreement, or creates adverse effects on Party A.

4. If Party B isn’t in negotiations with Party A and takes the unilateral 
decision to pull out.

5. Party B is called a correction by the government departments or is 
revoked the business license

Chapter 9 Coming into force, release and liability for breach of agreement

1. The Agreement will have two copies, All are of equal validity. 
Agreements will come into force from the date both parties signature and 
stamp.

2. In the event of a breach of any of the provisions of this Agreement by 
one party, the other party does not get satisfactory reply during ten days 
from the time making accusations in writing, aggrieved party has the right 
to release the agreement by one side only and pursue the direct and 
indirect loss, damage and expenses (including, without limitation, attorney 
fee, arbitration or legal fee, financial expenses and travel expenses etc.) 
from responsible party.

3. If the delivery of commodities cannot be finished according to the 
required time and quality, Party A has to pay 0.1% of settling price of the 
planned delivery quantity for Party B for each succeeding day, and that 
will be deduct by Party B from the payment unless responsibility doesn’t 
rest with Party A or force majeure.

4. Upon termination of the agreement, Party B can not use Party A’s name, 
trademark and logo etc., the exclusive intellectual property rights for the 
operational activities under any name or by any means, otherwise, Party A 
will pursue the financial responsibilities and legal liabilities.

5. In the event any dispute arises in connection with this agreement or 
arises from the execution of this agreement, the Parties shall attempt in 
the first instance to resolve such dispute through friendly consultations. 
If the negotiation fails, any party has the right to submit the dispute for 
arbitration to Changchun Arbitration Commission.

 
5
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Chapter 10 Other items

1. If Party B does not remit the first batch of purchases in seven days 
after underwriting the agreement, that will result in an automatic 
invalidity of this agreement. Party A shall issue a valid < commission of 
authority > to Party B on the receipt of the first purchase money so that 
Party B carries out the work.

2. For issues not stipulated in this agreement, both parties may sign a 
supplement agreement after multiple negotiation if both can reach a 
consensus. Both supplement agreement and formal version are of equal 
validity.

3. The Agreement will have two copies. Each party shall keep one.

4. This agreement will come into force after both parties placed signatures 
and stamps.

  	  	  	  	 
Party A: JILIN HUAMEI BEVERAGE CO., LTD.(Seal)
  	  	
Party B: 
(Seal)
 
  	  	
 
 
Legal representative: Liu Chang-Zhen
  	  	
Legal representative
 
  	  	  	  	 
Representative: 	  	  	Representative: 	 
  	  	  	  	 
  	  	  	  	 
Date:  	  	  	Date: 	 
 
6
------------------------------------------------------------------------