 EX-10.8 7 ex10_8.htm HARARI RETIREMENT AGREEMENT
Exhibit 10.8
 
AGREEMENT
 
This Agreement (“Agreement”) is entered into this 30th day of July, 2010 
(the “Effective Date”) by and between Eli Harari (“Executive” or “you”), an 
individual, and SanDisk Corporation, a Delaware corporation (“SanDisk” or 
“the “Company”).
 
WHEREAS, Executive co-founded the Company twenty-two years ago and has 
served as Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board of Directors 
during that time;
 
WHEREAS, the Company through the Board of Directors acknowledges the 
significant leadership and technological contributions Executive has made 
to the Company over the years; and,
 
WHEREAS, Executive has informed the Company of his intention to retire;
 
NOW THEREFORE the Company and you agree as follows:
 
1.      Executive’s Relationship with the Company.   Executive acknowledges 
that he has been and is an at-will employee of the Company and currently 
serves as Chief Executive Officer (“CEO”).  Executive will continue to 
serve as CEO through December 31, 2010 (the “Resignation Date”), with the 
same compensation (including full eligibility for participation in the 
Company’s 2010 bonus plan), benefits and other terms as currently apply.  
Executive’s individual performance rating and actual bonus under the 
Company 2010 bonus plan shall be consistent with the bonus metrics applied 
in calculating the 2010 bonuses of the other members of the Company’s 
senior executive team.  Executive agrees that upon the Resignation Date his 
employment and duties as CEO shall end and that his position as a member of 
the Company’s Board of Directors shall end.
 
2.      Consulting Period.  Executive agrees that for up to two years (“
Consultancy Period”) following the Resignation Date he will serve as a 
consultant to the Company, pursuant to the terms of the Consulting 
Agreement, dated July 30, 2010, attached as Appendix A (“Consulting 
Agreement”).
 
3.      Consideration.  In exchange for your promises in this Agreement, in 
particular your covenants contained in Sections 4, 5, 6, and 7 of this 
Agreement:
 
(a)      Payment.  The Company shall pay you $3,000,000 on the Resignation 
Date.  You acknowledge this payment will be subject to income tax and other 
legally required withholding, and will be reported by the Company as income 
to you on IRS Form W-2 for 2010.
 
(b)      Equity Vesting; Acceleration; Exercise.  Executive has been 
granted stock options and restricted stock units (“Executive’s Equity 
Awards”) pursuant to the Company’s Stock Option Plan, as amended, on the 
terms provided in the applicable option grant forms issued to Executive.   
The Equity Awards are listed on the attached Appendix B.  Executive 
acknowledges that he is not entitled to any additional grants of stock 
options or other equity in his capacity as an employee of the Company or as 
a member of its Board of Directors.
 
The provisions of the Stock Option Plan that provide that your equity 
awards no longer vest, and that any vested awards shall be exercised within 
a specified period of time, after a Separation of Service (as defined in 
the Stock Option Plan), or otherwise establish a vesting schedule, are 
hereby modified as follows with respect to Executive’s Equity Awards:
 
(i)       Your present unvested stock options and unvested restricted stock 
units will continue to vest through December 31, 2012, on the vesting 
schedule specified in each particular grant (provided that any existing 
performance-based stock option or restricted stock awards held by you as of 
December 31, 2010, shall be canceled by the Company), as long as you 
continue to provide services to the Company pursuant to the Consulting 
Agreement;
 
(ii)       Any unvested stock options and unvested restricted stock units 
held by you as of December 31, 2012, that vest based solely on the passage 
of time (as opposed to the achievement of one or more performance 
conditions) shall vest in full or vest and become exercisable in full, as 
applicable, as of December 31, 2012 (“Accelerated Equity”), provided that 
you continued to provide services to the Company pursuant to the Consulting 
Agreement through December 31, 2012 (and are not in breach of that or this 
Agreement);
 
(iii)       In the event that the Company is subject to a Change of Control 
(as defined in the Change of Control Benefits Agreement, dated May 20, 
2004, as amended December 15, 2008, between you and the Company) after your 
retirement but prior to December 31, 2012, any unvested stock options and 
unvested restricted stock units held by you as of the date of such Change 
of Control shall immediately vest in full or vest and become exercisable in 
full, as applicable;
 
 
 
1
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
(iv)       For purposes of this Section 3(b), any requirement that you 
continue to provide services to the Company pursuant to the Consulting 
Agreement shall be waived during periods when you are prevented by your 
disability or your spouse’s disability from providing such services; and,
 
(v)       You may exercise your vested stock options, including any 
Accelerated Equity, through the 90th day after the date you cease to 
provide services to the Company pursuant to the Consulting Agreement, but 
not later, and after this 90th day all vested but unexercised stock 
options, including any Accelerated Equity, held by you shall be cancelled 
by the Company.
 
(c)      In further recognition of your service, the Company has agreed to 
provide you (and your spouse) with lifetime health benefits substantially 
equivalent to those presently provided to you, and will do so by paying you 
on December 31, 2010, a one-time lump-sum payment in an amount that will 
equal $475,000 on an after-tax basis, i.e. after payment by Company of all 
incremental federal, state and local income and payroll taxes (including, 
without limitation, FICA and Medicare taxes) attributable to such amount.  
Following the Resignation Date, you no longer will be eligible for 
healthcare or other benefits through the Company, except as you may choose 
to purchase through COBRA.
 
4.      Discoveries and Inventions; Work Made for Hire.  You agree and 
acknowledge that, in consideration of the Company’s agreement to pay the 
amounts and provide the benefits described in this Agreement, for a period 
of two (2) years following the Resignation Date (“Invention Period”):
 
(a)      Upon conception and/or development and/or reduction to practice 
(in each case, solely or jointly) of any idea, discovery, invention, 
improvement, software, writing or other material or design that (A) relates 
to the Company’s Business (“Company’s Business” means:  semiconductor Flash 
memory and Flash system level design and/or manufacturing), or (B) relates 
to the Company’s actual or demonstrably anticipated research or development 
to and during the Consultancy Period, or (C) results from any services 
performed by you while an employee of the Company or for the Company under 
the Consulting Agreement (individually, and collectively, “Inventions”), 
you hereby assign to the Company the entire right, title and interest in 
and to any and all such Inventions.  This assignment is intended to and 
does in fact extend to Inventions that have not yet been created but 
created during the Consultancy Period.  As the assignee, the Company will 
bear the costs, if any, of patent prosecutions, if applicable.
 
(b)      In order to determine your rights and the rights of the Company in 
any idea, discovery, invention, improvement, software, writing or other 
material, and to ensure the protection of the same, you will disclose 
within thirty (30) days and fully to the Company any and all ideas, 
discoveries, inventions, improvements, software, writings or other 
materials or designs conceived, made, developed, and/or reduced to practice 
by you solely or jointly with others during the Invention Period.  The 
Company agrees to keep any such disclosures confidential.  You also agree 
to promptly and completely record descriptions of all work in the manner 
directed by the Company and agree that all such records and copies, samples 
and experimental materials will be the exclusive and confidential property 
of the Company.  You agree that at the request of and without charge to the 
Company, but at the Company’s expense, you will execute requested documents 
further evidencing your assignment of the idea, discovery, invention, 
improvement, software, writing or other material or design to the Company, 
and will and hereby do assign to the Company any application for letters 
patent or for trademark registration made thereon, and to any common-law or 
statutory copyright and/or copyright registration therein, and that you 
will do whatever may be necessary or desirable to enable the Company to 
secure any patent, trademark, copyright, or other property right therein in 
the United States and in any foreign country, and any division, renewal, 
continuation, or continuation in part thereof, or for any reissue of any 
patent issued thereon.  In the event the Company is unable, after 
reasonable effort, and in any event after ten business days, to secure your 
signature on such documents, whether because of your physical or mental 
incapacity or for any other reason whatsoever, you irrevocably designate 
and appoint the Chief Legal Officer/General Counsel of the Company as your 
attorney-in-fact to act on your behalf to execute and file any such 
application and to do all other lawfully permitted acts to further the 
prosecution and issuance of such letters patent, copyright or trademark.
 
(c)      You acknowledge that, to the extent permitted by law, all work 
papers, reports, documentation, drawings, photographs, negatives, tapes and 
masters therefor, prototypes and other materials (“Items”), including 
without limitation, any and all such Items generated and maintained on any 
form of electronic media, generated by you during the Invention Period 
shall be considered a “work made for hire” and that ownership of any and 
all copyrights in any and all such Items shall belong to the Company.  The 
Items will recognize the Company as the copyright owner, will contain all 
proper copyright notices, e.g., “© 20__ SanDisk Corporation, All Rights 
Reserved,” and will be provided to the Company “as is.”
 
5.      Non-Compete; Non-Solicit.  You agree and acknowledge that, in 
consideration of the Company’s agreement to pay the amounts and provide the 
benefits described in this Agreement, for a period of two (2) years 
following the Resignation Date:
 
 
2
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
(a) You will not directly enter into or engage in any business throughout 
the world that competes with the Company’s Business, or directly promote or 
assist, financially or otherwise, any person or entity that engages in any 
business that competes with the Company’s Business.  For the avoidance of 
doubt, the preceding sentence does not prohibit passive investments as a 
limited partner in a venture capital fund.
 
(b)      You will not solicit any of the Company’s employees to resign from 
their employment at the Company.
 
6.      Cooperation.  You agree to cooperate fully with the Company and its 
affiliates, including any attorney retained by thereby, in connection with 
any pending or future litigation or investigatory matter.  You acknowledge 
that such cooperation may include, but not be limited to, your:  (a) being 
available for an interview by the Company or its attorneys at mutually 
convenient times, (b) being available at mutually convenient times for 
depositions, trial preparation, trial, or other matters with respect to the 
Company’s intellectual property in connection with litigation or 
investigatory matters; (c) providing to the Company any documents in your 
possession or under your control that may relate to such litigation or 
investigatory matters; and (d) providing truthful sworn statements in 
connection with such matters.  These obligations are separate and 
independent from any obligations in the Consulting Agreement.
 
7.      Proprietary Information and Inventions Agreement.  Executive 
acknowledges and agrees that he will remain bound by and comply in all 
respects with his Proprietary Information and Inventions Agreement, dated 
as of October 31, 2008 a copy of which is attached as Appendix C (“PIIA”) 
during the Consultancy Period or as otherwise provided in the PIIA.  In the 
event of any conflict between the provisions of the PIIA and this 
Agreement, the provisions of this Agreement shall apply.
 
8.      Confidential Information/Company Property.  You acknowledge that 
all tangible information, including all files, records, summaries, bills, 
invoices, copies, excerpts, data, memoranda, letters, notes, written 
policies and procedures manuals and other information or material 
pertaining to your work at the Company or containing confidential 
information that came into your custody, possession or knowledge or were 
compiled prepared, developed or used by you at any time in the course of or 
in connection with your work at the Company, including but not limited to 
inventor notebooks, and all tangible property put in your custody or 
possession by the Company in connection with your work at the Company, is 
solely the property of the Company, and you agree that upon the expiration 
or termination of the Consultancy Period (notwithstanding any contrary term 
in the PIIA) you will promptly return all such tangible information in your 
possession or control, as well as any other Company property or equipment, 
except for early Company mementos of a personal nature, or as may otherwise 
be agreed in connection with your consulting services pursuant to Appendix 
A; provided, however, that you may retain the original of your work 
notebooks, provided, further, that the Company has copies thereof.
 
9.      Publishing by Executive.  Notwithstanding Sections 7 and 8, above, 
and Section 2 of the Consultancy Agreement, the Company acknowledges 
Executive’s unique role in the history of the Company and Executive’s 
desire to publish a book about the history of the Company (“Manuscript”).  
The Company acknowledges that certain historical data that might otherwise 
be considered confidential information may properly be included in such 
Manuscript, provided that the Manuscript shall be subject to 
pre-publication review by the Company and further that no then-current 
confidential information of a personnel, privileged, financial or 
technological nature be included.  Such information shall not be considered 
“confidential” once it has been publicly disclosed by persons other than 
Executive.  The Company shall not require alterations in, or deletions 
from, the Manuscript unless the Company’s chief legal officer has 
reasonably determined in good faith that such alterations or deletions are 
required to prevent material harm to the Company.  In the event that 
Executive disagrees with a determination of the Company’s chief legal 
officer, the Company’s Board of Directors shall make the final 
determination in good faith.
 
10.      Trading in Company Securities.
 
(a)      Pre-Clearance During Consultancy Period.  You agree and 
acknowledge that, in consideration of the Company’s agreement to pay the 
amounts and provide the benefits described in this Agreement, during the 
term of the Consulting Agreement, you shall be required to obtain prior 
clearance from the Company’s Chief Financial Officer or Chief Legal 
Officer, or his, her or their designee, in accordance with and pursuant to 
the terms and provisions of the Company’s insider trading policy in effect 
from time to time that are applicable to the Company’s employees, before 
you or any of your Related Persons makes any purchases or sales of the 
securities of the Company (“Company Securities”).  For purposes of this 
section, “Related Person(s)” means your spouse, minor children and anyone 
else living in your household; partnerships in which you are a general 
partner; corporations in which you either singly or together with other 
“Related Persons” own a controlling interest; trusts of which you are a 
trustee, settlor or beneficiary; estates of which you are an executor or 
beneficiary; or any other group or entity where you have or share with 
others the power to decide whether to buy Company Securities.
 
 
3
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
(b)      Transitional Restriction.  You agree and acknowledge that, in 
consideration of the Company’s agreement to pay the amounts and provide the 
benefits described in this Agreement, you and your Related Persons may not 
trade in Company Securities during the period beginning 30 days prior to 
the end of the Company’s fourth quarter of fiscal 2010 and ending after the 
close of market on the second business day after the financial results of 
the Company’s operations for such quarter are publicly announced.  
Notwithstanding the expiration of the foregoing period, federal law 
prohibits your trading at any time you are in possession of material 
non-public information concerning the Company.
 
(c)      The Company acknowledges you have a Rule 10b5-1 trading plan and 
trades thereunder are not subject to this Section 10 with regard to Company 
restrictions.
 
11.      Post-Resignation Date Indemnification.  The terms of your 
Indemnification Agreement, dated July 28, 1995, including Section 11 
thereof, and the Company’s Bylaws, consistent with Delaware law, shall 
govern any indemnity rights you may have regarding claims that arise from 
facts or circumstances that arise prior to the termination of the 
Consultancy Period.
 
12.      Benefit to Executive’s Estate.  Notwithstanding anything in this 
Agreement to the contrary, in the event of your death prior to December 31, 
2012, the date “December 31, 2012” in each of Sections 3(b) (i), (ii) and 
(iii) of this Agreement will be deemed to instead be the date of your 
death.  If this Section 12 becomes applicable, then, for purposes of the 90 
days specified in Section 3(b)(v) of this Agreement, vested Executive’s 
Equity Awards, including any Accelerated Equity, may be exercised by your 
legal representative subsequent to your death by the later of:  (a) such 
period provided for in the applicable Stock Option Agreement or Restricted 
Stock Unit Issuance Agreement, or (b) during 90 days after the earlier of  
(x) the date of notice by your legal representative to the Company of your 
death or (y) the date three months after the date of your death; provided 
that such person provides the Company with reasonable evidence of the right 
of such person to exercise the stock options, including any Accelerated 
Equity.  For the avoidance of doubt, the restriction set forth in Section 
10(a) shall not apply to such legal representative, and the restriction set 
forth in Section 10(b) shall only apply if such legal representative is a 
Related Person.
 
13.      Representation by Counsel; Voluntary Agreement.  The parties each 
represent that they have had an opportunity to be represented by counsel of 
their own choosing in the execution of this Agreement and that this 
Agreement has been carefully and fully read and is voluntarily executed.
 
14.      Tax Indemnification.  You understand and agree that the Company 
and its attorneys have not and are not providing tax or legal advice, nor 
making representations regarding tax obligations or consequences, if any, 
related to this Agreement.  You further agree that other that the taxes 
paid by Company under section 3(c) you will assume any tax obligations to 
which you may be subject as a result of the compensation paid or accrued 
under this Agreement (“Taxes”), and you shall not seek any indemnification 
from the Company in this regard.  You agree that in the event that any 
taxing body determines that additional Taxes are due from you, you 
acknowledge and assume all responsibility for the payment of any such Taxes 
and agree to indemnify, defend and hold the Company harmless for the 
payment of such Taxes.  You further agree to pay, on the Company’s behalf, 
any interest or penalties imposed on the Company as a consequence of your 
failure to pay Taxes, and to pay any judgments, penalties, Taxes, costs and 
attorneys’ fees incurred by the Company as a consequence of your failure to 
pay Taxes.
 
15.      Entire Agreement; No Representations.  This Agreement and its 
appendices set forth the entire agreement between you and the Company 
pertaining to the subject matter of this Agreement.  You hereby acknowledge 
that no promise or inducement has been offered to you, except as expressly 
stated above, and that you are relying upon none.  This Agreement may not 
be amended, modified or superseded except by a written agreement signed by 
both you and the Company.  No oral statement by any employee of the Company 
shall modify or otherwise affect the terms and provisions of this 
Agreement.
 
16.      On-The-Job Injury.  You hereby certify that as of the effective 
date you have not experienced a job-related illness or injury for which you 
have not already filed a claim.
 
17.      Binding Agreement.  This Agreement shall be binding upon you and 
your heirs, administrators, representatives, executors, successors and 
assigns, and shall inure to the benefit of the Company and its affiliates, 
and each of them, and to their heirs, administrators, representatives, 
executors, successors, and assigns.
 
18.      Severability.  Should any provision of this Agreement be declared 
or be determined by any court to be illegal or invalid, the validity of the 
remaining parts, terms, or provisions shall not be affected, and said 
illegal or invalid part, term, or provision shall be deemed not to be part 
of this Agreement.
 
 
4
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
19.      Counterparts.  This Agreement may be executed in separate 
counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an original and both of 
which taken together shall constitute one and the same agreement.
 
20.      Governing Law.  This Agreement is made and entered into in the 
State of California and shall in all respects be interpreted, enforced, and 
governed under the law of that state.  The language of all parts in this 
Agreement shall be construed as a whole, according to fair meaning, and not 
strictly for or against any party.
 
 
 Dated: July 30, 2010 	 /s/ Eli Harari 	 
  	 Eli Harari 	 
 
 
 Dated:  August 11, 2010 	 SANDISK CORPORATION 	 
 By:  	/s/ Irwin Federman 	 
 Its  : 	
Director
 
  	  	 
 
 
 
 
5
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
APPENDIX A
 
 
CONSULTING AGREEMENT
 
This Consulting Agreement (this “Agreement”), effective as of January 1, 
2011 (the “Effective Date”), is entered into by and between SanDisk 
Corporation, a Delaware corporation (the “Company”), and Eli Harari (“
Consultant”).
 
RECITALS
 
WHEREAS, prior to the Effective Date, Consultant was employed by the 
Company as its Chairman and Chief Executive Officer;
 
WHEREAS, the Company believes that Consultant’s expertise and knowledge 
will enhance the Company’s business; and
 
WHEREAS, the Company wishes to retain Consultant to perform consulting 
services, including providing the Company with technical advice and 
management counsel, and fulfill certain related duties and obligations 
under the terms and conditions of this Agreement, commencing on the 
Effective Date.
 
NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants and agreements set 
forth in this Agreement, and other good and valuable consideration, the 
receipt and adequacy of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties to this 
Agreement hereby agree as follows:
 
1.      Consulting Services.
 
(a) Capacity.  The Company hereby retains Consultant on a non-exclusive 
basis with respect to the business of the Company and its subsidiaries for 
the purpose of providing consulting services to executives of the Company 
or their designees.  Consultant hereby accepts such position upon the terms 
and the conditions set forth herein, and shall perform such duties as may 
be mutually agreed upon by the Company’s Chief Executive Officer and 
Consultant; provided, that Consultant shall make himself available in any 
event to provide consulting services as reasonably requested by the 
Company’s Chief Executive Officer.  The Company may request consulting 
services from Consultant during the term of this Agreement consistent with 
Consultant’s time commitment of no more than ten (10) days per year.  The 
requirement that Consultant provide services to the Company pursuant to 
this Agreement shall be waived during periods when Consultant is prevented 
by his disability or his spouse’s disability from providing such services.
 
(b) Term and Operation.  This Agreement will commence on the Effective Date 
and shall continue through, and shall end upon, December 31, 2012.  
Notwithstanding the foregoing, (i) this Agreement will terminate 
automatically on the death of Consultant, (ii) at the election of 
Consultant, this Agreement will never take effect or will terminate, as the 
case may be, in the event that the Company is subject to a Change of 
Control (as defined in the Change of Control Benefits Agreement, dated May 
20, 2004, as amended December 15, 2008, between Consultant and the Company) 
and (iii) is terminable by the Company at any time in the event Consultant 
breaches any of the terms, provisions or agreements contained herein.  The 
parties may mutually agree to an extension of this Agreement.
 
(c) Compensation.  In consideration of Consultant’s performance of the 
consulting services, during the term of this Agreement the Company will 
make payments to Consultant in a gross amount equal to $50,000.00 per year 
to be paid for two years (total aggregate gross amount of $100,000), which 
amount will be paid quarterly.
 
(d) Secretarial Assistance.  The Company shall make reasonable secretarial 
assistance available to Consultant in connection with his duties under this 
Agreement.
 
(e) Reimbursement of Expenses.  The Company shall reimburse Consultant for 
all reasonable expenses incurred by Consultant in the performance of 
Consultant’s duties under this Agreement provided that Consultant documents 
such expenses and otherwise substantially complies with the Company’s 
regular policies and practices with respect to expense reimbursement.  
Consultant shall not be obligated to make any advance to or for the account 
of the Company, and Consultant shall not be obligated to incur any expense 
for the account of the Company without assurance that the necessary funds 
for the discharge of such expense will be provided.  Consultant shall be 
entitled to travel Business Class on any international travel undertaken 
with the approval of the Company during the Consultancy Period to Company 
locations.
 
1
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
2. Confidentiality.
 
(a) Consultant will keep in strict confidence, and will not, directly or 
indirectly, at any time, disclose, furnish, disseminate, make available or, 
except in the course of Consultant’s performance of services for the 
Company, use any trade secrets or confidential business and technical 
information of the Company or its customers or vendors, without limitation 
as to when or how Consultant may have acquired such information.  Such 
confidential information shall include, without limitation, the Company’s 
unique selling, manufacturing and servicing methods and business 
techniques, training, service and business manuals, promotional materials, 
training courses and other training and instructional materials, vendor and 
product information, customer and prospective customer lists, other 
customer and prospective customer information and other business 
information.  Consultant specifically acknowledges that all such 
confidential information, whether reduced to writing, maintained on any 
form of electronic media, or maintained in the mind or memory of Consultant 
and whether compiled by the Company, and/or Consultant, derives independent 
economic value from not being readily known to or ascertainable by proper 
means by others who can obtain economic value from its disclosure or use, 
that reasonable efforts have been made by the Company to maintain the 
secrecy of such information, that such information is the sole property of 
the Company and that any retention and use of such information by 
Consultant during the term of this Agreement (except in the course of 
performing services for the Company) or after the termination of this 
Agreement shall constitute a misappropriation of the Company’s trade 
secrets.
 
(b) Consultant agrees that upon termination of Consultant’s performance of 
services, Consultant shall return to the Company, in good condition, all 
property of the Company, including without limitation, the originals and 
all copies of any materials which contain, reflect, summarize, describe, 
analyze or refer or relate to any items of information listed in 
subparagraph 2(a) of this Agreement.
 
(c) During the term of this Agreement, Consultant will communicate the fact 
of this consultancy and confidentiality restrictions to any person, firm, 
association, partnership, corporation or other entity that Consultant 
intends to be employed by or a consultant to in any formal capacity; 
provided that such notification provision shall not extend to any entity 
that is not materially engaged in any business in which the Company is 
engaged during the term of this Agreement.
 
(d) Consultant acknowledges and agrees that the remedy at law available to 
the Company for breach of any of Consultant’s obligations under this 
Agreement would be inadequate.
 
3. Independent Contractor.  During the term of this Agreement, Consultant 
will at all times be and remain an independent contractor.  Consultant 
shall be free to exercise Consultant’s own judgment as to the manner and 
method of providing the consulting services to the Company, subject to 
applicable laws and requirements reasonably imposed by the Company.  
Consultant acknowledges and agrees that, during the term of this Agreement, 
Consultant will not be treated as an employee of the Company or any of its 
affiliates for purposes of federal, state, local or foreign income tax 
withholding, nor unless otherwise specifically provided by law, for 
purposes of the Federal Insurance Contributions Act, the Social Security 
Act, the Federal Unemployment Tax Act or any Worker’s Compensation law of 
any state or country and for purposes of benefits provided to employees of 
the Company or any of its affiliates under any employee benefit plan.  
Consultant acknowledges and agrees that as an independent contractor, 
Consultant will be required, during the term of this Agreement, to pay any 
applicable taxes on the fees paid to Consultant.
 
4. Survival.  Subject to any limits on applicability contained therein, 
Section 2 shall survive and continue in full force in accordance with its 
terms for a period of two (2) years after any termination of this 
Agreement.
 
5. Counterparts.  This Agreement may be executed in separate counterparts, 
each of which shall be deemed to be an original and both of which taken 
together shall constitute one and the same agreement.
 
2
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
6. Successors and Assigns.  This Agreement shall bind and inure to the 
benefit of and be enforceable by Consultant, the Company and their 
respective heirs, executors, personal representatives, successors and 
assigns, except that neither party may assign any rights or delegate any 
obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of the other party. 
Consultant hereby consents to the assignment by the Company of all of its 
rights and obligations hereunder to any successor to the Company by merger 
or consolidation or purchase of all or substantially all of the Company’s 
assets, provided such transferee or successor assumes the liabilities of 
the Company hereunder.
 
7. Choice of Law.  This Agreement shall be governed by, and construed in 
accordance with, the internal, substantive laws of the State of California.
 
8. Amendment and Waiver.  The provisions of this Agreement may be amended 
or waived only with the prior written consent of the Company and 
Consultant, and no course of conduct or failure or delay in enforcing the 
provisions of this Agreement shall affect the validity, binding effect or 
enforceability of this Agreement.
 
9. Operation of Agreement.  This Agreement will be binding immediately upon 
its execution, but, notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement to the 
contrary, this Agreement will not become effective or operative (and 
neither party will have any obligation hereunder) until the Effective Date.
 

 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Agreement effective as 
of the date and year first above written.
 
 
  	 SANDISK CORPORATION
  	 By: 	
/s/ Irwin Federman
 
  	 Name: 	
Irwin Federman
 
  	 Title: 	
Director
 
 
  	 ELI HARARI
  	 /s/ Eli Harari 	 
  	 Eli Harari 	 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
3
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
 
APPENDIX B
 
Unvested Stock Options and Unvested Restricted Stock Units

The following is a description of the unvested stock options and unvested 
restricted stock units regarding the Company that are held by Executive as 
of the Effective Date:

Type of Award
  	
Grant Date
  	
No. of Shares/Units Granted
  	
Vesting Date(s)
  	
Expiration Date
Stock Options
  	
3/20/2007
  	
220,000
  	
25% on 3/20/2008.
The balance in 12 substantially equal quarterly installments over a three 
year period.
  	
3/20/2014
  	  	
2/19/2008
  	
150,000
  	
25% on 2/19/2009.
The balance in 12 substantially equal quarterly installments over a three 
year period.
  	
2/19/2015
  	  	
3/5/2009
  	
250,000
  	
25% on 3/5/2010.
The balance in 12 substantially equal quarterly installments over the 
remaining three year period.
  	
3/5/2016
  	  	
2/24/2010
  	
240,000
  	
25% on 2/24/2011.
The balance in 12 substantially equal quarterly installments over the 
remaining three year period.
  	
2/24/2017
 
Performance Shares
  	
8/5/2008
  	
25,140
  	
Based on cash flow metric, 50% following Q2 FY09 results (not achieved) and 
50% following Q2 FY10 results.
  	
N/A
Restricted Stock
  	
2/24/2010
  	
53,334
  	
25% in 4 substantially equal annual installments over a 4 year period 
beginning 2/24/2010.
  	
N/A
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
1
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
 