 EX-10.4 6 f8k110810ex10iv_chinaalumin.htm OPTION AGREEMENT
 
Exhibit 10.4
 
 
 
OPTION AGREEMENT

This Option Agreement (this “Agreement) is dated August 12,2010, and is 
entered into between and among Zhengzhou Shentong Investment Consulting 
Co., Ltd., a limited liability company organized under the laws of the 
People’s Republic of China (“Shentong Investment”), Zhengzhou Shensheng A
luminum Foil Co., Ltd., a limited liability company organized under the 
laws of the People’s Republic of China (“Shensheng Aluminum”) and 
Zhengzhou Aluminum Co., Ltd, the sole shareholder of Shensheng Aluminum 
(“Zhengzhou Aluminum”). Shentong Investment, Zhengzhou Aluminum and 
Shensheng Aluminum are referred to collectively in this Agreement as the “
Parties.”

RECITALS
 
A.  
Zhengzhou Aluminum is the sole shareholder of Shensheng Aluminum.

B.  
A serices of agreement such as the Consultation Agreement (the “
Consultation Agreement”) have been entered into between Shentong Investment 
and Shensheng Aluminum concurrently with this Agreement;

C.  
An Share Pledge Agreement (the “Share Pledge Agreement”) has been entered 
into by the Parties concurrently herewith;

D.  
The Parties are entering into this Option Agreement in conjunction with the 
Pledge Agreement, Consultation Agreement and related agreement.

NOW THEREFORE, the Parties to this Agreement hereby agree as follows:

1.  
Option Grant

1.1
 Grant of Rights. The Zhengzhou Aluminum (hereafter collectively referred 
to as the “Transferor”) hereby irrevocably grants to Shentong Investment an 
option to purchase or cause any person designated by Shentong Investment (“
Designated Person”) to purchase, to the extent permitted under PRC Law, 
according to the steps determined by Shentong Investment, at the price 
specified in Section 1.3 of this Agreement, at any time from the Transferor 
a portion or all of the equity interests held by Transferor in Shensheng 
Aluminum (the “Option”). No option or similar right shall granted by 
Transferor to any third party other than Shentong Investment and/or the 
Designated Person. Shensheng Aluminum hereby agrees to the granting of the 
Option by The Zhengzhou Aluminum to Shentong Investment and/or the 
Designated Person. The “person” set forth in this clause and this Agreement 
means an individual, corporation, joint venture, partnership, enterprise, 
trust or a non-corporation organization.
 
1.2
Exercise of Rights. According to the stipulations of PRC laws and 
regulations, Shentong Investment and/or the Designated Persons may 
exercises Option by issuing a written notice (the “Notice”) to the 
Transferor and specifying the equity interest purchased from Transferor 
(the “Purchased Equity Interest”) and the manner of purchase.

 
 
1
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
1.3
Purchase Price.
 
1.3.1   
For Shentong Investment to exercise the Option, the purchase price of the 
Purchased Equity Interest (“Purchase Price”) shall be equal to the original 
paid-in price of the Purchase Equity Interest by the Transferor, unless the 
applicable PRC laws and regulations require appraisal of the equity 
interests or stipulate other restrictions on the purchase price of equity 
interests.

1.3.2  
If the applicable PRC laws require appraisal of the equity interests of 
stipulates other restrictions on the purchase price of the Equity Interest 
at the time that Shentong Investment exercise the Option, the Parties agree 
that the Purchase Price shall be set at the lowest price permissible under 
the applicable laws.

1.4
Transfer of the Purchase Equity Interest. Upon each exercise of the Option 
right under this Agreement:

  1.4.1    
Shensheng Aluminum shall convene a Zhengzhou Aluminum’ meeting upon request 
by the Transferor, and Transferor agrees to call such meeting. During the 
meeting, resolutions shall be proposed, approving the transfer of the 
appropriate Equity Interest to Shentong Investment and/or the Designated 
Persons;

  1.4.2    
The Transfer shall, upon the terms and conditions of this Agreement and the 
Notice related to the Purchase Equity Interest, enter into Equity Interest 
purchase agreement in a form reasonably acceptable to Shentong Investment, 
with Shentong Investment and/or Designated Persons (as applicable);

  1.4.3   
The related parties shall execute all other requisite contracts, agreements 
or documents, obtain all requisite approval and consent of the government, 
conduct all necessary actions, without any security interest, transfer the 
valid ownership of the Purchased Equity Interest to Shentong Investment 
and/or the Designated Persons, and cause Shentong Investment and/or the 
Designated Persons to be the registered owner of the Purchase Equity 
Interest. In this clause and this Agreement, “Security Interest” means any 
mortgage, pledge, the right or interest of the third party, any purchase 
right of equity interest, right of acquisition, right of first refusal, 
right of set-off, ownership detainment or other security arrangements, 
however, it does not include any security interest created under the Share 
Pledge Agreement.
 
 
2
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
1.5  
Payment. The payment of the Purchase Price shall be determined by the 
consultation of Shentong Investment and/or the Designated Person with the 
Transferor according to the applicable laws at the time of exercise of the 
Option.

2.  
Promises Relating Equity Interest.21

2.1
Promises Related to Shensheng Aluminum. Shensheng Aluminum, Zhengzhou 
Aluminum hereby promise:
 
  2.1.1  
Without prior written consent by Shentong Investment, not, in any form, to 
supplement, change or renew the Articles of Association of Shensheng 
Aluminum, to increase or decrease registered capital of the corporation, or 
to change the structure of the registered capital in any other form;

  2.1.2  
According to customary fiduciary standards applicable to managers with 
respect to corporations and their Zhengzhou Aluminum, to maintain the 
existence of the corporation, prudently and effectively operate the 
business;

  2.1.3  
Without prior written consent by Shentong Investment, not, upon the 
execution of this Agreement, to sell, transfer, mortgage or dispose, in any 
other form, any asset, legitimate or beneficial interest of business or 
income of Shensheng Aluminum, or encumber or approve any encumbrance or 
imposition of any security interest on Shentong Investment’s assets;

  2.1.4  
Without prior written notice by Shentong Investment, not issue or provide 
any guarantee or permit the existence of any debt, other than (i) the debt 
arising from normal or daily business but not from borrowing; and (ii) the 
debt disclosed to Shentong Investment and obtained the written consent from 
Shentong Investment;

  2.1.5  
To normally operate all business to maintain the asset value of Shensheng 
Aluminum, without taking any action or falling to take any action that 
would result in a material adverse affect on the business or asset value of 
Shensheng Aluminum;

  2.1.6  
Without prior written consent by Shentong Investment, not to enter into any 
material agreement, other than agreement in the ordinary course of business 
(for purposes of this paragraph, if the amount of the Agreement involves an 
amount that exceeds a hundred thousand Yuan(RMB 100.000) the agreement 
shall be deemed material);

  2.1.7  
Without prior written consent by Shentong Investment, not to provide loan 
or credit loan to any others;
 
 
3
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
  2.1.8  
Upon the request of Shentong Investment, to provide all materials of 
operation and finance relevant to Shensheng Aluminum to the extent they are 
in possession of such materials;

  2.1.9  
Purchase and hold insurance from an insurance company acceptable to 
Shentong Investment, and the insurance amount and category shall be the 
same with those hold by the companies in the same industry or field, 
operating the similar business and owning the similar properties and assets 
as Shensheng Aluminum;

2.1.10  
without prior written consent by Shentong Investment, not to cause 
Shensheng Aluminum to merge or associate with any person, or acquire or 
invent in any person;

2.1.11  
To notify Shentong Investment of the occurrence or the potential occurrence 
of the litigation, arbitration or administrative procedure related to the 
assets, business and income of Shensheng Aluminum;

2.1.12  
To cause Shensheng Aluminum to maintain and preserve its assets, and to 
execute all requisite or appropriate documents, take all requisite or 
appropriate actions, and pursue all appropriate claims, or make requisite 
or appropriate pleas for all claims;

2.1.13  
Without prior written notice by Shentong Investment, not to assign equity 
interests to Zhengzhou Aluminum in any form; however, Shentong Investment 
shall distribute all or part of its distributable profits to their own 
Zhengzhou Aluminum upon request by Shentong Investment;

2.1.14  
According to the request of Shentong Investment, to appoint any person 
designated by Shentong Investment to be the directors of Shensheng 
Aluminum.

      2.2   Promises Related to Transferor.  Zhengzhou Aluminum hereby 
promise;
     
  2.2.1 
Without prior written consent by Shentong Investment, not, upon the 
execution of this Agreement, to sell, transfer, mortgage or dispose in any 
other form any legitimate or beneficial interest of equity interest, or to 
approve any other security interest set on it, with the exception of the 
pledge set on the equity interest of the Transferor subject to Share Pledge 
Agreement;

  2.2.2  
Without the prior written notice by Shentong Investment, not to decide or 
support or execute any shareholder resolution at any shareholder meeting of 
Shensheng Aluminum that approves any sale, transfer, mortgage or dispose of 
any legitimate or beneficial interest of equity interest, or allows any 
other security interest set on it, other than the pledge on the equity 
interests of Transferor pursuant to Share Pledge Agreement;
 
 
 
4
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
  2.2.3  
Without prior written notice by Shentong Investment, the Parties shall not 
agree or support or execute any shareholder resolution at any shareholder 
meeting of Shensheng Aluminum that approves Shensheng Aluminum’s merger or 
association with any person, acquisition of any person or investment in any 
person;

  2.2.4  
To notify Shentong Investment the occurrence or the potential occurrence of 
the litigation, arbitration or administrative procedure related to the 
equity interest owned by them;

  2.2.5  
To cause the Board of Directors of Shensheng Aluminum to approve the 
transfer of the Purchased Equity Interest subject to this Agreement;

  2.2.6  
In order to keep its ownership of the equity interest, to execute all 
requisite appropriate documents, conduct all requisite or appropriate 
actions, and make all requisite or appropriate claims. or make requisite 
appropriate defend against fall claims of compensation;

  2.2.7  
Upon the request of Shentong Investment, to appoint any person designated 
by Shentong Investment to be the directors of Shensheng Aluminum;

  2.2.8  
Upon the request of Shentong Investment at any time, to transfer its Equity 
Interest immediately to the representative designated by Shentong 
Investment unconditionally at any time and abandon its prior right of first 
refusal of such equity interest transferring to another available 
shareholder;

  2.2.9  
To prudently comply with the provisions of this Agreement and other 
Agreement entered into collectively or respectively by the Transferor, 
Shensheng Aluminum and Shentong Investment and perform all obligations 
under these Agreements, without taking any action or any nonfeasance that 
sufficiently affects the validity and enforceability of these Agreement;

3.   
Representations and Warranties. As of the execution date of this Agreement 
and every transferring date, Shensheng Aluminum, the Zhengzhou Aluminum 
hereby jointly and severally represent and warrant collectively and 
respectively to Shentong Investment as follows:
 
3.1  
It has power and ability to enter into and deliver this Agreement, and any 
equity interest transferring Agreement (“Transferring Agreement,” 
respectively) having it as a party, for every single transfer of the 
Purchases Equity Interest according to this Agreement, and to perform its 
obligations under this Agreement and any Transferring Agreement. Upon 
execution, this Agreement and the Transferring Agreement having it as a 
party will constitute a legal, valid and binding obligation of it 
enforceable against it in accordance with its terms;
 
 
5
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
    3.2
To its knowledge and without independent verification, the execution, 
delivery of this Agreement and any Transferring Agreement and performance 
of the obligations under this Agreement and any Transferring Agreement will 
not: (i) cause to violate any relevant laws and regulations of PRC; (ii) 
constitute a conflict with its Articles of Association or other 
organization documents (if an entity); (iii) cause to breach any Agreement 
or instruments to which it is a party or having binding obligation on it, 
or constitute the breach under any Agreement or instruments to which it is 
a party or having binding obligation on it, (iv) cause to violate relevant 
authorization of any consent or approval to it and/or any continuing valid 
condition; or (v) cause any consent or approval authorized to it to be 
suspended, removed, or into which other requests be added;

    3.3
The shares of Shensheng Aluminum are transferable, and Shensheng Aluminum 
has not permitted or caused any security interest to be imposed upon the 
shares of Shensheng Aluminum.

    3.4
Shensheng Aluminum does not have any unpaid debt, other than (i) debt 
arising from its normal business; and (ii) debt disclosed to Shentong 
Investment and obtained by written consent of Shentong Investment;

    3.5
Shensheng Aluminum has complied with all PRC laws and regulations 
applicable to the acquisition of assets and securities in connection with 
this Agreement;

    3.6
No litigation, arbitration or administrative procedure relevant to the 
Equity Interests and assets of Shensheng Aluminum or Shensheng Aluminum 
itself is in process or to be settled and the Parties have no knowledge of 
any pending or threatened claim;

    3.7
The Transferor bears the fair and salable ownership of its Equity Interest 
free of encumbrances of any kind, other than the security interest pursuant 
to the Share Pledge Agreement.

4.  
 Assignment of Agreement

    4.1
Shensheng Aluminum, the Zhengzhou Aluminum shall not transfer their rights 
and obligations under this Agreement to any third party without the prior 
written consent of the Shentong Investment.

    4.2
Shensheng Aluminum, the Zhengzhou Aluminum hereby agree that Shentong 
Investment shall be able to transfer all of its rights and obligation under 
this Agreement to any third party with its needs, and such transfer shall 
only be subject to a written notice sent to Shensheng Aluminum, the 
Zhengzhou Aluminum by Shentong Investment, and no any further consent from 
Shensheng Aluminum, the Zhengzhou Aluminum will be required.
 
 
6
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
5.  
Effective Date and Term
 
    5.1
This Agreement shall be effective as of the date first set forth above.
 
    5.2
 The term of this Agreement is twenty (20) years unless the early 
termination in accordance with this Agreement or other terms of the 
relevant agreements stipulated by the Parties. This Agreement may be 
extender according to the written consent of Shentong Investment before the 
expiration of this Agreement. The term of extension will be decided 
unanimously through mutual agreement of the Parties.

    5.3
If Shentong Investment or Shensheng Aluminum terminates by the expiration 
of this operating period (including any extended period) or other cause in 
the term set forth in Section 5.2, this Agreement shall be terminated 
simultaneously, except Shentong Investment has transferred its rights and 
obligations in accordance with Section 4.2 of this Agreement.

6.  
Applicable Law and Dispute Resolution

    6.1
Applicable Law. The execution, validity, construing and performance of this 
Agreement and the resolution of disputes under this Agreement shall be 
governed by the laws of PRC.

    6.2
Dispute Resolution. The parties shall strive to settle any dispute arising 
from the interpretation or performance in connection with this Agreement 
through friendly consultation. In case no settlement can be reached through 
consultation within thirty (30) days after such dispute is raised, each 
party can submit such matter to China International Economic and Trade 
Arbitration Commission (the “CIETAC”) in accordance with its rules. 
Arbitration shall take place in Beijing and the proceedings shall be 
conducted in Chinese. Any resulting arbitration award shall be final 
conclusive and binding upon both parties.

7.
Taxes and Expenses. Each Party shall, according to the PRC laws, bear any 
and all registering taxes, costs and expenses for equity transfer arising 
from the preparation and execution of this Agreement and all Transferring 
Agreements, and the completion of the transaction under this Agreement and 
all Transferring Areements.
 
 
7
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
8.
Notices. Notices or other communications required to be given by any party 
pursuant to this Agreement shall be written in English and Chinese and 
delivered personally or sent by registered mail or postage prepaid mail or 
by a recognized courier service or by facsimile transmission to the address 
of relevant each party or both partiesset forth below or other address of 
the party or of the other addressees specified by such party from time to 
time. The date when the notice is deemed to be duly served shall be 
determined as the follow: (a) a notice delivered personally is deemed duly 
served upon the delivery; (b) a notice sent by mail is deemed duly served 
the tenth (10th) day after the date when the air registered mail with 
postage prepaid has been sent out (as is shown on the postmark), or the 
fourth (4th) day after the delivery date to the internationally recognized 
courier service agency; and (c) a notice sent by facsimile transmission is 
deemed duly served upon the receipt time as is shown on the transmission 
confirmation of relevant document.

9.
Confidentiality. The Parties acknowledge and confirm any oral or written 
materials exchanged by the Parties in connection with this Agreement are 
confidential. The Parties shall maintain the secrecy and confidentiality of 
all such materials. Without the written approval by the other Parties 
(except that written approval of the Zhengzhou Aluminum shall not be 
required), any Party shall not disclose to any third Party any relevant 
materials, but the following circumstance shall be excluded:

9.1  
The materials that is known or may be known by the general public (but not 
include the materials disclosed by each party receiving the materials);

9.2  
The materials required to be disclosed subject to the applicable laws or 
the rules or provisions of stock exchange or

9.3  
The materials disclosed by each Party to its legal or financial consultant 
relating the transaction of this Agreement, and this legal or financial 
consultant shall comply with the confidentiality set forth in this Section. 
The disclosure of the confidential materials by staff or employed 
institution of any Party shall be deemed as the disclosure of such 
materials by such Party, and such Party shall bear the liabilities for 
breaching the contract. This clause shall survive whatever this Agreement 
is invalid, amended, revoked, terminated or unable to implement by any 
reason.

10.
Further Warranties. The Parties agree to promptly execute documents 
reasonably required to perform the provisions and the aim of this Agreement 
or documents beneficial to it, and to take actions reasonably required to 
perform the provisions and the aim of this Agreement or actions beneficial 
to it.

11.
    Miscellaneous.

     11.1  
Amendment, Modification and Supplement. Any amendment and supplement to 
this Agreement shall only be effective is made by the Parties in writing.

     11.2  
Entire Agreement. Notwithstanding the Article 5 of this Agreement, the 
Parties acknowledge that this Agreement constitutes the entire agreement of 
the Parties with   respect to the subject matters therein and supercede and 
replace all prior or contemporaneous agreements and understandings in verb 
or/and in writing.
 
 
8
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
  11.3  
Severability. If any provision of this Agreement is judged as invalid or 
non-enforceable according to relevant Laws, the provision shall be deemed 
invalid only within the applicable laws and regulations of the PRC, and the 
validity, legality and enforceability of the other provisions hereof shall 
not be affected or impaired in any way. The Parties shall, through fairly 
consultation, replace those invalid, illegal or non-enforceable provisions 
with valid provisions that may bring the similar economic effects with the 
effects caused by those invalid, illegal or non-enforceable provisions.

     11.4  
Headings. The headings contained in this Agreement are for the convenience 
of reference only and shall not affect the interpretation, explanation or 
in any other way the meaning of the provisions of this Agreement.

  11.5  
Language and Copies. This Agreement has been executed in Chinese in 
duplicate originals; each Party holds one (1) original and each duplicate 
original shall have the same legal effect.

   11.6  
Successor. This Agreement shall bind and benefit the successor of each and 
the transferee allowed by each Party.

    11.7  
Survival. Any obligation taking place or at term hereof prior to the end of 
termination ahead of the end of this Agreement shall continue in force and 
effect notwithstanding the occurrence of the end or termination ahead of 
the end of the Agreement. Article 6, Article 8, Article 9 and Section 11.7 
hereof shall continue in force and effect after the termination of this 
Agreement.

   11.8  
Waiver. Any Party may waive the terms and conditions of this Agreement in 
writing with the signature of the Parties. Any waiver by a Party to the 
breach by other Parties within certain situation shall not be construed as 
a waiver to any similar breach by other Parties within other situations.
 
 
9
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

 
              IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereof have caused this 
Agreement to be executed by their duly authorized representatives as of the 
date first written above.

 
Zhengzhou Shentong Investment Consulting Co., Ltd.

By:/s/  Dongwei Zhang                     
      Dongwei Zhang

Executive Director


Zhengzhou Shensheng Aluminum Foil Co., Ltd.

By:/s/ Congfu Li                                 
      Congfu Li

Executive Director


Zhengzhou Aluminum Co., Ltd.

By:/s/ Congfu Li                               
      Congfu Li

Chairman of the Board

 
10
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------