 EX-10.10 9 ex10_10.htm CHANGE OF CONTROL EXECUTIVE BENEFITS AGREEMENT- 
MEHROTRA
Exhibit 10.10
 
SANDISK CORPORATION
CHANGE OF CONTROL EXECUTIVE BENEFITS AGREEMENT
 
This Change of Control Executive Benefits Agreement (“Agreement”) is made 
and entered into as of July __, 2011, to be effective as of January 1, 2011 
(the “Effective Date”) by and between SanDisk Corporation, a Delaware 
corporation (the “Company”), and Sanjay Mehrotra (the “Executive”).
 
W I T N E S S E T H:
 
WHEREAS, the Company and the Executive are parties to a change of control 
executive benefits agreement as most recently amended on December 15, 2008 
(the “Superseded Agreement”) and wish to restate, supersede and replace the 
Superseded Agreement with this Agreement as of the Effective Date.
 
WHEREAS, the Executive is employed by the Company in a key position and has 
made and is expected to continue to make major contributions to the 
profitability, growth and financial strength of the Company.
 
WHEREAS, the Company considers the continued availability of the 
Executive’s services, managerial skills and business experience to be in 
the best interest of the Company and its stockholders, and desires to 
assure the continued services of the Executive on behalf of the Company 
without (a) the distraction of the Executive occasioned by the possibility 
of a change of control of the Company and (b) the possibility that the 
Executive would seek other employment following the announcement of a 
change of control of the Company and if such announced transaction were not 
consummated, the Company would be seriously harmed.
 
NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of these premises, the parties agree that 
the following shall constitute the agreement between the Company and the 
Executive:
 
1. Definitions.  Whenever the following terms are used in this Agreement, 
they shall have the meaning specified below unless the context clearly 
indicates to the contrary:
 
1.01 “Administrator” shall mean the Board or its delegate.
 
1.02 “Board” shall mean the Board of Directors of the Company.
 
1.03 “Cause” shall mean (i) fraud or other willful misconduct with respect 
to the Company’s business, (ii) gross negligence in the performance of 
duties, or (iii) conviction or plea of nolo contendere to a felony.
 
1.04 “Change of Control” means the occurrence of any of the following 
events:
 
    (a) Any “person” (as such term is used in Sections 13(d) and 14(d) of
    the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended) becomes the
    “beneficial owner” (as defined in Rule 13d-3 under said Act), directly
    or indirectly, of securities of the Company representing fifty percent
    (50%) or more of  the then outstanding shares of common stock of the
    Company or the total voting power represented by the Company’s then
    outstanding voting securities (other than pursuant to a Business
    Combination which is covered by clause (c) below);
 
    (b) The consummation of the sale or other disposition (including in
    whole or in part through licensing arrangement(s)) of all or
    substantially all of the Company’s assets, other than sales, other
    dispositions or licenses of assets made to a parent or a wholly-owned
    subsidiary of the Company, or an entity under common control with the
    Company;
 
 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
    (c) The consummation of a reorganization, merger, statutory share
    exchange or consolidation or similar transaction involving the Company
    or the acquisition of assets or stock of another entity by the Company
    or any of its subsidiaries, or a series of related such transactions
    (each, a “Business Combination”), in each case unless following such
    Business Combination (i) the voting securities of the Company
    outstanding immediately prior thereto continue to represent (either by
    remaining outstanding or by being converted into voting securities of
    the surviving entity or any entity (a “Parent”) that, as a result of
    such transaction, owns the Company or the surviving entity or all or
    substantially all of the Company’s or surviving entity’s assets
    directly or through one or more subsidiaries) at least fifty percent
    (50%) of the total voting power represented by the voting securities of
    the Company or such surviving entity or Parent outstanding immediately
    after such Business Combination; (ii) no person (excluding any entity
    resulting from such Business Combination or a Parent or any employee
    benefit plan (or related trust) of the Company or such entity resulting
    from such Business Combination or Parent) beneficially owns, directly
    or indirectly, 50% or more of, respectively, the then-outstanding
    shares of common stock of the entity resulting from such Business
    Combination or the total voting power of the then-outstanding voting
    securities of such entity, except to the extent that the ownership in
    excess of 50% existed prior to the Business Combination; and (iii) at
    least a majority of the members of the board of directors of the entity
    resulting from such Business Combination or the Parent thereof were
    members of the Incumbent Board (as defined below) at the time of the
    execution of the initial agreement or of the action of the Board
    providing for such Business Combination;
 
    (d) Individuals who, as of the Effective Date, constitute the Board
    (the “Incumbent Board”) cease for any reason to constitute at least a
    majority of the Board; provided, however, that any individual becoming
    a director subsequent to the Effective Date whose appointment,
    election, or nomination for election by the Company’s stockholders, was
    approved by a vote of at least two-thirds of the directors then
    comprising the Incumbent Board (including for these purposes, the new
    members whose appointment, election or nomination was so approved,
    without counting the member and his or her predecessor twice) shall be
    considered as though such individual were a member of the Incumbent
    Board, but excluding, for this purpose, any such individual whose
    initial assumption of office occurs as a result of an actual or
    threatened election contest with respect to the election or removal of
    directors or other actual or threatened solicitation of proxies or
    consents by or on behalf of a Person other than the Board; or
 
    (e) Approval by the stockholders of the Company of a complete
    liquidation or dissolution of the Company other than in the context of
    a transaction or series of related transactions that would not
    constitute a Change of Control under clause (c) above.
 
1.05 A “Change of Control Termination” shall mean a termination of 
employment which occurs at any time during the period commencing three (3) 
months before the occurrence of a Change of Control and ending eighteen 
(18) months after such Change of Control (the “Protected Period”) where (a) 
the Company or a party effecting a Change of Control of the Company 
terminates the Executive’s employment without Cause, other than as the 
result of the Executive’s death or Permanent Disability, or (b) the 
Executive resigns with Good Reason.
 
1.06 “Code” shall mean the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended.
 
1.07 “Date of Termination” following a Change of Control shall mean the 
dates, as the case may be, for the following events: (a) if the Executive’s 
employment is terminated by death, the date of death; (b) if the 
Executive’s employment is terminated due to a Permanent Disability, thirty 
(30) days after the Notice of Termination is given (provided that the 
Executive shall not have returned to the performance of his or her duties 
on a full-time basis during such period); (c) if the Executive’s employment 
is terminated pursuant to a termination for Cause, the date specified in 
the Notice of Termination; (d) if the Executive’s employment is terminated 
by a Change of Control Termination, the date specified in the Notice of 
Termination; and (e) if the Executive’s employment is terminated for any 
other reason, fifteen (15) days after delivery of the Notice of Termination 
unless otherwise agreed by the Executive and the Company.
 
1.08 “Disability” shall mean that the Executive is unable, by reason of 
injury, illness or other physical or mental impairment, to perform the 
essential functions of the position for which the Executive is employed, 
even with a reasonable accommodation, which inability is certified by a 
licensed physician reasonably selected by the Company.
 
1.09 “Exchange Act” shall mean the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as 
amended.
 
 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
1.10 “Good Reason” shall mean the occurrence of any of the following, 
without the Executive’s express written consent, within a Protected Period:
 
    (a) The assignment to the Executive of any positions, duties,
    responsibilities or status adversely inconsistent or diminutive, in
    comparison with, or having less authority than, the Executive’s
    positions, duties, responsibilities or status with the Company
    immediately prior to the Protected Period (including, without
    limitation, retaining such position, duties, responsibilities or status
    when the Company is not a publicly traded company or not the ultimate
    parent entity of the group or when the Company has consummated a
    transaction constituting a “Change of Control” under Section 1.04(b)
    above);
 
    (b) An alteration in the nature of the Executive’s reporting
    responsibilities, titles, or offices with the Company from those in
    effect immediately prior to the Protected Period (including, without
    limitation, retaining such reporting responsibilities, titles or
    offices with the Company when the Company is not a publicly traded
    company or not the ultimate parent entity of the group or when the
    Company has consummated a transaction constituting a “Change of
    Control” under Section 1.04(b) above);
 
    (c) Any removal of the Executive from, or any failure to reelect the
    Executive to, any such positions, except in connection with a
    termination of the employment of the Executive for Cause, Permanent
    Disability, or as a result of the Executive’s death;
 
    (d) A reduction by the Company in the Executive’s base salary or annual
    target bonus in effect immediately prior to the Protected Period;
 
    (e) Any breach by the Company of any provision of this Agreement;
 
    (f) The requirement by the Company that the Executive’s principal place
    of employment be relocated more than thirty (30) miles from his or her
    principal place of employment immediately prior to the Protected
    Period; or
 
    (g) The Company’s failure to obtain a satisfactory agreement from any
    successor to assume and agree to perform the Company’s obligations
    under this Agreement, as contemplated in Section 9.02(b) hereof.
 
1.11 “Notice of Termination” shall mean a written notice which shall 
indicate the termination provision(s) relied upon.
 
1.12 “Permanent Disability” shall mean if, as a result of the Executive’s 
Disability, the Executive shall have been absent from his or her duties 
with the Company on a full-time basis for a total of six (6) months of any 
consecutive eight (8) month period.
 
1.13 “Separation from Service” means the date upon which the Executive 
dies, retires, or otherwise has a termination of employment with the 
Company that constitutes a “separation from service” within the meaning of 
Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-1(h)(1), without regard to the optional 
alternative definitions available thereunder.  To the greatest extent 
permissible consistent with Section 409A, a Separation from Service shall 
include any termination of the employee-employer relationship between the 
Executive and the Company for any reason, voluntary or involuntary, with or 
without Cause, including, without limitation, a termination by reason of 
resignation (whether for Good Reason or otherwise), discharge (with or 
without Cause), Permanent Disability, death or retirement.
 
1.14 “Willful” shall mean not in good faith and without reasonable belief 
that an act or omission was in the best interest of the Company.
 
 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
2. Term.  This Agreement shall be effective until either mutually 
terminated by the parties or upon a termination of Executive’s employment 
that does not constitute a Change of Control Termination, subject to a 
maximum term of four (4) years from the Effective Date.
 
3. Vesting of Performance Shares Upon A Change Of Control.  For purposes of 
this Agreement, “Performance Shares” means any equity award (including 
without limitation stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted 
stock, and restricted stock units, whether payable in cash or stock), the 
vesting of which is contingent upon the attainment during a specified 
performance measuring period (the “Performance Period”) of pre-determined 
individual or Company goals (including without limitation performance goals 
based on financial indicators such as earnings per share, net income, 
revenue, or cash flows) (the “Performance Goals”).  Upon the occurrence of 
a Change of Control, for purposes of the Executive’s vesting in any 
Performance Shares granted to the Executive by the Company that are 
outstanding immediately prior to but have not vested as of the date of the 
Change of Control, the Executive shall be deemed to have met the 
Performance Goals as of the end of the Performance Period if the Executive 
remains an employee of the Company as of the end of the Performance Period. 
 Accordingly (subject to such continued employment and subject to earlier 
vesting as provided in Section 5.01(b)), (i) any Performance Shares which 
vest solely as a result of meeting the Performance Goals shall be deemed to 
be vested as of the end of the Performance Period, and (ii) any Performance 
Shares that do not vest solely by meeting the Performance Goals shall 
continue to vest in accordance with the terms of the applicable award 
agreement by assuming the Performance Goal is met.  (For example, if a 
Performance Share requires that a Performance Goal be met as well as that 
the Executive remain an employee of the Company for an additional service 
year after the Performance Period, the Performance Share will vest at the 
end of that service year if the Executive remains an employee through the 
end of that service year, and without regard to whether the Performance 
Goal was actually met.)
 
4. Termination of Employment of Executive.
 
4.01 Good Reason.  Notwithstanding anything contained in any employment 
agreement between the Executive and the Company to the contrary, during the 
term of this Agreement the Executive may terminate his or her employment 
with the Company for Good Reason and be entitled to the benefits set forth 
in Section 5, provided that the Executive gives written notice to the 
Administrator advising the Company of such resignation and the reason for 
such resignation within sixty (60) days after the time he or she becomes 
aware of the existence of facts or circumstances constituting Good Reason.
 
4.02 Notice of Termination.  Any termination of the Executive’s employment 
by the Company or by the Executive (other than termination based on the 
Executive’s death) following a Change of Control shall be communicated by 
the terminating party in a Notice of Termination to the other party hereto.
 
5. Compensation and Benefits Upon Termination of Employment.
 
5.01 Severance Benefits.  If there is a Change of Control Termination, then 
the Executive shall receive the following severance benefits.  The 
severance benefits set forth below shall be in addition to any amounts owed 
to Executive as earned but unpaid wages through the Date of Termination and 
accrued but unused vacation through the Date of Termination:
 
    (a) In lieu of any further severance payments to the Executive except
    as expressly contemplated hereunder, payment in cash as severance pay
    to the Executive an amount equal to two (2) times the sum of the
    Executive’s annual base salary plus annual target bonus in effect for
    the calendar year in which the Change of Control Termination occurs. 
    For purposes of this Agreement, base salary shall be defined as the
    greater of (x) the Executive’s base salary at the time of the Change of
    Control or (y) the Executive’s base salary at the time of the Change of
    Control Termination.  Such cash payments shall be payable in a single
    sum less required taxes within ten (10) business days following the
    Executive’s Separation from Service.
 
 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
    (b) Any stock options or other stock awards (which term includes
    without limitation stock appreciation rights, restricted stock,
    Performance Shares, and restricted stock units, whether payable in cash
    or stock for purposes of this Agreement) granted to the Executive by
    the Company that are outstanding immediately prior to but have not
    vested as of the date of the Change of Control Termination shall become
    100%  vested as of the date of the Change of Control Termination and
    any option or similar award may be exercised by the Executive for one
    (1) year (notwithstanding any term of the option providing for exercise
    within a shorter period after termination) following the Date of
    Termination (subject to the maximum term of the option (generally ten
    years from the date of grant of the option) and further subject to any
    right that the Company may have to terminate the options in connection
    with the Change of Control).
 
    (c) The Executive shall be deemed to have elected to continue medical
    coverage pursuant to the Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act
    (“COBRA”) (including, if applicable, coverage for the Executive’s
    eligible dependents).  The continuation coverage shall be the same as
    in effect immediately prior to the Date of Termination or reasonably
    equivalent coverage if the same coverage is not available. The Company
    will pay or reimburse the Executive for the premiums charged for
    continuation coverage.  The Company’s obligation to make any payment or
    reimbursement pursuant to this Section 5.01(c) shall commence with
    continuation coverage for the month following the month in which the
    Executive’s Separation from Service occurs and shall cease with
    continuation coverage for the eighteenth month following the month in
    which the Executive’s Separation from Service occurs (or, if earlier,
    shall cease upon the date the Executive becomes eligible for coverage
    under the health plan of a future employer).
 

 
    Following the end of the eighteen month period of COBRA coverage, the
    Company will (without any charge for premiums) continue to provide the
    same or reasonably equivalent medical coverage to the Executive (and,
    if applicable, the Executive’s eligible dependents) for an additional
    six (6) months (for a total of twenty-four (24) months of medical
    coverage); provided that the Company’s obligation to provide such
    coverage shall cease upon the date the Executive becomes eligible for
    coverage under the health plan of a future employer.
 
    (d) For a period of twelve (12) months following Executive’s Date of
    Termination, the Company shall, at the Company’s expense, provide for
    executive-level outplacement services to Executive, if requested, which
    shall include at least the following services: (i) resume assistance,
    (ii) career evaluation and assessment, (iii) individual career
    counseling, (iv) access to one or more on-line employment databases
    (with research assistance provided), and (v) administrative support
    provided Monday through Friday, except for scheduled holidays.
 
    (e) Limitation on Payments.  If upon or following a Change of Control
    the tax imposed by Section 4999 of the Code, or any similar or
    successor tax, (the “Excise Tax”) would apply absent this Section
    5.01(e), because of the Change of Control, to any payments, benefits
    and/or amounts received by Executive as severance benefits or
    otherwise, including, without limitation, any amounts received or
    deemed received, within the meaning of any provision of the Code, by
    Executive as a result of (and not by way of limitation) any automatic
    vesting, lapse of restrictions and/or accelerated target or performance
    achievement provisions, or otherwise, applicable to outstanding grants
    or awards to Executive under any of the Company’s equity incentive
    plans or agreements (collectively, the “Total Payments”), then
    Executive’s benefits under this Agreement shall be either (a) delivered
    in full, or (b) delivered as to such lesser extent which would result
    in no portion of such benefits being subject to the Excise Tax,
    whichever of the foregoing amounts, taking into account the applicable
    federal, state and local income taxes and the Excise Tax, results in
    the receipt by Executive on an after-tax basis, of the greatest amount
    of benefits, notwithstanding that all or some portion of such benefits
    may be taxable under Section 4999 of the Code.  Unless the Executive
    elects otherwise, the Company shall reduce or eliminate the Total
    Payments by first reducing or eliminating any cash severance benefits,
    then by reducing or eliminating any accelerated vesting of stock
    options, then by reducing or eliminating any accelerated vesting of
    other equity-based awards, then by reducing or eliminating any other
    remaining Total Payments.
 
    Any determination required under this section shall be made in writing
    by the Company’s independent public accountants (the “Accountants”),
    whose determination shall be conclusive and binding upon the Executive
    and the Company for all purposes.  For purposes of making the
    calculations required by this section, the Accountants may make
    reasonable assumptions and approximations concerning applicable taxes
    and may rely on reasonable, good faith interpretations concerning the
    application of Sections 280G and 4999 of the Code.  The Company and the
    Executive shall furnish to the Accountants such information and
    documents as the Accountants may reasonably request in order to make a
    determination under this section.  The Company shall bear all costs the
    Accountants may reasonably incur in connection with any calculations
    contemplated by this section.
 
 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
    (f) Specified Employees.  Notwithstanding any provision of this
    Agreement to the contrary, if the Executive is a “specified employee”
    within the meaning of Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-l(i) as of the
    date of the Executive’s Separation from Service, the Executive shall
    not be entitled to any payment or benefit (i) pursuant to Section
    5.01(a) or (ii) with respect to any restricted stock unit that vests
    pursuant to Section 5.01(b) until the earlier of (1) the date which is
    six (6) months after the Executive’s Separation from Service for any
    reason other than death, or (2) the date of the Executive’s death.  Any
    amounts otherwise payable to the Executive upon or in the six (6) month
    period following the Executive’s Separation from Service that are not
    so paid by reason of this Section 5.01(f) shall be paid (without
    interest) on the first business day after the date that is six (6)
    months after the Executive’s Separation from Service (or, if earlier,
    as soon as  practicable, and in all events within ten (10) business
    days, after the date of the Executive’s death).  The payment timing
    provisions of this Section 5.01(f) shall only apply if, and to the
    extent, required to avoid the imputation of any tax, penalty or
    interest pursuant to Section 409A of the Code.  It is the intent of the
    parties that this Section 5.01(f) shall not be construed to require or
    permit a delay in the payment or provision of any benefit or
    reimbursement under this Agreement other than (x) the payment under
    Section 5.01(a), and (y) the payment with respect to any restricted
    stock unit that vests pursuant to Section 5.01(b).  Without limiting
    the generality of the foregoing sentence, the parties intend that the
    equity vesting provided in Section 5.01(b) (other than with respect to
    restricted stock units) and the payment or provision of the benefits
    and reimbursements provided in Section 5.01(c) and Section 5.01(d)
    shall not be subject to the delay described in this Section 5.01(f).
 
    (g) Any payment or reimbursement of expenses required to be made to the
    Executive pursuant to Section 5.01(c) or Section 5.01(d) shall be made
    promptly, and if the Executive is required under the terms of the
    applicable plan or program to request such payment or reimbursement, no
    more than ten (10) business days following the date of such request. 
    In order to comply with Section 409A of the Code, to the extent that
    any payment or reimbursement of expenses made to the Executive pursuant
    to Section 5.01(c) or Section 5.01(d) is taxable to the Executive, any
    such payment or reimbursement shall be made to the Executive no later
    than the earlier of (i) the deadline set forth in the preceding
    sentence, or (ii) the last day of the Executive’s taxable year
    following the taxable year in which the related expense was incurred. 
    The foregoing sentence shall not be construed to require or permit a
    delay in any such payment or reimbursement.  The Executive’s right to
    any such payment or reimbursement or any benefit pursuant to Section
    5.01(c) or Section 5.01(d) is not subject to liquidation or exchange
    for another benefit and the amount of such benefits that the Executive
    receives in one taxable year shall not affect the amount of such
    benefits that the Executive receives in any other taxable year.
 
    (h) Immediately prior to the occurrence of a Change of Control, the
    Company shall fund, to the extent it has not done so, a sum equal to
    the present value on the date of the Change of Control of (i) any
    amounts that are or could reasonably be expected to become payable to
    the Executive under the provisions of Section 5.01(a) in the event of a
    Change of Control Termination of the Executive, (ii) an amount
    representing restricted stock units that could become vested under the
    provisions of Section 5.01(b) in the event of a Change of Control
    Termination of the Executive, and (iii) an amount representing a good
    faith estimate of expenses of the trust in the event that the Company
    does not timely pay such expenses. Such funding shall be made by
    establishing and irrevocably funding a trust for the benefit of the
    Executive.  The funding representing restricted stock units referred to
    in clause (ii) above shall (x) be in an amount equal to the
    consideration paid in the Change of Control for each share of the
    Company’s common stock times the number of shares represented by the
    Executive’s unvested restricted stock units, and (y) in the Company’s
    discretion, be deposited in the form of cash or the in-kind
    consideration paid in the Change of Control, or a combination thereof. 
    The trustee of such trust shall be instructed to pay out any such
    amounts as and to the extent such amounts become payable in accordance
    with the terms of this Agreement. Payments by the trust to the
    Executive shall, to the extent thereof, discharge the Company’s
    obligation to pay benefits under Sections 5.01(a) and 5.01(b).  The
    Company shall remain obligated to pay the Executive any benefits under
    this Agreement that are not paid to the Executive from the trust.  The
    trust shall be a grantor trust described in Section 671 of the Code.
    Assets of the trust shall be used only to provide the benefits under
    Sections 5.01(a) and 5.01(b), except that the assets of the trust shall
    be available to the Company’s creditors in the event of the Company’s
    insolvency.  The trust shall not terminate until the date on which all
    payments and benefits to be funded out of the trust have been satisfied
    and discharged in full.  Upon termination of the trust any assets
    remaining in the trust shall be returned to the Company. 
    Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company shall not fund the trust if,
    at the time such funding would otherwise have been required under this
    Section 5.01(h), regulations, rulings or other official guidance
    published by the Internal Revenue Service provide that such funding
    would reasonably be expected to result in a transfer of property under
    Code Section 409A(b)(2) (relating to restrictions on assets in
    connection with a change in an employer’s financial health).
 
 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
6. No Mitigation.  The Executive shall not be required to mitigate the 
amount of any payments provided for by this Agreement by seeking employment 
or otherwise, nor shall the amount of any cash payments or benefits 
provided under this Agreement be reduced by any compensation or benefits 
earned by the Executive after his or her Date of Termination.  
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Executive is entitled, by operation 
of any applicable law, to unemployment compensation benefits or benefits 
under the Worker Adjustment and Retraining Act of 1988 (known as the “WARN” 
Act) in connection with the termination of his or her employment in 
addition to amounts required to be paid to him or her under this Agreement, 
then to the extent permitted by applicable statutory law governing 
severance payments or notice of termination of employment, the Company 
shall be entitled to offset the amounts payable hereunder by the amounts of 
any such statutorily mandated payments.
 
7. Limitation on Rights.
 
7.01 No Employment Contract.  This Agreement shall not be deemed to create 
a contract of employment between the Company and the Executive and shall 
not create any right in the Executive to continue in the Company’s 
employment for any specific period of time.  This Agreement shall not 
restrict the right of the Company to terminate the employment of Executive 
for any reason, or no reason at all, or restrict the right of the Executive 
to terminate his or her employment.
 
7.02 No Other Exclusions.  This Agreement shall not be construed to exclude 
the Executive from participation in any other compensation or benefit 
programs in which he or she is specifically eligible to participate either 
prior to or following the Effective Date of this Agreement, or any such 
programs that generally are available to other executive personnel of the 
Company.
 
8. Dispute Resolution.
 
8.01 Arbitration.  Any controversy arising out of or relating to this 
Agreement, its enforcement, arbitrability or interpretation, or because of 
an alleged breach, default, or misrepresentation in connection with any of 
its provisions, or any other controversy arising out of or relating in any 
way to the subject matter contained herein, shall be submitted to final and 
binding arbitration.  Any arbitration hereunder shall be in Santa Clara 
County, California before a sole arbitrator selected from Judicial 
Arbitration and Mediation Services, Inc., or its successor (“JAMS”), or if 
JAMS is no longer able to supply the arbitrator, such arbitrator shall be 
selected from the American Arbitration Association, and shall be conducted 
in accordance with the provisions of California Code of Civil Procedure §§ 
1280 et seq. as the exclusive forum for the resolution of such dispute.  
Pursuant to California Code of Civil Procedure § 1281.8, provisional 
injunctive relief may, but need not, be sought by either party to this 
Agreement in a court of law while arbitration proceedings are pending, and 
any provisional injunctive relief granted by such court shall remain 
effective until the matter is finally determined by the Arbitrator.  Final 
resolution of any dispute through arbitration may include any remedy or 
relief which the Arbitrator deems just and equitable, including any and all 
remedies provided by applicable state or federal statutes.  At the 
conclusion of the arbitration, the Arbitrator shall issue a written 
decision that sets forth the essential findings and conclusions upon which 
the Arbitrator’s award or decision is based.  Any award or relief granted 
by the Arbitrator hereunder shall be final and binding on the parties 
hereto and may be enforced by any court of competent jurisdiction.  The 
parties acknowledge and agree that they are hereby waiving any rights to 
trial by jury in any action, proceeding or counterclaim brought by either 
of the parties against the other in connection with any matter whatsoever 
arising out of or in any way connected with this Agreement or the subject 
matter contained herein.  The parties further agree that in any proceeding 
to enforce the terms of this Agreement, the nonprevailing party shall pay 
(1) the prevailing party’s reasonable attorneys’ fees and costs incurred in 
connection with resolution of the dispute in addition to any other relief 
granted, and (2) all costs of the arbitration, including, but not limited 
to, the arbitrator’s fees, court reporter fees, and any and all other 
administrative costs of the arbitration, and that the nonprevailing party 
promptly shall reimburse the prevailing party for any portion of such costs 
previously paid by the prevailing party.  The arbitrator shall resolve any 
dispute as to the reasonableness of any fee or cost.
 
9. Miscellaneous.
 
9.01 Administration.  The Administrator shall administer this Agreement and 
the benefits provided for herein.
 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
9.02 Assignment and Binding Effect.
 
    (a) No right or interest to or in this Agreement, or any payment or
    benefit to the Executive under this Agreement shall be assignable by
    the Executive except by will or the laws of descent and distribution. 
    No right, benefit or interest of the Executive hereunder shall be
    subject to anticipation, alienation, sale, assignment, encumbrance,
    charge, pledge, hypothecation or set off in respect of any claim, debt
    or obligation, or to execution, attachment, levy or similar process or
    assignment by operation of law.  Any attempt, voluntarily or
    involuntarily, to effect any action specified in the immediately
    preceding sentences shall, to the full extent permitted by law, be
    null, void and of no effect; provided, however, that this provision
    shall not preclude the Executive from designating one or more
    beneficiaries to receive any amount that may be payable to the
    Executive under this Agreement after his or her death and shall not
    preclude the legal representatives of the Executive’s estate from
    assigning any right hereunder to the person or persons entitled thereto
    under his or her will, or, in the case of intestacy, to the person or
    persons entitled thereto under the laws of intestacy applicable to his
    or her estate.  However, this Agreement shall be assignable by the
    Company to, binding upon and inure to the benefit of any successor of
    the Company, and any successor shall be deemed substituted for the
    Company upon the terms and subject to the conditions hereof.
 
    (b) The Company will require any successor (whether by purchase of
    assets, merger, consolidation or otherwise) to all or substantially all
    of the business and/or assets of the Company to expressly assume and
    agree to perform all of the obligations of the Company under this
    Agreement (including the obligation to cause any subsequent successor
    to also assume the obligations of this Agreement) unless such
    assumption occurs by operation of law.
 
9.03 No Waiver.  No waiver of any term, provision or condition of this 
Agreement, whether by conduct or otherwise, in any one or more instances 
shall be deemed or construed as a further or continuing waiver of any such 
term, provision or condition or as a waiver of any other term, provision or 
condition of this Agreement.  Without limiting the generality of the 
foregoing, the failure by Executive to exercise his or her right to 
terminate his or her employment for Good Reason under Section 4.01 above 
shall not operate as a waiver by Executive of his or her right to terminate 
for Good Reason based upon any subsequent act or omission of the Company 
that constitutes Good Reason.
 
9.04 Rules of Construction.
 
    (a) This Agreement has been executed in, and shall be governed by and
    construed in accordance with the laws of the State of California
    without regard to the principles of conflict of laws.
 
    (b) Captions contained in this Agreement are for convenience of
    reference only and shall not be considered or referred to in resolving
    questions of interpretation with respect to this Agreement.
 
    (c) If any provision of this Agreement is held to be illegal, invalid
    or unenforceable under any present or future law, and if the rights or
    obligations of any party hereto will not be materially or adversely
    affected thereby, (i) such provision will be fully severable, (ii) this
    Agreement will be construed and enforced as if such illegal, invalid or
    unenforceable provision had never comprised a part hereof, (iii) the
    remaining provisions of this Agreement will remain in full force and
    effect and will not be affected by the illegal, invalid or
    unenforceable provision or by its severance herefrom and (iv) in lieu
    of such illegal, invalid or unenforceable provision, there will be
    added automatically as a part of this Agreement a legal, valid and
    enforceable provision as similar in terms to such illegal, invalid or
    unenforceable provision as may be possible.
 
    (d) Each party has cooperated in the drafting and preparation of this
    Agreement.  Hence, in any construction to be made of this Agreement,
    the same shall not be construed against any party on the basis that the
    party was the drafter.
 
    (e) It is intended that any amounts payable under this Agreement shall
    either be exempt from or comply with Section 409A of the Code
    (including the Treasury regulations and other published guidance
    relating thereto) so as not to subject the Executive to payment of any
    additional tax, penalty or interest imposed under Section 409A. The
    provisions of this Agreement shall be construed and interpreted to
    avoid the imputation of any such additional tax, penalty or interest
    under Section 409A yet preserve (to the nearest extent reasonably
    possible) the intended benefit payable to the Executive. The Executive
    shall be solely responsible for his or her own tax liability with
    respect to payment made or benefits provided pursuant to this
    Agreement. Notwithstanding anything else contained herein to the
    contrary, nothing in this Agreement is intended to constitute, nor does
    it constitute, tax advice, and in all cases, the Executive should
    obtain and rely solely on the tax advice provided by the Executive’s
    own independent tax advisors (and not the Company, any of the Company’s
    affiliates, or any officer, employee or agent of the Company or any of
    its affiliates).
 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
9.05 Notices.  Any notice required or permitted by this Agreement shall be 
in writing, delivered by hand or sent by registered or certified mail, 
return receipt requested, postage prepaid, or by a nationally recognized 
courier service (regularly providing proof of delivery) or by facsimile or 
telecopy, addressed to the Board and the Company and, if other than the 
Board, the Administrator, at the Company’s then principal office, or to the 
Executive at the address set forth in the records of the Company, as the 
case may be, or to such other address or addresses the Company or the 
Executive may from time to time specify in writing.  Notices shall be 
deemed given:  (i) when delivered if delivered personally (including by 
courier); (ii) on the third day after mailing, if mailed, postage prepaid, 
by registered or certified mail (return receipt requested); (iii) on the 
day after mailing if sent by a nationally recognized overnight delivery 
service which maintains records of the time, place, and recipient of 
delivery; and (iv) upon receipt of a confirmed transmission, if sent by 
telecopy or facsimile transmission.
 
9.06 Modification.  This Agreement may be modified only by an instrument in 
writing signed by the Executive and an authorized representative of the 
Company.
 
9.07 Entire Agreement.  This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement 
between the Company and the Executive concerning the subject matter hereof, 
and supersedes all other agreements, whether written or oral, with respect 
to such subject matter (including, but not limited to, the Superseded 
Agreement).  This is an integrated agreement.
 
9.08 Counterparts.  This Agreement may be executed in counterparts, and 
each counterpart, when executed, shall have the efficacy of a signed 
original.  Photographic copies of such signed counterparts may be used in 
lieu of the originals for any purpose.
 
9.09 Good Faith Determinations.  No member of the Board shall be liable, 
with respect to this Agreement, for any act, whether of commission or 
omission, taken by any other member of the Board or by any officer, agent, 
or employee of the Company, nor, excepting circumstances involving his or 
her own bad faith, for anything done or omitted to be done by himself or 
herself.  The Company shall indemnify and hold harmless each member of the 
Board from and against any liability or expense hereunder, except in the 
case of such member’s own bad faith.
 
 
 
 
 SANDISK CORPORATION, a Delaware corporation 	  	 EXECUTIVE 	 
  	  	  	  	 
 By: 	/s/ Irwin Federman 	  	/s/ Sanjay Mehrotra 	 
 Name: 	 Irwin Federman 	  	
Sanjay Mehrotra
 
 Title: 	Vice Chairman 	  	  	 
 Date: 	7/28/10 	  	 Date: 	 7/23/10 	 
  	  	  	  	 
  	  	  	  	 
 

 
 
                                                                          

 
                                                                    
 
  
                                                                            
 

