 EX-10.6 73 v201923_ex10-6.htm
ESCROW DEPOSIT AGREEMENT
 
This ESCROW DEPOSIT AGREEMENT (this “Agreement”) dated as of this 14th day 
of April, 2010, by and among B6 Sigma, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the “
Company”), having an address 41B Bisbee Court, Unit 4B, Santa Fe, New 
Mexico and SIGNATURE BANK (the “Escrow Agent”), a New York State chartered 
bank, having an office at 950 Third Ave 9th New York, NY  10022-2705.  All 
capitalized terms not herein defined shall have the meaning ascribed to 
them in that certain Confidential Private Placement Memorandum, dated April 
12, 2010, as amended or supplemented from time-to-time, including all 
attachments, schedules and exhibits thereto (the “Memorandum”).
 
WITNESSETH:
 
WHEREAS, pursuant to the terms of the Memorandum the Company desires to 
sell (the “Offering”) a minimum of 50,000 (“Minimum Amount”) of $.001 par 
value common stock (“Shares”) in the amount of $1,000,000 (“Minimum 
Amount”) and a maximum of 125,000 of such shares in the amount of 
$2,500,000 (“Maximum Amount”). Each Share is being sold at a price of $20 
per Share, with a minimum investment of $25,000 (which minimum investment 
may be waived by Company); and
 
WHEREAS, unless the Minimum Amount is sold by May 31, 2010 (the 
“Termination Date”), the Offering shall terminate and all funds shall be 
returned to the subscribers in the Offering; and
 
WHEREAS, the Company desires to establish an escrow account with the Escrow 
Agent into which the Company shall instruct subscribers (the “Subscribers
”) to deposit checks and other instruments for the payment of money made 
payable to the order of “Signature Bank as Escrow Agent for B6 Sigma, 
Inc.,” and Escrow Agent is willing to accept said checks and other 
instruments for the payment of money in accordance with the terms 
hereinafter set forth; and
 
WHEREAS, the Company represents and warrants to the Escrow Agent that it 
has not stated to any individual or entity that the Escrow Agent’s duties 
will include anything other than those duties stated in this Agreement; and
 
WHEREAS, the Company warrants to the Escrow Agent that a copy of each 
document that has been delivered to Subscribers and third parties that 
include Escrow Agent’s name and duties, has been attached hereto as 
Schedule I.
 
NOW, THEREFORE, IT IS AGREED as follows:
 
1.            Delivery of Escrow Funds.
 
(a) The Company shall instruct Subscribers to deliver to Escrow Agent 
checks made payable to the order of “Signature Bank, as Escrow Agent for B6 
Sigma, Inc.,” or wire transfer to Signature Bank 950 Third Ave 9th New 
York, NY  10022-2705, ABA No. 026013576 for credit to Signature Bank, as 
Escrow Agent for B6 Sigma, Inc., Account No. _____________, in each case, 
with the name, address and social security number or taxpayer 
identification number of the individual or entity making payment.  In the 
event any Subscriber’s address and/or social security number or taxpayer 
identification number are not provided to Escrow Agent by the Subscriber, 
then Placement Agent and/or the Company agree to promptly provide Escrow 
Agent with such information in writing.  The checks or wire transfers shall 
be deposited into a non interest-bearing account at Signature Bank entitled 
“Signature Bank, as Escrow Agent for B6 Sigma, Inc.” (the “Escrow Account
”).
 
 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

(b)           The collected funds deposited into the Escrow Account are 
referred to as the “Escrow Funds.”
 
(c)           The Escrow Agent shall have no duty or responsibility to 
enforce the collection or demand payment of any funds deposited into the 
Escrow Account.  If, for any reason, any check deposited into the Escrow 
Account shall be returned unpaid to the Escrow Agent, the sole duty of the 
Escrow Agent shall be to return the check to the Subscriber and advise the 
Company promptly thereof.
 
2.            Release of Escrow Funds.  The Escrow Funds shall be paid by 
the Escrow Agent in accordance with the following:
 
(a)           In the event that the Company advises the Escrow Agent in 
writing that the Offering has been terminated (the “Termination Notice”), 
the Escrow Agent shall promptly return the funds paid by each Subscriber to 
said Subscriber without interest or offset.
 
(b) If prior to 3:00 P.M. Eastern time on the Termination Date, the Escrow 
Agent receives written notice, in the form of Exhibit A, attached hereto 
and made a part hereof, and signed by the Company, stating that the 
Termination Date has been extended to the Final Termination Date 
(“Extension Notice”), then the Termination Date shall be so extended.
 
(c) Provided that the Escrow Agent does not receive the Termination Notice 
in accordance with paragraph 2(a) and there is the Minimum Amount deposited 
into the Escrow Account on or prior to later of the Termination Date or  
the date stated in the Extension Notice, if any, received by the Escrow 
Agent in accordance with paragraph 2(b) above, the Escrow Agent shall, upon 
receipt of written instructions, in the form of Exhibit B, attached hereto 
and made a part hereof, or in a form and substance satisfactory to the 
Escrow Agent, received from the Company, pay the Escrow Funds in accordance 
with such written instructions, such payment or payments to be made by wire 
transfer within one (1) Business Day of receipt of such written 
instructions.  Such instructions must be received by the Escrow Agent no 
later than 3:00 PM Eastern Time on a Business Day for the Escrow Agent to 
process such instructions that Business Day.
 
(d)           If by 3:00 P.M. Eastern time on the later of the Termination 
Date or the date stated in the Extension Notice, if any, that the Escrow 
Agent has received in accordance with paragraph 2(b) above, the Escrow 
Agent has not received written instructions from the Company regarding the 
disbursement of the Escrow Funds or the total amount of the Escrow Funds is 
less than the Minimum Amount, then the Escrow Agent shall promptly return 
the Escrow Funds to the Subscribers without interest or offset.  The Escrow 
Funds returned to each Subscriber shall be free and clear of any and all 
claims of the Escrow Agent.
 
 
2
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
(e)           The Escrow Agent shall not be required to pay any uncollected 
funds or any funds that are not available for withdrawal.
 
(f)           If the Termination Date, Final Termination Date or any date 
that is a deadline under this Agreement for giving the Escrow Agent notice 
or instructions or for the Escrow Agent to take action is not a Business 
Day, then such date shall be the Business Day that immediately preceding 
that date. A Business Day is any day other than a Saturday, Sunday or a 
Bank holiday.
 
3.            Acceptance by Escrow Agent.  The Escrow Agent hereby accepts 
and agrees to perform its obligations hereunder, provided that:
 
(a)           The Escrow Agent may act in reliance upon any signature 
believed by it to be genuine, and may assume that any person who has been 
designated by the Company to give any written instructions, notice or 
receipt, or make any statements in connection with the provisions hereof 
has been duly authorized to do so.  Escrow Agent shall have no duty to make 
inquiry as to the genuineness, accuracy or validity of any statements or 
instructions or any signatures on statements or instructions.  The names 
and true signatures of each individual authorized to act singly on behalf 
of the Company are stated in Schedule II, which is attached hereto and made 
a part hereof. The Company may each remove or add one or more of its 
authorized signers stated on Schedule II by notifying the Escrow Agent of 
such change in accordance with this Agreement, which notice shall include 
the true signature for any new authorized signatories.
 
(b)           The Escrow Agent may act relative hereto in reliance upon 
advice of counsel in reference to any matter connected herewith.  The 
Escrow Agent shall not be liable for any mistake of fact or error of 
judgment or law, or for any acts or omissions of any kind, unless caused by 
its willful misconduct or gross negligence.
 
(c)           The Company agrees to indemnify and hold the Escrow Agent 
harmless from and against any and all claims, losses, costs, liabilities, 
damages, suits, demands, judgments or expenses (including but not limited 
to reasonable attorney’s fees) claimed against or incurred by Escrow Agent 
arising out of or related, directly or indirectly, to this Escrow Agreement 
unless caused by the Escrow Agent’s gross negligence or willful misconduct
 
(d)           In the event that the Escrow Agent shall be uncertain as to 
its duties or rights hereunder, the Escrow Agent shall be entitled to (i) 
refrain from taking any action other than to keep safely the Escrow Funds 
until it shall be directed otherwise by a court of competent jurisdiction, 
or (ii) deliver the Escrow Funds to a court of competent jurisdiction.
 
 
3
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

(e)           The Escrow Agent shall have no duty, responsibility or 
obligation to interpret or enforce the terms of any agreement other than 
Escrow Agent’s obligations hereunder, and the Escrow Agent shall not be 
required to make a request that any monies be delivered to the Escrow 
Account, it being agreed that the sole duties and responsibilities of the 
Escrow Agent shall be to the extent not prohibited by applicable law (i) to 
accept checks or other instruments for the payment of money and wire 
transfers delivered to the Escrow Agent for the Escrow Account and deposit 
said checks and wire transfers into the non-interest bearing Escrow 
Account, and (ii) to disburse or refrain from disbursing the Escrow Funds 
as stated above, provided that the checks received by the Escrow Agent have 
been collected and are available for withdrawal.
 
4.           Escrow Account Statements and Information. The Escrow Agent 
agrees to send to the Company a copy of the Escrow Account periodic 
statement, upon request in accordance with the Escrow Agent’s regular 
practices for providing account statements to its non-escrow clients and to 
also provide the Company, or its designee, upon request other deposit 
account information, including Account balances, by telephone or by 
computer communication, to the extent practicable. The Company agrees to 
complete and sign all forms or agreement required by the Escrow Agent for 
that purpose. The Company consents to the Escrow Agent’s release of such 
Account information to any of the individuals designated by Company, which 
designation has been signed in accordance with paragraph 3(a) by any of the 
persons in Schedule II.  The Escrow Agent’s liability for failure to comply 
with this section shall not exceed the cost of providing such information.
 
5.           Resignation and Termination of the Escrow Agent.  The Escrow 
Agent may resign at any time by giving 30 days’ prior written notice of 
such resignation to the Company.  Upon providing such notice, the Escrow 
Agent shall have no further obligation hereunder except to hold as 
depositary the Escrow Funds that it receives until the end of such 30-day 
period.  In such event, the Escrow Agent shall not take any action, other 
than receiving and depositing Subscribers checks and wire transfers in 
accordance with this Agreement, until the Company has designated a banking 
corporation, trust company, attorney or other person as successor.  Upon 
receipt of such written designation signed by the Company, the Escrow Agent 
shall promptly deliver the Escrow Funds to such successor and shall 
thereafter have no further obligations hereunder.  If such instructions are 
not received within 30 days following the effective date of such 
resignation, then the Escrow Agent may deposit the Escrow Funds held by it 
pursuant to this Agreement with a clerk of a court of competent 
jurisdiction pending the appointment of a successor.  In either case 
provided for in this paragraph, the Escrow Agent shall be relieved of all 
further obligations and released from all liability thereafter arising with 
respect to the Escrow Funds.
 
6.           Termination.  The Company may terminate the appointment of the 
Escrow Agent hereunder upon written notice specifying the date upon which 
such termination shall take effect, which date shall be at least 30 days 
from the date of such notice.  In the event of such termination, the 
Company shall, within 30 days of such notice, appoint a successor escrow 
agent and the Escrow Agent shall, upon receipt of written instructions 
signed by the Company, turn over to such successor escrow agent all of the 
Escrow Funds; provided, however, that if the Company fails to appoint a 
successor escrow agent within such 30-day period, such termination notice 
shall be null and void and the Escrow Agent shall continue to be bound by 
all of the provisions hereof.  Upon receipt of the Escrow Funds, the 
successor escrow agent shall become the escrow agent hereunder and shall be 
bound by all of the provisions hereof and Signature Bank shall be relieved 
of all further obligations and released from all liability thereafter 
arising with respect to the Escrow Funds and under this Agreement.
 
 
4
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
7.                     Investment.  All funds received by the Escrow Agent 
shall be invested only in non-interest bearing bank accounts at Signature 
Bank.
 
8.                     Compensation.  Escrow Agent shall be entitled, for 
the duties to be performed by it hereunder, to a fee of $2,500, which fee 
shall be paid by the Company upon the signing of this Agreement. In 
addition, the Company shall be obligated to reimburse Escrow Agent for all 
fees, costs and expenses incurred or that become due in connection with 
this Agreement or the Escrow Account, including reasonable attorney’s fees. 
 Neither the modification, cancellation, termination or rescission of this 
Agreement nor the resignation or termination of the Escrow Agent shall 
affect the right of Escrow Agent to retain the amount of any fee which has 
been paid, or to be reimbursed or paid any amount which has been incurred 
or becomes due, prior to the effective date of any such modification, 
cancellation, termination, resignation or rescission.  To the extent the 
Escrow Agent has incurred any such expenses, or any such fee becomes due, 
prior to any closing, the Escrow Agent shall advise the Company and the 
Company shall direct all such amounts to be paid directly at any such 
closing.
 
9.                     Notices.  All notices, requests, demands and other 
communications required or permitted to be given hereunder shall be in 
writing and shall be deemed to have been duly given if sent by 
hand-delivery, by facsimile (followed by first-class mail), by nationally 
recognized overnight courier service or by prepaid registered or certified 
mail, return receipt requested, to the addresses set forth below:
 
If to the Company:
 
      41B Bisbee Court, Unit 4B
      Santa Fe, New Mexico
      Attention: Richard Mah
 
If to Escrow Agent:
 
      Signature Bank
      950 Third Ave 9th
      New York, NY  10022-2705
      Attention: [name & title of Group Director]
      Fax: [Private Client Group’s fax number]
 
 
5
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
10.                         General.
 
(a)           This Agreement shall be governed by and construed and 
enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of New York applicable to 
agreements made and to be entirely performed within such State, without 
regard to choice of law principles and any action brought hereunder shall 
be brought in the courts of the State of New York, located in the County of 
New York.  Each party hereto irrevocably waives any objection on the 
grounds of venue, forum nonconveniens or any similar grounds and 
irrevocably consents to service of process by mail or in any manner 
permitted by applicable law and consents to the jurisdiction of said 
courts.  Each of the parties hereto hereby waives all right to trial by 
jury in any action, proceeding or counterclaim arising out of the 
transactions contemplated by this Agreement.
 
(b)           This Agreement sets forth the entire agreement and 
understanding of the parties with respect to the matters contained herein 
and supersedes all prior agreements, arrangements and understandings 
relating thereto.
 
(c)           All of the terms and conditions of this Agreement shall be 
binding upon, and inure to the benefit of and be enforceable by, the 
parties hereto, as well as their respective successors and assigns.
 
(d)           This Agreement may be amended, modified, superseded or 
canceled, and any of the terms or conditions hereof may be waived, only by 
a written instrument executed by each party hereto or, in the case of a 
waiver, by the party waiving compliance.  The failure of any party at any 
time or times to require performance of any provision hereof shall in no 
manner affect its right at a later time to enforce the same.  No waiver of 
any party of any condition, or of the breach of any term contained in this 
Agreement, whether by conduct or otherwise, in any one or more instances 
shall be deemed to be or construed as a further or continuing waiver of any 
such condition or breach or a waiver of any other condition or of the 
breach of any other term of this Agreement.  No party may assign any 
rights, duties or obligations hereunder unless all other parties have given 
their prior written consent.
 
(e)           If any provision included in this Agreement proves to be 
invalid or unenforceable, it shall not affect the validity of the remaining 
provisions.
 
(f)           This Agreement and any modification or amendment of this 
Agreement may be executed in several counterparts or by separate 
instruments and all of such counterparts and instruments shall constitute 
one agreement, binding on all of the parties hereto.
 
11.                         Form of Signature. The parties hereto agree to 
accept a facsimile transmission copy of their respective actual signatures 
as evidence of their actual signatures to this Agreement and any 
modification or amendment of this Agreement; provided, however, that each 
party who produces a facsimile signature agrees, by the express terms 
hereof, to place, promptly after transmission of his or her signature by 
fax, a true and correct original copy of his or her signature in overnight 
mail to the address of the other party.
 
 
6
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have duly executed this Agreement as of the 
date first set forth above.
 
  	
B6 SIGMA, INC.
  	 
By:
 
  	
Name: Richard Mah
  	
Title:   CEO
  	 
SIGNATURE BANK
 
By:
 
  	
Name:
  	
Title:
  	 
By:
 
  	
Name:
  	
Title:
 
 
7
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

Schedule I
OFFERING DOCUMENTS

 
8
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

Schedule II
 
The Escrow Agent is authorized to accept instructions signed or believed by 
the Escrow Agent to be signed by any one of the following on behalf of the 
Company.
 
      B6 Sigma, Inc.
        	 
        	  	 
      Name
        	
      True Signature
        	  	 
        Richard Mah
        	
       
 
 
9
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
Exhibit B

FORM OF ESCROW RELEASE NOTICE

Date:

Signature Bank
[address of financial center]
______________
Attention: [name & title of Group Director]

Dear _________:

In accordance with the terms of paragraph 2(c) of an Escrow Deposit 
Agreement dated as of ________ __, 2009 (the "Escrow Agreement"), by and 
between B6 Sigma, Inc. (the "Company") and Signature Bank (the "Escrow 
Agent"), the Company hereby notifie the Escrow Agent that the ________ 
closing will be held on ___________ for gross proceeds of $_________.
 
PLEASE DISTRIBUTE FUNDS BY WIRE TRANSFER AS FOLLOWS (wire instructions 
attached):
 
________________________:
$
  	 
________________________:
$
  	 
________________________:
$

Very truly yours,

[insert Company’s full legal name]
By:
 
Name:
 
Title:
 
 
 
10
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

