 EX-10.1 2 dp19848_ex1001.htm EXHIBIT 10.1
 
Exhibit 10.1
 

October 27, 2010
 

 
Gregg Clevenger
[ADDRESS]
 

Dear Gregg:

I am pleased to extend you an offer of employment with GXS as a key member 
of the leadership team.  The employment terms in this letter supersede any 
other agreements or promises made to you by anyone, whether verbally or 
written.

Position
You will be joining us as Executive Vice President & CFO reporting directly 
to me.  The position will be located in Gaithersburg, Maryland.

Compensation
Your starting salary will be, and remain at an amount no less than $350,000 
per year with a target annual bonus of $150,000.  For 2010 your bonus will 
be calculated pro-rata based on your start date through December 31, 2010. 
Payment of the bonus will be subject to the terms of the GXS Management 
Bonus Plan, a copy of which is enclosed and payments will be paid to you no 
later than the 15th of March following the calendar year in which the bonus 
was earned.    Please note that the quotation of an annual rate of pay is 
merely for convenience and does not imply that your employment is for a 
year or any fixed period.

Stock-Based Compensation
Ownership is a cornerstone principle of GXS’ reward strategy.  The 
Compensation Committee of our Board of Directors has approved for you to 
receive 1,000,000 options with an exercise price of $1.26 per share.  
Please understand that the actual value that you realize from your options 
may vary greatly, based on the performance of GXS.  We have designed the 
program with the intent to provide significant upside potential if GXS is 
successful.  All terms related to the stock options are subject to the 
provisions of the GXS Group, Inc. Stock Incentive Plan and the Option 
Agreement which are enclosed.
 
Benefits
In addition to your compensation package you will be eligible for employee 
benefits (including vacation, medical, dental, vision, accident and 
disability insurance, 401(k) plans) in accordance with the terms of GXS’ 
benefit plans, as they may be modified in GXS’ discretion from time to 
time.  You will be entitled to 4 weeks of vacation per year in accordance 
with the terms of GXS’ vacation plan.

Non-Competition and Non-Solicitation
You will acquire detailed knowledge of the GXS business and have access to 
proprietary, confidential business information of GXS, such that your 
subsequent use of such information and/or employment with a competitor of 
GXS could cause serious and irreparable competitive harm to GXS.  
Therefore, in consideration of your employment with GXS, and as a condition 
of that employment, you agree that for a period of twelve (12) months 
immediately following the
 
 
1
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
termination of your employment with GXS (regardless of the reason for the 
termination) you will not, without the prior written consent of GXS SVP & 
Chief Human Resources Officer;

(i) directly or indirectly, either as owner, principal, officer, agent, 
director, employee, consultant, or independent contractor, within any 
geographic region in which GXS conducts business, provide services to IBM, 
or EasyLink Services in connection with any business or other enterprise 
relating to software tools, solutions, or services used to conduct 
electronic commerce among companies, in a manner which may compete against 
any products or services offered or sold by GXS.
 
(ii)  divert or otherwise take away any customer of GXS with which you had 
contact during the twelve (12) months prior to the termination of your 
employment with GXS, or call upon any such customer to solicit business 
relating to software tools, solutions, or services used to conduct 
electronic commerce among companies.
 
(iii)  directly or indirectly solicit, induce, or encourage any person who 
is an employee of GXS to terminate his/her relationship with GXS, or 
directly or indirectly hire or cause to be hired any person who is an 
employee of GXS.
 
Termination
Depending upon the reason for your employment with GXS ending, you will be 
covered by one of the following:

(1)
Cause or Voluntarily Quit

If your employment terminates because you voluntarily quit or because GXS 
terminates you for “cause”, you will not be entitled to any additional 
compensation.  “Cause” shall include, but not be limited to: willful or 
unreasonable neglect of your job duties, committing fraud, misappropriation 
or embezzlement; dishonesty; insubordination; being convicted of a felony; 
willful unauthorized disclosure of GXS confidential information; and 
willfully or unreasonably engaging in conduct materially injurious to GXS.

(2)
Termination Without Cause

If you are terminated without “cause” you will receive, as severance, 
continuation of your then current salary and medical benefits for one year 
and a pro-rata portion of your most recent annual bonus payment.  This 
payment will be subject to your signing GXS’ standard termination 
agreement, which will include a complete release for the benefit of GXS.

In the event of a Change of Control (as defined in the GXS Group, Inc. 
Stock Incentive Plan) and you are not offered a position comparable to your 
position as Executive Vice President, & CFO for GXS following the Change in 
Control and you terminate your employment with GXS, or its successor, as a 
result then such termination will be deemed to be a Termination Without 
Cause.  In this circumstance you will receive an additional one-year of 
accelerated vesting.  This additional year would be incremental to the 
standard one-year acceleration under a normal change of control event, 
bringing the total to two years of acceleration.

In the event of any termination of your employment, you will be required to 
reimburse GXS for any outstanding monies owed to GXS that have not been 
repaid by the time employment is terminated.  Acceptance of this letter 
will be your authorization to permit GXS, to the extent permitted by law, 
to deduct and offset any payments, including payment for salary, bonus, 
expenses, or vacation pay, otherwise owed to you upon termination of 
employment.
 
 
2
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
Compliance with Section 409A
To the extent that Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code (“Code”) 
applies to any payment or election required under this letter, such payment 
or election shall be made in conformance with the provisions of Section 
409A of the Code.  Certain provisions of this Agreement are intended to 
constitute a separation pay arrangement that does not provide for the 
deferral of compensation subject to Section 409A of the Code and, if any 
such provision is subject to more than one interpretation or construction, 
such ambiguity shall be resolved in favor of that interpretation or 
construction which is consistent with such provisions not being subject to 
the provisions of Section 409A.  The remaining provisions of this Agreement 
are intended to comply with the provisions of Section 409A of the Code (to 
the extent applicable) and, to the extent that Section 409A applies to any 
provision of this Agreement and such provision is subject to more than one 
interpretation or construction, such ambiguity shall be resolved in favor 
of that interpretation or construction which is consistent with the 
provision complying with the applicable provisions of Section 409A of the 
Code (including, but not limited to the requirement that any payment made 
on account of your separation from service (within the meaning of Section 
409A(a)(2)(A)(i) of the Code and the regulations issued thereunder) 
(“Separation from Service”), shall not, if you are a Specified Employee 
(within the meaning of Section 409A(a)(2)(B)(i) of the Code and the 
regulations issued thereunder), be made earlier than the first business day 
of the seventh month following your Separation from Service, or if earlier 
the date of your death).  Any payment that is delayed in accordance with 
the foregoing sentence shall be made on the first business day following 
the expiration of such six (6) month period.

Confidentiality/Integrity
This offer is made in the strictest confidence.  You are required to 
maintain the confidentiality of the information contained in this offer and 
any proprietary information you received from GXS in consideration of this 
offer.  Failure to comply will result in the offer being summarily 
withdrawn.

GXS’ most valuable asset is its worldwide reputation for integrity and high 
standards of business conduct.  Accordingly, please review the Code of 
Conduct and policies included within the enclosed Compliance Guide and 
complete the acknowledgement of your personal commitment to comply with the 
code and policies.  The completion of the acknowledgement is a condition of 
employment.  Furthermore, in making this offer of employment, we have no 
intention of interfering with any continuing obligation regarding trade 
secrets and confidential information that you may have with any prior 
employer and we expect that you will be able to perform the 
responsibilities of your position with GXS without violating any 
confidentiality obligation owed to any other party.  In this connection, 
you will also be required to sign the enclosed “Proprietary Information and 
Inventions Agreement” as a condition of employment with GXS.

Dispute Resolution
You agree to be bound by all the terms and conditions of the GXS Dispute 
Resolution Program.  Notwithstanding any term of the Dispute Resolution 
Program to the contrary, you agree that the substantive law of Maryland 
(and the federal judicial circuit with jurisdiction over Maryland) shall 
apply to all claims under the Dispute Resolution Program.  A copy of the 
“Agreement to Resolve Employee Claims under the GXS Employee Dispute 
Resolution Program” is attached for you to sign.

Other
This offer is contingent on the following:
§
Satisfactory completion of a background and reference check;
§
Proof of identification and U.S. work authorization, in accordance with the 
Immigration Reform and Control Act of 1986; and
§
Drug Screen

Please sign below to indicate your acceptance of this offer and return the 
Signed Offer Letter, along with your Acknowledgement Conditions of 
Employment to GXS Human Resources in the attached, self-addressed stamped 
envelope. Please bring all other forms with you on your first day of work.
 
 
3
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
 

We look forward to having you as a member of the Senior Executive 
leadership team and believe this position will provide you with the kind of 
challenge and career growth you are seeking.

Sincerely,

/s/ Robert E. Segert

Robert E. Segert
Chief Executive Officer

I accept this offer of employment with GXS and agree to all the terms 
stated or referred to in this letter.

/s/ Gregg Clevenger
 
  	 
Name: Gregg Clevenger
Date: November 1, 2010


cc:  George Hall
 
 
4
------------------------------------------------------------------------