 EX-10.3 4 a10-17611_1ex10d3.htm EX-10.3
Exhibit 10.3
 
Confidential Materials omitted and filed separately with the
Securities and Exchange Commission. Asterisks denote omissions.
 
Supply Agreement
 
This Supply Agreement (this “Agreement”) is being entered into by and 
between Fisker Automotive, Inc. and A123 Systems, Inc., a Delaware 
corporation (“A123”) (Fisker and A123 individually a “Party” and together 
the “Parties”).
 
The purpose of this Agreement is to set forth certain terms and conditions 
with respect to A123’s supply, and Fisker’s purchase, of lithium ion 
battery packs (the “Products”) for Fisker’s vehicle programs currently 
designated as the Karma PHEV Program 1 (K1) and the Karma PHEV Program 2 
(K2) (each, a “Vehicle Program”).  The Parties hereby agree as follows:
 
    1.             Program Award.  Fisker will award A123 the K1 and K2
    Vehicle Programs. A123  will be the exclusive supplier of batteries for
    the K1 and K2 Vehicle Programs for the life of the program contingent
    on meeting Fisker’s continued engineering specifications, performance,
    quality, durability, total landed cost, supply chain and delivery
    requirements.  After Fisker has purchased the initial [**] batteries
    from A123 for the K1 and K2 Vehicle Program, if Fisker determines and
    is able to document that A123 is uncompetitive in any of the afore
    mentioned areas by more than [**]%, Fisker shall give A123 written
    notice of the deviation.  A123 shall then have [**] days in which to
    close the competitive gap and retain the business.  Should this gap not
    be closed within the [**] days, Fisker shall have the right to
    re-source all or any part of the business, in Fisker’s sole discretion.
     
    2.             Future Program Awards.  Fisker is in the process of
    developing a third Program, currently designated as the Nina Program. 
    The Nina program will be competitively bid. The parties intend that
    A123 shall supply batteries for the Nina Program based on A123 meeting
    Fisker Automotive Inc’s. engineering specifications, performance,
    quality, reliability, durability, total landed cost, supply chain and
    delivery requirements as stated in the Product manual.  Should Fisker
    receive alternative, qualified, competitive bids it agrees that it
    shall, subject to its confidentiality obligations, provide A123 with
    written notice of the A123 gaps based on the qualified bids it has
    received. The parties will mutually agree proceedure for treating third
    party confidential information.  A123 shall have [**] days to match the
    [**] of the competitive offers. If A123 is able to match the
    alternative bid, then A123 will be awarded the production Program. If
    A123 is awarded the Program, should Fisker determine and be able to
    document A123 to be uncompetitive in any of the afore mentioned areas
    by more than [**]%, Fisker shall give A123 written notice of the
    deviation.  A123 shall then have [**] days in which to close the
    competitive gap and retain the business.  Should this gap not be closed
    within the [**] days, Fisker shall have the right to re-source the
    business.
     
    3.             Intentionally Left Blank
     
    4.             Term. This Agreement will become effective on the date
    of the last Party to sign this Agreement (the “Effective Date”) and
    will expire upon the earlier of the Tenth Anniversary (the “Term”), or
    upon the default provisions of Fisker’s General Terms and Conditions.
 
1
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
    5.             Applicable Terms and Conditions.  All Purchase Orders
    for Products issued to A123 during the Term will be subject to Fisker’s
    “General Terms and Conditions of Purchase” attached hereto, except to
    the extent that such general terms and conditions have been expressly
    modified by this Agreement including the exceptions set forth in 
    Exhibit A attached hereto and incorporated by reference herein.  In
    case of a conflict between a term or condition in a Purchase Order,
    General Terms and Conditions of Purchase and a term or condition in
    this Agreement, the term or condition in this Agreement will control
    and supersede the conflicting term or condition in the General Terms
    and Conditions of Purchase or Purchase Order.
     
    6.             Unit Prices.  The applicable unit prices for the Karma
    PHEV Program 1 Products are set forth in Exhibit 2 attached hereto and
    incorporated herein.   The Parties will mutually agree on the pricing
    for the Karma PHEV Program 2 and Nina Program.
     
    7.             Confidentiality.  The terms of the Mutual Nondisclosure
    Agreement dated April 3, 2009 between the Parties are hereby
    incorporated into this Agreement.
     
    8.             Entire Agreement. This Agreement (including all
    exhibits, schedules and attachments hereto), the Purchase Orders, and
    the General Terms and Conditions of Production constitute the entire
    understanding and agreement between the Parties with respect to the
    matters contained in this Agreement and supersede all prior oral or
    written representations and agreements pertaining to the subject
    hereof.  This Agreement (including any policies and procedures
    incorporated by reference) may only be modified by a written amendment
    executed on behalf of both Parties by a person of comparable authority
    to the signatories of this Agreement.
     
[Signature Pages Follow]
 
2
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
This Agreement has been executed on behalf of the Parties by their duly 
authorized representatives as follows:
 
FISKER AUTOMOTIVE, INC.
 
 
 
By:
/s/ Henrik Fisker
 
 
 
 
Name:
Henrik Fisker
 
 
 
 
Title:
CEO
 
 
 
 
Date:
1/13/2010
 
 
SIGNATURE PAGE TO SUPPLY AGREEMENT
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
This Agreement has been executed on behalf of the Parties by their duly 
authorized representatives as follows:
 
A123 SYSTEMS, INC.
 
 
 
By:
/s/ David P. Vieau
 
 
 
 
Name:
David P. Vieau
 
 
 
 
Title:
President and CEO
 
 
 
 
Date:
1/13/2010
 
 
SIGNATURE PAGE TO SUPPLY AGREEMENT
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
Exhibit A
 
Exceptions to the General Terms and Conditions of Purchase
 
The Parties hereby agree to the following modifications to the General 
Terms and Conditions of Purchase:
 
    1.     Paragraph 4 of the General Terms and Conditions is hereby
    modified in the following manner:
     
  Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary, Seller’s liability for
  delayed delivery of up to [**] shall not exceed the fees paid to Seller
  by Buyer hereunder in the [**] prior to the applicable claim provided
  however, Seller shall not be liable for any damages, costs or fees that
  result from a delay in performing, if the delay or failure was due to any
  cause beyond Seller’s control.  Causes beyond Seller’s control shall
  include, but not be limited to, acts of God, flood, explosion, natural
  catastrophe, storms, fire or accident.
   
  Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary, the Products shall be
  deemed accepted upon shipment.  Nothing in this provision relieves Seller
  of its warranty obligations under this Agreement.
   
  Section 6 is deleted in its entirety.
   
    2.     Paragraph 9 of the General Terms and Conditions is hereby
    deleted and replaced with the following:
     
During the ten-year period after Buyer completes the last purchases for 
production, Seller shall sell to Buyer Supplies to fulfill Buyer’s service 
and replacement requirements.  All such Supplies shall be sold at the 
prices mutually agreed upon by the Parties in the last year of production 
and Buyer and Seller shall negotiate in good faith with regard to such 
price provided, however that in no event shall the price for such Supplies 
exceed the price that Seller charges others for the same or similar 
Supplies at similar volumes.
 
    3.     Paragraph 10 of the General Terms and Conditions is hereby
    replaced with the following:
     
    “(a)         Express Warranties.
     
    (1)           Seller warrants that during the Warranty Term the
    Products will (A) conform to the Product Specifications (as mutually
    agreed upon by the Parties), (B) be merchantable, and (C) be free from
    defects in material and workmanship.
 
1
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
    (2)           Seller further warrants that on delivery Buyer will
    receive good title to the Products, free and clear of all liens and
    encumbrances and that all Products.
     
    (3)           Seller warrants that the services shall be performed in a
    professional and workmanlike manner, consistent with all industry
    standards.
     
    (b)           Warranty Term. The Warranty Terms shall begin on the date
    of delivery of the Product to Buyer and end on the earliest to occur
    of: (A) [**] from the date of delivery of the Product to Buyer  or (B)
    the end of the warranty period offered by Buyer to end-users for the
    vehicle into which the Product is assembled (currently 50 months or
    50,000 miles whichever occurs sooner).
     
    (c)           Warranty Claims; Process and Procedures
     
    (1)           Seller’s liability for a breach of the warranties given
    herein will be determined by the Parties’ analysis of a sample of parts
    against which claims are made that the parts are defective.  Buyer and
    Seller will work together in good faith to develop procedures and
    guidelines for this process which will require component level
    serviceability, mutual agreement on any warranty cause and remedy, and
    development of an optimal low cost service and warranty process.
     
    (2)           Buyer and Seller will mutually agree on a warranty claims
    process and a list of serviceable pack components which Buyer will
    utilize in its field service organization.
     
    (d)           Warranty Disclaimer.
     
    EXCEPT AS OTHERWISE EXPRESSLY PROVIDED IN THIS ORDER, SELLER MAKES NO
    OTHER WARRANTIES ABOUT THE PERFORMANCE OF THE PRODUCTS AND DISCLAIMS
    ALL OTHER WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, RELATING TO THE PRODUCTS,
    INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION ANY WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS
    FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR NONINFRINGEMENT.”
     
    4.     Paragraph 11 of the General Terms and Conditions is hereby
    replaced with the following:
     
    (a)   Seller agrees to indemnify, defend and hold Buyer and its
    stockholders, directors, officers, employees, distributors, agents and
    customers (each, an “Indemnified Party”) harmless against any and all
    third party demands, actions, expenses (including attorneys’ fees and
    disbursements), losses, claims, suits, proceedings, liabilities,
    damages or penalties arising out of or in connection with infringement
    by the Products (including the Product’s materials or design) of any
    patent, trademark, copyright, trade secrets or any other proprietary
    rights of any third party, except to the extent such infringement
    results exclusively from (a) the design specifications provided or
    required by Buyer, or (b) such infringement
 
2
------------------------------------------------------------------------

     
    results from Buyer’s design or other development activities where any
    applicable Product (including third party products) in combination with
    Buyer’s design or other development activities would infringe, or (c)
    such infringement would not have occurred but for a modification of the
    Products by any party other than Seller or (d) the combination,
    operation or use of the Products with any other products or services
    not supplied by Seller where the Products would not by themselves be
    infringing.
 
    (b)   If the use of the Products, is enjoined or in Seller’s opinion is
    likely to become the subject of a valid claim of infringement, then
    Seller shall, at its sole expense either: (i) procure for Buyer the
    right to continue using the Products as authorized hereunder; (ii)
    replace the Products with a non-infringing version of equivalent
    function, performance and price; and/or (iii) modify the Products to be
    non-infringing.  Nothing in this Section 11(b) shall limit Seller’s
    indemnity obligations under this Agreement
     
    5.     Paragraph 14 is hereby modified by deleting Section  14(b)(i).
     
    6.     Paragraph 14 is hereby modified by deleting Section  14(h)(i)
    and 14(h)(ii).
     
    7.     Section 14(k) is hereby modified by deleting the last sentence
    and replacing it with the following. “Seller’s obligation related to
    Recalls shall apply only during the warranty period for the Product.”
     
    8.     Section 14(n) is modified by addition the following language to
    the beginning of the first sentence; “Except for a party’s breach of
    confidentiality or misappropriation of the other party’s intellectual
    property….”
     
    9.     Paragraph 18 is hereby modified in the following manner:
        a.     Section 18(c) is deleted.
        b.     Section 18 (d) is deleted and replaced with the following:
         
    This Agreement does not affect the ownership of any existing
    intellectual property rights of either party. Each party shall retain
    ownership to all of its background intellectual property including but
    not limited to any improvements, modification or enhancements to its
    background intellectual property regardless of who created the
    improvements, modifications or enhancements.  With the exception of the
    items specified below, Seller shall own all intellectual property
    rights in the Product developed under this Agreement.   Seller’s
    background intellectual property includes, without limitation, Seller’s
    proprietary cells and their related components, materials and
    chemistry, product specifications, manufacturing and development
    methodologies, cell and system level electronics, know-how and
    research, experimental and development work, design details, and
    engineering information.
     
    Buyer shall retain ownership to all of its background intellectual
    property including but not limited to any improvements, modification or
    enhancements to its background intellectual property regardless of who
    created the improvements,
 
3
------------------------------------------------------------------------

     
    modifications or enhancements.  With regard to intellectual property
    rights in the product developed under this Agreement, Buyer shall own
    the [**].
     
    10.   The first two sentences of Section 20 (a) are deleted and
    replaced with the following:
     
Seller shall maintain and upon request furnish to Buyer a certificate 
evidencing (a) general liability insurance with liability coverage limits 
reasonably acceptable to Buyer and naming Buyer as an additional insured 
and (b) workers compensation insurance as required by applicable law.
 
    11.   The following new provision is hereby added to the General Terms
    and Conditions of Purchase:
     
    “Limitation of Liability”
     
    (a)   Disclaimer.  EXCEPT FOR EITHER PARTY’S BREACH OF CONFIDENTIALITY
    OR MISAPPROPRIATION OF THE OTHER PARTY’S INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY, IN NO
    EVENT SHALL EITHER PARTY BE LIABLE FOR SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL,
    CONSEQUENTIAL, EXEMPLARY, PUNITIVE, OR OTHER INDIRECT DAMAGES, OR FOR
    LOSS OF PROFITS, LOSS OF DATA OR LOSS OF USE DAMAGES, ARISING OUT OF
    THIS AGREEMENT, WHETHER BASED UPON WARRANTY, CONTRACT, TORT, STRICT
    LIABILITY OR OTHERWISE.
     
    (b)   Limitation.  Except for Seller’s indemnification obligation under
    Section 11 or either party’s breach of its confidentiality obligations
    or misappropriation of the other party’s intellectual property, each
    party’s aggregate liability to the other party, whether in contract,
    tort, or otherwise, for all claims, in the aggregate, arising out of or
    in connection with this Agreement, shall not exceed the amount of fees
    paid to Seller by Buyer hereunder in the twelve (12) months prior to
    the applicable claims, less any amounts paid for any other claims in
    such twelve (12) month period.
     
    12.   The following new provision is hereby added to the General Terms
    and Conditions of Purchase:
     
Payment terms are (45 days) from date of invoice.  Seller shall invoice 
Buyer on a monthly basis for the units shipped in the preceding month.
 
4
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
Exhibit 2
 
Pricing Schedule
Karma PHEV Program 1
 
A.  [**]
 
[**] will be paid by Fisker to A123 at PPAP, [**]% at interim, [**]% at 
Full. [**] has the capacity to produce [**] packs per year, plus [**]% for 
a maximum of [**] without additional [**] procured and deployed.
 
[**] Description
 
Cost $
 
[**]
 
[**]
 
[**]
 
[**]
 
[**]
 
[**]
 
[**]
 
[**]
 
[**]
 
[**]
 
[**]
 
[**]
 
[**]
 
[**]
 
[**]
 
[**]
 
 
 
 
 
Total
 
[**]
 
 
B.  Prototype Pricing
 
A- Samples:           $[**]/pack, [**] deliverables
B- Samples:           $[**]/pack, [**] deliverables
C-samples:             $[**]/pack, [**] through  start of production
 
1
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
C.  Production Pricing
 
Cumulative Pack
Volume during the
Term
 
Pack Price
 
Comments
 
Est. timing
[**] units
 
[**]
 
Ramp up cost
 
[**]
[**] units
 
[**]
 
Karma Prod. Volumes
 
[**]
[**] units
 
[**]
 
Karma + Nina [**]
 
[**]
[**] units
 
[**]
 
Productivity
 
[**]
[**] units
 
[**]
 
Productivity
 
[**]
 
Note:
 
      1.     Shipping Terms are FCA manufacturing location
       
      2.     Pricing is per the [**] cell agreed upon design solution.
       
      3.     100% of the production volumes on the Karma Fisker and its
      derivatives are supplied by A123, subject to the program award terms
      defined above.
       
      4.     Price downs will be provided once the cumulative volume limits
      have been reached to qualify for the next step down in pricing level
       
      5.     Pricing assumes that Fisker will reasonably support A123 with
      all the necessary qualification approvals for A123 to launch a [**].
       
      6.     Recycling costs are not included in the pricing. FA and A123
      will develop a mutually agreed upon recycling procedure. In the event
      the Product is in breach of the product warranty and the parties
      mutually agree to recycle the Product, Seller shall be responsible
      for the recycling costs for that particular unit.
       
      7.     Fisker will provide annual volume levels for planning and
      quotation purposes with quarterly releases and adjustments thereto.
      These quarterly volumes releases will be updated monthly and the [**]
      week schedule of product releases will be Fisker’s volume commitment.
       
      8.     Buyer shall purchase [**] units from A123 and cannot suspend
      performance until the initial [**] units of packs have been
      purchased.
 
2
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
      9.     Non returnable dunnage (in accordance with the FA quality and
      logistics manual) costs have been included in the above listed piece
      prices.
       
D.  Non-Recurring Engineering
 
    The cost to engineer and validate the Karma PHEV Program 1 and Karma
    PHEV Program 2 pack is $[**] (details to be supplied to Fisker).  [**].
 
3
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
Exhibit 3
General Terms and Conditions of Purchase
 
4
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
FISKER AUTOMOTIVE, INC.
 
GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS
 
OF PURCHASE
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
1.
The Supplies and Parties Covered by the Order
1
2.
The Terms of the Order
1
3.
Quantity; Blanket Orders; Material Releases
2
4.
Shipping and Delivery
3
5.
Price and Payment
5
6.
Non-Conforming Supplies
6
7.
Buyer and Industry Standards and Policies
7
8.
Changes
8
9.
Service Parts
8
10.
Warranties
9
11.
Indemnification
11
12.
Inspection and Audit
12
13.
Ethical Conduct
13
14.
Duration, Termination and Remedies
14
15.
Buyer’s Property
19
16.
Seller’s Property
21
17.
Tooling
22
18.
Intellectual Property
23
19.
Proprietary Information
24
20.
Insurance; Waiver of Liens
26
21.
Excusable Delay
26
22.
Buyer’s Liability
28
23.
Limitation on Assignment and Subcontracting
28
24.
Compliance with Laws
28
25.
Foreign Purchases
29
26.
Buyer Financing
29
27.
Miscellaneous
30
 
i
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
FISKER AUTOMOTIVE, INC.
 
GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF PURCHASE
 
1.             The Supplies and Parties Covered by the Order
 
    (a)           Supplies
     
These General Terms and Conditions (“Terms”) apply to the purchase of the 
goods and/or services (“Supplies”) identified in a purchase order issued by 
Buyer to Seller which references these Terms.
 
    (b)           Parties
     
Buyer and Seller are identified on the face of the purchase order.
 
2.             The Terms of the Order
 
    (a)           Terms of the Order
     
The “Order” consists of the following, which are sometimes referred to 
collectively as the Terms of the Order: (i) the purchase order; (ii) 
Material Releases (as defined in Section 3(a)) issued by Buyer to Seller 
under the purchase order (iii) these Terms; (iv) all other documents 
specifically incorporated into or otherwise made a part of the Order by 
Buyer; and (v) Buyer’s purchase policies, as revised by Buyer and agreed to 
in writing by Seller from time to time. Seller is responsible for keeping 
current regarding the terms of Buyer’s purchase policies.
 
    (b)           Seller’s Acceptance
     
The purchase order is an offer by Buyer to purchase the Supplies from 
Seller on the Terms of the Order. The contract is formed when Seller 
accepts the offer of Buyer. This occurs upon the earlier of: (i) Seller 
beginning work or performance based on the purchase order; or (ii) Seller 
notifying Buyer of its acceptance of the offer in writing. The Order is 
limited to and conditional upon Seller’s acceptance of these Terms 
exclusively.
 
    (c)           Seller’s Terms Rejected
     
The Order does not constitute an acceptance of any offer or proposal made 
by Seller, and Seller acknowledges that: (i) a request for quotation or 
similar document issued by Buyer is not an offer by Buyer; and (ii) any 
response by Seller to a request for quotation or similar document issued by 
Buyer is not an offer by Seller. Any additional or different terms proposed 
by Seller, whether in Seller’s quotation, acknowledgement, invoice or 
otherwise, are unacceptable to Buyer, are expressly rejected by Buyer, and 
are not part of
 
1
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
the Order. However, additional or different terms proposed by Seller shall 
not operate as a rejection of the Order if Seller commences work or 
otherwise accepts Buyer’s offer, in which case the Order shall be deemed 
accepted by Seller without any additional or different terms or variations 
whatsoever. Any reference in the Order to any prior communication by Seller 
is solely to incorporate the description or specifications of the Supplies 
in such prior communication, but only to the extent that such description 
or specifications are not directly in conflict with the description and 
specifications in the Order. If the Order is determined to be an acceptance 
of any prior offer or proposal by Seller, such acceptance shall be limited 
to the Terms of the Order.
 
    (d)           Entire Agreement
     
The Order is the entire agreement between the parties respecting the 
Supplies and when accepted, supersedes any prior agreements, negotiations 
or understandings of the parties respecting the Supplies, whether written 
or oral. No modification shall be effective unless in writing and signed by 
Buyer’s and Seller’s authorized representative. The Order may be modified 
only by a writing signed by Buyer and agreed to in writing by Seller.
 
3.             Quantity; Blanket Orders; Material Releases
 
    (a)           Releases
     
Unless specified differently in the Order, Seller shall deliver Supplies in 
strict conformance with the dates, times, quantities and delivery locations 
determined by Buyer and identified as firm orders in material authorization 
releases, manifests, broadcasts or similar releases (“Material Releases”). 
Time, quantities and location are of the essence under the Order and Seller 
shall provide 100% on-time delivery of the quantities and at the times 
specified by Buyer. Seller shall not make any commitments for raw materials 
or other inventory or manufacture any Supplies in advance of the time 
necessary to meet Buyer’s firm delivery requirements. Buyer is not required 
to purchase Supplies exclusively from Seller unless the Order expressly 
states that it is exclusive, 100% requirements, or similar term.
 
    (b)           Blanket Orders
     
If the Order does not specify a quantity, states zero, “blanket,” “per 
release” or similar term, the Order is a Blanket Order. If the Order is a 
Blanket Order, then for consideration of $10.00 to be paid by Buyer 
following expiration or termination of the Order, Seller grants to Buyer an 
irrevocable option during the term of the Order to purchase Supplies in 
such quantities specified in Material Releases that are transmitted to 
Seller during the term of the Order, provided that Buyer shall purchase no 
less than a minimum quantity of at least one piece or unit of each of the 
Supplies and a maximum of no more than 100% of Buyer’s requirements for the 
Supplies.
 
2
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
    (c)           Forecasts
     
Any estimates or forecasts of production volumes or length of program are 
for planning and are subject to change from time to time and shall not be 
binding upon Buyer or Seller.
 
    (d)           EDI
     
Buyer may require Seller to participate in electronic data interchange or 
similar inventory management program, at Seller’s expense, for notification 
of Material Releases, shipping notices and confirmation and other 
information.
 
    (e)           Suspension of Performance
     
Buyer may at any time, by prior written notice to Seller, suspend 
performance of deliveries and Seller’s other performance obligations for 
such time as it deems appropriate. Upon receiving notice of suspension, 
Seller shall promptly suspend deliveries and work to the extent specified, 
and properly care for and protect all work in progress and materials, 
supplies and equipment Seller has on hand for performance. Upon Buyer’s 
request, Seller shall promptly deliver to Buyer copies of Seller’s 
outstanding purchase orders and subcontracts for materials, equipment 
and/or services related to performance of an Order, and shall take such 
action relative to such purchase orders and subcontracts as Buyer may 
direct. Buyer may at any time withdraw the suspension as to all or part of 
the suspended deliveries and work by written notice specifying the 
effective date and scope of withdrawal. Seller shall resume diligent 
performance on the specified effective date of withdrawal. In the event 
suspension of performance occurs for longer than 60 days, then Seller shall 
be entitled to recover its costs under section 14. All claims caused by 
suspension shall be limited to an equitable extension of time for 
performance as Seller’s exclusive remedy must be pursued pursuant to and 
consistent with the Section on “Changes” or they shall be deemed waived.
 
4.             Shipping and Delivery
 
    (a)           Buyer’s Requirements
     
Seller shall properly pack, mark, and ship Supplies (and provide related 
documentation) according to the requirements specified by Buyer, the 
involved carriers and the country of destination. Seller shall promptly 
provide Buyer with, in the form required by Law and as requested by Buyer, 
the identity and amount of all ingredients (and any changes in the 
ingredients) of the Supplies. Seller’s Quality and Logistics Manual or 
similar documents,, prepared in association with its designated assembly 
supplier, Valmet Automotive, provides some of the specific requirements of 
Buyer and it will be provided separately by Buyer. Buyer may provide 
amendments, supplements and replacements to and/or of the current Manual 
for Logistics, which shall be binding on Seller.
 
3
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
    (b)           Delay in Delivery
     
If Seller, for any reason, does not comply with Buyer’s delivery schedule 
or any other requirement of a Material Release, Buyer may, in its sole 
discretion: (i) approve a revised delivery schedule; (ii) require expedited 
or premium shipment of any of the Supplies; or (iii) cover from other 
sources, and adjust any quantity requirement under the Order accordingly. 
Seller shall be liable for all excess costs and for all other direct 
damages incurred by Buyer as a result of Seller’s failure including: (a) 
additional transportation costs; (b) the direct cost of any production 
disruption; and (c) the cost of obtaining Supplies from an alternate 
source. Buyer’s rights under this Section may be exercised at Seller’s sole 
expense, at Buyer’s sole discretion, and in addition to and without 
prejudice to any other right or remedy available to Buyer.
 
    (c)           Title and Risk of Loss
     
    (i)            Except for Tooling, Buyer shall take title to all
    Supplies upon the earlier of: (i) delivery and acceptance of the
    Supplies FCA Incoterms 2000 Seller’s plant; or (ii) payment by Buyer of
    100% of the purchase price of identified Supplies. Supplies shall be
    deemed identified upon fabrication, unless the Supplies are part of
    Seller’s standard stock and sold to persons in addition to Buyer, in
    which case identification occurs when the Supplies are marked or
    otherwise designated by Seller as relating to the Order.
     
    (ii)           If the Supplies are Tooling, Buyer shall take title and
    risk of loss upon payment in full for the Tooling. Tooling includes
    fixtures, gauges, jigs, patterns, castings, cavity dies and molds, with
    all related software, appurtenances, accessions, and accessories.
     
    (iii)          Seller shall comply with Section 15 with respect to any
    Supplies to which Buyer has title but which are in the custody or
    control of Seller or Seller’s suppliers, contractors or agents.
     
    (iv)          All shipments are at the risk of Seller until receipt by
    Buyer. If risk of loss is assumed by Buyer, all risk casualty insurance
    for replacement value must be provided by Seller for the benefit of
    Buyer. The cost of any insurance shall be paid by Seller unless
    otherwise expressly agreed in writing by Buyer. Under no condition will
    the risk of loss be that of Buyer unless such insurance is provided.
    Risk of loss shall not be governed by transfer of title.
     
    (d)           Country of Origin
     
Seller shall promptly and reasonably furnish to Buyer all certificates of 
origin or domestic value-added and all other information relating to the 
costs and places of origin of the Supplies as may be deemed reasonably 
necessary by Buyer to comply fully with all
 
4
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
customs, tariffs and other applicable Laws (as defined in Section 24). 
Seller shall comply with all such Lawsand warrants that any such 
information that is supplied to Buyer is true and that all sales covered by 
the Order will be made at not less than fair value under the anti-dumping 
Laws of the countries to which the Supplies are exported
 
    (e)           Hazardous Materials
     
Seller shall comply with all Laws relating to any hazardous or restricted 
material that is an ingredient or part of the Supplies. Seller’s 
responsibility shall include appropriate government/country registration 
requirements such as REACH (“Registration, Evaluation, Authorization, and 
Restriction of Chemicals”) and IMDS (“International Material Data System”). 
Seller shall give Buyer sufficient warning in writing (including 
appropriate labels, containers, and packing, and handling, disposal and 
recycling instructions, material safety data sheets and certificates of 
analysis) of any such materials.
 
5.             Price and Payment
 
    (a)           Price
     
The purchase price of the Supplies is set forth in the Order. Unless 
otherwise stated in the Order, the purchase price: (i) is a firm fixed 
price for the duration of the Order and not subject to increase for any 
reason, including increased raw material costs, increased labor or other 
manufacturing costs, increased development costs, or changes in volumes or 
program length from those estimated or expected unless agreed to in writing 
by Buyer and Seller; (ii) is inclusive of all federal, state, provincial, 
and local taxes and any duties applicable to provision of the Supplies; and 
(iii) is inclusive of all storage, handling, packaging and all other 
expenses and charges of Seller. All prices are FCA Incoterms 2000 Seller’s 
plant (place of shipment) unless otherwise provided in the Order.
 
    (b)           Invoices
     
Unless otherwise stated in the Order, invoices shall be issued on or after 
shipment of Supplies to Buyer and payment shall be deemed to occur upon 
mailing or other rendering of payment to Seller. All payments shall be made 
in U.S. dollars unless agreed to in writing by Buyer. Seller shall, at its 
expense, comply with Buyer’s written instructions and policies with respect 
to the form, content and method for submission of invoices, which will be 
provided to Seller by Buyer.
 
    (c)           Payment Terms
     
Unless otherwise stated in the Order, payment terms are net 45 days after 
date of receipt of invoice by Buyer.
 
5
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
    (d)           Best Price
     
Seller warrants that the prices for the Supplies sold to Buyer are no less 
favorable than those that Seller currently extends to all third parties for 
the same or similar Supplies at similar locations under substantially 
similar Terms and in similar quantities. If Seller reduces its prices to 
third parties for the same or similar Supplies at similar locations under 
substantially similar Terms during the term of the Order for the Supplies, 
Seller shall correspondingly reduce the prices charged to Buyer.
 
    (e)           Setoff
     
In addition to any right of setoff or recoup provided by law, Buyer shall 
be entitled at any time to setoff or recoupment against sums payable by 
Buyer to Seller any amounts for which Buyer determines in good faith Seller 
is liable to Buyer or its affiliates under any Order or other agreements 
with Seller. Buyer may do so upon prior notice to Seller.
 
    (f)            Payment Not Acceptance
     
Payment for Supplies shall not constitute acceptance of non-conforming 
Supplies nor limit or affect any rights or remedies of Buyer.
 
    (g)           Credits
     
Credits or benefits resulting from the Order, including trade credits, 
export credits, and or the refund of duties, taxes, or fees, belong to 
Buyer. Seller shall provide all information and certificates (including 
NAFTA and other country and area certificates of origin) necessary to 
permit Buyer to receive these benefits or credits.
 
6.             Non-Conforming Supplies
 
    (a)           Rejection
     
If defective or otherwise non-conforming Supplies are rejected by Buyer, 
the quantities under the Order are automatically reduced unless Buyer 
otherwise notifies Seller, and Seller shall not replace reduced quantities 
without a new Material Release from Buyer. Following rejection, Seller 
shall, without prejudice to any other right or remedy of Buyer, at Buyer’s 
sole discretion and at Seller’s sole expense:
 
    (i)            Accept return of the non-conforming Supplies to Seller
    for a refund of the full invoice price, plus payment of transportation
    charges for such defective or otherwise non-conforming supplies;
     
    (ii)           Replace the non-conforming Supplies with conforming
    Supplies; and/or
 
6
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
    (iii)          Correct at any time prior to shipment from Buyer’s plant
    the non-conforming Supplies.
     
    (b)           Buyer’s Losses
     
Seller is liable for all direct damages, losses, costs, and expenses 
incurred by Buyer resulting from Seller’s failure to deliver conforming and 
non-defective Supplies or to comply with the shipping and delivery or other 
requirements of Buyer, even if Seller has cured the failure. This includes 
but is not limited to compensating Buyer for:
 
    (i)            Any amounts charged by Buyer’s vehicle assembly supplier
    to Buyer;
     
    (ii)           All costs of containment, sorting, repair, replacement,
    cure, cover, or any other reasonable and documented costs incurred by
    Buyer, determined in such manner and in such amount as reasonably
    determined by Buyer;
     
    (iii)          All costs of any recall campaign, corrective service
    action, or other voluntary or involuntary action in which Buyer
    participates in connection with inclusion of Supplies in goods sold by
    Buyer.
     
    (c)           Corrective Action
     
Promptly upon learning of defective or non-conforming Supplies, Seller 
shall develop, document and implement corrective actions in accordance with 
all applicable quality control policies and standards in the Supplier 
Quality and Logistics Manual as provided by Buyer to Seller. Seller shall 
immediately notify Buyer in writing when Seller becomes aware of any 
ingredient, component, design or other defect in the Supplies that is or 
may become harmful to persons or property.
 
7.             Buyer and Industry Standards and Policies
 
    (a)           Quality Standards
     
Seller and Supplies shall conform to all quality control and other 
standards and inspection systems as established or directed by Buyer in the 
Supplier Quality and Logistics Manual Buyer may provide amendments, 
supplements, and replacements to and/or of the current Supplier Quality and 
Logistics Manual, which shall be binding on Seller.
 
7
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
8.             Changes
 
    (a)           Buyer’s Changes
     
Buyer reserves the right to change the design, specifications, engineering 
level, materials, packaging, testing requirements, shipping date, or time 
or place of delivery, of the Supplies. Seller shall promptly make any such 
change as directed by Buyer, provided that the parties agree upon the 
feasibility and cost impact of such changes per section 8(c).
 
    (b)           Seller’s Changes
     
Seller shall not make any change to the Supplies except at Buyer’s written 
instruction or with Buyer’s written approval. If Seller learns of a 
possible change to the Supplies that may reduce costs, improve quality, or 
otherwise be beneficial to Buyer, Seller shall promptly inform Buyer of the 
possible change in writing. Seller shall maintain a process of continuous 
improvement in the Supplies. Seller certifies the location(s) from which it 
will ship the Supplies as specified in the Order. If Seller at any time 
intends to change such location(s), Seller must notify Buyer in writing 
prior to the change so that the effect of such change can be evaluated as 
to quality, transportation costs and time, packaging methods, and other 
factors.
 
    (c)           Impact on Changes
     
Seller shall, at the earliest of ten working days of receipt of a request 
for change from Buyer or the receipt of a purchase order change, notify 
Buyer in writing if a change directed or approved by Buyer will affect cost 
or timing and provide substantiation of its claim. Buyer and Seller will 
negotiate in good faith and agree on an equitable price adjustment (up or 
down), a change in shipping or delivery terms, required tooling investment, 
or other appropriate adjustment prior to implementation of any change. If 
an adjustment is not agreed upon, Seller shall make the change and the 
claim shall be subject to the dispute resolution provisions of these Terms.
 
9.             Service Parts
 
    (a)           Period and Prices
     
During the ten-year period after Buyer completes purchases for production, 
Seller shall sell to Buyer Supplies to fulfill Buyer’s service and 
replacement requirements. All such Supplies shall be sold at the prices 
specified in the Order plus actual cost differentials for packaging. During 
the tenth year of such period, Buyer and Seller shall negotiate in good 
faith with regard to Seller’s continued manufacture of service and 
replacement Supplies. Seller shall store and maintain all Tooling and other 
resources necessary for the production of service and replacement Supplies. 
If the Supplies are no longer required
 
8
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
for Buyer’s vehicle production, then the price of the Supplies for service 
requirements will be no greater than the last price stated in the order 
plus or minus: (i) any changes in the cost of materials since the Order was 
terminated or production ceased; (ii) a volume adjustment reflecting the 
actual increase in the cost per unit of producing fewer units; (iii) a 
set-up charge reflecting the actual cost of preparation for the production 
run; and (iv) any additional costs actually incurred for special packaging. 
The foregoing must be documented to Buyer’s reasonable satisfaction, 
including, but not limited to, set-up detail, machine productivity, scrap 
allowance, labor inefficiencies and excess raw material requirements. 
Seller shall mark the Supplies shipped for service requirements, “Made in 
(country of origin)”.
 
    (b)           Components
     
If the Supplies are systems or modules, Seller shall sell each component or 
part for service or replacement purposes at a price that does not, in the 
aggregate, exceed the system or module price specified in the Order, less 
assembly costs, plus any actual cost differential for packaging.
 
10.          Warranties
 
    (a)           Express Warranties
     
In addition to any other express and implied warranties provided by law or 
otherwise, Seller warrants to Buyer that the Supplies shall:
 
    (i)            Be new and conform to Order in all respects;
     
    (ii)           Conform to all specifications, drawings, samples and
    other descriptions furnished by Buyer or otherwise part of the Order;
     
    (iii)          Be free from all defects in design (to the extent
    designed by or for Seller), workmanship and materials (with the
    exception of materials or components consigned by Buyer) during the
    warranty period and be of highest quality and workmanship;
     
    (iv)          Be selected, designed (to the extent designed by Seller),
    manufactured and assembled by Seller based upon Buyer’s stated use and
    be fit and sufficient for the purposes intended by Buyer;
     
    (v)           Conform to all applicable Laws (as defined in Section 24)
    in countries where the Supplies (or goods into which the Supplies are
    incorporated) are to be sold (and Buyer shall provide a list of such
    countries to Seller upon written request), including without
    limitation, in the case of Supplies used in connection with the
    manufacture of motor vehicles, the National Traffic and
 
9
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
    Motor Vehicle Safety Act, United States motor vehicle safety standards
    and European Union Directive 2000/53/EC;
     
    (vi)          Not infringe, misappropriate or violate the Intellectual
    Property Rights (as defined in Section 18) of third parties;
     
    (vii)         Properly function and be suitable for use within the
    systems, the vehicles and the products in which they are to be
    assembled; and
     
    (viii)        Conform to ISO 9001 and TS 16949 and other quality
    standards of Buyer.
     
    (b)           Service Warranties
     
For all services included in Supplies, Seller further warrants that its 
services shall be performed in a professional and workmanlike manner, 
consistent with all standards and specifications established by Buyer and 
otherwise consistent with industry standards.
 
    (c)           Title
     
Seller warrants that title to all of the Supplies shall be vested in Buyer 
free and clear of any and all liens and encumbrances of any nature.
 
    (d)           Warranty of Continued Performance
     
All warranties of Seller extend to future performance of the Supplies and 
are not modified, waived or discharged by delivery, inspection, tests, 
acceptance and payment. Buyer’s approval of any design, drawing, material, 
process or specifications shall not relieve Seller of these warranties. 
Seller waives any right to notice of Seller’s breach.
 
    (e)           Warranty Period
     
The warranty period is the longest of: (i) five years from the date Buyer 
accepts the Supplies; (ii) the warranty period provided by applicable law; 
or (iii) the warranty period offered by Buyer to end-users for the vehicles 
and products into which the Supplies are assembled ( 50 months or 50,000 
miles).
 
    (f)            Cumulative
     
All warranties and remedies provided by the Order are cumulative and in 
addition to those provided by law and shall survive testing and inspection 
of the Supplies by Buyer.
 
10
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
11.          Indemnification
  
    (a)           Indemnity
     
Seller shall indemnify, defend and hold harmless Buyer, and its affiliates, 
directors, officers, shareholders, employees, customers, dealers and users 
of the Supplies sold by Buyer (or the products in which they are 
incorporated) and all of their respective agents, successors and assigns 
(including, as those terms are defined in Section 26, the Credit Providers, 
the Secured Party and their representatives), and each of their 
shareholders, directors, officers, employers and agents, on demand, 
(collectively “Indemnified Parties”) from and against any and all costs, 
fees, penalties, damages (direct, incidental, consequential and otherwise), 
reasonable attorneys’ fees and all other liabilities and obligations 
whatsoever (“Losses”), which, in whole or in part, arises from or relates 
to any actual or alleged:
 
    (i)            Defect or non-conformity to Buyers specifications in the
    Supplies;
     
    (ii)           Noncompliance by Seller with any of its representations,
    warranties or obligations under the Order;
     
    (iii)          Negligence or fault of Seller in connection with the
    design (if designed by or for Seller) or manufacture of the Supplies.
     
    (iv)          Any recall campaign, corrective service action, or other
    voluntary or involuntary action in which Buyer participates with
    respect to the Supplies or vehicles or products into which the Supplies
    are incorporated;
     
    (v)           Any spill, discharge or emission of hazardous wastes or
    substances which relates, in whole or in part, to the Supplies;
     
    (vi)          Infringement (including claims of direct or contributory
    infringement or inducement to infringe), misappropriation or violation
    of any Intellectual Property Right relating to Supplies provided by
    Seller, even if they are made to Buyer’s specifications;
     
    (vii)         Damages to the property of or personal injuries to Buyer,
    their respective agents, or any other person or entity to the extent
    arising from or in connection with Seller’s work on the premises or
    Seller’s use of Buyer’s property; and
     
    (viii)        Challenge to Buyer’s sole right, title and interest in
    the Tooling (as defined below), or right to possession of the Tooling,
    brought or asserted by
 
11
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
    any third party, including toolmakers, subcontractors, and lending
    institutions, if Seller received payment for such tooling.
     
    (ix)          Changes to the Supplies which have not been approved by
    Buyer in writing whether or not the Supplies otherwise comply with the
    specifications and other obligations under the Order.
     
    (b)           Buyer’s Participation
     
If Seller is obligated to indemnify under this Section, Buyer may at its 
option participate in or control the defense of any third party claim with 
its own counsel, at Buyer’s expense. Seller’s obligation to indemnify shall 
not be lessened or compromised in anyway, even if Buyer is alleged or is 
found to have contributed in part to the events giving rise to the Losses.
  
12.          Inspection and Audit
  
    (a)           Inspection of Facility
      
Buyer, its third party designees or representatives of the Secured Party or 
DOE (as defined in Section 26) may enter Seller’s and its subcontractors’ 
facilities during Seller’s normal business hours, upon reasonable notice to 
inspect the facility, Supplies, materials, and any of Buyer’s property 
related to the Order. Seller shall provide, without additional charge, all 
approvals and reasonable facilities and assistance for any such inspection. 
Buyer’s inspection does not constitute acceptance of any work-in-process or 
finished goods and does not relieve Seller of any of its responsibilities 
or warranties.
  
    (b)           Audit
      
Upon reasonable notice to Seller, either Buyer (or a third party designee 
of Buyer) or representatives of the Secured Party or DOE may audit Seller’s 
or its subcontractor’s production facility, Supplies and any other Buyer 
property (including all pertinent documents, data and other information) 
related to the Order at the facility for the purpose of verifying Seller’s 
costs and its compliance with its obligations under the Order. Seller shall 
provide, without additional charge, all reasonable facilities and 
assistance.
  
    (c)           Financial Review
      
Upon reasonable notice to Seller, either Buyer (or a third party designated 
by Buyer) or representatives of the Secured Party or DOE may review the 
financial condition of Seller and its contractors and affiliates. Seller 
will fully cooperate in such review and shall promptly provide copies of or 
access to requested documents , including without limitation financial 
records and statements, forecasts, business plans, banking contacts and 
loan documents, and shall make its financial managers available for 
discussions with
 
12
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
Buyer or representatives of the Secured Party or DOE, as applicable, during 
reasonable business hours. The inspecting party shall keep confidential any 
nonpublic information about Seller obtained in a financial review and use 
such information only for purposes of the review, except as needed to 
enforce the Order.
     
    (d)           Buyer’s Discretion
     
Buyer’s right to conduct any inspection, audit or review under this Section 
or otherwise is at its sole discretion. Buyer has no obligation to Seller 
to conduct any inspection, audit or review. Buyer’s decisions as to 
whether, how and when to conduct any inspection, audit or review does not 
modify or relieve Seller of any obligations under the Order, does not give 
rise to any liability of Buyer to Seller and is without prejudice to any 
rights or remedies available to Buyer.
 
13.          Ethical Conduct
 
    (a)           Work Environment
     
Seller warrants that no child, prison, forced or involuntary labor shall be 
used by Seller or its subcontractors in the provision of Supplies. Seller 
and its subcontractors shall maintain a work place free from physical abuse 
and any practice in violation of local law. Seller and its subcontractors 
shall provide a healthy, safe work environment, wages and benefits as 
required by law, freedom of association and reasonable working conditions.
 
    (b)           Business Practices
     
Seller shall not: (i) give or offer to give any gift or benefit to Buyer’s 
employees; (ii) solicit or accept any information, data, services, 
equipment or commitment from Buyer’s employees unless it is: (a) required 
under a contract between Buyer and Seller, (b) made pursuant to a written 
disclosure agreement between Buyer and Seller, or (c) specifically 
authorized in writing by Buyer’s management; (iii) solicit or accept 
favoritism from Buyer’s employees; (iv) enter into any outside business 
relationship with Buyer’s employees or other suppliers without full 
disclosure to and prior approval of Buyer’s management; or (v) provide to 
or accept from other suppliers any information regarding Buyer or its 
business. For the purposes of this Section: “employee” includes members of 
the employee’s immediate family and household, plus any other person who is 
attempting to benefit from his or her relationship to the employee; 
“Seller” includes all employees and agents of Seller; “gift or benefit” 
includes money, goods, services, discounts, favors and the like in any form 
but excluding items with a value of $25.00 or less; “supplier” includes 
prospective, current and past suppliers; and “favoritism” means partiality 
in promoting the interest of Seller over that of other suppliers. Any 
breach by Seller of its obligations under this Section shall constitute a 
material default by Seller of every contract and Order with Buyer and may 
further result in Seller’s debarment from doing
 
13
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
business with Buyer. Seller shall also comply with all ethics, fair 
business practices, non-discrimination and non-harassment policies of 
Buyer.
 
14.          Duration, Termination and Remedies
  
    (a)           Duration
     
The Order shall be effective on the date specified in the Order, or if no 
date is specified, when accepted. Unless otherwise specifically provided in 
the Order:
 
    (i)            The Order shall terminate on the date specified in the
    Order; or, if no date is specified, one year from the effective date.
    The termination date is not extended by an amendment or revision to an
    Order which does not expressly modify the termination date.
     
    (ii)           The Order will automatically renew for successive
    one-year periods after the initial term unless Seller provides written
    notice at least 90 days prior to the end of the current term of its
    desire that the Order not be renewed.
     
    (b)           Termination by Buyer
     
In addition to any other rights of Buyer to cancel or terminate the Order, 
Buyer may terminate the Order in whole or in part by written notice (a 
“Termination Notice”), as follows:
 
    (i)            For convenience, 60 days following delivery of the
    Termination Notice or upon such other date specified by Buyer in
    writing; and
     
    (ii)           For Default, effective upon delivery of the Termination
    Notice or upon such other date specified by Buyer in writing. Seller
    shall be in “Default” if it: (i) breaches any warranty or other Term of
    the Order; (ii) repudiates, breaches or threatens to breach any of the
    terms of the Order; (iii) fails to deliver, or threatens not to
    deliver, Supplies in connection with the Order; (iv) fails to make
    progress or to meet reasonable quality requirements so as to endanger
    timely and proper performance of the Order; (v) Seller makes an
    assignment for the benefit of creditors, or proceedings in bankruptcy
    or insolvency are instituted by or against Seller; (vi) Seller requests
    accommodations from Buyer, financial or otherwise, in order to meet its
    obligations under the Order; or (vii) at any time in Buyer’s sole
    judgment Seller’s financial or other condition or progress on the Order
    shall be such as to endanger timely performance. Termination by Buyer
    shall not relieve Seller of any liability under the Order except as
    provided in these Terms.
 
14
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
    (c)           Suspension or Termination by Seller
     
Seller may terminate or suspend performance under an Order only for 
non-payment of the purchase price for Supplies which are 30 or more days 
past due and material in amount, and then only if: (i) Seller first 
provides Buyer written notice specifying the amounts past due and Seller’s 
intent to terminate or suspend performance under the Order if the past due 
amount is not paid; and (ii) Buyer, within 30 days of such notice, does not 
either: (a) pay the past due amounts, or (b) notify Seller that the amount 
claimed to be unpaid is disputed by Buyer. Seller shall terminate or 
suspend under this Section by delivering a termination notice to Buyer. 
Seller may not suspend performance or terminate the Order for any reason 
except as permitted under this Section.
 
    (d)           Seller’s Obligations Following Termination
     
Following delivery of a notice of termination, Seller shall, unless 
otherwise directed by Buyer and subject to its obligation to provide 
Transition Support as provided in Section (h) below;
 
    (i)            Terminate promptly all performance under the Order and
    transfer title and deliver to Buyer all finished Supplies completed
    prior to receipt of the Notice of Termination;
     
    (ii)           Transfer title and deliver to Buyer all work in process,
    and the parts and materials which Seller produced or acquired in
    accordance with an Order and which Seller cannot use in producing goods
    for itself or for others to the extent such use is permitted;
     
    (iii)          Verify/settle all claims by subcontractors for actual
    costs that are rendered unrecoverable by such termination and provided
    the recovery of materials in Seller’s possession is ensured; and
     
    (iv)          Take actions reasonably necessary to protect property in
    Seller’s possession in which Buyer has an interest until disposal
    instruction from Buyer has been received.
     
    (v)           Seller shall continue performance of an Order to the
    extent not terminated and shall be liable to Buyer for any excess costs
    for alternative products or services and other direct damages. As an
    alternative remedy, and in lieu of termination for default, Buyer, at
    its sole discretion, may elect: (i) to extend the delivery schedule;
    and/or (ii) to waive other deficiencies in Seller’s performance; in
    which case an equitable reduction in an Order price shall be
    established by Buyer to compensate Buyer for its damages. If Seller for
    any reason anticipates difficulty in complying with a required delivery
    date, or in meeting any of the other requirements of an Order, Seller
    shall promptly notify
 
15
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
    Buyer in writing of the potential default, the cause thereof, and the
    estimated length of the anticipated default. Buyer is under no
    obligation to waive any default.
     
    (e)           Buyer’s Obligations Following Termination
     
Subject to Section (g)(ii), Buyer shall pay to Seller in connection with 
termination only the following amounts, without duplication, in complete 
and final satisfaction of any liabilities relating to the Order:
  
    (i)            The purchase price for all conforming Supplies received
    by Buyer prior to Notice of Termination or delivered following Notice
    of Termination pursuant to Sections (d)(i) or (h) or at the written
    direction of Buyer;
     
    (ii)           Any amounts owed for Transition Support pursuant to
    Section (h)(iii); and
     
    (iii)          If terminated for any reason other than Default by
    Seller, Seller’s reasonable actual cost of: (i) merchantable and
    useable work- in-process and the parts and materials transferred to
    Buyer under Section (d)(ii) above (but not to exceed the Order price of
    the Supplies had the work been completed); (ii) settling claims under
    Section (d)(iii); and (c) carrying out its obligation under Section
    (d)(iv).
     
    (f)            Buyer’s Obligations Following Expiration
     
If the Order expires, Buyer shall pay to Seller, in complete and final 
satisfaction of any liabilities relating to the Order, only the purchase 
price for all conforming Supplies received by Buyer prior to expiration and 
all quantities listed as firm releases not otherwise purchased by Buyer, 
and, if applicable, any amounts owed for Transition Support pursuant to 
Section (h)(iii).
  
    (g)           Limitations on Buyer’s Obligations Following Termination
    or Expiration
  
    (i)            Buyer’s obligations under Section (e) are conditioned
    upon Seller’s furnishing to Buyer, within 60 days after the date of
    termination (or such shorter period as may be required by its
    customer), a termination claim, which will consist exclusively of the
    items of Buyer’s obligation to Seller that are expressly permitted by
    this Section. Buyer may audit Seller’s records before or after payment
    to verify amounts requested in Seller’s termination claim.
     
    (ii)           Buyer has no obligation under Section (e) to make any
    payment for Supplies, work-in-process, parts or raw materials
    inventory: (i) in
 
16
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
    excess of those authorized or required under any firm Material Release; 
    (ii) that are damaged or destroyed or that are not merchantable or
    useable; (iii) that are in Seller’s standard stock or that are readily
    marketable; or (iv) that can be returned to Seller’s suppliers or
    subcontractors for credit.
     
    (iii)          Buyer has no obligation for and will not be required to
    pay Seller, directly or on account of claims by Seller’s
    subcontractors, for loss of anticipated profit, failure to realize
    anticipated production volumes, revenues or savings, unabsorbed
    overhead, interest on claims, product development and engineering
    costs, Tooling, facilities and equipment rearrangement costs or rental,
    unamortized capital or depreciation costs, or general administrative
    burden charges from termination or expiration of the Order, except as
    otherwise expressly agreed in a separate Order issued by Buyer.
     
    (h)           Transition of Supplies Following Termination or
    Expiration
     
Following expiration or termination of the Order by either party for any 
reason (including termination by Seller) and notwithstanding any claimed or 
actual breach of any obligation by Buyer, Seller shall cooperate in the 
transition of supply to a successor supplier, including the following, 
which will collectively be referred to as “Transition Support”:
 
    (i)            Seller shall continue production and delivery of all
    Supplies as ordered by Buyer, at the prices and other terms stated in
    the Order, without premium or other condition, during the entire period
    reasonably needed by Buyer to complete the transition to the alternate
    supplier(s), so that Seller’s action or inaction causes no interruption
    in Buyer’s ability to obtain Supplies as needed;
     
    (ii)           At no cost to Buyer, Seller will promptly provide all
    requested information and documentation regarding and access to
    Seller’s manufacturing process, including on-site inspections,
    bill-of-material data, tooling and process detail and samples of
    Supplies and components; and
     
    (iii)          Subject to Seller’s actual capacity constraints, Seller
    shall provide special overtime production, storage and/or management of
    extra inventory of Supplies, extraordinary packaging and transportation
    and other special services as expressly requested by Buyer in writing.
    If the transition occurs for reasons other than Seller’s termination
    for Default, Buyer shall, at the end of the transition period, pay the
    reasonable, actual cost of the assistance under this Section
    14(h)(iii), provided that Seller has advised Buyer prior to incurring
    such amounts of its estimate of such costs. If the parties disagree on
    the cost of Transition Support, Buyer shall pay the agreed portion to
    Seller without prejudice to Seller’s right to seek to recover any
    disputed amounts.
 
17
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
    (i)            Termination and Change of Control
 
Buyer may terminate an Order or Release, in whole or in part, upon 
reasonable written notice to Seller, if control of Seller changes. A change 
of control includes: (i) the sale, lease or exchange of a substantial 
portion of Seller’s assets used for the production of the Supplies; (ii) 
the sale or exchange of a controlling interest in the shares or other 
ownership interests of Seller; or (iii) the execution of a voting or other 
agreement of control. Seller shall provide Buyer with written notices of a 
proposed and actual change of control at least ten days prior to the date 
the change of control is scheduled to occur and within ten days after the 
change of control has become effective. Buyer will have 30 days from the 
date the second notice from Seller is received within which to notify 
Seller if it decides to terminate the Order and the effective date of the 
termination, which will be no sooner than 30 days after the date the 
written notice of termination is sent.
 
    (j)            Duty to Deliver
     
Seller’s continued holding of the Supplies, Buyer’s Property or Seller’s 
Property (as defined herein), after demand has been made by Buyer for 
delivery, will substantially impair their value, and Buyer shall be 
entitled to a court order for possession without bond. Seller shall 
continue to sell Supplies under an Order during any dispute with Buyer 
provided Buyer continues to pay Seller amounts owed in excess of any right 
of offset.
 
    (k)           Recall
     
In the event of any safety, maintenance or improvement program, general 
recall or similar action (“Recall”) involving the Supplies which Buyer has 
determined do not meet requirements of the Order, whether initiated by 
Buyer, Seller, or any governmental agency or body, both Buyer and Seller 
shall use reasonable commercial efforts to reduce costs in connection with 
such Recall. If it shall be alleged or determined that failure of Supplies 
supplied by Seller to conform to Seller’s warranty is a proximate cause of 
any Recall, Seller shall defend, indemnify and hold harmless Buyer, its 
affiliates, subsidiaries, directors, officers, employees, agents and other 
representatives from and against all expenses and costs of such Recall. All 
Recalls shall be at the discretion of Buyer after consultation with Seller, 
except as ordered by a government agency or body. Seller’s obligations 
related to Recalls shall continue to apply after the expiration of Seller’s 
express warranties.
 
    (l)            Cumulative and Additional Remedies
     
Buyer’s remedies under this Section and the applicable law shall be 
cumulative and additional to any other or further remedies provided under 
the Order or by statute, law or equity, including, but not limited to, the 
recovery of direct damages and the entry of injunctive relief, but Buyer 
shall be entitled to only one full recovery of all of its damages and 
enforcement of all its rights.
 
18
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
    (m)          Restrictions on Waiver
 
A delay by Buyer in notification of a breach or making a claim shall not 
constitute a waiver of a breach or remedy. No waiver of a breach of any 
provision of the Order by Buyer shall constitute a waiver of any other 
breach, or of the breached provision itself. No claim or right of Buyer 
arising under, or related to, the Order can be discharged in whole or in 
part by a waiver or renunciation unless supported by additional 
consideration and in writing signed by Buyer.
 
    (n)           Seller’s Remedy
     
Money damages, as limited by the Order, are Seller’s exclusive remedy for 
breach of contract or other claim or theory. Seller may not allege breach 
of contract or other theory of recovery for such money damages without 
providing a written notice of breach, documentation supporting the claim, 
and a reasonable time for Buyer to cure any breach and otherwise resolve 
the claims.
 
    (o)           Remedial Work
     
If repair, sorting, inspection, or similar activities (“Remedial Work”) is 
necessary for any rejected Supplies, then Buyer may elect either to perform 
the Remedial Work itself or to have a third party perform it. In either 
case, the reasonable cost of such Remedial Work shall be either: (i) 
offset against the amounts otherwise due Seller for such rejected Supplies; 
or (ii) charged separately to Seller. Buyer may require that the Remedial 
Work be performed on the premises of Buyer or its Customer by Seller, in 
which case Buyer or its Customer shall provide Seller with reasonable 
access to its premises and otherwise assist Seller with such arrangements 
as are necessary to perform the Remedial Work. In performing Remedial Work 
or replacing rejected Supplies, Seller is responsible for segregating and 
sorting any applicable Supplies providing for transportation of the 
Supplies, supervising the segregation and removal of the Supplies, and 
other incidental activities, all at its sole cost. Remedial Work by Seller 
requires the prior written permission of Buyer and/or Buyer’s Customer.
 
    (p)           Rights of the Secured Party and DOE
     
The Secured Party and DOE may exercise any of the Buyer’s rights under this 
Section 14 and, subject to the provisions of Section 26, such exercise 
shall not result in the assumption of any of Buyer’s obligations hereunder.
 
15.          Buyer’s Property
 
    (a)           Buyer’s Property Defined
     
Buyer’s Property means any tangible or intangible property to which Buyer 
has title. Buyer’s Property includes:
 
19
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
    (i)            As provided in Section 4(c), Supplies, together with
    materials and components incorporated or to be incorporated in the
    Supplies;
     
    (ii)           All property which is furnished by Buyer, either
    directly or indirectly to Seller to perform the Order;
     
    (iii)          Intellectual Property Rights and Proprietary Information
    of Buyer, as specified in Sections 18 and 19;
     
    (iv)          Tooling (as defined herein) and other property
    (including, by way of example, returnable packaging) for which Buyer
    has paid, and
     
    (v)           Any modifications, repairs, refurbishments, and
    replacements of Buyer’s Property defined above.
     
    (b)                   Obligations of Seller
     
With respect to Buyer’s Property in the custody or control of Seller or 
Seller’s suppliers, subcontractors or agents, Buyer’s Property shall, at 
Seller’s cost and risk:
 
    (i)            Be used only for the production of Supplies for Buyer.
     
    (ii)           Be kept: (i) in good working condition house, maintain,
    repair and replace it, except for normal wear and tear; (ii) fully
    insured for the benefit of Buyer; and (iii) be kept segregated from all
    other assets and labeled as being the property of Buyer.
     
    (iii)          Bailment; Seller shall have only temporary possession as
    a bailee at will. Seller shall assure that Buyer’s Property is not
    released, relocated or delivered to any third party without the express
    written permission of Buyer. Seller shall promptly notify Buyer of the
    location of Buyer’s Property if located at any place other than
    Seller’s facility.
     
    (iv)          Buyer, DOE and the Secured Party shall have the right to
    enter Seller’s premises to inspect Buyer’s Property and all records of
    Seller and other third parties regarding Buyer’s Property. Only Buyer
    (or Buyer’s affiliates) and the Secured Party has any right, title or
    interest in Buyer’s Property, except for Seller’s limited right,
    subject to Buyer’s sole discretion, to use Buyer’s Property in the
    provision of Supplies. Seller shall neither create nor allow to exist
    any liens on Buyer’s Property, and Seller shall immediately sign any
    documents reasonably required by Buyer to perfect all rights granted or
    confirmed by these Terms. Seller grants to Buyer, DOE and the Secured
    Party a limited and irrevocable power of attorney, coupled with an
    interest, to execute and record on Seller’s behalf any documents with
    respect to Buyer’s Property that Buyer, DOE or the
 
20
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
    Secured Party determines are reasonably necessary to reflect Buyer’s or
    the Secured Party’s interest in Buyer’s Property.
     
    (v)           Return; Unless instructed by Buyer to the contrary,
    immediately upon Buyer’s request or upon any bankruptcy or insolvency
    filing, and without payment of any kind, Seller shall return Buyer’s
    Property, and shall comply with Buyer’s instructions relating to its
    return, including but not limited to the method and location for its
    return. Seller is responsible for labor and other costs incidental to
    the return of Buyer’s Property. Seller shall cooperate with Buyer and
    shall provide Buyer with access to all facilities at which Buyer’s
    Property is located. Seller expressly waives any right to additional
    notice or process relating to Buyer’s exercise of its rights under this
    Section. Seller waives, to the extent permitted by law: (i) any lien or
    other rights that Seller might otherwise have on any of Buyer’s
    Property, including but not limited to molder’s and builder’s liens;
    and (ii) any objection to Buyer’s repossession and removal of Buyer’s
    Property for any or no reason, including bankruptcy or insolvency
    proceedings.
     
16.          Seller’s Property
  
    (a)                   Definition
     
“Seller’s Property” means all Tooling and other items that are not Buyer’s 
Property and that are necessary for the production of Supplies are Seller’s 
Property.
 
    (b)                   Maintenance
     
Seller, at its expense, shall furnish, keep in good working condition 
capable of producing Supplies meeting all applicable specifications, and 
replace when necessary, all Seller’s Property. Seller shall insure Seller’s 
Property with full fire and extended coverage insurance for its replacement 
value. If Seller uses Seller’s Property to produce goods or services 
similar to Supplies for other customers, including aftermarket customers, 
such goods or services will not incorporate any of Buyer’s logos, 
trademarks, trade names or part numbers. Seller shall not disclose or imply 
in its marketing efforts that such goods or services are equivalent to 
those purchased by Buyer.
 
    (c)                   Option to Purchase
     
Seller grants to Buyer an irrevocable option to take possession of and 
title to Seller’s Property that is specific for the production of Supplies 
under the Order upon payment to Seller of its net book value less any 
amounts that Buyer has previously paid to Seller for the cost of such 
items. This option does not apply if Seller’s Property is used to produce 
goods that are the standard stock of Seller or if a substantial quantity of 
like goods is being sold by Seller to other than Buyer.
 
21
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
17.          Tooling
 
    (a)                   Definition and Acquisition
     
Tooling means all Tooling, jigs, fixtures and other personal property other 
than capital equipment used in the manufacture of Supplies. Unless 
otherwise provided in this order, property of every description including 
all tools, equipment, material, drawings, manufacturing aids and 
replacements of the foregoing furnished by Buyer, either directly or 
indirectly, or as acquired or manufactured by Seller for use in the 
performance of this order, for which Seller has been reimbursed by Buyer 
(“Special Tooling”), will be: (i) the property of Buyer; and (ii) plainly 
marked or otherwise adequately identified by Seller as the property of 
Buyer. Seller shall not purchase any Tooling for the account of Buyer or 
charge Buyer for any tooling except as authorized in an Order.
 
    (b)                   Payment & Terms
     
If Buyer has agreed to compensate Seller for Tooling in an Order:
 
    (i)            The price for Tooling in the Order will be adjusted to
    credit Buyer in the amount, if any, by which the price exceeds Seller’s
    actual cost as verified by Buyer. If Seller does not provide access and
    documentation necessary for Buyer’s verification, Buyer may determine
    in its reasonable discretion an appropriate adjustment. Seller shall
    retain all cost records for a period of two years after receiving final
    payment for Tooling. Seller shall provide to Buyer, as requested,
    access to Seller’s premises and all documentation relating to the
    Tooling prior and subsequent to payment, to inspect work performed, and
    to verify charges submitted by Seller against the Order.
     
    (ii)           Seller shall be entitled to receive payment only after
    it is completed unless otherwise provided in the Order. Tooling is not
    complete until Seller, at its own expense, has successfully completed
    all required testing (including completion of the PPAP process) and has
    submitted all necessary documentation required by the Order.
     
    (iii)          Payment terms for Tooling shall be specified in the
    Order.
     
    (c)                   Warranty
     
If Seller is responsible for fabricating or acquiring Tooling, Seller 
warrants that such Tooling shall: (i) comply with any specifications 
provided by Buyer; and (ii) be capable of producing Supplies that satisfy 
the Order, including meeting any volume requirements or estimates provided 
to Seller during the life of the product as well as satisfying the 
requirements for Service Parts. Time is of the essence for Seller’s 
acquisition or fabrication of Tooling. Seller shall provide Tooling 
progress reports on Buyer’s request
 
22
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
and shall promptly notify Buyer in writing if it believes that the Tooling 
might not be completed by the completion date specified on the Order.
 
    (d)                   Third Party Tool Makers
      
If all or part of the fabrication, modification, repair or refurbishment of 
Tooling will be subcontracted to a third-party toolmaker, Seller will: (i) 
give Buyer advance written notice of the identity of the toolmaker and the 
location of the Tooling;(ii) inform the toolmaker in writing that it is a 
bailee-at-will, through Seller, of Tooling owned by Buyer; and (iii) be 
solely responsible for payments to the toolmaker. Buyer has no obligation 
to Seller or subcontractor other than payment to Seller of the Order price. 
If a subcontractor brings an action against Seller for payment of the 
Tooling, Seller will not join Buyer in the action.
 
    (e)                   Bailment to Subcontractors
      
If Seller intends to subcontract all or part of the manufacture of the 
Supplies to a third- party subcontractor and to deliver Tooling to the 
subcontractor’s premises, Seller shall: (i) provide Buyer with prior 
written notice of the identity of the subcontractor and the location of the 
Tooling; (ii) obtain the written permission of Buyer in advance of Seller’s 
delivery; (iii) inform the subcontractor in writing that it is a 
bailee-at-will, through Seller, of Tooling owned by Buyer; and (iv) be 
solely responsible for payments to the subcontractor.
 
18.          Intellectual Property
 
    (a)                   Warranty of Non-Infringement
      
Seller warrants that the Supplies and the sale and/or use thereof (before 
or after incorporation into products during manufacture) do not and will 
not infringe, misappropriate or violate any Intellectual Property Rights. 
“Intellectual Property Right” means all rights arising under U.S. or 
foreign law relating to patent, trademark, copyright, moral rights, 
industrial design right, Proprietary Information (as defined in Section 19) 
and trade secrets or other intellectual property rights.
 
    (b)                   Restriction on Use of Buyer’s Intellectual
    Property
      
Seller shall not manufacture or provide, or offer to manufacture or 
provide, any goods or services that are based in whole or in part upon 
inventions, confidential or Proprietary Information (as defined in Section 
19) of Buyer or Intellectual Property Rights of Buyer, whether for its own 
purposes (other than to satisfy its obligations under Order), or any other 
third parties, without Buyer’s prior written consent.
 
23
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
    (c)                   License to Buyer
 
Seller grants to Buyer, its subsidiaries and affiliates, and their 
respective successors and assigns, and Buyer hereby accepts, a 
non-exclusive, irrevocable, royalty-free, fully paid up worldwide license, 
including the right to sublicense to others under: (i) any Intellectual 
Property Rights owned or controlled by Seller or its affiliates, and 
relating to the Supplies, to make, have made, repair, reconstruct, rebuild, 
relocate, use, sell and import the Supplies; and (ii) any works of 
authorship fixed in any tangible medium of expression (including drawings, 
prints, manuals and specifications) furnished by Seller in the course of 
Seller’s activity under Order, to reproduce, distribute and display such 
works and to prepare derivative works based thereon, subject to the other 
provisions of Order (all items in clauses (i) and (ii) above, collectively, 
“Seller’s Intellectual Property”, and such license in respect thereof, the 
“License”). Seller acknowledges and understands that the License shall be 
effective from the first date of delivery of the Supplies under Order and 
extend for so long as Buyer has contractual obligations to any customer. 
The license is subject to 11 USC §365(n) and other Law, as an executory 
agreement under which Buyer has license rights to Seller’s Intellectual 
Property, and is supplementary to any other rights of Buyer under the Order 
and any other agreement with Seller.
 
    (d)                   Ownership
     
Any developments or work product that are created by or on behalf of Seller 
in the performance of an Order, whether or not they may be protected by 
patent, copyright or otherwise, shall be work for hire and be the exclusive 
property of Buyer, and to the extent any such developments or work product 
do not qualify as work for hire, Seller assigns all rights in such 
developments or work product to Buyer and shall execute such further 
documents as may be necessary to record or otherwise enforce Buyer’s rights 
therein including patent, copyright, trademark or other intellectual 
property rights, and all related expenses shall be paid by Buyer. Seller 
hereby appoints Buyer as its attorney-in-fact to execute assignments of, 
and register all rights to, such developments and work product. Seller 
acknowledges that Buyer has a substantial interest in ensuring that the 
developments and work product are assigned to Buyer and that revocation of 
the appointment of attorney-in-fact would be inequitable.
 
    (e)                   Subcontractor Obligations
     
Seller shall ensure that the terms of its contracts with its subcontractors 
and employees are consistent with the terms of this Section.
 
19.          Proprietary Information
 
    (a)                   Buyer’s Information
     
Any information or knowledge clearly marked to be confidential which Buyer 
may have disclosed or may hereafter disclose to Seller in connection with 
the Order (including but not limited to the terms of the Order) and any and 
all services to be rendered and/or work
 
24
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
to be performed pursuant to the Order is and shall be deemed confidential 
and proprietary information (collectively, “Proprietary Information”) of 
Buyer. Seller shall not, without authorization in writing from Buyer, use 
(except as necessary to the performance of the Order), communicate or 
disclose the confidential and proprietary information of Buyer or use such 
information for any purpose other than to perform its obligations under the 
Order. Seller shall safeguard the confidential and proprietary information 
of Buyer by using reasonable efforts, and in any event no less effort than 
Seller uses in the protection of its own proprietary information of a 
similar nature, to prevent its disclosure to third parties. Seller shall 
cause its employees, “contractors”, officers, directors, agents and 
representatives to be bound by and comply with the foregoing restrictions 
regarding the use or disclosure of such confidential and proprietary 
information. Seller shall not assert any claims with respect to any 
technical information which Seller shall have disclosed or may hereafter 
disclose to Buyer in connection with the Supplies.
 
    (b)                   Limitations on Buyer’s Information
     
The restrictions and obligations of Section 19(a) do not apply to 
information that: (i) is already publicly known at the time of its 
disclosure by Buyer; (ii) after disclosure by Buyer becomes publicly known 
through no fault of Seller; or (iii) Seller can establish by written 
documentation was properly in its possession prior to disclosure by Buyer 
or was independently developed by Seller without use of or reference to 
Buyer’s information. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in these 
Terms, any confidentiality or non-disclosure agreement between the parties 
that predates the Order will remain in effect except as expressly modified 
by the Order, and to the extent of a conflict between the express terms of 
such an agreement and this Section, the terms of that agreement will 
control.
 
    (c)                   Ownership
     
All documents containing proprietary information relating to the Supplies 
produced or acquired by Seller under an Order shall belong to Buyer and 
Seller shall execute documents confirming ownership to Buyer. All drawings, 
know-how, and confidential information supplied to Seller by Buyer and all 
rights therein will remain the property of Buyer and shall be kept 
confidential by Seller.
 
    (d)                   Return
     
Seller shall, within five business days of Buyer’s request or the 
expiration or termination of Order, return all confidential and proprietary 
information (including all copies, notes and/or extracts thereof).
 
25
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
20.          Insurance; Waiver of Liens
 
    (a)                   Insurance
 
Seller shall furnish an insurance carrier’s certificate showing that Seller 
has adequate insurance coverage in the following minimum amounts: workmen’s 
compensation – statutory limits for jurisdictions in which work is to be 
performed; employer’s liability - $1,000,000; general liability including 
premises, operations, independent contractors, and contractual liability 
$10,000,000 single limit; owned and non-owned automotive liability – bodily 
injury $5,000,000 per person and $10,000,000 per occurrence; professional 
liability if professional services are included in Suppliers - $5,000,000; 
and broad form property damage on premises and in transit - $5,000,000; and 
products and completed operations - $10,000,000. Seller waives subrogation 
against Buyer. All policies must provide primary non-contributory coverage. 
Deductibles and co-insurance obligations of Seller shall be limited to 1% 
of the amount of the coverages and shall be paid by Seller. All policies 
shall be issued by an insurer with an AM Best rating of A- or better 
licensed to do business in the state, province, and country where Buyer 
shall use and sell the Supplies. Liability coverage shall include products, 
completed operations and (if available) recall. Buyer, each Credit Provider 
and the Secured Party shall be named as an additional insured under the 
policies and the acts of Seller contrary to policy provisions shall not be 
attributable to Buyer, any Credit Provider or the Secured Party. Seller 
shall furnish to Buyer a Certificate of Insurance completed by its 
insurance carrier(s) certifying that the required insurance coverages are 
in effect and will not be voided, canceled or materially changes until 30 
days after prior written notice has been delivered to Buyer and the Secured 
Party. The certificate must set forth the amount of each coverage, number 
of policy, date of expiration and buyers as an additional insured. If 
Seller is a self-insurer of works compensation liability, Seller shall 
furnish Buyer a certificate of the Department of Labor, or similarly 
government authority of the jurisdiction in which any labor is to be 
performed approving the self-insurance. The purchase of such insurance 
coverage or the furnishing of a certificate shall not be a satisfaction of 
Seller’s liability hereunder, or in any way modify Seller’s obligation to 
indemnify Buyer.
 
    (b)                   Waiver of Lien
     
Seller hereby waives all mechanics’ liens and claims and agrees that non 
shall be filed or maintained against Buyer’s premises or Supplies on 
account of any Supplies and shall cause all its subcontractors, material 
men and suppliers (and subcontractors of such parties) to provide similar 
waivers and agreements in form satisfactory to Buyer.
 
21.          Excusable Delay
 
    (a)                   Excused Performance
     
Any delay or failure of either party to perform its obligations will be 
excused for up to 30 days if and to the extent that the party is unable to 
perform due to an event or occurrence beyond its reasonable control and 
without its fault or negligence, such as: acts of God; restrictions, 
prohibitions, priorities or allocations imposed or actions taken by a 
governmental authority; embargoes; fires; explosions; natural disasters; 
riots; wars;
 
26
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
sabotage; or court injunction or order (collectively “Excusable Delay”). 
However, in no event will Seller’s performance be excused by: (i) the 
change in cost or availability of materials, components or services based 
on market conditions, supplier actions, labor disruptions or contract 
disputes; (ii) Seller’s financial distress; or (iii) any labor strike or 
other labor disruption applicable to Seller or to any of its subcontractors 
or suppliers. At the end of the 30 days, Buyer may terminate the Order as a 
termination for convenience.
 
    (b)                   Notice
     
Seller shall immediately give written notice to Buyer of any event or 
occurrence that threatens to delay or actually delays Seller’s performance 
under the Order. Such notice shall include all relevant information with 
respect to such threat, including the possible duration and impact of a 
delay. In addition, Seller shall notify Buyer in writing: (i) at least 60 
days prior to the expiration of any labor contract or collective agreement; 
and (ii) as soon as Seller becomes aware of any actual or threatened labor 
strike or other labor disruption; in each case as may be applicable to 
Seller or to any of its subcontractors or suppliers that are engaged in 
manufacturing or providing goods or services to Seller in connection with 
Seller’s obligations under the Order.
 
    (c)                   Mitigation
     
Seller, at its expense, shall use its best efforts to mitigate any adverse 
effects or costs to Buyer due to any actual or potential delay, including: 
(i) the implementation of a production contingency plan; and (ii) upon 
Buyer’s express written authorization, increasing Seller’s inventory of 
Supplies to a level sufficient to sustain deliveries during such delay. 
Seller shall notify Buyer immediately of any actual or potential labor 
dispute that delaying or threatening to delay timely performance of the 
Order, and will include all relevant information to Buyer. Seller shall 
notify Buyer in writing six months in advance of the expiration of any 
labor contract. Prior to the expiration of any labor contract of Seller, 
Seller shall establish, at its expense, a 40-working day inventory of 
Supplies in a neutral warehouse site at least 50 miles from Seller’s 
manufacturing locations. Such supply of Supplies shall be in place at least 
ten working days prior to the expiration of any labor contract.
 
    (d)                   Buyer’s Rights
     
During any delay or failure to perform by Seller, Buyer may at its option 
and at Seller’s expense: (i) purchase Supplies from other sources and 
reduce its schedules to Seller by such quantities, without liability to 
Seller; (ii) require Seller to deliver to Buyer at Buyer’s expense all 
finished goods, work in process and parts and materials produced or 
acquired for work under the Order; or (iii) have Seller provide Supplies 
from other sources in quantities and at a time requested by Buyer and at 
the price set forth in the Order. In addition, Seller at its expense shall 
take all necessary actions to ensure the
 
27
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
supply of Supplies to Buyer for a period of at least 40 days during any 
anticipated labor disruption or resulting from the expiration of Seller’s 
labor contracts.
 
22.          Buyer’s Liability
 
    (a)                   Limitation of Liability
     
Buyer’s sole liability and Seller’s exclusive remedies under the Order 
(including its termination, expiration or cancellation) is to pay for the 
Supplies in accordance with Section 4(c) and to pay the specific 
termination related amounts described in Sections 14(e) and 14(h).
 
    (b)                   Excluded Liabilities
     
In no event shall either party be liable for anticipated profits, interest, 
penalties or incidental, consequential, punitive, multiple, or exemplary 
damages or liabilities in connection with Order, whether for breach of 
contract, late payment, property damage, personal injury, illness, or death 
or otherwise.
 
23.          Limitation on Assignment and Subcontracting
 
    (a)                   Limited Assignment
     
The Order is issued to Seller, in reliance upon its personal performance of 
the obligations. Without prior written consent of Buyer which shall not be 
unreasonably withheld, Seller may not: (i) assign the Order or delegate the 
performance of its duties hereunder; or (ii) assign any accounts receivable 
from Buyer to third parties.
 
    (b)                   Liability for Seller’s Subcontractors
     
Seller shall ensure that the terms of its contracts with its sub-suppliers 
and subcontractors provide Buyer with all of the rights specified in the 
Order.
 
    (c)                   Retention of Seller’s Liability
     
Any subcontracting, assignment or delegation does not relieve Seller of any 
responsibility under the Order.
 
24.          Compliance with Laws
 
Seller shall comply with all applicable laws, rules, regulations, 
ordinances or other requirements of any national, state, provincial, local, 
multi-national or international body (collectively “Laws”) relating to the 
manufacture, sale, delivery and use of the Supplies. Upon request, Seller 
will submit to Buyer evidence of such compliance.
 
28
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
25.          Foreign Purchases
 
The following applies to all transactions involving Supplies to be imported 
into the country in which Seller’s place of final delivery is located:
 
    (a)                   Buyer’s Importation Rights
     
Buyer shall not be a party to the importation of the Supplies, the 
transaction(s) represented by an Order will be consummated subsequent to 
importation, and Seller will neither cause nor permit Buyer’s name to be 
shown as “Importer of Record” on any customs declaration.
 
    (b)                   Customs Forms
     
Upon request and where applicable, Seller shall provide Buyer and/or its 
designee all properly executed customs forms required by law for export and 
import of the Supplies. Upon request, Seller shall furnish promptly all 
documents required for customs drawback purposes, properly completed in 
accordance with government regulations applicable thereto. Unless otherwise 
stated in the Order, all customs drawback will be credited to Buyer.
 
    (c)                   Other Certificates
     
Upon request, Seller shall furnish promptly to Buyer certificates of local 
value added and certificates of origin in accordance with applicable 
government regulations.
 
    (d)                   Duties and Drawback Rights
     
The price for goods includes, and Buyer shall own, all related export and 
import customs duties and import drawback rights, if any, including rights 
developed by substitution and rights that may be acquired from Seller’s 
supplier(s) that Seller can transfer to Buyer. Buyer shall include such 
provisions in all its subcontracts.
 
26.          Buyer Financing
 
    (a)                   Security Interest
     
Buyer intends to assign as collateral, and grant a security interest in, 
all of Buyer’s rights under the Order and all Buyer’s Property to (i) the 
United States Department of Energy (“DOE”) and the Federal Financing Bank 
(“FFB”), acting pursuant to the Advanced Technology Vehicles Manufacturing 
Incentive Program (“ATVM”) administered by DOE, or (ii) a collateral agent 
or common security representative (who has been so designated by DOE with 
notice of such designation having been provided to Seller by, or on behalf 
of, DOE) acting for DOE, FFB, and certain other credit providers (DOE or, 
if a designation has occurred pursuant to clause (ii) above, such 
collateral agent
 
29
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
or common security representative, the “Secured Party”) to secure certain 
loans and other credit extensions to be made from time to time by DOE, FFB 
or certain other lenders (DOE, FFB and such other lenders, collectively, 
the “Credit Providers”) to Buyer. This collateral assignment shall not in 
any way affect Buyer’s duty to Seller to perform Buyer’s obligations under 
the Order. Seller acknowledges and consents to this collateral assignment 
and agrees to execute such additional consents and waivers as the Secured 
Party (or its representative) may reasonably request in order to evidence 
and perfect the Secured Party’s lien. Seller also agrees to notify the 
Secured Party prior to exercising any right it might have to suspend or 
terminate this Order because of acts of Buyer and provide the Secured Party 
a reasonable period to cure [(such period to be in any event a period of 
not less than 60 days after the Secured Party receives notice of Seller’s 
intended suspension or termination)] the non-performance permitting the 
Seller to suspend or terminate the Order. Seller agrees to accept 
performance or cure by a Credit Provider, the Secured Party (or their 
representatives) as performance or cure by Buyer and satisfaction by Buyer 
of its obligations under the Order. Notwithstanding any such cure, neither 
the Credit Providers, the Secured Party or their representatives will be 
deemed to have assumed any of Buyer’s obligations under the Order unless 
such person expressly agrees in writing with the Seller to do so. Seller 
acknowledges that the Secured Party is a third party beneficiary of 
Seller’s obligations under the Order and shall permit DOE or the Secured 
Party (or their representatives) to exercise the same inspection rights and 
access to Buyer’s Property as are available to Buyer under Section 15(b) as 
well as to exercise all of the other rights of Buyer under the Order. DOE 
and the Secured Party (or their representatives) and Buyer shall each be 
entitled to exercise all rights of Buyer under the Order unless the Secured 
Party notifies Seller that such rights may only be exercised by DOE, the 
Secured Party and their representatives. Should the Secured Party (or its 
representative) exercise its right to foreclose upon its security interest 
in the Order, it may transfer all of Buyer’s rights and obligations under 
the Order and any of Buyer’s Property to any third party.
 
    (b)                   Notices to Secured Party
     
Seller shall deliver any notices required to be given to the Secured Party 
pursuant to Section 26(a) and Section 28 to: Advance Technology Vehicles 
Manufacturing Loan Program, United States Department of Energy, 1000 
Independence Avenue, SW, Washington, DC 20585, Attention: Director ATVM 
Program, or such other address as the Secured Party may advise Seller from 
time to time.
 
27.          Miscellaneous
 
    (a)                   Jurisdiction and Applicable Law
     
The Order shall be interpreted and enforced in accordance with the laws of 
the State of California and of the United States of America, exclusive of 
the choice of law rules thereof. The state courts of California in Orange 
County, California or the federal courts
 
30
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
in the district including Orange County shall have exclusive jurisdiction 
and venue over any lawsuit arising out of or related to the Goods or Order. 
The United Nations Convention on the International Sale of Goods shall not 
apply.
 
    (b)                   Waiver
     
Either party’s failure to insist on the performance by the other party of 
any term or failure to exercise any right or remedy reserved in the Order, 
or either party’s waiver of any breach or default hereunder by the other 
party shall not, thereafter, waive any other terms, conditions, rights, 
remedies, breaches or defaults, whether of the same or a similar type or 
not.
 
    (c)                   Severability
     
If any provision of the Order, or portion of any provision, is declared or 
found to be unenforceable, the balance of the Order or such provision shall 
be interpreted and enforced to the greatest extent possible as if the 
unenforceable provision or portion had never been a part hereof. In 
particular, if any interest rate provided for herein is higher than that 
permitted by applicable law it shall automatically be amended to the 
highest legal rate.
 
    (d)                   Survival
     
The obligations of Seller to Buyer survive termination of the Order, except 
as otherwise provided in the Order.
 
    (e)                   Interpretation
     
No provision may be construed against Buyer as the drafting party. Section 
headings are for convenience or reference only, and do not affect the 
meaning of the Order.
 
    (f)                    No Publicity
     
Seller shall not advertise, publish or disclose to any third party (other 
than to Seller’s professional advisors on a confidential and need-to-know 
basis) in any manner the fact that Seller has contracted to furnish Buyer 
the Supplies covered by the Order or any terms of the Order (including 
prices), or use any trademarks or trade names of Buyer in any press 
release, advertising or promotional materials, without first obtaining 
Buyer’s written consent.
 
    (g)                   Relationship of Parties
     
Seller and Buyer are independent contracting parties and nothing in the 
Order shall make either party the employee, agent or legal representative 
of the other for any purpose. The Order does not grant either party any 
authority to assume or to create any obligation on
 
31
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
behalf of or in the name of the other. Seller shall be solely responsible 
for all employment and income taxes, insurance premiums, charges and other 
expenses it incurs in connection with its performance of the Order, except 
as expressly provided in a written agreement signed by Buyer. All employees 
and agents of Seller or its respective contractors are employees or agents 
solely of Seller or such contractors, and not of Buyer, and are not 
entitled to employee benefits or other rights accorded to Buyer’s 
employees. Buyer is not responsible for any obligation with respect to 
employees or agents of Seller or its subcontractors.
 
    (h)                   Conflict of Interest
     
Seller represents and warrants that its performance of the Order will not 
in any way conflict with any continuing interests or obligations of Seller 
or its employees or contractors. Seller further warrants that while the 
Order is in effect, Seller and those of its employees and contractors 
participating in the performance of the Order will refrain from any 
activities which could reasonably be expected to present a conflict of 
interest with respect to Seller’s relationship with Buyer or its 
performance of the Order.
 
28.          Dispute Resolution
 
    (a)                   Negotiation Process
     
    (i)            Before the filing of any claim in any court, a party
    will serve on the other party to the Terms (a) written notice of the
    claim, specifying the exact amount claimed and the provision of the
    Terms or other authority for the claim; and (b) a copy of all
    supporting documents.
     
    (ii)           Within 10 business days after service, the responding
    party will serve on the serving party (a) a written response, setting
    out its position and specifying the Terms or other provisions relied
    on; and (b) a copy of all supporting documents.
     
    (iii)          Within 5 business days after service of the response,
    the parties will meet to discuss resolution of the claim. Each party
    may bring up to three people to this negotiation, at least one of whom
    is a corporate officer who is not involved in the performance of this
    Agreement. The written claim notice and response and the documents
    produced, but not the subsequent discussion, are admissible in any
    subsequent proceeding.
     
    (iv)          Copies of all notices and other documentation to be
    delivered to any party shall also be provided to the Secured Party in
    the manner provided in
 
32
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
Section 26(b) and the Secured Party shall be allowed to have a 
representative participate in any discussions or negotiations related to 
the claim.
 
33
------------------------------------------------------------------------