 EX-10.30 11 v197007_ex10-30.htm
 
EXHIBIT 10.30
 
WARRANT AGENT AGREEMENT
 
WARRANT AGENT AGREEMENT, dated as of September 17, 2010 (“Agreement”), 
between Apricus Biosciences, Inc., a Nevada corporation (the “Company”), 
and Wells Fargo Bank, N.A. (the “Warrant Agent”).
 
R E C I T A L S
 

WHEREAS, pursuant to an effective registration statement, SEC File No. 
333-169132, the Company wishes to issue an aggregate of up to 1,728,882 
Units, each unit consisting of (i) three shares of common stock, par value 
$0.001 (the “Common Stock”), and (ii) one Common Stock Warrant (each a “
Warrant”), entitling the holder of each Warrant (the “Holders” which term 
shall include a Holder’s transferees, successors and assigns) to purchase 
one share of Common Stock upon the terms and subject to the conditions set 
forth herein and in the Warrant Certificate; and
 
WHEREAS, the Company wishes the Warrant Agent to act on behalf of the 
Company, and the Warrant Agent is willing so to act, in connection with the 
issuance, registration, transfer, exchange, exercise and replacement of the 
Warrants and, in the Warrant Agent’s capacity as the Company’s transfer 
agent and registrar, the delivery of the Warrant Shares;
 
NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and the mutual agreements 
herein set forth, the parties hereby agree as follows:
 
Section 1.               Certain Definitions.  For purposes of this 
Agreement, the following terms have the meanings indicated:
 
(a)           “Business Day” means any day other than a Saturday, Sunday or 
a day on which The Nasdaq Stock Market is authorized or obligated by law or 
executive order to close.
 
(b)           “Close of Business” on any given date means 5:00 p.m., New 
York City time, on such date; provided, however, that if such date is not a 
Business Day it means 5:00 p.m., New York City time, on the next succeeding 
Business Day.
 
(c)           “Exercise Notice” means with respect to the exercise of a 
Warrant, a form of election to purchase Common Stock in substantially the 
form attached to the Warrant Certificate.
 
(d)           “Exercise Price” means, depending on the context, the Initial 
Exercise Price or the adjusted exercise price per share, adjusted from time 
to time as described in the Warrant Certificate.
 
(e)           “Initial Exercise Price” means $2.268 per share of Common 
Stock.
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
(f)           “Person” means an individual, sole proprietorship, 
corporation, partnership, limited liability partnership, limited liability 
company, association, joint venture, trust, unincorporated organization, 
estate or other mutual company, joint stock company, estate, union, 
employee organization, bank, trust company, land trust or other 
organization, whether or not a legal entity.
 
(g)           “Warrant Certificate” means a certificate in substantially 
the form attached as Exhibit A hereto representing such number of Warrant 
Shares as is indicated on the face thereof, provided that any reference to 
the delivery of a Warrant Certificate in this Agreement shall include 
delivery of notice from the Depository or a Participant (each as defined 
below) of the transfer or exercise of Warrants in the form of a Book-Entry 
Warrant Certificate (as defined below).
 
(h)           “Warrant Shares” means the shares of Common Stock issuable 
upon exercise of the Warrants.
 
Section 2.               Appointment of Warrant Agent.  The Company hereby 
appoints the Warrant Agent to act as agent for the Company in accordance 
with the terms and conditions set forth herein and in the Warrant 
Certificate, and the Warrant Agent hereby accepts such appointment. The 
Company may from time to time appoint such Co-Warrant Agents as it may, in 
its sole discretion, deem necessary or desirable.
 
Section 3.               Book-Entry Warrant Certificates.
 
(a)           The Warrants shall be issuable in book entry (the “
Book-Entry Warrant Certificates”). All of the Warrants shall initially be 
represented by one or more Book-Entry Warrant Certificates deposited with 
the Depository Trust Company (“Depository”) and registered in the name of 
Cede & Co., a nominee of the Depository. Ownership of beneficial interests 
in the Warrants shall be shown on, and the transfer of such ownership shall 
be effected through, records maintained by (i) the Depository or its 
nominee for each Book-Entry Warrant Certificate or (ii) institutions that 
have accounts with the Depository (such institution, with respect to a 
Warrant in its account, a “Participant”).
 
(b)           If the Depository subsequently ceases to make its book-entry 
settlement system available for the Warrants, the Company may instruct the 
Warrant Agent regarding other arrangements for book-entry settlement. In 
the event that the Warrants are not eligible for, or it is no longer 
necessary to have the Warrants available in, book-entry form, the Warrant 
Agent shall provide written instructions to the Depository to deliver to 
the Warrant Agent for cancellation each Book-Entry Warrant Certificate, and 
the Company shall instruct the Warrant Agent to deliver to each Holder a 
Warrant Certificate.
 
Section 4.               Form of Warrant Certificates.  The Warrant 
Certificate, together with the Exercise Notice and the form of assignment 
to be printed on the reverse thereof, shall be substantially in the form of 
Exhibit A hereto.
 
2
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
Section 5.               Countersignature and Registration.  The Warrant 
Certificates shall be executed on behalf of the Company by its Chief 
Executive Officer or its President, either manually or by facsimile 
signature. The Warrant Certificates shall be countersigned by the Warrant 
Agent either manually or facsimile signature and shall not be valid for any 
purpose unless so countersigned. In case any officer of the Company who 
shall have signed any of the Warrant Certificates shall cease to be such 
officer of the Company before countersignature by the Warrant Agent and 
issuance and delivery by the Company, such Warrant Certificates, 
nevertheless, may be countersigned by the Warrant Agent, issued and 
delivered with the same force and effect as though the person who signed 
such Warrant Certificate had not ceased to be such officer of the Company; 
and any Warrant Certificate may be signed on behalf of the Company by any 
person who, at the actual date of the execution of such Warrant 
Certificate, shall be a proper officer of the Company to sign such Warrant 
Certificate, although at the date of the execution of this Warrant 
Agreement any such person was not such an officer.
 
The Warrant Agent will keep or cause to be kept, at its office in South St. 
Paul, MN, or at the office of one of its agents, books for registration and 
transfer of the Warrant Certificates issued hereunder. Such books shall 
show the names and addresses of the respective holders of the Warrant 
Certificates, the number of Warrants evidenced on the face of each of such 
Warrant Certificate and the date of each of such Warrant Certificate.   The 
Warrant Agent will create a special account for the issuance of Warrant 
Certificates.
 
Section 6.                Transfer, Split Up, Combination and Exchange of 
Warrant Certificates; Mutilated, Destroyed, Lost or Stolen Warrant 
Certificates.  Subject to the provisions of Section 14 hereof and the last 
sentence of this first paragraph of Section 6 and subject to compliance 
with any applicable securities laws, the Warrant Certificate(s) or 
Book-Entry Warrant Certificate(s) and all rights thereunder, are 
transferable, in whole or in part, upon surrender of the Warrant 
Certificate(s) to be transferred at the principal office of the Company or 
the Warrant Agent, provided that no such surrender is applicable to the 
Holder of a Book-Entry Warrant Certificate, together with a written 
assignment of such Warrant Certificate duly executed by the Holder or its 
agent or attorney and funds sufficient to pay any transfer taxes payable 
upon the making of such transfer.  Upon such surrender, and if required, 
such payment, the Company shall execute and deliver a new Warrant 
Certificate(s) in the name of such assignee or assignees and in the 
denomination or denominations specified in such instrument of assignment to 
the Warrant Agent to be countersigned and delivered to such assignee or 
assignees.  The Company shall execute and deliver a new Warrant Certificate 
evidencing the portion of the Warrant Certificate not so assigned to the 
Warrant Agent to be countersigned and delivered to the assignor.  The 
original Warrant Certificate shall promptly be cancelled by the Warrant 
Agent.  Any such transfer shall be promptly recorded in the warrant 
register.
 
The Company and the Warrant Agent covenant that upon receipt by the Company 
or the Warrant Agent of evidence reasonably satisfactory to it of the loss, 
theft, destruction or mutilation of the Warrant Certificate or any stock 
certificate relating to the Warrant Shares, and in case of loss, theft or 
destruction, of indemnity or security reasonably satisfactory to the 
Company or the Warrant Agent and upon surrender and cancellation of such 
Warrant or stock certificate, if mutilated, the Company will make and 
deliver a new Warrant Certificate or stock certificate, of like  tenor and 
denomination, to the Warrant Agent for delivery to the Holder in lieu of 
such Warrant Certificate or stock certificate.
 
3
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
Section 7.               Exercise of Warrants.
 
(a)           Subject to the provisions of the applicable Warrant 
Certificate, the Holder of a Warrant may exercise the Warrant at any time 
in whole or in part, at the option of the Holder, upon surrender of the 
Warrant Certificate, if required, with the executed Exercise Notice and 
payment of the Exercise Price, which may be made, at the option of the 
holder, by certified or bank cashier’s check payable to the Company, or a 
wire transfer of funds to an account designated by the Company, to the 
Warrant Agent at the principal office of the Warrant Agent in South St. 
Paul, MN or to the office of one of its agents as may be designated in 
writing by the Warrant Agent. In the case of the Holder of a Book-Entry 
Warrant Certificate, the Holder shall deliver the executed Exercise Notice 
and the payment of the Exercise Price as described herein.  Upon receipt of 
an Exercise Notice for a cashless exercise, the Warrant Agent will promptly 
deliver a copy of the Exercise Notice to the Company and the Company shall 
confirm in writing the number of Warrant Shares issuable in connection with 
the cashless exercise. The Company shall calculate and transmit to the 
Warrant Agent within one Business Day (and the Warrant Agent shall have no 
obligation under this section to calculate) the number of Warrant Shares 
issuable in connection with the cashless exercise.
 
(b)           Upon receipt of by the Warrant Agent of the Warrant 
Certificate, if applicable, the Exercise Notice and the Exercise Price as 
described in Section 7(a) above, the Warrant Agent shall use reasonable 
efforts to cause to be delivered the Warrant Shares to or upon the order of 
the Holder of such Warrant, registered in such name or names as may be 
designated by such Holder by the date that is three (3) Business Days after 
the latest of (A) the delivery to the Warrant Agent of the properly 
executed and completed Exercise Notice, (B) surrender of the Warrant 
Certificate (but only if required herein) and (C) payment of the Exercise 
Price and other amounts as set forth herein or in the Warrant Certificate 
(including by cashless exercise, if permitted) (such date, the “Warrant 
Share Delivery Date”); provided, however, that the Warrant Agent shall not 
be liable to the Company or the Holder for any damages arising out of the 
failure to deliver the Warrant Shares or Warrant Certificates by the 
Warrant Share Delivery Date to the extent that such failure relates to the 
acts or omissions of the Company, a Holder or a Holder’s prime broker. If 
the Warrant Agent fails to deliver to the Holder a certificate or the 
certificates representing the Warrant Shares (or, as described below, to 
credit the account of the Holder’s prime broker through the DWAC system) or 
Warrant Certificates by the Warrant Share Delivery Date, the Holder will 
have the right to rescind such exercise. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if 
the Company is then a participant in the Deposit Withdrawal at Custodian (“
DWAC”) system of the Depository and either (A) there is an effective 
registration statement permitting the issuance of the Warrant Shares to and 
resale of the Warrant Shares by holder or (B) the Warrant is being 
exercised via cashless exercise, the certificates for Warrant Shares shall 
be transmitted by the Warrant Agent to the Holder by crediting the account 
of the Holder’s prime broker with the Depository through its DWAC system.
 
(c)           In case the Holder of any Warrant Certificate shall exercise 
fewer than all Warrants evidenced thereby, a new Warrant Certificate 
evidencing the number of Warrants equivalent to the number of Warrants 
remaining unexercised shall be issued by the Warrant Agent to the Holder of 
such Warrant Certificate or to his duly authorized assigns, subject to the 
provisions of Sections 7 and 14 hereof.
 
4
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
Section 8.               Cancellation and Destruction of Warrant 
Certificates.  All Warrant Certificates surrendered for the purpose of 
exercise, transfer, split up, combination or exchange shall, if surrendered 
to the Company or to any of its agents, be delivered to the Warrant Agent 
for cancellation or in canceled form, or, if surrendered to the Warrant 
Agent, shall be canceled by it, and no Warrant Certificates shall be issued 
in lieu thereof except as expressly permitted by any of the provisions of 
this Agreement or the Warrant Certificate. The Company shall deliver to the 
Warrant Agent for cancellation and retirement, and the Warrant Agent shall 
so cancel and retire, any other Warrant Certificate purchased or acquired 
by the Company otherwise than upon the exercise thereof.   Subject to 
applicable laws and regulations, the Warrant Agent shall maintain in a 
retrievable database electronic records of all canceled or destroyed 
warrant certificates which have been canceled or destroyed by the Warrant 
Agent.  The Warrant Agent shall maintain such electronic records or 
physical records for the time period required by applicable law and 
regulation.  Upon written request of the Company (and at the expense of the 
Company), the Warrant Agent shall provide to the Company or its designee 
copies of such electronic records or physical records relating to warrant 
certificates canceled or destroyed by the Warrant Agent.
 
Section 9.               Certain Representations; Reservation and 
Availability of Shares of Common Stock.
 
(a)           This Agreement has been duly authorized, executed and 
delivered by the Company and, assuming due authorization, execution and 
delivery hereof by the Warrant Agent, constitutes a valid and legally 
binding obligation of the Company enforceable against the Company in 
accordance with its terms, and the Warrants and the Warrant Shares upon 
issuance have been duly authorized, executed and issued by the Company and, 
assuming due authentication thereof by the Warrant Agent pursuant hereto, 
constitute valid and legally binding obligations of the Company enforceable 
against the Company in accordance with their terms and entitled to the 
benefits hereof; in each case except as enforceability may be limited by 
bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium and other similar laws 
relating to or affecting creditors’ rights generally or by general 
equitable principles (regardless of whether such enforceability is 
considered in a proceeding in equity or at law).
 
(b)           The Company covenants and agrees that it will cause to be 
reserved and kept available out of its authorized and unissued shares of 
Common Stock or its authorized and issued shares of Common Stock held in 
its treasury, free from preemptive rights, the number of shares of Common 
Stock that will be sufficient to permit the exercise in full of all 
outstanding Warrants.
 
Section 10.               Common Stock Record Date.  Each person in whose 
name any certificate for shares of Common Stock is issued (or to whose 
prime broker’s account is credited shares of Common Stock through the DWAC 
system) upon the exercise of Warrants shall for all purposes be deemed to 
have become the holder of record for the Common Stock represented thereby 
on, and such certificate shall be dated, the date upon which the Warrant 
Certificate evidencing such Warrants was duly surrendered (but only if 
required herein) and payment of the Exercise Price (and any applicable 
transfer taxes) and submission of the Exercise Notice was made; provided, 
however, that if the date of such surrender (if applicable), payment and 
submission is a date upon which the Common Stock transfer books of the 
Company are closed, such person shall be deemed to have become the record 
holder of such shares on, and such certificate shall be dated, the next 
succeeding day on which the Common Stock transfer books of the Company are 
open.
 
5
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
Section 11.               Adjustment of Exercise Price, Number of Shares of 
Common Stock or Number of Warrants.  The Exercise Price, the number of 
shares covered by each Warrant and the number of Warrants outstanding are 
subject to adjustment from time to time as provided in the Warrant 
Certificate.
 
Section 12.               Certification of Adjusted Exercise Price or 
Number of Shares of Common Stock.  Whenever the Exercise Price or the 
number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon the exercise of each Warrant 
is adjusted as provided in the Warrant Certificate, the Company shall (a) 
promptly prepare a certificate setting forth the Exercise Price of each 
Warrant as so adjusted, and a brief statement of the facts accounting for 
such adjustment, (b) promptly file with the Warrant Agent and with each 
transfer agent for the Common Stock a copy of such certificate and (c) 
instruct the Warrant Agent to mail a brief summary thereof to each holder 
of a Warrant Certificate.
 
Section 13.               Reclassification, Consolidation, Purchase, 
Combination, Sale or Conveyance.  If, at any time while the Warrants are 
outstanding, the Company shall effect any Fundamental Transaction, as such 
term is used in the Warrant Certificate, the Company shall instruct the 
Warrant Agent to mail by first class mail, postage prepaid, to each Holder 
of a Warrant, written notice of the execution of any such amendment, 
supplement or agreement. Any supplemented or amended agreement entered into 
by the successor corporation or transferee shall provide for adjustments as 
set forth in the Warrant Certificate. The Warrant Agent shall be under no 
responsibility to determine the correctness of any provisions contained in 
such agreement relating either to the kind or amount of securities or other 
property receivable upon exercise of warrants or with respect to the method 
employed and provided therein for any adjustments and shall be entitled to 
rely upon the provisions contained in any such agreement. The provisions of 
this Section 13 shall similarly apply to successive Fundamental 
Transactions.
 
Section 14.               Agreement of Warrant Certificate Holders.  Every 
holder of a Warrant Certificate by accepting the same consents and agrees 
with the Company and the Warrant Agent and with every other holder of a 
Warrant Certificate that:
 
(a)           the Warrant Certificates are transferable only on the 
registry books of the Warrant Agent if surrendered at the principal office 
of the Warrant Agent, duly endorsed or accompanied by a proper instrument 
of transfer; and
 
6
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
(b)           the Company and the Warrant Agent may deem and treat the 
person in whose name the Warrant Certificate is registered as the absolute 
owner thereof and of the Warrants evidenced thereby (notwithstanding any 
notations of ownership or writing on the Warrant Certificates made by 
anyone other than the Company or the Warrant Agent) for all purposes 
whatsoever, and neither the Company nor the Warrant Agent shall be affected 
by any notice to the contrary.
 
Section 15.               Concerning the Warrant Agent.
 
(a)           The Company agrees to pay to the Warrant Agent reasonable 
compensation for all services rendered by it hereunder and, from time to 
time, on demand of the Warrant Agent, its reasonable expenses and counsel 
fees and other disbursements incurred in the administration and execution 
of this Agreement and the exercise and performance of its duties hereunder.
 
(b)           The Company covenants and agrees to indemnify and to hold the 
Warrant Agent harmless against any costs, expenses (including reasonable 
fees of its legal counsel), losses or damages, which may be paid, incurred 
or suffered by or to which it may become subject, arising from or out of, 
directly or indirectly, any claims or liability resulting from its actions 
as Warrant Agent pursuant hereto; provided, that such covenant and 
agreement does not extend to, and the Warrant Agent shall not be 
indemnified with respect to, such costs, expenses, losses and damages 
incurred or suffered by the Warrant Agent as a result of, or arising out 
of, its breach of this Agreement or the Warrant Agent’s gross negligence, 
bad faith, or willful misconduct.
 
(c)           Promptly after the receipt by the Warrant Agent of notice of 
any demand or claim or the commencement of any action, suit, proceeding or 
investigation, the Warrant Agent shall, if a claim in respect thereof is to 
be made against the Company, notify the Company thereof in writing. The 
Company shall be entitled to participate at its own expense in the defense 
of any such claim or proceeding, and, if it so elects at any time after 
receipt of such notice, it may assume the defense of any suit brought to 
enforce any such claim or of any other legal action or proceeding. For the 
purposes of this Section 15, the terms “expense” or “loss” mean any amount 
paid or payable to satisfy any claim, demand, action, suit or proceeding, 
and all reasonable costs and expenses, including, but not limited to, 
reasonable counsel fees and disbursements, paid or incurred in 
investigating or defending against any such claim, demand, action, suit, 
proceeding or investigation.
 
(d)           The Warrant Agent shall be responsible for any and all 
losses, damages, costs, charges, counsel fees, payments, expenses and 
liability (collectively, “Losses”), and shall indemnify and hold the 
Company harmless from and against such Losses, arising out of or 
attributable to the Warrant Agent’s breach of Section 7(b) of this 
Agreement.
 
(e)           Promptly after the receipt by the Company of notice of any 
demand or claim or the commencement of any action, suit, proceeding or 
investigation, the Company shall, if a claim in respect thereof is to be 
made against the Warrant Agent, notify the Warrant Agent thereof in 
writing. The Warrant Agent shall be entitled to participate at its own 
expense in the defense of any such claim or proceeding, and, if it so 
elects at any time after receipt of such notice, it may assume the defense 
of any suit brought to enforce any such claim or of any other legal action 
or proceeding.  Warrant Agent agrees that any Losses under Section 1(g) of 
the Warrant Certificate will be considered direct damages under this 
Agreement for which Warrant Agent shall promptly remit payment upon notice 
of any demand.
 
7
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
Section 16.               Purchase or Consolidation or Change of Name of 
Warrant Agent.
 
(a)           Any corporation into which the Warrant Agent or any successor 
Warrant Agent may be merged or with which it may be consolidated, or any 
corporation resulting from any merger or consolidation to which the Warrant 
Agent or any successor Warrant Agent shall be party, or any corporation 
succeeding to the business of the Warrant Agent or any successor Warrant 
Agent, shall be the successor to the Warrant Agent under this Agreement 
without the execution or filing of any paper or any further act on the part 
of any of the parties hereto, provided that such corporation would be 
eligible for appointment as a successor Warrant Agent under the provisions 
of Section 18. In case at the time such successor Warrant Agent shall 
succeed to the agency created by this Agreement any of the Warrant 
Certificates shall have been countersigned but not delivered, any such 
successor Warrant Agent may adopt the countersignature of the predecessor 
Warrant Agent and deliver such Warrant Certificates so countersigned; and 
in case at that time any of the Warrant Certificates shall not have been 
countersigned, any successor Warrant Agent may countersign such Warrant 
Certificates either in the name of the predecessor Warrant Agent or in the 
name of the successor Warrant Agent; and in all such cases such Warrant 
Certificates shall have the full force provided in the Warrant Certificates 
and in this Agreement.
 
(b)           In case at any time the name of the Warrant Agent shall be 
changed and at such time any of the Warrant Certificates shall have been 
countersigned but not delivered, the Warrant Agent may adopt the 
countersignature under its prior name and deliver Warrant Certificates so 
countersigned; and in case at that time any of the Warrant Certificates 
shall not have been countersigned, the Warrant Agent may countersign such 
Warrant Certificates either in its prior name or in its changed name; and 
in all such cases such Warrant Certificates shall have the full force 
provided in the Warrant Certificates and in this Agreement.
 
Section 17.               Duties of Warrant Agent.  The Warrant Agent 
undertakes the duties and obligations imposed by this Agreement upon the 
following terms and conditions, by all of which the Company and the Holders 
of Warrant Certificates, by their acceptance thereof, shall be bound:
 
(a)           The Warrant Agent may consult with legal counsel (who may be 
legal counsel for the Company), and the opinion of such counsel shall be 
full and complete authorization and protection to the Warrant Agent as to 
any action taken or omitted by it in good faith and in accordance with such 
opinion.
 
(b)           Whenever in the performance of its duties under this 
Agreement the Warrant Agent shall deem it necessary or desirable that any 
fact or matter be proved or established by the Company prior to taking or 
suffering any action hereunder, such fact or matter (unless other evidence 
in respect thereof be herein specifically prescribed) may be deemed to be 
conclusively proved and established by written (including electronic) 
instructions of the Chief Executive Officer or President of the Company or 
by the Secretary of the Company and delivered to the Warrant Agent; and 
such certificate shall be full authentication to the Warrant Agent for any 
action taken or suffered in good faith by it under the provisions of this 
Agreement in reliance upon such writing.
 
(c)           The Warrant Agent shall not be liable for or by reason of any 
of the statements of fact or recitals contained in this Agreement or in the 
Warrant Certificates (except its countersignature thereof) or be required 
to verify the same, but all such statements and recitals are and shall be 
deemed to have been made by the Company only.
 
8
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
(d)           The Warrant Agent shall not be under any responsibility in 
respect of the validity of this Agreement or the execution and delivery 
hereof (except the due execution hereof by the Warrant Agent) or in respect 
of the validity or execution of any Warrant Certificate (except its 
countersignature thereof); nor shall it be responsible for any breach by 
the Company of any covenant or condition contained in this Agreement or in 
any Warrant Certificate; nor shall it be responsible for the adjustment of 
the Exercise Price or the making of any change in the number of shares of 
Common Stock or Warrant Shares required under the provisions of Section 7, 
Section 11, Section 13 and the Warrant Certificate or responsible for the 
manner, method or amount of any such change or the ascertaining of the 
existence of facts that would require any such adjustment or change (except 
with respect to the exercise of Warrants evidenced by Warrant Certificates 
after actual notice of any adjustment of the Exercise Price); nor shall it 
by any act hereunder be deemed to make any representation or warranty as to 
the authorization or reservation of any shares of Common Stock to be issued 
pursuant to this Agreement or any Warrant Certificate or as to whether any 
shares of Common Stock will, when issued, be duly authorized, validly 
issued, fully paid and nonassessable.
 
(e)           The Company agrees that it will perform, execute, acknowledge 
and deliver or cause to be performed, executed, acknowledged and delivered 
all such further and other acts, instruments and assurances as may 
reasonably be required by the Warrant Agent for the carrying out or 
performing by the Warrant Agent of the provisions of this Agreement.
 
(f)           The Warrant Agent is hereby authorized to accept instructions 
with respect to the performance of its duties hereunder from the Chief 
Executive Officer, the President or the Secretary of the Company, and to 
apply to such officers for advice or instructions in connection with its 
duties, and it shall not be liable and shall be indemnified and held 
harmless for any action taken or suffered to be taken by it in good faith 
in accordance with instructions of any such officer, provided Warrant Agent 
carries out such instructions without gross negligence, bad faith or 
willful misconduct.
 
(g)           The Warrant Agent and any shareholder, director, officer, 
manager, member or employee of the Warrant Agent may buy, sell or deal in 
any of the Warrants or other securities of the Company or become 
pecuniarily interested in any transaction in which the Company may be 
interested, or contract with or lend money to the Company or otherwise act 
as fully and freely as though it were not Warrant Agent under this 
Agreement. Nothing herein shall preclude the Warrant Agent from acting in 
any other capacity for the Company or for any other legal entity.
 
(h)           The Warrant Agent may execute and exercise any of the rights 
or powers hereby vested in it or perform any duty hereunder either itself 
or by or through its attorney or agents, and the Warrant Agent shall not be 
answerable or accountable for any act, default, neglect or misconduct of 
any such attorney or agents or for any loss to the Company resulting from 
any such act, default, neglect or misconduct, provided reasonable care was 
exercised in the selection and continued employment thereof.
 
9
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
Section 18.               Change of Warrant Agent.  The Warrant Agent may 
resign and be discharged from its duties under this Agreement upon 30 days’ 
notice in writing mailed to the Company and to each transfer agent of the 
Common Stock by registered or certified mail, and to the holders of the 
Warrant Certificates by first-class mail. The Company may remove the 
Warrant Agent or any successor Warrant Agent upon 30 days’ notice in 
writing, mailed to the Warrant Agent or successor Warrant Agent, as the 
case may be, and to each transfer agent of the Common Stock by registered 
or certified mail, and to the holders of the Warrant Certificates by 
first-class mail. If the Warrant Agent shall resign or be removed or shall 
otherwise become incapable of acting, the Company shall appoint a successor 
to the Warrant Agent. If the Company shall fail to make such appointment 
within a period of 30 days after such removal or after it has been notified 
in writing of such resignation or incapacity by the resigning or 
incapacitated Warrant Agent or by the holder of a Warrant Certificate (who 
shall, with such notice, submit his Warrant Certificate for inspection by 
the Company), then the Holder of any Warrant Certificate may apply to any 
court of competent jurisdiction for the appointment of a new Warrant Agent. 
Any successor Warrant Agent, whether appointed by the Company or by such a 
court, shall be a corporation organized and doing business under the laws 
of the United States or of a state thereof, in good standing. After 
appointment, the successor Warrant Agent shall be vested with the same 
powers, rights, duties and responsibilities as if it had been originally 
named as Warrant Agent without further act or deed; but the predecessor 
Warrant Agent shall deliver and transfer to the successor Warrant Agent any 
property at the time held by it hereunder, and execute and deliver any 
further assurance, conveyance, act or deed necessary for the purpose. Not 
later than the effective date of any such appointment, the Company shall 
file notice thereof in writing with the predecessor Warrant Agent and each 
transfer agent of the Common Stock, and mail a notice thereof in writing to 
the Holders of the Warrant Certificates. However, failure to give any 
notice provided for in this Section 18, or any defect therein, shall not 
affect the legality or validity of the resignation or removal of the 
Warrant Agent or the appointment of the successor Warrant Agent, as the 
case may be.
 
Section 19.               Warrant Exercise Solicitation.  From time to 
time, the Company may engage one or more registered broker-dealer(s) to act 
as the Company’s agent for the solicitation of the exercise of the 
Warrants.  If so engaged, the Company will provide the Warrant Agent with 
written notice of the engagement and the Warrant Agent agrees that it will 
reasonably cooperate with such solicitation activities.
 
Section 20.               Notices.  Notices or demands authorized by this 
Agreement to be given or made (i) by the Warrant Agent or by the Holder of 
any Warrant Certificate to or on the Company, (ii)  subject to the 
provisions of Section 18, by the Company or by the Holder of any Warrant 
Certificate to or on the Warrant Agent or (iii) by the Company or the 
Warrant Agent to the Holder of any Warrant Certificate, shall be deemed 
given (x) on the date delivered, if delivered personally, (y) on the first 
Business Day following the deposit thereof with Federal Express or another 
recognized overnight courier, if sent by Federal Express or another 
recognized overnight courier, and (z) on the fourth Business Day following 
the mailing thereof with postage prepaid, if mailed by registered or 
certified mail (return receipt requested), in each case to the parties at 
the following addresses (or at such other address for a party as shall be 
specified by like notice):
 
(a)
If to the Company, to:
 
           Apricus Biosciences, Inc.
           6330 Nancy Ridge Road
           San Diego, California 92121
           Attention: President
 
10
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
(b)
If to the Warrant Agent, to:
 
           Wells Fargo Bank, N.A.
           Attn:  Account Management
           161 North Concord Exchange
           South St. Paul, MN  55075
 
If to the Holder of any Warrant Certificate, to the address of such holder 
as shown on the registry books of the Company. Any notice required to be 
delivered by the Company to the Holder of any Warrant may be given by the 
Warrant Agent on behalf of the Company.
 
Section 21.               Supplements and Amendments.
 
(a)           The Company and the Warrant Agent may from time to time 
supplement or amend this Agreement without the approval of any Holders of 
Warrant Certificates in order to cure any ambiguity, to correct or 
supplement any provision contained herein which may be defective or 
inconsistent with any other provisions herein, or to make any other 
provisions with regard to matters or questions arising hereunder which the 
Company and the Warrant Agent may deem necessary or desirable and which 
shall not adversely affect the interests of the Holders of Warrant 
Certificates.
 
(b)           In addition to the foregoing, with the consent of Holders of 
Warrants entitled, upon exercise thereof, to receive not less than a 
majority of the shares of Warrant Shares issuable thereunder, the Company 
and the Warrant Agent may modify this Agreement for the purpose of adding 
any provisions to or changing in any manner or eliminating any of the 
provisions of this Warrant Agreement or modifying in any manner the rights 
of the holders of the Warrant Certificates; provided, however, that no 
modification of the terms (including but not limited to the adjustments 
described in Section 11) upon which the Warrants are exercisable or 
reducing the percentage required for consent to modification of this 
Agreement may be made without the consent of the holder of each outstanding 
warrant certificate affected thereby.
 
Section 22.               Successors.  All covenants and provisions of this 
Agreement by or for the benefit of the Company or the Warrant Agent shall 
bind and inure to the benefit of their respective successors and assigns 
hereunder.
 
Section 23.               Benefits of this Agreement.  Nothing in this 
Agreement shall be construed to give any Person other than the Company and 
the Warrant Agent any legal or equitable right, remedy or claim under this 
Agreement; but this Agreement shall be for the sole and exclusive benefit 
of the Company, the Warrant Agent and the Holders of the Warrant 
Certificates.
 
Section 24.               Governing Law.  This Agreement and each Warrant 
Certificate issued hereunder shall be governed by, and construed in 
accordance with, the laws of the State of California without giving effect 
to the conflicts of law principles thereof.
 
Section 25.               Counterparts.  This Agreement may be executed in 
any number of counterparts and each of such counterparts shall for all 
purposes be deemed to be an original, and all such counterparts shall 
together constitute but one and the same instrument.
 
11
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
Section 26.               Captions.  The captions of the sections of this 
Agreement have been inserted for convenience only and shall not control or 
affect the meaning or construction of any of the provisions hereof.
 
Section 27.               Force Majeure.  Notwithstanding anything to the 
contrary contained herein, neither Warrant Agent nor the Company shall be 
liable for, or considered to be in breach of or default under this 
Agreement (including Section 15) on account of any delay or failure to 
perform its obligations hereunder due to causes beyond such party’s 
reasonable control including, without limitation, acts of God, terrorist 
acts, shortage of supply, breakdowns or malfunctions, interruptions or 
malfunction of computer facilities, or loss of data due to power failures 
or mechanical difficulties with information storage or retrieval systems, 
labor difficulties, war, or civil unrest.
 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be 
duly executed as of the day and year first above written.
 
  	APRICUS BIOSCIENCES, INC. 	 
  	  	 
  	  	  	 
 
By:
/s/ Mark Westgate 	 
  	Name:  	Mark Westgate 	 
  	Title: 	President and Chief Financial Officer 	 
  	  	  	 
 
  	WELLS FARGO BANK, N.A. 	 
  	  	 
  	  	  	 
 
By:
/s/ Suzanne M. Swits 	 
  	Name:  	Suzanne M. Swits 	 
  	Title: 	Vice President 	 
  	  	  	 
 
12
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
EXHIBIT A
 
FORM OF WARRANT CERTIFICATE
 
13
------------------------------------------------------------------------