 EX-10.2 3 biotel105592_ex10-2.htm SETTLEMENT AGREEMENT
 
 
Exhibit 10.2
 
SETTLEMENT AGREEMENT AND RELEASE
 
 
THIS SETTLEMENT AGREEMENT AND RELEASE (“Agreement”), is made by and between 
CardioNet, Inc. (“CardioNet”) and Biotel, Inc. (“Biotel”), with both 
parties being referred to collectively as the “Settling Parties.”
 
WHEREAS, the Settling Parties previously entered into a merger agreement, 
dated as of April 1, 2009 (“Prior Agreement”); and
 
WHEREAS, the merger contemplated by the Prior Agreement has not been 
consummated, and as a result, Biotel filed a Complaint and Jury Demand in 
the United States District Court for the District of Minnesota, Case No. 
09-cv-02013-DSD-JJK (the “Lawsuit”); and
 
WHEREAS, the Settling Parties desire to resolve all claims, disputes, and 
differences between and among them regarding the subject matter of the 
Lawsuit by entering into this Agreement, pursuant to which the Settling 
Parties agree, among other things: (i) to terminate the Prior Agreement; 
(ii) to settle the Lawsuit with respect thereto; and, (iii) to enter into a 
Merger Agreement by and among Parent (CardioNet) and Target (Biotel) 
(hereinafter “Merger Agreement”) dated as of the date of this Agreement.  
Unless otherwise noted, all capitalized terms carry the meaning or 
definition as stated in the Merger Agreement.
 
NOW THEREFORE, for good and valuable consideration, the receipt and 
sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the Settling Parties hereby 
agree as follows:
 
1.             Release and Waiver of Claims.  The Settling Parties agree to 
release, discharge and forever acquit to the greatest extent allowed by law 
the other Party from any and all actions, claims, demands and causes of 
action or suits at law or in equity, past, present or future, of any kind, 
character and description, and for any form of relief, including claims for 
damages, injunctive relief, attorneys’ fees, costs, and expenses, that many 
now exist or hereafter accrue, whether known or unknown, vested or 
contingent, direct or indirect, arising out of, relating to, or in 
connection with the Prior Agreement dated April 1, 2009, any and all 
amendments thereto, and related agreements, including, but not limited to, 
all claims which were or could have been asserted in the Lawsuit.  This 
mutual release and waiver of claims shall inure to the benefit of and be 
binding upon the Settling Parties and their subsidiaries and affiliates, 
shareholders, directors, managers, officers, employees, agents, insurers, 
predecessors, successors and assigns.  This mutual release and waiver of 
claims shall become effective as of the earlier of:
 
(a)  the Closing Date,
 
(b)  the termination of the Merger Agreement pursuant to section 7.1(a) or 
7.1(f)  thereof,
 
(c)  the termination of the Merger Agreement pursuant to section 7.1(g) 
thereof, but only if the basis for such termination is Biotel’s breach or 
failure to perform in a material respect the covenants or other agreements 
contained in Article 5 of the Merger Agreement, or
 
(d)  the Company, within 12 months after termination of the Merger 
Agreement, entering into a definitive agreement to consummate, or 
consummating, a transaction contemplated by any Alternative Proposal,
 
(the date of the earliest of the foregoing, the “Effective Release Date”).
 
2.             Dismissal of Lawsuit.  The Settling Parties, by their 
respective counsel, shall, on the Effective Release Date, execute, deliver 
and cause to be filed in the Court in which the Lawsuit is pending a 
stipulation of dismissal with prejudice and without costs in the form 
attached as Exhibit 1 to this Agreement.  Each of the Settling Parties 
shall bear its own costs and expenses relating to the dismissal of the 
Lawsuit, and the negotiation, preparation and execution of this Agreement.  
The Settling Parties shall each bear its own attorney’s fees.
 
 
1
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
3.             Joint Defense of LifeWatch Patent Suit.  In view of the 
common interests of the Settling Parties, the Settling Parties agree that, 
from the date of this Agreement until the Effective Release Date, they 
shall enter into a joint defense agreement and jointly defend against the 
lawsuit filed in the United States District Court for the Northern District 
of Illinois by LifeWatch Services, Inc. and Card Guard Scientific Survival 
Limited against Braemar, Inc., a Biotel subsidiary, Case No. 1:09-cv-06001 
(the “LifeWatch Patent Suit”).  As part of the joint defense, Biotel agrees 
that it will require, to the extent practical given confidentiality and 
other obligations, Braemar to consult with CardioNet on significant case 
decisions, including pleadings, motions, stipulations, or other filings and 
before serving any papers on opposing counsel or third parties, including 
discovery requests and responses, subpoenas, expert reports, motions, claim 
construction papers, contentions, or other papers.  Prior to the Effective 
Release Date Braemar shall not, however, be required to obtain the approval 
of CardioNet on such decisions (except as required by section 5.1(b)(xviii) 
of the Merger Agreement); however, Braemar shall take all reasonable steps 
to protect and preserve CardioNet’s prospective interests and rights in the 
lawsuit.  To the extent possible given confidentiality obligations, Biotel 
agrees that it will require Braemar to provide to CardioNet copies of all 
such court filings and papers served by LifeWatch or Card Guard.  Each of 
the Settling Parties shall bear its own fees and expenses in connection 
with the joint defense.  The Settling Parties further agree that this 
agreement does not create any attorney-client relationship between counsel 
for one Settling Party and the other Settling Party or its subsidiary.  
This joint defense will expire upon the earlier of the date of expiration 
of the Merger Agreement, March 31, 2011, or the Effective Release Date. 
 
4.             Stay of Lawsuit.  In light of the transactions contemplated 
by the Merger Agreement, the Settling Parties hereby agree that, as soon as 
practicable following the date of this Agreement, each of CardioNet and 
Biotel will file with the United States District Court for the District of 
Minnesota a request to stay the Lawsuit until the earlier to occur of (i) 
the termination of the Merger Agreement or (ii) March 31, 2011.
 
5.             Effective Date.  This Agreement shall become effective upon 
its execution by both Settling Parties and upon execution of the Merger 
Agreement, to which this Agreement is an exhibit. 
 
6.             No Reliance on Third Party Statements.  Each of the Settling 
Parties hereby acknowledges that it has not relied on any statement, 
representation, inducement, or promise of any other party (or any officer, 
agent, employee, representative, or attorney for any other party) in 
executing this Agreement, or making the settlement provided for herein, 
except as expressly stated in this Agreement.
 
7.             Representations of the Settling Parties.  Each of the 
Settling Parties represents and warrants that it has read this Agreement, 
knows and understands the full content of this Agreement, is voluntarily 
entering into this Agreement upon the advice of its attorneys, and the 
individual executing this Agreement on such Settling Party’s behalf has the 
authority to execute this Agreement and bind the Settling Party on behalf 
of which such individual executes this Agreement.
 
8.             Confidentiality.  The terms and conditions of, and 
negotiations leading to, (but not the fact of) this Agreement shall be 
treated as confidential, and shall not be disclosed to any third party, 
provided however, that the Settling Parties shall be permitted to disclose 
this Agreement and its provisions: (1) pursuant to court order; (2) to 
their attorneys, or accountants; (3) as may be necessary to comply with 
reporting or disclosure requirements of any governmental or regulatory body 
or agency; or (4) to obtain legal, tax or accounting advice, or pursuant to 
the terms of an applicable insurance policy.  Further disclosure of any 
such information which is not already publicly available shall be made only 
upon written consent of the parties or upon order or process of a court of 
competent jurisdiction. In addition, the Settling Parties shall not 
disclose to any other person any information or discussions exchanged 
between the parties regarding the terms and conditions of this Agreement 
and further shall maintain as confidential all communications, discussions, 
and information regarding the Disputes and the Lawsuit (except that which 
is already publicly available).  Should either Party violate this 
provision, it agrees to indemnify and hold the other Party harmless from 
all resulting expenses, legal fees, and damages incurred to enforce this 
Agreement or this provision.
 
9.             Severability.  If any provision of this Agreement is deemed 
by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid or unenforceable, the 
remaining provisions hereof shall continue to be fully effective, provided 
that such remaining provisions do not increase the obligations or 
liabilities of the Settling Parties.
 
 
2
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
10.          Counterparts; Headings.   This Agreement may be executed in 
any number of counterparts, each of which when so executed shall be deemed 
to be an original, and such counterparts together shall constitute and be 
one and the same instrument. Paragraph headings used in this Agreement are 
provided for convenience only and shall not be deemed to constitute a part 
hereof.
 
11.          Entire Agreement; Amendment; Waiver.  This Agreement, together 
with the recitals, Exhibit 1 referenced herein, and the Merger Agreement, 
is the entire agreement between the Settling Parties, supersedes and 
replaces any prior oral or written communications, representations, or 
understandings concerning the terms of this Agreement.  It may be modified 
only by an instrument in writing executed by the parties hereto.  No 
omission or delay of any party in exercising any right under this Agreement 
shall constitute or operate as a waiver of that or any other right.  The 
recitals set forth on page 1 are incorporated into the terms and conditions 
of this Agreement.
 
12.          Binding Effect.  This Agreement shall be binding upon and 
inure to the benefit of the respective successors and assigns of the 
Settling Parties.
 
13.          Governing Law.  This Agreement shall be governed by Minnesota 
law.  The rule of construction that any ambiguities herein are to be 
resolved against the drafting party shall not be employed in the 
interpretation of this Agreement. 
 
                14.          District Court Jurisdiction.  The United 
States District Court for the District of Minnesota shall retain 
jurisdiction to hear and resolve any and all disputes which arise from or 
relate to this Agreement.
 
 
 
3
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
WHEREFORE, each of the Settling Parties has caused this Agreement to be 
duly executed on the dates set forth below.
 
 
CARDIONET, INC.
 
BIOTEL, INC.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
By:
/s/ Heather Getz
      
By:
/s/ B. Steven Springrose
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Name:
Heather Getz
 
 
Name:
B. Steven Springrose
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Title:
SVP & CFO
 
 
Title:
President & CEO
 
 
 
 
 
Date:
11/5/10
 
Date:
11/5/10
 
 
 



4
------------------------------------------------------------------------

EXHIBIT 1
STIPULATION OF DISMISSAL WITH PREJUDICE
 
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT
DISTRICT OF MINNESOTA
 
Biotel, Inc.,
Civil File No. 09-cv-02013 (DSD-JJK)
 
Plaintiff,
 
 
v.
STIPULATION OF DISMISSAL
WITH PREJUDICE
CardioNet, Inc.,
 
Defendant.
 
 
The parties above-named, by and through their undersigned counsel, hereby 
stipulate to dismissal of the above-captioned matter with prejudice.  Each 
party shall bear its own costs and attorneys fees.
 
Dated:  October __, 2010
GRAY, PLANT, MOOTY, MOOTY & BENNETT, P.A.
 
 
 
 
By
 
 
 
Michael R. Cunningham (#20424)
Dean C. Eyler (#267491)
Sitso W. Bedaiko (#0389073)
 
500 IDS Center
80 S. Eighth Street
Minneapolis, MN 55402-3796
Telephone:  (612) 632-3000
 
 
 
 
Attorneys for Plaintiff Biotel, Inc.
Dated:  October __, 2010
DORSEY & WHITNEY LLP
 
 
 
 
By
 
 
 
Steven J. Wells #0163508
wells.steve@dorsey.com
Heather M. McCann #0386881
mccann.heather@dorsey.com
Britta Schnoor Loftus #0388020
loftus.britta@dorsey.com
 
50 South Sixth Street, Suite 1500
Minneapolis, MN 55402-1498
Telephone:  (612) 340-2600
 
 
 
Attorneys for Defendant CardioNet, Inc.
 
5
------------------------------------------------------------------------