 EX-10.2 3 exhibit_10-2.htm EXHIBIT 10.2
------------------------------------------------------------------------
------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXHIBIT 10.2
 
Emerson Healthcare LLC
Account Services Agreement

This Account Services Agreement (this “Agreement”) dated as of this 27th 
day of August, is between Emerson Healthcare LLC, a Pennsylvania limited 
liability company located at 407 E. Lancaster Avenue, Wayne, PA 19087 (“
Emerson”), and SCOLR Pharma, Inc., a Delaware corporation located at 19204 
North Creek Pkwy #100, Bothell, WA (“SCOLR”).

WHEREAS, SCOLR and an affiliate of Emerson (the “Sales Affiliate”) have 
entered into a Sales Agency Agreement effective as of August 1, 2010 (the “
Sales Agreement”) pursuant to which the Sales Affiliate will act as a 
non-exclusive sales agent for SCOLR’s nutritional product line; and

WHEREAS, Emerson provides logistic, distribution and account related 
services; and

WHEREAS, SCOLR wishes to appoint Emerson as its agent solely for purposes 
of the services described herein, and Emerson wishes to accept such 
appointment and provide such services to SCOLR; and

NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing recitals and other good 
and valuable consideration, the receipt of which is hereby acknowledged, 
the parties agree as follows:

AGREEMENT

1.           Defined Terms.  Capitalized terms used herein but not defined 
shall have the meanings given to them in the Sales Agreement.

2.           Appointment.  SCOLR hereby appoints Emerson as its agent 
solely for purposes of performing the logistics, distribution and account 
management services described herein (the “Services”).  Emerson hereby 
accepts such appointment and agrees to perform the Services in accordance 
with the terms of this Agreement.

3.            Duties of Emerson.

(a)           Emerson shall diligently perform the services of a logistics, 
account and collections manager according to procedures established by 
Emerson and SCOLR from time to time, as contemplated by Section 3(b).  The 
Services shall include the following:

 
(i)
Emerson shall process and ensure timely fulfillment of orders received from 
the Sales Affiliate, including the arrangement of warehousing, freight and 
remittance services with respect to such orders.

 
(ii)
Emerson shall keep accurate and updated records of the locations of all 
Products distributed to SCOLR’s customers, and current levels of retail 
inventory stock at each such customer.  Emerson shall monitor customer 
sell-through and keep accurate records of returns, damages, promotional 
charges and similar items.

 
(iii)
Emerson shall arrange notification procedures, warehousing, freight and/or 
destruction of returned or recalled Products, and shall arrange and settle 
the accounts of customers in respect of returns, damages, promotional 
charges and similar items.

 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
(iv)
Emerson shall maintain accurate records of customer accounts, accounts 
payable in respect of sales of Products and related logistics expense, 
accounts receivable and aging and collected accounts.

 
(v)
Emerson shall manage collections of SCOLR’s accounts, and shall use all 
commercially reasonable efforts to collect accounts as promptly as 
possible.  Emerson shall deposit and hold all monies collected by or which 
otherwise come under the control of Emerson (the “Received Accounts”) in a 
separate and segregated account pursuant to Section 7 hereof (the “Deposit 
Account”).

 
(vi)
At least once weekly, on a day to be agreed upon by SCOLR and Emerson, 
Emerson shall disburse from the Deposit Account to SCOLR all amounts 
deposited therein, except that Emerson shall be entitled to retain such 
amounts as are necessary, using cash management procedures established by 
SCOLR and Emerson, to pay sales commissions (including those of the Sales 
Affiliate), promotional charges and other third party expenses, and apply 
or withhold any additional funds in the amount chargeable to SCOLR, with 
respect to freight, warehousing (storage and labor) and other charges 
associated with the distribution of the Products using Emerson’s warehouse, 
logistics terminal and shipping facility (the “Distribution Facility”).  
Notwithstanding the foregoing, Emerson shall be entitled to withhold, and 
maintain in the Deposit Account additional amounts as follows:

              (A) if excess or unusual commitments related to sales
              promotional obligations are reasonably likely to interfere
              with Emerson’s normal cash flow patterns associated with
              SCOLR’s account, and withholdings are reasonably necessary
              for Emerson to perform its duties as a paying agent
              hereunder, Emerson shall be permitted to withhold additional
              amounts in proportion to such condition, and for such time as
              such condition persists, except that the amount of any such
              withholding shall not exceed the financial liability
              associated with the excess promotional obligation;

              (B)  to the extent any Product is reasonably likely to be
              discontinued by a Customer, Emerson shall be permitted to
              withhold such amount as is reasonably necessary to cover
              obligations associated with any reasonably expected increase
              in Product returns.

              (C)  to the extent reasonably necessary as a reserve against
              forecasted returns, damages and allowances, Emerson shall be
              permitted to withhold and reserve such amount as is customary
              in the over-the-counter pharmaceutical and nutritional
              supplement industry.

 
(vii)
Emerson shall be permitted to make withholdings in accordance with Section 
3(a)(vi) only during such time and in such amounts as such withholdings are 
reasonably necessary under accounting reserve practices common in the 
over-the-counter pharmaceutical and nutritional supplement industry.  
Further, with respect to withholdings proposed to be made by Emerson under 
Section 3(a)(vi)(C) in connection with initial shipments of a Product, 
Emerson shall inform SCOLR of its intended withholding pattern prior to 
fulfilling any such order.

 
Page 2
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
(b)           As promptly as practicable after execution of this Agreement 
SCOLR and Emerson shall jointly develop written policies and procedures 
detailing the operational responsibilities of each party with respect to 
the Services and the activities and transactions contemplated by this 
Agreement (the “Standard Operating Procedures”).  The Standard Operating 
Procedures may be updated and modified from time to time by agreement of 
SCOLR and Emerson. Without limitation, the Standard Operating Procedures 
shall address procedures related to deposit account management, cash 
management, collections and disbursement procedures and criteria, 
procedures related to product events (such as recalls, returns and delayed 
shipments),  inventory reporting, expense forecasting, schedules of 
tariffs, rates and other charges applicable to SCOLR for logistics, 
distribution and warehousing services available or to be performed at the 
Distribution Facility and the manner in which such charges are calculated 
and applied, and such other matters as the parties shall agree should be 
included in the Standard Operating Procedures.  The parties shall perform 
their respective duties and obligations in material compliance with the 
Standard Operating Procedures.

4.  Duties of SCOLR.

(a)  
SCOLR shall maintain inventory of the Products in amounts consistent with 
the Sales Forecast (as such term is defined in the Sales Agreement) 
delivered by the Sales Affiliate on December 1 of each year pursuant to the 
Sales Agreement.

(b)  
If, SCOLR’s account with Emerson incurs a debit balance, SCOLR shall 
promptly pay, or shall promptly pay Emerson the amount of such debit 
balance.

5. Reporting.

(a)           Emerson shall provide and permit SCOLR to electronically 
access collections, aging, sales, expense and other financial and 
accounting reports as reasonably requested by SCOLR.

(b)           In furtherance and not in limitation of Section 5(a) above, 
Emerson or the Sales Affiliate shall provide accurate reporting of its 
sales and account service activities in such form and with such frequency 
as SCOLR shall reasonably request, including without limitation the 
provision of daily sales and collections reports.  Notwithstanding the 
foregoing, such reports shall include Net Sales by product, customer and 
date, any promotional activity or charges and any returned or damaged 
goods, along with collections by customer. Additionally, on or before the 
fifth day of each month, Emerson or the Sales Affiliate shall promptly 
provide SCOLR with a collections report showing all amounts collected, 
outstanding and aged as of the last day of the previous month.

6.  Compensation.  In consideration of the Services provided hereunder (and 
exclusive of charges for services rendered at the Distribution Facility) 
SCOLR shall pay to Emerson, via a monthly debit from the Separate Account, 
* percent (*%) of gross sales of the Products.
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
* Certain information on this page has been omitted and filed separately 
with the Commission.  Confidential treatment has been requested with 
respect to the omitted portions.
 
Page 3
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

7.  Separate Account; Disclaimer of Ownership by Emerson.

(a)           Emerson hereby agrees to track all accounts receivable 
attributable to SCOLR separately from any other accounts receivable of 
Emerson and shall employ sound accounting and financial reporting 
procedures and internal controls that ensure such separate tracking and the 
accurate compilation and reporting of such amounts.  Emerson acknowledges 
and agrees that it is managing SCOLR’s accounts receivable and collections 
as a service, and that any cash received on such accounts is for the 
benefit of SCOLR only, and that Emerson acts merely as an account services 
provider and collections agent on the SCOLR’s behalf.  Emerson expressly 
and specifically disclaims any interest in such accounts, and any cash or 
other proceeds thereof, including without limitation any interest in the 
nature of ownership, or as security for obligations of SCOLR to Emerson, 
the Sales Affiliate or any affiliate of thereof, and agrees not to assert 
any contrary position at any time.
 
(b)           Emerson shall maintain all funds received by it on SCOLR’s 
behalf in a segregated Account established by Emerson at an FDIC insured 
deposit bank, which names Emerson as the account holder for the benefit of 
SCOLR (the “Deposit Account”).  Only Emerson has or will have access to the 
funds deposited in the Deposit Account from time to time.  All Received 
Accounts or other monies received by Emerson on SCOLR’s behalf shall be 
deposited only in the Deposit Account.  The Deposit Account names Emerson 
as the holder solely to permit Emerson to transact business on the Deposit 
Account as agent in accordance with the terms of this Agreement and the 
Services Agreement.  Emerson expressly and specifically disclaims any 
interest in such accounts, and any cash or other proceeds thereof, 
including without limitation any interest in the nature of ownership, or as 
security for obligations of SCOLR to Emerson, the Sales Affiliate or any 
affiliate of thereof, and agrees not to assert any contrary position at any 
time.  Emerson expressly acknowledges that neither it nor the Sales 
Affiliate shall have any right of set-off against the Deposit Account for 
any claims, including claims for payment, made by Emerson, the Sales 
Affiliate or any affiliate thereof.
 
(c)           Emerson shall be entitled to withdraw from the Deposit 
Account any fees or other amounts owing to Emerson pursuant to the Services 
Agreement, only when due, and absent any notice from SCOLR disputing the 
amount.
 
8.           Term. Except as provided otherwise herein, this Agreement 
shall remain in effect for a term of twelve (12) months from the date 
hereof (the “Initial Term”) unless earlier terminated in accordance with 
this Agreement.  Thereafter, this Agreement shall automatically extend for 
successive additional twelve (12) month terms (each a “Renewal Term”).
 
9.           Termination; Effect of Termination.
 
 
(a)
Termination, Notices.  This Agreement may be terminated by either party at 
any time for any or no reason by delivering a written notice (a “
Termination Notice”) to the other party setting forth the effective date of 
the termination (the “Termination Date”), which must be a date at least 
twelve (12) months after delivery of the Termination Notice.  
Notwithstanding the foregoing, either party may terminate this Agreement 
for Good Cause by providing a Termination Notice setting forth in 
reasonable detail the circumstances that constitute Good Cause for 
termination, and identifying the Termination Date, which must be a date at 
least ten (10) days from the date of the Termination Notice.

 
Page 4
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
(b)
Termination for Good Cause. For purposes of this Agreement a party shall 
have “Good Cause” to terminate this Agreement if  (a) the other party or 
any affiliate or agent of the other party commits a felony, or a crime 
involving theft, embezzlement, material dishonesty or moral turpitude in 
relation to the matters contemplated hereby or by the Services Agreement; 
(b) the other party or any affiliate or agent of such party makes any 
material intentional misrepresentation or material prejudicial 
non-disclosure to the terminating party in connection with the performance 
of such party’s duties and obligations under this Agreement or the Services 
Agreement; (c) the other party or any affiliate or agent of the other party 
commits any material breach of this Agreement or the Sales Agreement, or 
fails to perform its material duties under this Agreement or Sales 
Agreement, which failure or breach shall not be cured to the other party’s 
reasonable satisfaction within 30 days after notice thereof, or (d)  the 
other party fails to perform its material duties under this Agreement, 
which failure shall not be cured to the other party’s reasonable 
satisfaction within 30 days after notice thereof, or (e) the other party 
seeks protection under bankruptcy laws or any receivership, trustee, 
creditors’ arrangement or comparable proceeding, or any comparable 
proceeding is instituted (including an involuntary bankruptcy petition) and 
is not dismissed within forty-five (45) days.

 
(c)
Effect of Expiration or Termination.  On and as of the Termination Date, 
and except as expressly provided Section 21, (a) all rights and obligations 
of Emerson and SCOLR shall terminate, (b) any and all sums owed by one 
party to another shall become immediately due and payable (c) and all 
property of one party in the possession of the other shall be returned.  
For the avoidance of doubt, each of SCOLR and Emerson shall not be relieved 
of their duties and obligations under this Agreement until the Termination 
Date, notwithstanding the delivery of a Termination Notice.  All payments 
due from one party to the other pursuant to the terms of this Agreement for 
the period beginning on the date of a Termination Notice and ending on the 
Termination Date shall be calculated and paid in accordance with the 
provisions hereof, as may be modified or amended from time to time.

10.           Inspection of Books and Records.  Emerson or the Sales 
Affiliate shall keep and preserve at its principal place of business 
accurate and complete copies of all books and records relating to the 
subject of this Agreement and the Sales Agreement during the term of such 
agreements, and for a period of two (2) years thereafter.  During such 
period SCOLR shall be permitted without notice, at its expense, to inspect, 
copy and take extracts from such books and records for any purpose.  In 
furtherance and not in limitation of the foregoing, such records shall 
include, at a minimum, records of: (i) all sales slips and invoices, (ii) 
all sales expenses include freight, logistics, remittance and other 
information and records concerning the business, (iii) all collections and 
account information and (iv) banks statements showing all inflows and 
outflows of cash in connection with the transactions and procedures 
contemplated by the terms of this Agreement.  At the conclusion of such 
inspection Emerson shall pay to SCOLR any amounts shown to be due to SCOLR 
as a result of an overpayment by SCOLR or underpayment by Emerson in 
connection with the Sales Agreement or the Services Agreement.  Further, to 
the extent that the inspection reveals an amount owing to SCOLR that is 
greater than $25,000, then Emerson shall reimburse SCOLR for the costs and 
expenses associated with its inspection of the Books and Records and any 
action to collect such amounts, including without limitation, attorney’s 
fees, costs and expenses.

11.           Expenses. Except as specifically contemplated by this 
Agreement, Emerson shall be solely responsible to pay for all costs and 
expenses associated with its normal operation and the performance of the 
Services.

 
Page 5
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
12.           Business Practices.  Emerson will at all times deal honestly, 
fairly and equitably with customers, and will not engage in any deceptive, 
misleading or unethical trade, billing or collections practice, or any 
other conduct or activity which tends to mislead, deceive or defraud the 
public, or to adversely affect the good name or reputation of SCOLR, its 
affiliates, or the Products.  Emerson shall at all times conduct its 
collections procedures in accordance with applicable law.

13.           Indemnification. SCOLR shall indemnify, defend, release and 
hold Emerson and its agents and employees harmless from and against any and 
all claims, suits, damages, liabilities, judgments, costs and expenses 
(including but not limited to legal fees, settlements and judgments) 
(collectively “Damages”) arising out of or related to any bodily injury, 
death, damage to property or other damage attributable, or alleged to be 
attributable to, any of SCOLR’s products, including but not limited to any 
products liability claims attributable, or alleged to be attributable to, 
any of SCOLR’s products, except to the extent that such Damages are the 
result of negligence, contributory or otherwise, of Emerson or its assignee 
in the performance or delegation of the Services.  Emerson shall indemnify, 
defend, release and hold SCOLR and its agents and employees harmless from 
and against any obligations or Damages arising out of or related to any 
action by Emerson which constitutes a breach of this Agreement, except to 
the extent that such obligations or Damages are the result of negligence, 
contributory or otherwise, of SCOLR.

14.            Confidentiality.  Emerson agrees to keep confidential the 
term of this Agreement, and for thirty-six (36) months after the later of 
(i) the expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement or (ii) the 
expiration or earlier termination of the Sales Agreement, all information 
(the “Information”) provided to it by SCOLR that is (i) material and 
non-public or (ii) confidential and proprietary.  Notwithstanding any 
provision herein to the contrary, Emerson may disclose nonpublic 
information to its affiliates, agents and advisors whenever Emerson 
determines that such disclosure is necessary to provide the services 
contemplated hereunder or for internal control or compliance purposes.  For 
purposes of this Section 11, the Information shall include, without 
limitation, non-public information, whether disclosed orally or in writing 
by SCOLR, or generated internally by Emerson, concerning: (i) sales, 
revenue, orders, inventory, collections and similar financial information 
related to sales by SCOLR of nutritional products; (ii) plans and 
forecasts, whether relating specifically to SCOLR’s nutritional business or 
to SCOLR’ other businesses; (iii) the existence of and information 
concerning actual or potential Acquisitions or other transactions 
contemplated by this Agreement; (iv) information regarding SCOLR’s 
proprietary drug-delivery technology to the extent identified by SCOLR 
orally or in writing as confidential, or if no such designation is made, to 
the extent that the confidential nature of such information is reasonably 
apparent from the circumstances of disclosure.

15.             Securities Laws.  Emerson hereby acknowledges that it is 
aware, and that it will advise its affiliates, agents and assignees who are 
informed of the matters that are the subject of this letter agreement, that 
the United States securities laws prohibit any person who has received 
from the issuer of such securities material, nonpublic information from 
purchasing or selling securities of such issuer or from communicating such 
information to any other person when it is reasonably foreseeable that such 
other person is likely to purchase or sell such securities in reliance upon 
such information.  Further, Emerson hereby acknowledges and consents to any 
public or other disclosure concerning this Agreement made by SCOLR pursuant 
to regulatory or legal obligations, including without limitation disclosure 
by SCOLR of the material terms of this Agreement, and the filing by SCOLR 
of a copy of this Agreement pursuant to applicable requirements of the U.S. 
Securities and Exchange Commission or any securities exchange on SCOLR’s 
securities are listed.

 
Page 6
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
16.             Attorneys’ Fees.  If any action or suit in law or equity or 
any arbitration proceeding is initiated to enforce or interpret the 
provisions of this Agreement, the prevailing party shall be entitled to 
recover its costs and expenses incurred in connection with such action or 
suit, including without limitation, reasonable attorneys’ fees incurred at 
all levels and proceedings, including settlement and appeal, in addition to 
any other relief to which it may be entitled.

17.            Entire Agreement.  This Agreement contains the entire 
agreement of the parties and there are no oral or written representations, 
understandings or agreements between the parties respecting the subject 
matter of this Agreement that are not fully expressed herein.

18.            Assignment.  Emerson may assign its rights and delegate its 
duties under this Agreement with the consent of SCOLR, which consent shall 
not be unreasonably withheld.  SCOLR may assign its rights and delegate its 
duties under this Agreement to any acquirer of substantially all of SCOLR’s 
business assets, or substantially all the assets of its nutritional 
products business upon 30 days prior written notice to Emerson.

19.            Notices.  All notices permitted or required to be given 
under this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed duly given 
upon personal delivery by mail or courier, evidenced by receipt; upon 
transmittal by telephone facsimile (fax) to a fax number specified in 
writing by the party to be notified; or upon transmittal by electronic mail 
(e-mail) to the party at the email address specified in writing by the 
party to be notified.  All notices shall be delivered or sent to the other 
party at the address(es) set forth in the introductory paragraph of this 
Agreement or to such other addresses, fax numbers or e-mail addresses as a 
party may hereafter specify from time to time by notice to the other.

20.            Force Majeure.  Neither party will be considered in default 
in the performance of any obligation hereunder, and Good Cause for 
termination shall not exist, to the extent that the performance of an 
obligation under this Agreement is prevented or delayed by fire, flood, 
explosion, strike, war, insurrection, embargo, government requirement, 
civil or military authority, act of terrorism, act of God, or any other 
event, occurrence of condition which is not caused, in whole or in part, by 
that party, and which is beyond the reasonable control of that party.

21.           Survival of Rights and Obligations.  Sections 7 through 17, 
19 21, 22, and 23 shall survive expiration or termination of this Agreement 
and shall remain effective in accordance with their terms.

22.           Independent Contractor; Limited Agency.  Emerson is an 
independent contractor.  The parties do not intend to create, and this 
Agreement shall not be interpreted to create, any other relationship 
between the parties.  This Agreement shall not be construed to create a 
partnership or joint venture between the parties.  Nothing in this 
Agreement shall be construed, and Emerson shall not indicate, or use words 
or actions which would tend to indicate that its appointment as SCOLR’s 
agent pursuant to the terms hereof extends beyond the express scope of the 
agency granted by SCOLR pursuant to this Agreement.

23.  Arbitration; Governing Law.  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary 
contained in this Agreement, any controversy or claim arising out of or in 
connection with this Agreement, its construction, interpretation, effect, 
performance, non-performance, termination, or consequences thereof, or any 
transaction contemplated hereby, however characterized as a matter of law 
(whether in contract, tort or otherwise), including, without limitation, 
all claims under any federal, state, or local statute, ordinance, 
regulation or other law, will be settled by arbitration in King County, 
Washington, in accordance with the Commercial Arbitration Rules of the 
American Arbitration Association, and judgment on the award rendered by the 
arbitrator(s) may be entered in any court having jurisdiction thereof.  If 
it becomes necessary to file suit to compel arbitration hereunder and 
arbitration is subsequently ordered by the court, the party instituting 
such suit will be entitled to recover its actual costs and expenses, 
including, without limitation, attorney's fees, incurred in such action.  
This Agreement will be governed by and construed in accordance with the 
laws of the State of Washington, without regard to its conflicts of law 
principles, and such laws will be applied and controlling in any 
arbitration conducted pursuant to this Section 23.


 
 
Page 7
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Account Services 
Agreement on the day and year first set forth above.



SCOLR PHARMA, INC.

By: /s/ Richard M. Levy                                                     
           
Name: Richard M. Levy
Title: EVP & CFO


EMERSON HEALTHCARE LLC


By: /s/ Scott Emerson                                                       
         ­           
Name: Scott Emerson
Title: President


 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 8
------------------------------------------------------------------------
------------------------------------------------------------------------