 EX-10.86 9 ex10-86.htm EXHIBIT 10.86 SECURITY AND PLEDGE AGREEMENT
Exhibit 10.86
 

 
CERTAIN PORTIONS OF THIS EXHIBIT HAVE BEEN OMITTED AND FILED SEPARATELY 
WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO A REQUEST FOR 
CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT.  THE SYMBOL “[***]” HAS BEEN INSERTED IN PLACE OF 
THE PORTIONS SO OMITTED.
 


Execution
 
SECURITY AND PLEDGE AGREEMENT
 
 
This Security and Pledge Agreement (this “Agreement”), dated as of July 1, 
2010, is made by and among PINNACLE AIRLINES CORP., a corporation organized 
under the laws of the State of Delaware (“PAC”), and MESABA AVIATION, INC., 
a corporation organized under the laws of the State of Minnesota (“Mesaba
”; and, together with PAC, individually a “Grantor” and, collectively, the 
“Grantors”), and DELTA AIR LINES, INC., a corporation organized under the 
laws of the State of Delaware, in its capacity as the holder of the 
Promissory Note referred to below (in such capacity, the “Secured Party”).
 
W H E R E A S
 
The Secured Party, PAC and Mesaba have entered into that certain Stock 
Purchase Agreement of even date herewith (as may be amended, supplemented 
or modified from time to time, the “Purchase Agreement”), pursuant to which 
the Secured Party will sell and transfer to PAC and PAC will purchase and 
acquire from the Secured Party all of the outstanding shares of capital 
stock of Mesaba on the terms and conditions set forth in the Purchase 
Agreement.
 
Pursuant to the Purchase Agreement, PAC, Mesaba and Pinnacle Airlines, 
Inc., a corporation organized under the laws of the State of Georgia (“PAI
” and, together with PAC and Mesaba, individually, a “Borrower” and 
collectively, the “Borrowers”) executed and delivered to the Secured Party 
a joint and several Promissory Note of even date herewith in the original 
principal amount of $62,000,000 (together with all amendments and other 
modifications, if any, from time to time thereafter made thereto, the “
Promissory Note”).
 
Each of the Grantors is required to execute and deliver this Agreement as a 
condition to the obligations of the Secured Party to consummate the 
transactions contemplated by the Purchase Agreement and the Promissory 
Note.
 
Each Grantor finds it advantageous, desirable and in its best interests to 
comply with the requirement that it execute and deliver this Agreement to 
the Secured Party.
 
A C C O R D I N G L Y
 
In consideration of the premises and other good and valuable consideration, 
the receipt and adequacy of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties 
hereto hereby agree as follows:

  	
--
 

 
1
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

 

 
Section 1.  Defined Terms.
 
    (a)           Capitalized terms defined in the Promissory Note have the
    meanings given in the Promissory Note unless otherwise defined herein. 
    Further, as used in this Agreement, the following terms shall have the
    meanings indicated:
 
    “Affiliate” means, as to any Person, any other Person that, directly or
    indirectly, is in control of, is controlled by, or is under common
    control with, such Person.  For the purposes of this definition,
    “control” of a Person means the power, directly or indirectly, to
    direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of such
    Person, whether through the ownership of voting securities, by contract
    or otherwise.
 
    “Agreement” has the meaning given in the preamble.
 
    “Borrower” and “Borrowers” each have the meanings given in the
    recitals.
 
    “Capital Stock” means any and all shares, interests, participations or
    other equivalents (however designated) of capital stock of a
    corporation, any and all equivalent ownership interests in a Person
    (other than a corporation) and any and all warrants, rights or options
    to purchase any of the foregoing.
 
    “Collateral” has the meaning given in Section 2.
 
    “Equipment” means the equipment described on Exhibit C.
 
    “Excluded Liens” means liens of the type described in clauses (ii) and
    (vii) of the definition of Permitted Liens.
 
    “Financing Statement” means any financing statement under the UCC used
    to perfect and preserve a security interest under the laws of any
    jurisdiction.
 
    “Governmental Authority” means any nation or government, any state or
    other political subdivision thereof, any agency, authority,
    instrumentality, regulatory body, court, central bank or other entity
    exercising executive, legislative, judicial, taxing, regulatory or
    administrative functions of or pertaining to government.
 
    “Grantor” and “Grantors” each have the meaning given in the preamble.
 
    “Liens” means any mortgage, pledge, hypothecation, assignment, security
    deposit, arrangement, encumbrance, lien (statutory or other), charge or
    other security interest or security agreement of any kind or nature
    whatsoever (including, without limitation, any conditional sale or
    other title retention agreement and any other capital lease having
    substantially the same economic effect as any of the foregoing).
 
    “PAC” has the meaning given in the preamble.
 
    “PAI” has the meaning given in the recitals.

  	
--
 

 
2
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

 

 
    “Person” means an individual, partnership, corporation, limited
    liability company, business trust, joint stock company, trust,
    unincorporated association, joint venture, Governmental Authority or
    other entity of whatever nature.
 
    “Pledged Equity” means all Capital Stock of Mesaba issued as of the
    date hereof or hereafter.
 
    “Proceeds” has the meaning assigned that term under the Uniform
    Commercial Code as in effect in any relevant jurisdiction and, in any
    event, shall include, but not be limited to, any and all (i) proceeds
    of any insurance, indemnity, warranty or guarantee payable to the
    Secured Party or to any Grantor or any Affiliate of any Grantor from
    time to time with respect to any of the Collateral, (ii) payments (in
    any form whatsoever) made or due and payable to any Grantor from time
    to time in connection with any requisition, confiscation, condemnation,
    seizure or forfeiture of all or any part of the Collateral by any
    Governmental Authority (or any Person acting under color of
    Governmental Authority), (iii) instruments representing obligations to
    pay amounts in respect of the Collateral, (iv) products of the
    Collateral, and (v) other amounts from time to time paid or payable
    under or in connection with any of the Collateral.
 
    “Promissory Note” has the meaning given in the recitals.
 
    “Purchase Agreement” has the meaning given in the recitals.
 
    “Obligations” means each Borrower’s obligations in respect of the due
    and punctual payment of principal and interest on the amounts owed
    under the Promissory Note when and as due, whether by acceleration or
    otherwise, and all fees, expenses, indemnities, reimbursements and
    other obligations of each Borrower under the Promissory Note or this
    Agreement (including all interest, fees, costs and other charges
    accruing after the commencement of any case, proceeding or other action
    relating to the bankruptcy, insolvency or reorganization of any
    Borrower, whether or not allowed in such proceeding or other action),
    in all cases whether now existing or hereafter arising or incurred and
    whether direct or indirect, due or to become due, absolute or
    contingent, primary or secondary, liquidated or unliquidated, or sole,
    joint, several or joint and several.
 
    “Related Voting Rights” means any and all voting rights related to or
    arising out of any Capital Stock constituting Collateral.
 
    “Requirements of Law” means, as to any Person, the certificate of
    incorporation and bylaws or other organizational or governing documents
    of such Person, and any law, treaty, rule or regulation or
    determination of an arbitrator or a court of other Governmental
    Authority, in each case applicable to or binding upon such Person or
    any of its property or to which such Person or any of its property is
    subject.
 
    “Secured Party” has the meaning given in the preamble.
 
    “Security Interest” means the security interest granted hereunder.

  	
--
 

 
3
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

 

 
    “UCC” means the Uniform Commercial Code as in effect in the State of
    New York or other relevant jurisdiction.
 
    (b)           All terms defined in the UCC and not otherwise defined
    herein have the meanings assigned to them in the UCC (and specifically
    in Article 9 of the UCC, in the case of the definition of
    “instrument”), except that, to the extent the definition of any
    category or type of Collateral is expanded by any amendment,
    modification or revision to the UCC, such expanded definition will
    apply automatically as of the date of such amendment, modification or
    revision.
 
    (c)           The words “hereof,” “herein” and “hereunder” and words of
    similar import when used in this Agreement shall refer to this
    Agreement as a whole and not to any particular provision of this
    Agreement.  References to Sections, Exhibits, schedules and like
    references are to this Agreement unless otherwise expressly provided
    and shall be deemed to include any modification, amendment or
    restatement of the same.  The words “include,” “includes” and
    “including” shall be deemed to be followed by the phrase “without
    limitation.”  Unless the context in which used herein otherwise clearly
    requires, “or” has the inclusive meaning represented by the phrase
    “and/or.”  The singular includes the plural and the plural, the
    singular unless the context otherwise clearly requires.  All
    incorporations by reference of covenants, terms, definitions or other
    provisions from other agreements are incorporated into this Agreement
    as if such provisions were fully set forth herein, and such
    incorporation shall include all necessary definitions and related
    provisions from such other agreements but including only amendments
    thereto agreed to by the Secured Party, and shall survive any
    termination of such other agreements until such time as the Promissory
    Note and all Obligations have been paid in full and terminated.
 
Section 2.  Security Interest.
 
    (a)           As security for the payment and performance of all of the
    Obligations, each Grantor hereby pledges and grants to the Secured
    Party a security interest in all of such Grantor’s right, title, and
    interest in, to and under the following, whether now or hereafter
    owned, existing, arising or acquired by such Grantor and wherever
    located (collectively, the “Collateral”):
 
       (i)           the Equipment;
 
       (ii)           the Pledged Equity;
 
       (iii)           to the extent not otherwise included in the
       foregoing clauses (i) and (ii), all books, records, and other
       documents, and all general intangibles, relating to any of the
       foregoing; and
 
       (iv)           all Proceeds of any of the foregoing.

  	
--
 

 
4
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

 

 
(b)           The Secured Party hereby agrees that the security interests 
and Liens in any Collateral constituting Pledged Equity (together with any 
Collateral of the type described in clauses 2(a)(iii) and (iv) arising out 
of, or related to, the Pledged Equity) shall be deemed to be immediately 
released and discharged with respect to such Collateral (i) in the event of 
a merger, dissolution or consolidation otherwise permitted by the terms of 
the Promissory Note or (ii) if the outstanding principal amount owed under 
the Promissory Note is less than $10 million.  Upon such release and 
discharge, the Secured Party shall, at the Grantors’ sole expense, take all 
required actions and execute and deliver all required documents to effect 
such release and discharge, including the return to the Grantors of any 
blank stock power with respect to the Pledged Equity and the filing of 
appropriate UCC amendment or termination statements.
 
Section 3.  Assignment of Insurance.  The Grantors hereby assign to the 
Secured Party, as additional security for the payment of the Obligations, 
any and all moneys (including but not limited to proceeds of insurance and 
refunds of unearned premiums) due or to become due under, and all other 
rights of the Grantors under or with respect to, any and all policies of 
property or casualty insurance covering the Collateral, to the extent such 
moneys and other rights are due or arise in respect of the Collateral, and 
the Grantors hereby direct the issuer of any such policy to pay any such 
moneys directly to the Secured Party upon request of the Secured Party 
(which request the Secured Party shall make only following the occurrence 
and during the continuance of an Event of Default).  After the occurrence 
and during the continuance of an Event of Default, the Secured Party may 
(but need not), in its own name or in the name of the Grantors, execute and 
deliver proofs of claim, receive all such moneys, endorse checks and other 
instruments representing payment of such moneys, and adjust, litigate, 
compromise or release any claim against the issuer of any such policy.
 
Section 4.  Certain Representations, Warranties and Covenants.  Each 
Grantor represents and warrants as of the date hereof (it being agreed that 
any representation or warranty made herein with respect to Mesaba shall be 
made solely with respect to the time period after the Closing Date (as such 
term is defined in the Purchase Agreement)) and covenants as follows:

  	
--
 

 
5
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

 

 
    (a)           Title.  One of the Grantors (i) as of the date hereof, is
    the legal and beneficial owner of, and has good title to each item of
    Collateral in existence on the date hereof, free and clear of all Liens
    other than Permitted Liens (excluding the Excluded Liens) and (ii) will
    have, at the time any Grantor acquires any rights in Collateral
    hereafter arising, good title to each such item of Collateral free and
    clear of all Liens other than Permitted Liens (excluding the Excluded
    Liens).  Each Grantor will keep all Collateral free and clear of all
    Liens other than Permitted Liens (excluding the Excluded Liens) and
    will defend the Collateral against all claims or demands, other than
    claims and demands based on Permitted Liens (excluding the Excluded
    Liens).  No Grantor will sell, transfer (including a transfer to an
    Affiliate of a Grantor) or otherwise dispose of any Collateral or any
    interest therein without the prior written consent of the Secured
    Party, except, with respect to any Pledged Equity, in connection with
    any merger or dissolution otherwise permitted by the Promissory Note. 
    Subject to Section 2(b), in the event any Affiliate of a Grantor that
    is not a party to this Agreement acquires title to any of the
    Collateral, the Grantors will promptly, and in any event within twenty
    (20) Business Days, cause such Affiliate to become a party to this
    agreement as an additional grantor and to execute and deliver such
    documents and take such actions to create, grant, establish, preserve
    and perfect the Liens of the Secured Party to the extent required under
    this Agreement and the Promissory Note.
 
    (b)           Power and Authority.  As of the date hereof, each Grantor
    has the corporate power and authority to perform such Grantor’s
    obligations hereunder and to subject the Collateral to the Security
    Interest.
 
    (c)           Legal Name; Jurisdiction; Chief Executive Office;
    Identification Numbers.  Exhibit A hereto sets forth, as of the date
    hereof, each Grantor’s correct legal name (as set forth in its
    constituent documents filed with the appropriate governmental official
    or agency), jurisdiction of organization and address of its chief
    executive office, and federal employer identification number.  Exhibit
    B hereto sets forth, with respect to PAC only, each other corporate
    name, trade name or similar appellation such Grantor has used in the
    past five (5) years.  Each Grantor, as of the date hereof, has only one
    state of incorporation or organization.  No Grantor will change its
    name, jurisdiction of organization or chief executive office without
    thirty (30) days’ prior written notice to the Secured Party.
 
    (d)           Absence of Certain Financing Statements.  As of the date
    hereof, no Financing Statement covering all or any part of the
    Collateral is on file and effective in any recording office, except
    such as may have been filed in favor of the Secured Party relating to
    this Agreement.

  	
--
 

 
6
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

 

 
    (e)           Fixtures.  The Grantors will not permit any tangible
    Collateral to be or become part of or to be affixed to any real
    property without first assuring to the reasonable satisfaction of the
    Secured Party that the Security Interest will be prior and senior to
    any Lien then held or thereafter acquired by any mortgagee of such real
    property or the owner or purchaser of any interest therein.
 
    (f)           Capital Stock.  Exhibit D is a correct and complete list
    of the quantity of authorized and issued Capital Stock of each Person
    whose Capital Stock is included in the Pledged Equity as of the date
    hereof.  The Pledged Equity as of the date hereof is fully paid for and
    non-assessable.  Each Grantor will, upon receipt, deliver to the
    Secured Party in pledge as additional Collateral all securities or
    certificates distributed on account of the Pledged Equity or any other
    Collateral, including stock dividends and securities resulting from
    stock splits, reorganizations and recapitalizations, and all other
    shares of any class of Capital Stock of Mesaba now owned or hereafter
    acquired by such Grantor for any reason whatsoever, together in each
    case with blank powers executed by such Grantor.  Prior to any of the
    foregoing deliveries, each Grantor shall hold all such certificates or
    instruments, if any, in trust for the benefit of the Secured Party.
 
    (g)           Evidence of Collateral.  Each Grantor will (i) promptly
    (upon receipt) deliver to the Secured Party all certificates or
    instruments representing or constituting its Collateral, if any, and
    (ii) duly endorse, in blank, each and every certificate or instrument
    constituting its Collateral, if any, by signing on said certificate or
    instrument or by signing a separate document of assignment or transfer,
    as required by the Secured Party.  Prior to any of the foregoing
    deliveries, each Grantor shall hold all such certificates or
    instruments, if any, in trust for the benefit of the Secured Party.
 
    (h)           Miscellaneous Covenants. Each Grantor will:
 
       (i)           Keep all of its tangible Collateral in good working
       order and condition, ordinary wear and tear excepted and from time
       to time make in such Collateral all needed and proper repairs,
       renewals, replacements, extensions, additions, betterments and
       improvements thereto, to the extent and in the manner customary for
       companies of established repute in the same general area in similar
       businesses.
 
       (ii)           Promptly pay all taxes and other governmental charges
       levied or assessed upon or against any of its Collateral or upon or
       against the creation, perfection or continuance of the Security
       Interest except to the extent contested in good faith and by
       appropriate proceedings promptly instituted and diligently pursued. 
       Without limiting the generality of the forgoing, all interest earned
       upon its Collateral shall be reported to the Internal Revenue
       Service and all state and local taxing authorities as required by
       applicable law under the name and taxpayer identification number of
       the applicable Grantor.

  	
--
 

 
7
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

 

 
       (iii)           Not permit any of its tangible Collateral to be
       located in any jurisdiction in which a Financing Statement covering
       such Collateral is required to be, but has not in fact been, filed
       in order to perfect the Security Interest or in which any other
       action is required to be, but has not in fact been, taken in order
       to perfect the Security Interest.
 
       (iv)           Not permit any issuer of any Pledged Equity that is
       not a security (as defined in the UCC) on the date hereof to elect
       or otherwise take any action to cause such Capital Stock to be
       treated as a security under the UCC without the prior written
       consent of the Secured Party.
 
       (v)           From time to time upon the request of the Secured
       Party, take such actions as the Secured Party may reasonably deem
       necessary to cause any Capital Stock that is or evidences Collateral
       to be a security under the UCC.
 
       (vi)           Execute, deliver or endorse any and all assignments,
       security agreements, control agreements and other agreements and
       writings that the Secured Party may at any time reasonably request
       in order to secure, protect, perfect or enforce the Security
       Interest and the Secured Party’s rights under this Agreement.
 
       (vii)           Not use or keep any Collateral, or permit any
       Collateral to be used or kept, for any unlawful purpose or in
       violation of any applicable federal, state or local law, statute or
       ordinance, except to the extent that so using or keeping such
       Collateral could not reasonably be expected to materially impair
       rights of the Grantor or the Secured Party in such Collateral or to
       result in a forfeiture of such Collateral.
 
       (viii)           Not amend or terminate any Financing Statement
       naming the Secured Party as secured party except upon written prior
       authorization of the Secured Party or upon the payment in full of
       all Obligations and the termination of this Agreement and the
       Promissory Note, except as provided in Section 9-509(d)(2) of the
       UCC.

  	
--
 

 
8
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

 

 
    (i)           Secured Party’s Right to Take Action. After the
    occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, to the
    extent not otherwise prohibited or restricted by applicable law or the
    terms or conditions of any applicable contracts or agreements, the
    Secured Party may (but need not) perform or observe such agreement on
    behalf and in the name, place and stead of the Grantors (or, at the
    Secured Party’s option, in the Secured Party’s own name) and may (but
    need not) take any and all other actions that the Secured Party may
    reasonably deem necessary to cure or correct such failure (including,
    without limitation, the payment of taxes, the satisfaction of Liens,
    the performance of obligations under contracts or agreements with
    account debtors or other obligors, the procurement and maintenance of
    insurance, the endorsement of instruments, and the procurement of
    repairs, transportation or insurance); and, except to the extent that
    the effect of such payment would be to render any loan or forbearance
    of money usurious or otherwise illegal under any applicable law, the
    Grantors shall thereupon pay the Secured Party on demand the amount of
    all moneys expended and all reasonable costs and expenses (including
    reasonable and documented attorneys’ fees) incurred by the Secured
    Party in connection with or as a result of the Secured Party’s
    performing or observing such agreements or taking such actions,
    together with interest thereon from the date expended or incurred by
    the Secured Party at the default rate then applicable to any of the
    Obligations.  To facilitate the performance or observance by the
    Secured Party of such agreements of the Grantors, each Grantor hereby
    irrevocably appoints (which appointment is coupled with an interest)
    the Secured Party, or its delegate, as the attorney-in-fact of such
    Grantor with the right (but not the duty) from time to time after the
    occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default to create,
    prepare, complete, execute, deliver, endorse or file, in the name and
    on behalf of such Grantor, any and all instruments, documents,
    applications for insurance and other agreements and writings required
    to be obtained, executed, delivered or endorsed by the Grantors under
    this Section (4)(i) or any other provision hereof.
 
Section 5.  Remedies Upon Events of Default.  If any Event of Default shall 
have occurred and be continuing:

  	
--
 

 
9
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

 

 
    (a)           Acceleration; Sale and Other Rights and Remedies.  The
    Secured Party may exercise any one or more of the following rights and
    remedies: (i) declare all unmatured Obligations to be immediately due
    and payable, and the same shall thereupon be immediately due and
    payable, without presentment or other notice or demand; (ii) exercise
    and enforce any or all rights and remedies available upon default to a
    secured party under the UCC, including but not limited to the right to
    take possession of any Collateral, proceeding without judicial process
    or by judicial process (without a prior hearing or notice thereof,
    which each Grantor hereby expressly waives), and the right to sell,
    lease or otherwise dispose of any or all of the Collateral, and in
    connection therewith, the Secured Party may require the Grantors to
    make the Collateral available to the Secured Party at a place to be
    designated by the Secured Party which is reasonably convenient to all
    applicable parties, and if notice to the Grantors of any intended
    disposition of Collateral or any other intended action is required by
    law in a particular instance, such notice shall be deemed commercially
    reasonable if given (in the manner specified in Section 11) at least
    ten (10) Business Days prior to the date of intended disposition or
    other action; (iii) exercise all Related Voting Rights; and (iv)
    exercise or enforce any or all other rights or remedies available to
    the Secured Party by law or agreement against the Collateral, against
    the Grantors or against any other person or property.  The Secured
    Party is hereby granted a nonexclusive, worldwide and royalty-free
    license to use or otherwise exploit all trademarks, trade secrets,
    franchises, copyrights and patents of the Grantors that the Secured
    Party deems necessary or appropriate to the disposition of any
    Collateral after the occurrence and during the continuation of an Event
    of Default.  Each Grantor acknowledges that because of present or
    future circumstances, a question may arise under the Securities Act of
    1933, as from time to time amended (the “Securities Act”), with respect
    to any disposition of the Collateral permitted hereunder and
    understands that compliance with the Securities Act may very strictly
    limit the course of conduct of the Secured Party if the Secured Party
    were to attempt to dispose of all or any portion of the Collateral and
    may also limit the extent to which or the manner in which any
    subsequent transferee of the Collateral or any portion thereof may
    dispose of the same.  There may be other legal restrictions or
    limitations affecting the Secured Party in any attempt to dispose of
    all or any portion of the Collateral under the applicable Blue Sky or
    other securities laws or similar laws analogous in purpose or effect. 
    The Secured Party may be compelled to resort to one or more private
    sales to a restricted group of purchasers who will be obliged to agree,
    among other things, to acquire such Collateral for their own account
    for investment only and not to engage in a distribution or resale
    thereof.  Each Grantor agrees that the Secured Party shall not incur
    any liability, and any liability of a Grantor for any deficiency shall
    not be impaired, as a result of the sale of the Collateral or any
    portion thereof at any such private sale in a manner that the Secured
    Party reasonably believes is commercially reasonable (within the
    meaning of Section 9-627 of the UCC).  Each Grantor hereby waives any
    claims against the Secured Party arising by reason of the fact that the
    price at which the Collateral may have been sold at such sale was less
    than the

  	
--
 

 
10
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

 
    price that might have been obtained at a public sale or was less than
    the aggregate amount of the Obligations, even if the Secured Party
    shall accept the first offer received and does not offer any portion of
    the Collateral to more than one possible purchaser.  Each Grantor
    further agrees that the Secured Party has no obligation to delay sale
    of any Collateral for the period of time necessary to permit the issuer
    of such Collateral to qualify or register such Collateral for public
    sale under the Securities Act, applicable Blue Sky laws and other
    applicable state and federal securities laws, even if said issuer would
    agree to do so. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the
    provisions of this Section would apply if, for example, the Secured
    Party were to place all or any portion of the Collateral for private
    placement by an investment banking firm, or if such investment banking
    firm purchased all or any portion of the Collateral for its own
    account, or if the Secured Party placed all or any portion of the
    Collateral privately with a purchaser or purchasers.
 
    (b)           Direct Collection.  The Secured Party may notify any
    Person obligated on any of the Collateral that such obligation has been
    assigned or transferred to the Secured Party and that the same should
    be performed as requested by, or paid directly to, the Secured Party,
    as the case may be.  Any Grantor shall join in giving such notice, if
    the Secured Party so requests.  The Secured Party may, in the Secured
    Party’s name or in any Grantor’s name, demand, sue for, collect or
    receive any money or property at any time payable or receivable on
    account of, or securing, any such Collateral or grant any extension to,
    make any compromise or settlement with or otherwise agree to waive,
    modify, amend or change the obligation of any such Person.  Each
    Grantor hereby irrevocably authorizes and directs each such Person to,
    following the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of
    Default, remit any and all money and other property described in this
    paragraph directly to the Secured Party in the Secured Party’s name
    alone.  Such remittances shall continue to be made to the Secured Party
    until the Secured Party otherwise notifies the Person in writing (which
    notification shall be given by the Secured Party promptly upon the cure
    of the relevant Event of Default).  To the extent that such remittances
    are made directly to the Secured Party, the remitting entity shall have
    no further liability to the Grantor for the same.
 
Section 6.  Financing Statements; Further Assurances.  The Secured Party 
may (and each Grantor hereby authorizes the Secured Party to) execute and 
file such Financing Statements and other documents as the Secured Party may 
at any time deem appropriate to perfect the Security Interest.  Without 
limiting the generality of the foregoing, each Grantor authorizes, ratifies 
and approves any Financing Statement filed by the Secured Party on or prior 
to the date of this Agreement, a copy of which has been provided to such 
Grantor.  Each Grantor agrees that from time to time, at its expense, it 
will promptly execute and deliver all further instruments and documents, 
and take all further action, that may be necessary or that the Secured 
Party may reasonably request, in order to perfect and protect the Security 
Interest granted or purported to be granted hereby or to enable the Secured 
Party to exercise and enforce its rights and remedies hereunder with 
respect to any Collateral (but any failure to request or assure that any 
Grantor execute and deliver such instrument or documents or to take such 
action shall not affect or impair the validity, sufficiency or 
enforceability of this Agreement and the Security Interest, regardless of 
whether any such item was or was not executed and delivered or action taken 
in a similar context or on a prior occasion).

  	
--
 

 
11
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

 

 
Section 7.  Secured Party’s Duties.  The powers conferred on the Secured 
Party hereunder shall not impose any duty upon it to exercise any such 
powers.  The Secured Party shall be deemed to have exercised reasonable 
care in the safekeeping of any Collateral in its possession if such 
Collateral is accorded treatment substantially equal to the safekeeping 
that the Secured Party accords its own property of like kind.  Except for 
the safekeeping of any Collateral in its possession and the accounting for 
monies and for other properties actually received by it hereunder, the 
Secured Party shall have no duty, as to any Collateral, as to ascertaining 
or taking action with respect to calls, conversions, exchanges, maturities, 
tenders or other matters relative to any Collateral, whether or not the 
Secured Party has or is deemed to have knowledge of such matters, or as to 
the taking of any necessary steps to preserve rights against any Persons or 
any other rights pertaining to any Collateral.  The Secured Party will take 
action in the nature of exchanges, conversions, redemption, tenders and the 
like requested in writing by a Grantor with respect to any of the 
Collateral in the Secured Party’s possession if the Secured Party in its 
reasonable judgment determines that such action will not impair the 
Security Interest or the value of the Collateral, but a failure of the 
Secured Party to comply with any such request shall not of itself be deemed 
a failure to exercise reasonable care.
 
Section 8.  Application of Proceeds.  All cash proceeds received by the 
Secured Party in respect of any sale of, collection from, or other 
realization upon all or any part of the Collateral shall be applied from 
time to time, at the election of the Secured Party, to principal and 
interest owed by the Borrowers under the Promissory Note.
 
Section 9.  Costs and Expenses.  Without limiting Section 10 of the 
Promissory Note, each Grantor will pay or reimburse the Secured Party on 
demand for all reasonable out-of-pocket expenses paid or incurred by the 
Secured Party, including in each case all filing and recording fees and 
taxes and all reasonable and documented fees and expenses of counsel 
(determined on the basis of such counsel’s generally applicable rates, 
which fees may be higher than the rates such counsel charges the Secured 
Party in certain matters) incurred by the Secured Party in connection with 
the creation, perfection, protection, satisfaction, foreclosure or 
enforcement of the Security Interest and the preparation, administration, 
continuance, amendment or enforcement of this Agreement.

  	
--
 

 
12
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

 

 
Section 10.                      Waivers; Remedies; Marshalling.  This 
Agreement can be waived, modified, amended, terminated or discharged, and 
the Security Interest can be released, only explicitly in a writing signed 
by the parties hereto.  A waiver so signed shall be effective only in the 
specific instance and for the specific purpose given.  Mere delay or 
failure to act shall not preclude the exercise or enforcement of any rights 
and remedies available to the Secured Party.  All rights and remedies of 
the Secured Party shall be cumulative and may be exercised singly in any 
order or sequence, or concurrently, at the Secured Party’s option, and the 
exercise or enforcement of any such right or remedy shall neither be a 
condition to nor bar the exercise or enforcement of any other.  Each 
Grantor hereby waives all Requirements of Law, if any, relating to the 
marshalling of assets which would be applicable in connection with the 
enforcement by the Secured Party of its remedies hereunder, absent this 
waiver.  Without limiting the foregoing, each Grantor waives any right 
(except as shall required by applicable statute and cannot be waived) to 
require the Secured Party, before taking action against such Grantor or 
such Grantor’s property, to (a) proceed against any other Grantor or any 
other Person; (b) proceed against or exhaust any security granted by any 
other Grantor or any other Person; or (c) pursue any other remedy in the 
Secured Party’s or any other secured creditor’s power whatsoever.
 
Section 11.                      Notices.  Except as otherwise specified 
herein, all notices, requests, demands or other communications to or upon 
the respective parties hereto shall be given, and deemed given, in 
accordance with the Promissory Note.
 
Section 12.                      Binding Effect.  This Agreement shall be 
binding upon, and inure to the benefit of, each party hereto and its 
respective successors, transferees and assigns.
 
Section 13.  Governing Law.  THE VALIDITY, CONSTRUCTION AND ENFORCEABILITY 
OF THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY THE INTERNAL LAWS OF THE STATE OF 
NEW YORK, WITHOUT GIVING EFFECT TO CONFLICT OF LAWS PRINCIPLES THEREOF.
 
Section 14.  Waiver of Notice and Hearing.  TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, 
EACH GRANTOR HEREBY WAIVES ALL RIGHTS TO A JUDICIAL HEARING OF ANY KIND 
PRIOR TO THE EXERCISE BY THE SECURED PARTY OF ITS RIGHTS TO POSSESSION OF 
THE COLLATERAL WITHOUT JUDICIAL PROCESS OR OF ITS RIGHTS TO REPLEVY, 
ATTACH, OR LEVY UPON THE COLLATERAL WITHOUT PRIOR NOTICE OR HEARING.  EACH 
GRANTOR ACKNOWLEDGES THAT IT HAS BEEN ADVISED BY COUNSEL OF ITS CHOICE WITH 
RESPECT TO THIS PROVISION AND THIS AGREEMENT.
 
Section 15.  Headings.  Section headings used in this Agreement are for 
convenience of reference only and shall not affect the construction of this 
Agreement.
 
Section 16.  Counterparts.  This Agreement may be executed in any number of 
counterparts, each of which when so executed and delivered shall be deemed 
an original, but all such counterparts together shall constitute but one 
and the same instrument.

  	
--
 

 
13
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

 

 
Section 17.  General.  All representations and warranties contained in this 
Agreement shall survive the execution, delivery and performance of this 
Agreement.  Each Grantor waives notice of the execution or acceptance of 
this Agreement by the Secured Party.
 

 
(Signature pages follow)

  	
--
 

 
14
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 


 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Agreement as of the date 
first above written.
  PINNACLE AIRLINES CORP.
By: _______________________________
  Name: ***
  Title: Vice President and General Counsel
  MESABA AVIATION, INC.
By: _______________________________
Name: ***
  Title: Vice President
 


Signature Page to Security and Pledge Agreement
 
15
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

 
 
DELTA AIR LINES, INC.
 

 
                      By:                                                  
                                           
 
                      Name: ***
 
                      Title: Senior Vice President—Delta Connection
 


Signature Page to Security and Pledge Agreement
 
16
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 


 
Exhibit A
 
Grantor Information
 
Legal Name
Jurisdiction of Organization
Chief Executive Office (mailing address)
Federal EID
Pinnacle Airlines Corp.
Delaware
1689 Nonconnah Blvd., Suite 111, Memphis, TN 38132
***
Mesaba Aviation, Inc.
Minnesota
1000 Blue Gentian Road, Suite 200, Eagan, MN 55121
***
 

 


 
17
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 


 
Exhibit B
 

 
Additional PAC Information
 
Express 1 Airlines, Inc.

 
18
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

 
Exhibit C
 
Certain Equipment
 
*** ***
 

*** ***
*** ***
*** ***
*** ***
***
***
*** ***
***
***
*** *** ***
***
***
*** ***
***
*** ***
*** ***
***
***
*** ***
***
***
*** *** *** ***
***
***
***
 
*** ***
 

*** ***
***
***
***
***
*** ***
***
***
***
***
*** ***
***
***
***
***
***
***
***
***
*** *** ***
***
***
***
***
*** ***
*** ***
*** ***
*** ***
*** ***
***
*** ***
*** ***
***
***
*** ***
***
***
***
***
*** *** *** ***
***
***
***
***
 

 
Exhibit D
 
Capital Stock
 

Issuer
Class/Par Value
Authorized Shares
Issued Shares
Certificate No.
Mesaba Aviation, Inc.
Common Stock, $0.01 par value
2,000
1,000
4
 


 
19
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

