 EX-10.80 4 dex1080.htm US DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY COOPERATIVE AGREEMENT


 
Exhibit 10.80


ASSISTANCE AGREEMENT
 
1. Award No. 	   	 	   	2. Modification No. 	   	3. Effective Date 	   	4. 
CFDA No.
DE-FE0004343 	   	 	   	 	   	10/'01/2010 	   	81.134 	   	
5. Awarded To 	   	 	   	        Sponsoring Office 	   	7. Period of 
Performance
ADA-ES, INC. 	   	 	   	    U.S. Department of Energy/’NETL 	   	
10/01/2010
Attn: RICHARD SCHLAGER 	   	    Jennifer Gaudlip 	   	through
8100 SOUTHPARK WAY, STE. B 	   	    jennifer.gaudlip@netl.doe.gov 	   	
03/31/2012
LITTLETON CO 801204525 	   	    626 Cochrans Mill Road 	   	
   	 	   	    PO Box 10940 	   	
   	 	   	    Pittsburgh PA 15236-0940 	   	
8. Type of Agreement 	   	9. Authority 	   	 	   	        10. Purchase 
Request or Funding Document No.
    Grant 	   	See Page 2 	   	 	   	        10FE010592
X Cooperative Agreement 	   	 	   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
    Other 	   	 	   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
11. Remittance Address 	   	 	   	    12. Total Amount 	   	 	   	13. Funds 
Obligated
ADA-ES, INC. 	   	 	   	    Govt. Share: 	   	$15,000,000.00 	   	This 
action: 	   	
Attn: RICHARD SCHLAGER 	   	 	   	 	   	$15,000,000.00 	   	
8100 SOUTHPARK WAY, STE. B 	   	    Cost Share: 	   	$3,750,001.00 	   	
Total 	   	
LITTLETON CO 801204525 	   	 	   	 	   	$15,000,000.00 	   	
   	 	   	    Total: 	   	$18,750,001.00 	   	 	   	
14. Principal Investigator 	   	        15. Program Manager 	   	        
16. Administrator
Sharon Sjostrom 	   	        BRUCE W. LANI 	   	        U.S. DOE/NETL
Phone: 303-339-8856 	   	        Phone: 412-386-5819 	   	        
Pittsburgh Campus
   	 	   	 	   	        626 Cochrans Mill Road
   	 	   	 	   	        PO Box 10940
   	 	   	 	   	        Pittsburgh PA 15236-0940
17. Submit Payment Requests To 	   	18. Paying Office 	   	19. Submit 
Reports To
OR for NETL (Pittsburgh) 	   	OR for NETL (Pittsburgh) 	   	See Attachment 
3
U.S. Department of Energy 	   	U.S. Department of Energy 	   	 	   	
Oak Ridge Financial Service Center 	   	Oak Ridge Financial Service Center 	
   	 	   	
P.O. Box 4967 	   	 	   	P.O. Box 4967 	   	 	   	
Oak Ridge TN 37831 	   	 	   	Oak Ridge TN 37831 	   	 	   	
20. Accounting and Appropriation Data
21. Research Title and/or Description of Project
RECOVERY ACT: “EVALUATION OF SOLID SORBENTS AS AN INDUSTRIAL RETROFIT 
TECHNOLOGY FOR C02 CAPTURE
   	For the Recipient 	   	 	   	 	   	For the United States of America
22. Signature of Person Authorized to Sign 	   	 	   	25. Signature of 
Grants/Agreements Officer
        /s/ Richard Schlager 	   	 	   	        Signature on File
23. Name and Title 	   	24. Date Signed 	   	26. Name of Officer 	   	27. 
Date Signed
        Richard Schlager, Vice President 	   	09/30/2010 	   	Juliana L. 
Heynes 	   	09/17/2010

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 
CONTINUATION SHEET 	   	REFERENCE NO. OF DOCUMENT BEING CONTINUED 	   	   	 	 	 	
   	  	PAGE OF 	   	   	 	 	
   	DE-FE0004343 	   	 	 	 	   	 	 	 	   	 	 	 	   	  	    2 	   	   	  	2 	
  
NAME OF OFFEROR OR CONTRACTOR 	   	 	 	 	   	 	 	 	   	 	 	 	   	 	 	 	   	 	 	
ADA-ES, INC. 	   	 	   	 	 	 	   	 	 	 	   	 	 	 	   	 	 	 	   	 	 	
 
ITEM NO.
(A)
   	
SUPPLIES/SERVICES
(B)
   	

QUANTITY
(C)

   	

UNIT
(D)

   	

UNIT PRICE
(E)

   	

AMOUNT
(F)

   	 
   	
DUNS Number:     133314067
 
Authority:
   	 	   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
   	PL 95-91 DOE Organization Act, PL 111-5 American 	   	 	   	 	   	 	   	 	
   	
   	Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009 and PL 	   	 	   	 	   	 	   	 	  
 	
   	109-58 Energy Policy Act 2005, PL 110-140 Energy 	   	 	   	 	   	 	   	 	
   	
   	Independence and Security Act of 2007 	   	 	   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
   	
 
Responsible Parties:
   	 	   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
   	DOE Program Officer 	   	 	   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
   	Bruce Lani Mail Stop 922-342C 	   	 	   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
   	US DOE/National Energy Technology Laboratory 	   	 	   	 	   	 	   	 	  
 	
   	626 Cochrans Mill Road, P.O. Box 10940 	   	 	   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
   	Pittsburgh, PA 15236-0940 	   	 	   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
   	Phone: 412-386-5819 	   	 	   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
   	E-Mail: Bruce.Lani@netl.doe.go- 	   	 	   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
   	
 
DOE Administrator
   	 	   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
   	Jennifer Gaudlip Mail Stop 921-107 	   	 	   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
   	US DOE/National Energy Technology Laboratory 	   	 	   	 	   	 	   	 	  
 	
   	626 Cochrans Mill Road, P.O. Box 10940 	   	 	   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
   	Pittsburgh, PA 15236-0940 	   	 	   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
   	Phone: 412-386-7249 	   	 	   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
   	E-Mail: Jennifer.Gaudlip@netl.doe.gov 	   	 	   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
   	
 
ADA-ES Principal Investigator
   	 	   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
   	Sharon Sjostrom 	   	 	   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
   	8100 SouthPark Way, Unit B 	   	 	   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
   	Littleton, CO 80120 	   	 	   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
   	Phone: 303-734-1727 	   	 	   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
   	E-Mail: sharons@adaes.com 	   	 	   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
   	
 
ADA-ES Business Foint of Contact
   	 	   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
   	Robin Stewart, Manager, Contract R&D 	   	 	   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
   	8100 SouthPark Way, Unit B 	   	 	   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
   	Littleton, CO 80120 	   	 	   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
   	Phone: 303-339-8863 	   	 	   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
   	E-Mail: robins@adaes.com 	   	 	   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
   	
 
ASAP: NO: STD IMMEDIATE Extent Competed: COMPETED
   	 	   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
   	Davis-Bacon Act: YES PI: Sharon Sjostrom 	   	 	   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
   	Fund: 05899 Appr Year: 2009 Allottee: 31 Report 	   	 	   	 	   	 	   	 	
   	
   	Entity: 220317 Object Class: 25500 Program: 	   	 	   	 	   	 	   	 	   	
   	1611007    Project:2003010 WFO:0000000 Local Use: 	   	 	   	 	   	 	   	 	
   	
   	0000000    TAS Agency: 89 TAS Account: 0211 	   	 	   	 	   	 	   	 	   	

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 
SPECIAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS
U.S. Department of Energy
DE-FE0004343
Table of Contents
 
RESOLUTION OF CONFLICTING CONDITIONS 	   	  	2 	  
AWARD AGREEMENT TERMS AND CONDITIONS 	   	  	2 	  
AWARD PROJECT PERIOD AND BUDGET PERIODS 	   	  	2 	  
PAYMENT PROCEDURES - REIMBURSEMENT THROUGH THE AUTOMATED CLEARING HOUSE 
(ACH) VENDER INQUIRY PAYMENT ELECTRONIC REPORTING SYSTEM (VIPERS) 	   	  	
2 	  
COST SHARING 	   	  	3 	  
REBUDGETING AND RECOVERY OF INDIRECT COSTS - REIMBURSABLE INDIRECT COSTS 
AND FRINGE BENEFITS 	   	  	3 	  
USE OF PROGRAM INCOME - ADDITION 	   	  	4 	  
STATEMENT OF FEDERAL STEWARDSHIP 	   	  	4 	  
STATEMENT OF SUBSTANTIAL INVOLVEMENT 	   	  	4 	  
SITE VISITS 	   	  	5 	  
REPORTING REQUIREMENTS 	   	  	5 	  
PUBLICATIONS 	   	  	5 	  
FEDERAL, STATE, AND MUNICIPAL REQUIREMENTS 	   	  	6 	  
INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY PROVISIONS AND CONTACT INFORMATION 	   	  	6 	  
NATIONAL SECURITY: CLASSIFIABLE RESULTS ORIGINATING UNDER AN AWARD 	   	  	
6 	  
CONTINUATION APPLICATION AND FUNDING - AWARDS UNDER 10 CFR 600 	   	  	7 	  

LOBBYING RESTRICTIONS 	   	  	7 	  
NOTICE REGARDING THE PURCHASE OF AMERICAN-MADE EQUIPMENT AND PRODUCTS — 
SENSE OF CONGRESS 	   	  	7 	  
ENVIRONMENTAL, SAFETY AND HEALTH (ES&H) PERFORMANCE OF WORK AT DOE 
FACILITIES 	   	  	7 	  
FUNDING OF BUDGET PERIODS 	   	  	8 	  
INSOLVENCY, BANKRUPTCY OR RECEIVERSHIP 	   	  	8 	  
PERFORMANCE OF WORK IN UNITED STATES 	   	  	8 	  
NATIONAL ENVIRONMENTAL POLICY ACT (NEPA) REQUIREMENTS 	   	  	8 	  
DECONTAMINATION AND/OR DECOMMISSIONING (D &D) COSTS 	   	  	9 	  
SPECIAL PROVISIONS RELATING TO WORK FUNDED UNDER AMERICAN RECOVERY AND 
REINVESTMENT ACT OF 2009 (MAR 2009) 	   	  	9 	  
REPORTING AND REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS UNDER SECTION 1512 OF THE RECOVERY 
ACT 	   	  	12 	  
REQUIRED USE OF AMERICAN IRON, STEEL, AND MANUFACTURED GOODS (COVERED UNDER 
INTERNATIONAL AGREEMENTS) - SECTION 1605 OF THE AMERICAN RECOVERY AND 
REINVESTMENT ACT OF 2009 	   	  	12 	  
WAGE RATE REQUIREMENTS UNDER SECTION 1606 OF THE RECOVERY ACT 	   	  	15 	  

RECOVERY ACT TRANSACTIONS LISTED IN SCHEDULE OF EXPENDITURES OF FEDERAL 
AWARDS AND RECIPIENT RESPONSIBILITIES FOR INFORMING SUBRECIPIENTS 	   	  	
15 	  
DAVIS BACON ACT AND CONTRACT WORK HOURS AND SAFETY STANDARDS ACT 	   	  	
16 	  
RECIPIENT FUNCTIONS 	   	  	23 	  
SUBRECIPIENT/SUBCONTRACT APPROVALS 	   	  	23 	  
HOST SITE AGREEMENT 	   	  	24 	  
 
Page 1 of 24

------------------------------------------------------------------------



 
SPECIAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS


RESOLUTION OF CONFLICTING CONDITIONS

Any apparent inconsistency between Federal statutes and regulations and the 
terms and conditions contained in this award must be referred to the DOE 
Award Administrator for guidance.


AWARD AGREEMENT TERMS AND CONDITIONS

This award/agreement consists of the Grant and Cooperative Agreement cover 
page, plus the following:


a.        Special terms and conditions.


b.        Attachments:
 
Attachment No. 	   	Title
1 	   	Intellectual Property Provisions
2 	   	Statement of Project Objectives
3 	   	Federal Assistance Reporting Checklist
4 	   	Budget Pages
5 	   	Responsible Parties
6 	   	Wage Rate Determination (RESERVED)


c.        Applicable program regulations


d.        DOE Assistance Regulations, 10 CFR 600 at 
http://ecfr.gpoaccess.gov.


e.        If the award is for research and to a university or non-profit, 
the Research Terms & Conditions and the DOE Agency Specific Requirements at 
http://www.nsf.gov/bfa/dias/policy/rtc/index.jsp.


f.        Application/proposal as approved by DOE.


g.        National Policy Assurances to Be Incorporated as Award Terms in 
effect on date of award at 
http://management.energy.gov/business_doe/1374.htm.


AWARD PROJECT PERIOD AND BUDGET PERIODS

The Project Period for this award is 10/01/2010 through 12/31/2014 
consisting of the following Budget Periods.
 
Budget Period 	  	Start Date 	  	End Date
1 	  	10/01/2010 	  	03/31/2012
2 	  	04/01/2012 	  	09/30/2013
3 	  	10/01/2013 	  	12/31/2014


PAYMENT PROCEDURES - REIMBURSEMENT THROUGH THE AUTOMATED CLEARING HOUSE 
(ACH) VENDER INQUIRY PAYMENT ELECTRONIC REPORTING SYSTEM (VIPERS)

a.        Method of Payment. Payment will be made by reimbursement through 
ACH.


b.        Requesting Reimbursement. Requests for reimbursements must be 
made electronically through Department of Energy’s Oak Ridge Financial 
Service Center (ORFSC) VIPERS. To access and use VIPERS, you must enroll at 
https://finweb.oro.doe.gov/vipers.htm. Detailed instructions on how to 
enroll are provided on the web site.


For non-construction awards, you must submit a Standard Form (SF) 270, 
“Request for Advance or Reimbursement” at 
https://finweb.oro.doe.gov/vipers.htm and attach a file containing 
appropriate supporting documentation. The file attachment must show the 
total federal share claimed on the SF 270, the non-federal share claimed 
for the billing period if cost sharing is required, and cumulative 
expenditures to date (both Federal and non-Federal) for each of the 
following categories: salaries/wages and fringe benefits; equipment; 
travel; participant/training support costs, if any; other direct costs, 
including subawards/contracts; and indirect costs. For construction awards, 
you must submit a SF 271, “Outlay Report and Request for Reimbursement for 
Construction Programs,” through VIPERS.
 
Page 2 of 24

------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
c.        Timing of submittals. Submittal of the SF 270 or SF 271 should 
coincide with your normal billing pattern, but not more frequently than 
every two weeks. Requests for reimbursement must be limited to the amount 
of disbursements made during the billing period for the federal share of 
direct project costs and the proportionate share of any allowable indirect 
costs incurred during that billing period.


d.        Adjusting payment requests for available cash. You must disburse 
any funds that are available from repayments to and interest earned on a 
revolving fund, program income, rebates, refunds, contract settlements, 
audit recoveries, credits, discounts, and interest earned on any of those 
funds before requesting additional cash payments from DOE.


e.        Payments. The DOE approving official will approve the invoice as 
soon as practicable but not later than 30 days after your request is 
received, unless the billing is improper. Upon receipt of an invoice 
payment authorization from the DOE approving official, the ORFSC will 
disburse payment to you. You may check the status of your payments at the 
VIPER web site. All payments are made by electronic funds transfer to the 
bank account identified on the ACH Vendor/Miscellaneous Payment Enrollment 
Form (SF 3881) that you filed.


COST SHARING

a.        Total Estimated Project Cost is the sum of the Government share 
and Recipient share of the estimated project costs. The Recipient’s cost 
share must come from non-Federal sources unless otherwise allowed by law. 
By accepting federal funds under this award, you agree that you are liable 
for your percentage share of total allowable project costs, on a budget 
period basis, even if the project is terminated early or is not funded to 
its completion. This cost is shared as follows:
 

Budget Period (Start Date)

   	Budget Period 1
(10/01/2010) 	  	  	Budget Period 2
(04/01/2012) 	  	  	Budget Period 3
(10/01/2013) 	  	  	Total Estimated
Cost 	 

 DOE Share

   	$ 	3,099,474/80 	%  	  	$ 	8,803,606/80 	%  	  	$ 	3,096,920/80 	%  	  	
$ 	15,000,000/80 	% 

 Recipient Share

   	$ 	774,869/20 	%  	  	$ 	2,200,901/20 	%  	  	$ 	774,230/20 	%  	  	$ 	
3,750,000/20 	% 
   	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	 

 Total

   	$ 	3,874,343/100 	%  	  	$ 	11,004,507/100 	%  	  	$ 	3,871,150/100 	%  	
  	$ 	18,750,000/100 	% 
   	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	 

 Budget Period Duration in Months

   	  	18 	   	  	  	18 	   	  	  	15 	   	  	 	 	


b.        If you discover that you may be unable to provide cost sharing of 
at least the amount identified in paragraph a of this term, you should 
immediately provide written notification to the DOE Award Administrator 
indicating whether you will continue or phase out the project. If you plan 
to continue the project, the notification must describe how replacement 
cost sharing will be secured.


c.        You must maintain records of all project costs that you claim as 
cost sharing, including in-kind costs, as well as records of costs to be 
paid by DOE. Such records are subject to audit.


d.        Failure to provide the cost sharing required by this term may 
result in the subsequent recovery by DOE of some or all the funds provided 
under the award.


REBUDGETING AND RECOVERY OF INDIRECT COSTS - REIMBURSABLE INDIRECT COSTS 
AND FRINGE BENEFITS

a.        If actual allowable indirect costs are less than those budgeted 
and funded under the award, you may use the difference to pay additional 
allowable direct costs during the project period. If at the completion of 
the award the Government’s share of total allowable costs (i.e., direct and 
indirect), is less than the total costs reimbursed, you must refund the 
difference.
 
Page 3 of 24

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 
b.        Recipients are expected to manage their indirect costs. DOE will 
not amend an award solely to provide additional funds for changes in 
indirect cost rates. DOE recognizes that the inability to obtain full 
reimbursement for indirect costs means the recipient must absorb the 
underrecovery. Such underrecovery may be allocated as part of the 
organization’s required cost sharing.


USE OF PROGRAM INCOME - ADDITION

If you earn program income during the project period as a result of this 
award, you may add the program income to the funds committed to the award 
and use it to further eligible project objectives.


STATEMENT OF FEDERAL STEWARDSHIP

DOE will exercise normal Federal stewardship in overseeing the project 
activities performed under this award. Stewardship activities include, but 
are not limited to, conducting site visits; reviewing performance and 
financial reports; providing technical assistance and/or temporary 
intervention in unusual circumstances to correct deficiencies which develop 
during the project; assuring compliance with terms and conditions; and 
reviewing technical performance after project completion to ensure that the 
award objectives have been accomplished.


STATEMENT OF SUBSTANTIAL INVOLVEMENT

The Recipient is responsible for:
 
  	• 	  	

Performing the activities supported by this award in accordance with the 
Project Management Plan, including providing the required personnel, 
facilities, equipment, supplies and services;

 
  	• 	  	

Managing and controlling project activities in accordance with established 
processes and procedures to ensure tasks and subtasks are completed within 
schedule and budget constraints defined by the current Project Management 
Plan;

 
  	• 	  	

Implementing an approach to identify, analyze, and respond to project risks 
that is commensurate with the complexity of the project;

 
  	• 	  	

Defining and revising approaches and plans, submitting the plans to DOE for 
review, and incorporating DOE comments;

 
  	• 	  	

Coordinating related project activities with external suppliers, including 
DOE M&O contractors, to ensure effective integration of all work elements;

 
  	• 	  	

Attending annual program review meetings and reporting project status;

 
  	• 	  	

Submitting technical reports and incorporating DOE comments; and

 
  	• 	  	

Presenting the project results at appropriate technical conferences or 
meetings as directed by the DOE Project Officer (number of 
conferences/meetings will not exceed eight (8)).


DOE is responsible for:
 
  	• 	  	

Reviewing in a timely manner project plans, including project management, 
testing and technology transfer plans, and recommending alternate 
approaches, if the plans do not address critical programmatic issues;

 
  	• 	  	

Participating in project management planning activities, including risk 
analysis, to ensure DOE’s program requirements or limitations are 
considered in performance of the work elements;

 
  	• 	  	

Conducting annual program review meetings to ensure adequate progress and 
that the work accomplishes the program and project objectives. Recommending 
alternate approaches or shifting work emphasis, if needed;

 
  	• 	  	

Integrating and redirecting the work effort to ensure that project results 
address critical system and programmatic goals established by DOE FE, in 
coordination with the DOE Existing Plants Division;

 
  	• 	  	

Promoting and facilitating technology transfer activities, including 
disseminating program results through presentations and publications;

 
  	• 	  	

Serving as scientific/technical liaison between awardees and other program 
or industry staff;

 
Page 4 of 24

------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
  	• 	  	

Reviewing and approving any milestones or decision points within the 
Statement of Project Objectives (SOPO) that can hinder technology 
development. The DOE Project Officer will determine if it is in the best 
interest of all parties involved to continue the project. Prior to 
authorizing the Recipient to perform work on a subsequent task, DOE will 
evaluate the progress made against the standards set forth in the SOPO. If 
in DOE’s opinion, such progress has not been as anticipated, the Recipient 
hereby agrees that DOE may elect to discontinue the Cooperative Agreement 
at no additional cost to DOE; and

 
  	• 	  	

Reviewing and concurring with ongoing technical performance to ensure that 
adequate progress has been obtained within the current activities/tasks 
authorized by DOE before work can commence on subsequent activities/tasks 
as addressed within the “CONTINUATION APPLICATION AND FUNDING” provision of 
the Cooperative Agreement.


SITE VISITS

DOE’s authorized representatives have the right to make site visits at 
reasonable times to review project accomplishments and management control 
systems and to provide technical assistance, if required. You must provide, 
and must require your subrecipients to provide, reasonable access to 
facilities, office space, resources, and assistance for the safety and 
convenience of the government representatives in the performance of their 
duties. All site visits and evaluations must be performed in a manner that 
does not unduly interfere with or delay the work.


REPORTING REQUIREMENTS

a.        Requirements. The reporting requirements for this award are 
identified on the Federal Assistance Reporting Checklist, DOE F 4600.2, 
attached to this award. Failure to comply with these reporting requirements 
is considered a material noncompliance with the terms of the award. 
Noncompliance may result in withholding of future payments, suspension, or 
termination of the current award, and withholding of future awards. A 
willful failure to perform, a history of failure to perform, or 
unsatisfactory performance of this and/or other financial assistance 
awards, may also result in a debarment action to preclude future awards by 
Federal agencies.


b.        Dissemination of scientific/technical reports. 
Scientific/technical reports submitted under this award will be 
disseminated on the Internet via the DOE Information Bridge (
www.osti.gov/bridge), unless the report contains patentable material, 
protected data, or SBIR/STTR data. Citations for journal articles produced 
under the award will appear on the DOE Energy Citations Database (
www.osti.gov/energycitations).


c.        Restrictions. Reports submitted to the DOE Information Bridge 
must not contain any Protected Personal Identifiable Information (PII), 
limited rights data (proprietary data), classified information, information 
subject to export control classification, or other information not subject 
to release.


PUBLICATIONS

a.        You are encouraged to publish or otherwise make publicly 
available the results of the work conducted under the award.


b.        An acknowledgment of Federal support and a disclaimer must appear 
in the publication of any material, whether copyrighted or not, based on or 
developed under this project, as follows:


Acknowledgment: “This material is based upon work supported by the 
Department of Energy under Award Number DE-FE0004343.”


Disclaimer: “This report was prepared as an account of work sponsored by an 
agency of the United States Government. Neither the United States 
Government nor any agency thereof, nor any of their employees, makes any 
warranty, express or implied, or assumes any legal liability or 
responsibility for the accuracy, completeness, or usefulness of any 
information, apparatus, product, or process disclosed, or represents that 
its use would not infringe privately owned rights. Reference herein to any 
specific commercial product, process, or service by trade name, trademark, 
manufacturer, or otherwise does not necessarily constitute or imply its 
endorsement, recommendation, or favoring by the United States Government or 
any agency thereof. The views and opinions of authors expressed herein do 
not necessarily state or reflect those of the United States Government or 
any agency thereof.”
 
Page 5 of 24

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 
FEDERAL, STATE, AND MUNICIPAL REQUIREMENTS

You must obtain any required permits and comply with applicable federal, 
state, and municipal laws, codes, and regulations for work performed under 
this award.


INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY PROVISIONS AND CONTACT INFORMATION

a. The intellectual property provisions applicable to this award are 
provided as an attachment to this award or are referenced on the Assistance 
Agreement Face Page. A list of all intellectual property provisions may be 
found at http://www.gc.doe.gov/financial_assistance_awards.htm.


b. Questions regarding intellectual property matters should be referred to 
the DOE Award Administrator and the Patent Counsel designated as the 
service provider for the DOE office that issued the award. The IP Service 
Providers List is found at 
http://www.gc.doe.gov/documents/Intellectual_Property_(IP)_Service_Providers_for_Acquisition.pdf


NATIONAL SECURITY: CLASSIFIABLE RESULTS ORIGINATING UNDER AN AWARD

a.        This award is intended for unclassified, publicly releasable 
research. You will not be granted access to classified information. DOE 
does not expect that the results of the research project will involve 
classified information. Under certain circumstances, however, a 
classification review of information originated under the award may be 
required. The Department may review research work generated under this 
award at any time to determine if it requires classification.


b.        Executive Order 12958 (60 Fed. Reg. 19,825 (1995)) states that 
basic scientific research information not clearly related to the national 
security shall not be classified. Nevertheless, some information concerning 
(among other things) scientific, technological, or economic matters 
relating to national security or cryptology may require classification. If 
you originate information during the course of this award that you believe 
requires classification, you must promptly:


1.        Notify the DOE Project Officer and the DOE Award Administrator;


2.        Submit the information by registered mail directly to the 
Director, Office of Classification and Information Control, SO-10.2; U.S. 
Department of Energy; P.O. Box A; Germantown, MD 20875-0963, for 
classification review.


3.        Restrict access to the information to the maximum extent possible 
until you are informed that the information is not classified, but no 
longer than 30 days after receipt by the Director, Office of Classification 
and Information Control.


c.        If you originate information concerning the production or 
utilization of special nuclear material (i.e., plutonium, uranium enriched 
in the isotope 233 or 235, and any other material so determined under 
section 51 of the Atomic Energy Act) or nuclear energy, you must:


1.        Notify the DOE Project Officer and the DOE Award Administrator;


2.        Submit the information by registered mail directly to the 
Director, Office of Classification and Information Control, SO-10.2; U.S. 
Department of Energy; P. O. Box A; Germantown, MD 20875-0963 for 
classification review within 180 days of the date the recipient first 
discovers or first has reason to believe that the information is useful in 
such production or utilization; and


3.        Restrict access to the information to the maximum extent possible 
until you are informed that the information is not classified, but no 
longer than 90 days after receipt by the Director, Office of Classification 
and Information Control.
 
Page 6 of 24

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 
d.        If DOE determines any of the information requires classification, 
you agree that the Government may terminate the award by mutual agreement 
in accordance with 10 CFR 600.25(d). All material deemed to be classified 
must be forwarded to the DOE, in a manner specified by DOE.


e.        If DOE does not respond within the specified time periods, you 
are under no further obligation to restrict access to the information.


CONTINUATION APPLICATION AND FUNDING - AWARDS UNDER 10 CFR 600

a.        Continuation Application. A continuation application is a 
non-competitive application for an additional budget period within a 
previously approved project period. At least 90 days before the end of each 
budget period, you must submit to the DOE Project Officer and the DOE Award 
Administrator your continuation application, which includes the following 
information:


1.        A report on your progress towards meeting the objectives of the 
project, including any significant findings, conclusions, or developments, 
and an estimate of any unobligated balances remaining at the end of the 
budget period. If the remaining unobligated balance is estimated to exceed 
20 percent of the funds available for the budget period, explain why the 
excess funds have not been obligated and how they will be used in the next 
budget period.


2.        A detailed budget and supporting justification for the upcoming 
budget period if additional funds are requested, a reduction of funds is 
anticipated, or a budget for the upcoming budget period was not approved at 
the time of award


3.        A description of your plans for the conduct of the project during 
the upcoming budget period, if there are changes from the DOE approved 
application.


b.        Continuation Funding. Continuation funding is contingent on (1) 
availability of funds; (2) substantial progress towards meeting the 
objectives of your approved application; (3) submittal of required reports; 
or (4) compliance with the terms and conditions of the award.


LOBBYING RESTRICTIONS

By accepting funds under this award, you agree that none of the funds 
obligated on the award shall be expended, directly or indirectly, to 
influence congressional action on any legislation or appropriation matters 
pending before Congress, other than to communicate to Members of Congress 
as described in 18 U.S.C. 1913. This restriction is in addition to those 
prescribed elsewhere in statute and regulation.


NOTICE REGARDING THE PURCHASE OF AMERICAN-MADE EQUIPMENT AND PRODUCTS — 
SENSE OF CONGRESS

It is the sense of the Congress that, to the greatest extent practicable, 
all equipment and products purchased with funds made available under this 
award should be American-made.


ENVIRONMENTAL, SAFETY AND HEALTH (ES&H) PERFORMANCE OF WORK AT DOE 
FACILITIES

With respect to the performance of any portion of the work under this award 
which is performed at a DOE-owned or controlled site, the recipient agrees 
to comply with all State and Federal ES&H regulations and with all other 
ES&H requirements of the operator of such site.


Prior to the performance on any work at a DOE-Owned or controlled site, the 
recipient shall contact the site facility manager for information on DOE 
and site specific ES&H requirements.


The recipient shall apply this term to its sub-recipients and contractors.
 
Page 7 of 24

------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
FUNDING OF BUDGET PERIODS

DOE has obligated $15,000,000 for completion of the Project authorized by 
this agreement; however, only $3,099,474 is available for work performed by 
the Recipient during Budget Period 1 of the Project. For Budget Periods 2 
and 3, the remainder, or $11,900,526, will be available contingent upon the 
submission by the Recipient of a continuation application and written 
approval of the continuation application by the DOE Contracting Officer.


In the event that the Recipient does not submit a continuation application 
for subsequent Budget Periods or DOE disapproves a continuation application 
for subsequent Budget Periods, the maximum DOE liability to the Recipient 
is the funds that are available for the current approved Budget Period. In 
such event, DOE reserves the right to deobligate any remaining funds.


INSOLVENCY, BANKRUPTCY OR RECEIVERSHIP

a.        You shall immediately notify the DOE of the occurrence of any of 
the following events: (i) you or your parent’s filing of a voluntary case 
seeking liquidation or reorganization under the Bankruptcy Act; (ii) your 
consent to the institution of an involuntary case under the Bankruptcy Act 
against you or your parent; (iii) the filing of any similar proceeding for 
or against you or your parent, or its consent to, the dissolution, 
winding-up or readjustment of your debts, appointment of a receiver, 
conservator, trustee, or other officer with similar powers over you, under 
any other applicable state or federal law; or (iv) your insolvency due to 
your inability to pay your debts generally as they become due.


b.        Such notification shall be in writing and shall: (i) specifically 
set out the details of the occurrence of an event referenced in paragraph 
a; (ii) provide the facts surrounding that event; and (iii) provide the 
impact such event will have on the project being funded by this award.


c.        Upon the occurrence of any of the four events described in the 
first paragraph, DOE reserves the right to conduct a review of your award 
to determine your compliance with the required elements of the award 
(including such items as cost share, progress towards technical project 
objectives, and submission of required reports). If the DOE review 
determines that there are significant deficiencies or concerns with your 
performance under the award, DOE reserves the right to impose additional 
requirements, as needed, including (i) change your payment method; or (ii) 
institute payment controls.


d.        Failure of the Recipient to comply with this term may be 
considered a material noncompliance of this financial assistance award by 
the Contracting Officer.


PERFORMANCE OF WORK IN UNITED STATES

The Recipient agrees that at least 75% of the direct labor cost for the 
project (including subrecipient labor) shall be incurred in the United 
States, unless the Recipient can demonstrate to the satisfaction of the 
Department of Energy that the United States economic interest will be 
better served through a greater percentage of the work being performed 
outside the United States.


NATIONAL ENVIRONMENTAL POLICY ACT (NEPA) REQUIREMENTS

You are restricted from taking any action using Federal funds, which would 
have an adverse effect on the environment or limit the choice of reasonable 
alternatives prior to DOE providing either a NEPA clearance or a final NEPA 
decision regarding this project. Prohibited actions include: Tasks 2.3 and 
4-9 of the Statement of Project Objectives (Attachment 2). This restriction 
does not preclude you from: Tasks 1-3 (with the exception of Task 2.3) of 
the Statement of Project Objectives (Attachment 2).


If you move forward with activities that are not authorized for federal 
funding by the DOE Contracting Officer in advance of the final NEPA 
decision, you are doing so at risk of not receiving federal funding and 
such costs may not be recognized as allowable cost share.
 
Page 8 of 24

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 
If this award includes construction activities, you must submit an 
environmental evaluation report/evaluation notification form addressing 
NEPA issues prior to DOE initiating the NEPA process.


If a Categorical Exclusion (CX) decision is made on this project, the 
Contracting Officer will issue a letter notifying the Recipient that the 
above restrictions have been lifted.


DECONTAMINATION AND/OR DECOMMISSIONING (D &D) COSTS

Notwithstanding any other terms of this Agreement, the Government shall not 
be responsible for or have any obligation to the recipient for (i) 
Decontamination and/or Decommissioning (D&D) of any of the recipient’s 
facilities, or (ii) any costs which may be incurred by the recipient in 
connection with the D&D of any of its facilities due to the performance of 
the work under this Agreement, whether said work was performed prior to or 
subsequent to the effective date of this Agreement.


SPECIAL PROVISIONS RELATING TO WORK FUNDED UNDER AMERICAN RECOVERY AND 
REINVESTMENT ACT OF 2009 (MAR 2009)

Preamble

The American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009, Pub. L. 111-5, 
(Recovery Act) was enacted to preserve and create jobs and promote economic 
recovery, assist those most impacted by the recession, provide investments 
needed to increase economic efficiency by spurring technological advances 
in science and health, invest in transportation, environmental protection, 
and other infrastructure that will provide long-term economic benefits, 
stabilize State and local government budgets, in order to minimize and 
avoid reductions in essential services and counterproductive State and 
local tax increases. Recipients shall use grant funds in a manner that 
maximizes job creation and economic benefit.


The Recipient shall comply with all terms and conditions in the Recovery 
Act relating generally to governance, accountability, transparency, data 
collection and resources as specified in Act itself and as discussed below.


Recipients should begin planning activities for their first tier 
subrecipients, including obtaining a DUNS number (or updating the existing 
DUNS record), and registering with the Central Contractor Registration 
(CCR).


Be advised that Recovery Act funds can be used in conjunction with other 
funding as necessary to complete projects, but tracking and reporting must 
be separate to meet the reporting requirements of the Recovery Act and 
related guidance. For projects funded by sources other than the Recovery 
Act, Contractors must keep separate records for Recovery Act funds and to 
ensure those records comply with the requirements of the Act.


The Government has not fully developed the implementing instructions of the 
Recovery Act, particularly concerning specific procedural requirements for 
the new reporting requirements. The Recipient will be provided these 
details as they become available. The Recipient must comply with all 
requirements of the Act. If the recipient believes there is any 
inconsistency between ARRA requirements and current award terms and 
conditions, the issues will be referred to the Contracting Officer for 
reconciliation.


Definitions

For purposes of this term, Covered Funds means funds expended or obligated 
from appropriations under the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 
2009, Pub. L. 111-5. Covered Funds will have special accounting codes and 
will be identified as Recovery Act funds in the grant, cooperative 
agreement or TIA and/or modification using Recovery Act funds. Covered 
Funds must be reimbursed by September 30, 2015.
 
Page 9 of 24

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 
Non-Federal employer means any employer with respect to covered funds — the 
contractor, subcontractor, grantee, or recipient, as the case may be, if 
the contractor, subcontractor, grantee, or recipient is an employer; and 
any professional membership organization, certification of other 
professional body, any agent or licensee of the Federal government, or any 
person acting directly or indirectly in the interest of an employer 
receiving covered funds; or with respect to covered funds received by a 
State or local government, the State or local government receiving the 
funds and any contractor or subcontractor receiving the funds and any 
contractor or subcontractor of the State or local government; and does not 
mean any department, agency, or other entity of the federal government.


Recipient means any entity that receives Recovery Act funds directly from 
the Federal government (including Recovery Act funds received through 
grant, loan, or contract) other than an individual and includes a State 
that receives Recovery Act Funds.


Special Provisions

A. Flow Down Requirement

Recipients must include these special terms and conditions in any subaward.


B. Segregation of Costs

Recipients must segregate the obligations and expenditures related to 
funding under the Recovery Act. Financial and accounting systems should be 
revised as necessary to segregate, track and maintain these funds apart and 
separate from other revenue streams. No part of the funds from the Recovery 
Act shall be commingled with any other funds or used for a purpose other 
than that of making payments for costs allowable for Recovery Act projects.


C. Prohibition on Use of Funds

None of the funds provided under this agreement derived from the American 
Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009, Pub. L. 111-5, may be used by any 
State or local government, or any private entity, for any casino or other 
gambling establishment, aquarium, zoo, golf course, or swimming pool.


D. Access to Records

With respect to each financial assistance agreement awarded utilizing at 
least some of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by the 
American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009, Pub. L. 111-5, any 
representative of an appropriate inspector general appointed under section 
3 or 8G of the Inspector General Act of 1988 (5 U.S.C. App.) or of the 
Comptroller General is authorized —


(1) to examine any records of the contractor or grantee, any of its 
subcontractors or subgrantees, or any State or local agency administering 
such contract that pertain to, and involve transactions that relate to, the 
subcontract, subcontract, grant, or subgrant; and


(2) to interview any officer or employee of the contractor, grantee, 
subgrantee, or agency regarding such transactions.


E. Publication

An application may contain technical data and other data, including trade 
secrets and/or privileged or confidential information, which the applicant 
does not want disclosed to the public or used by the Government for any 
purpose other than the application. To protect such data, the applicant 
should specifically identify each page including each line or paragraph 
thereof containing the data to be protected and mark the cover sheet of the 
application with the following Notice as well as referring to the Notice on 
each page to which the Notice applies:


Notice of Restriction on Disclosure and Use of Data

The data contained in pages — of this application have been submitted in 
confidence and contain trade secrets or proprietary information, and such 
data shall be used or disclosed only for evaluation purposes, provided that 
if this applicant receives an award as a result of or in connection with 
the submission of this application, DOE shall have the right to use or 
disclose the data here to the extent provided in the award.
 
Page 10 of 24

------------------------------------------------------------------------
This restriction does not limit the Government’s right to use or disclose 
data obtained without restriction from any source, including the applicant.


Information about this agreement will be published on the Internet and 
linked to the website www.recovery.gov, maintained by the Accountability 
and Transparency Board. The Board may exclude posting contractual or other 
information on the website on a case-by-case basis when necessary to 
protect national security or to protect information that is not subject to 
disclosure under sections 552 and 552a of title 5, United States Code.


F. Protecting State and Local Government and Contractor Whistleblowers.


The requirements of Section 1553 of the Act are summarized below. They 
include, but are not limited to:


Prohibition on Reprisals: An employee of any non-Federal employer receiving 
covered funds under the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009, 
Pub. L. 111-5, may not be discharged, demoted, or otherwise discriminated 
against as a reprisal for disclosing, including a disclosure made in the 
ordinary course of an employee’s duties, to the Accountability and 
Transparency Board, an inspector general, the Comptroller General, a member 
of Congress, a State or Federal regulatory or law enforcement agency, a 
person with supervisory authority over the employee (or other person 
working for the employer who has the authority to investigate, discover or 
terminate misconduct), a court or grand jury, the head of a Federal agency, 
or their representatives information that the employee believes is evidence 
of:


- gross mismanagement of an agency contract or grant relating to covered 
funds;


- a gross waste of covered funds;


- a substantial and specific danger to public health or safety related to 
the implementation or use of covered funds;


- an abuse of authority related to the implementation or use of covered 
funds; or


- as violation of law, rule, or regulation related to an agency contract 
(including the competition for or negotiation of a contract) or grant, 
awarded or issued relating to covered funds.


Agency Action: Not later than 30 days after receiving an inspector general 
report of an alleged reprisal, the head of the agency shall determine 
whether there is sufficient basis to conclude that the non-Federal employer 
has subjected the employee to a prohibited reprisal. The agency shall 
either issue an order denying relief in whole or in part or shall take one 
or more of the following actions:


- Order the employer to take affirmative action to abate the reprisal.


- Order the employer to reinstate the person to the position that the 
person held before the reprisal, together with compensation including back 
pay, compensatory damages, employment benefits, and other terms and 
conditions of employment that would apply to the person in that position if 
the reprisal had not been taken.


- Order the employer to pay the employee an amount equal to the aggregate 
amount of all costs and expenses (including attorneys’ fees and expert 
witnesses’ fees) that were reasonably incurred by the employee for or in 
connection with, bringing the complaint regarding the reprisal, as 
determined by the head of a court of competent jurisdiction.


Nonenforceablity of Certain Provisions Waiving Rights and Remedies or 
Requiring Arbitration: Except as provided in a collective bargaining 
agreement, the rights and remedies provided to aggrieved employees by this 
section may not be waived by any agreement, policy, form, or condition of 
employment, including any predispute arbitration agreement. No predispute 
arbitration agreement shall be valid or enforceable if it requires 
arbitration of a dispute arising out of this section.


Requirement to Post Notice of Rights and Remedies: Any employer receiving 
covered funds under the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009, 
Pub. L. 111-5, shall post notice of the rights and remedies as required 
therein. (Refer to section 1553 of the American Recovery and Reinvestment 
Act of 2009, Pub. L. 111-5, www.Recovery.gov, for specific requirements of 
this section and prescribed language for the notices.).


G. Reserved
 
Page 11 of 24

------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
H. False Claims Act

Recipient and sub-recipients shall promptly refer to the DOE or other 
appropriate Inspector General any credible evidence that a principal, 
employee, agent, contractor, sub-grantee, subcontractor or other person has 
submitted a false claim under the False Claims Act or has committed a 
criminal or civil violation of laws pertaining to fraud, conflict of 
interest, bribery, gratuity or similar misconduct involving those funds.


I. Information in Support of Recovery Act Reporting

Recipient may be required to submit backup documentation for expenditures 
of funds under the Recovery Act including such items as timecards and 
invoices. Recipient shall provide copies of backup documentation at the 
request of the Contracting Officer or designee.


J. Availability of Funds

Funds appropriated under the Recovery Act and obligated to this award are 
available for reimbursement of costs until September 30, 2015.


REPORTING AND REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS UNDER SECTION 1512 OF THE RECOVERY 
ACT

(a) This award requires the recipient to complete projects or activities 
which are funded under the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009 
(Recovery Act) and to report on use of Recovery Act funds provided through 
this award. Information from these reports will be made available to the 
public.


(b) The reports are due no later than ten calendar days after each calendar 
quarter in which the recipient receives the assistance award funded in 
whole or in part by the Recovery Act.


(c) Recipients and their first-tier recipients must maintain current 
registrations in the Central Contractor Registration (http://www.ccr.gov) 
at all times during which they have active federal awards funded with 
Recovery Act funds. A Dun and Bradstreet Data Universal Numbering System 
(DUNS) Number (http://www.dnb.com) is one of the requirements for 
registration in the Central Contractor Registration.


(d) The recipient shall report the information described in section 1512(c) 
of the Recovery Act using the reporting instructions and data elements that 
will be provided online at http://www.FederalReporting.gov and ensure that 
any information that is pre-filled is corrected or updated as needed.


REQUIRED USE OF AMERICAN IRON, STEEL, AND MANUFACTURED GOODS (COVERED UNDER 
INTERNATIONAL AGREEMENTS)—SECTION 1605 OF THE AMERICAN RECOVERY AND 
REINVESTMENT ACT OF 2009

(a) Definitions. As used in this award term and condition—

Designated country —

(1) A World Trade Organization Government Procurement Agreement country 
(Aruba, Austria, Belgium, Bulgaria, Canada, Chinese Taipei (Taiwan), 
Cyprus, Czech Republic, Denmark, Estonia, Finland, France, Germany, Greece, 
Hong Kong, Hungary, Iceland, Ireland, Israel, Italy, Japan, Korea (Republic 
of), Latvia, Liechtenstein, Lithuania, Luxembourg, Malta, Netherlands, 
Norway, Poland, Portugal, Romania, Singapore, Slovak Republic, Slovenia, 
Spain, Sweden, Switzerland, and United Kingdom;


(2) A Free Trade Agreement (FTA) country (Australia, Bahrain, Canada, 
Chile, Costa Rica, Dominican Republic, El Salvador, Guatemala, Honduras, 
Israel, Mexico, Morocco, Nicaragua, Oman, Peru, or Singapore);


(3) A United States-European Communities Exchange of Letters (May 15, 1995) 
country: Austria, Belgium, Bulgaria, Cyprus, Czech Republic, Denmark, 
Estonia, Finland, France, Germany, Greece, Hungary, Ireland, Italy, Latvia, 
Lithuania, Luxembourg, Malta, Netherlands, Poland, Portugal, Romania, 
Slovak Republic, Slovenia, Spain, Sweden, and United Kingdom; or


(4) An Agreement between Canada and the United States of America on 
Government Procurement country (Canada).
 
Page 12 of 24

------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
Designated country iron, steel, and/or manufactured goods

(1) Is wholly the growth, product, or manufacture of a designated country; 
or


(2) In the case of a manufactured good that consist in whole or in part of 
materials from another country, has been substantially transformed in a 
designated country into a new and different manufactured good distinct from 
the materials from which it was transformed.


Domestic iron, steel, and/or manufactured good

(1) Is wholly the growth, product, or manufacture of the United States; or


(2) In the case of a manufactured good that consists in whole or in part of 
materials from another country, has been substantially transformed in the 
United States into a new and different manufactured good distinct from the 
materials from which it was transformed. There is no requirement with 
regard to the origin of components or subcomponents in manufactured goods 
or products, as long as the manufacture of the goods occurs in the United 
States.


Foreign iron, steel, and/or manufactured good means iron, steel and/or 
manufactured good that is not domestic or designated country iron, steel, 
and/or manufactured good.


Manufactured good means a good brought to the construction site for 
incorporation into the building or work that has been


(1) Processed into a specific form and shape; or


(2) Combined with other raw material to create a material that has 
different properties than the properties of the individual raw materials.


Public building and public work means a public building of, and a public 
work of, a governmental entity (the United States; the District of 
Columbia; commonwealths, territories, and minor outlying islands of the 
United States; State and local governments; and multi-State, regional, or 
interstate entities which have governmental functions). These buildings and 
works may include, without limitation, bridges, dams, plants, highways, 
parkways, streets, subways, tunnels, sewers, mains, power lines, pumping 
stations, heavy generators, railways, airports, terminals, docks, piers, 
wharves, ways, lighthouses, buoys, jetties, breakwaters, levees, and 
canals, and the construction, alteration, maintenance, or repair of such 
buildings and works.


Steel means an alloy that includes at least 50 percent iron, between .02 
and 2 percent carbon, and may include other elements.


(b) Iron, steel, and manufactured goods.


(1) The award term and condition described in this section implements-


(i) Section 1605(a) of the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009 
(Pub. L. 111-5) (Recovery Act), by requiring that all iron, steel, and 
manufactured goods used in the project are produced in the United States; 
and


(ii) Section 1605(d), which requires application of the Buy American 
requirement in a manner consistent with U.S. obligations under 
international agreements. The restrictions of section 1605 of the Recovery 
Act do not apply to designated country iron, steel, and/or manufactured 
goods. The Buy American requirement in section 1605 shall not be applied 
where the iron, steel or manufactured goods used in the project are from a 
Party to an international agreement that obligates the recipient to treat 
the goods and services of that Party the same as domestic goods and 
services. As of January 1, 2010, this obligation shall only apply to 
projects with an estimated value of $7,804,000 or more.


(2) The recipient shall use only domestic or designated country iron, 
steel, and manufactured goods in performing the work funded in whole or 
part with this award, except as provided in paragraphs (b)(3) and (b)(4) of 
this section.


(3) The requirement in paragraph (b)(2) of this section does not apply to 
the iron, steel, and manufactured goods listed by the Federal Government as 
follows:


TO BE DETERMINED

(4) The award official may add other iron, steel, and manufactured goods to 
the list in paragraph (b)(3) of this section if the Federal Government 
determines that—


(i) The cost of domestic iron, steel, and/or manufactured goods would be 
unreasonable. The cost of domestic iron, steel, and/or manufactured goods 
used in the project is unreasonable when the cumulative cost of such 
material will increase the overall cost of the project by more than 25 
percent;
 
Page 13 of 24

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 
(ii) The iron, steel, and/or manufactured good is not produced, or 
manufactured in the United States in sufficient and reasonably available 
commercial quantities of a satisfactory quality; or


(iii) The application of the restriction of section 1605 of the Recovery 
Act would be inconsistent with the public interest.


(c) Request for determination of inapplicability of section 1605 of the 
Recovery Act or the Buy American Act.


(1)(i) Any recipient request to use foreign iron, steel, and/or 
manufactured goods in accordance with paragraph (b)(4) of this section 
shall include adequate information for Federal Government evaluation of the 
request, including—


(A) A description of the foreign and domestic iron, steel, and/or 
manufactured goods;


(B) Unit of measure;


(C) Quantity;


(D) Cost;


(E) Time of delivery or availability;


(F) Location of the project;


(G) Name and address of the proposed supplier; and


(H) A detailed justification of the reason for use of foreign iron, steel, 
and/or manufactured goods cited in accordance with paragraph (b)(4) of this 
section.


(ii) A request based on unreasonable cost shall include a reasonable survey 
of the market and a completed cost comparison table in the format in 
paragraph (d) of this section.


(iii) The cost of iron, steel, or manufactured goods shall include all 
delivery costs to the construction site and any applicable duty.


(iv) Any recipient request for a determination submitted after Recovery Act 
funds have been obligated for a project for construction, alteration, 
maintenance, or repair shall explain why the recipient could not reasonably 
foresee the need for such determination and could not have requested the 
determination before the funds were obligated. If the recipient does not 
submit a satisfactory explanation, the award official need not make a 
determination.


(2) If the Federal Government determines after funds have been obligated 
for a project for construction, alteration, maintenance, or repair that an 
exception to section 1605 of the Recovery Act applies, the award official 
will amend the award to allow use of the foreign iron, steel, and/or 
relevant manufactured goods. When the basis for the exception is 
nonavailability or public interest, the amended award shall reflect 
adjustment of the award amount, redistribution of budgeted funds, and/or 
other appropriate actions taken to cover costs associated with acquiring or 
using the foreign iron, steel, and/or relevant manufactured goods. When the 
basis for the exception is the unreasonable cost of the domestic iron, 
steel, or manufactured goods, the award official shall adjust the award 
amount or redistribute budgeted funds, as appropriate, by at least the 
differential established in 2 CFR 176.110(a).


(3) Unless the Federal Government determines that an exception to section 
1605 of the Recovery Act applies, use of foreign iron, steel, and/or 
manufactured goods other than designated country iron, steel, and/or 
manufactured goods is noncompliant with the applicable Act.
 
Page 14 of 24

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 
(d) Data. To permit evaluation of requests under paragraph (b) of this 
section based on unreasonable cost, the applicant shall include the 
following information and any applicable supporting data based on the 
survey of suppliers:


Foreign and Domestic Items Cost Comparison
 
Description 	   	Unit of measure 	  	   	Quantity 	  	   	Cost (dollars)* 	
 

 Item 1:

   	  	_________ 	   	   	  	_________ 	   	   	  	_________ 	  

 Foreign steel, iron, or manufactured good

   	  	_________ 	   	   	  	_________ 	   	   	  	_________ 	  

 Domestic steel, iron, or manufactured good

   	 	 	 	   	 	 	 	   	 	 	

 Item 2:

   	 	 	 	   	 	 	 	   	 	 	

 Foreign steel, iron, or manufactured good

   	  	_________ 	   	   	  	_________ 	   	   	  	_________ 	  

 Domestic steel, iron, or manufactured good

   	  	_________ 	   	   	  	_________ 	   	   	  	_________ 	  


[List name, address, telephone number, email address, and contact for 
suppliers surveyed. Attach copy of response; if oral, attach summary.]


[Include other applicable supporting information.]


[*Include all delivery costs to the construction site.]


WAGE RATE REQUIREMENTS UNDER SECTION 1606 OF THE RECOVERY ACT

(a) Section 1606 of the Recovery Act requires that all laborers and 
mechanics employed by contractors and subcontractors on projects funded 
directly by or assisted in whole or in part by and through the Federal 
Government pursuant to the Recovery Act shall be paid wages at rates not 
less than those prevailing on projects of a character similar in the 
locality as determined by the Secretary of Labor in accordance with 
subchapter IV of chapter 31 of title 40, United States Code.


Pursuant to Reorganization Plan No. 14 and the Copeland Act, 40 U.S.C. 
3145, the Department of Labor has issued regulations at 29 CFR parts 1, 3, 
and 5 to implement the Davis-Bacon and related Acts. Regulations in 29 CFR 
5.5 instruct agencies concerning application of the standard Davis-Bacon 
contract clauses set forth in that section. Federal agencies providing 
grants, cooperative agreements, and loans under the Recovery Act shall 
ensure that the standard Davis-Bacon contract clauses found in 29 CFR 
5.5(a) are incorporated in any resultant covered contracts that are in 
excess of $2,000 for construction, alteration or repair (including painting 
and decorating).


(b) For additional guidance on the wage rate requirements of section 1606, 
contact your awarding agency. Recipients of grants, cooperative agreements 
and loans should direct their initial inquiries concerning the application 
of Davis-Bacon requirements to a particular federally assisted project to 
the Federal agency funding the project. The Secretary of Labor retains 
final coverage authority under Reorganization Plan Number 14.


RECOVERY ACT TRANSACTIONS LISTED IN SCHEDULE OF EXPENDITURES OF FEDERAL 
AWARDS AND RECIPIENT RESPONSIBILITIES FOR INFORMING SUBRECIPIENTS

(a) To maximize the transparency and accountability of funds authorized 
under the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009 (Pub. L. 111—5) 
(Recovery Act) as required by Congress and in accordance with 2 CFR 215.21 
“Uniform Administrative Requirements for Grants and Agreements” and OMB 
Circular A—102 Common Rules provisions, recipients agree to maintain 
records that identify adequately the source and application of Recovery Act 
funds. OMB Circular A—102 is available at http://
www.whitehouse.gov/omb/circulars/a102/a102.html.
 
Page 15 of 24

------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
(b) For recipients covered by the Single Audit Act Amendments of 1996 and 
OMB Circular A—133, “Audits of States, Local Governments, and Non-Profit 
Organizations,” recipients agree to separately identify the expenditures 
for Federal awards under the Recovery Act on the Schedule of Expenditures 
of Federal Awards (SEFA) and the Data Collection Form (SF—SAC) required by 
OMB Circular A—133. OMB Circular A—133 is available at 
http://www.whitehouse.gov/omb/circulars/a133/a133.html. This shall be 
accomplished by identifying expenditures for Federal awards made under the 
Recovery Act separately on the SEFA, and as separate rows under Item 9 of 
Part III on the SF—SAC by CFDA number, and inclusion of the prefix “ARRA-” 
in identifying the name of the Federal program on the SEFA and as the first 
characters in Item 9d of Part III on the SF—SAC.


(c) Recipients agree to separately identify to each subrecipient, and 
document at the time of subaward and at the time of disbursement of funds, 
the Federal award number, CFDA number, and amount of Recovery Act funds. 
When a recipient awards Recovery Act funds for an existing program, the 
information furnished to subrecipients shall distinguish the subawards of 
incremental Recovery Act funds from regular subawards under the existing 
program.


(d) Recipients agree to require their subrecipients to include on their 
SEFA information to specifically identify Recovery Act funding similar to 
the requirements for the recipient SEFA described above. This information 
is needed to allow the recipient to properly monitor subrecipient 
expenditure of ARRA funds as well as oversight by the Federal awarding 
agencies, Offices of Inspector General and the Government Accountability 
Office.


DAVIS BACON ACT AND CONTRACT WORK HOURS AND SAFETY STANDARDS ACT

Definitions: For purposes of this article, Davis Bacon Act and Contract 
Work Hours and Safety Standards Act, the following definitions are 
applicable:

(1) “Award” means any grant, cooperative agreement or technology investment 
agreement made with Recovery Act funds by the Department of Energy (DOE) to 
a Recipient. Such Award must require compliance with the labor standards 
clauses and wage rate requirements of the Davis-Bacon Act (DBA) for work 
performed by all laborers and mechanics employed by Recipients (other than 
a unit of State or local government whose own employees perform the 
construction) Subrecipients, Contractors and subcontractors.

(2) “Contractor” means an entity that enters into a Contract. For purposes 
of these clauses, Contractor shall include (as applicable) prime 
contractors, Recipients, Subrecipients, and Recipients’ or Subrecipients’ 
contractors, subcontractors, and lower-tier subcontractors. “Contractor” 
does not mean a unit of State or local government where construction is 
performed by its own employees.”

(3) “Contract” means a contract executed by a Recipient, Subrecipient, 
prime contractor or any tier subcontractor for construction, alteration, or 
repair. It may also mean (as applicable) (i) financial assistance 
instruments such as grants, cooperative agreements, technology investment 
agreements, and loans; and, (ii) Sub awards, contracts and subcontracts 
issued under financial assistance agreements. “Contract” does not mean a 
financial assistance instrument with a unit of State or local government 
where construction is performed by its own employees.

(4) “Contracting Officer” means the DOE official authorized to execute an 
Award on behalf of DOE and who is responsible for the business management 
and non-program aspects of the financial assistance process.

(5) “Recipient” means any entity other than an individual that receives an 
Award of Federal funds in the form of a grant, cooperative agreement or 
technology investment agreement directly from the Federal Government and is 
financially accountable for the use of any DOE funds or property, and is 
legally responsible for carrying out the terms and conditions of the 
program and Award.
 
Page 16 of 24

------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
(6) “Subaward” means an award of financial assistance in the form of money, 
or property in lieu of money, made under an award by a Recipient to an 
eligible Subrecipient or by a Subrecipient to a lower- tier subrecipient. 
The term includes financial assistance when provided by any legal 
agreement, even if the agreement is called a contract, but does not include 
the Recipient’s procurement of goods and services to carry out the program 
nor does it include any form of assistance which is excluded from the 
definition of “Award” above.

(7) “Subrecipient” means a non-Federal entity that expends Federal funds 
received from a Recipient to carry out a Federal program, but does not 
include an individual that is a beneficiary of such a program.


(a) Davis Bacon Act

(1) Minimum wages.

(i) All laborers and mechanics employed or working upon the site of the 
work (or under the United States Housing Act of 1937 or under the Housing 
Act of 1949 in the construction or development of the project), will be 
paid unconditionally and not less often than once a week, and without 
subsequent deduction or rebate on any account (except such payroll 
deductions as are permitted by regulations issued by the Secretary of Labor 
under the Copeland Act (29 CFR part 3) ), the full amount of wages and bona 
fide fringe benefits (or cash equivalents thereof) due at time of payment 
computed at rates not less than those contained in the wage determination 
of the Secretary of Labor which is reserved for attachment hereto and shall 
be made a part hereof upon determination of a host site for the project, 
regardless of any contractual relationship which may be alleged to exist 
between the Contractor and such laborers and mechanics.

Contributions made or costs reasonably anticipated for bona fide fringe 
benefits under section 1(b)(2) of the Davis-Bacon Act on behalf of laborers 
or mechanics are considered wages paid to such laborers or mechanics, 
subject to the provisions of paragraph (a)(1)(iv) of this section; also, 
regular contributions made or costs incurred for more than a weekly period 
(but not less often than quarterly) under plans, funds, or programs which 
cover the particular weekly period, are deemed to be constructively made or 
incurred during such weekly period. Such laborers and mechanics shall be 
paid the appropriate wage rate and fringe benefits on the wage 
determination for the classification of work actually performed, without 
regard to skill, except as provided in § 5.5(a)(4). Laborers or mechanics 
performing work in more than one classification may be compensated at the 
rate specified for each classification for the time actually worked 
therein: Provided, That the employer’s payroll records accurately set forth 
the time spent in each classification in which work is performed. The wage 
determination (including any additional classification and wage rates 
conformed under paragraph (a)(1)(ii) of this section) and the Davis-Bacon 
poster (WH-1321) shall be posted at all times by the Contractor and its 
subcontractors at the site of the work in a prominent and accessible place 
where it can be easily seen by the workers.

(ii)(A) The Contracting Officer shall require that any class of laborers or 
mechanics, including helpers, which is not listed in the wage determination 
and which is to be employed under the Contract shall be classified in 
conformance with the wage determination. The Contracting Officer shall 
approve an additional classification and wage rate and fringe benefits 
therefore only when the following criteria have been met:

(1) The work to be performed by the classification requested is not 
performed by a classification in the wage determination; and

(2) The classification is utilized in the area by the construction 
industry; and

(3) The proposed wage rate, including any bona fide fringe benefits, bears 
a reasonable relationship to the wage rates contained in the wage 
determination.
 
Page 17 of 24

------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
(B) If the Contractor and the laborers and mechanics to be employed in the 
classification (if known), or their representatives, and the Contracting 
Officer agree on the classification and wage rate (including the amount 
designated for fringe benefits where appropriate), a report of the action 
taken shall be sent by the Contracting Officer to the Administrator of the 
Wage and Hour Division, U.S. Department of Labor, Washington, DC 20210. The 
Administrator, or an authorized representative, will approve, modify, or 
disapprove every additional classification action within 30 days of receipt 
and so advise the Contracting Officer or will notify the Contracting 
Officer within the 30-day period that additional time is necessary.

(C) In the event the Contractor, the laborers or mechanics to be employed 
in the classification or their representatives, and the Contracting Officer 
do not agree on the proposed classification and wage rate (including the 
amount designated for fringe benefits, where appropriate), the Contracting 
Officer shall refer the questions, including the views of all interested 
parties and the recommendation of the Contracting Officer, to the 
Administrator for determination. The Administrator, or an authorized 
representative, will issue a determination within 30 days of receipt and so 
advise the Contracting Officer or will notify the Contracting Officer 
within the 30-day period that additional time is necessary.

(D) The wage rate (including fringe benefits where appropriate) determined 
pursuant to paragraphs (a)(1)(ii)(B) or (C) of this section, shall be paid 
to all workers performing work in the classification under this Contract 
from the first day on which work is performed in the classification.

(iii) Whenever the minimum wage rate prescribed in the Contract for a class 
of laborers or mechanics includes a fringe benefit which is not expressed 
as an hourly rate, the Contractor shall either pay the benefit as stated in 
the wage determination or shall pay another bona fide fringe benefit or an 
hourly cash equivalent thereof.

(iv) If the Contractor does not make payments to a trustee or other third 
person, the Contractor may consider as part of the wages of any laborer or 
mechanic the amount of any costs reasonably anticipated in providing bona 
fide fringe benefits under a plan or program, Provided, That the Secretary 
of Labor has found, upon the written request of the Contractor, that the 
applicable standards of the Davis-Bacon Act have been met. The Secretary of 
Labor may require the Contractor to set aside in a separate account assets 
for the meeting of obligations under the plan or program.

(2) Withholding. The Department of Energy or the Recipient or Subrecipient 
shall upon its own action or upon written request of an authorized 
representative of the Department of Labor withhold or cause to be withheld 
from the Contractor under this Contract or any other Federal contract with 
the same prime contractor, or any other federally-assisted contract subject 
to Davis-Bacon prevailing wage requirements, which is held by the same 
prime contractor, so much of the accrued payments or advances as may be 
considered necessary to pay laborers and mechanics, including apprentices, 
trainees, and helpers, employed by the Contractor or any subcontractor the 
full amount of wages required by the Contract. In the event of failure to 
pay any laborer or mechanic, including any apprentice, trainee, or helper, 
employed or working on the site of the work (or under the United States 
Housing Act of 1937 or under the Housing Act of 1949 in the construction or 
development of the project), all or part of the wages required by the 
Contract, the Department of Energy, Recipient, or Subrecipient, may, after 
written notice to the Contractor, sponsor, applicant, or owner, take such 
action as may be necessary to cause the suspension of any further payment, 
advance, or guarantee of funds until such violations have ceased.
 
Page 18 of 24

------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
(3) Payrolls and basic records.

(i) Payrolls and basic records relating thereto shall be maintained by the 
Contractor during the course of the work and preserved for a period of 
three years thereafter for all laborers and mechanics working at the site 
of the work (or under the United States Housing Act of 1937, or under the 
Housing Act of 1949, in the construction or development of the project). 
Such records shall contain the name, address, and social security number of 
each such worker, his or her correct classification, hourly rates of wages 
paid (including rates of contributions or costs anticipated for bona fide 
fringe benefits or cash equivalents thereof of the types described in 
section 1(b)(2)(B) of the Davis-Bacon Act), daily and weekly number of 
hours worked, deductions made and actual wages paid. Whenever the Secretary 
of Labor has found under 29 CFR 5.5(a)(1)(iv) that the wages of any laborer 
or mechanic include the amount of any costs reasonably anticipated in 
providing benefits under a plan or program described in section 1(b)(2)(B) 
of the Davis-Bacon Act, the Contractor shall maintain records which show 
that the commitment to provide such benefits is enforceable, that the plan 
or program is financially responsible, and that the plan or program has 
been communicated in writing to the laborers or mechanics affected, and 
records which show the costs anticipated or the actual cost incurred in 
providing such benefits. Contractors employing apprentices or trainees 
under approved programs shall maintain written evidence of the registration 
of apprenticeship programs and certification of trainee programs, the 
registration of the apprentices and trainees, and the ratios and wage rates 
prescribed in the applicable programs.
 
  	(ii) 	(A) The Contractor shall submit weekly for each week in which any 
Contract work is performed a copy of all payrolls to the Department of 
Energy if the agency is a party to the Contract, but if the agency is not 
such a party, the Contractor will submit the payrolls to the Recipient or 
Subrecipient (as applicable), applicant, sponsor, or owner, as the case may 
be, for transmission to the Department of Energy. The payrolls submitted 
shall set out accurately and completely all of the information required to 
be maintained under 29 CFR 5.5(a)(3)(i), except that full social security 
numbers and home addresses shall not be included on weekly transmittals. 
Instead the payrolls shall only need to include an individually identifying 
number for each employee (e.g., the last four digits of the employee’s 
social security number). The required weekly payroll information may be 
submitted in any form desired. Optional Form WH-347 is available for this 
purpose from the Wage and Hour Division Web site at 
http://www.dol.gov/esa/whd/forms/wh347instr.htm or its successor site. The 
prime Contractor is responsible for the submission of copies of payrolls by 
all subcontractors. Contractors and subcontractors shall maintain the full 
social security number and current address of each covered worker, and 
shall provide them upon request to the Department of Energy if the agency 
is a party to the Contract, but if the agency is not such a party, the 
Contractor will submit them to the Recipient or Subrecipient (as 
applicable), applicant, sponsor, or owner, as the case may be, for 
transmission to the Department of Energy, the Contractor, or the Wage and 
Hour Division of the Department of Labor for purposes of an investigation 
or audit of compliance with prevailing wage requirements. It is not a 
violation of this section for a prime contractor to require a subcontractor 
to provide addresses and social security numbers to the prime contractor 
for its own records, without weekly submission to the sponsoring government 
agency (or the Recipient or Subrecipient (as applicable), applicant, 
sponsor, or owner).

(B) Each payroll submitted shall be accompanied by a “Statement of 
Compliance,” signed by the Contractor or subcontractor or his or her agent 
who pays or supervises the payment of the persons employed under the 
Contract and shall certify the following:

(1) That the payroll for the payroll period contains the information 
required to be provided under § 5.5 (a)(3)(ii) of Regulations, 29 CFR part 
5, the appropriate information is being maintained under § 5.5 (a)(3)(i) of 
Regulations, 29 CFR part 5, and that such information is correct and 
complete;
 
Page 19 of 24

------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
(2) That each laborer or mechanic (including each helper, apprentice, and 
trainee) employed on the Contract during the payroll period has been paid 
the full weekly wages earned, without rebate, either directly or 
indirectly, and that no deductions have been made either directly or 
indirectly from the full wages earned, other than permissible deductions as 
set forth in Regulations, 29 CFR part 3;

(3) That each laborer or mechanic has been paid not less than the 
applicable wage rates and fringe benefits or cash equivalents for the 
classification of work performed, as specified in the applicable wage 
determination incorporated into the Contract.

(C) The weekly submission of a properly executed certification set forth on 
the reverse side of Optional Form WH-347 shall satisfy the requirement for 
submission of the “Statement of Compliance” required by paragraph 
(a)(3)(ii)(B) of this section.

(D) The falsification of any of the above certifications may subject the 
Contractor or subcontractor to civil or criminal prosecution under section 
1001 of title 18 and section 3729 of title 31 of the United States Code.

(iii) The Contractor or subcontractor shall make the records required under 
paragraph (a)(3)(i) of this section available for inspection, copying, or 
transcription by authorized representatives of the Department of Energy or 
the Department of Labor, and shall permit such representatives to interview 
employees during working hours on the job. If the Contractor or 
subcontractor fails to submit the required records or to make them 
available, the Federal agency may, after written notice to the Contractor, 
sponsor, applicant, or owner, take such action as may be necessary to cause 
the suspension of any further payment, advance, or guarantee of funds. 
Furthermore, failure to submit the required records upon request or to make 
such records available may be grounds for debarment action pursuant to 29 
CFR 5.12.


(4) Apprentices and trainees—

(i) Apprentices. Apprentices will be permitted to work at less than the 
predetermined rate for the work they performed when they are employed 
pursuant to and individually registered in a bona fide apprenticeship 
program registered with the U.S. Department of Labor, Employment and 
Training Administration, Office of Apprenticeship Training, Employer and 
Labor Services, or with a State Apprenticeship Agency recognized by the 
Office, or if a person is employed in his or her first 90 days of 
probationary employment as an apprentice in such an apprenticeship program, 
who is not individually registered in the program, but who has been 
certified by the Office of Apprenticeship Training, Employer and Labor 
Services or a State Apprenticeship Agency (where appropriate) to be 
eligible for probationary employment as an apprentice. The allowable ratio 
of apprentices to journeymen on the job site in any craft classification 
shall not be greater than the ratio permitted to the Contractor as to the 
entire work force under the registered program. Any worker listed on a 
payroll at an apprentice wage rate, who is not registered or otherwise 
employed as stated above, shall be paid not less than the applicable wage 
rate on the wage determination for the classification of work actually 
performed. In addition, any apprentice performing work on the job site in 
excess of the ratio permitted under the registered program shall be paid 
not less than the applicable wage rate on the wage determination for the 
work actually performed. Where a Contractor is performing construction on a 
project in a locality other than that in which its program is registered, 
the ratios and wage rates (expressed in percentages of the journeyman’s 
hourly rate) specified in the Contractor’s or subcontractor’s registered 
program shall be observed. Every apprentice must be paid at not less than 
the rate specified in the registered program for
 
Page 20 of 24

------------------------------------------------------------------------
the apprentice’s level of progress, expressed as a percentage of the 
journeymen hourly rate specified in the applicable wage determination. 
Apprentices shall be paid fringe benefits in accordance with the provisions 
of the apprenticeship program. If the apprenticeship program does not 
specify fringe benefits, apprentices must be paid the full amount of fringe 
benefits listed on the wage determination for the applicable 
classification. If the Administrator determines that a different practice 
prevails for the applicable apprentice classification, fringes shall be 
paid in accordance with that determination. In the event the Office of 
Apprenticeship Training, Employer and Labor Services, or a State 
Apprenticeship Agency recognized by the Office, withdraws approval of an 
apprenticeship program, the Contractor will no longer be permitted to 
utilize apprentices at less than the applicable predetermined rate for the 
work performed until an acceptable program is approved.

(ii) Trainees. Except as provided in 29 CFR 5.16, trainees will not be 
permitted to work at less than the predetermined rate for the work 
performed unless they are employed pursuant to and individually registered 
in a program which has received prior approval, evidenced by formal 
certification by the U.S. Department of Labor, Employment and Training 
Administration. The ratio of trainees to journeymen on the job site shall 
not be greater than permitted under the plan approved by the Employment and 
Training Administration. Every trainee must be paid at not less than the 
rate specified in the approved program for the trainee’s level of progress, 
expressed as a percentage of the journeyman hourly rate specified in the 
applicable wage determination. Trainees shall be paid fringe benefits in 
accordance with the provisions of the trainee program. If the trainee 
program does not mention fringe benefits, trainees shall be paid the full 
amount of fringe benefits listed on the wage determination unless the 
Administrator of the Wage and Hour Division determines that there is an 
apprenticeship program associated with the corresponding journeyman wage 
rate on the wage determination which provides for less than full fringe 
benefits for apprentices. Any employee listed on the payroll at a trainee 
rate who is not registered and participating in a training plan approved by 
the Employment and Training Administration shall be paid not less than the 
applicable wage rate on the wage determination for the classification of 
work actually performed. In addition, any trainee performing work on the 
job site in excess of the ratio permitted under the registered program 
shall be paid not less than the applicable wage rate on the wage 
determination for the work actually performed. In the event the Employment 
and Training Administration withdraws approval of a training program, the 
Contractor will no longer be permitted to utilize trainees at less than the 
applicable predetermined rate for the work performed until an acceptable 
program is approved.

(iii) Equal employment opportunity. The utilization of apprentices, 
trainees and journeymen under this part shall be in conformity with the 
equal employment opportunity requirements of Executive Order 11246, as 
amended and 29 CFR part 30.

(5) Compliance with Copeland Act requirements. The Contractor shall comply 
with the requirements of 29 CFR part 3, which are incorporated by reference 
in this Contract.

(6) Contracts and Subcontracts. The Recipient, Subrecipient, the 
Recipient’s and Subrecipient’s contractors and subcontractor shall insert 
in any Contracts the clauses contained herein in(a)(1) through (10) and 
such other clauses as the Department of Energy may by appropriate 
instructions require, and also a clause requiring the subcontractors to 
include these clauses in any lower tier subcontracts. The Recipient shall 
be responsible for the compliance by any subcontractor or lower tier 
subcontractor with all of the paragraphs in this clause.

(7) Contract termination: debarment. A breach of the Contract clauses in 29 
CFR 5.5 may be grounds for termination of the Contract, and for debarment 
as a contractor and a subcontractor as provided in 29 CFR 5.12.

(8) Compliance with Davis-Bacon and Related Act requirements. All rulings 
and interpretations of the Davis-Bacon and Related Acts contained in 29 CFR 
parts 1, 3, and 5 are herein incorporated by reference in this Contract.
 
Page 21 of 24

------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
(9) Disputes concerning labor standards. Disputes arising out of the labor 
standards provisions of this Contract shall not be subject to the general 
disputes clause of this Contract. Such disputes shall be resolved in 
accordance with the procedures of the Department of Labor set forth in 29 
CFR parts 5, 6, and 7. Disputes within the meaning of this clause include 
disputes between the Recipient, Subrecipient, the Contractor (or any of its 
subcontractors) and the contracting agency, the U.S. Department of Labor, 
or the employees or their representatives.

(10) Certification of eligibility.

(i) By entering into this Contract, the Contractor certifies that neither 
it (nor he or she) nor any person or firm who has an interest in the 
Contractor’s firm is a person or firm ineligible to be awarded Government 
contracts by virtue of section 3(a) of the Davis-Bacon Act or 29 CFR 
5.12(a)(1).

(ii) No part of this Contract shall be subcontracted to any person or firm 
ineligible for award of a Government contract by virtue of section 3(a) of 
the Davis-Bacon Act or 29 CFR 5.12(a)(1).

(iii) The penalty for making false statements is prescribed in the U.S. 
Criminal Code, 18 U.S.C. 1001.


(b) Contract Work Hours and Safety Standards Act. As used in this 
paragraph, the terms laborers and mechanics include watchmen and guards.

(1) Overtime requirements. No Contractor or subcontractor contracting for 
any part of the Contract work which may require or involve the employment 
of laborers or mechanics shall require or permit any such laborer or 
mechanic in any workweek in which he or she is employed on such work to 
work in excess of forty hours in such workweek unless such laborer or 
mechanic receives compensation at a rate not less than one and one-half 
times the basic rate of pay for all hours worked in excess of forty hours 
in such workweek.

(2) Violation; liability for unpaid wages; liquidated damages. In the event 
of any violation of the clause set forth in paragraph (b)(1) of this 
section the Contractor and any subcontractor responsible therefore shall be 
liable for the unpaid wages. In addition, such Contractor and subcontractor 
shall be liable to the United States (in the case of work done under 
contract for the District of Columbia or a territory, to such District or 
to such territory), for liquidated damages. Such liquidated damages shall 
be computed with respect to each individual laborer or mechanic, including 
watchmen and guards, employed in violation of the clause set forth in 
paragraph (b)(1) of this section, in the sum of $10 for each calendar day 
on which such individual was required or permitted to work in excess of the 
standard workweek of forty hours without payment of the overtime wages 
required by the clause set forth in paragraph (b)(1) of this section.

(3) Withholding for unpaid wages and liquidated damages. The Department of 
Energy or the Recipient or Subrecipient shall upon its own action or upon 
written request of an authorized representative of the Department of Labor 
withhold or cause to be withheld, from any moneys payable on account of 
work performed by the Contractor or subcontractor under any such contract 
or any other Federal contract with the same prime Contractor, or any other 
federally-assisted contract subject to the Contract Work Hours and Safety 
Standards Act, which is held by the same prime contractor, such sums as may 
be determined to be necessary to satisfy any liabilities of such Contractor 
or subcontractor for unpaid wages and liquidated damages as provided in the 
clause set forth in paragraph (b)(2) of this section.
 
Page 22 of 24

------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
(4) Contracts and Subcontracts. The Recipient, Subrecipient, and 
Recipient’s and Subrecipient’s contractor or subcontractor shall insert in 
any Contracts, the clauses set forth in paragraph (b)(1) through (4) of 
this section and also a clause requiring the subcontractors to include 
these clauses in any lower tier subcontracts. The Recipient shall be 
responsible for compliance by any subcontractor or lower tier subcontractor 
with the clauses set forth in paragraphs (b)(1) through (4) of this 
section.

(5) The Contractor or subcontractor shall maintain payrolls and basic 
payroll records during the course of the work and shall preserve them for a 
period of three years from the completion of the Contract for all laborers 
and mechanics, including guards and watchmen, working on the Contract. Such 
records shall contain the name and address of each such employee, social 
security number, correct classifications, hourly rates of wages paid, daily 
and weekly number of hours worked, deductions made, and actual wages paid. 
The records to be maintained under this paragraph shall be made available 
by the Contractor or subcontractor for inspection, copying, or 
transcription by authorized representatives of the Department of Energy and 
the Department of Labor, and the Contractor or subcontractor will permit 
such representatives to interview employees during working hours on the 
job.


RECIPIENT FUNCTIONS

(1) This delegation of Department of Energy (DOE) functions to the 
Recipient applies only to DBA effort performed by Subrecipients and 
Contractors under this award. Those functions are not delegated to the 
Recipient for any DBA effort performed by employees of the Recipient under 
this award. On behalf of the Department of Energy (DOE), Recipient shall 
perform the following functions:


(a)        Obtain, maintain, and monitor all DBA certified payroll records 
submitted by the Subrecipients and Contractors at any tier under this 
Award;


(b)        Review all DBA certified payroll records for compliance with DBA 
requirements, including applicable DOL wage determinations;


(c)        Notify DOE of any non-compliance with DBA requirements by 
Subrecipients or Contractors at any tier, including any non-compliances 
identified as the result of reviews performed pursuant to paragraph (b) 
above;


(d)        Address any Subrecipient and any Contractor DBA non-compliance 
issues; if DBA non-compliance issues cannot be resolved in a timely manner, 
forward complaints, summary of investigations and all relevant information 
to DOE;


(e)        Provide DOE with detailed information regarding the resolution 
of any DBA non-compliance issues;


(f)        Perform services in support of DOE investigations of complaints 
filed regarding noncompliance by Subrecipients and Contractors with DBA 
requirements;


(g)        Perform audit services as necessary to ensure compliance by 
Subrecipients and Contractors with DBA requirements and as requested by the 
Contracting Officer; and


(h)        Provide copies of all records upon request by DOE or DOL in a 
timely manner.


(2) All records maintained on behalf of the DOE in accordance with 
paragraph (1) above are federal government (DOE) owned records. DOE or an 
authorized representative shall be granted access to the records at all 
times.


(3)        In the event of, and in response to any Freedom of Information 
Act, 5 U.S.C. 552, requests submitted to DOE, Recipient shall provide such 
records to DOE within 5 business days of receipt of a request from DOE.


NETL SPECIAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS

SUBRECIPIENT/SUBCONTRACT APPROVALS

a.        At Risk Notice: The Recipient must obtain written approval by the 
Contracting Officer for reimbursement of costs associated with 
subrecipient/subcontractors/activities listed in paragraph b. below. No 
funds shall be expended on the subcontracts supporting the tasks identified 
in paragraph b. below unless DOE approval is provided. DOE does not 
guarantee or assume any obligation to reimburse costs incurred by the 
Recipient or subrecipient/subcontractor for these tasks, until approval is 
provided in writing by the Contracting Officer.
 
Page 23 of 24

------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
b.        Contracting Officer approval as set out above is requested for 
the following anticipated subcontractors/consultants:


Competitive selection of the following subcontractors under this agreement. 
The DOE Contracting Officer may require detailed budget information 
concerning these selections prior to providing written approval.
 
   	   	
Subcontractors/Consultants
Description
   	Budget
Period 1
(10/01/2010) 	  	   	Budget
Period 2
(04/01/2012) 	  	   	Budget
Period 3
(10/01/2013) 	  	   	Task(s) 	 
A 	   	Design full-scale process equipment and conduct process modeling 
efforts 	   	$ 	745,000 	   	   	$ 	69,998 	   	   	$ 	115,000 	   	   	  	
2 	  
B 	   	Independent assessment of pilot performance and assessment of 
full-scale design 	   	  	—   	   	   	  	—   	   	   	$ 	411,687 	   	   	
  	7,9 	  
C 	   	Coordinate environmental regulation compliance and permitting 	   	
$ 	50,000 	   	   	  	—   	   	   	  	—   	   	   	  	1 	  
D 	   	Structural Engineering and Foundation Installation 	   	$ 	100,000 	
   	   	$ 	225,000 	   	   	  	—   	   	   	  	3,6 	  
E 	   	Emissions testing and removal performance validation 	   	  	—   	   	
   	  	—   	   	   	$ 	30,000 	   	   	  	7 	  
F 	   	Fabrication and Installation of 1MW pilot at test location 	   	  	
—   	   	   	$ 	3,065,000 	   	   	 	 	 	   	  	5,6 	  
G 	   	Scale up of sorbent production process and sorbent cost reduction 
goals 	   	  	—   	   	   	$ 	1,500,000 	   	   	  	—   	   	   	  	4 	  
H 	   	Design of stream circuitry to interface the plant with the 1MW pilot 	
   	$ 	30,000 	   	   	  	—   	   	   	 	 	 	   	  	3 	  
   	Total Anticipated Costs 	   	$ 	925,000 	   	   	$ 	4,859,998 	   	   	
$ 	556,687 	   	   	 	 	


c.        Upon written approval by the Contracting Officer, the Recipient 
may then receive payment for subcontract efforts with the selected and DOE 
approved subrecipient/subcontractor for allowable costs incurred, or DOE 
will recognize costs incurred toward cost share requirements, if any, in 
accordance with the payment provisions contained in this agreement.


d.        Termination or Suspension: If the above requirement is not fully 
complied with to the satisfaction of the Contracting Officer, the 
Contracting Officer may unilaterally terminate or suspend the activity 
proposed to be undertaken by the subrecipient/subcontractor. The Recipient 
agrees that DOE has the unilateral right to deobligate the amounts 
obligated or to redirect the funding to other efforts. If an effort is 
terminated or suspended, the Recipient shall not be reimbursed for costs 
incurred which were incurred at the Recipient’s risk as described in 
paragraph a. above.


HOST SITE AGREEMENT

Recipient shall provide a copy of the host-site agreement to DOE before any 
work is performed or any costs incurred at the host site location.
 
Page 24 of 24