 EX-10.3 4 ex103formspa.htm FORM OF SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT
EXHIBIT 10.3

SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT
 

 
This Securities Purchase Agreement (this “Agreement”) is dated as of August 
___, 2010 among NYTEX Energy Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the “
Company”), and each purchaser identified on the signature pages hereto 
(each, including its successors and assigns, a “Purchaser” and collectively 
the “Purchasers”).
 
WHEREAS, subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement 
and pursuant to Section 4(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the 
“Securities Act”), and Rule 506 promulgated thereunder, the Company desires 
to issue and sell to each Purchaser, and each Purchaser, severally and not 
jointly, desires to purchase from the Company, securities of the Company as 
more fully described in this Agreement.
 
NOW, THEREFORE, IN CONSIDERATION of the mutual covenants contained in this 
Agreement, and for other good and valuable consideration the receipt and 
adequacy of which are hereby acknowledged, the Company and each Purchaser 
agree as follows:
 
ARTICLE I.
 
DEFINITIONS
 
1.1           Definitions.  In addition to the terms defined elsewhere in 
this Agreement: (a) capitalized terms that are not otherwise defined herein 
have the meanings given to such terms in the Debentures (as defined 
herein), and (b) the following terms have the meanings indicated in this 
Section 1.1:
 
    “Action” shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section
    3.1(j).
 
    “Affiliate” means any Person that, directly or indirectly through one
    or more intermediaries, controls or is controlled by or is under common
    control with a Person, as such terms are used in and construed under
    Rule 144 under the Securities Act.  With respect to a Purchaser, any
    investment fund or managed account that is managed on a discretionary
    basis by the same investment manager as such Purchaser will be deemed
    to be an Affiliate of such Purchaser.
 
    “Closing” means the closing of the purchase and sale of the Units
    pursuant to Section 2.1.
 
    “Closing Date” means the day of Closing which shall occur when all of
    the Transaction Documents have been executed and delivered by the
    applicable parties thereto, and all conditions to Closing specified in
    Section 2.3 have been satisfied or waived.
 
    “Commission” means the Securities and Exchange Commission.
 
    “Common Stock” means the common stock of the Company, par value $.001
    per share, and any other class of securities into which such securities
    may hereafter have been reclassified or changed into.
 


SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT – Page 1

 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

    “Common Stock Equivalents” means any securities of the Company or the
    Subsidiaries which would entitle the holder thereof to acquire at any
    time Common Stock, including, without limitation, any debt, preferred
    stock, rights, options, warrants or other instrument that is at any
    time convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or otherwise
    entitles the holder thereof to receive, Common Stock.
 
    “Conversion Price” shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in the
    Debentures.
 
    “Debentures” means, collectively, the 12% Convertible Debentures due,
    subject to the terms therein, 180 calendar days from their date of
    issuance, issued by the Company to each of the Purchasers hereunder, in
    the form of Exhibit A.
 
    “Debenture Shares” means the shares of Common Stock issuable upon the
    proper conversion of the Debentures.
 
    “Disclosure Schedules” shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in
    Section 3.1.
 
    “Effective Date” means the date that the initial Registration Statement
    filed by the Company pursuant to the Registration Rights Agreement is
    first declared effective by the Commission.
 
    “Exchange Act” means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended,
    and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.
 
    “Exempt Issuance” means the issuance of (a) shares of Common Stock or
    options to employees, officers or directors of the Company pursuant to
    any stock or option plan duly adopted by a majority of the non-employee
    members of the Board of Directors of the Company or a majority of the
    members of a committee of non-employee directors established for such
    purpose, (b) securities upon the exercise or exchange of or conversion
    of any Securities issued hereunder and/or securities exercisable or
    exchangeable for or convertible into shares of Common Stock issued and
    outstanding on the date of this Agreement, provided that such
    securities have not been amended since the date of this Agreement to
    increase the number of such securities or to decrease the exercise,
    exchange or conversion price of any such securities, and (c) securities
    issued or to be issued pursuant to the FDF Acquisition Offering or
    other acquisitions or strategic transactions approved by the board of
    directors, provided any such issuance shall only be to a Person which
    is, itself or through its subsidiaries, an operating company in a
    business synergistic with the business of the Company and in which the
    Company receives benefits in addition to the investment of funds, but
    shall not include a transaction in which the Company is issuing
    securities primarily for the purpose of raising capital or to an entity
    whose primary business is investing in securities.
 
    “FDF Acquisition” means the Company’s acquisition of at least 80% of
    each class of the outstanding equity securities of Francis Drilling
    Fluids, Ltd. on or before December 31, 2010.
 


SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT – Page 2

 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

    “FDF Acquisition Offering” means a separate offering by the Company of
    shares of Common Stock and warrants of the Company for what the Company
    anticipates will be an aggregate consideration of a minimum of
    $15,750,000 to consummate the FDF Acquisition.
 
    “GAAP” shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(h).
 
    “Intellectual Property Rights” shall have the meaning ascribed to such
    term in Section 3.1(o).
 
    “Legend Removal Date” shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in
    Section 4.1(c).
 
    “Liens” means a lien, charge, security interest, encumbrance, and right
    of first refusal, preemptive right or other restriction.
 
    “Material Adverse Effect” shall have the meaning assigned to such term
    in Section 3.1(b).
 
    “Material Permits” shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in
    Section 3.1(m).
 
    “Maximum Rate” shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section
    5.17.
 
    “Person” means an individual or corporation, partnership, trust,
    incorporated or unincorporated association, joint venture, limited
    liability company, joint stock company, government (or an agency or
    subdivision thereof) or other entity of any kind.
 
    “Proceeding” means an action, claim, suit, investigation or proceeding
    (including, without limitation, an investigation or partial proceeding,
    such as a deposition), whether commenced or threatened.
 
    “Purchaser Party” shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in
    Section 4.11.
 
    “Registration Rights Agreement” means the Registration Rights
    Agreement, dated the date hereof, among the Company and the Purchasers,
    in the form of Exhibit B attached hereto.
 
    “Registration Statement” means a registration statement meeting the
    requirements set forth in the Registration Rights Agreement and
    covering the resale of the Underlying Shares by each Purchaser as
    provided for in the Registration Rights Agreement.
 
    “Required Approvals” shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in
    Section 3.1(e).
 
    “Required Minimum” means, as of any date, the maximum aggregate number
    of shares of Common Stock then issued or potentially issuable in the
    future pursuant to the
 


SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT – Page 3

 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

    Transaction Documents, including any Underlying Shares issuable upon
    exercise or conversion in full of all Warrants and Debentures, ignoring
    any conversion or exercise limits set forth therein, and assuming that
    the Conversion Price is at all times on and after the date of
    determination 75% of the then Conversion Price.
 
    “Rule 144” means Rule 144 promulgated by the Commission pursuant to the
    Securities Act, as such Rule may be amended from time to time, or any
    similar rule or regulation hereafter adopted by the Commission having
    substantially the same effect as such Rule.
 
    “SEC Reports” shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section
    3.1(h).
 
    “Securities” shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section
    4.1(a).
 
    “Securities Act” means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.
 
    “Short Sales” shall include all “short sales” as defined in Rule 200 of
    Regulation SHO under the Exchange Act (but shall not be deemed to
    include the location and/or reservation of borrowable shares of Common
    Stock).
 
    “Subscription Amount” means, as to each Purchaser, the aggregate amount
    to be paid for its Unit(s) purchased hereunder as specified below such
    Purchaser’s name on the signature page of this Agreement and next to
    the heading “Subscription Amount”, in United States Dollars and in
    immediately available funds.
 
    “Subsidiary” means any subsidiary of the Company as set forth on 
    Schedule 3.1(a).
 
    “Trading Day” means a day on which the following markets or exchanges
    are open for trading securities: Nasdaq Capital Market, the American
    Stock Exchange, the New York Stock Exchange or the Nasdaq Global
    Market.
 
    “Trading Market” means the following markets or exchanges on which the
    Common Stock is listed or quoted for trading on the date in question:
    the Nasdaq Capital Market, the American Stock Exchange, the New York
    Stock Exchange or the Nasdaq Global Market.
 
    “Transaction Documents” means this Agreement, the Debentures, the
    Warrants, the Registration Rights Agreement, and any other documents or
    agreements executed in connection with the transactions contemplated
    hereunder.
 
    “Underlying Shares” means the Debenture Shares and the Warrant Shares,
    collectively.
 
    “Unit” means the increments of securities sold by the Company pursuant
    to this Agreement for $100,000 each which consist of (a) a $100,000
    Debenture and (b) a Warrant to purchase 20,000 shares of Common Stock
    for $2.00 per share, subject to the adjustments described in the
    Warrants.
 


SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT – Page 4

 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

    “Warrants” means collectively the Common Stock purchase warrants, in
    the form of Exhibit C delivered to the Purchasers at the Closing in
    accordance with Section 2.2(a) hereof, which Warrants shall be
    exercisable immediately and have a term of exercise equal to three (3)
    years.
 
    “Warrant Shares” means the shares of Common Stock issuable upon proper
    exercise of the Warrants.
 
ARTICLE II.
 
PURCHASE AND SALE
 
2.1           Closing.  On the Closing Date, upon the terms and subject to 
the conditions set forth herein, concurrent with the execution and delivery 
of this Agreement by the parties hereto, the Company agrees to sell, and 
each Purchaser agrees to purchase the number of Units specified on such 
Purchaser’s signature page hereto for $100,000 per Unit.  The maximum 
amount of Units available for sale under this Agreement is 15 Units for an 
aggregate consideration of $1,500,000.  The Company shall determine if and 
when Closing shall occur and the final number of Units (up to 15) to be 
sold and purchased at the Closing.  Each Purchaser shall deliver to the 
Company via wire transfer or a certified check evidencing immediately 
available funds equal to their Subscription Amount, and the Company shall 
deliver to each Purchaser its respective Debenture and Warrant and the 
other items set forth in Section 2.2 issuable at the Closing.  Upon 
satisfaction of the conditions set forth in Sections 2.2 and 2.3, the 
Closing shall occur at the offices of the Company or electronically, or 
such other location as the Company specifies.
 
2.2           Deliveries.
 
    (a)           On the Closing Date, the Company shall deliver or cause
    to be delivered to each Purchaser the following:
 
       (i)           this Agreement duly executed by the Company, along
       with the Disclosure Schedules;
 
       (ii)           a Debenture with a principal amount equal to such
       Purchaser’s Subscription Amount, registered in the name of such
       Purchaser in the name requested by such Purchaser;
 
       (iii)           for each Unit purchased by Purchaser, a Warrant
       registered in the name of such Purchaser to purchase 20,000 of
       shares of Common Stock, with an exercise price equal to $2.00,
       subject to the adjustments described in the Warrant; and
 
       (iv)           the Registration Rights Agreement duly executed by
       the Company.
 
    (b)           On the Closing Date, each Purchaser shall deliver or
    cause to be delivered to the Company (except as noted) the following:
 
       (i)           this Agreement duly executed by such Purchaser;
 


SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT – Page 5

 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

       (ii)           such Purchaser’s Subscription Amount by wire transfer
       or certified check evidencing immediately available funds; and
 
       (iii)           the Registration Rights Agreement duly executed by
       such Purchaser.
 
2.3           Closing Conditions.
 
    (a)           The obligations of the Company hereunder in connection
    with the Closing are subject to the following conditions being met:
 
       (i)           the accuracy in all material respects when made and on
       the Closing Date of the representations and warranties of the
       Purchasers contained herein;
 
       (ii)           all obligations, covenants and agreements of the
       Purchasers required to be performed at or prior to the Closing Date
       shall have been performed; and
 
       (iii)           the delivery by the Purchasers of the items set
       forth in Section 2.2(b) of this Agreement.
 
    (b)           The respective obligations of the Purchasers hereunder in
    connection with the Closing are subject to the following conditions
    being met:
 
       (i)           the accuracy in all material respects on the Closing
       Date of the representations and warranties of the Company contained
       herein;
 
       (ii)           all obligations, covenants and agreements of the
       Company required to be performed at or prior to the Closing Date
       shall have been performed; and
 
       (iii)           the delivery by the Company of the items set forth
       in Section 2.2(a) of this Agreement.
 
ARTICLE III.
 
REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES
 
3.1           Representations and Warranties of the Company.  Except as set 
forth under the corresponding section of the disclosure schedules delivered 
to the Purchasers concurrently herewith (the “Disclosure Schedules”) which 
Disclosure Schedules shall be deemed a part hereof, the Company hereby 
makes the representations and warranties set forth below to each Purchaser.
 
    (a)           Subsidiaries.  All of the direct and indirect
    subsidiaries of the Company are set forth on Schedule 3.1(a).  The
    Company owns, directly or indirectly, the amount of capital stock or
    other equity interests listed on Schedule 3.1(a) of each Subsidiary
    free and clear of any Liens, and all the issued and outstanding shares
    of capital stock of each Subsidiary held by the Company are validly
    issued and are fully paid and non-assessable.
 


SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT – Page 6

 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

    (b)           Organization and Qualification.  The Company is an entity
    duly incorporated or otherwise organized, validly existing and in good
    standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or
    organization (as applicable), with the requisite power and authority to
    own and use its properties and assets and to carry on its business as
    currently conducted.  The Company is not in violation or default of any
    of the provisions of its certificate or articles of incorporation,
    bylaws or other organizational or charter documents.  The Company is
    duly qualified to conduct business and is in good standing as a foreign
    corporation or other entity in each jurisdiction in which the nature of
    the business conducted or property owned by it makes such qualification
    necessary, except where the failure to be so qualified or in good
    standing, as the case may be, could not have or reasonably be expected
    to result in (i) a material adverse effect on the legality, validity or
    enforceability of any Transaction Document, (ii) a material adverse
    effect on the results of operations, assets, business, prospects or
    condition (financial or otherwise) of the Company, or (iii) a material
    adverse effect on the Company’s ability to perform in any material
    respect on a timely basis its obligations under any Transaction
    Document (any of (i), (ii) or (iii) (a “Material Adverse Effect”), and
    the Company has no knowledge that any Proceeding has been instituted in
    any such jurisdiction revoking, limiting or curtailing or seeking to
    revoke, limit or curtail such power and authority or qualification.
 
    (c)           Authorization; Enforcement.  The Company has the
    requisite corporate power and authority to enter into and to consummate
    the transactions contemplated by each of the Transaction Documents and
    otherwise to carry out its obligations hereunder and thereunder.  The
    execution and delivery of each of the Transaction Documents by the
    Company and the consummation by it of the transactions contemplated
    thereby have been duly authorized by all necessary action on the part
    of the Company and no further action is required by the Company, its
    board of directors or its stockholders in connection therewith other
    than in connection with the Required Approvals.  Each Transaction
    Document has been (or upon delivery will have been) duly executed by
    the Company and, when delivered in accordance with the terms hereof and
    thereof, will constitute the valid and binding obligation of the
    Company enforceable against the Company in accordance with its terms
    except (i) as limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency,
    reorganization, moratorium and other laws of general application
    affecting enforcement of creditors’ rights generally and (ii) as
    limited by laws relating to the availability of specific performance,
    injunctive relief or other equitable remedies.
 
    (d)           No Conflicts.  The execution, delivery and performance of
    the Transaction Documents by the Company and the consummation by the
    Company of the other transactions contemplated hereby and thereby do
    not and will not: (i) conflict with or violate any provision of the
    Company’s certificate or articles of incorporation, bylaws or other
    organizational or charter documents, or (ii) conflict with, or
    constitute a default (or an event that with notice or lapse of time or
    both would become a default) under, result in the creation of any Lien
    upon any of the properties or assets of the Company, or give to others
    any rights of termination, amendment, acceleration or cancellation
    (with or without notice, lapse of time or both) of, any agreement,
    credit facility, debt or other instrument (evidencing a Company debt or
    otherwise) to which the Company is a party or
 


SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT – Page 7

 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

    by which any property or asset of the Company is bound or affected, or
    (iii) subject to the Required Approvals, to the Company’s knowledge,
    conflict with or result in a violation of any law, rule, regulation,
    order, judgment, injunction, decree or other restriction of any court
    or governmental authority to which the Company is subject (including
    federal and state securities laws and regulations); except in the case
    of each of clauses (ii) and (iii), such as could not have or reasonably
    be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.
 
    (e)           Filings, Consents and Approvals.  The Company is not
    required to obtain any consent, waiver, authorization or order of, give
    any notice to, or make any filing or registration with, any court or
    other federal, state, local or other governmental authority or other
    Person in connection with the execution, delivery and performance by
    the Company of the Transaction Documents, other than (i) filings
    described in Section 4.6, (ii) the filing with the Commission of the
    Registration Statement, (iii) the notice and/or application(s) to each
    applicable Trading Market, if any, for the issuance and sale of the
    Debentures and Warrants, and (iv) the filing of Form D with the
    Commission and such filings as are required to be made under applicable
    state securities laws (collectively, the “Required Approvals”).
 
    (f)           Issuance of the Securities.  The Underlying Shares, when
    issued in accordance with the terms of the Transaction Documents, will
    be validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable, free and clear of all
    Liens imposed by the Company.  The Company has reserved from its duly
    authorized capital stock a number of shares of Common Stock for
    issuance of the Underlying Shares at least equal to 200 % of the
    Required Minimum on the date hereof.
 
    (g)           Capitalization.  The capitalization of the Company is as
    set forth on Schedule 3.1(g).  No Person has any right of first
    refusal, preemptive right, right of participation, or any similar right
    to participate in the transactions contemplated by the Transaction
    Documents.  Except as a result of the purchase and sale of the Units
    and as set forth on Schedule 3.1(g), there are no outstanding options,
    warrants, script rights to subscribe to, calls or commitments of any
    character whatsoever relating to, or securities, rights or obligations
    convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or giving any
    Person any right to subscribe for or acquire, any shares of Common
    Stock, or contracts, commitments, understandings or arrangements by
    which the Company or any Subsidiary is or may become bound to issue
    additional shares of Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents.  The
    issuance and sale of the Debentures and Warrants will not obligate the
    Company to issue shares of Common Stock or other securities to any
    Person (other than the Purchasers) and will not result in a right of
    any holder of Company securities to adjust the exercise, conversion,
    exchange or reset price under such securities.  All of the outstanding
    shares of capital stock of the Company are validly issued, fully paid
    and nonassessable, have been issued in compliance with all federal and
    state securities laws, and none of such outstanding shares was issued
    in violation of any preemptive rights or similar rights to subscribe
    for or purchase securities.  No further approval or authorization of
    any stockholder, the Board of Directors of the Company or others is
    required for the issuance and sale of the Debentures and Warrants. 
    There are no stockholders agreements, voting agreements or other
    similar agreements with respect to the
 


SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT – Page 8

 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

    Company’s capital stock to which the Company is a party or, to the
    knowledge of the Company, between or among any of the Company’s
    stockholders.
 
    (h)           Material Changes.  Since December 31, 2009, except as 
    specifically disclosed in the Company’s SEC reports, or set forth on 
    Schedule 3.1(h), (i) there has been no event, occurrence or development
    that has had or that could reasonably be expected to result in a
    Material Adverse Effect, (ii) the Company has not altered its method of
    accounting, and (iii) the Company has not declared or made any dividend
    or distribution of cash or other property to its stockholders or
    purchased, redeemed or made any agreements to purchase or redeem any
    shares of its capital stock.  Except for the issuance of the Debentures
    and Warrants contemplated by this Agreement or as set forth on 
    Schedule 3.1(h), no event, liability or development has occurred or
    exists with respect to the Company or its Subsidiaries or their
    respective business, properties, operations or financial condition,
    that would be required to be disclosed by the Company under applicable
    securities laws at the time this representation is made that has not
    been publicly disclosed one (1) Trading Day prior to the date that this
    representation is made.
 
    (i)           Litigation.  There is no action, suit, inquiry, notice of
    violation, proceeding or investigation pending or, to the knowledge of
    the Company, threatened against or affecting the Company before or by
    any court, arbitrator, governmental or administrative agency or
    regulatory authority (federal, state, county, local or foreign)
    (collectively, an “Action”) which (i) adversely affects or challenges
    the legality, validity or enforceability of any of the Transaction
    Documents or the Securities or (ii) could, if there were an unfavorable
    decision, have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material
    Adverse Effect.  Neither the Company nor any director or officer
    thereof, is or has been the subject of any Action involving a claim of
    violation of or liability under federal or state securities laws or a
    claim of breach of fiduciary duty.  There has not been, and to the
    knowledge of the Company, there is not pending or contemplated, any 
    investigation by the Commission involving the Company or any current or
    former director or officer of the Company.  The Commission has not
    issued any stop order or other order suspending the effectiveness of
    any registration statement filed by the Company under the Exchange Act
    or the Securities Act.  No executive officer, to the knowledge of the
    Company, is, or is now expected to be, in violation of any material
    term of any employment contract, confidentiality, disclosure or
    proprietary information agreement or non-competition agreement, or any
    other contract or agreement or any restrictive covenant, and the
    continued employment of each such executive officer does not subject
    the Company to any liability with respect to any of the foregoing
    matters.  To the Company’s knowledge, the Company is in material
    compliance with all U.S. federal, state, local and foreign laws and
    regulations relating to employment and employment practices, terms and
    conditions of employment and wages and hours, except where the failure
    to be in compliance could not, individually or in the aggregate,
    reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.
 
    (j)           Labor Relations.  No material labor dispute exists or, to
    the knowledge of the Company, is imminent with respect to any of the
    employees of the Company which could reasonably be expected to result
    in a Material Adverse Effect.
 


SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT – Page 9

 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

    (k)           Compliance.  The Company (i) is not in default under or
    in violation of (and no event has occurred that has not been waived
    that, with notice or lapse of time or both, would result in a default
    by the Company under), nor has the Company received notice of a claim
    that it is in default under or that it is in violation of, any
    indenture, loan or credit agreement or any other agreement or
    instrument to which it is a party (whether or not such default or
    violation has been waived), or (ii) is in violation of any order of any
    court, arbitrator or governmental body, except in each case as could
    not have a Material Adverse Effect.
 
    (l)           Regulatory Permits.  The Company possesses all
    certificates, authorizations and permits issued by the appropriate
    federal, state, local or foreign regulatory authorities necessary to
    conduct its business, except where the failure to possess such permits
    could not have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material
    Adverse Effect (“Material Permits”), and the Company has not received
    any notice of proceedings relating to the revocation or modification of
    any Material Permit.
 
    (m)           Title to Assets.  The Company has good and marketable
    title in fee simple to all real property owned by them that is material
    to the business of the Company and good and marketable title in all
    personal property owned by it that is material to the business of the
    Company, in each case free and clear of all Liens except for Liens set
    forth on Schedule 3.1(a) and Liens for the payment of federal, state or
    other taxes, the payment of which is neither delinquent nor subject to
    penalties.  Any real property and facilities held under lease by the
    Company is held under valid, subsisting and enforceable leases of which
    the Company is in compliance.
 
    (n)           Patents and Trademarks.  The Company has, or has rights
    to use, all patents, patent applications, trademarks, trademark
    applications, service marks, trade names, trade secrets, inventions,
    copyrights, licenses and other intellectual property rights similar
    rights necessary or material for use in connection with its business
    and which the failure to so have could have a Material Adverse Effect
    (collectively, the “Intellectual Property Rights”).
 
    (o)           Insurance.  The Company is insured by insurers of
    recognized financial responsibility against such losses and risks and
    in such amounts as are prudent and customary in the businesses in which
    the Company and the Subsidiaries are engaged.
 
    (p)           Transactions With Affiliates and Employees.  Except as
    set forth in Schedule 3.1(p), none of the officers or directors of the
    Company and, to the knowledge of the Company, none of the employees of
    the Company is presently a party to any transaction with the Company
    (other than for services as employees, officers and directors),
    including any contract, agreement or other arrangement providing for
    the furnishing of services to or by, providing for rental of real or
    personal property to or from, or otherwise requiring payments to or
    from any officer, director or such employee or, to the knowledge of the
    Company, any entity in which any officer, director, or any such
    employee has a substantial interest or is an officer, director, trustee
    or partner, in each case in excess of $100,000 other than (i) for
    payment of salary or consulting fees for services rendered, (ii)
    reimbursement for expenses incurred on behalf of the Company
 


SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT – Page 10

 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

    and (iii) for other employee benefits, including stock option
    agreements under any stock option plan of the Company.
 
    (q)           Certain Fees.  No brokerage or finder’s fees or
    commissions are or will be payable by the Company to any broker,
    financial advisor or consultant, finder, placement agent, investment
    banker, bank or other Person with respect to the transactions
    contemplated by the Transaction Documents.  The Purchasers shall have
    no obligation with respect to any fees or with respect to any claims
    made by or on behalf of other Persons for fees of a type contemplated
    in this Section that may be due in connection with the transactions
    contemplated by the Transaction Documents.
 
    (r)           Private Placement.  Assuming the accuracy of the
    Purchasers representations and warranties set forth in Section 3.2, no
    registration under the Securities Act is required for the offer and
    sale of the Units by the Company to the Purchasers as contemplated
    hereby.
 
    (s)           Investment Company.  The Company is not, and is not an
    Affiliate of, and immediately after receipt of payment for the Units,
    will not be or be an Affiliate of, an “investment company” within the
    meaning of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended.  The Company
    shall conduct its business in a manner so that it will not become
    subject to the Investment Company Act.
 
    (t)           Registration Rights.  Other than each of the Purchasers
    and any allowed assigns, no Person has any right to cause the Company
    to effect the registration under the Securities Act of any securities
    of the Company.]
 
    (u)           No Integrated Offering. Assuming the accuracy of the
    Purchasers’ representations and warranties set forth in Section 3.2,
    neither the Company, nor any of its affiliates, nor any Person acting
    on its or their behalf has, directly or indirectly, made any offers or
    sales of any security or solicited any offers to buy any security,
    under circumstances that would cause this offering of the Units to be
    integrated with prior offerings by the Company for purposes of the
    Securities Act or any applicable shareholder approval provisions.
 
    (v)           Tax Status.  Except for matters that would not,
    individually or in the aggregate, have or reasonably be expected to
    result in a Material Adverse Effect, the Company has filed all
    necessary federal, state and foreign income and franchise tax returns
    and has paid or accrued all taxes shown as due thereon, and the Company
    has no knowledge of a tax deficiency which has been asserted or
    threatened against the Company.
 
    (w)           No General Solicitation.  Neither the Company nor any
    person acting on behalf of the Company has offered or sold any of the
    Units by any form of general solicitation or general advertising.  The
    Company has offered the Units for sale only to the Purchasers and
    certain other “accredited investors” within the meaning of Rule 501
    under the Securities Act.
 


SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT – Page 11

 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

    (x)           Foreign Corrupt Practices.  Neither the Company, nor to
    the knowledge of the Company, any agent or other person acting on
    behalf of the Company, has (i) directly or indirectly, used any funds
    for unlawful contributions, gifts, entertainment or other unlawful
    expenses related to foreign or domestic political activity, (ii) made
    any unlawful payment to foreign or domestic government officials or
    employees or to any foreign or domestic political parties or campaigns
    from corporate funds, (iii) failed to disclose fully any contribution
    made by the Company (or made by any person acting on its behalf of
    which the Company is aware) which is in violation of law, or (iv)
    violated in any material respect any provision of the Foreign Corrupt
    Practices Act of 1977, as amended.
 
    (y)           Accountants. The Company’s principal independent public
    accountants are Whitley Penn, LLP.  To the knowledge of the Company,
    such accountants, who the Company expects will express their opinion
    with respect to the financial statements to be included in the
    Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31,
    2010 are a registered public accounting firm as required by the
    Securities Act.
 
    (z)           Seniority.  As of the Closing Date, no indebtedness or
    other equity of the Company is senior to the Debentures in right of
    payment, whether with respect to interest or upon liquidation or
    dissolution, or otherwise, other than indebtedness secured by purchase
    money security interests (which is senior only as to underlying assets
    covered thereby) and capital lease obligations (which is senior only as
    to the property covered thereby).
 
3.2           Representations and Warranties of the Purchasers.  Each 
Purchaser hereby, for itself and for no other Purchaser, represents and 
warrants as of the date hereof and as of the Closing Date to the Company as 
follows:
 
    (a)           Organization; Authority.  If Purchaser is an entity, (i)
    such Purchaser is an entity duly organized, validly existing and in
    good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its organization
    with full right, corporate or organizational power and authority to
    enter into and to consummate the transactions contemplated by the
    Transaction Documents and otherwise to carry out its obligations
    hereunder and thereunder, and (ii) the execution, delivery and
    performance by such Purchaser of the transactions contemplated by this
    Agreement have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate or
    similar action on the part of such Purchaser.  Each Transaction
    Document to which it is a party has been duly executed by such
    Purchaser, and when delivered by such Purchaser in accordance with the
    terms hereof, will constitute the valid and legally binding obligation
    of such Purchaser, enforceable against it in accordance with its terms,
    except (A) as limited by general equitable principles and applicable
    bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium and other laws of
    general application affecting enforcement of creditors’ rights
    generally, (B) as limited by laws relating to the availability of
    specific performance, injunctive relief or other equitable remedies and
    (C) insofar as indemnification and contribution provisions may be
    limited by applicable law.
 


SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT – Page 12

 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

    (b)           Own Account.  Such Purchaser understands that the Units,
    Debentures, Warrants and Underlying Shares are “restricted securities”
    and have not been registered under the Securities Act or any applicable
    state securities law and is acquiring the Units as principal for its
    own account and not with a view to or for distributing or reselling
    such securities or any part thereof in violation of the Securities Act
    or any applicable state securities law, has no present intention of
    distributing any of such securities in violation of the Securities Act
    or any applicable state securities law and has no arrangement or
    understanding with any other persons regarding the distribution of such
    securities (this representation and warranty not limiting such
    Purchaser’s right to sell the securities pursuant to the Registration
    Statement or otherwise in compliance with applicable federal and state
    securities laws) in violation of the Securities Act or any applicable
    state securities law.  Such Purchaser is acquiring the securities
    hereunder in the ordinary course of its business.  Such Purchaser does
    not have any agreement or understanding, directly or indirectly, with
    any Person to distribute any of the securities.
 
    (c)           Purchaser Status.  At the time such Purchaser was offered
    the Units, it was, and at the date hereof it is, and on each date on
    which it exercises any Warrants or converts any Debentures it will be
    either: (i) an “accredited investor” as defined in Rule 501(a)(1),
    (a)(2), (a)(3), (a)(7) or (a)(8) under the Securities Act or (ii) a
    “qualified institutional buyer” as defined in Rule 144A(a) under the
    Securities Act.  Such Purchaser is not required to be registered as a
    broker-dealer under Section 15 of the Exchange Act.
 
    (d)           Experience of Such Purchaser.  Such Purchaser, either
    alone or together with its representatives, has such knowledge,
    sophistication and experience in business and financial matters so as
    to be capable of evaluating the merits and risks of the prospective
    investment in the Units, or has so evaluated the merits and risks of
    such investment.  Such Purchaser is able to bear the economic risk of
    an investment in the Units and, at the present time, is able to afford
    a complete loss of such investment.
 
    (e)           General Solicitation.  Such Purchaser is not purchasing
    the Units as a result of any advertisement, article, notice or other
    communication regarding the Securities published in any newspaper,
    magazine or similar media or broadcast over television or radio or
    presented at any seminar or any other general solicitation or general
    advertisement.
 
    (f)           Short Sales and Confidentiality Prior To The Date Hereof
    .  Other than the transaction contemplated hereunder, such Purchaser
    has not directly or indirectly, nor has any Person acting on behalf of
    or pursuant to any understanding with such Purchaser, executed any
    disposition, including Short Sales, in the securities of the Company
    during the period commencing from the time that such Purchaser first
    received a term sheet from the Company or any other Person setting
    forth the material terms of the transactions contemplated hereunder
    until the date hereof (“Discussion Time”).  Notwithstanding the
    foregoing, in the case of a Purchaser that is a multi-managed
    investment vehicle whereby separate portfolio managers manage separate
    portions of such Purchaser’s assets and the portfolio managers have no
    direct knowledge of the investment decisions made by the portfolio
    managers managing other portions of such Purchaser’s assets, the
    representation set forth above shall only apply with respect to the
    portion of assets managed by the
 


SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT – Page 13

 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

    portfolio manager that made the investment decision to purchase the
    Securities covered by this Agreement.  Other than to other Persons
    party to this Agreement, such Purchaser has maintained the
    confidentiality of all disclosures made to it in connection with this
    transaction (including the existence and terms of this transaction).
 
    (g)           FDF Acquisition.  Purchaser acknowledges and agrees that
    it understands that (i) the Company presently intends to pursue and
    consummate the FDF Acquisition, (ii) the Company intends to hold and
    complete the FDF Acquisition Offering, and (iii) as a result of the FDF
    Acquisition Offering and any Exempt Issuances, that such Purchaser’s
    relative ownership interest in the Company can and likely will be
    diluted.  Purchaser also understands that the FDF Acquisition may or
    may not be completed, and, if completed, there is no assurance that the
    FDF Acquisition will not have a negative impact on the Company and its
    operations.
 
    (h)           Price of Units; Lack of Trading Market.  Purchaser
    acknowledges and agrees that Purchaser understands that:
 
       (i)           the price of Units has been determined by the Company
       in its sole discretion and bears no relationship to any generally
       recognized criteria of value, such as assets, earnings, or book
       value;
 
       (ii)           the fair market value of the Units may be less than
       the offering price of the Units paid by Purchaser;
 
       (iii)           even if this Offering is fully subscribed and the
       Company sells all the Units, the Company intends to hold the FDF
       Acquisition Offering and will also likely require additional future
       financings over the next several years.  There can be no assurances
       that such financings will ever be completed, and, if completed, such
       financings could involve a dilution of the interests of Purchaser
       and the other stockholders of the Company upon the issuance of
       additional shares of Common Stock or other securities; and
 
       (iv)           there is not currently a trading market for the Units
       or the Securities and if a trading market develops, the trading
       price of the Common Stock may be subject to significant price
       fluctuations in response to a variety of factors and could be deemed
       to have little or no value.
 
    (i)           Receipt of Information.  Purchaser has had an opportunity
    to review the Company’s filings under the Securities Exchange Act of
    1934 (including risks factors set forth therein).  Purchaser has been
    advised that on August 12, 2010, the Company filed with the Securities
    and Exchange Commission ("SEC") Amendment No. 3 to its Registration
    Statement on Form 10 (the "Form 10").  Purchaser further understands
    that (a) the SEC is currently reviewing the Form 10, (b) the Company
    may receive additional comments from the SEC regarding the disclosures
    contained in the Form 10 and in the accompanying financial statements,
    (c) the Company may make further revisions to the Form 10 and (d) any
    additional revisions or additional comments by the SEC to the Form 10
    or any amendment thereto may be material. The Purchaser has received
    all such
 


SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT – Page 14

 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

    information that Purchaser deems necessary and appropriate to enable
    Purchaser to evaluate the financial risk inherent in making an
    investment in the Units.  Purchaser has received satisfactory and
    complete information concerning the business and financial condition of
    the Company in response to Purchaser’s inquiries.  Purchaser has
    received and reviewed the Supplement to Convertible Debenture Offering
    Documents dated August 12, 2010 (the “Supplement”).  Purchaser
    represents that the decision to invest in the Units is being made on
    the basis of information set forth in the most recent Form 10 and the
    Supplement, as referenced herein, and that any earlier drafts of such
    have not been relied upon.
 
ARTICLE IV.
 
OTHER AGREEMENTS OF THE PARTIES
 
4.1           Transfer Restrictions.
 
    (a)           The Units, Debentures, Warrants and Underlying Shares
    (collectively, the “Securities”) may only be disposed of in compliance
    with state and federal securities laws.  In connection with any
    transfer of Securities other than pursuant to an effective registration
    statement or Rule 144, to the Company or to an affiliate of a Purchaser
    or in connection with a pledge as contemplated in Section 4.1(b), the
    Company may require the transferor thereof to provide to the Company an
    opinion of counsel selected by the transferor and reasonably acceptable
    to the Company, the form and substance of which opinion shall be
    reasonably satisfactory to the Company, to the effect that such
    transfer does not require registration of such transferred Securities
    under the Securities Act.  As a condition of transfer, any such
    transferee shall agree in writing to be bound by the terms of this
    Agreement and shall have the rights of a Purchaser under this Agreement
    and the Registration Rights Agreement.
 
    (b)           The Purchasers agree to the imprinting, so long as is
    required by this Section 4.1(b), of a legend on any of the Securities
    in substantially the following forms, as applicable:
 
       (i)           For Warrants:
 
       THIS WARRANT AND THE WARRANT SHARES HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER
       THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE “ACT”), OR ANY
       APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS.  THIS WARRANT AND THE COMMON
       SHARES ISSUABLE UPON EXERCISE OF THIS WARRANT MAY NOT BE SOLD,
       OFFERED FOR SALE, PLEDGED OR HYPOTHECATED IN THE ABSENCE OF AN
       EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT AS TO THIS WARRANT OR THE WARRANT
       SHARES UNDER SAID ACT AND APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS OR AN
       OPINION OF COUNSEL REASONABLY SATISFACTORY TO NYTEX ENERGY HOLDINGS,
       INC. THAT SUCH REGISTRATION IS NOT REQUIRED.
 


SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT – Page 15

 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

       (ii)           For Debentures:
 
       THIS DEBENTURE AND THE SHARES OF COMMON STOCK ISSUABLE UPON
       CONVERSION OF THIS DEBENTURE (THE “SHARES”) HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED
       UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE “ACT”), OR ANY
       APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS.  THIS DEBENTURE AND THE COMMON
       STOCK ISSUABLE UPON CONVERSION OF THIS DEBENTURE MAY NOT BE SOLD,
       OFFERED FOR SALE, PLEDGED OR HYPOTHECATED IN THE ABSENCE OF AN
       EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT AS TO THIS DEBENTURE OR THE SHARES
       UNDER SAID ACT AND APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS OR AN OPINION OF
       COUNSEL REASONABLY SATISFACTORY TO NYTEX ENERGY HOLDINGS, INC. THAT
       SUCH REGISTRATION IS NOT REQUIRED.
 
       (iii)           For Underlying Shares, the legend customarily placed
       on shares of similar types and restrictions by the Company.
 
    The Company acknowledges and agrees that a Purchaser may from time to
    time pledge pursuant to a bona fide margin agreement with a registered
    broker-dealer or grant a security interest in some or all of the
    Securities to a financial institution that is an “accredited investor”
    as defined in Rule 501(a) under the Securities Act and who agrees to be
    bound by the provisions of this Agreement and the Registration Rights
    Agreement and, if required under the terms of such arrangement, such
    Purchaser may transfer pledged or secured Securities to the pledgees or
    secured parties.  Such a pledge or transfer would not be subject to
    approval of the Company and no legal opinion of legal counsel of the
    pledgee, secured party or pledgor shall be required in connection
    therewith.  Further, no notice shall be required of such pledge.  At
    the appropriate Purchaser’s expense, the Company will execute and
    deliver such reasonable documentation as a pledgee or secured party of
    Securities may reasonably request in connection with a pledge or
    transfer of the Securities, including, if the Securities are subject to
    registration pursuant to the Registration Rights Agreement, the
    preparation and filing of any required prospectus supplement under Rule
    424(b)(3) under the Securities Act or other applicable provision of the
    Securities Act to appropriately amend the list of Selling Stockholders
    thereunder.
 
    (c)           Certificates evidencing the Underlying Shares shall not
    contain any legend (including the legend set forth in Section 4.1(b)
    hereof): (i) while a registration statement (including the Registration
    Statement) covering the resale of such security is effective under the
    Securities Act, or (ii) following any sale of such Underlying Shares
    pursuant to Rule 144, or (iii) if such Underlying Shares are eligible
    for sale under Rule 144(k), or (iv) if such legend is not required
    under applicable requirements of the Securities Act (including judicial
    interpretations and pronouncements issued by the staff of the
    Commission).  The Company shall cause its counsel to issue a legal
    opinion to the Company’s transfer agent promptly after the Effective
    Date if required by the Company’s transfer agent to effect the removal
    of the legend hereunder.  If all or any portion of a
 


SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT – Page 16

 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

    Debenture or Warrant is converted or exercised (as applicable) at a
    time when there is an effective registration statement to cover the
    resale of the Underlying Shares, or if such Underlying Shares may be
    sold under Rule 144(k) or if such legend is not otherwise required
    under applicable requirements of the Securities Act (including judicial
    interpretations thereof) then such Underlying Shares shall be issued
    free of all legends.  The Company agrees that following the Effective
    Date or at such time as such legend is no longer required under this
    Section 4.1(c), it will, no later than five (5) Trading Days following
    the delivery by a Purchaser to the Company or the Company’s transfer
    agent of a certificate representing Underlying Shares issued with a
    restrictive legend (such third Trading Day, the “Legend Removal Date
    ”), deliver or cause to be delivered to such Purchaser a certificate
    representing such shares that is free from all restrictive and other
    legends.  The Company may not make any notation on its records or give
    instructions to any transfer agent of the Company that enlarge the
    restrictions on transfer set forth in this Section.  Certificates for
    Underlying Shares subject to legend removal hereunder shall be
    transmitted by the transfer agent of the Company to the Purchasers by
    crediting the account of the Purchaser’s prime broker with the
    Depository Trust Company System.
 
    (d)           Each Purchaser agrees that the removal of the restrictive
    legend from certificates representing Underlying Shares as set forth in
    this Section 4.1 is predicated upon the Company’s reliance that the
    Purchaser will sell any Underlying Shares pursuant to either the
    registration requirements of the Securities Act, including any
    applicable prospectus delivery requirements, or an exemption therefrom.
 
4.2           Acknowledgment of Dilution.  The Company acknowledges that 
the issuance of the Units may result in dilution of the outstanding shares 
of Common Stock, which dilution may be substantial under certain market 
conditions.  The Company further acknowledges that its obligations under 
the Transaction Documents, including without limitation its obligation to 
issue the Underlying Shares pursuant to the Transaction Documents, are 
unconditional and absolute and not subject to any right of set off, 
counterclaim, delay or reduction, regardless of the effect of any such 
dilution or any claim the Company may have against any Purchaser and 
regardless of the dilutive effect that such issuance may have on the 
ownership of the other stockholders of the Company.
 
4.3           Furnishing of Information.  As long as any Purchaser owns 
Securities, the Company covenants to timely file (or obtain extensions in 
respect thereof and file within the applicable grace period) all reports 
required to be filed by the Company after the date hereof pursuant to the 
Exchange Act.  As long as any Purchaser owns Securities, if the Company is 
not required to file reports pursuant to the Exchange Act, it will prepare 
and furnish to the Purchasers and make publicly available in accordance 
with Rule 144(c) such information as is required for the Purchasers to sell 
the Securities under Rule 144.  The Company further covenants that it will 
take such further action as any holder of Securities may reasonably 
request, all to the extent required from time to time to enable such Person 
to sell such Securities without registration under the Securities Act 
within the limitation of the exemptions provided by Rule 144.
 
4.4           Integration.  The Company shall not sell, offer for sale or 
solicit offers to buy or otherwise negotiate in respect of any security (as 
defined in Section 2 of the Securities Act) that
 


SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT – Page 17

 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

would be integrated with the offer or sale of the Securities in a manner 
that would require the registration under the Securities Act of the sale of 
the Securities to the Purchasers or that would be integrated with the offer 
or sale of the Securities for purposes of the rules and regulations of any 
Trading Market.
 
4.5           Conversion and Exercise Procedures.  The form of Notice of 
Exercise included in the Warrants and the form of Notice of Conversion 
included in the Debentures set forth the totality of the procedures 
required of the Purchasers in order to exercise the Warrants or convert the 
Debentures.  No additional legal opinion or other information or 
instructions shall be required of the Purchasers to exercise their Warrants 
or convert their Debentures.  The Company shall honor exercises of the 
Warrants and conversions of the Debentures and shall deliver Underlying 
Shares in accordance with the terms, conditions and time periods set forth 
in the Transaction Documents.
 
4.6           Securities Laws Disclosure; Publicity.  The Company shall, by 
5:30 p.m. Eastern time on the Trading Day following the date hereof, issue 
a Current Report on Form 8-K disclosing the material terms of the 
transactions contemplated hereby, and shall attach the Transaction 
Documents thereto, all as required by federal securities laws.  
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company shall not publicly disclose the 
name of any Purchaser, or include the name of any Purchaser in any filing 
with the Commission or any regulatory agency or Trading Market, without the 
prior written consent of such Purchaser, except (i) as required by federal 
securities law in connection with the registration statement contemplated 
by the Registration Rights Agreement and (ii) to the extent such disclosure 
is required by law or Trading Market regulations, in which case the Company 
shall provide the Purchasers with prior notice of such disclosure permitted 
under subclause (i) or (ii).
 
4.7           Non-Public Information.  The Company covenants and agrees 
that neither it nor any other Person acting on its behalf will provide any 
Purchaser or its agents or counsel with any information that the Company 
believes constitutes material non-public information, unless prior thereto 
such Purchaser shall have executed a written agreement regarding the 
confidentiality and use of such information.  The Company understands and 
confirms that each Purchaser shall be relying on the foregoing 
representations in effecting transactions in securities of the Company.
 
4.8           Use of Proceeds.  The Company shall use the net proceeds from 
the sale of the Units hereunder for general working capital purposes which, 
in addition to normal operations of the Company, also includes pursuit of 
the FDF Acquisition.
 
4.9           Purchaser’s Indemnification.  Each Purchaser, severally and 
not jointly, agrees to indemnify, hold harmless, reimburse and defend the 
Company and each of the Company’s officers, directors, agents, Affiliates, 
control persons and principal shareholders, at all times against any claim, 
cost, expense, liability, obligation, loss or damage (including reasonable 
legal fees) of any nature, incurred by or imposed upon the Company which 
results, arises out of or is based upon:  (i) any misrepresentation by such 
Purchaser or breach of any warranty by such Purchaser in the Transaction 
Documents or in any exhibits or schedules attached hereto or thereto; or 
(ii) any breach or default in performance by such Purchaser of any covenant 
or undertaking to be performed by such Purchaser hereunder, or any other 
agreement entered into by the Company and such Purchaser relating hereto.
 


SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT – Page 18

 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

4.10           Company Indemnification.  The Company agrees to indemnify, 
hold harmless, reimburse and defend each Purchaser, and each of such 
Purchaser’s officers, directors, agents, Affiliates, control persons, and 
principal shareholders or principal interest holders, against any claim, 
cost, expense, liability, obligation, loss, Taxes or damage (including 
reasonable legal fees) of any nature, incurred by or imposed upon such 
Purchaser that results, arises out of or is based upon: (i) any 
misrepresentation by Company or breach of any warranty by Company in the 
Transaction Documents or in any exhibits or schedules attached hereto or 
thereto; or (ii) any breach or default in performance by Company of any 
covenant or undertaking to be performed by Company hereunder, or any other 
agreement entered into by the Company and such Purchaser relating hereto.
 
4.11           Reservation and Listing of Securities.
 
    (a)           The Company shall maintain a reserve from its duly
    authorized shares of Common Stock for issuance pursuant to the
    Transaction Documents in such amount as may be required to fulfill its
    obligations in full under the Transaction Documents.
 
    (b)           If, on any date, the number of authorized but unissued
    (and otherwise unreserved) shares of Common Stock is less than 150% of
    the Required Minimum on such date, then the Board of Directors of the
    Company shall use commercially reasonable efforts to amend the
    Company’s certificate or articles of incorporation to increase the
    number of authorized but unissued shares of Common Stock to at least
    200% of the Required Minimum at such time, as soon as possible and in
    any event not later than the 75th day after such date.
 
4.12           Short Sales and Confidentiality After The Date Hereof.  Each 
Purchaser severally and not jointly with the other Purchasers covenants 
that neither it nor any Affiliate acting on its behalf or pursuant to any 
understanding with it will execute any Short Sales during the period after 
the Discussion Time and ending on the earlier of the 180th calendar day 
following the date hereof or the date that such Purchaser no longer owns 
any Debentures.  Each Purchaser, severally and not jointly with the other 
Purchasers, covenants that until such time as the transactions contemplated 
by this Agreement are publicly disclosed by the Company as described in 
Section 4.6, such Purchaser will maintain the confidentiality of all 
disclosures made to it in connection with this transaction (including the 
existence and terms of this transaction).  Each Purchaser understands and 
acknowledges, severally and not jointly with any other Purchaser, that the 
Commission currently takes the position that coverage of short sales of 
shares of the Common Stock “against the box” prior to the Effective Date of 
the Registration Statement with the Securities is a violation of Section 5 
of the Securities Act, as set forth in Item 65, Section 5 under Section A, 
of the Manual of Publicly Available Telephone Interpretations, dated July 
1997, compiled by the Office of Chief Counsel, Division of Corporation 
Finance.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, other than as set forth in this 
Section 4.12, no Purchaser makes any representation, warranty or covenant 
hereby that it will not engage in Short Sales in the securities of the 
Company after the time that the transactions contemplated by this Agreement 
are first publicly announced as described in Section 4.6.   Notwithstanding 
the foregoing, in the case of a Purchaser that is a multi-managed 
investment vehicle whereby separate portfolio managers manage separate 
portions of such Purchaser’s assets and the portfolio managers have no 
direct knowledge of the investment decisions made by the portfolio managers 
managing other
 


SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT – Page 19

 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

portions of such Purchaser’s assets, the covenant set forth above shall 
only apply with respect to the portion of assets managed by the portfolio 
manager that made the investment decision to purchase the Securities 
covered by this Agreement.
 
4.13           Form D; Blue Sky Filings.  The Company agrees to timely file 
a Form D with respect to the Securities as required under Regulation D and 
to provide a copy thereof, promptly upon request of any Purchaser.  The 
Company shall, on or before or after the Closing Date, take such action as 
the Company shall reasonably determine is necessary in order to obtain an 
exemption for, or to qualify the Securities for, sale to the Purchasers at 
the Closing under applicable securities or “Blue Sky” laws of the states of 
the United States, and shall provide evidence of such actions promptly upon 
request of any Purchaser.
 
ARTICLE V.
 
MISCELLANEOUS
 
5.1           Termination.  This Agreement may be terminated by any 
Purchaser, as to such Purchaser’s obligations hereunder only and without 
any effect whatsoever on the obligations between the Company and the other 
Purchasers, by written notice to the Company, if the Closing has not been 
consummated on or before August 31, 2010; provided, however, that no such 
termination will affect the right of any party to sue for any breach by the 
other party (or parties).  This Agreement may be terminated by the Company 
at any time before Closing occurs by written notice to each Purchaser.
 
5.2           Fees and Expenses.  The Company shall deliver, prior to the 
Closing, a completed and executed copy of the Closing Statement, attached 
hereto as Annex A.  Except as expressly set forth in the Transaction 
Documents to the contrary, each party shall pay the fees and expenses of 
its advisers, counsel, accountants and other experts, if any, and all other 
expenses incurred by such party incident to the negotiation, preparation, 
execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement.  The Company shall 
pay all transfer agent fees, stamp taxes and other taxes and duties levied 
in connection with the delivery of any Securities.
 
5.3           Entire Agreement.  The Transaction Documents, together with 
the exhibits and schedules thereto, contain the entire understanding of the 
parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersede all prior 
agreements and understandings, oral or written, with respect to such 
matters, which the parties acknowledge have been merged into such 
documents, exhibits and schedules.
 
5.4           Notices.  All notices required or permitted hereunder shall 
be in writing and shall be deemed effectively given and sent as follows:
 
    (a)           upon personal delivery to the party to be notified;
 
    (b)           when sent by confirmed facsimile if sent during normal
    business hours of the recipient, or if delivered after normal business
    hours, then on the next Business Day;
 
    (c)           three (3) Business Days after having been sent by
    registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, postage
    prepaid; or
 


SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT – Page 20

 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

    (d)           one (1) day after deposit with a nationally recognized
    overnight courier, specifying next day delivery, with written
    verification of receipt.
 
    If to the Company, to:
 
       NYTEX Energy Holdings, Inc.
 
       12222 Merit Drive, Suite 1850
 
       Dallas, Texas 75251
 
       Attention:  Kenneth Kase Conte, Chief Financial Officer
 
       Facsimile:  (972) 770-4701
 
    with a copy (which shall not constitute notice) to:
 
       Strasburger & Price, LLP
 
       901 Main Street, Suite 4400
 
       Dallas, Texas 75202
 
       Attention:  Kevin Woltjen, Esq.
 
       Facsimile:  214-659-4025
 
    If to the Purchaser, the address specified on such Purchaser’s
    signature page.
 
    (e)           or at such other address as the Company or such Purchaser
    may designate by written notice to the other in accordance with this 
    Section 5.4.
 
5.5           Amendments; Waivers.  No provision of this Agreement may be 
waived, modified, supplemented or amended except in a written instrument 
signed, in the case of an amendment, by the Company and each Purchaser or, 
in the case of a waiver, by the party against whom enforcement of any such 
waiver is sought.  No waiver of any default with respect to any provision, 
condition or requirement of this Agreement shall be deemed to be a 
continuing waiver in the future or a waiver of any subsequent default or a 
waiver of any other provision, condition or requirement hereof, nor shall 
any delay or omission of either party to exercise any right hereunder in 
any manner impair the exercise of any such right.
 
5.6           Headings.  The headings herein are for convenience only, do 
not constitute a part of this Agreement and shall not be deemed to limit or 
affect any of the provisions hereof.  The language used in this Agreement 
will be deemed to be the language chosen by the parties to express their 
mutual intent, and no rules of strict construction will be applied against 
any party.
 
5.7           Successors and Assigns.  This Agreement shall be binding upon 
and inure to the benefit of the parties and their successors and permitted 
assigns.  The Company may not assign this Agreement or any rights or 
obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of each Purchaser.  
Any Purchaser may assign any or all of its rights under this Agreement to 
any Person to whom such Purchaser assigns or transfers any Securities, 
provided such transferee agrees in writing to be bound, with respect to the 
transferred Securities, by the provisions of this Agreement and the other 
Transaction Documents.
 
5.8           No Third-Party Beneficiaries.  This Agreement is intended for 
the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and 
permitted assigns and is not for the benefit of, nor may any provision 
hereof be enforced by, any other Person.
 


SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT – Page 21

 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

5.9           Governing Law; Venue.  THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY 
AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF TEXAS, WITHOUT 
REGARD TO CONFLICTS OF LAWS RULES OR PRINCIPLES THEREOF.  EACH PARTY HEREBY 
IRREVOCABLY SUBMITS TO THE EXCLUSIVE JURISDICTION OF THE STATE AND FEDERAL 
COURTS SERVING DALLAS COUNTY, TEXAS, FOR THE PURPOSES OF ANY ACTION ARISING 
OUT OF THIS AGREEMENT, OR THE SUBJECT MATTER HEREOF.  TO THE EXTENT 
PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, EACH PARTY HEREBY WAIVES AND AGREES NOT TO 
ASSERT, BY WAY OF MOTION, AS A DEFENSE OR OTHERWISE, IN ANY SUCH ACTION (A) 
THAT SUCH PARTY IS NOT PERSONALLY SUBJECT TO THE JURISDICTION OF THE 
ABOVE-NAMED COURTS, (B) THAT THE ACTION IS BROUGHT IN AN INCONVENIENT 
FORUM, (C) THAT IT IS IMMUNE FROM ANY LEGAL PROCESS WITH RESPECT TO ITSELF 
OR ITS PROPERTY, (D) THAT THE VENUE OF THE SUIT, ACTION OR PROCEEDING IS 
IMPROPER, OR (E) THAT THIS AGREEMENT, OR THE SUBJECT MATTER HEREOF, MAY NOT 
BE ENFORCED IN OR BY SUCH COURTS.  IN THE EVENT THAT ANY PROVISION OF THIS 
AGREEMENT DELIVERED IN CONNECTION HEREWITH IS INVALID OR UNENFORCEABLE 
UNDER ANY APPLICABLE STATUTE OR RULE OF LAW, THEN SUCH PROVISION SHALL BE 
DEEMED INOPERATIVE TO THE EXTENT THAT IT MAY CONFLICT THEREWITH AND SHALL 
BE DEEMED MODIFIED TO CONFORM TO SUCH STATUTE OR RULE OF LAW SO LONG AS THE 
ECONOMIC OR LEGAL SUBSTANCE OF THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY IS NOT 
AFFECTED IN ANY MANNER MATERIALLY ADVERSE TO ANY PARTY.  ANY SUCH PROVISION 
WHICH MAY PROVE INVALID OR UNENFORCEABLE UNDER ANY LAW SHALL NOT AFFECT THE 
VALIDITY OR ENFORCEABILITY OF ANY OTHER PROVISION OF THIS AGREEMENT, WHICH 
SHALL REMAIN ENFORCEABLE IN ACCORDANCE WITH ITS RESPECTIVE TERMS.
 
5.10           Survival.  The representations, warranties, covenants and 
other agreements contained herein shall survive the Closing and the 
delivery, exercise and/or conversion of the Securities, as applicable for 
the applicable statue of limitations.
 
5.11           Counterparts.  This Agreement may be executed in two or more 
counterparts, all of which when taken together shall be considered one and 
the same agreement and shall become effective when counterparts have been 
signed by each party and delivered to the other party, it being understood 
that both parties need not sign the same counterpart.  In the event that 
any signature is delivered by facsimile transmission, such signature shall 
create a valid and binding obligation of the party executing (or on whose 
behalf such signature is executed) with the same force and effect as if 
such facsimile signature page were an original thereof.
 
5.12           Severability.  If any provision of this Agreement is held to 
be invalid or unenforceable in any respect, the validity and enforceability 
of the remaining terms and provisions of this Agreement shall not in any 
way be affected or impaired thereby and the parties will attempt to agree 
upon a valid and enforceable provision that is a reasonable substitute 
therefor, and upon so agreeing, shall incorporate such substitute provision 
in this Agreement.
 
5.13           Replacement of Securities.  If any certificate or instrument 
evidencing any Securities is mutilated, lost, stolen or destroyed, the 
Company shall issue or cause to be issued in exchange and substitution for 
and upon cancellation thereof, or in lieu of and substitution therefor, a 
new certificate or instrument, but only upon receipt of evidence reasonably 
satisfactory to the Company of such loss, theft or destruction and 
customary and reasonable indemnity, if requested.  The applicants for a new 
certificate or instrument under such
 


SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT – Page 22

 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

circumstances shall also pay any reasonable third-party costs associated 
with the issuance of such replacement Securities.
 
5.14           Remedies.  In addition to being entitled to exercise all 
rights provided herein or granted by law, including recovery of damages, 
each of the Purchasers and the Company will be entitled to specific 
performance under the Transaction Documents.  The parties agree that 
monetary damages may not be adequate compensation for any loss incurred by 
reason of any breach of obligations described in the foregoing sentence and 
hereby agrees to waive in any action for specific performance of any such 
obligation the defense that a remedy at law would be adequate.
 
5.15           Payment Set Aside.  To the extent that the Company makes a 
payment or payments to any Purchaser pursuant to any Transaction Document 
or a Purchaser enforces or exercises its rights thereunder, and such 
payment or payments or the proceeds of such enforcement or exercise or any 
part thereof are subsequently invalidated, declared to be fraudulent or 
preferential, set aside, recovered from, disgorged by or are required to be 
refunded, repaid or otherwise restored to the Company, a trustee, receiver 
or any other person under any law (including, without limitation, any 
bankruptcy law, state or federal law, common law or equitable cause of 
action), then to the extent of any such restoration the obligation or part 
thereof originally intended to be satisfied shall be revived and continued 
in full force and effect as if such payment had not been made or such 
enforcement or setoff had not occurred.
 
5.16           Independent Nature of Purchasers’ Obligations and Rights.  
The obligations of each Purchaser under any Transaction Document are 
several and not joint with the obligations of any other Purchaser, and no 
Purchaser shall be responsible in any way for the performance of the 
obligations of any other Purchaser under any Transaction Document.  Nothing 
contained herein or in any Transaction Document, and no action taken by any 
Purchaser pursuant thereto, shall be deemed to constitute the Purchasers as 
a partnership, an association, a joint venture or any other kind of entity, 
or create a presumption that the Purchasers are in any way acting in 
concert or as a group with respect to such obligations or the transactions 
contemplated by the Transaction Documents.  Each Purchaser shall be 
entitled to independently protect and enforce its rights, including without 
limitation the rights arising out of this Agreement or out of the other 
Transaction Documents, and it shall not be necessary for any other 
Purchaser to be joined as an additional party in any proceeding for such 
purpose.  Each Purchaser has been represented by its own separate legal 
counsel in their review and negotiation of the Transaction Documents.  For 
reasons of administrative convenience only, Purchasers and their respective 
counsel have chosen to communicate with the Company and has elected to 
provide all Purchasers with the same terms and Transaction Documents for 
the convenience of the Company and not because it was required or requested 
to do so by the Purchasers.
 
5.17           Construction.  The parties agree that each of them and/or 
their respective counsel has reviewed and had an opportunity to revise the 
Transaction Documents and, therefore, the normal rule of construction to 
the effect that any ambiguities are to be resolved against the drafting 
party shall not be employed in the interpretation of the Transaction 
Documents or any amendments hereto.
 


SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT – Page 23

 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

[Signature Pages Follow]
 


SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT – Page 24

 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Securities Purchase 
Agreement to be duly executed by their respective authorized signatories as 
of the date first indicated above.
 

                                                                           
                                       NYTEX ENERGY HOLDINGS, INC.


                                                                           
                                       By: 
                      ______________________________________ 
                                                                           
                                        
                                                                           
                                               Name: 
                      ________________________________                     
                                                                         
                       
                                                                           
                                               Title:   
                      ________________________________                     
                                                                       

 


[REMAINDER OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK
 
SIGNATURE PAGE FOR EACH PURCHASER FOLLOWS]
 


SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT – Company Signature Page

 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

[PURCHASER SIGNATURE PAGES TO
 
NYTEX SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT]
 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have caused this Securities Purchase 
Agreement to be duly executed by their respective authorized signatories as 
of the date first indicated above.
 
Name of Purchaser:  
________________________________________________________                    
                                                                            
                                        

Signature of Authorized Signatory of Purchaser:                             
     
Name of Authorized Signatory:   
_______________________________________________                             
                                                                            
                              
Title of Authorized Signatory:     
_______________________________________________                             
                                                                            
                            
Email Address of Purchaser:        
_______________________________________________                             
                 

Address for Notice of 
Purchaser:_______________________________________________                   
                                                                            
                                           

________________________________________________________________________


Address for Delivery of Securities for Purchaser (if not same as above):



Number of Units:   ______________________________                           
                                             
Subscription Amount: $                                                      
                                                 
EIN Number: __________________________________                              
                                                       

 

 
[SIGNATURE PAGES CONTINUE]
 
 
 


SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT –Purchaser Signature Page

 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

ANNEX A
 
CLOSING STATEMENT
 

 
Pursuant to the attached Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of the 
date hereto, the Purchasers shall purchase up to $1,500,000 of Units from 
NYTEX Energy Holdings, Inc. (the “Company”).  All funds will be wired into 
a separate account maintained by the Company.  All funds will be disbursed 
in accordance with this Closing Statement.
 
Disbursement Date:   _________________________________, 2010


 
I.  PURCHASE PRICE
  	  	 
  	  	  	 
  	
Gross Proceeds to be Received
$
 
  	  	  	 
II.  DISBURSEMENTS
  	  	 
  	  	
$
 
  	  	  	 
  	  	
$
 
  	  	
$
 
  	  	
$
 
  	  	  	 
Total Amount Disbursed:
  	
$
 




WIRE INSTRUCTIONS:

To: _________________________________________________                       
                                                             


To: _________________________________________________                       
                                                              



ANNEX A

 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

EXHIBIT A

DEBENTURES





EXHIBIT A

 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

EXHIBIT B

REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT





EXHIBIT B

 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

EXHIBIT C

WARRANTS





EXHIBIT C

 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

SCHEDULE 3.1(a)

SUBSIDIARIES


1.           NYTEX Petroleum, Inc. (a wholly owned subsidiary)

2.
Supreme Vacuum Services, Inc. (a majority owned subsidiary company held by 
NYTEX Energy Holdings, Inc.




SCHEDULE 3.1(a)

 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

SCHEDULE 3.1(g)

CAPITALIZATION OF THE COMPANY


39,535,396 shares of Common Stock outstanding.

5,980,902 Warrants to purchase common stock at $.50 per share and became 
exercisable on February 17, 2009, and expires on February 17, 2012.



SCHEDULE 3.1(g)

 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

SCHEDULE 3.1(h)

MATERIAL CHANGES





SCHEDULE 3.1(h)

 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

SCHEDULE 3.1(p)

TRANSACTION WITH AFFILIATES AND EMPLOYEES






SCHEDULE 3.1(p)

 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

