 EX-10.1 2 exhibit_10-1.htm EXHIBIT 10.1
------------------------------------------------------------------------
------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXHIBIT 10.1
S. Emerson Group Inc.
Sales Agency Agreement

This Sales Agency Agreement (this “Agreement”) executed on this 27th day of 
August, but effective as of August 1, 2010 (the “Effective Date”), is 
between S. Emerson Group, Inc., a Pennsylvania corporation located at 407 
E. Lancaster Avenue, Wayne, PA 19087 (“Emerson”), and SCOLR Pharma, Inc., a 
Delaware corporation located at 19204 North Creek Pkwy #100, Bothell, WA (“
SCOLR”).

WHEREAS, SCOLR and Emerson wish to provide for terms under which Emerson 
will act as a sales agent with respect to SCOLR’s line of extended release 
formulation nutritional products; and

WHEREAS, SCOLR and an affiliate of Emerson (the “Service Affiliate”) are 
simultaneously entering into an Account Services Agreement with respect to 
which the Service Affiliate will perform certain logistics and operational 
services for SCOLR in connection with its nutritional products business 
(the “Services Agreement”).

NOW THEREFORE; in consideration of the foregoing, and for other good and 
valuable consideration, the receipt of which is hereby acknowledged, SCOLR 
and Emerson, intending to be legally bound, agree as follows:

AGREEMENT

  1.        Appointment; Services. SCOLR hereby appoints Emerson as its
  non-exclusive agent solely for purposes of performing sales management
  and marketing related services in the United States (the “Services”),
  with respect to the products designated on Schedule A hereto, as such
  schedule may be amended or supplemented from time to time (the “Products
  ”). Emerson hereby accepts such appointment and agrees to perform the
  Services.

  2.        Duties of Emerson.

  (a)          Emerson shall diligently perform the Services.  Subject to
  Section 2(b), Emerson shall perform the Services in accordance with its
  own means, methods, schedules and guidelines and shall ensure that each
  person to whom any portion of the Services is delegated is trained and
  capable to perform the Services in a competent, professional and diligent
  manner.  The Services shall include, without limitation, the following:

       (i)           Emerson shall initiate and maintain contacts with
       customers, retailers and other potential purchasers of the Products.

 
(ii)
Emerson shall monitor all sales and distribution of the Products, including 
all activities of the Service Affiliate, and promptly inform SCOLR with 
respect thereto.

 
(iii)
Emerson shall assist in the design, preparation and distribution of 
marketing materials for the Products and shall coordinate SCOLR’s presence 
at trade shows and industry events and meetings as Emerson and SCOLR shall 
determine to attend.

 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
(iv)
Emerson shall assist SCOLR with the design of sales strategies, inventory 
management requirements and forecasting.

 
(v)
Emerson or the Service Affiliate shall provide accurate reporting of its 
sales activities in such form and with such frequency as SCOLR shall 
reasonably request, including without limitation the provision of daily 
sales reports.  Additionally, on or before the fifth day of each month, 
Emerson or the Service Affiliate shall promptly provide SCOLR with an 
activity report (an “Activity Report”) showing completed sales of the 
Products for the prior month, including the quantity sold by type, the 
price received and all related expenses, including Emerson’s sales 
commission.  Such activity report shall also include information concerning 
sales terms and account aging information.  Further, Emerson will provide 
SCOLR, on or before December 1, 2010, and on or before each December 1 
thereafter during the term of this Agreement, a sales forecast setting 
forth in reasonable detail Emerson’s best estimate of projected Net Sales 
of the Products for the annual period beginning the following January 1 and 
ending December 31 of such year (the “Sales Forecast”).  Emerson shall 
provide SCOLR with updates to the Sales Forecast as frequently as 
reasonably requested by SCOLR and in accordance with the Standard Operating 
Procedures (as defined below), provided, that, notwithstanding any such 
update or revision, the Sales Forecast first delivered with respect to any 
annual period pursuant to this Section 2(a)(v) shall be operative for 
purposes of Section 5(b).

 
(vi)
Emerson shall sell the Products on commercially reasonable terms with the 
objective of maximizing the price received by SCOLR for the Products.  
Emerson shall be permitted to accept and execute orders as agent on behalf 
of SCOLR only to the extent that such orders are consistent with the credit 
terms, promotional allowances, sales prices, delivery timeframes, inventory 
or manufacturing requirements and/or packaging requirements typically 
expected of the customers for the Products of the types contemplated to be 
solicited pursuant to this Agreement and the Standard Operating Procedures.

 
(vii)
Emerson shall keep SCOLR informed generally of all contacts and 
communications with and from Customers.  Emerson shall notify SCOLR 
promptly of any claims asserted by customers related to the quality of the 
Products, including issues related to packaging, or any other matter 
affecting the salability of the Products.

 
(viii)
Emerson shall be responsible for and shall oversee the Service Affiliate 
with respect to all accounting, marketing, collection and administrative 
functions contemplated by the Service Agreement.

    (b)           As promptly as practicable after execution of this
    Agreement SCOLR and Emerson shall jointly develop written policies and
    procedures detailing the operational responsibilities of each party
    with respect to the Services and the activities and transactions
    contemplated by this Agreement (the “Standard Operating Procedures”). 
    The Standard Operating Procedures may be updated and modified from time
    to time by agreement of SCOLR and Emerson. Without limitation, the
    Standard Operating Procedures shall address reporting and notice
    requirements related to sales activities, account or product events,
    inventory and sales forecasting, account and product conflict
    management, trade promotional activities and sales allowances, product
    pricing, terms of sale and such other matters as the parties shall
    agree should be included in the Standard Operating Procedures.  The
    parties shall perform their respective duties and obligations in
    material compliance with the Standard Operating Procedures.

 
Page 2
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
  3.      Compensation. In consideration of the appointment referred to
  above and performance by Emerson of the Services, SCOLR shall pay Emerson
  as follows:

    (a)           Retainer.  SCOLR shall pay Emerson a monthly retainer of
    *, in advance, on or before the first day of each month until
    expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement (“Retainer”).

    (b)           Commission.
     
 
(i)
SCOLR shall pay Emerson a percentage of Net Sales generated by Emerson in 
its performance of the Services (“Commissions”).  Commissions shall be 
payable based on the achievement of Net Sales thresholds in an annual 
period beginning each January 1 during the term of this Agreement in 
amounts as follows:


Annual Net Sales Threshold
Commission Percentage
 
$0-$*
*%
$*-$*
*%
Net Sales greater than $*
*%

 
(ii)
Commissions owing to Emerson shall accrue continuously based on recorded 
Net Sales, however Commissions shall become due and payable only at such 
time and only to the proportionate extent that collected proceeds 
associated with such Net Sales have been disbursed to SCOLR.  For example, 
if, based on a *% rate of Commission, Emerson has completed Net Sales equal 
to $* million, and of such amount $*has been collected, $*of which has been 
retained by Emerson or the Services Affiliate as a permitted reserve and $
*of which has been disbursed to SCOLR, then Commissions equal to $* shall 
have been accrued based on Net Sales, of which $* shall be due and payable 
based on the proportional reserve and disbursement of the collected 
amounts.  Commissions due and payable shall be paid by SCOLR on or before 
the tenth (10th) day following the receipt by SCOLR of the disbursed 
amount.

 
(iii)
For purposes of this Agreement, the term “Net Sales” means the invoice 
price (i.e. gross sales price) of sales by Emerson of the Products, less 
cash discounts, any off-invoice allowances and returns, and products 
subject to recall.

 
(c)
Annual Bonus.
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
* Certain information on this page has been omitted and filed separately 
with the Commission.  Confidential treatment has been requested with 
respect to the omitted portions.
 
 
Page 3
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
(i)
Emerson shall be eligible for a bonus (the “Bonus”) based on Net Sales 
recorded during the twelve (12) month period beginning on January 1, 2011 
and continuing through December 31, 2011 (the “Bonus Period”).  Emerson 
shall receive a Bonus equal to *% of any Net Sales recorded during the 
Bonus Period above $*, up to $*.  Thereafter, Emerson shall receive an 
additional amount equal to *% of any Net Sales recorded during the Bonus 
Period above $*.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Bonus payable under 
this paragraph shall in no event exceed $*.

 
(ii)
The annual bonus program described in this Section 3(c) shall be subject to 
negotiation and agreement of SCOLR and Emerson on or prior to December 1 of 
each year during the term of this Agreement, effective the following 
January 1.

 
(d)
Special Bonus.  Emerson shall be eligible to receive a one-time special 
bonus of $*, payable within thirty (30) days after the filing of SCOLR’s 
Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2010 if 
Net Sales during the period beginning on the Effective Date and ending on 
December 31, 2010 equal or exceed $*.

 
(e)
Warrant.  Promptly following execution of this Agreement SCOLR will issue 
to Emerson a warrant to purchase 100,000 shares of SCOLR’s common stock at 
an exercise price per share equal to the greater of (i) the market price of 
such common stock on the execution date of this Agreement or (ii) $0.50, 
and subject to the terms and conditions set forth in a warrant agreement 
between SCOLR and Emerson.
 
  4.      Term. Except as provided otherwise herein, this Agreement shall
  remain in effect for an Initial Term of thirty-six (36) months from the
  Effective Date (the “Initial Term”) unless earlier terminated in
  accordance with this Agreement.  Thereafter, this Agreement, including
  any portion assigned to a sub-agent pursuant to Section 15, shall
  automatically extend for successive additional twelve (12) month terms
  (each a “Renewal Term”).

5.      Termination; Effect of Termination.

 
(a)
Termination, Notices.  This Agreement may be terminated by either party at 
any time for any or no reason by delivering a written notice (a “
Termination Notice”) to the other party setting forth the effective date of 
the termination (the “Termination Date”), which must be a date at least 
twelve (12) months after delivery of the Termination Notice.  
Notwithstanding the foregoing, either party may terminate this Agreement 
for Good Cause by providing a Termination Notice setting forth in 
reasonable detail the circumstances that constitute Good Cause for 
termination, and identifying the Termination Date, which must be a date at 
least ten (10) days from the date of the Termination Notice.

 
(b)
Termination for Good Cause. For purposes of this Agreement a party shall 
have “Good Cause” to terminate this Agreement if  (a) the other party or 
any affiliate or agent of the other party commits a felony, or a crime 
involving theft, embezzlement, material dishonesty or moral turpitude in 
relation to the matters contemplated hereby or by the Services Agreement; 
(b) the other party or any affiliate or agent of such party makes any 
material intentional misrepresentation or material prejudicial 
non-disclosure to the terminating party in connection with the performance 
of such party’s duties and obligations under this Agreement or the Services 
Agreement; (c) the other party or any affiliate or agent of the other party 
commits any material breach of this Agreement or the Services Agreement, or 
fails to perform its material duties under this Agreement or the Services 
Agreement, which failure or breach shall not be cured to the other party’s 
reasonable satisfaction within 30 days after notice thereof, or (d) the 
other party seeks protection under bankruptcy laws or any receivership, 
trustee, creditors’ arrangement or comparable proceeding, or any comparable 
proceeding is instituted (including an involuntary bankruptcy petition) and 
is not dismissed within forty-five (45) days.  Without limiting the 
generality of subsection (c) of this paragraph, and except as set forth in 
Section 17, Good Cause for termination of this Agreement by SCOLR shall 
exist if Emerson fails as of December 31 of any year during the term of 
this Agreement to achieve Net Sales equal to Eighty Percent (80%) of the 
projected Net Sales for the annual period ended on such date, as shown on 
the Sales Forecast delivered to SCOLR pursuant to Section 2(a)(v).
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
* Certain information on this page has been omitted and filed separately 
with the Commission.  Confidential treatment has been requested with 
respect to the omitted portions.
 
Page 4
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
 
 
(c)
Effect of Expiration or Termination.  On and as of the Termination Date, 
and except as expressly provided in Section 7, (a) all rights and 
obligations of Emerson and SCOLR shall terminate and (b) any and all sums 
owed by one party to another shall become immediately due and payable.  For 
the avoidance of doubt, each of SCOLR and Emerson shall not be relieved of 
their duties and obligations under this Agreement until the Termination 
Date, notwithstanding the delivery of a Termination Notice.  All payments 
in respect of the Retainer, the Commission, any bonus and any other 
compensation due to Emerson pursuant to the terms of this Agreement for the 
period beginning on the date of a Termination Notice and ending on the 
Termination Date shall be calculated and paid in accordance with the 
provisions of Section 3 hereof, as may be modified or amended from time to 
time, based on Net Sales achieved, and any other relevant metrics, during 
such period.

  6.      Finders Fee.  If any transaction of the type described below is
  initially proposed to SCOLR by Emerson during the term of this Agreement
  in a written notice containing explicit reference to this Section 6, 
  then, to the extent such transaction closes during the term of this
  Agreement or within 180 days after the expiration or earlier termination
  hereof, SCOLR shall pay to Emerson, as the case may be: (i) *% of the
  gross sales price obtained by SCOLR with respect to any divestiture by
  SCOLR of any material product, brand or formulation asset (other than in
  connection with a sale of substantially all of SCOLR’s assets), or (ii) 
  *% of the Acquisition Value (the “Acquisition Fee”) in any transaction or
  series of related transactions involving SCOLR as either the acquired or
  acquiring company (an “Acquisition”).  Any such payments shall be payable
  on the closing of the contemplated transaction, and shall be subject to
  an aggregate maximum for all payments made or payable under this Section
  6 of $*.

  For purposes of calculating the Acquisition Fee, the “Acquisition Value”
  shall mean the total amount paid or payable, directly or indirectly, to,
  or for the benefit of, the acquired company (including any subsidiary
  thereof) and/or its security holders in cash and/or equity or debt
  securities or other equity interests.  Any Acquisition Fee otherwise
  payable to Emerson which is attributable to contingent consideration held
  pursuant to an escrow account established before or in connection with
  the consummation of an Acquisition, or which is subject to an “earn-out”
  or other similar deferral feature shall become payable to Emerson only
  when received by the target company.  If any portion of the consideration
  paid or payable to, or for the benefit of, the target company and/or its
  security holders is paid in the form of securities or other equity
  interests, SCOLR may elect, in its sole discretion, to deliver the
  Acquisition Fee to Emerson in the form of securities or interests of like
  kind to those received or delivered by SCOLR, as the case may be, in the
  Acquisition.   Notwithstanding the foregoing, if SCOLR determines to
  deliver all or any portion of the Acquisition Fee in cash, the value of
  such securities or interests shall be determined in such manner as is set
  forth in the definitive agreement related to the acquisition, or if such
  definitive agreement is silent thereon, by the average of the last sale
  prices for such securities on the five trading days ending five days
  prior to the consummation of the Acquisition. If such securities or
  interests do not have an existing public trading market, the value
  thereof shall be the fair market value thereof on the day prior to the
  consummation of the Transaction as determined in good faith by Emerson
  and SCOLR.
 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
* Certain information on this page has been omitted and filed separately 
with the Commission.  Confidential treatment has been requested with 
respect to the omitted portions.

 
Page 5
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
  7.      Survival of Rights and Obligations.  Sections 8, 9, 11, 12, 13,
  14, 15, 18, 19, 20 and 21 shall survive expiration or termination of this
  Agreement and shall remain effective in accordance with their terms.

  8.      Expenses. Emerson shall be solely responsible to pay for all
  costs and expenses associated with its normal operation and the
  performance of the Services, except that SCOLR shall reimburse all
  reasonable travel expenses for representatives of Emerson to be present
  in any location at the specific request of SCOLR (e.g. attendance by
  Emerson at a meeting of SCOLR’s Board of Directors).  For the avoidance
  of doubt, all travel and other expenses incurred by Emerson in the course
  of performing the Services shall be the sole responsibility of Emerson,
  including without limitation all travel and other expenses associated
  with customer calls, corporate gifts and hospitality, trade shows and
  similar events, regardless of whether such costs or expenses are for the
  sole direct benefit of SCOLR.

  9.      Indemnification. SCOLR shall indemnify, defend, release and hold
  Emerson and its agents and employees harmless from and against any and
  all claims, suits, damages, liabilities, judgments, costs and expenses
  (including but not limited to legal fees, settlements and judgments)
  (collectively “Damages”) arising out of or related to any bodily injury,
  death, damage to property or other damage attributable, or alleged to be
  attributable to, any of SCOLR’s products, including but not limited to
  any products liability claims attributable, or alleged to be attributable
  to, any of SCOLR’s products, except to the extent that such Damages are
  the result of negligence, contributory or otherwise, of Emerson or its
  assignee in the performance or delegation of the Services.  Emerson shall
  indemnify, defend, release and hold SCOLR and its agents and employees
  harmless from and against any obligations or Damages arising out of or
  related to any action by Emerson which constitutes a breach of this
  Agreement, except to the extent that such obligations or Damages are the
  result of negligence, contributory or otherwise, of SCOLR.

  10.       Conflicts, Obligations; No Exclusivity.

 
(a)
Emerson Group maintains a policy in regard to representation of multiple 
brands within categories. Subject to the Standard Operating Procedures, 
Emerson reserves the right to represent all brands, products, companies or 
supply services.  Emerson will at all times deal honestly, fairly and 
equitably with customers, and will not engage in any deceptive, misleading 
or unethical trade practice advertising, or any other conduct or activity 
which tends to mislead, deceive or defraud the public, or to adversely 
affect the good name or reputation of SCOLR, its affiliates, or the 
Products.
 

 
 
Page 6
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
(b)
Emerson is being retained by SCOLR on a non-exclusive basis, and SCOLR 
reserves the right to engage other sales agents, brokers, distributors and 
independent representatives to sell its products.

  11.       Confidentiality.  Emerson agrees to keep confidential during
  the Initial and any Renewal Term of this Agreement, and for thirty-six
  (36) months after the expiration or earlier termination of this
  Agreement, all information (the “Information”) provided to it by SCOLR
  that is (i) material and non-public or (ii) confidential and proprietary.
   Notwithstanding any provision herein to the contrary, Emerson may
  disclose nonpublic information to its affiliates, agents and advisors
  whenever Emerson determines that such disclosure is necessary to provide
  the services contemplated hereunder or for internal control or compliance
  purposes.  For purposes of this Section 11, the Information shall
  include, without limitation, non-public information, whether disclosed
  orally or in writing by SCOLR, or generated internally by Emerson,
  concerning: (i) sales, revenue, orders, inventory, collections and
  similar financial information related to sales by SCOLR of nutritional
  products; (ii) plans and forecasts, whether relating specifically to
  SCOLR’s nutritional business or to SCOLR’s other businesses; (iii) the
  existence of and information concerning actual or potential Acquisitions
  or other transactions contemplated by this Agreement; (iv) information
  regarding SCOLR’s proprietary drug-delivery technology to the extent
  identified by SCOLR orally or in writing as confidential, or if no such
  designation is made, to the extent that the confidential nature of such
  information is reasonably apparent from the circumstances of disclosure.

  12.        Securities Laws.  Emerson hereby acknowledges that it is
  aware, and that it will advise its affiliates, agents and assignees who
  are informed of the matters that are the subject of this letter
  agreement, that the United States securities laws prohibit any person who
  has received from the issuer of such securities material, nonpublic
  information from purchasing or selling securities of such issuer or from
  communicating such information to any other person when it is reasonably
  foreseeable that such other person is likely to purchase or sell such
  securities in reliance upon such information.  Further, Emerson hereby
  acknowledges and consents to any public or other disclosure concerning
  this Agreement made by SCOLR pursuant to regulatory or legal obligations,
  including without limitation disclosure by SCOLR of the material terms of
  this Agreement, and the filing by SCOLR of a copy of this Agreement
  pursuant to applicable requirements of the U.S. Securities and Exchange
  Commission or any securities exchange on SCOLR’s securities are listed.

  13.        Attorneys’ Fees.  If any action or suit in law or equity or
  any arbitration proceeding is initiated to enforce or interpret the
  provisions of this Agreement, the prevailing party shall be entitled to
  recover its costs and expenses incurred in connection with such action or
  suit, including without limitation, reasonable attorneys’ fees incurred
  at all levels and proceedings, including settlement and appeal, in
  addition to any other relief to which it may be entitled.

  14.       Entire Agreement.  This Agreement contains the entire agreement
  of the parties and there are no oral or written representations,
  understandings or agreements between the parties respecting the subject
  matter of this Agreement that are not fully expressed herein.

  15.       Assignment.  Emerson may assign its rights and delegate its
  duties under this Agreement with the consent of SCOLR, which consent
  shall not be unreasonably withheld.  SCOLR may assign its rights and
  delegate its duties under this Agreement to any acquirer of substantially
  all of SCOLR’s business assets, or substantially all the assets of its
  nutritional products business upon 30 days prior written notice to
  Emerson.
 
 
Page 7
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

 
  16.       Notices.  All notices permitted or required to be given under
  this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed duly given upon
  personal delivery by mail or courier, evidenced by receipt; upon
  transmittal by telephone facsimile (fax) to a fax number specified in
  writing by the party to be notified; or upon transmittal by electronic
  mail (e-mail) to the party at the email address specified in writing by
  the party to be notified.  All notices shall be delivered or sent to the
  other party at the address(es) set forth in the introductory paragraph of
  this Agreement or to such other addresses, fax numbers or e-mail
  addresses as a party may hereafter specify from time to time by notice to
  the other.

  17.       Force Majeure.  Neither party will be considered in default in
  the performance of any obligation hereunder, and Good Cause for
  termination shall not exist, to the extent that the performance of an
  obligation under this Agreement is prevented or delayed by fire, flood,
  explosion, strike, war, insurrection, embargo, government requirement,
  civil or military authority, act of terrorism, act of God, or any other
  event, occurrence of condition which is not caused, in whole or in part,
  by that party, and which is beyond the reasonable control of that party.

  18.      Independent Contractor; Limited Agency.  Emerson is an
  independent contractor.  The parties do not intend to create, and this
  Agreement shall not be interpreted to create, any other relationship
  between the parties.  This Agreement shall not be construed to create a
  partnership or joint venture between the parties.  Nothing in this
  Agreement shall be construed, and Emerson shall not indicate, or use
  words or actions which would tend to indicate that its appointment as
  SCOLR’s agent pursuant to the terms hereof extends beyond the express
  scope of the agency granted by SCOLR pursuant to this Agreement.

  19.       Inspection of Books and Records.  Emerson or the Service
  Affiliate shall keep and preserve at its principal place of business
  accurate and complete copies of all books and records relating to the
  subject of this Agreement and the Sales Agreement during the term of such
  agreements, and for a period of two (2) years thereafter.  During such
  period SCOLR shall be permitted without notice, at its expense, to
  inspect, copy and take extracts from such books and records for any
  purpose.  In furtherance and not in limitation of the foregoing, such
  records shall include, at a minimum, records of: (i) all sales slips and
  invoices, (ii) all sales expenses include freight, logistics, remittance
  and other information and records concerning the business, (iii) all
  collections and account information and (iv) banks statements showing all
  inflows and outflows of cash in connection with the transactions and
  procedures contemplated by the terms of this Agreement.  At the
  conclusion of such inspection Emerson shall pay to SCOLR any amounts
  shown to be due to SCOLR as a result of an overpayment by SCOLR or
  underpayment by Emerson in connection with the Sales Agreement or the
  Services Agreement.  Further, to the extent that the inspection reveals
  an amount owing to SCOLR that is greater than $25,000, then Emerson shall
  reimburse SCOLR for the costs and expenses associated with its inspection
  of the Books and Records and any action to collect such amounts,
  including without limitation, attorney’s fees, costs and expenses.
 
 
Page 8
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

 
  20.  Arbitration; Governing Law.  Notwithstanding anything to the
  contrary contained in this Agreement, any controversy or claim arising
  out of or in connection with this Agreement, its construction,
  interpretation, effect, performance, non-performance, termination, or
  consequences thereof, or any transaction contemplated hereby, however
  characterized as a matter of law (whether in contract, tort or
  otherwise), including, without limitation, all claims under any federal,
  state, or local statute, ordinance, regulation or other law, will be
  settled by arbitration in King County, Washington, in accordance with the
  Commercial Arbitration Rules of the American Arbitration Association, and
  judgment on the award rendered by the arbitrator(s) may be entered in any
  court having jurisdiction thereof.  If it becomes necessary to file suit
  to compel arbitration hereunder and arbitration is subsequently ordered
  by the court, the party instituting such suit will be entitled to recover
  its actual costs and expenses, including, without limitation, attorney's
  fees, incurred in such action.  This Agreement will be governed by and
  construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Washington, without
  regard to its conflicts of law principles, and such laws will be applied
  and controlling in any arbitration conducted pursuant to this Section 20.

  21.        Schedules.  Schedules referred to in this Agreement are
  incorporated into and made a part of this Agreement to the same extent as
  if set forth in full in the body of this Agreement.  In the event of a
  conflict between any such Schedule and the terms of this Agreement, the
  terms of this Agreement shall prevail.


[Remainder of this Page is Intentionally Blank]
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 9
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Sales Agency 
Agreement on the day and year first set forth above, effective as of August 
1, 2010.



SCOLR PHARMA, INC.

By: /s/ Richard M. Levy                                                     
 
Name:  Richard M. Levy
Title:           Chief Financial Officer




S. EMERSON GROUP, INC.


By: /s/ Richard A. Wellinger                                                
                
Name:  Richard A. Wellinger
Title:           President



 
Page 10
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

Schedule A

Products

SCOLR Nutritional formulations, available or in development: (current list 
as of August 17, 2010)

 
1.
**
 
2.
*
 
3.
*
 
4.
*
 
5.
*
 
6.
*
 
7.
*
 
8.
*
 
9.
*
 
10.
*
 
11.
*
 
12.
*
 
13.
*
 
14.
*
 
15.
*
 
16.
*
 
17.
*
 
18.
*
 
19.
*
 
20.
*
 
21.
*
 
22.
*
 
23.
*
 
24.
*

SCOLR shall have the right in its sole discretion to change or discontinue 
any Product, and to otherwise add or subtract Products from the above list 
upon written notice to Emerson.




 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
* Certain information on this page has been omitted and filed separately 
with the Commission.  Confidential treatment has been requested with 
respect to the omitted portions.
 
 
Page 11
------------------------------------------------------------------------
------------------------------------------------------------------------