 EX-10.1 6 fs1a1ex10i_empireglobal.htm MATERIAL AGREEMENTS
Exhibit 10.1
LICENSE AGREEMENT

THIS AGREEMENT is made effective as of May 12, 2010, by and between 
Nicholas M. Sorge Sr. 7 Susan Court, Deer Park, NY 11729, hereinafter 
“LICENSOR”, and Empire Global Gaming Inc., a Nevada Company, having a 
principal place of business at 555 Woodside Avenue, Bellport, NY 11713, 
hereinafter “LICENSEE”.

WHEREAS, LICENSOR has developed and is the owner of certain intellectual 
property relating to the game called Balanced American Roulette (the 
“Game”) and relating to the development, operation and promotion of the 
Game; and

WHEREAS, LICENSEE desires to obtain a license and LICENSOR desires to grant 
a license to the Licensed Subject Matter as defined herein on the terms and 
conditions specified herein.

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing and of the mutual 
promises and covenants contained in this Agreement and for other good and 
valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby 
acknowledged, the parties agree as follows:


SECTION I. DEFINITIONS

As used in this Agreement, the following terms shall be deemed to have the 
following meanings:

1.1 An “Affiliate” of a party shall mean a corporation or other entity 
controlled by, controlling, or under common control with LICENSOR or 
LICENSEE.  For the purpose of this Agreement, “control” or “controlling” 
means (a) the ownership, directly or indirectly, of more than fifty percent 
(50%) of the voting stock or analogous interest in such corporation or 
other entity; or (b) the existence of any other relationship between 
LICENSOR or LICENSEE and such other corporation or entity which results in 
effective managerial control by one over the other, regardless of whether 
such control is continuously exercised.

1.2 “Effective Date” shall mean the date first written above.

1.3 “Game” shall mean the Balanced American Roulette game identified above 
and in Schedule B, in non-electronic format, the rules and table layout of 
which are attached at Schedule C and protected by the Licensed Subject 
Matter.

1.4 “Intellectual Property” shall mean all patent rights, inventions, works 
of authorship, information fixed in any tangible medium of expression, 
moral rights, mask works, trademarks, trade names, trade dress, ideas, 
concepts, techniques and all other subject matter protectable under patent, 
copyright, moral right, mask work, trademark, or other laws anywhere in the 
world.
 
 
 
1
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

1.5 “Licensed Subject Matter” shall mean (i) the Licensed Patents defined 
in Section 1.7 below; (ii) the Licensed Marks defined in Section 1.6 below; 
(iii) the Licensed Works defined in Section 1.8 below; and (iv) any other 
Intellectual Property developed by LICENSOR in the future relating to the 
development, operation and/or promotion of the Game.

1.6 “Licensed Marks” shall mean the marks listed on Schedule A attached 
hereto, as amended from time to time.

1.7 “Licensed Patents” shall mean LICENSOR’S letters patent and 
applications for letters patent now in existence or which come into 
existence prior to termination of this Agreement as they relate to or are 
useful in the manufacture, use or promotion of the Game, including without 
limitation those patents listed on Schedule B attached hereto, as well as 
any divisions, continuations, continuations-in-part, reissues, 
reexaminations, extensions, renewals, supplementary protection 
certificates, utility models, or foreign counterparts thereof and any and 
all issued patents resulting therefrom, as amended from time to time.

1.8 “Licensed Works” shall mean the works listed on Schedule C attached 
hereto, as amended from time to time, and other works of authorship or 
information fixed in any tangible medium of expression relating to the 
Game, including the development, operation and/or promotion of the Game.

1.9 “Licensee Improvements” shall mean all discoveries and/or inventions 
(whether patented or not) conceived or reduced to practice (actual or 
constructive) solely by LICENSEE as between the parties during the term of 
this Agreement that constitute a modification, improvement or variation of 
the Licensed Subject Matter.

1.10 “Licensor Improvements” shall mean all discoveries and/or inventions 
(whether patented or not) conceived or reduced to practice (actual or 
constructive) solely by LICENSOR as between the parties during the term of 
this Agreement that constitute a modification, improvement or variation of 
the Licensed Subject Matter.

1.11 “Joint Improvements” shall mean all discoveries and/or inventions 
(whether patented or not) conceived or reduced to practice (actual or 
constructive) by LICENSOR and LICENSEE during the term of this Agreement 
that constitute a modification, improvement or variation of the Licensed 
Subject Matter.

1.12 “Licensee Marks” shall mean the trademarks, trade names, logos and 
trade dress used by LICENSEE, exclusive ownership of which shall remain 
with LICENSEE, such Licensee Marks including, but not limited to, the marks 
listed on Schedule D attached hereto.

1.13  “Table” shall mean a single placement of the Game at a single table 
in a casino, anywhere in the world.
 
 
 
2
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 


SECTION II. GRANT OF LICENSE

2.1 LICENSOR hereby grants to LICENSEE and its Affiliates, subject to the 
terms and conditions of this Agreement, an exclusive worldwide license, 
with right of sublicense, to: (i) make, have made, use, offer for sale, 
sell, lease and import products and services covered by or incorporating 
the Licensed Patents; and to (ii) use the Licensed Marks and Licensed Works 
on or in connection with the development, operation, distribution and/or 
promotion of the Game.  LICENSEE may sublicense the rights granted herein 
upon written approval by LICENSOR, which shall not be unreasonable 
withheld.

2.2 Notwithstanding the licensed granted in Section 2.1, LICENSOR may 
request on occasion that LICENSEE allow LICENSOR to grant a third party a 
license to (i) make, have made, use, offer for sale, sell, lease and import 
products and services covered by or incorporating the Licensed Patents; or 
to (ii) use the Licensed Marks and Licensed Works on or in connection with 
the development, operation, distribution and/or promotion of the Game in a 
specific country.  LICENSOR shall submit such request to LICENSEE in 
writing and LICENSEE shall endeavor to respond in writing within ten (10) 
business days.  Failure of LICENSEE to respond in writing within ten (10) 
business days shall be deemed a denial of LICENSOR’S request.  LICENSEE 
shall not unreasonably deny any such request.  In the event that LICENSEE 
grants LICENSOR’S request, LICENSEE agrees to transform the license granted 
in Section 2.1 above from an exclusive to a non-exclusive license with 
respect to the specific country and the specific third party approved in 
LICENSOR’S request.

2.3 LICENSEE acknowledges that LICENSOR owns all right, title and interest 
in and to the Licensed Subject Matter, and agrees that it will do nothing 
inconsistent with LICENSOR’S ownership of the Licensed Subject Matter, and 
agrees that all use of the Licensed Marks by LICENSEE shall inure to the 
benefit of and be on behalf of LICENSOR.  LICENSEE agrees that nothing in 
this Agreement shall give LICENSEE any right, title or interest in the 
Licensed Subject Matter, other than the license as set forth in Section 2.1 
above.

2.4 LICENSOR acknowledges that LICENSEE owns all right, title and interest 
in and to the Licensee Marks, and agrees that it will do nothing 
inconsistent with LICENSEE’S ownership of the Licensed Marks, and agrees 
that all use of the Licensee Marks shall inure to the benefit of and be on 
behalf of LICENSEE.  LICENSOR agrees that nothing in this Agreement shall 
give LICENSOR any right, title or interest in the Licensed Marks.


SECTION III. MARKETING AND COMMERCIALIZATION

3.1 LICENSEE agrees to use good faith and commercially reasonable efforts 
to market the Game and to distribute the Game in approved jurisdictions 
during the term of this Agreement.

3.2 Nothing in this Agreement prevents LICENSOR from promoting the Game 
nationally or internationally, which may include using the assets in 
Schedules A, B, C and D.
 
 
 
3
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 


SECTION IV. INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY PROTECTION

4.1 All rights in the Licensed Subject Matter are owned by LICENSOR and 
shall remain with LICENSOR.  In the event of termination of this Agreement 
for any reason, LICENSOR shall continue to own all Licensed Subject Matter.

4.2 All rights in the Licensee Marks are owned by LICENSEE and shall remain 
with LICENSEE.  In the event of termination of this Agreement for any 
reason, LICENSEE shall continue to own all Licensee Marks.

4.3 LICENSEE may, at its sole option and discretion, change the commercial 
name of the Game from “Balanced American Roulette” to a name of LICENSEE’S 
selection.  LICENSEE may also develop a logo or other artwork for use in 
the promotion and marketing of the Game in conjunction with any such new 
commercial name or may develop a logo or other artwork for use in the 
promotion and marketing of the Game in conjunction with the “Balanced 
American Roulette” name (“Game Artwork”).  In such event, LICENSOR shall 
file for and maintain trademark protection of such name in all countries of 
use and such name shall be included as part of the Licensed Marks 
throughout the Term of this Agreement and any such trademark rights in such 
name shall be owned exclusively by LICENSOR.  Any and all Game Artwork, 
including all copyright and other intellectual property rights, shall be 
owned exclusively by LICENSEE.

4.4 LICENSOR shall own all right, title and interest in all Licensor 
Improvements.  All Licensor Improvements (and any and all patent rights and 
other intellectual property rights with respect to such improvements) shall 
fall within the scope of the Licensed Subject Matter being licensed to 
LICENSEE under this Agreement.

4.5 LICENSEE shall own all right, title and interest in all Licensee 
Improvements.

4.6 Joint Improvements shall be owned jointly with both parties having 
equal rights thereto.  All Joint Improvements (and any and all patent 
rights and other intellectual property rights with respect to such 
improvements) shall fall within the scope of the Licensed Subject Matter 
being licensed to LICENSEE under this Agreement.


SECTION V. USE OF LICENSED MARKS AND QUALITY CONTROL

5.1 LICENSEE agrees to use the Licensed Marks only in the form and manner 
and with appropriate legends as prescribed from time to time by LICENSOR.

5.2 LICENSEE agrees that the nature and quality of use of the Licensed 
Marks, and of the goods sold and services rendered by LICENSEE in 
connection with the Licensed Marks, shall conform to standards set by and 
be under the control of LICENSOR.  Such standards may be changes from time 
to time by LICENSOR at its discretion.
 
 
 
4
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 


SECTION VI. ROYALTIES, REPORTS AND RECORDS

6.1 In consideration of the rights and license granted hereunder, LICENSEE 
agrees to pay to LICENSOR, as a periodic royalty, the amounts according to 
the table attached at Schedule E.  All Tables placed by LICENSEE will pay 
according to the same royalty rate based on the number of Tables per month 
as considered as of the first day of each month (the “Count”).  Monthly 
Royalty payments will be computer by taking the determined percentage of 
the monthly gross table revenue, which is all monthly revenue earned by 
LICENSEE from only the entire fees paid to the LICENSEE by casinos for 
their table(s) offering the Game.  LICENSEE’s overhead, incidentals, and 
other costs are not to be deducted or factored into the gross table 
revenue.  Payment by LICENSEE shall be due thirty (30) days after the Count 
has been completed.

6.2 LICENSEE shall account for all Tables, their locations and respective 
monthly rental fees to LICENSOR on a monthly basis.

6.3 Both parties shall maintain complete books and records in connection 
with their payments obligations under this Agreement, during and for a 
period of one (1) year after termination of this Agreement.  LICENSOR shall 
have the right, upon reasonable notice to LICENSEE, and not more than once 
per calendar year, to inspect LICENSEE’S books and records directly 
relating to amounts owed LICENSOR under this Agreement.  LICENSOR may also 
employ a third party auditor at its own expense for such purpose that shall 
be permitted the same access.


SECTION VII. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

7.1           LICENSOR represents and warrants to LICENSEE as follows:

(a)  
It has the full right and legal authority to enter into and fully perform 
this Agreement in accordance with its terms;
(b)  
It is the sole and exclusive owner of all right, title and interest in and 
to the Game and the Licensed Subject Matter and has the necessary authority 
to grant the license specified in Section 2.1.
(c)  
The acceptance of the rights herein will not breach or violate the terms of 
any other undertaking or obligation of LICENSOR;
(d)  
It has not infringed and the exercise of the rights granted hereunder will 
not infringe any patent or patent application, trademark, trade name or 
other proprietary, intellectual property or other rights of any person, 
entity or government;
(e)  
There are no claims, proceedings, actions or suits pending against LICENSOR 
or, to LICENSOR’S knowledge, threatened relating to the Licensed Subject 
Matter or the Game;
(f)  
It acknowledges each of the representations and warranties given above are 
continuous in nature, are deemed to be material, and have been relied upon 
by LICENSEE.

7.2           LICENSEE represents and warrants to LICENSOR as follows:

(a)  
It has the full right and legal authority to enter into and fully perform 
this Agreement in accordance with its terms;
(b)  
The acceptance of the rights herein will not breach or violate the terms of 
any other undertaking or obligation of LICENSEE.
 
 
 
5
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 


SECTION VIII. INDEMNIFICATION

8.1 LICENSOR agrees to indemnify, defend and hold LICENSEE and its 
officers, directors, agents, parents, affiliates, sublicensees, employees, 
and customers harmless against any suit, proceeding, assertion, damage, 
cost, liability, loss, and expense (including court costs and reasonable 
attorney fees) incurred as a result of any claim brought by a third party 
which is (a) based upon a breach by LICENSOR of any representation and 
warranty made in this Agreement; or (b) based upon the use of the Licensed 
Subject Matter by LICENSEE or any of its sublicensees as contemplated under 
this Agreement.  This Section is shall survive expiration or termination of 
the Agreement for any reason.

8.2 LICENSEE agrees to indemnify LICENSOR and its officers, directors, 
agents, and employees against any suit, proceeding, assertion, damage, 
cost, liability, loss, and expense (including court costs and reasonable 
attorney fees) incurred through claims of third parties against LICENSOR 
(a) based on the manufacture or sale of the Game by LICENSEE including, but 
not limited to, actions founded on product liability; or (b) claims of 
third parties against LICENSOR base on the use of Licensee Marks.  This 
Section shall survive expiration or termination of the Agreement for any 
reason.


SECTION IX. TERM AND TERMINATION

9.1 Unless earlier terminated as provided herein, this Agreement and the 
licensed granted hereunder shall commence as of the Effective Date and 
shall continue for a period of ten (10) years.

9.2 At the end of the Term, LICENSEE shall have the option to extend the 
Agreement for successive one (1) year terms, provided LICENSEE provides 
written notice to LICENSOR of such intention at least thirty (30) days 
before expiration of the current Term.

9.3 Either party may terminate this Agreement upon any breach of a material 
provision by the other provided, however, that a notice of such material 
breach shall first be served in writing on the other party as provided in 
Section 13 below.  If the material breach is not cured within thirty (30) 
days from the date the notice is served, the non-breaching party may 
terminate the Agreement at its option.

9.4 Notwithstanding the above, upon any breach of any of the 
representations and warranties provided in Section 8, the non-breaching 
party may, in its sole discretion, treat the Agreement as immediately 
terminated or may seek further assurances.
 
 
 
6
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

9.5 LICENSOR may terminate this Agreement upon thirty (30) days written 
notice to LICENSEE in the event that (i) LICENSOR is not earning at least 
$5,000/month is Royalty Payments at 30 months after the Effective Date; 
(ii) LICENSOR is not earning at least $10,000/month in Royalty Payments at 
4 years after the Effective Date; or (iii) LICENSOR is not earning at least 
$12,000/month in Royalty Payments at 5 years after the Effective Date. 
Failure to LICENSOR to make such termination does imply a waiver of 
LICENSOR’s right to do so the following month(s).

9.6 LICENSEE may terminate this Agreement by providing thirty (30) days 
written notice to LICENSOR at any time.

9.7 Either party may terminate this Agreement upon service of notice as 
provided in Section 13 in the event the other party files any form of 
petition in bankruptcy, makes an assignment for the benefit of creditors, 
or has a receiver or bankruptcy trustee appointed to administer its assets.

9.8 In the event of termination of this Agreement for any reason, LICENSEE 
may maintain any Tables installed prior to the date of termination for as 
long as desired, provided LICENSEE continues to pay the royalties pursuant 
to Section 6.  In such event, the license granted in this Agreement shall 
automatically convert to a non-exclusive license.

9.9 The validity or invalidity of any of the U.S. Patent No. US 7,588,250 
B2 Patent #US 7,566,056 B2, Patent #US 7,637,503 B2, Patent #US 7,694,971 
B2 shall have no effect on the termination of this Agreement.


SECTION X. INFRINGEMENT

10.1 LICENSEE agrees to notify LICENSOR of any unauthorized use of the 
Licensed Subject Matter by a third party promptly as it comes to LICENSEE’S 
attention.  LICENSOR shall have the sole right and discretion, but not the 
obligation, to bring an action against such third party at its sole 
expense.  LICENSEE agrees to fully cooperate with LICENSOR in the 
prosecution of any such action brought by LICENSOR.  LICENSOR shall 
reimburse LICENSEE for reasonable expenses incurred as a result of such 
cooperation.  All sums recovered shall be paid to, and retained by, 
LICENSOR.  Should LICENSOR opt not to take, or to cease, any steps to abate 
such infringement, LICENSEE shall have the option to take or continue steps 
to abate such infringement at its sole expense.  In such case, LICENSEE 
shall retain all sums recovered.  The parties agree to assist the other as 
reasonably necessary in any steps taken to abate the infringement.

10.2 LICENSOR will control the prosecution of all patents and patent 
applications included within the Licensed Patents at its sole expense.  
LICENSOR will control the prosecution of all trademark and copyright 
registrations included with the Licensed Marks and Licensed Works at its 
sole expense.  LICENSOR shall, at its sole discretion, take all reasonable 
steps to maintain all patents, trademarks and other intellectual property 
rights during the term of this Agreement, including the payment of all 
maintenance and renewal fees and necessary documentation.
 
 
 
7
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 


SECTION XI. CONFIDENTIALITY

11.1 All information relating to the Licensed Subject Matter or any 
know-how relating thereto and all information exchanged between the parties 
including sales information, marketing plans, the identities of customers, 
financial information, development plans, and technical information, shall 
be deemed “Confidential Material” hereunder.  The term “Confidential 
Material” does not include information which (a) is now, or hereafter 
becomes, through no act or failure to act on the part of the receiving 
party, generally known or available; (b) is known by the receiving party at 
the time of receiving such information as evidenced by its records; (c) is 
hereafter furnished to the receiving party by a third party, as a matter of 
right and without restriction on disclosure; or (d) is the subject of a 
written permission to disclose provided by the disclosing party.

11.2 The receiving party shall use Confidential Material only as permitted 
or contemplated by this Agreement and keep Confidential Material received 
from the disclosing party confidential and will not disclose any of the 
Confidential Material in any manner whatsoever; provided, however, that (i) 
any such information may be disclosed to the receiving party’s employees 
and agents who need to know such information for the purpose of carrying 
out the receiving party’s obligations hereunder, (ii) subject to the 
requirements of this Agreement, LICENSEE may disclose the Confidential 
Material to any third party involved in the manufacture or distribution of 
the Game, (iii) either party may make any disclosure required by court 
order or by any state or federal law, rule or regulation (including the 
rules of a national security exchange) after first giving notice to the 
disclosing party, and (iv) either party may disclose the Confidential 
Material to the extent necessary to exercise the rights and perform the 
obligations hereunder; provided any disclosure to third parties allowable 
hereunder shall only be made under a separate confidentiality agreement 
with such third party no less restrictive than the terms hereof.

11.3 Such obligations of confidentiality and non-disclosure hereunder are 
perpetual and shall survive termination of this Agreement for any reason


SECTION XII. INSURANCE

12.1           The parties shall at all times during the term of this 
Agreement maintain insurance coverage with respect to the risks for which 
indemnity is granted to the other party hereunder.  Such coverage shall be 
in such amounts and with such carrier or carriers as are reasonably 
acceptable to the other party.  However, there is no requirement for either 
party to maintain such insurance.
 
 
 
8
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 


SECTION XIII. NOTICES

13.1           Any notices required under this Agreement shall be made by 
the parties to the following addresses:

If to LICENSOR:

Nicholas M. Sorge Sr.
7 Susan Court
Deer Park, NY 11729

If to LICENSEE:

Empire Global Gaming Inc.
555 Woodside Avenue
Bellport, NY 11713


SECTION XIV. GENERAL

14.1 LICENSEE shall be primarily responsible for obtaining all required 
regulatory Game approvals and shall be solely responsible for payment of 
gaming application and license fees.  LICENSOR and LICENSEE agree to 
cooperate regarding all regulatory approval required for the Game.

14.2 LICNESEE agrees to mark all products covered by an issued patent 
included within the Licensed Patents which are sold, made public, or 
otherwise disposed of under the license granted herein with the words 
“[Country of Patent’ Patent No.” and the numbers of the patent(s).  
LICENSEE agrees to use the symbol ® or ™ (as appropriate) on or in 
connection with all goods and services rendered under the Licensed Marks.

14.3 This Agreement is intended solely as a license agreement and no 
partnership, joint venture, employment, agency, franchise, or other form of 
agreement or relationship is intended.  Neither party shall hold themselves 
out as an agent or representative of the other.

14.4 This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the parties 
with respect to its subject matter and all prior agreements, understandings 
and negotiations, both written and oral, between the parties with respect 
to the subject matter hereof are superseded by this Agreement.  This 
Agreement shall be binding on and inure to the benefit of the parties 
hereto and their respective successors and permitted assigns.

14.5 The waiver by either party of a breach of any provision contained 
herein shall be in writing and shall in no way be construed as a waiver of 
any subsequent breach thereof.

14.6 If any provisions of this Agreement shall be invalid or unenforceable, 
such invalidity or unenforceability shall not render the entire Agreement 
invalid.  Rather, the Agreement shall be construed as if not containing the 
particular invalid or unenforceable provision, and the rights and 
obligations of each party shall be construed and enforced accordingly.
 
 
 
9
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

14.7 No amendment, modification or addendum will be effective unless 
reduced to a writing signed by a duly authorized officer of both parties.  
No term or provision hereof will be deemed waived an no breach excused 
unless such waiver or consent will be in writing and signed by an 
authorized officer of the party claimed to have waived or consented.  
Failure by either party hereto to insist upon strict conformance to any 
term herein in the event of a breach of default, shall not be construed as 
a consent or waiver of that breach or default of any subsequent breach or 
default of the same or of any other term contained herein.

14.8 This Agreement shall be governed and construed in accordance with the 
laws of the State of Nevada without regard to conflict of laws principles.  
The parties hereto submit and agree to the exclusive jurisdiction of the 
U.S. District court for the District of Nevada.  This provision will 
survive expiration or termination of this Agreement for any reason.


IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Agreement 
intending to be legally bound.
Nicholas M. Sorge Sr.


 
__________________________________

 
By: Nicholas M. Sorge Sr.
 
Owner: _____________________

 
Date:   May 12, 2010



 
EMPIRE GLOBAL GAMING, INC.


 
__________________________________
 
By: Nicholas M. Sorge Sr.
 
Title:  President

 
Date:  May 12, 2010


 
__________________________________
By: Dolores Marsh
Title: Secretary/Treasurer

Date:   May 12, 2010
 
 
 
10
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
SCHEDULE A
LICENSED MARKS

Balanced American Roulette

SCHEDULE B
LICENSED PATENTS

Patent #US 7,588,250 B2 (Expiration Date  March 24, 2026)
 
Patent #US 7,566,056 B2 (Expiration Date  February 10, 2027)
 
Patent #US 7,637,503 B2 (Expiration Date  January 4, 2028)
 
Patent #US 7,694,971 B2 (Expiration Date  October 29, 2027)
 

SCHEDULE C
LICENSED WORKS – N/A


SCHEDULE D
LICENSEE MARKS

SCHEDULE E


Royalty Rate
Number of Tables
15%
1-149
17.5%
150-249
20%
250-399
22.5%
400-499
25%
500-649
27.5%
650-749
30%
750-899
33%
900+



11
------------------------------------------------------------------------


 