 EX-10.11 10 ex10_11.htm EXECUTIVE SEVERANCE AGREEMENT
Exhibit 10.11
 
EXECUTIVE SEVERANCE AGREEMENT
 
This Severance Agreement (the “Agreement”) is made by and between SanDisk 
Corporation (the “Company”) and Sanjay Mehrotra (“Executive”).

WHEREAS, the Board of Directors of the Company has appointed Executive the 
Chief Executive Officer of the Company effective January 1, 2011;

WHEREAS, the Company and Executive have entered into an agreement providing 
for certain benefits upon a termination of Executive’s employment after a 
change in control in that certain Change in Control Agreement dated May 20, 
2004, as amended on December 15, 2008, which agreement shall be superseded 
as of January 1, 2011, by the Change in Control Agreement entered into 
between the Company and Executive on or about July 22, 2010; and,

WHEREAS, the Company and Executive now desire to provide for certain terms 
and conditions that apply to a termination for other than cause in 
circumstances where the Change in Control Agreement does not apply;

NOW, THEREFORE, THE PARTIES AGREE AS FOLLOWS:

   I. Severance Payments and Benefits.  In the event that there is an
   Involuntary Termination (as defined below) of Executive’s employment
   with the Company, subject to the obligations and conditions set forth in
   Section IV and V below, and subject to the superseding applicability of
   the Change of Control Agreement if its terms then apply, Executive shall
   be entitled to receive the following:
 
     A. Cash Severance.  Payment in cash as severance pay to the Executive
     an amount equal to two (2) times the Executive’s annual base salary
     (before any material reduction in Executive’s rate of base salary that
     would constitute an Involuntary Termination), less required taxes. 
     Such payment shall be at the rate in effect immediately prior to the
     Executive’s Involuntary Termination (and not including any bonus,
     except as provided below), payable in one lump sum 10 business days
     after the later of the following has occurred, and  provided that, (i)
     Executive has timely executed (and not revoked) a general release and
     waiver of all employment-related claims in the form attached to this
     Agreement as Exhibit A (the "General Release") and (ii) any period of
     revocation applicable to such General Release has passed; provided 
     further, that the General Release shall be made available to Executive
     no later than five (5) days following the date of Executive's
     termination of employment.
 
     B. Annual Cash Incentive Plan.  If there is an Involuntary
     Termination, Executive will be entitled to a prorated bonus under the
     Company’s annual cash incentive award program, based upon actual
     performance against the applicable performance goal or goals for the
     relevant period and payable at the same time as payments are made to
     other participants in that cash incentive plan.
 
     C. Health Care Coverage.  For a total of up to twenty-four (24) full
     calendar months immediately following the Executive’s Involuntary
     Termination, continued coverage under the Company’s medical and dental
     benefit plans, without charge to Executive for any premium, for
     Executive, Executive’s spouse and/or Executive’s eligible dependents. 
     If the Executive becomes eligible for coverage under the health plan
     of a future employer and that health plan’s coverage is substantially
     similar to the coverage the Company provides, the Company’s obligation
     to provide such continued health and dental coverage shall cease on
     the date. For purposes of this Section I.C, any preexisting condition
     not covered by a future employer’s health plan will weigh against a
     determination that the coverage is substantially similar to the
     coverage the Company provides. Any other coverage which Executive,
     Executive’s spouse and/or Executive’s dependents may elect during or
     after the twenty-four (24) month period of Company-paid coverage,
     pursuant to COBRA or otherwise, shall be at the sole cost and expense
     of Executive.
 
     D. Accelerated Vesting.  Any stock options or other stock awards
     (which term includes, without limitation, stock appreciation rights,
     restricted stock, and performance based grants (which shall be deemed
     during the below-referenced twenty four month period as having the
     required performance met to the extent the specified performance was
     required to met within such twenty-four months), whether payable in
     cash or stock for purposes of this Agreement) granted to the Executive
     by the Company that are outstanding immediately prior to but have not
     vested as of the date of the termination, but which would vest within
     twenty-four (24) months after such date of termination, shall become
     100% vested as of the date of the termination.
 
 
1
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
      
     E. Exercise Period. Any option or similar award may be exercised by
     the Executive for one (1) year (notwithstanding any term of the option
     providing for exercise within a shorter period after termination)
     following the date of Executive’s Involuntary Termination (subject to
     the maximum term of the option (generally seven years from the date of
     grant of the option) and further subject to any right that the Company
     may have to terminate the options in connection with a Change of
     Control (as defined in the Change in Control Agreement)).
 
     F. Executive Outplacement Services.  For a period of twelve (12)
     months following Executive’s date of termination, the Company shall,
     at the Company’s expense, provide for executive-level outplacement
     services to Executive, if requested, which shall include at least the
     following services: (i) resume assistance, (ii) career evaluation and
     assessment, (iii) individual career counseling, (iv) access to one or
     more on-line employment databases (with research assistance provided),
     and (v) administrative support provided Monday through Friday, except
     for scheduled holidays.
 
     G. Mitigation. Executive shall not be required to mitigate the amount
     of any payment provided for in this Section I by seeking other
     employment or otherwise, nor shall any compensation or other payments
     received by the Executive from a third-party after the date of
     termination reduce any payments due under this Section I.
 
   II. Executive Obligations.   In consideration of the foregoing, to the
   extent enforceable under governing law, Executive agrees that for a
   period of one (1) year from the date of termination he shall not (a)
   enter into or engage in any business throughout the world that competes
   with the Company’s business (semiconductor memory and system level
   design and/or manufacturing) or directly promote or assist, financially
   or otherwise, any person or entity that engages in any business that
   competes with the Company’s business; and (b) not solicit any of the
   Company’s employees to resign from their employment at the Company.
 
   III. Definitions.  For the purposes of this Agreement, the following
   definitions shall apply:
 
     A. “Involuntary Termination” shall exclude any termination of
     Executive’s employment by reason of Executive’s resignation (except as
     provided below), Executive’s death or due to Executive’s Disability
     (as defined below) or by the Company for Cause (as defined below), and
     shall mean:
 
     1. any other termination of Executive’s employment by Company;
      
     2. Executive’s resignation after the occurrence of one of the
     following:
 
            a. a material reduction in Executive’s rate of base salary,
            unless the reduction is part of an overall reduction for all
            Executives at the same level as Executive;
 
            b. a relocation by the Company of Executive’s place of
            employment by more than thirty (30) miles, without Executive’s
            written consent;
 
            c. a material reduction in the level of Executive’s duties and
            responsibilities; or
 
            d. any material breach by the Company of any provision of this
            Agreement or any other agreement between the Executive and the
            Company.
 
     provided, further, Executive must resign within 180 days of the
     initial occurrence of any of the foregoing circumstances and must
     provide written notice to the Company through the highest level
     executive of its human resources department (or the equivalent) within
     ninety (90) days of the first occurrence of a, b, c, or d above, and
     the Company shall have had a period of thirty (30) days to cure the
     action(s) described in the notice given by the Executive.

     B. A termination for “Cause” shall mean termination of Executive’s
     employment by the Company for any of the following reasons:  (i) fraud
     or other willful misconduct with respect to the Company’s business,
     (ii) gross negligence in the performance of duties, or (iii)
     conviction or plea of nolo contendere to a felony. The Company will
     give the Executive written notice of its intention to terminate the
     Executive for Cause. The notice will (i) state the particular
     circumstances that constitute the grounds on which the proposed
     termination for Cause is based, and (ii) be given no later than ninety
     (90) days after the occurrence of the event giving rise to such
     grounds. The Executive will have thirty (30) days after receiving this
     notice to cure such grounds, if curable. If the Executive fails to
     substantially cure such grounds within this thirty-day (30-day)
     period, the Executive’s employment with the Company will terminate for
     Cause immediately thereafter
      
 
2
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
      
     C.          "Disability" shall be deemed to exist if a medical doctor
     selected by the Company certifies that Executive is unable, despite
     reasonable accommodation, to perform the essential functions of
     Executive's current position due to physical or mental illness, injury
     or other medical condition for a period of not less than six (6) full
     months in any twelve (12) month period.

   IV. Conditions Upon Payment.  No severance payments or benefits shall be
   made pursuant to Section I herein unless and until Executive executes
   (and does not revoke, as applicable) the General Release, as set forth
   in Exhibit A.  If Executive is entitled to benefits under the Workers
   Adjustment Retraining Notification Act of 1988, the California Labor
   Code section 1400 et seq. or any similar state or local statute
   (together the "WARN Act"), Executive's payments paid pursuant to this
   Agreement shall be reduced dollar for dollar by any benefits received
   under the WARN Act.
 
   V. Section 409A.  It is intended that this Agreement shall comply with
   the provisions of Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code and the
   regulations and guidance promulgated thereunder (“Section 409A”) so as
   not to subject Executive to the payment of additional taxes and interest
   under Section 409A.  In furtherance of this intent, this Agreement shall
   be interpreted, operated, and administered in a manner consistent with
   these intentions, and to the extent that any regulations or other
   guidance issued under Section 409A would result in Executive being
   subject to payment of additional income taxes or interest under Section
   409A, the Company agrees to amend this Agreement as may be necessary in
   order to avoid the application of such taxes or interest under Section
   409A.  Notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary, to the
   extent required in order to avoid accelerated taxation and/or tax
   penalties under Section 409A, Executive shall not be considered to have
   terminated employment with the Company for purposes of the Agreement and
   no payments shall be due to him under the Agreement which are payable
   upon his termination of employment until he would be considered to have
   incurred a "separation from service" from the Company within the meaning
   of Section 409A.  To the extent required in order to avoid accelerated
   taxation and/or tax penalties under Section 409A, amounts that would
   otherwise be payable and benefits that would otherwise be provided
   pursuant to the Agreement during the six-month period immediately
   following Executive’s termination of employment shall instead be paid
   within thirty (30) days following the first business day after the date
   that is six months following his termination of employment (or upon his
   death, if earlier).  In addition, for purposes of this Agreement, each
   amount to be paid or benefit to be provided to Executive pursuant to
   this Agreement shall be construed as a separate identified payment for
   purposes of Section 409A.
 
   VI. Successors.  Subject in the first instance to the applicability of
   the Change in Control Agreement, which shall supersede this Agreement if
   its terms are applicable, any successor (or parent thereof) to the
   Company (whether direct or indirect and whether by purchase, lease,
   merger, consolidation, liquidation or otherwise) or to all or
   substantially all of the Company’s business and/or assets shall assume
   the obligations under this Agreement and agree expressly to perform the
   obligations under this Agreement in the same manner and to the same
   extent as the Company would be required to perform such obligations in
   the absence of a succession.  For all purposes under this Agreement, the
   term "Company" shall include any successor (or parent thereof) to the
   Company’s business and/or assets.  All rights of the Executive hereunder
   shall inure to the benefit of, and be enforceable by, the Executive’s
   personal or legal representatives, executors, administrators,
   successors, heirs, devisees and legatees.  Executive shall have no right
   to assign any of his obligations or duties under this Agreement to any
   other person or entity.
 
   VII. Governing Law.  The validity, interpretation, construction and
   performance of this Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the State
   of California, without regard to its choice of law rules.
 
   VIII. Waiver/Modification.  No provision of this Agreement shall be
   amended, modified, waived or discharged unless the modification, waiver
   or discharge is agreed to in writing and signed by the Executive and by
   an authorized officer of the Company (other than the Executive).  No
   waiver by either party of any breach of, or of compliance with, any
   condition or provision of this Agreement by the other party shall be
   considered a waiver of any other condition or provision or of the same
   condition or provision at another time.
 
   IX. Counterparts.  This Agreement may be executed in counterparts, each
   of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which together will
   constitute one and the same instrument.
 
   X. Prior Agreements.  This Agreement shall supersede all prior
   arrangements, whether written or oral, and understandings regarding the
   subject matter of this Agreement.
 
   XI. Severability.  The invalidity or unenforceability of any provision
   or provisions of this Agreement shall not affect the validity or
   enforceability of any other provision hereof, which shall remain in full
   force and effect.
 
 
 
3
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
   XII. No Representations.  Each party acknowledges that he or she or it
   is not relying and has not relied on any promise, representation or
   statement made by or on behalf of the other party that is not set forth
   in this Agreement.
 
   XIII. Notices. Notices and all other communications contemplated by this
   Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly
   given when personally delivered or when mailed by U.S. registered or
   certified mail, return receipt requested and postage prepaid.  In the
   case of the Executive, mailed notices shall be addressed to him or her
   at the most recent home address on file with the Company.  In the case
   of the Company, mailed notices shall be addressed to its corporate
   headquarters and directed to the attention of its Chief Legal Officer.
 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties below, duly authorized, hereby agree to the 
terms and conditions of this Agreement effective as of January 1, 2011.
 
SanDisk Corporation
 
 
 By: 	 /s/ Irwin Federman 	 Dated:  	  7/28/10 	 
 Name: 	 Irwin Federman 	 
 Title:    	 Vice Chairman 	 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
4
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 