 EX-10.1 2 ex10-1.htm
 
Exhibit 10.1
 
NOTE PURCHASE AGREEMENT
 
This Note Purchase Agreement, dated as of February 6, 2017 (this “
Agreement”), is entered into by and between Bone Biologics Corporation, a 
Delaware corporation, (the “Company”) and Hankey Capital, LLC (“HIC”) and 
The Musculoskeletal Transplant Foundation (“MTF”) (each an “Investor” and 
collectively the “Investors”).
 
RECITALS
 
A. The Company is offering an aggregate of $2,000,000 principal amount of 
its secured convertible promissory notes (each, a “Note” and collectively, 
the “Notes”).
 
B. On the terms and subject to the conditions set forth herein, each 
Investor is willing to purchase from the Company, and the Company is 
willing to sell to Investor, a Note in the principal amount of $1,000,000 
(the “Purchase Price”).
 
C. Capitalized terms not otherwise defined herein shall have the meaning 
set forth in the Note.
 
AGREEMENT
 
NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing, and the representations, 
warranties, and conditions set forth below, the parties hereto, intending 
to be legally bound, hereby agree as follows:
 
1. The Notes.
 
(a) Issuance of Notes. Subject to all of the terms and conditions hereof, 
the Company agrees to issue and sell to each Investor, and each Investor 
agrees to purchase, a Note in the principal amount of the Purchase Price.
 
(b) Delivery. The sale and purchase of the Note shall take place at a 
closing (the “Closing”) to be held at such place and time as the Company 
and the Investors may determine following satisfaction or waiver of the 
conditions set forth herein (the “Closing Date”). At the Closing, the 
Company will deliver to each Investor a Note against receipt by the Company 
of the Purchase Price in immediately available funds.
 
(c) Use of Proceeds. The proceeds of the sale and issuance of the Notes 
shall be used to focus on prioritizing operations on essential research and 
development activities. For avoidance of doubt, no cash payments may be 
made pursuant to those certain Professional Service Agreements between the 
Company and each of Chia Soo, Kang Ting and Ben Wu (the “Founders”).
 
(d) Payments. The Company will make all cash payments due under the Notes 
in immediately available funds by 1:00 p.m. eastern time on the date such 
payments are due.
 
2. Representations and Warranties of the Company. The Company represents 
and warrants to each Investor that:
 
(a) Due Incorporation, Qualification, etc. The Company (i) is a corporation 
duly incorporated, and is validly existing under, the laws of the state of 
Delaware; (ii) has the power and authority to own, lease and operate its 
properties and carry on its business as now conducted; and (iii) is duly 
qualified, licensed to do business and in good standing as a foreign entity 
in each jurisdiction where the failure to be so qualified or licensed could 
reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on the Company.
 
1

 
 
(b) Authority. The execution, delivery and performance by the Company of 
this Agreement and the Notes (collectively, the “Loan Documents”) and the 
consummation of the transactions contemplated thereby (i) are within the 
power of the Company and (ii) have been duly authorized by all necessary 
actions on the part of the Company.
 
(c) Enforceability. The Loan Documents have been duly executed and 
delivered by the Company and constitute, or will constitute, a legal, valid 
and binding obligation of the Company, enforceable against the Company in 
accordance with their terms, except as limited by bankruptcy, insolvency or 
other laws of general application relating to or affecting the enforcement 
of creditors’ rights generally and general principles of equity.
 
(d) Non-Contravention. The execution and delivery by the Company of the 
Loan Documents and the performance and consummation of the transactions 
contemplated thereby do not and will not (i) violate the Company’s 
Certificate of Incorporation or By-Laws (as amended, the “Charter Documents
”) or any material judgment, order, writ, decree, statute, rule or 
regulation applicable to the Company; (ii) violate any provision of, or 
result in the breach or the acceleration of, or entitle any other Person to 
accelerate (whether after the giving of notice or lapse of time or both), 
any material mortgage, indenture, agreement, instrument or contract to 
which the Company is a party or by which it is bound; or (iii) other than 
the security interest created upon issuance of the Notes, result in the 
creation or imposition of any lien upon any property, asset or revenue of 
the Company or the suspension, revocation, impairment, forfeiture, or 
nonrenewal of any material permit, license, authorization or approval 
applicable to the Company, its business or operations, or any of its assets 
or properties.
 
(e) Approvals. No consent, approval, order or authorization of, or 
registration, declaration or filing with, any governmental authority or 
other Person is required in connection with the execution and delivery of 
this Agreement or the Notes and the performance and consummation of the 
transactions contemplated thereby, other than such as have been obtained 
and remain in full force and effect and other than such qualifications or 
filings under applicable securities laws as may be required in connection 
with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.
 
(f) No Violation or Default. To the knowledge of the Company, it is not in 
violation of or in default with respect to (i) its Charter Documents or any 
material judgment, order, writ, decree, statute, rule or regulation 
applicable to it; or (ii) any material mortgage, indenture, agreement, 
instrument or contract to which the Company is a party or by which it is 
bound (nor is there any waiver in effect which, if not in effect, would 
result in such a violation or default), where, in each case, such violation 
or default, individually, or together with all such violations or defaults, 
could reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on the 
Company.
 
(g) Intellectual Property. To its knowledge, the Company owns or possesses 
(or can obtain on commercially reasonable terms) sufficient legal rights to 
all patents, trademarks, service marks, trade names, copyrights, trade 
secrets, licenses, information, processes and other intellectual property 
rights necessary for its business as now conducted and as proposed to be 
conducted, without any conflict with, or infringement of the rights of, 
others.
 
(h) Accuracy of Information Furnished. The Company has given Investor 
access to the corporate records and accounts of the Company and to all 
information in its possession relating to the Company, has made its 
officers and representatives available for interview by the Investor, and 
has furnished such Investor with all documents and other information 
required for the Investor to make an informed decision with respect to the 
purchase of the Notes. Neither the Loan Documents nor any of the other 
certificates, statements or information furnished to Investors by or on 
behalf of the Company in connection with the transactions contemplated 
thereby contains or will contain any untrue statement of a material fact or 
omits or will omit to state a material fact necessary to make the 
statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were 
made, not misleading.
 
2

 
 
3. Representations and Warranties of Each Investor. Each Investor 
represents and warrants to the Company upon the acquisition of a Note as 
follows:
 
(a) Binding Obligation. Investor has full legal capacity, power and 
authority to execute and deliver this Agreement and to perform its 
obligations hereunder. The Loan Documents constitute valid and binding 
obligations of Investor, enforceable in accordance with their terms, except 
as limited by bankruptcy, insolvency or other laws of general application 
relating to or affecting the enforcement of creditors’ rights generally and 
general principles of equity.
 
(b) Securities Law Compliance. Investor has been advised that the Notes and 
the underlying securities have not been registered under the Securities Act 
of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”), or any state securities laws 
and, therefore, cannot be resold unless they are registered under the 
Securities Act and applicable state securities laws or unless an exemption 
from such registration requirements is available. Investor is aware that 
the Company is under no obligation to effect any such registration with 
respect to the Notes or the underlying securities or to file for or comply 
with any exemption from registration. Investor has not been formed solely 
for the purpose of making this investment and is purchasing the Notes for 
its own account for investment, not as a nominee or agent, and not with a 
view to, or for resale in connection with, the distribution thereof, and 
Investor has no present intention of selling, granting any participation 
in, or otherwise distributing the same. Investor has such knowledge and 
experience in financial and business matters that Investor is capable of 
evaluating the merits and risks of such investment, is able to incur a 
complete loss of such investment without impairing Investor’s financial 
condition and is able to bear the economic risk of such investment for an 
indefinite period of time. Investor is an accredited investor as such term 
is defined in Rule 501 of Regulation D under the Securities Act and shall 
submit to the Company such further assurances of such status as may be 
reasonably requested by the Company.
 
4. Conditions to Closing of the Investors. Each Investor’s obligations at 
the Closing are subject to the fulfillment, on or prior to the Closing 
Date, of all of the following conditions, any of which may be waived in 
whole or in part by all of such Investor:
 
(a) Representations and Warranties. The representations and warranties made 
by the Company in Section 2 hereof shall have been true and correct when 
made, and shall be true and correct on the Closing Date.
 
(b) Governmental Approvals and Filings. Except for any notices required or 
permitted to be filed after the Closing Date with certain federal and state 
securities commissions, the Company shall have obtained all governmental 
approvals required in connection with the lawful sale and issuance of the 
Note.
 
(c) Transaction Documents. The Company shall have duly executed and 
delivered to the Investor the Loan Documents.
 
(d) Funding. The Company shall have received an aggregate amount of 
$2,000,000 from the Investors.
 
3

 
 
5. Conditions to Obligations of the Company. The Company’s obligation to 
issue and sell the Notes at the Closing is subject to the fulfillment, on 
or prior to the Closing Date, of the following conditions, any of which may 
be waived in whole or in part by the Company:
 
(a) Representations and Warranties. The representations and warranties made 
by the Investors in Section 3 hereof shall be true and correct when made, 
and shall be true and correct on the Closing Date.
 
(b) Governmental Approvals and Filings. Except for any notices required or 
permitted to be filed after the Closing Date with certain federal and state 
securities commissions, the Company shall have obtained all governmental 
approvals required in connection with the lawful sale and issuance of the 
Notes.
 
(c) Purchase Price. Each Investor shall have delivered to the Company the 
Purchase Price in respect of the Note being purchased by such Investor 
referenced in Section 1(b) hereof.
 
6. Covenants of the Company. From the date of Closing through the earliest 
to occur of the Maturity Date or the Mandatory Conversion of the Notes, the 
Company agrees as follows:
 
(a) The Company shall take all necessary steps to (i) focus on prioritizing 
operations on essential research and development activities, (ii) complete 
any existing ongoing studies, (iii) continue to seek outside funding and 
(iv) file all required documents with the Securities and Exchange 
Commission.
 
(b) Within ninety days of the Closing, the Company will investigate and 
report to its board of directors the potential benefits and disadvantages 
of taking the Company private.
 
(c) The Company shall not enter into any new agreements with any Founder 
which requires the Company to make cash payments or provide cash 
compensation to any Founder until such time as the Company has received at 
least $10,000,000 in gross proceeds from funding from non-current 
stockholders.
 
7. Miscellaneous.
 
(a) Waivers and Amendments. Any provision of this Agreement and the Notes 
may be amended, waived or modified only upon the written consent of the 
Company and the Investors.
 
(b) Governing Law. This Agreement and all actions arising out of or in 
connection with this Agreement shall be governed by and construed in 
accordance with the laws of the State of California, without regard to the 
conflicts of law provisions of the State of California or of any other 
state.
 
(c) Survival. The representations, warranties, covenants and agreements 
made herein shall survive the execution and delivery of this Agreement.
 
(d) Successors and Assigns. Subject to the restrictions on transfer 
described in Sections 7(e) below, the rights and obligations of the Company 
and the Investor shall be binding upon and benefit the successors, assigns, 
heirs, administrators and transferees of the parties.
 
(e) Assignment by the Company. The rights, interests or obligations 
hereunder may not be assigned, by operation of law or otherwise, in whole 
or in part, by the Company without the prior written consent of the 
Investors. Any such impermissible assignment shall be void.
 
4

 
 
(f) Entire Agreement. This Agreement together with the other Loan Documents 
constitute and contain the entire agreement among the Company and Investor 
and supersede any and all prior agreements, negotiations, correspondence, 
understandings and communications among the parties, whether written or 
oral, respecting the subject matter hereof.
 
(g) Notices. All notices, requests, demands, consents, instructions or 
other communications required or permitted hereunder shall in writing and 
faxed, mailed or delivered to each party as follows: (i) if to an Investor, 
at such Investor’s address or facsimile number set forth in Schedule I, or 
at such other address as such Investor shall have furnished the Company in 
writing, or (ii) if to the Company, at the Company’s address or facsimile 
number set forth on the signature page to this Agreement, or at such other 
address or facsimile number as the Company shall have furnished to the 
Investor in writing. All such notices and communications will be deemed 
effectively given the earlier of (i) when received, (ii) when delivered 
personally, (iii) one business day after being delivered by facsimile (with 
receipt of appropriate confirmation), (iv) one business day after being 
deposited with an overnight courier service of recognized standing or (v) 
four days after being deposited in the U.S. mail, first class with postage 
prepaid.
 
(h) Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in one or more 
counterparts, each of which will be deemed an original, but all of which 
together will constitute one and the same agreement. Facsimile copies of 
signed signature pages will be deemed binding originals.
 
(Signature Page Follows)
 
5

 
 
The parties have caused this Agreement to be duly executed and delivered by 
their proper and duly authorized officers as of the date first written 
above.
 
  	INVESTORS:
  	  	 
  	The Musculoskeletal Transplant Foundation
  	Name of Investor
  	  	 
  	By: 	 
  	Name: 	 
  	Title: 	 
  	  	 
  	Hankey Capital, LLC
  	Name of Investor
  	  	 
  	By: 	 
  	Name: 	 
  	Title: 	 
  	  	 
  	COMPANY:
  	  	 
  	Bone Biologics Corporation
  	  	 
  	By: 	 
  	Name: 	 
  	  	Authorized Signatory
  	Title: 	 
 
6

 
 