 EX-10.1 2 airg-ex101_346.htm EX-10.1
 
Exhibit 10.1

ASSET PURCHASE AGREEMENT

This Asset Purchase Agreement (this “Agreement”), dated as of April 7, 
2017, is entered into by and between MCA Financial Group, Ltd., as the 
appointed receiver for Antenna Plus, LLC (“Seller”), and Airgain, Inc., a 
Delaware corporation (“Buyer”).

RECITALS

WHEREAS, Seller wishes to sell and assign to Buyer, and Buyer wishes to 
purchase and assume from Seller, the rights and obligations of Seller to 
the Purchased Assets and the Assumed Liabilities (as defined herein), 
subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein;

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants and agreements 
hereinafter set forth and for other good and valuable consideration, the 
receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties 
hereto agree as follows:

ARTICLE I
PURCHASE AND SALE

Section 1.01 Purchase and Sale of Assets. Subject to the terms and 
conditions set forth herein, Seller shall sell, assign, transfer, convey 
and deliver to Buyer, and Buyer shall purchase from Seller, free and clear 
of any mortgage, pledge, lien, charge, security interest, claim or other 
encumbrance (“Encumbrances”), other than Permitted Encumbrances (as defined 
below), all of Seller’s right, title and interest in and to all of the 
assets of Seller, wherever located and whether now existing or hereafter 
acquired (other than the Excluded Assets) (collectively, the “Purchased 
Assets”), including, without limitation, the assets set forth on Schedules 
1.01a-f attached hereto. As used herein, “Permitted Encumbrances” means, 
collectively: (i) any Encumbrance arising in connection with the Assumed 
Liabilities (as defined below); (ii) any Encumbrance arising in connection 
with that certain Ruling on Ownership of New Antenna Design issued by Judge 
Roger E. Brodman with respect to the matter captioned William J. 
Liimatainen v. Kevin M. Thill, et al., Maricopa County Superior Court Case 
No. CV2016-000743 (the “Ruling”) or any appeal thereof or any of the 
matters set forth therein; or (iii) any Encumbrance with respect to which, 
as of the Closing Date and after reasonable investigation (which reasonable 
investigation shall be satisfied upon review of UCC lien searches, federal 
and state tax lien searches and judgment searches conducted in Maricopa 
County, Arizona and Lafayette County, Wisconsin within sixty (60) days 
prior to the Closing Date), the Seller, Stacie Witten and/or Karrilyn M. 
Thomas have no actual knowledge.

Section 1.02 Excluded Assets.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Purchased 
Assets shall not include: (i) all cash and cash equivalents, bank accounts 
and securities of Seller; (ii) the organizational documents, minute books, 
tax returns, books of account or other records having to do with the 
organization of Seller; (iii) the rights which accrue or will accrue to 
Seller under this Agreement and the other agreements, instruments and 
documents required to be delivered hereunder; and (iv) any structures or 
non-movable assets of Seller located on the Thill’s Concho Valley, Arizona 
property (collectively, the “Excluded Assets”).

Section 1.03 Assumption of Liabilities. Subject to the terms and conditions 
set forth herein, Buyer shall assume and agrees to pay, perform and 
discharge those liabilities and obligations set forth on (i) Schedule 1.03a 
attached hereto which are not past-due as of the Effective Time, and (ii) 
Schedule 1.03b attached hereto to the extent relating to circumstances or 
events occurring after the Closing Date which are not based on or do not 
result from any liability, obligation or delinquency arising on or before 
the Closing Date. (collectively, the “Assumed Liabilities”).  Other than 
the Assumed Liabilities, Buyer shall not assume any liabilities or 
obligations of Seller of any kind, whether known or unknown, contingent, 
matured or otherwise, whether currently existing or hereinafter created.
 

 

QB\43503538.9
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
Section 1.04 Purchase Price. The aggregate purchase price for the Purchased 
Assets shall be $$6,383,500.00 (the “Purchase Price”), plus the assumption 
of the Assumed Liabilities. Buyer shall pay the Purchase Price to Seller at 
the Closing in cash, by wire transfer of immediately available funds in 
accordance with the wire transfer instructions set forth in writing by 
Seller to Buyer.

Section 1.05 Purchase Price Adjustment.

(a)Defined Terms. As used in this Section 1.05, the following terms shall 
have the meanings set forth below.

(i)“Closing Working Capital” means (x) the Current Assets of Seller less 
(y) the Current Liabilities of Seller, in each case, determined as of the 
Effective Time.

(ii)“Current Assets” means inventory and current accounts receivable of 
Seller included in the Purchased Assets.

(iii)“Current Liabilities” means accounts payable and any other current 
liabilities of Seller included in the Assumed Liabilities.

(iv)“Target Working Capital” means $931,737.04, which amount is calculated 
and based upon the Seller’s unaudited balance sheet as at February 6, 2017 
(“Balance Sheet”).

(b)Post-Closing Adjustment. Within thirty (30) days after the Closing Date, 
Buyer shall prepare and deliver to Seller a statement setting forth its 
calculation of Closing Working Capital (the “Closing Working Capital 
Statement”) using the same principles, policies and practices which were 
used in the Balance Sheet. The post-closing adjustment shall be an amount 
equal to the Closing Working Capital minus the Target Working Capital (the 
“Post-Closing Adjustment”).

(c)Examination and Review.

(i)After receipt of the Closing Working Capital Statement, Seller shall 
have fifteen (15) days (the “Review Period”) to review the Closing Working 
Capital Statement. During the Review Period, Seller and its accountants 
shall have full access to the relevant books and records of Buyer, the 
personnel of, and work papers prepared by, Buyer and/or its accountants to 
the extent that they relate to the Closing Working Capital Statement and to 
such historical financial information (to the extent in Buyer’s possession) 
relating to the Closing Working Capital Statement as Seller may reasonably 
request for the purpose of reviewing the Closing Working Capital Statement 
and to prepare a Statement of Objections; provided, that such access shall 
be in a manner that does not interfere with the normal business operations 
of Buyer.

(ii)On or prior to the last day of the Review Period, Seller may object to 
the Closing Working Capital Statement by delivering to Buyer a written 
statement setting forth Seller’s objections in reasonable detail, 
indicating each disputed item or amount and the basis for Seller’s 
disagreement therewith (the “Statement of Objections”). If Seller fails to 
deliver a Statement of Objections before the expiration of the Review 
Period, then the Closing Working Capital Statement and the Post-Closing 
Adjustment, as the case may be, reflected in the Closing Working Capital 
Statement shall be deemed to have been accepted by Seller. If Seller 
delivers a Statement of Objections before the expiration of the Review 
Period, then Buyer and Seller shall negotiate in good faith to resolve such 
objections within fifteen (15) days after the delivery of a Statement of 
Objections (the “Resolution Period”), and, if the same are so resolved 
within the Resolution Period, then the Post-Closing Adjustment and the 
Closing Working Capital Statement with such changes as may have been 
previously agreed in writing by Buyer and Seller, shall be final and 
binding upon the parties hereto.

(iii)If Seller and Buyer fail to reach an agreement with respect to all of 
the matters set forth in a Statement of Objections before expiration of the 
Resolution Period, then any amounts remaining in dispute (“Disputed Amounts
”) shall be submitted for resolution to an impartial recognized firm of 
independent certified public accountants as mutually agreed upon in writing 
by Seller and Buyer (the “Independent Accountant”) who, acting as experts 
and not

2
QB\43503538.9
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

arbitrators, shall resolve the Disputed Amounts only and make any 
adjustments to the Post-Closing Adjustment, as the case may be, and the 
Closing Working Capital Statement. The parties hereto agree that all 
adjustments shall be made without regard to materiality. The Independent 
Accountant shall only decide the specific items under dispute by the 
parties and their decision for each Disputed Amount must be within the 
range of values assigned to each such item in the Closing Working Capital 
Statement and the Statement of Objections, respectively.

(iv)The fees and expenses of the Independent Accountant shall be paid by 
Seller and Buyer based upon the percentage that the amount actually 
contested but not awarded to Seller or Buyer, respectively, bears to the 
aggregate amount actually contested by Seller and Buyer.

(v)The Independent Accountant shall make a determination as soon as 
practicable within fifteen (15) days (or such other time as the parties 
hereto shall agree in writing) after their engagement, and their resolution 
of the Disputed Amounts and their adjustments to the Closing Working 
Capital Statement and/or the Post-Closing Adjustment shall be final and 
binding upon the parties hereto.

(vi)If the Post-Closing Adjustment is a positive number, then Buyer shall 
pay to Seller an amount equal to the Post-Closing Adjustment by wire 
transfer of immediately available funds to an account designated in writing 
by Seller to Buyer. If the Post-Closing Adjustment is a negative number, 
then Seller shall pay to Buyer an amount equal to the Post-Closing 
Adjustment by wire transfer of immediately available funds to an account 
designated in writing by Buyer to Seller. Any payment of the Post-Closing 
Adjustment shall be due within five (5) days after the final determination 
of the Closing Working Capital Statement and the Post-Closing Adjustment in 
accordance with this Section 1.05(c).

(d)Adjustments for Tax Purposes. Any payments made pursuant to this 
Section 1.05 shall be treated as an adjustment to the Purchase Price by the 
parties for tax purposes, unless otherwise required by applicable law and 
shall be allocable to and treated as an adjustment to the Class VI asset 
allocation on Schedule 1.06 attached hereto except to the extent there is 
an allocation to Class VII in which case it shall first be treated as an 
adjustment to the Class VII asset class.

Section 1.06 Allocation of Purchase Price. Seller and Buyer agree to 
allocate the Purchase Price among the Purchased Assets for all purposes 
(including tax and financial accounting) as set forth on Schedule 1.06 
attached hereto. Buyer and Seller shall file all tax returns (including 
amended returns and claims for refund) and information reports in a manner 
consistent with such allocation.

Section 1.07 Withholding Tax. Buyer shall be entitled to deduct and 
withhold from the Purchase Price all taxes that Buyer may be required to 
deduct and withhold under any applicable tax law. All such withheld amounts 
shall be treated as delivered to Seller hereunder.

ARTICLE II
CLOSING

Section 2.01 Closing. The closing of the transactions contemplated by this 
Agreement (the “Closing”) shall take place remotely by April 27, 2017, 
which date is no later than the date specified by the Court in the Order 
approving the Sale Procedures including such date as may be agreed to by 
the Seller and Buyer as more specifically set forth in such Order (the “
Closing Date”).  The consummation of the transactions contemplated by this 
Agreement shall be deemed to occur at 12:00 a.m. on the Closing Date (the “
Effective Time”).

Section 2.02 Closing Deliverables.

(a)At the Closing, Seller shall deliver to Buyer the following:

(i)a bill of sale in the form of Exhibit A attached hereto (the “Bill of 
Sale”) and duly executed by Seller, transferring the Purchased Assets to 
Buyer free and clear of any and all Encumbrances other than Permitted 
Encumbrances;

3
QB\43503538.9
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

(ii)an assignment and assumption agreement in the form of Exhibit B 
attached hereto (the “Assignment and Assumption Agreement”) and duly 
executed by Seller, effecting the assignment to and assumption by Buyer of 
the Purchased Assets and the Assumed Liabilities;

(iii)an assignment of intellectual property in the form of Exhibit C 
attached hereto (the “Intellectual Property Assignment”) and duly executed 
by Seller, transferring all of Seller’s right, title and interest in and to 
the patents, patent applications and all other intellectual property rights 
of Seller included in the Purchased Assets to Buyer free and clear of all 
Encumbrances other than Permitted Encumbrances; and

(iv)the original books and records included in the Purchased Assets (or, to 
the extent originals are not available, copies), and all other tangible 
Purchased Assets, and copies of any books and records included in the 
Excluded Assets, to the extent that such books and records are in Seller’s 
possession.

(b)At the Closing, Buyer shall deliver to Seller the following:

(i)the Purchase Price;

(ii)the Assignment and Assumption Agreement duly executed by Buyer; and

(iii)the Intellectual Property Assignment duly executed by Buyer.

Seller and Buyer further agree that, at Closing, they will execute and 
deliver any further documents and instruments of transfer reasonably 
requested by the other party for the purpose of transferring and conveying 
to Buyer, all property and rights to be transferred and conveyed by this 
Agreement.

ARTICLE III
COVENANTS

Section 3.01 Further Assurances. Following the Closing, each of the parties 
hereto shall execute and deliver such additional documents, instruments, 
conveyances and assurances and take such further actions as may be 
reasonably required to carry out the provisions hereof and give effect to 
the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and the documents to be 
delivered hereunder.

Section 3.02 Bulk Sales Laws. The parties hereby waive compliance with the 
provisions of any bulk sales, bulk transfer or similar laws of any 
jurisdiction that may otherwise be applicable with respect to the sale of 
any or all of the Purchased Assets to Buyer.

Section 3.03 Taxes.  All transfer, documentary, sales, use, stamp, 
registration, value added and other such taxes and fees (including any 
penalties and interest) incurred in connection with this Agreement and the 
documents to be delivered hereunder shall be borne and paid by Buyer when 
due; provided, however, such taxes shall exclude any and all federal and 
state net income taxes attributable to the net taxable income, gain, loss 
and items thereof allocable to the Seller and/or its members pursuant to 
applicable federal and state income tax laws arising from the transactions 
contemplated by this Agreement.  Buyer shall, at its own expense, timely 
file any tax return or other document with respect to such taxes or fees 
payable by Buyer. Buyer shall hold Seller harmless from and against any and 
all taxes assessed or imposed on the Purchased Assets after Closing or as a 
result of the Buyer’s ownership of the Purchased Assets on and after the 
Closing Date hereof.  Upon Buyer’s request, the Seller shall reasonably 
cooperate with Buyer in obtaining a tax clearance certificate for Seller 
from the Arizona Department of Revenue pursuant to ARS Section 42-1110; 
provided, however, that if such tax clearance certificate is not received 
by the Closing Date, then Buyer shall waive any requirement that such tax 
clearance certificate be obtained.

Section 3.04 Public Announcements. Unless otherwise required by applicable 
law, neither party hereto shall make any public announcements regarding 
this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby without the prior 
written consent of the other party (which consent shall not be unreasonably 
withheld or delayed).

4
QB\43503538.9
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

Section 3.05 Operation of Business. Commencing on the date of this 
Agreement and continuing until the Closing (the “Executory Period”), except 
as contemplated by this Agreement or in connection with the Ruling, Seller 
shall not incur any obligation or liability other than in the ordinary 
course of business, shall continue to operate the business in a manner 
consistent with past practices, and shall timely and fully discharge all of 
its debts, obligations and liabilities incurred during the Executory Period 
as they come due, other than with respect to amounts contested by Seller in 
good faith.

Section 3.06 Accounts Receivable.  After Closing, Seller shall reasonably 
cooperate with Buyer with respect to Buyer’s collection of the accounts 
receivable of the business which are outstanding as of the Closing Date.  
To the extent any of such accounts receivable are collected by Seller on or 
after the Closing Date, Seller shall immediately remit such amounts to 
Buyer and all of such accounts receivable collected by Seller and/or Buyer 
after Closing shall be applied to the customer debtor's oldest accounts 
receivable first.

Section 3.07 Third Party Consents.  During the Executory Period, the 
parties hereto shall cooperate in obtaining all necessary approvals from 
all applicable governmental authorities and other third parties to the 
transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

Section 3.08 Seller Employees.  As of the Closing Date, Seller shall 
terminate the employment of all employees of Seller, and, at Buyer’s sole 
discretion, Buyer may offer employment, on an “at will” basis, to any or 
all of such employees. Seller and Buyer shall reasonably cooperate with 
each other with respect to the transition of any employees of Seller who 
are hired by Buyer and the compliance with all applicable laws in 
connection therewith. Seller will be responsible for, and Buyer shall have 
no obligations whatsoever for, all wages, benefits and/or other payment 
obligations, including accrued vacation and sick time, of the Seller’s 
employees. Buyer will be responsible for all wages, benefits and/or other 
payment obligations, including accrued vacation and sick time, of the 
employees of Seller hired by Buyer, to the extent arising from and accruing 
during the period after the Closing Date.

Section 3.09 Access to Information. For a period commencing on the date of 
this Agreement and continuing until the date that is 120 days after the 
Closing, Seller shall provide Buyer, at Buyer’s sole cost and expense, with 
reasonable access (for the purpose of examining and copying), during normal 
business hours and after scheduling such access at least five (5) days in 
advance, and in a manner that does not unreasonably interfere with Seller’s 
business, to the personnel, books and records of Seller related to the 
business of Antenna Plus, LLC, the Purchased Assets and the Assumed 
Liabilities with respect to periods or occurrences prior to or on the 
Closing Date that the Buyer reasonably needs to comply with reporting, 
disclosure, filing or other requirements imposed on the Buyer by all 
applicable governmental authorities having jurisdiction over the Buyer in 
connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, including, 
without limitation, any requirement under applicable securities laws to 
provide audited financial statements of Seller not later than 71 calendar 
days following the due date of any Form 8-K required to be filed by Buyer 
in connection with the Closing. Seller shall reasonably cooperate with 
Buyer and Buyer's independent public accountants, at Buyer’s sole cost and 
expense, in connection with the completion of any audit or review of the 
historical financial statements of Seller, post-Closing financial 
statements of Buyer, and/or disclosure document of Buyer in connection with 
its compliance with applicable securities laws.

Section 3.10 Update to Schedules. At the Closing, Seller shall deliver to 
Buyer updated Schedules to this Agreement, in such form and substance as 
Buyer and Seller mutually agree in good faith, that reflect any changes to 
the Purchased Assets, the Assumed Liabilities and/or the Purchase Price 
allocation that occur between the date of this Agreement and Closing.

ARTICLE IV
DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES; LIMITATION OF LIABILITY

Section 4.01 Disclaimer of Warranties. EXCEPT AS OTHERWISE EXPRESSLY SET 
FORTH IN THIS AGREEMENT WITH RESPECT TO THE PURCHASED ASSETS BEING FREE AND 
CLEAR OF ANY AND ALL ENCUMBRANCES OTHER THAN PERMITTED ENCUMBRANCES, SELLER 
MAKES NO REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, AS TO ANY MATTER 
WHATSOEVER, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO:  THE TITLE TO THE PURCHASED 
ASSETS; THE CONDITION, DESIGN OR QUALITY OF THE PURCHASED ASSETS; THE 
FITNESS OF THE PURCHASED ASSETS FOR USE OR FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE; THE 
MERCHANTABILITY OF THE PURCHASED ASSETS;

5
QB\43503538.9
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

COMPLIANCE OF THE PURCHASED ASSETS WITH THE REQUIREMENTS OF ANY LAWS, 
RULES, SPECIFICATIONS OR CONTRACTS PERTAINING THERETO; PATENT INFRINGEMENT; 
LATENT DEFECTS; THE QUALITY OF THE MATERIAL OR WORKMANSHIP OF THE PURCHASED 
ASSETS OR THE CONFORMITY OF THE PURCHASED ASSETS TO THE PROVISIONS AND 
SPECIFICATIONS OF ANY PURCHASE ORDER RELATING THERETO; THE OPERATION, USE 
OR PERFORMANCE OF THE PURCHASED ASSETS; OR ANY OTHER REPRESENTATION OR 
WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, NATURE OR DESCRIPTION, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, WITH 
RESPECT TO THE OWNERSHIP, OPERATION, USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THE PURCHASED 
ASSETS.

Section 4.02 Limitation of Liability. NONE OF MCA FINANCIAL GROUP, LTD., 
ANTENNA PLUS, LLC, ANY OF THEIR RESPECTIVE AFFILIATES OR ANY OF THEIR 
RESPECTIVE CURRENT OR FORMER OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, MEMBERS OR AGENTS SHALL 
HAVE ANY LIABILITY TO BUYER OR ANY PERSONS WHOMSOEVER (INCLUDING LESSEES OR 
PURCHASERS OF ALL OR ANY OF THE PURCHASED ASSETS) FOR ANY CLAIM, LOSS, 
DAMAGE OR EXPENSE (INCLUDING ATTORNEY FEES) OF ANY KIND OR NATURE, WHETHER 
SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, ECONOMIC OR OTHERWISE, CAUSED OR ALLEGED TO BE 
CAUSED DIRECTLY, INDIRECTLY, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIALLY BY THIS 
AGREEMENT, THE PURCHASED ASSETS (INCLUDING ANY PART THEREOF OR PRODUCTS 
THEREFROM, BY ANY INADEQUACY OF THE PURCHASED ASSETS OR DEFECT OR 
DEFICIENCY THEREIN) OR THE ASSUMED LIABILITIES, BY ANY INCIDENT WHATSOEVER 
ARISING IN STRICT LIABILITY OR OTHERWISE FROM ANY PERSON’S NEGLIGENCE OR 
OTHERWISE, OR FOR ANY LOSS OF BUSINESS OR DAMAGE WHATSOEVER AND HOWSOEVER 
CAUSED, OR ARISING OUT OF THIS AGREEMENT, THE PURCHASED ASSETS OR THE 
ASSUMED LIABILITIES. NOTWITHSTANDING ANYTHING TO THE CONTRARY IN THIS 
AGREEMENT, NOTHING HEREIN SHALL RELEASE, SETTLE, WAIVE, DISCHARGE, SATISFY, 
IMPAIR OR AFFECT IN ANY WAY THE CLAIMS OR DEFENSES IN THE LITIGATION 
CAPTIONED LIIMATAINEN V. THILL, CASE NO. 2016-000743, CURRENTLY PENDING 
BEFORE THE MARICOPA COUNTY SUPERIOR COURT.

ARTICLE V
MISCELLANEOUS

Section 5.01 Expenses. All costs and expenses incurred in connection with 
this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby shall be paid by 
the party incurring such costs and expenses.

Section 5.02 Notices. All notices, requests, consents, claims, demands, 
waivers and other communications hereunder shall be in writing and shall be 
deemed to have been given: (i) when delivered by hand (with written 
confirmation of receipt); (ii) when received by the addressee if sent by a 
nationally recognized overnight courier (receipt requested); (iii) on the 
date sent by facsimile or e-mail of a PDF document (with confirmation of 
transmission) if sent during normal business hours of the recipient, and on 
the next business day if sent after normal business hours of the recipient; 
or (iv) on the third day after the date mailed, by certified or registered 
mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid. Such communications must 
be sent to the respective parties at the following addresses (or at such 
other address for a party as shall be specified in a notice given in 
accordance with this Section 5.02):
 
If to Seller:
MCA Financial Group, Ltd.,
 
as the appointed receiver for Antenna Plus, LLC
 
4909 N. 44th Street
 
Phoenix, Arizona 85018
 
Attention: Morrie Aaron
 
Facsimile: (480) 287-9058
 
E-mail: maaron@mca-financial.com
 
 

6
QB\43503538.9
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
with a copy to (which shall not constitute notice):
Quarles & Brady LLP
 
One Renaissance Square
 
Two North Central Avenue
 
Phoenix, Arizona 85004
 
Attention: W. Scott Jenkins, Jr.
 
Facsimile: (602) 420-5031
 
Email: scott.jenkins@quarles.com
 
 
If to Buyer:
Airgain, Inc.
 
3611 Towne Centre Court, Suite 150
 
San Diego, CA 92130
 
Attention: Leo Johnson
 
Facsimile: 760-579-0892
 
E-mail: LJohnson@airgain.com
 
 
with a copy to (which shall not constitute notice):
Latham & Watkins LLP
 
12670 High Bluff Drive
 
San Diego, CA 92130
 
Attention: Matthew T. Bush
 
Facsimile: 858-523-5450
 
E-mail: Matt.Bush@lw.com

Section 5.03 Headings. The headings in this Agreement are for reference 
only and shall not affect the interpretation of this Agreement.

Section 5.04 Severability. If any term or provision of this Agreement is 
invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any jurisdiction, such invalidity, 
illegality or unenforceability shall not affect any other term or provision 
of this Agreement or invalidate or render unenforceable such term or 
provision in any other jurisdiction.

Section 5.05 Entire Agreement. This Agreement, together with the exhibits 
and schedules attached hereto and incorporated herein by this reference and 
the other documents to be delivered hereunder, constitute the sole and 
entire agreement of the parties to this Agreement with respect to the 
subject matter contained herein, and supersede all prior and 
contemporaneous understandings and agreements, both written and oral, with 
respect to such subject matter. In the event of any inconsistency between 
the statements in the body of this Agreement and the documents to be 
delivered hereunder, the statements in the body of this Agreement will 
control.

Section 5.06 Successors and Assigns. This Agreement shall be binding upon 
and shall inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective 
successors and permitted assigns. Neither party may assign its rights or 
obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of the other party, 
which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed; provided, 
however, that Seller agrees that, prior to Closing, Buyer may assign its 
rights and obligations under this Agreement to another legal entity of 
which Buyer is the majority owner. No assignment shall relieve the 
assigning party of any of its obligations hereunder.

Section 5.07 No Third-party Beneficiaries. This Agreement is for the sole 
benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and permitted 
assigns and nothing herein, express or implied, is intended to or shall 
confer upon any other person or entity any legal or equitable right, 
benefit or remedy of any nature whatsoever under or by reason of this 
Agreement.

Section 5.08 Amendment and Modification. This Agreement may only be 
amended, modified or supplemented by an agreement in writing signed by each 
party hereto.

7
QB\43503538.9
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

Section 5.09 Waiver. No waiver by any party of any of the provisions hereof 
shall be effective unless explicitly set forth in writing and signed by the 
party so waiving. No waiver by any party shall operate or be construed as a 
waiver in respect of any failure, breach or default not expressly 
identified by such written waiver, whether of a similar or different 
character, and whether occurring before or after that waiver. No failure to 
exercise, or delay in exercising, any right, remedy, power or privilege 
arising from this Agreement shall operate or be construed as a waiver 
thereof; nor shall any single or partial exercise of any right, remedy, 
power or privilege hereunder preclude any other or further exercise thereof 
or the exercise of any other right, remedy, power or privilege.

Section 5.10 Governing Law. This Agreement shall be governed by and 
construed in accordance with the internal laws of the State of Arizona 
without giving effect to any choice or conflict of law provision or rule 
(whether of the State of Arizona or any other jurisdiction).

Section 5.11 Submission to Jurisdiction. Any legal suit, action or 
proceeding arising out of or based upon this Agreement or the transactions 
contemplated hereby may be instituted in the federal courts of the United 
States of America or the courts of the State of Arizona in each case 
located in the County of Maricopa, and each party irrevocably submits to 
the exclusive jurisdiction of such courts in any such suit, action or 
proceeding.

Section 5.12 Waiver of Jury Trial. Each party acknowledges and agrees that 
any controversy which may arise under this Agreement is likely to involve 
complicated and difficult issues and, therefore, each such party 
irrevocably and unconditionally waives any right it may have to a trial by 
jury in respect of any legal action arising out of or relating to this 
Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby.

Section 5.13 Specific Performance. The parties agree that irreparable 
damage would occur if any provision of this Agreement were not performed in 
accordance with the terms hereof and that the parties shall be entitled to 
specific performance of the terms hereof, in addition to any other remedy 
to which they are entitled at law or in equity.

Section 5.14 Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in two or more 
counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which 
together shall be deemed to be one and the same agreement. A signed copy of 
this Agreement delivered by facsimile, e-mail or other means of electronic 
transmission shall be deemed to have the same legal effect as delivery of 
an original signed copy of this Agreement.

(SIGNATURE PAGE(S) FOLLOW)
 
 
 

8
QB\43503538.9
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be 
executed as of the date first written above by their respective officers 
thereunto duly authorized.
 
MCA FINANCIAL GROUP, LTD., as the appointed receiver for Antenna Plus, LLC
 
 
By
/s/ Stacie Witten
Name:
Stacie Witten
Title:
Receiver
 
 
AIRGAIN, INC.
 
 
By
/s/ Charles Myers
Name:
Charles Myers
Title:
Chief Executive Officer
 
 
 

(Signature Page to Asset Purchase Agreement)
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
EXHIBIT A

Bill of Sale

THIS BILL OF SALE, dated as of April ___, 2017, is being delivered pursuant 
to Section 2.02(a)(i) of that certain Asset Purchase Agreement, dated as of 
April 7, 2017 (the “Purchase Agreement”), by and between MCA Financial 
Group, Ltd., as the appointed receiver for Antenna Plus, LLC, an Arizona 
limited liability company (“Seller”), and Airgain, Inc., a Delaware 
corporation (“Buyer”).

For good and valuable consideration, the receipt and adequacy of which are 
hereby acknowledged, Seller does hereby grant, bargain, transfer, sell, 
assign, convey and deliver to Buyer all of Seller’s right, title and 
interest in and to the tangible personal property included in the Purchased 
Assets (as defined in the Purchase Agreement), to have and to hold the same 
unto Buyer, its successors and assigns, forever.

Buyer acknowledges that Seller makes no representation or warranty with 
respect to the assets being conveyed hereby except as specifically set 
forth in the Purchase Agreement.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Seller has caused this Bill of Sale to be executed as 
of the date first written above.
 
MCA FINANCIAL GROUP, LTD., as the appointed receiver for Antenna Plus, LLC
 
 
By
 
Name:
 
Title:
 
 
 

QB\43503538.9
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
EXHIBIT B

Assignment and Assumption Agreement

THIS ASSIGNMENT AND ASSUMPTION AGREEMENT (this “Agreement”), dated as of 
April ___, 2017, is entered into by and between MCA Financial Group, Ltd., 
as the appointed receiver for Antenna Plus, LLC, an Arizona limited 
liability company (“Seller”), and Airgain, Inc., a Delaware corporation (“
Buyer”).

WHEREAS, Seller and Buyer have entered into a certain Asset Purchase 
Agreement, dated as of April 7, 2017 (the “Purchase Agreement”), pursuant 
to which, among other things, Seller has agreed to assign to Buyer all of 
Seller’s rights, title and interests in and to the intangible assets 
included in the Purchased Assets (as defined in the Purchase Agreement), 
and Buyer has agree to accept such assignment, subject to the terms and 
conditions of the Purchase Agreement;  

WHEREAS, pursuant to the Purchase Agreement, Buyer has agreed to assume all 
of Seller’s duties and obligations included in the Assumed Liabilities (as 
defined in the Purchase Agreement), subject to the terms and conditions of 
the Purchase Agreement; and

WHEREAS, this Agreement is being entered into pursuant to Section 
2.02(a)(ii) of the Purchase Agreement.

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants and agreements set 
forth herein and for good and valuable consideration, the receipt and 
sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, the parties hereby agree as 
follows:

1.Definitions.  All capitalized terms used in this Agreement but not 
otherwise defined herein are given the meanings set forth in the Purchase 
Agreement.

2.Assignment.  Seller hereby sells, assigns, grants, conveys and transfers 
to Buyer all of Seller’s right, title and interest in and to the intangible 
assets included in the Purchased Assets, and Buyer hereby accepts such 
assignment.

3.Assumption.  Buyer hereby assumes all of Seller’s duties and obligations 
included in the Assumed Liabilities and agrees to pay, perform and 
discharge, as and when due, all of the obligations of Seller included in 
the Assumed Liabilities accruing on and after the Effective Time.

4.Terms of the Purchase Agreement.  The terms of the Purchase Agreement, 
including, but not limited to, the representations, warranties, covenants, 
agreements and indemnities relating to the Purchased Assets and the Assumed 
Liabilities are incorporated herein by this reference.  The parties hereto 
acknowledge and agree that the representations, warranties, covenants, 
agreements and indemnities contained in the Purchase Agreement shall not be 
superseded hereby but shall remain in full force and effect to the full 
extent provided therein. In the event of any conflict or inconsistency 
between the terms of the Purchase Agreement and the terms of this 
Agreement, the terms of the Purchase Agreement shall govern.

5.Governing Law.  This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in 
accordance with the internal laws of the State of Arizona without giving 
effect to any choice or conflict of law provision or rule (whether of the 
State of Arizona or any other jurisdiction).

6.Counterparts.  This Agreement may be executed in counterparts, all of 
which shall be considered one and the same agreement and shall become 
effective when one or more counterparts have been signed by each party and 
delivered to each other party.  A signed copy of this Agreement delivered 
by facsimile, e-mail or other means of electronic transmission shall be 
deemed to have the same legal effect as delivery of an original signed copy 
of this Agreement.

(SIGNATURE PAGE(S) FOLLOW)

QB\43503538.9
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be 
executed as of the date first written above by their respective officers or 
other representatives thereunto duly authorized.
 
MCA FINANCIAL GROUP, LTD., as the appointed receiver for Antenna Plus, LLC
 
 
By
 
Name:
 
Title:
 
 
 
AIRGAIN, INC.
 
 
By
 
Name:
 
Title:
 
 

QB\43503538.9
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
EXHIBIT C

Intellectual Property Assignment Agreement

THIS INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY ASSIGNMENT AGREEMENT (this “Agreement”), dated 
as of April ___, 2017, is entered into by and between MCA Financial Group, 
Ltd., as the appointed receiver for Antenna Plus, LLC, an Arizona limited 
liability company (“Seller”), and Airgain, Inc., a Delaware corporation (“
Buyer”).

WHEREAS, Seller and Buyer have entered into a certain Asset Purchase 
Agreement, dated as of April 7, 2017 (the “Purchase Agreement”), pursuant 
to which, among other things, Seller has agreed to assign to Buyer all of 
Seller’s rights, title and interests in and to certain intellectual 
property of Seller, and Buyer has agree to accept such assignment, subject 
to the terms and conditions of the Purchase Agreement; and

WHEREAS, this Agreement is being entered into for recording with the United 
States Patent and Trademark Office pursuant to Section 2.02(a)(iii) of the 
Purchase Agreement.

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants and agreements set 
forth herein and for good and valuable consideration, the receipt and 
sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, the parties hereby agree as 
follows:

1.Assignment.  Seller hereby sells, assigns, grants, conveys and transfers 
to Buyer, and Buyer hereby accepts, all of Seller’s worldwide right, title 
and interest in and to:

(a)the patents and patent applications set forth on Schedule 1 hereto and 
all issuances, divisions, continuations, continuations-in-part, reissues, 
extensions, reexaminations, and renewals thereof;

(b)all rights of any kind whatsoever of Seller accruing under any of the 
foregoing provided by applicable law of any jurisdiction, by international 
treaties and conventions, and otherwise throughout the world;  

(c)any and all royalties, fees, income, payments, and other proceeds now or 
hereafter due or payable with respect to any and all of the foregoing; and

(d)any and all claims and causes of action, with respect to any of the 
foregoing, whether accruing before, on, or after the date hereof, including 
all rights to and claims for damages, restitution, and injunctive and other 
legal and equitable relief for past, present, and future infringement, 
dilution, misappropriation, violation, misuse, breach, or default, with the 
right but no obligation to sue for such legal and equitable relief and to 
collect, or otherwise recover, any such damages.

2.Recordation. Seller hereby authorizes the Commissioner for Patents in the 
United States Patent and Trademark Office to record and register this 
Agreement upon request by Buyer.  

3.Terms of the Purchase Agreement.  The terms of the Purchase Agreement, 
including, but not limited to, the representations, warranties, covenants, 
agreements and indemnities relating to the Purchased Assets and the Assumed 
Liabilities are incorporated herein by this reference.  The parties hereto 
acknowledge and agree that the representations, warranties, covenants, 
agreements and indemnities contained in the Purchase Agreement shall not be 
superseded hereby but shall remain in full force and effect to the full 
extent provided therein.  In the event of any conflict or inconsistency 
between the terms of the Purchase Agreement and the terms of this 
Agreement, the terms of the Purchase Agreement shall govern.

4.Governing Law.  Except to the extent that federal law preempts state law 
with respect to the matters covered hereby, this Agreement shall be 
governed by and construed in accordance with the internal laws of the State 
of Arizona without giving effect to any choice or conflict of law provision 
or rule (whether of the State of Arizona or any other jurisdiction).
 

 

QB\43503538.9
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
5.Counterparts.  This Agreement may be executed in counterparts, all of 
which shall be considered one and the same agreement and shall become 
effective when one or more counterparts have been signed by each party and 
delivered to each other party.  A signed copy of this Agreement delivered 
by facsimile, e-mail or other means of electronic transmission shall be 
deemed to have the same legal effect as delivery of an original signed copy 
of this Agreement.

(SIGNATURE PAGE(S) FOLLOW)
 
 
 

C-2
QB\43503538.9
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be 
executed as of the date first written above by their respective officers 
thereunto duly authorized.
 
MCA FINANCIAL GROUP, LTD., as the appointed receiver for Antenna Plus, LLC
 
 
By
 
Name:
 
Title:
 
 
 
AIRGAIN, INC.
 
 
By
 
Name:
 
Title:
 
 

QB\43503538.9