 EX-10.3 2 awk-ex103_21.htm EX-10.3 - 2017 OMNIBUS PLAN - 2017 RESTRICTED 
STOCK UNIT GRANT

Exhibit 10.3

AMERICAN WATER WORKS COMPANY, INC.
2017 OMNIBUS EQUITY COMPENSATION PLAN
RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT GRANT

This RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT GRANT, dated as of [____], 2017 (the “Date of 
Grant”), is delivered by American Water Works Company, Inc. (the “Company
”) to ______________ (the “Participant”).


RECITALS

WHEREAS, the Committee (as defined in the American Water Works Company, 
Inc. 2017 Omnibus Equity Compensation Plan (the “Plan”)) has adopted a 2017 
Long Term Performance Plan (“2017 LTPP”) pursuant to which designated 
employees will be granted equity awards (collectively, the “Equity Award”) 
for shares of Common Stock of the Company, par value $0.01 per share, (the 
“Company Stock”);

WHEREAS, the Equity Award is comprised of three separate grants: a 
restricted stock unit and two performance stock unit grants;

WHEREAS, the Committee has determined that the Participant is eligible to 
participate in the 2017 LTPP and to grant the Participant an Equity Award 
under the 2017 LTPP; and

WHEREAS, the Committee has determined that the restricted stock unit 
portion of the Equity Award granted pursuant to the 2017 LTPP to the 
Participant shall be issued under the Plan and the terms and conditions of 
such restricted stock unit shall be memorialized in this grant (the “Grant
”).

NOW, THEREFORE, the parties to this Grant, intending to be legally bound 
hereby, agree as follows:

1.Grant of Restricted Stock Units. Subject to the terms and conditions set 
forth in this Grant and the Plan, the Company hereby grants to the 
Participant ___________ units (the “Restricted Stock Units”). Each unit (a 
“Unit”) shall be a phantom right and shall be equivalent to one share of 
Company Stock on the applicable Redemption Date (as defined below).

2.Restricted Stock Unit Account. The Company shall establish and maintain a 
Restricted Stock Unit account as a bookkeeping account on its records (the 
“Restricted Stock Unit Account”) for the Participant and shall record in 
such Restricted Stock Unit Account the number of Restricted Stock Units 
granted to the Participant. The Participant shall not have any interest in 
any fund or specific assets of the Company by reason of this grant or the 
Restricted Stock Unit Account established for the Participant.

3.

Vesting.

(a)Except as provided in subparagraph (c) below, the Restricted Stock Units 
shall vest on the following dates (each a “Service Date”), provided the 
Participant continues to be employed

 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

by, or providing service to, the Employer (as defined in the Plan) from the 
Date of Grant through the applicable Service Date:

    Service Date

         Units Vesting

    January 1, 2018

                    1/3

    January 1, 2019

                    1/3

    January 1, 2020
                    1/3

The vesting of the Restricted Stock Units is cumulative, but shall not 
exceed 100% of the Units subject to the Restricted Stock Units.  If the 
foregoing schedule would produce fractional Units, the number of Units for 
which the Restricted Stock Units becomes vested on a Service Date shall be 
rounded down to the nearest whole Unit.  The Restricted Stock Units shall 
become vested with respect to 100% of the Units subject to the Restricted 
Stock Units on January 1, 2020, if the Participant is employed by, or 
providing service to, the Employer on such date.

(b)Subject to subparagraph (c) below, if at any time prior to January 1, 
2020, the Participant’s employment or service with the Employer terminates 
for any reason, including death or disability, then all of the unvested 
Restricted Stock Units shall be immediately forfeited and the Participant 
shall not have any rights with respect to the vesting or the redemption of 
any portion of the Restricted Stock Unit.

(c)If at any time prior to January 1, 2020, but while the Participant is 
employed by or providing service to the Employer, a Change of Control (as 
defined below) occurs, the Company is not the surviving corporation (or 
survives only as a subsidiary of another corporation or entity (the “
surviving corporation”)) and the Restricted Stock Units are not converted 
to similar grants of the surviving corporation (or a parent or subsidiary 
of the surviving corporation), then the portion of the Restricted Stock 
Units that have not yet vested as provided in subparagraph 3(a) above shall 
become fully vested on the date of the Change of Control (the “Change of 
Control Date”). In the event the Participant’s Restricted Stock Units are 
assumed by the surviving corporation but the Participant ceases to be 
employed by, or providing service to, the surviving corporation (or a 
parent or subsidiary of the surviving corporation) within twelve (12) 
months of the date of the Change of Control on account of (i) a termination 
of such Participant’s employment by the surviving corporation (or a parent 
of subsidiary of the surviving corporation) for any reason other than on 
account of Cause (as defined in the Plan), death or Disability (as defined 
in the Plan), or (ii) a termination of employment or service by the 
Participant for Good Reason (as defined in the Plan), then the portion of 
the Restricted Stock Units that have not yet vested as provided in 
subparagraph 3(a) above shall become fully vested on the date of such 
termination of employment or service (the “Termination Date”).  For 
purposes of this Agreement, the term “Change of Control” shall mean as such 
term is defined in the Plan, except that a Change of Control shall not be 
deemed to have occurred for purposes of this Agreement unless the event 
constituting the Change of Control constitutes a change in the ownership or 
effective control of the Company, or

2

 
 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

in the ownership of a substantial portion of the assets of the Company, 
within the meaning of section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as 
amended (the “Code”) and its corresponding regulations.  For the avoidance 
of doubt, if the Change of Control does not constitute a permitted change 
in control event under section 409A of the Code, then the Restricted Stock 
Unit shall not vest on the occurrence of the Change of Control.

4.Redemption. Unless an election is made pursuant to Paragraph 5 below, the 
Restricted Stock Units that have become vested pursuant to Paragraph 3 
shall be redeemed by the Company on the earliest of the (i) applicable 
Service Date, (ii) the Change of Control Date or (iii) the Termination 
Date, (the date of redemption is hereinafter referred to as the “
Redemption Date”).  As soon as administratively practicable following the 
applicable Redemption Date, but not later than forty-five (45) days 
following the Redemption Date, (or, if applicable, the Deferred Date, as 
defined in Paragraph 5 below), all Restricted Stock Units that become 
vested pursuant to Paragraph 3 above shall be redeemed and converted to an 
equivalent number of shares of Company Stock, and the Participant shall 
receive a single distribution of such shares of Company Stock, which shall 
be issued under the Plan.  

5.Deferrals. The Participant may make an irrevocable election to defer the 
Redemption Date (or further defer the Deferred Date (as defined below), if 
applicable) of any of the Restricted Stock Units that vest, plus dividend 
equivalents earned on such Restricted Stock Units as described in Paragraph 
6 below, to a later date, provided that (i) the election shall not take 
effect until at least twelve (12) months after the date on which the 
election is made, (ii) the new Redemption Date cannot be earlier than five 
(5) years from the original Redemption Date under Paragraph 4 above (or 
five (5) years from the previously applicable Deferred Date, if a 
subsequent deferral of a Deferred Date is being made), and (iii) the 
election must be made no less than twelve (12) months prior to the date of 
the Redemption Date (twelve (12) months prior to the previously applicable 
Deferred Date, if a subsequent deferral of a Deferred Date is being made). 
To defer the Redemption Date, the Participant must complete the deferral 
election form provided to the Participant by the Committee.  If the 
Participant desires to make a further deferral, the Participant must make 
such election on a separate form provided by the Committee for such 
purpose.  Any such election shall be made in accordance with section 409A 
of the Code and any corresponding guidance and regulations issued under 
section 409A of the Code.  Notwithstanding a Participant’s election 
pursuant to this Paragraph, if the Change of Control Date or the 
Termination Date occurs prior to the Deferred Date, the redemption of the 
Participant’s Restricted Stock Units, plus corresponding dividend 
equivalents, will be the Change of Control Date or the Termination Date, as 
applicable.  If a Redemption Date is delayed one or more times pursuant to 
this Paragraph 5, the new Redemption Date shall be referred to as the 
“Deferred Date.”

6.Dividend Equivalents. Until the Redemption Date (or the Deferred Date, if 
elected), if any dividends are paid with respect to the shares of Company 
Stock, the Company shall credit to a dividend equivalent account (the “
Dividend Equivalent Account”) the value of the dividends that would have 
been distributed if the Restricted Stock Units credited to the 
Participant’s Restricted Stock Unit Account as of the date of payment of 
any such dividend were shares of Company Stock. On the Redemption Date (or 
the Deferred Date, if applicable), the Company shall pay to the Participant 
in a lump sum cash equal to the value of the dividends credited to the 
Participant’s

3

 
 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

Dividend Equivalent Account; provided, however, that any dividends that 
were credited to the Participant’s Dividend Equivalent Account that are 
attributable to Units that have been forfeited as provided in Paragraph 3 
above shall be forfeited and not payable to the Participant. No interest 
shall accrue on any dividend equivalents credited to the Participant’s 
Dividend Equivalent Account.  

7.Change of Control.  Except as set forth in Paragraph 3(c) of this Grant, 
the provisions set forth in the Plan applicable to a Change of Control (as 
defined in the Plan) shall apply to the Restricted Stock Units, and, in the 
event of a Change of Control, the Committee may take such actions as it 
deems appropriate pursuant to the Plan and is consistent with the 
requirements of section 409A of the Code.

8.Acknowledgment by Participant. By accepting this Grant, the Participant 
acknowledges that with respect to any right to redemption or distribution 
pursuant to this Grant, the Participant is and shall be an unsecured 
general creditor of the Company without any preference as against other 
unsecured general creditors of the Company, and the Participant hereby 
covenants for himself or herself, and anyone at any time claiming through 
or under the Participant not to claim any such preference, and hereby 
disclaims and waives any such preference which may at any time be at issue, 
to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law.

9.

Restrictions on Issuance or Transfer of Shares of Company Stock.

(a)To the extent permitted by Code section 409A, the obligation of the 
Company to deliver shares of Company Stock upon the redemption of the 
Restricted Stock Units shall be subject to the condition that shares of 
Company Stock be qualified for listing on the New York Stock Exchange or 
another securities exchange and be registered under the Securities Act of 
1933, as amended, and that any consent or approval of any governmental 
regulatory body that is necessary to issue shares of Company Stock has been 
so obtained, and that shares of Company Stock may not be issued in whole or 
in part unless such listing, registration, qualification, consent or 
approval shall have been effected or obtained free of any conditions not 
acceptable to the Committee.  

(b)The issuance of shares of Company Stock and the payment of cash to the 
Participant pursuant to this Grant is subject to any applicable taxes and 
other laws or regulations of the United States or of any state having 
jurisdiction thereof.

(c)As a condition to receive any shares of Company Stock on the Redemption 
Date (or the Deferred Date, if applicable), the Participant agrees:

(i) to be bound by, and to comply with, the Company’s policies and 
practices (as they may be in effect from time to time) regarding the 
restrictions or limitations on the transfer of such shares, and understands 
that the Participant may be restricted or prohibited at any time and from 
time to time from selling, transferring, pledging, donating, assigning, 
margining, mortgaging, hypothecating or otherwise encumbering the shares in 
accordance with such policies and practices, including without limitation 
the Company’s Personal Securities and Insider Trading Policy; and

4

 
 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

(ii)that the shares of Company Stock obtained by the Participant upon the 
redemption of the Restricted Stock Units shall be subject to the 
guidelines and restrictions set forth in the Company’s Executive Stock 
Ownership Guidelines and Executive Stock Retention Requirements, effective 
as of March 4, 2015 (and as they may be amended, restated, supplemented and 
interpreted) and any applicable clawback or recoupment policies and other 
policies that may be implemented by the Company’s Board of Directors or a 
duly authorized committee thereof, from time to time.

10.Participant Undertaking.  The Participant agrees to take whatever 
additional actions and execute whatever additional documents the Company 
may in its reasonable judgment deem necessary or advisable in order to 
carry out or effect one or more of the obligations or restrictions imposed 
on the Participant pursuant to the provisions of this Grant.  

11.Grant Subject to Plan Provisions. This Grant is made pursuant to the 
Plan, the terms of which are incorporated herein by reference, and in all 
respects shall be interpreted in accordance with the Plan. In the event of 
any contradiction, distinction or difference between this Grant and the 
terms of the Plan, the terms of the Plan will control. Except as otherwise 
defined in this Grant, capitalized terms used in this Grant shall have the 
meanings set forth in the Plan. This Grant is subject to the 
interpretations, regulations and determinations concerning the Plan 
established from time to time by the Committee in accordance with the 
provisions of the Plan, including, but not limited to, provisions 
pertaining to (a) rights and obligations with respect to withholding taxes, 
(b) the registration, qualification or listing of the shares of Company 
Stock, (c) changes in capitalization of the Company, and (d) other 
requirements of applicable law. The Committee shall have the authority to 
interpret and construe this Grant pursuant to the terms of the Plan, its 
decisions shall be conclusive as to any questions arising hereunder.   By 
accepting this Grant, the Participant agrees (i) to be bound by the terms 
of the Plan and this Grant,  (ii) to be bound by the determinations and 
decisions of the Committee with respect to this Grant, the Plan and the 
Participant’s rights to benefits under this Grant and the Plan, and (iii) 
that all such determinations and decisions of the Committee shall be 
binding on the Participant, his or her beneficiaries and any other person 
having or claiming an interest under this Grant and the Plan on behalf of 
the Participant.

12.No Rights as Stockholder. The Participant shall not have any rights as a 
stockholder of the Company, including the right to any cash dividends 
(except with respect to the dividend equivalent rights provided in 
Paragraph 6), or the right to vote, with respect to any Restricted Stock 
Units.

13.No Rights to Continued Employment or Service. This Grant shall not 
confer upon the Participant any right to be retained in the employment or 
service of the Employer and shall not interfere in any way with the right 
of the Employer to terminate the Participant’s employment or service at any 
time. The right of the Employer to terminate at will the Participant’s 
employment or service at any time for any reason is specifically reserved.

14.Assignment and Transfers. No Restricted Stock Units or dividend 
equivalents awarded to the Participant under this Grant may be transferred, 
assigned, pledged, or encumbered by the Participant and a Restricted Stock 
Unit shall be redeemed and a dividend equivalent distributed

5

 
 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

during the lifetime of the Participant only for the benefit of the 
Participant. Any attempt to transfer, assign, pledge, or encumber the 
Restricted Stock Unit or dividend equivalent by the Participant shall be 
null, void and without effect. The rights and protections of the Company 
hereunder shall extend to any successors or assigns of the Company.  This 
Grant may be assigned by the Company without the Participant’s consent.  

15.Withholding. The Participant shall be required to pay to the Employer, 
or make other arrangements satisfactory to the Employer to provide for the 
payment of, any federal, state, local or other taxes that the Employer is 
required to withhold with respect to the grant, vesting and redemption of 
the Restricted Stock Units and payment of dividend equivalents. Any tax 
withholding obligation of the Employer with respect to the redemption of 
the Restricted Stock Units may, at the Committee’s discretion, be satisfied 
by having shares of Company Stock withheld, up to an amount that does not 
exceed the minimum applicable withholding tax rate for federal (including 
FICA), state, local and other tax liabilities.  

16.Effect on Other Benefits. The value of shares of Company Stock and 
dividend equivalents distributed with respect to the Restricted Stock Units 
shall not be considered eligible earnings for purposes of any other plans 
maintained by the Company or the Employer. Neither shall such value be 
considered part of the Participant’s compensation for purposes of 
determining or calculating other benefits that are based on compensation, 
such as life insurance.

17.Applicable Law. The validity, construction, interpretation and effect of 
this Grant shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws 
of the State of Delaware, without giving effect to the conflict of laws 
provisions thereof.

18.Notice. Any notice to the Company provided for in this instrument shall 
be addressed to the Company in care of the General Counsel at the Company’s 
corporate headquarters, and any notice to the Participant shall be 
addressed to such Participant at the current address shown on the payroll 
records of the Employer, or to such other address as the Participant may 
designate to the Employer in writing. Any notice shall be (i) delivered by 
hand, (ii) delivered by a national overnight courier or delivery service, 
(iii) enclosed in a properly sealed envelope addressed as stated above, 
registered and deposited, postage prepaid, in a post office regularly 
maintained by the United States Postal Service, or (iv) in the case of 
notices by the Company to the Participant, such notices may be delivered by 
e-mail or other electronic means  (with confirmation of receipt to be made 
by any oral, electronic or written means).

19.Taxation; Code Section 409A. As applicable, this Grant is intended to 
comply with the requirements of section 409A of the Code and shall be 
interpreted and administered in accordance with Code section 409A.  
Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary herein, if the Restricted 
Stock Units constitute “deferred compensation” under section 409A of the 
Code, distributions made with respect to this Grant may only be made in a 
manner and upon an event permitted by Code section 409A.  To the extent 
that any provision of the Grant would cause a conflict with the 
requirements of Code section 409A, or would cause the administration of the 
Grant to fail to satisfy the requirements of Code section 409A, such 
provision shall, to the extent practicable if permitted by applicable law, 
be deemed null and void.  In the event that it is determined not feasible 
to void

6

 
 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

a provision of this Grant, such provision shall be construed in a manner as 
to comply with the Code section 409A requirements. This Grant may be 
amended without the consent of the Participant in any respect deemed by the 
Committee or its delegate to be necessary in order to comply with Code 
section 409A. Unless a valid election is made pursuant to Paragraph 5 
above, in no event may the Participant, directly or indirectly, designate 
the calendar year of distribution.  Notwithstanding anything in the Plan or 
the Grant to the contrary, the Participant shall be solely responsible for 
the tax consequences of this Grant, and in no event shall the Company have 
any responsibility or liability if this Grant does not meet any applicable 
requirements of Code section 409A.

20.Severability.  In the event one or more of the provisions of this Grant 
should, for any reason, be held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in 
any respect, such invalidity, illegality or unenforceability will not 
affect any other provisions of this Grant, and this Grant will be construed 
as if such invalid, illegal or unenforceable provision had never been 
contained herein.

7

 
 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused its duly authorized officer to 
execute this Grant, effective as of the Date of Grant.

AMERICAN WATER WORKS COMPANY, INC.


By:   Susan N. Story

Its:   President and CEO

 

8

 
 
 