 EX-10.33 8 exhibit1033-timexvestedres.htm TIME-VESTED RESTRICTED STOCK 
UNIT AWARD AGREEMENT (INSTALLMENT-VESTING FORM)

Exhibit 10.33

Kemper Corporation 2011 Omnibus Equity Plan






TIME-VESTED RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AWARD AGREEMENT

(Installment-Vesting Form)





This TIME-VESTED RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AWARD AGREEMENT (“Agreement”) is 
made as of this ______ day of ___________, ____ (“Grant Date”) between 
KEMPER CORPORATION, a Delaware corporation (the “Company”), and «name» (the 
“Award Holder”) for an Award of an aggregate of «shares» («shares») 
restricted stock units (the “RSUs”), each representing the right to receive 
one share of the Company’s common stock (“Common Stock”) on the terms and 
conditions set forth in this Agreement.




SIGNATURES


As of the date set forth above, the parties have accepted the terms of this 
Agreement by signing this Agreement by an electronic signature, and each 
party agrees that such signature shall not be denied legal effect, validity 
or enforceability solely because it was submitted or executed 
electronically.




KEMPER CORPORATION         AWARD HOLDER
By: «CEO Signature and Title»    By: «name»
                    



RECITALS


A.    The Board of Directors of the Company has adopted the Kemper 
Corporation 2011 Omnibus Equity Plan (the “Plan”), including all amendments 
to date, to be administered by the Compensation Committee of the Company’s 
Board of Directors or any subcommittee thereof, or any other committee 
designated by the Board to administer the Plan (the “Committee”). 
Capitalized terms that are not defined herein shall be defined in 
accordance with the Plan.


B.    The Plan authorizes the Committee to grant to selected employees, 
directors and Third Party Service Providers of the Company or any Affiliate 
of the Company awards of various types, including restricted stock units 
providing the right to receive shares of Common Stock under specified terms 
and conditions.


C.    Pursuant to the Plan, the Committee has determined that it is in the 
best interest of the Company and its shareholders to grant the Award Holder 
an Award of restricted stock units



As of 2-7-17
------------------------------------------------------------------------

under the terms and conditions specified in this Agreement as an inducement 
to remain in the service of the Company and an incentive for increased 
effort during such service.


NOW, THEREFORE, the parties hereto agree as follows:


1.    Grant. The Company grants the RSUs to the Award Holder, subject to 
the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement. Except as otherwise 
set forth herein, the RSUs shall not entitle the Award Holder to any rights 
of a shareholder of Common Stock.


2.    Vesting and Forfeiture.


(a)    Restricted Period. The RSUs shall be restricted during a period (the 
“Restricted Period”) beginning on the Grant Date and expiring on the 
date(s) that they vest in accordance with the next sentence (the “Vesting 
Date(s)”), provided that the RSUs have not vested early or been forfeited 
pursuant to Section 2(c) below and: (i) the Award Holder is in Service (as 
hereafter defined) on the Vesting Date; or (ii) the Award Holder is 
Retirement Eligible (as hereafter defined) prior to the date the Award 
Holder terminates Service and the Award Holder has not, at any time prior 
to or on the Vesting Date, become an employee of a competitor of the 
Company or any of its Affiliates or otherwise engaged in any activity that 
is competitive with the Company or any of its Affiliates, as determined by 
the Company in its sole discretion. The Vesting Dates are, for the first of 
four equal installments of the RSUs, the six-month anniversary of the Grant 
Date (the “Initial Vesting Date”), and for each of the remaining three 
installments, respectively, the first, second and third anniversaries of 
the Initial Vesting Date.


(b)     Certain Definitions.  


(i) “Service” means that the Award Holder is employed by, or a Third Party 
Service Provider or member of the board of directors of, the Company or an 
Affiliate.


(ii) “Retirement Eligible” means that the Award Holder has either attained 
age 60 and completed 10 years of Service as an Employee or attained age 65 
and completed 5 years of Service as an Employee.


(iii) “Disability” means that the Award Holder either:


      (A) is unable to engage in any substantial gainful activity by reason
      of any medically determinable physical or mental impairment that can
      be expected to result in death or can be expected to last for a
      continuous period of not less than 12 months and, with respect to an
      Award Holder who is an Employee, is receiving income replacement
      benefits for a period of not less than three months under an accident
      and health plan (e.g. a long term disability plan) covering Employees
      of the Company or Affiliate that employs the Award Holder; or


      (B) has been determined to be totally disabled by the Social Security
      Administration or Railroad Retirement Board.



As of 2-7-17

------------------------------------------------------------------------

(c)    Termination of Service. During the Restricted Period, the RSUs may 
be subject to early vesting or forfeiture in accordance with the following 
provisions:


(i)    Death or Disability. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Vesting Date 
shall be the date of the Award Holder’s death or Disability if the Award 
Holder dies or becomes Disabled: (a) while in Service; or (b) after 
terminating Service if the Award Holder (1) was Retirement Eligible on the 
date of such termination of Service, and (2) had not, at any time prior to 
the date of the Award Holder’s death or Disability, become an employee of a 
competitor of the Company or any of its Affiliates or otherwise engaged in 
any activity that is competitive with the Company or any of its Affiliates, 
as determined by the Company in its sole discretion. On such Vesting Date, 
any of the RSUs that were outstanding but not vested shall immediately 
vest.


(ii)    Divestiture of Employer.  If the Company divests its controlling 
interest in an Affiliate, or if its control of such Affiliate otherwise 
ceases, and the Award Holder is in Service to such Affiliate and is not in 
Service to the Company or another Affiliate, then all unvested RSUs shall 
be forfeited to the Company on the date of such divestiture or cessation of 
control, except if the Award Holder is Retirement Eligible on such date, in 
which case the Award Holder may continue to vest in accordance with Section 
2(a).


(iii)     Other Termination of Service. If the Award Holder ceases to be in 
Service prior to becoming Retirement Eligible under circumstances other 
than those set forth in the foregoing subsections (i) or (ii), or if the 
Award Holder’s Service is terminated for Substantial Cause prior to or 
after becoming Retirement Eligible, all unvested RSUs held by the Award 
Holder shall be forfeited to the Company on the date of such cessation of 
Service or termination, notwithstanding any otherwise applicable term of 
this Agreement that provided for vesting or non-forfeitability, including 
(but not limited to) Section 2(a).


3.     Conversion of RSUs; Issuance of Common Stock. Except as otherwise 
provided in Section 8, the Company shall cause one share of Common Stock to 
be issued, within the time period provided below, for each RSU that is 
vesting upon the applicable Vesting Date.


Any issuance of Common Stock shall be subject to applicable tax withholding 
obligations as described in Section 6 and shall be in book-entry form, 
registered in the Award Holder’s name (or in the name of the Award Holder’s 
Representative, as the case may be), in payment of whole RSUs. Except as 
otherwise provided in Section 8, in no event shall the date that Common 
Stock is issued to the Award Holder (“Settlement Date”) occur later than 
the first to occur of (a) March 15th following the calendar year in which 
the Vesting Date occurred, or (b) ninety (90) days following the applicable 
Vesting Date.


4.     Dividend Equivalents. If a cash dividend is declared and paid by the 
Company with respect to the Common Stock during the Restricted Period, the 
Award Holder shall be entitled to receive a cash payment equal to the total 
cash dividend the Award Holder would have received had the RSUs been actual 
shares of Common Stock, subject to applicable tax withholding obligations 
as described in Section 6. The cash payment shall be made on the date that 
the dividends are payable to holders of Common Stock (the “Dividend Payment 
Date”).  The rules of Treas. Reg. § 1.409A-3(d) shall be applied in 
determining whether a cash payment is made on the Dividend Payment Date.



As of 2-7-17

------------------------------------------------------------------------

5.    Fair Market Value of Common Stock. The fair market value (“Fair 
Market Value”) of a share of Common Stock shall be determined for purposes 
of this Agreement by reference to the closing price of a share of Common 
Stock as reported by the New York Stock Exchange (or such other exchange on 
which the shares of Common Stock are primarily traded) for the Grant Date 
or Vesting Date, as applicable, or if no prices are reported for that day, 
the last preceding day on which such prices are reported (or, if for any 
reason no such price is available, in such other manner as the Committee in 
its sole discretion may deem appropriate to reflect the fair market value 
thereof).


6.    Withholding of Taxes. The Award Holder acknowledges that the vesting 
of the RSUs will result in the Award Holder being subject to payroll taxes 
upon the Vesting Date (to the extent that payroll taxes have not previously 
become due) and that the conversion of the RSUs to Common Stock will result 
in the Award Holder being subject to income taxes upon the Settlement Date. 
Upon a required withholding date, the Company will deduct from the shares 
of Common Stock that are otherwise due to be delivered to the Award Holder 
a number of whole shares of Common Stock having a Fair Market Value not in 
excess of the tax withholding requirements based on the maximum statutory 
withholding rates for the Award Holder for federal, state and local tax 
purposes (including the Award Holder’s share of payroll or similar taxes) 
in the applicable jurisdiction, and the Award Holder shall remit to the 
Company in cash any and all applicable withholding taxes that exceed the 
amount available to the Company using whole shares.


The Award Holder further acknowledges that the Award Holder will be subject 
to payroll taxes upon becoming Retirement Eligible prior to termination of 
the Award Holder’s Service and agrees that the Company or its Affiliate 
shall withhold such payroll taxes from any other compensation paid by the 
Company or its Affiliate to the Award Holder.


The Company shall withhold from any dividend equivalents paid during the 
Restricted Period an amount not in excess of the tax withholding 
requirements based on the maximum statutory withholding rates for the Award 
Holder for federal, state and local tax purposes (including the Award 
Holder’s share of payroll or similar taxes) in the applicable jurisdiction.


7.    Code Section 409A.  The Company intends that the Award hereunder 
shall either be exempt from the application of, or compliant with, the 
requirements of Section 409A and this Award Agreement shall be interpreted 
and administered in accordance with such intent. In no event shall the 
Company and/or its Affiliates be liable for any tax, interest or penalties 
that may be imposed on the Award Holder (or the Award Holder’s estate) 
under Code Section 409A.


8.    Shares to be Issued in Compliance with Federal Securities Laws and 
Other Rules. No shares of Common Stock issuable in settlement of the RSUs 
shall be issued and delivered unless and until there shall have been full 
compliance with all applicable requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, 
as amended (whether by registration or satisfaction of exemption 
conditions), all applicable listing requirements of the New York Stock 
Exchange (or such other exchange(s) or market(s) on which shares of the 
same class are then listed) and any other requirements of law or of any 
regulatory bodies having jurisdiction over such issuance and delivery. The 
Company shall use its best efforts and take all necessary or appropriate 
actions to assure that such full compliance on the part of the Company is 
made. By signing this Agreement, the Award Holder represents and



As of 2-7-17

------------------------------------------------------------------------

warrants that none of the shares to be acquired in settlement of the RSUs 
will be acquired with a view towards any sale, transfer or distribution of 
said shares in violation of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the 
“Act”), and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, or any 
applicable “blue sky” laws, and that the Award Holder hereby agrees to 
indemnify the Company in the event of any violation by the Award Holder of 
such Act, rules, regulations or laws. The Company will use its best efforts 
to complete all actions necessary for such compliance so that settlement 
can occur within the period specified in Section 3; provided that if the 
Company reasonably anticipates that settlement within such period will 
cause a violation of applicable law, settlement may be delayed provided 
that settlement occurs at the earliest date at which the Company reasonably 
anticipates that such settlement will not cause a violation of applicable 
law, all in accordance with Treas. Reg. § 1.409A-2(b)(7)(ii).


9.    No Assignment or Other Transfer. During the Restricted Period, 
neither this Agreement, the RSU nor any rights and privileges granted 
hereby may be transferred, assigned, pledged or hypothecated in any way, 
whether by operation of the law or otherwise, except by will or the laws of 
descent and distribution. Without limiting the generality of the preceding 
sentence, no rights or privileges granted hereby may be assigned or 
otherwise transferred during the Restricted Period to the spouse or former 
spouse of the Award Holder pursuant to any divorce proceedings, settlement 
or judgment. Any attempt to transfer, assign, pledge, hypothecate or 
otherwise dispose of this Agreement, the RSUs or any other rights or 
privileges granted hereby contrary to the provisions hereof shall be null 
and void and of no force or effect.


10.    Certain Adjustments; Change in Control.


(a)    The provisions of Sections 4.4 and 19.2 of the Plan relating to 
certain adjustments in the case of stock splits, reorganizations, equity 
restructurings and similar matters described therein are hereby 
incorporated in and made a part of this Agreement. Any such adjustments 
shall be made by the Committee, whose determination as to what adjustments 
shall be made, and the extent thereof, shall be final, binding and 
conclusive. No fractional shares of Common Stock shall be issued under the 
Plan on any such adjustment.


(b)    The RSUs may be subject to termination or early vesting in 
connection with a Change in Control in accordance with the provisions of 
Section 18.3 of the Plan.


11.    Participation by Award Holder in Other Company Plans. Nothing herein 
contained shall affect the right of the Award Holder to participate in and 
receive benefits under and in accordance with the then current provisions 
of any retirement plan or employee welfare benefit plan or program of the 
Company or of any Affiliate of the Company, subject in each case, to the 
terms and conditions of any such plan or program.


12.    Not an Employment or Service Contract. Nothing herein contained 
shall be construed as an agreement by the Company or any of its Affiliates, 
expressed or implied, to employ or contract for the services of the Award 
Holder, to restrict the right of the Company or any of its Affiliates to 
discharge the Award Holder or cease contracting for the Award Holder’s 
services or to modify, extend or otherwise affect in any manner whatsoever, 
the terms of any employment



As of 2-7-17

------------------------------------------------------------------------

agreement or contract for services which may exist between the Award Holder 
and the Company or any of its Affiliates.


13.    Agreement Subject to the Plan. The RSUs hereby granted are subject 
to, and the Company and the Award Holder agree to be bound by, all of the 
terms and conditions of the Plan, as the same may be amended from time to 
time hereafter in accordance with the terms thereof, but no such amendment 
shall adversely affect the Award Holder’s rights under this Agreement 
without his or her prior written consent. To the extent that the terms or 
conditions of this Agreement conflict with the terms or conditions of the 
Plan, the Plan shall govern.


14.    Arbitration.  Notwithstanding the terms of any other agreement in 
effect between the parties, all disputes related to this Agreement or any 
RSUs granted hereunder shall be submitted to final and binding arbitration 
with the American Arbitration Association (“AAA”) pursuant to the AAA 
Employment Arbitration Rules and Mediation Procedures (“AAA Rules”) as 
amended from time to time. A copy of the AAA Rules is available to the 
Award Holder upon written request to the Company’s Director of Human 
Resources at One East Wacker Drive, Chicago, Illinois 60601 (or such other 
address as the Company may specify from time to time), or may be obtained 
online at: www.adr.org.


To initiate arbitration, either party must file a Demand for Arbitration 
(“Demand”) in the manner described in the AAA Rules. After a Demand has 
been filed and served, either party may request that the dispute initially 
be mediated pursuant to the AAA Rules, in which event such dispute shall be 
mediated. If mediation does not fully resolve the dispute or if neither 
party requests mediation, then the matter will be subject to arbitration 
before a single arbitrator who shall have the power to award any types of 
legal or equitable relief (other than punitive damages) available in a 
court of competent jurisdiction, including, but not limited to, attorneys’ 
fees and costs, and all defenses that would be applicable in a court of 
competent jurisdiction shall be available. Unless provided otherwise in the 
arbitrator’s award, each party will pay its own attorneys’ fees and costs. 
To the extent required by law or the AAA Rules, all administrative costs of 
arbitration (including reimbursement of filing fees) and the fees of the 
arbitrator will be paid by the Company. The parties agree that no class 
action proceedings (or joinder or consolidation with claims of any other 
person) may be brought in connection with this Agreement without the 
written consent of both parties.


15.    Governing Law. This Agreement and any disputes hereunder shall be 
governed by and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the State of 
Delaware, without application of its conflicts of laws principles, and the 
Federal Arbitration Act.


16.    Miscellaneous. This Agreement, together with the Plan, is the entire 
agreement of the parties with respect to the RSUs granted hereby and may 
not be amended except in a writing signed by both the Company and the Award 
Holder. If any provision of this Agreement is deemed invalid, it shall be 
modified to the extent possible and minimally necessary to be enforceable, 
and, in any event, the remainder of this Agreement will be in full force 
and effect.


17.    Forfeiture and Clawback of Award. Notwithstanding the terms 
regarding vesting and forfeiture or any other provision set forth in this 
Agreement and as a condition to the receipt of



As of 2-7-17

------------------------------------------------------------------------

this Award, the rights, payments and benefits with respect to this Award 
are subject to reduction, cancellation, forfeiture, or recoupment by the 
Company if and to the extent required in accordance with Company policy as 
in effect from time to time (“Company Policy”), and/or as otherwise 
required by applicable law, rule or regulation of the Securities and 
Exchange Commission, or rule or listing requirement of the New York Stock 
Exchange as in effect from time to time (collectively with the Company 
Policy, “Applicable Requirements”) in connection with an accounting 
restatement or under such other circumstances as specified in the 
Applicable Requirements. Any action taken under this provision shall be 
made pursuant to the Company’s determination, which shall be final, binding 
and conclusive.


Additional Provisions Applicable to Executive Officers Only:


18.    Stock Holding Period. The Award Holder agrees to hold the shares of 
Common Stock acquired upon the vesting of the RSUs for a minimum of twelve 
months following their Vesting Date. This holding period shall not apply to 
shares of Common Stock withheld by the Company to settle tax liabilities 
related to vesting, and as otherwise may be provided under the Company’s 
Stock Ownership Policy.



 


As of 2-7-17

