 EX-10 2 exhibit101.htm
Exhibit 10.1

 

ADVISOR AND RESTRICTIVE COVENANT AGREEMENT

THIS ADVISOR AND RESTRICTIVE COVENANT AGREEMENT (this "Agreement"), dated 
as of December 29, 2016, is entered into by and between John A. Kanas (the 
"Mr. Kanas") and BankUnited, Inc., a corporation organized under the laws 
of the State of Delaware (the "Company").

WITNESSETH THAT:

WHEREAS, Mr. Kanas has invaluable knowledge and expertise regarding the 
Company and its businesses, customers and the communities it serves; and

WHEREAS, following Mr. Kanas' retirement as President and Chief Executive 
Officer of the Company, the Company is desirous of continuing to have the 
expertise and services of Mr. Kanas on the terms and conditions hereinafter 
set forth, including Sections 5 and 6, and Mr. Kanas is desirous of 
providing such expertise and services to the Company on such terms and 
conditions.

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants and agreements set 
forth below, and for other good and valuable consideration, Mr. Kanas and 
the Company hereby agree as follows:

1. Term.  The term of this Agreement shall commence on January 1, 2017 (the 
"Effective Date") and end on December 31, 2018 (the "Expiration Date"), 
unless terminated earlier as provided herein.  The period of time from the 
Effective Date through the Expiration Date or earlier termination of this 
Agreement is referred to herein as the "Term."  The Term shall 
automatically end upon termination of Mr. Kanas' services hereunder.

2. Advisory Services; Time Commitment.

(a) Advisory Services.  During the Term, Mr. Kanas shall perform the 
following services to the Company:  (i) provide advice and counsel to the 
Company regarding all aspects of its businesses, (ii) assist with special 
projects as requested by the Company, including acting as an advisor on 
strategic initiatives, (iii) assist the Company with the maintenance and 
development of community, client, potential client and other business 
relations, and (iv) perform such other advisory services consistent with 
Mr. Kanas' experience and expertise as the parties hereto may mutually 
agree upon from time to time during the Term.  In connection with the 
performance of the services, Mr. Kanas shall engage with and involve the 
appropriate employees of the Company and its subsidiaries in order to 
facilitate the growth of long-term relationships between clients and 
potential clients and the Company and its employees.

(b) Time Commitment.  During the Term, Mr. Kanas shall (i) dedicate that 
amount of his business time and attention that he deems reasonably 
necessary to the performance of the services hereunder (not to exceed 30 
hours per month), (ii) perform the services at such locations as he 
reasonably deems appropriate, (iii) use his reasonable best efforts to 
promote the best interests of the Company, and (iv) perform the services 
professionally and consistent with the applicable performance standards of 
the Company.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company and Mr. Kanas 
shall use their reasonable best efforts to ensure that the level of Mr. 
Kanas' services under this Agreement shall not exceed 20% of the average 
level of services Mr. Kanas performed over the 36-month period immediately 
preceding the Effective Date, consistent with the intent that Mr. Kanas' 
termination of employment with the Company constitutes a "separation from 
service" (within the meaning of Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code 
of 1986, as amended (the "Code")).

3. Remuneration and Related Matters.

(a) Fee.  During the Term, the Company shall pay Mr. Kanas an annual fee of 
$200,000 (the "Fee"), payable in arrears in equal monthly installments on 
the 15th day of each calendar month (or the following business day), with 
the first such payment for the month of January 2017 to be made on February 
15th, 2017.

(b) Office; Administrative Support; Expense Reimbursement.  During the 
Term, the Company shall provide Mr. Kanas with (i) an office at a location 
in New York, New York as selected by the Company (to be located at 135 East 
57th Street), (ii) administrative support provided by Mr. Kanas' assistant 
as of immediately prior to the Effective Date (or such replacement as Mr. 
Kanas may select upon his current assistant's retirement or termination) on 
the same basis as provided to Mr. Kanas prior to the Effective Date, which 
assistant shall remain an employee of the Company and receive compensation 
and benefits consistent with past practice,  and (iii) business travel and 
entertainment expense reimbursement consistent with the policies applicable 
to senior executives of the Company as in effect from time to time.

(c) Vesting Service.  For purposes of clarity, Mr. Kanas' provision of the 
services consistent with the terms of this Agreement during the Term shall 
constitute service for purposes of the continuous service requirement set 
forth in the agreements (the "Award Agreements") with respect to the 
unvested restricted share unit awards and performance unit awards listed on 
Schedule I attached hereto (the "Awards").  If during the Term, Mr. Kanas 
is terminated by the Company other than for "Cause" (as defined below) or 
terminates due to Mr. Kanas' death or "Disability" (as defined below), Mr. 
Kanas shall have the same rights to vesting as applied under the Award 
Agreements upon a similar termination of service thereunder, subject to Mr. 
Kanas' continued compliance with Sections 5 and 6 hereof.  For the 
avoidance of doubt, from and after the Effective Date, any rights under the 
Award Agreements that entitle Mr. Kanas to terminate for Good Reason (as 
defined in the Award Agreement) or upon expiration or due to non-renewal of 
the Employment Agreement and vest in such Awards shall cease and be of no 
further force or effect, and nothing contained herein shall modify the 
requirement that performance goals be satisfied in accordance with the 
terms of the Awards that are performance unit awards.

(d) Healthcare Benefits.  During the Term, Mr. Kanas and his eligible 
dependents shall be eligible to continue to participate in the Company's 
group health care plans as in effect from time to time, subject to Mr. 
Kanas' timely payment to the Company of the full premium for such coverage 
in the amount determined by the Company in its discretion (the "Health 
Benefits"), which premium shall be paid to the Company on an annual basis 
no later than January 31 of each calendar year during the Term.  Following 
the cessation of the Health Benefits coverage, Mr. Kanas and his eligible 
dependents shall be entitled to elect continuation coverage under the 
Company's group health care plans pursuant the health care continuation 
coverage mandated by the Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 
1985 (the "COBRA Benefits").

(e) Certain Definitions.  For purposes of this Agreement, the following 
terms shall have the meanings set forth below.

           (i)

"Cause" shall mean "Cause" as defined in Section 6(a)(ii) of the Employment 
Agreement between the Company and Mr. Kanas dated February 2, 2016 (the "
Employment Agreement"), taking into account any necessary modifications to 
reflect Mr. Kanas' change of status from an employee to a non-employee 
advisor consistent with the terms of this Agreement, replacing references 
to the Employment Agreement with references to this Agreement and including 
references to Sections 5 and 6 of this Agreement for purposes of the term 
"Material Provisions."

           (ii)

"Disability" shall mean "Disability" as defined in Section 6(b)(i) of the 
Employment Agreement, taking into account any necessary modifications to 
reflect Mr. Kanas' change of status from an employee to a non-employee 
advisor consistent with the terms of this Agreement and replacing 
references to the Employment Agreement with references to this Agreement.

(f) No Other Payments or Benefits.  Except as specifically provided herein, 
Mr. Kanas shall be entitled to no compensation or benefits from the Company 
with respect to the Services, shall not be eligible to participate in any 
employee benefit plans of the Company and its affiliates and shall not be 
credited with service or age credit for purposes of eligibility, vesting or 
benefit accrual under any employee benefit plan of the Company or its 
affiliates.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, Mr. Kanas' rights to 
compensation in connection with his service as a member of the Board of 
Directors of the Company shall not be affected by this Agreement.

4. Termination.

(a) Right to Terminate.  The Company may, at any time and in its sole 
discretion and upon approval of a majority of the Board of Directors of the 
Company, terminate the Term and this Agreement with or without Cause, with 
any termination for Cause to be effective immediately and any termination 
without Cause to be effective 30 days after written notice is delivered to 
Mr. Kanas by the Company.  Mr. Kanas may also terminate the Term and this 
Agreement by providing the Company with 30 days advance written notice of 
such voluntary termination.  Furthermore, the Term and this Agreement shall 
terminate effective immediately upon Mr. Kanas' death or Mr. Kanas' 
Disability.

(b) Consequences of Termination.  Upon termination of the Term and this 
Agreement for any reason (except as provided in the following sentence), 
the Company shall have no further obligations to Mr. Kanas under this 
Agreement, other than the obligation to pay or provide Mr. Kanas with the 
following:  (i) any rights with respect to the Awards as set forth in 
Section 3(c) based on the circumstances of Mr. Kanas' termination of 
service, (ii) any earned but unpaid portion of the Fee with respect to the 
period through the date of termination (pro-rated for any partial month), 
to be paid no later than the 30th day following the date of termination, 
(iii) the obligation to pay Mr. Kanas any reimbursable business expenses 
incurred prior to the date of termination consistent with Section 3(b)(iii) 
hereof, and (iv) the right to receive the COBRA Benefits.  Upon termination 
of the Term and this Agreement by the Company without Cause, in addition to 
the Company's obligations to Mr. Kanas under the prior sentence, subject to 
Mr. Kanas' continued compliance with Sections 5 and 6 hereof, the Company 
shall (A) continue to provide Mr. Kanas with the benefits under Section 
3(b) (other than those under clause (iii)) and the Health Benefits, in each 
case, through December 31, 2018, and (B) as liquidated damages for such 
termination, Mr. Kanas shall be entitled to any unpaid portion of the Fee 
for the period from the date of termination through and including the 
Expiration Date, with such amount to be paid in a lump sum within 30 days 
of the date of termination.

(c) Full Settlement.  The payments and benefits provided under this Section 
4 shall be in full satisfaction of the Company's obligations to Mr. Kanas 
upon his termination of services hereunder or of this Agreement for any 
reason, notwithstanding the remaining length of the Term, and, subject to 
the aforesaid, Mr. Kanas shall not be entitled to any other payments or 
benefits (or other damages in respect of a termination or claim for breach 
of this Agreement) beyond those specified in this Section 4.

5. Non-Competition; Non-Solicitation of Employees.

(a) Non-Competition.  Except as otherwise agreed in writing by a majority 
of the members of the Board of Directors of the Company, Mr. Kanas will 
not, during the period commencing on the Effective Date and ending on the 
second anniversary of the termination of this Agreement (the "Restricted 
Period"), directly or indirectly, render services to or engage in a 
Competitive Business (as defined below), whether individually or as a 
director, stockholder, other owner, investor, member, partner, principal, 
proprietor, agent, consultant, officer, employee or otherwise, whether or 
not for compensation.  For purposes of this Agreement, "Competitive 
Business" means any depository institution or holding company thereof or 
any other firm, corporation or other entity that engages, directly or 
indirectly, anywhere in the United States, in any activity in which the 
Company and its affiliates engage, including without limitation, commercial 
banking, retail banking, savings banking, commercial and consumer lending, 
trust and investment advisory services, or any similar lending, banking or 
advisory services.  For the avoidance of doubt, it shall not be a violation 
of this Section 5(a) for Mr. Kanas to serve as a principal, partner, 
director, employee, consultant or advisor to a private equity firm or hedge 
fund, provided that such activities do not involve advising such firm or 
fund with respect to, or analyzing investments in, the Company or its 
affiliates.  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, 
Mr. Kanas may, directly or indirectly, own, solely as an investment, 
securities of any person engaged in a Competitive Business that are 
publicly traded on a national or regional stock exchange or on the 
over-the-counter market if Mr. Kanas (i) is not a controlling person of, or 
a member of a group which controls, such person and (ii) does not, directly 
or indirectly, own 9.9% or more of any class of securities of such person.

(b) Non-Solicitation and No Hire of Employees.  During the Restricted 
Period, Mr. Kanas shall not, directly or indirectly, whether individually 
or as a director, stockholder, other owner, investor, member, partner, 
principal, proprietor, agent, consultant, officer, employee or otherwise 
(other than on behalf of the Company), (i) initiate or respond to 
communications with any of the employees of the Company or its subsidiaries 
who earned annually a base salary of $100,000 or more as an employee of the 
Company or its subsidiaries during the 12-month period prior to such 
solicitation or earlier termination of such individual's employment with 
the Company or its subsidiaries, for the purpose of soliciting such 
employee to work for any other business, individual, partnership, firm, 
corporation or other entity, or (ii) employ or engage any individual who, 
at any time within the 12-month period immediately preceding such 
employment or engagement, was an employee of the Company or its 
subsidiaries; provided, however, that the foregoing prohibition on 
solicitation shall not apply if such solicitation is a direct result of a 
general advertisement or solicitation that is made to the public generally 
that is not specifically targeted at employees of the Company or its 
subsidiaries.

(c) Non-Solicitation of Clients.  During the Restricted Period, Mr. Kanas 
shall not, directly or indirectly, whether individually or as a director, 
stockholder, other owner, investor, member, partner, principal, proprietor, 
agent, consultant, officer, employee or otherwise (other than on behalf of 
the Company), solicit or attempt in any manner to persuade any client or 
customer of the Company or its subsidiaries to cease to do business, to 
refrain from doing business or to reduce the amount of business which any 
client or customer has customarily done or contemplates doing with the 
Company or its subsidiaries, or interfere with or damage (or attempt to 
interfere with or damage) any relationship between the Company and its 
subsidiaries and any client or customer.

6. Confidentiality; Return of Company Property.

(a) Mr. Kanas will not at any time (whether during or after the Term) (i) 
retain or use for the benefit, purposes or account of Mr. Kanas or any 
other person; or (ii) disclose, divulge, reveal, communicate, share, 
transfer or provide access to any person outside the Company or its 
subsidiaries or affiliates (other than its professional advisers who are 
bound by confidentiality obligations), any non-public, proprietary or 
confidential information – including, without limitation, trade secrets, 
know-how, research and development, software, databases, inventions, 
processes, formulae, technology, designs and other intellectual property, 
information concerning finances, investments, profits, pricing, costs, 
products, services, vendors, customers, clients, partners, investors, 
personnel, compensation, recruiting, training, advertising, sales, 
marketing, promotions, government and regulatory activities and approvals 
concerning the past, current or future business, activities and operations 
of the Company, its subsidiaries or affiliates and/or any third party that 
has disclosed or provided any of same to the Company or its subsidiaries or 
affiliates on a confidential basis ("Confidential Information") without the 
prior written authorization of the Company.  Confidential Information shall 
not include any information that is (A) generally known to the industry or 
the public other than as a result of Mr. Kanas' breach of this covenant or 
any breach of other confidentiality obligations by third parties; (B) made 
legitimately available to Mr. Kanas by a third party without breach of any 
confidentiality obligation; or (C) required by law to be disclosed 
(including via subpoena); provided that Mr. Kanas shall give prompt notice 
to the Company of such requirement of law, disclose no more information 
than is so required, and cooperate with any attempts by the Company to 
obtain a protective order or similar treatment.  Nothing contained in this 
Agreement is intended to, or shall be interpreted in a manner that does, 
limit or restrict Mr. Kanas from exercising any legally protected 
whistleblower rights (including pursuant to Rule 21F under the Securities 
Exchange Act of 1934).

(b) Upon termination of Mr. Kanas' services with the Company for any 
reason, Mr. Kanas shall (i) cease and not thereafter commence use of any 
Confidential Information or intellectual property (including, without 
limitation, any patent, invention, copyright, trade secret, trademark, 
trade name, logo, domain name or other source indicator) owned or used by 
the Company, its subsidiaries or affiliates; (ii) immediately destroy, 
delete, or return to the Company, at the Company's option, all originals 
and copies in any form or medium (including memoranda, books, papers, 
plans, computer files, letters and other data) in Mr. Kanas' possession or 
control (including any of the foregoing stored or located in Mr. Kanas' 
office, home, laptop or other computer, whether or not company property) 
that contain Confidential Information or otherwise relate to the business 
of the Company, its affiliates and subsidiaries, except that Mr. Kanas may 
retain only those portions of any personal notes, notebooks and diaries 
that do not contain any Confidential Information and Mr. Kanas' rolodex (or 
other physical or electronic address book); and (iii) fully cooperate with 
the Company regarding the delivery or destruction of any other Confidential 
Information not within Mr. Kanas' possession or control of which Mr. Kanas 
is or becomes aware.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, Mr. Kanas may retain 
Mr. Kanas' rolodex and similar address books.  Nothing contained in this 
Agreement shall limit Mr. Kanas' obligations under Section 8 of the 
Employment Agreement or his fiduciary obligations to the Company.

7. Enforcement; Remedies; Blue Pencil.  Mr. Kanas acknowledges that (a) the 
provisions of Sections 5 and 6 are fundamental and essential for the 
protection of the Company's and its subsidiaries' legitimate business and 
proprietary interests; (b) such provisions are reasonable and appropriate 
in all respects and impose no undue hardship on Mr. Kanas; and (c) in the 
event of any violation by Mr. Kanas of any of such provisions, the Company 
and its subsidiaries will suffer irreparable harm and their remedies at law 
may be inadequate.  In recognition of this fact, Mr. Kanas agrees that, in 
the event of such a breach or threatened breach, in addition to any 
remedies at law and the Company's right to cease providing any benefits 
under this Agreement, including with respect to the Awards, the Company 
shall be entitled to seek a temporary or permanent injunction or any other 
equitable remedy which may then be available.  It is expressly understood 
and agreed that although the parties to this Agreement consider the 
restrictions contained in Sections 5 and 6 to be reasonable, if a final 
judicial determination is made by a court of competent jurisdiction, that 
the time or territory or any other restriction contained in this Agreement 
is an unenforceable restriction against Mr. Kanas, the provisions of this 
Agreement shall not be rendered void but shall be deemed amended to apply 
as to such maximum time and territory and to such maximum extent as such 
court may judicially determine or indicate to be enforceable. 
Alternatively, if any court of competent jurisdiction finds that any 
restriction contained in this Agreement is unenforceable, and such 
restriction cannot be amended so as to make it enforceable, such finding 
shall not affect the enforceability of any of the other restrictions 
contained herein. The period of time during which the provisions of Section 
5 shall be in effect shall be extended by the length of time during which 
Mr. Kanas is in breach of the terms thereof as determined by any court of 
competent jurisdiction on the Company's application for injunctive relief.

8. Status as an Independent Contractor.  The Company and Mr. Kanas 
acknowledge and agree that the Company shall not exercise general 
supervision or control over the time, place or manner in which Mr. Kanas 
provides the services hereunder, and that in performing the services 
pursuant to this Agreement Mr. Kanas shall be acting and shall act at all 
times as an independent contractor only and not as an employee, agent or 
partner of or with the Company or its affiliates.  Mr. Kanas acknowledges 
that he is solely responsible for the payment of all Federal, state, local 
and foreign taxes that are required by applicable laws or regulations to be 
paid with respect to the remuneration payable hereunder, and the Company 
shall not be required to withhold and/or pay applicable employment taxes, 
except as otherwise required by applicable law or as determined by the 
Company in respect of the Awards. In the capacity as a non-employee 
advisor, Mr. Kanas shall have no authority to sign any document or extend 
any credit on behalf of the Company or to bind the Company in any way.  The 
Company acknowledges that Mr. Kanas is not prohibited by this Agreement 
from obtaining employment with or otherwise providing services to another 
entity during the Term, provided that, (i) such other employment or 
services do not interfere with Mr. Kanas' ability to perform his 
obligations under this Agreement or (ii) result in a violation of the 
obligations under Sections 5 or 6 of this Agreement, any provision of the 
Employment Agreement that survives the termination thereof or any fiduciary 
duty or other obligation that Mr. Kanas may owe to the Company.

9. Miscellaneous.

(a) Governing Law.  This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in 
accordance with the laws of the State of New York, without regard to 
conflicts of laws principles thereof that would direct the application of 
the laws of any other jurisdiction.

(b) Entire Agreement; Amendments.  This Agreement contains the entire 
understanding of the parties with respect to the services of Mr. Kanas to 
the Company on and after the Effective Date.  This Agreement may not be 
altered, modified, or amended except by written instrument signed by the 
parties hereto.  Nothing contained herein shall impact any rights or 
obligations of the Company or Mr. Kanas under the Employment Agreement that 
survive the termination of such agreement and Mr. Kanas' employment 
thereunder, including, without limitation, the rights under Section 3(b) 
with respect to the 2016 annual incentive, the Accrued Rights (as defined 
in Section 6(a)(viii)(C) of the Employment Agreement), and the rights the 
obligations Mr. Kanas and the Company under Section 7(a)(iii) of the 
Employment Agreement with respect to non-disparagement and Section 11(m) 
with respect to indemnification and insurance.  It is expressly understood 
and agreed that Mr. Kanas' cessation of services under the Employment 
Agreement is due to retirement and, as such, constitutes a voluntary 
resignation without "Good Reason" for all purposes of the Employment 
Agreement.  Notwithstanding anything contained in this Agreement, this 
Agreement may be, in whole or in part, terminated, modified, extended or 
completely extinguished only by the affirmative vote of a majority of the 
Board of Directors of the Company, and, in the case of any modification or 
extension, with the consent of Mr. Kanas.

(c) No Waiver.  The failure of a party to insist upon strict adherence to 
any term of this Agreement on any occasion shall not be considered a waiver 
of such party's rights or deprive such party of the right thereafter to 
insist upon strict adherence to that term or any other term of this 
Agreement.

(d) Severability.  In the event that any one or more of the provisions of 
this Agreement shall be or become invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any 
respect, the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining 
provisions of this Agreement shall not be affected thereby.

(e) Assignment.  This Agreement, and all of the respective parties' rights 
and duties hereunder, shall be assignable or delegable only pursuant to a 
written agreement executed by the parties hereto.  Upon such assignment, 
the rights and obligations of the respective parties hereunder shall become 
the rights and obligations of such affiliate or successor person or entity.

(f) Compliance with Code Section 409A.  The intent of the parties is that 
payments and benefits under this Agreement comply with Section 409A of the 
Code ("Section 409A") to the extent subject thereto, and, accordingly, to 
the maximum extent permitted, this Agreement shall be interpreted and 
administered to be in compliance therewith.  Notwithstanding anything 
herein to the contrary, (i) if at the time of Mr. Kanas' termination of 
service with the Company, Mr. Kanas is a "specified employee" as defined in 
Section 409A and the deferral of the commencement of any payments or 
benefits otherwise payable hereunder as a result of such termination is 
necessary in order to prevent any accelerated or additional tax under 
Section 409A, then the Company will defer the commencement of the payment 
of any such payments or benefits hereunder (without any reduction in such 
payments or benefits ultimately paid or provided to Mr. Kanas) until the 
date that is six months following Mr. Kanas' termination of service with 
the Company (or the earliest date as is permitted under Section 409A), (ii) 
if any other payments of money or other benefits due to Mr. Kanas hereunder 
could cause the application of an accelerated or additional tax under 
Section 409A, such payments or other benefits shall be deferred if deferral 
will make such payment or other benefits compliant under Section 409A, or 
otherwise such payment or other benefits shall be restructured, to the 
extent possible, in a manner, determined by the Company that does not cause 
such an accelerated or additional tax, (iii) to the extent required in 
order to avoid accelerated taxation and/or tax penalties under Section 
409A, Mr. Kanas shall not be considered to have terminated service with the 
Company for purposes of this Agreement and no payment shall be due to Mr. 
Kanas under this Agreement on account of any such termination until Mr. 
Kanas would be considered to have incurred a "separation from service" from 
the Company within the meaning of Section 409A, and (iv) each amount to be 
paid or benefit to be provided to Mr. Kanas pursuant to this Agreement 
shall be construed as a separate identified payment for purposes of Section 
409A. To the extent required to avoid an accelerated or additional tax 
under Section 409A, amounts reimbursable to Mr. Kanas under this Agreement 
shall be paid to Mr. Kanas on or before the last day of the year following 
the year in which the expense was incurred and the amount of expenses 
eligible for reimbursement (and in-kind benefits provided to Mr. Kanas) 
during any one year may not effect amounts reimbursable or provided in any 
subsequent year. The Company shall consult with Mr. Kanas in good faith 
regarding the implementation of the provisions of this Section 9(f); 
provided that neither the Company nor any of its employees or 
representatives shall have any liability to Mr. Kanas with respect to 
thereto.

(a) Successors.  This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be 
binding upon personal or legal representatives, executors, administrators, 
successors, heirs, distributees, devisees and legatees.  This Agreement and 
any rights and benefits hereunder shall inure to the benefit of and be 
binding upon the Company and its successors and assigns.  As used in this 
Agreement, "Company" shall mean the Company as hereinbefore defined and any 
successor to its business and/or assets as aforesaid which assumes and 
agrees to perform this Agreement by operation of law, or otherwise.  For 
purposes of this Agreement, "affiliate" means any entity that, directly or 
indirectly, controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with the 
Company.

(h) Notice.  For the purpose of this Agreement, notices and all other 
communications provided for in the Agreement shall be in writing and shall 
be deemed to have been duly given when delivered by hand or overnight 
courier or three postal delivery days after it has been mailed by United 
States registered mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, 
addressed to the respective addresses set forth below in this Agreement, or 
to such other address as either party may have furnished to the other in 
writing in accordance herewith, except that notice of change of address 
shall be effective only upon receipt.


       If to the Company, addressed to:

       BankUnited, Inc.
       14817 Oak Lane
       Miami Lakes, Florida 33016
       Attention: General Counsel

       If to Mr. Kanas, addressed to the most recent address of Mr. Kanas
       set forth in the personnel records of the Company.

(i) Cooperation.  If and to the extent requested by the Company or any of 
its subsidiaries, Mr. Kanas shall provide Mr. Kanas' reasonable cooperation 
in connection with any action or proceeding (or any appeal from any action 
or proceeding) which relates to events occurring during Mr. Kanas' service 
to the Company and its subsidiaries.  In respect of the foregoing 
cooperation, the Company shall provide reasonable compensation to Mr. Kanas 
and shall reimburse Mr. Kanas promptly for reasonable out-of-pocket 
expenses (including travel costs, lodging and meals); provided that such 
reimbursement shall be made no later than the end of the calendar year 
after the year in which the expenses are incurred.

(a) Counterparts.  This Agreement may be signed in counterparts, each of 
which shall be an original, with the same effect as if the signatures 
thereto and hereto were upon the same instrument.

(k) Survival.  The rights and obligations of the parties under the 
provisions of this Agreement shall survive, and remain binding and 
enforceable, notwithstanding the expiration or termination of this 
Agreement or of Mr. Kanas' services hereunder, to the extent necessary to 
preserve the intended benefits of such provisions.





[Signature Page Follow this Page]

------------------------------------------------------------------------

IN WITNESS THEREOF, Mr. Kanas has hereunto set his hand, and the Company 
has caused these presents to be executed in its name and on its behalf.

BANKUNITED, INC.



By:        /s/ Leslie Lunak                  
Name:   Leslie Lunak                         
Title:     Chief Financial Officer       


JOHN A. KANAS


/s/ John A. Kanas 
 


------------------------------------------------------------------------

Schedule I

Type of Award
Date of Grant
Number of
Unvested Shares
Vesting Date(s)
Restricted Stock Units
 
February 2, 2016
13,428
December 31, 2017
Restricted Stock Units
 
February 2, 2016
13,428
December 31, 2018
Performance Unit Award
 
August 12, 2015
9,315

 
June 30, 2017
(time vesting as performance period ended)
 
Performance Unit Award
February 2, 2016
40,285 at target*
December 31, 2018
 


*  Actual shares earned (if any) to be based on level of achievement of 
performance through the end of the performance period (December 31, 2018), 
except as otherwise set forth in the Award Agreement, in each case, on a 
basis no less favorable than as applies to actively employed executives 
holding similar awards.

