 EX-10.2 9 f1012g2017ex10ii_abthold.htm ASSET PURCHASE AGREEMENT
Exhibit 10.2 
 
ASSET PURCHASE AGREEMENT
 
THIS ASSET PURCHASE AGREEMENT (the “Agreement”) is made and entered into 
this May 27, 2015 by and between:
 
SHAHAN OHANESSIAN (referred to hereafter as “Seller”),
 
AND:
 
ABT MINING CO., INC. a Idaho corporation (“Buyer”).
 
WHEREAS:
 
Buyer agrees to acquire under the terms specified herein the right, title, 
interest, and benefit of proprietary technology known as “AutoClaim Domain” 
from Seller, also known as Technology Rights; and
 
WHEREAS:
 
Buyer also agrees to acquire all powers and privileges of the AutoClaim 
Domain including but not limited to make, have made, use, or sell under 
patent law; to copy, adapt, distribute, display, and perform under 
copyright law; and to use and disclose under trade secret law, also known 
as Distribution Rights embodied in or comprising the AutoClaim Domain.; and
 
WHEREAS:
 
Buyer agrees to acquire the business model, all United States and foreign 
patents and patents application, all trade secrets, know-how, confidential 
or proprietary information, all trademarks, service marks and trade names, 
all market research and information, contact lists, marketing materials, 
business plans, notes, documents and other intellectual property rights and 
legal protections in every and all countries and jurisdictions owned or 
claimed by Seller, also known as Proprietary and Intellectual Property 
Rights.
 
NOW THEREFORE, the Parties agree to the following:
 
DEFINITIONS:
 
1. “Business Day” shall mean any calendar day (other than Saturday and 
Sunday) on which the banks in New York City, New York USA are open for and 
conducting business.
 
2. “Reasonable Business Period” shall mean that period of time necessary to 
complete any act or action that a reasonable person in the conduct of a 
commercial enterprise would require in the venue the act is required to be 
preformed, subject to unforeseen delays, TIME IS OF THE ESSENCE 
emphasized.
 
3. “Due Diligence Period” shall apply to the calendar period following the 
date that the Letter of Intent was fully executed by the parties hereto and 
concluding the day of the Closing.
 
4. “Effective Date” Shall mean the transaction contemplated herein shall be 
effective as of 12:01 a.m. on the date of Closing.
 

 

 

 
NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the acknowledgements, promises, mutual 
covenants herein and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt of 
which is hereby acknowledged, the parties agree as follows:
 
Section 1. PURCHASE AND SALE. Seller agrees to sell all their interest to 
Buyer, and Buyer agrees to purchase all the Seller’s interest from Sellers 
subject to the terms and conditions contained herein, as follows:
 
(a) Buyer agrees to acquire under the terms specified herein the right, 
title, interest, and benefit of proprietary technology known as “AutoClaim 
Domain” from Seller, also known as AutoClaim Domain Rights; and
 
(b) Buyer also agrees to acquire all powers and privileges of the AutoClaim 
Domain including but not limited to make, have made, use, or sell under 
patent law; to copy, adapt, distribute, display, and perform under 
copyright law; and to use and disclose under trade secret law, also known 
as Distribution Rights embodied in or comprising the AutoClaim Domain.; and
 
(c) Buyer agrees to acquire the business model, all United States and 
foreign patents and patents application, all trade secrets, know-how, 
confidential or proprietary information, all trademarks, service marks and 
trade names, all market research and information, contact lists, marketing 
materials, business plans, notes, documents and other intellectual property 
rights and legal protections in every and all countries and jurisdictions 
owned or claimed by Seller, also known as Proprietary and Intellectual 
Property Rights.
 
Section 2. PURCHASE PRICE. Buyer agrees to pay to Seller the following for 
the Assets known collectively as AutoClaim Domain:
 
Buyer shall issue an additional 150,000,000 shares of Buyer’s common stock 
to Seller and/or his nominees.
 
Buyer shall pay Seller a total of Five Hundred Thousand Dollars 
($500,000.00) which shall be in the form of a Convertible Promissory Note 
for the Domain name known as www.autoclaim.com. Upon payment in full of the 
$500,000.00 Seller shall convey to Buyer the right and title to the 
www.autoclaim.com domain name.
 
Section 3. CLOSING.
 
3.1 Date of Closing. The closing of the transaction (the Closing) shall be 
held at Irvine, California or such other place as the parties may agree on 
or before May 27, 2015 subject to any extension by section 3.2 below. At 
the Closing, Sellers shall assign and transfer to Buyer evidence of owner 
ship in Seller, right and title to all assets, and all equity in Seller 
free and clear of all liens and encumbrances. Buyer shall provide all stock 
certificates in proper format subject to the terms of this agreement.
 
3.2 Extension of Closing. Notwithstanding the provisions of Section 3.1 to 
the contrary, Buyer shall be entitled to an extension of the Closing date 
of up to Fifteen (15) days.
 
3.3 Effective Date Cooperation. The parties acknowledge that from the date 
of the Letter of Intent through the Closing and after the Effective Date, 
cash may be received by one party but belong to another party and/or trade 
payables and receivables may be paid by one party yet be the responsibility 
of another party. The parties agree to cooperate, document on the running 
accounting statement any such monies, credits and /or debits, and give the 
non-receiving party notice, within fifteen (15) days, of receipt of any 
post Effective Date cash or accrual of any trade payables by a party for 
which payment is due to or from a party. Upon such reconciliation, either 
party owing money to another party shall pay the amount owed within fifteen 
(15) days of said reconciliation.
 

  	2 	 

 

 
Section 4. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF SELLER
 
In order to induce the Buyer to enter into this Agreement and the 
transactions contemplated hereby, Sellers, hereby represent and warrant to 
the Buyer as follows:
 
4.1 Authority. Sellers have full power and authority to enter into and 
perform their obligations under this Agreement. This Agreement constitutes, 
and all assignments, agreements and other instruments and documents to be 
executed and delivered by Sellers in connection with this Agreement will 
constitute, Seller’s legal, valid and binding obligations, enforceable 
against Sellers in accordance with their respective terms.
 
4.2 Ownership. Seller is the true and lawful beneficial and record 
owner/managers of all of Seller and Seller has good and marketable title 
thereto, free and clear of claims, pledges, liens, security interests, 
charges or other encumbrances. Seller has full right and power and 
authority to sell, transfer and deliver title. Upon delivery of the 
Preferred and Common shares at Closing as contemplated in this Agreement, 
Seller will transfer to the Buyer valid and marketable title thereto.
4.3 Financial Statements. Other than as set forth and as disclosed herein 
Seller makes no representations regarding the financial conditions, 
business or affairs of Seller.
 
4.4 No Subsidiaries. Seller does not own, either directly or indirectly, or 
have any investment in, own, or otherwise control, any corporation or other 
entity, or is a party to any partnership agreement, joint venture, or 
similar agreement.
 
4.5 Other Business Names. Seller and their predecessors and any companies 
acquired by or merged into them have not used any other business names in 
the past calendar year.
 
4.6 Sites. Seller has complied in all material respects with all municipal, 
state and federal statutes, ordinances, rules and regulations applicable to 
its respective business, included but not limited to, zoning, building, 
environmental and occupational, safety and health regulations.
 
4.7 Leases. Seller is not in default under any lease or subject to 
obtaining neither necessary consent nor will they be in default as a result 
of the execution of this Agreement or closing of the transactions 
contemplated hereby.
 
4.8 Tangible Personal Property. Seller is not in default under any such 
equipment leases and is not aware of any fact which, with notice and/or 
passage of time, would constitute such a default.
 
4.9 Intangible Personal Property. Seller has not received written notice of 
any claims or demands with respect to items of intangible personal 
property, and to Seller’s best knowledge, there are no claims or demands 
against Seller with respect to any of such items of intangible personal 
property. No proceedings have been instituted, or are pending against 
Seller, or to the knowledge of Seller, have been threatened against Seller 
to challenge the rights of Seller with respect to any such assets. Seller 
has not received written notice of any claims or demands relating to their 
right to use all trade names, trade secrets, or customer lists which they 
have used or which they are now using in connection with the business 
transacted by Seller. Seller has the unrestricted right to use, free from 
any rights or claims of others, all trade names, trade secrets, and 
customer lists which it has used or which it is now using in connection 
with its business.
 

  	3 	 

 

 
4.10 Assets and Inventory. As of the Effective Date, Seller will have good 
and marketable title in and to all of its assets and inventory, which is or 
will be free and clear of any security interests, consignments, liens, 
judgments, encumbrances, restrictions, or claims of any kind, other than as 
expressly provided in this Agreement.
 
4.11 Current Employees and Employment Practices. Seller represents that all 
employees of Seller are employees at will. No employment discrimination or 
unfair labor practice, charge or complaint against Seller has been filed, 
nor to the knowledge of Seller, is threatened to be filed with any court, 
agency or other entity having jurisdiction over Seller. To the knowledge of 
Seller, Seller has not been threatened by any former employee with any suit 
alleging wrongful termination or other discriminatory wrongful or tortuous 
conduct in connection with the employment relationship. None of the 
employees of Seller are represented by any labor organization or to the 
knowledge of Seller is there currently any union organizing activities with 
respect to such employees, nor has there been any such organizing activity 
within the past one (1) year. Seller has not engaged in any collective 
bargaining or similar agreement with any labor organization.
 
4.12 Insurance. Seller shall deliver prior to closing original or copies of 
any and all insurance policies which Seller has in effect covering itself 
or its employees, officers or directors, inventory, and equipment. Seller 
has had general liability insurance policies in full force and effect from 
the date Seller was formed through the Effective Date as part of the 
coverage afforded under a policy written to Seller.
 
4.13 Compliance with Applicable Laws. Seller represents that Seller is in 
compliance in all material respects with all federal, state, county, 
municipal, and governmental agency, laws, ordinances, rules, regulations, 
judgments, orders or decrees applicable to the conduct of its business or 
to the assets owned, used, or occupied by Seller, and have not received 
notice or advice to the contrary. Neither this Agreement nor the 
consummation of the transactions contemplated herein will (a) violate an 
order, writ, injunction, statute, rule or regulation applicable to Seller 
or (b) require the consent, approval, authorization or permission of or the 
filing with or the notification of any federal, state, local or foreign 
government agency except that necessary to comply with the laws rules and 
regulations of the State of Arizona, and the United States.
 
4.14 Environmental Compliance.
 
Seller represents that:
(a)Seller is not in violation of any federal, state or local laws, 
statutes, codes, ordinances, rules, regulations, permits or orders relating 
to or addressing the environment, heath, waste or safety (collectively, 
“Environmental Laws”), which shall include, but not be limited to, the use, 
handling or disposal of the record keeping, notification and recording 
requirements respecting any pollutant, hazardous substance, radioactive 
substance, toxic substance, solid waste, hazardous waste, medical waste, 
radioactive waste, special waste, petroleum or petroleum derived substance 
or waste, asbestos, or any hazardous or toxic constituent thereof 
(collectively “Hazardous Substance”) or work place or worker safety and 
health, nor have they received any written notices alleging that they are 
in violation of any such Environmental Laws; nor are they subject to any 
administrative or judicial proceeding alleging any violation of any such 
Environmental Laws, federal, state or local laws, statutes, codes, 
ordinances, rules, regulations, permits relating to the environment, 
health, medical waste or safety.
 

  	4 	 

 

 
(b) There is no pending lawsuit or administrative proceeding or, to 
Seller’s knowledge, threatened claim alleging that Seller is liable under 
any Environmental Law, including, without limitation, any Environmental Law 
related to the on-site or off-site disposal of Hazardous Substances. Seller 
has not received written notice from any person, including but not limited 
to any federal, state, or local governmental agency, alleging that Seller 
is liable under any applicable Environmental Law, including without 
limitation, any Environmental Law, related to the on-site or off-site 
disposal of Hazardous Substances.
 
(c) To Seller’s knowledge, there have been no releases, spills or 
discharges of Hazardous Substances on or underneath any of the real 
property leased by Seller which are the responsibility of Seller, and 
Seller has not disposed of Hazardous Substances on, at or under such 
properties.
 
4.15 Taxes. Seller represents that no assessments or additional tax 
liabilities (including all federal, state and local taxes, charges, 
penalties and interest) have been proposed or to the best of Sellers 
knowledge threatened against Seller or any of its assets, and Seller has 
not executed any waiver of the statute of limitations on the assessment or 
collection of such tax liabilities. There are no federal, state or local 
tax liens upon any of Seller assets other than inchoate liens for taxes not 
yet due and payable. There is no pending, to the Sellers knowledge, 
threatened audits against Seller. All current tax returns for Seller have 
been timely filed and are complete and accurate. All returns, declarations, 
reports, estimates, information returns and statements (“Returns”) required 
to be filed under any federal, state, local or foreign authority by Sellers 
have been filed and were in all material respects (and, as to Returns not 
yet due and filed on the date hereof, will be) true, complete, correct and 
filed on a timely basis. All taxes due and owing, or required to be 
withheld or collected by Sellers have been fully paid. Seller has adequate 
reserves to pay all taxes not yet due, including any taxes resulting from 
the transactions contemplated hereunder.
 
Except as may be required by the Internal Revenue Service (or state taxing 
authority) to clearly reflect the income or loss of Seller or any members 
of its consolidated group, Seller will not take any action or fail to take 
any action that could have the effect of reducing the amount of any net 
operating loss or other tax attribute attributable to Seller pursuant to 
the Code or any similar law of any other taxing jurisdiction, including, 
without limitation, the filing of any amended return or the reattribution 
of any net operating losses or similar items from Seller, or any affiliate 
of Seller.
 
4.16 Litigation. Seller represents that there are no actions, suits or 
proceedings pending or to their knowledge threatened against Seller which 
materially affect the ability of Seller to perform under this Agreement.
 
Section 5. LIMITATIONS ON REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES.
 
5.1 Limitations on Representations and Warranties. The Seller shall not be 
deemed to have made to Buyer any representation or warranty other than 
those expressly made by the Seller hereof. Without limiting the generality 
of the foregoing, and notwithstanding any otherwise express representations 
and warranties made by the Seller hereof, Seller makes no representation or 
warranty to Buyer with respect to:
 
(a) any projections, estimates, or budgets heretofore delivered to or made 
available to Buyer of future revenues, expenses or expenditures or future 
results of operations; or
 

  	5 	 

 

 
(b) except as expressly covered by a representation and warranty contained 
in Sellers Representations hereof, any other information of documents 
(financial or otherwise) made available to Buyer or its counsel, 
accountants or advisors with respect to Seller; notwithstanding the 
foregoing, the Sellers shall be liable if Sellers has knowingly furnished 
any other information or documents to Buyer which is materially incomplete 
or materially false.
 
5.2 Due Diligence Investigation. Buyer acknowledges that:
 
(a) Buyer will and does have the opportunity to visit with Seller and meet 
with the managing representatives of Seller to discuss the business and the 
assets, liabilities, financial condition, cash flow and operations of the 
business; and all materials and information requested by Buyer shall be 
provided to Buyer to Buyers reasonable satisfaction.
 
(b) Buyer acknowledges that it will make its own independent examination, 
investigation, analysis and evaluation of Seller. The Seller acknowledges 
that the Buyer will have full and complete access to all of the books, 
records and assets of Seller and the opportunity to personally inspect the 
assets, operations and talk with the personnel employed by Seller to the 
extent it has desired to do so with respect to this transaction.
 
(c) Buyer acknowledges that it will undertaken such due diligence, as time 
is of the essence, (including but not limited to a review of the assets, 
liabilities, books, records and contracts of Seller) as Buyer deems 
adequate, including that described above.
 
Section 6. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF BUYER
 
In order to induce the Seller to enter into this Agreement and the 
transactions contemplated hereby, Buyer hereby represents and warrants to 
Seller as follows:
 
6.1 Company Organization and Authority. Buyer is a corporation formed under 
the State of Idaho and has full power and authority to conduct Buyer’s 
business as now conducted and to enter into and perform Buyer’s obligations 
under this Agreement. This Agreement constitutes, and all agreements and 
other instruments and documents to be executed and delivered by Buyer will 
constitute, Buyer’s legal, valid law binding obligations, enforceable 
against Buyer in accordance with their respective terms.
 
Buyer, by Buyer’s authorized representative’s signature in whom authority 
rest to bind the Buyer hereto, has authorized the execution and delivery of 
this Agreement, the documents of transfer and assignment contemplated 
hereby and the consummation of all the transactions contemplated herein and 
the performance of all obligations of Buyer pursuant to this Agreement.
 
Section 7. COVENANTS AND AGREEMENTS OF SELLERS AND BUYER
 
7.1 Accounting; Cooperation of Parties. Buyer will assist Seller in the 
production of information for the preparation of financial statements and 
tax returns of Buyer that may become due of for which a taxing authority 
requires information with respect to this transaction.
 

  	6 	 

 

 
Section 8. DELIVERIES OF SELLER AT CLOSING
 
The Seller shall deliver the following at the Closing:
 
8.1 Evidence of Ownership. Seller will deliver to the Buyer duly endorsed 
documents transferring ownership with respect to title of assets of Seller.
 
8.2 Consents and Approvals. Seller shall have obtained all consents and 
approvals required for the transfer of such ownership to the Buyer.
 
8.3 Sellers Documents. The Seller shall have caused to be delivered to 
Buyer, at or before Closing, the following:
 
(a) A list of all assets owned by Seller along with intellectual property 
owned by Seller being delivered to Buyer.
 
8.4 Other Assurances. The Seller shall have delivered to the Buyer such 
other and further certificates, assurances and documents as Buyer may 
reasonably request in order to evidence the accuracy of the representations 
and warranties made pursuant to Seller’s Representations, the performance 
of covenants and agreements to be performed by Sellers at or prior to the 
Closing, and the fulfillment of the conditions to Buyer’s obligation.
 
Section 9. DELIVERIES OF BUYER AT CLOSING
 
The Buyer shall deliver the following at Closing:
 
9.1 Issuance of Stock Certificates. The Buyer shall issue the Preferred A 
and Common Stock Certificates as payment of the Purchase Price in the 
manner described in this Agreement.
 
9.2 Resolution of Board of Directors. Buyer shall deliver to the Seller the 
Agreed Board of Directors Resolution authorizing the acquisition of Sellers 
Assets and the appointment of Seller’s nominees to the Board of Directors 
of Buyer.
 
9.3 Execution of Convertible Notes. The Buyer shall execute the Convertible 
Promissory Note in favor of Seller.
 
9.2 Other Assurances. The Buyer shall have delivered to the Seller such 
other and further certificates, assurances and documents as Sellersmay 
reasonably request in order to evidence the accuracy of the representations 
and warranties made pursuant to Buyers Representations, and, the 
performance of covenants and agreements to be performed by Buyer at or 
prior to the Closing, and the fulfillment of the conditions to Seller’s 
obligations.
 
Section 10. INDEMNIFICATION
 
In addition to the indemnities included elsewhere in this Agreement, the 
parties hereto agree to indemnify and hold each other harmless as follows:
 
10.1 Indemnification by Seller. The Seller agrees to indemnify and hold the 
Buyer harmless at all times after the date of this Agreement from, against 
and in respect of:
 
(a) Any and all loss, liability, damage or deficiency resulting from any 
misrepresentation, breach of warranty or non-fulfillment of any covenants 
or agreements on the part of the Sellers contained herein or in any 
certificate or document furnished by the Sellers pursuant hereto and any 
loss or damage resulting from any claims, litigations, actions, suits, 
proceedings, judgments, counsel fees, costs and expenses incident to such 
misrepresentation, breach or non-fulfillment.
 

  	7 	 

 

 
10.2 Indemnification by the Buyer. The Buyer agrees to indemnify and hold 
the Sellers harmless at all times after the date of this Agreement from and 
against any and all loss, liability, damage or deficiency resulting from 
(i) any misrepresentation, breach of warranty or non-fulfillment of any 
covenants or agreements on the part of the Buyer contained herein or in any 
certificate or document furnished by the Buyer pursuant hereto and any loss 
or damage resulting from any claims, litigation, actions, suits, 
proceedings, judgments, counsel fees, costs and expenses incident to such 
misrepresentations, breach or non-fulfillment; and (ii) all liabilities 
arising out of or in connection with the operation of Seller after the 
Effective Date.
 
10.3 Third Party Claims. Should any claim be made by a person not a party 
to this Agreement with respect to any matter to which the foregoing 
indemnity relates, the party against whom such claim is asserted (the 
“Indemnified Party”) within a reasonable period of time, shall give written 
notice to the other party (the “Indemnifying Party”) of any such claim, and 
the Indemnifying Party shall thereafter defend or settle any such claim, at 
its sole expense, on its own behalf and with counsel of its selection. In 
such defense or settlement of any claims, the Indemnified Party shall 
cooperate with the Indemnifying Party to the maximum extent reasonably 
possible. Any payment resulting from such defense or settlement, together 
with the total expense thereof, shall be binding on Sellers and Buyer for 
the purpose of this paragraph.
 
10.4 Settlement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, should any claim be made by 
a person not a party to this Agreement with respect to any matter to which 
the foregoing indemnity relates, the Indemnified Party, on not less than 
thirty (30) days’ notice to the Indemnifying Party, may make settlement of 
such claim, and such settlement shall be binding on the Indemnifying Party 
and the Indemnified Party for the purpose of third party claims; provided, 
however, that if within said thirty (30) day period the Indemnifying Party 
shall have requested the Indemnified Party not to settle such claim and to 
deny such claim at the expense of the Indemnifying Party, the Indemnified 
Party will promptly comply and the Indemnifying Party shall have the right 
to defense on its own behalf with counsel of its selection. Any payment or 
settlement resulting from such claim, together with the total expense 
thereof, shall be binding on Seller and Purchaser for the purpose of this 
paragraph.
 
10.5 Mediation. In the event of any claim or dispute between the parties 
arising out of this Agreement, the parties agree to resolve any such 
dispute or disagreement by submitting such dispute first to mediation 
pursuant to the following procedures:
 
The parties shall mediate any dispute or disagreement upon the written 
demand of any party with a mediator chosen by mutual agreement of all 
parties in disagreement, pursuant to the following terms and conditions. In 
the event the parties to the mediation are unable to agree on a mediator 
each party shall appoint one mediator and the two appointed mediators shall 
appoint a third.
 
(a) Best Efforts. The parties agree to use their best efforts to resolve 
their dispute by mediation before proceeding to other means.
 

  	8 	 

 

 
(c) Fess and Costs. The fees and costs of the mediation shall conform to 
the then current fee schedule of AMA. Fees and costs of the mediation shall 
be borne equally by Purchaser and the Seller and each party shall pay its 
own professional fees and costs regardless of the mediation decision.
 
Section 11. FURTHER ASSURANCES; ACCESS AND INFORMATION;
 
CONDITIONS PRECEDENT
 
11.1 Further Assurances. The Seller and Buyer all hereby covenant and agree 
that at any time and from time to time they will promptly execute and 
deliver to the others such further instruments and documents and take such 
further action as the parties may from time to time reasonably request in 
order to further carry out the intent and purpose of this Agreement. 
Sellers and Buyer agree to execute and complete any and all Exhibits and 
supply any and all documentation necessary to complete the Agreement on or 
before Closing Date of this Agreement. Buyer and Seller agree to cooperate 
in the filing of applications, permits, forms, licenses, governing 
authority approvals, SEC filings, and any other documentation otherwise 
necessary to meet the Parties obligations under this Agreement and 
specifically the first sentence of this paragraph.
 
11.2 Access and Information. Buyer and its agents, attorneys, accountants 
and representatives have had full access to the respective properties, 
affairs, books, records, contracts and documents of Seller, including, 
without limitation, all contracts, leases, evidence of indebtedness and 
audit work papers of the internal auditors of the respective businesses, as 
Buyer has reasonably requested. Until the Closing, Buyer shall not disclose 
and shall cause its agents, attorneys, accountants and representatives not 
to disclose to any other party any confidential data or information 
secured, and, if the Closing does not occur as herein provided, Buyer will 
promptly return at Buyer’s expense, all books, records and other documents 
and papers obtained and all copies thereof.
 
11.3 Conditions Precedent. The obligations of the Sellers and Buyer to 
consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement are subject to 
the following conditions precedent:
 
(a) Approval of the material terms of this Agreement by the Board of 
Directors of Buyer;
 
(b) Any regulatory SEC or other state approval.
 
(c) In addition to the Certificates, Buyer has all operating authority, 
licenses, franchises, permits, certificates, consents, rights and 
privileges, as are necessary or appropriate to the operation of its 
business as now conducted and proposed to be conducted and which the 
failure to possess would have a material adverse effect on the assets, 
operations or financial condition of Quintessence.
 
(d) It is mutually and collectively agreed between all parties to this 
Agreement that;
 
(1) Any measure of lapse, interruption, and or impairments of any Licenses, 
material trademark, service mark, copyright, trade name, or any application 
with respect thereto, and any paragraph of this Agreement, may at the 
discretion of the Buyer constitute a suspension and or termination of this 
entire Agreement.
 
(2) The parties hereto agree that the suspension and or termination of this 
Agreement is subject to the free will, and or right, and or obligation of 
either Sellers, Buyer to cure any and all lapse, interruption, and or 
impairments within a “reasonable business period.” This Agreement will be 
acknowledged as suspended, and not terminated, upon notice to all parties 
by the party intended to cure, together with any overt act to cure. Such 
notice to cure and lapse of time will constitute an adjustment of any time 
or calendar date period accordingly. Such notice constitutes the beginning 
of the “Reasonable Business Period”.
 

  	9 	 

 

 
(3) Anything herein or elsewhere in this Agreement to the contrary and or 
notwithstanding, a failure to cure in the “Reasonable Business Period”, 
terminates this agreement at the option of the Buyer by operation of this 
section and clause, without further acts except that of notice, of any 
kind, to any party of this Agreement, and thereupon by operation of this 
paragraph terminated without future or past obligations or liability of any 
party.
 
Section 12. NATURE AND SURVIVAL OF REPRESENTATIONS
 
12.1 All representations, warranties, and agreements made by the Sellers in 
this Agreement, except as otherwise expressly stated, and shall survive the 
Closing and any investigation at any time made by or on behalf of the 
Sellers as follows:
 
(1) The representations, warranties and covenants contained in Sections 4.1 
and 4.2 hereof shall survive forever;
 
(2) The representations, warranties, and covenants contained in Section 
4.16 hereof shall survive for a period of six (6) months following the 
expiration of the relevant statue of limitations;
 
(3) The representations, warranties and covenants relating to all 
liabilities retained by Sellers or not specifically assumed by Buyer shall 
survive forever; and
 
(4) All other representations, warranties and covenants made hereunder by 
Sellers shall be effective for a period of twelve (12) calendar months 
following the Effective Date. Within said twelve calendar month period, 
Buyer must provide written notice to the Sellers of the breach of any 
representation, warranty or covenant, pursuant to which Buyer asserts a 
claim stating with particularity all material facts then known to Purchaser 
relating to such claim.
 
Section 13. MISCELLANEOUS
 
13.1 THIRD PARTY BENEFICIARY. Sellers and or Buyer, and or its successors 
and assigns are intended to be direct third-party beneficiaries of the 
covenants contained in this Agreement and may enforce the same in their own 
respective names, as applicable.
 
13.2 NOTICES; ADDRESSES. All notices, requests, demands, and other 
communications hereunder shall be in writing, and shall be deemed to have 
been duly given if delivered or mailed, first class postage prepaid, 
addressed as follows:
 
To Sellers: 	Shahan Ohanessian – 225 S Lake Avenue, Suite 300 - Pasadena, 
CA 91101
  	 
To Buyer: 	ABT Mining Co., Inc. – 301 Simplicity Avenue – Irvine, CA 92620
 
13.3 Expenses. Except as otherwise provided herein, the parties hereto 
shall pay all of their own expenses relating to the transactions 
contemplated herein this Agreement of which shall include, without 
limitations, the fees and expenses of their respective legal counsel and 
financial advisors.
 

  	10 	 

 

 
13.4 Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed simultaneously in two or 
more counterparts, each shall be deemed an original, but all of which 
together shall constitute one and the same instrument.
 
13.5 Severability. Any provision of this Agreement which is prohibited or 
unenforceable in any jurisdiction, shall as to such jurisdiction, be 
ineffective to the extent of such prohibition or unenforceability without 
invalidating the remaining provisions hereof, and any such prohibition or 
unenforceability in any jurisdiction shall not invalidate or render 
unenforceable such provision in any other jurisdiction.
 
13.6 Assigns/Assignments. This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to 
the benefit of the parties hereto any and all successors, assigns, or other 
successors in interest of the Buyer, AS and the Sellers.
 
13.7 Public Announcement. No party will make any public announcements with 
respect to this transaction without the approval of the other parties, 
except as otherwise required by law, and SEC Rules and Regulations.
 
13.8 Confidentiality. Except to the extent the parties agree or are 
required by law to make information public, the parties agree to keep the 
terms of this Agreement confidential and not to disclose the contents of 
this Agreement to any party other than employees of a party who agree to 
maintain such confidentiality and the professional advisors and 
representatives of the parties.
 
13.9 Remedies. In the event that any party defaults or fails to perform any 
of the conditions or obligations of such party under this Agreement or any 
other agreement, document or instrument executed in connection with this 
Agreement, or in the event that any such party’s representations or 
warranties contained herein or in any such other agreement, document or 
instrument are not true and correct as of the date hereof and as of the 
Closing, the other parties shall be entitled to exercise any and all rights 
and remedies available to them by or pursuant to this Agreement or at law 
or in equity, including specific performance.
 
13.10 Captions. The captions and headlines set forth in this Agreement are 
for convenience of reference only and shall not be constructed as part of 
this Agreement.
 
13.11 Merger Clause. This Agreement contains the final, complete and 
exclusive statement of the agreement between the parties with respect to 
the transactions contemplated herein and all prior or contemporaneous 
written or oral agreements with respect to the subject matter hereof are 
merged herein.
 
13.12 Amendments. No change, amendment, qualification or cancellation 
hereof shall be effective unless in writing and executed by all of the 
parties hereto by their duly authorized officers.
 
13.13 Governing Law. This Agreement shall be governed by, construed and 
enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of California.
 
13.14 Force Majeure. Neither party hereto shall be responsible for damages 
caused by the delay or failure to perform in whole or in part hereunder or 
noncompliance with any of the terms hereof when such delay, failure or 
noncompliance is caused by or results from acts of God, earthquakes, fires, 
floods, perils of sea, wars (declared or undeclared), terrorist acts, 
strikes, riots or any other causes beyond the control of the party who is 
in default or who is unable to comply with the terms of this Agreement, 
whether or not similar to those enumerated.
 
13.15 Pronouns. All pronouns and any variations thereof shall be deemed to 
refer to the masculine, feminine or neuter, singular or plural, as the 
identity of the parties require.
 

  	11 	 

 

 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Sellers and Buyer have executed this Agreement the day 
and year first above written.
 
Shahan Ohanessian 	 
(“Seller”) 	 
  	  	 
By: 	                 	 
Shahan Ohanessian 	 
 
 
For ABT Mining, Co., Inc. 	 
(“Buyer”) 	 
  	  	 
By: 	              	 
Imran Firoz 	 
President 	 
 
 
12
 
 