 EX-10.22 38 d201422dex1022.htm EX-10.22
Exhibit 10.22

Amphastar 2-1-17
 
 
 

ASSET PURCHASE AGREEMENT

between

ATHENEX, INC.

and

AMPHASTAR PHARMACEUTICALS, INC.

Dated as of February 1, 2017
 
 
 

------------------------------------------------------------------------
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
  	     	  	   	  	   	  	   	Page 	 
 ARTICLE I
   	
 PURCHASE AND SALE
   	  	4 	 
     	Section 1.01. 	   	 	   	
 Purchase and Sale
   	  	4 	 
     	Section 1.02. 	   	 	   	
 Transferred Assets and Excluded Assets.
   	  	5 	 
     	Section 1.03. 	   	 	   	
 Assumption of Liabilities; Retained Liabilities
   	  	6 	 
 ARTICLE II
   	
 CLOSING
   	  	7 	 
     	Section 2.01. 	   	 	   	
 Closing
   	  	7 	 
     	Section 2.02. 	   	 	   	
 Transactions To Be Effected at the Closing
   	  	7 	 
 ARTICLE III
   	
 REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF SELLER
   	  	8 	 
     	Section 3.01. 	   	 	   	
 Organization and Standing
   	  	8 	 
     	Section 3.02. 	   	 	   	
 Authority; Execution and Delivery; Enforceability
   	  	8 	 
     	Section 3.03. 	   	 	   	
 Non-Contravention and Approvals
   	  	8 	 
     	Section 3.04. 	   	 	   	
 Title to Assets
   	  	9 	 
     	Section 3.05. 	   	 	   	
 Litigation
   	  	9 	 
     	Section 3.06. 	   	 	   	
 Regulatory Approvals; Compliance Arrangements
   	  	9 	 
     	Section 3.07. 	   	 	   	
 Hikma Asset Purchase Agreement
   	  	9 	 
     	Section 3.08. 	   	 	   	
 API
   	  	10 	 
     	Section 3.09. 	   	 	   	
 Representations Complete
   	  	10 	 
 ARTICLE IV
   	
 REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF PURCHASER
   	  	10 	 
     	Section 4.01. 	   	 	   	
 Organization
   	  	10 	 
     	Section 4.02. 	   	 	   	
 Authority; Execution and Delivery; Enforceability
   	  	10 	 
     	Section 4.03. 	   	 	   	
 Non-Contravention and Approvals
   	  	11 	 
     	Section 4.04. 	   	 	   	
 Litigation
   	  	11 	 
     	Section 4.05. 	   	 	   	
 No Brokers’ Fees
   	  	11 	 
     	Section 4.06. 	   	 	   	
 Seller’s Representations; Independent Investigation
   	  	11 	 
 ARTICLE V
   	
 COVENANTS
   	  	13 	 
     	Section 5.01. 	   	 	   	
 Access to Information
   	  	13 	 
     	Section 5.02. 	   	 	   	
 Confidentiality
   	  	14 	 
     	Section 5.03. 	   	 	   	
 Publicity
   	  	15 	 
     	Section 5.04. 	   	 	   	
 Covenant Not to Sue
   	  	15 	 
     	Section 5.07. 	   	 	   	
 Insurance
   	  	15 	 
     	Section 5.06. 	   	 	   	
 Change in Ownership Letters
   	  	16 	 
     	Section 5.07. 	   	 	   	
 Tax Covenants
   	  	16 	 

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 ARTICLE VI
   	
 CLOSING DELIVERABLES
   	  	17 	 
     	Section 6.01. 	   	 	   	
 Seller Deliverables
   	  	17 	 
     	Section 6.02. 	   	 	   	
 Purchaser Deliverables
   	  	17 	 
 ARTICLE VIII
   	
 INDEMNIFICATION; SURVIVAL
   	  	17 	 
     	Section 7.01. 	   	 	   	
 Indemnification by Seller
   	  	17 	 
     	Section 7.02. 	   	 	   	
 Indemnification by Purchaser
   	  	17 	 
     	Section 7.03. 	   	 	   	
 Indemnification Procedures
   	  	18 	 
     	Section 7.04. 	   	 	   	
 Limitations on Indemnification
   	  	19 	 
     	Section 7.05. 	   	 	   	
 Calculation of Indemnity Payments
   	  	19 	 
     	Section 7.06. 	   	 	   	
 Exclusive Remedy
   	  	20 	 
     	Section 7.07. 	   	 	   	
 Tax Treatment of Indemnification
   	  	21 	 
     	Section 7.08. 	   	 	   	
 Survival
   	  	21 	 
     	Section 7.09. 	   	 	   	
 No Setoff Rights
   	  	21 	 
 ARTICLE IX
   	
 MISCELLANEOUS
   	  	22 	 
     	Section 8.01. 	   	 	   	
 Assignment
   	  	22 	 
     	Section 8.02. 	   	 	   	
 No Third-Party Beneficiaries
   	  	22 	 
     	Section 8.03. 	   	 	   	
 Expenses
   	  	22 	 
     	Section 8.04. 	   	 	   	
 Notices
   	  	22 	 
     	Section 8.05. 	   	 	   	
 Interpretation; Certain Definitions
   	  	23 	 
     	Section 8.06. 	   	 	   	
 Limitation on Damages
   	  	27 	 
     	Section 8.07. 	   	 	   	
 Counterparts
   	  	27 	 
     	Section 8.08. 	   	 	   	
 Entire Agreement
   	  	27 	 
     	Section 8.09. 	   	 	   	
 Severability
   	  	28 	 
     	Section 8.10. 	   	 	   	
 Governing Law
   	  	28 	 
     	Section 8.11. 	   	 	   	
 Jurisdiction
   	  	28 	 
     	Section 8.12. 	   	 	   	
 Service of Process
   	  	28 	 
     	Section 8.13. 	   	 	   	
 Waiver of Jury Trial
   	  	29 	 
     	Section 8.14. 	   	 	   	
 Amendments and Waivers
   	  	29 	 
     	Section 8.15. 	   	 	   	
 Specific Performance
   	  	29 	 
     	Section 8.16. 	   	 	   	
 Joint Drafting
   	  	29 	 
     	Section 8.17. 	   	 	   	Fulfillment of Obligations 	   	  	29 	 
 
 Exhibit A
   	 	   	
 Forms of Transfer Documents
 Exhibit B
   	 	   	
 Form of Purchaser Change in Ownership Letters
 Exhibit C
   	 	   	
 Form of Seller Change in Ownership Letters

------------------------------------------------------------------------
ASSET PURCHASE AGREEMENT dated as of                     , 2017 (this “
Agreement”), between Athenex, Inc., a Delaware corporation (“Purchaser”) 
and Amphastar Pharmaceuticals, Inc., a Delaware corporation (“Seller”).

WHEREAS, pursuant to an asset purchase agreement dated as of March 4, 2016 
(the “Hikma Asset Purchase Agreement”), Seller purchased certain assets, 
including the Transferred Assets (as defined herein), from Hikma 
Pharmaceuticals PLC, a public limited company incorporated in England and 
Wales (“Hikma”) (the “Hikma Acquisition”);

WHEREAS, Seller owns the Transferred Assets;

WHEREAS, Seller desires to sell, transfer and deliver the Transferred 
Assets to Purchaser and Purchaser desires to acquire such Transferred 
Assets, upon the terms and subject to the conditions of this Agreement.

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and the mutual agreements 
and covenants hereinafter set forth, and intending to be legally bound, the 
parties hereby agree as follows:


ARTICLE I

PURCHASE AND SALE

SECTION 1.01. Purchase and Sale.

(a) Purchase Price. Upon the terms and subject to the conditions of this 
Agreement, at the Closing, Seller will sell, transfer, assign, convey and 
deliver to Purchaser, and Purchaser will purchase, acquire and accept from 
Seller, all of Seller’s right, title and interest in, to and under the 
Transferred Assets as of the Closing, free and clear of all Liens (other 
than Permitted Liens) for (a) an aggregate purchase price of $6.4 million 
in cash to be paid in accordance with the terms and conditions of Section 
2.02(b) (the “Purchase Price”); and (b) the assumption by Purchaser of the 
Assumed Liabilities. The purchase and sale of the Transferred Assets and 
the assumption of the Assumed Liabilities are collectively referred to in 
this Agreement as the “Acquisition”.

(b) Royalty. In addition to the Purchase Price, Purchaser agrees to pay 
Seller a royalty fee equal to 2% of Net Sales (if any) which are derived 
from Purchaser’s sales of the Products from the Transferred Assets (the “
Royalty Fee”) for a period beginning as of the date of Closing and 
continuing until the tenth (10th) anniversary of the Closing Date (the “
Royalty Term”). Such Royalty Fee shall be cumulated, will be in U.S. 
Dollars and paid to Seller within forty-five (45) days of the end of each 
calendar quarter during the Royalty Term; it being understood that the 
Royalty Fee payments shall be reconciled, to the extent necessary, in any 
subsequent quarter during the Royalty Term or at the end of the Royalty 
Term, as the case may be, based on the actual Net Sales realized by 
Purchaser. Purchaser shall provide Seller with a written statement setting 
forth the number of Product units sold and the Royalty Fee due during

------------------------------------------------------------------------
each calendar quarter during the Royalty Term within thirty (30) days of 
the end of each calendar quarter. The Purchaser shall maintain and keep for 
a period of not less than two (2) years complete and accurate records in 
sufficient detail to enable any accrued royalties to be calculated. During 
normal business hours and with reasonable advance written notice but in no 
event less than twenty (20) Business Days and not exceeding once a year 
during the Royalty Term, Purchaser shall permit a Representative of Seller 
to have access to such records of Purchaser as may be necessary to verify 
the accuracy of the records related to the Royalty Fees paid to Seller (in 
each case, a “Seller Audit”); provided however that any such Seller Audit 
must take place no more than one (1) year following the end of the calendar 
year during the Royalty Term at issue and will be at Seller’s expense 
unless the mutually agreed upon accounting firm audit finds that the 
royalties have been under reported by more than 5%, in which case Buyer 
will pay for the audit. Promptly following Seller’s completion of any such 
Seller Audit (but in no event later than thirty (30) days following such 
completion), Seller shall deliver to Purchaser written notice of the 
results of such Seller Audit, including a description in reasonable detail 
of any proposed adjustments to the Royalty Fees actually paid to Seller for 
the applicable period covered by such Seller Audit. Seller and Purchaser 
will negotiate in good faith to resolve any dispute over Seller’s proposed 
adjustments to the Royalty Fees, provided that if any such dispute is not 
resolved within thirty (30) days following receipt by Purchaser of the 
proposed adjustments, either Purchaser or Seller may engage a mutually 
agreed upon accounting firm with a national presence (the “Accounting Firm
”) on behalf of Purchaser and Seller to resolve any remaining dispute of 
Seller’s proposed adjustments, which resolution will be final. The 
Accounting Firm will be instructed to deliver its written determination 
within thirty (30) days. The Accounting Firm will address only those items 
in dispute and may not assign a value greater than the greatest value for 
such item claimed by either party or a value smaller than the smallest 
value for such item claimed by either party. The fees and expenses of the 
Accounting Firm will be shared by the parties in inverse proportion to the 
percentage of the disputed amount determined by the Accounting Firm to be 
in favor of Seller, on the hand, and Purchaser, on the other hand. The 
calculation and amount of the Royalty Fees for the period covered by any 
Seller Audit will become final and binding on all parties upon the earliest 
of (i) Seller’s delivery of notice to Purchaser of the results of the 
Seller Audit whereby such results reflect Seller’s agreement with the 
amount of Royalty Fees actually paid to Seller, (ii) the mutual agreement 
of Seller and Purchaser with respect to any of Seller’s proposed 
adjustments to the Royalty Fees actually paid to Seller, and (iii) the 
Accounting Firm’s final resolution of any disputes submitted to the 
Accounting Firm. Promptly after such final determination of the amount of 
the Royalty Fees for the period covered by any Seller Audit: (x) if such 
finally determined Royalty Fee amount exceeds the amount actually paid to 
Seller, then Purchaser will pay to Seller an amount equal to such excess 
within thirty (30) days after such final determination; or (ii) if the 
amount of Royalty Fees actually paid to Seller exceed such finally 
determined Royalty Fee amount, then Seller will refund to Purchaser an 
amount equal to such excess within thirty (30) days after such final 
determination.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
SECTION 1.02. Transferred Assets and Excluded Assets.

(a) The term “Transferred Assets” means all of Seller’s right, title and 
interest in, to and under the following assets as they exist at the time of 
the Closing:

(i) all books, records, files, data and other documentation in the 
categories, to the extent applicable and obtained from Hikma, set forth in 
Section 1.02(a)(i) of the Seller Disclosure Schedule that are exclusively 
related to the Products or the Transferred Assets (except to the extent in 
the possession or control of a Governmental Entity or a contract 
manufacturer of the Products) and as provided in Section 5.01 
(collectively, the “Transferred Books and Records”);

(ii) all ANDAs listed in Section 1.02(a)(ii) of the Seller Disclosure 
Schedule (the “Regulatory Approvals”); and

(iii) all of the inventory for the Active Pharmaceuticals Ingredients (“
API”) as of the Closing listed in Section 1.02(a)(iii) of the Seller 
Disclosure Schedule.

(b) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, 
(A) no Excluded Asset (as defined below) shall be included within the 
Transferred Assets and (B) Seller shall not sell, transfer, assign or 
deliver to Purchaser, and Purchaser shall not purchase, acquire or accept, 
any right, title and interest of Seller in, to or under the Commingled 
Documents or any assets of Seller or its affiliates not expressly included 
in the Transferred Assets (all such other assets, the “Excluded Assets”); 
provided, that Seller shall use commercially reasonable efforts to provide 
Purchaser with access to the Commingled Documents in accordance with 
Section 5.01.

(c) Subject to Section 5.02(b) and in accordance with Section 5.01, Seller 
shall have the right to retain copies of and have access to the documents, 
materials and data relating to the ownership, use, sale, license or lease 
of the Transferred Assets prior to the Closing Date.

SECTION 1.03. Assumption of Liabilities; Retained Liabilities.

(a) Upon the terms and subject to the conditions of this Agreement 
Purchaser shall assume, effective as of the Closing, and shall pay, perform 
and discharge when due, any and all obligations, liabilities and 
commitments of any nature, whether known or unknown, express or implied, 
primary or secondary, direct or indirect, liquidated, absolute, accrued, 
contingent or otherwise and whether due or to become due (collectively, “
Liabilities”):

(i) related to or arising out of the ownership, use, sale, license or lease 
of the Transferred Assets by Purchaser from and after the Closing Date, 
including all Liabilities (A) related to or arising out of products 
liability Claims with respect to the Exploitation of any Product on or 
after the Closing Date or (B) related to or arising out of government 
seizures, filed corrections, withdrawals or recalls of Product sold on or 
after the Closing Date;

(ii) concerning the use of any third party Intellectual Property (“IP 
Liabilities”), arising out of or related to any Exploitation of Product on 
or after the Closing Date;

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(iii) for Transfer Taxes and Apportioned Obligations allocated to Purchaser 
under Section 5.07; and

(iv) related to or arising out of the matters set forth in Section 
1.03(a)(iv) of the Seller Disclosure Schedules.

The Liabilities referenced in clauses (i) through (iv) above are referred 
to, collectively, as the “Assumed Liabilities”.

(b) The term “Retained Liabilities” means all Liabilities of Seller and its 
affiliates, including without limitation to the extent related to the 
Transferred Assets, other than the Assumed Liabilities.


ARTICLE II

CLOSING

SECTION 2.01. Closing. The closing of the Acquisition (the “Closing”) shall 
take place by the electronic exchange of documents and signature pages on 
the date hereof (the “Closing Date).”

SECTION 2.02. Transactions To Be Effected at the Closing.

(a) At the Closing, Seller shall deliver or cause to be delivered to 
Purchaser duly executed binding term sheet, bills of sale, assignments, 
licenses and other instruments of transfer relating to the Transferred 
Assets, in each case in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A.

(b) At the Closing, Purchaser shall deliver or cause to be delivered to 
Seller within fifteen (15) business days of the Closing Date (i) payment, 
by wire transfer of immediately available funds to one or more accounts 
designated in writing by Seller (such designation to be made at least 
fifteen (15) days prior to the Closing Date), of $1.0 million and (ii) duly 
executed counterparts to the bills of sale, assignments, licenses and other 
instruments of transfer referred to in Section 2.02(a), and duly executed 
assumption agreements and other instruments of assumption providing for the 
assumption of the Assumed Liabilities, in each case reasonably acceptable 
to Purchaser and Seller. A second payment in the amount of $1.0 million 
will be made by Purchaser to Seller within 30 days of May 1, 2017. A third 
payment in the amount of $3.0 million will be paid within 30 days of 
receiving FDA approval of site transfer to sell Prochlorperazine Edisylate 
Injection USP and a fourth payment in the amount of $1.4 million will be 
paid by Purchaser to Seller within 30 days of FDA approval of site transfer 
of the second product to be FDA approved. If the third and fourth payment 
milestones are not reached by December 31, 2017, Purchaser will pay the 
balance of the $4.4 million within 30 days of December 31, 2017. All of the 
risk of loss with respect to the Transferred Assets (whether or not covered 
by insurance) shall be on Seller up to the time of the Closing, whereupon 
such risk of loss with respect to the Transferred Assets shall pass to 
Purchaser. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this 
Agreement except as a result of a breach by Seller or its affiliates

------------------------------------------------------------------------
of this Agreement, and/or during the pendency of any disputes arising under 
or related hereto (whether for breach of contract, tortious conduct or 
otherwise), in the event that Purchaser fails to make any of the required 
payments set forth in this Section 2.02(b) (“Payment Breach”), and fails to 
cure such Payment Breach within 45 days written of notice in accordance 
with Section 8.04 thereof, Purchaser agrees to transfer the ownership of 
the Transferred Assets to Seller and Purchaser shall have no right of 
recourse to any of the previous payments.

(c)


ARTICLE III

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF SELLER

Except as set forth in the disclosure schedules of Seller (the “Seller 
Disclosure Schedule”), Seller hereby represents and warrants to Purchaser 
as follows:

SECTION 3.01. Organization and Standing. Seller is a legal entity duly 
organized, validly existing and in good standing under the Laws of the 
jurisdiction of its organization. Seller has the requisite power and 
authority to enable it to own, lease, license or otherwise hold the 
Transferred Assets owned, leased, licensed or otherwise held by it.

SECTION 3.02. Authority; Execution and Delivery; Enforceability. Seller has 
the requisite power and authority to execute and deliver this Agreement and 
the other agreements and instruments to be executed and delivered by it in 
connection with this Agreement (the “Ancillary Agreements”) to which it 
will be a party and to consummate the Acquisition and the other 
transactions contemplated to be consummated by it by this Agreement and 
such Ancillary Agreements. Seller has taken all action required by its 
organizational documents to authorize the execution and delivery of this 
Agreement and the Ancillary Agreements and to authorize the consummation of 
the Acquisition and the other transactions contemplated to be consummated 
by it by this Agreement and such Ancillary Agreements. Seller has duly 
executed and delivered this Agreement and each Ancillary Agreement, and 
(assuming the due authorization, execution and delivery by the other 
parties hereto) this Agreement and each Ancillary Agreement constitutes its 
legal, valid and binding obligation, enforceable against it in accordance 
with its terms subject, as to enforcement, to applicable bankruptcy, 
insolvency, moratorium, reorganization, fraudulent conveyance or similar 
Laws affecting the enforcement of creditors’ rights generally and to 
general equitable principles (whether considered in a Proceeding in equity 
or at law) (the “Enforceability Exceptions”).

SECTION 3.03. Non-Contravention and Approvals.

(a) The execution and delivery by Seller of this Agreement and each 
Ancillary Agreement does not, and the consummation by Seller of the 
Acquisition and the other transactions contemplated to be consummated by it 
by this Agreement and such Ancillary Agreements will not, (i) conflict with 
or violate the organizational documents of Seller, (ii) assuming compliance 
with Section 3.03(b), conflict with or violate any judgment, injunction,

------------------------------------------------------------------------
order or decree (“Judgment”) or federal, national, supranational, state, 
provincial, local, foreign or administrative statute, law, ordinance, rule, 
code or regulation (“Law”) to which Seller or any of the Transferred Assets 
is subject or (iii) result in the creation of any Lien (other than 
Permitted Liens or Liens arising from any act of Purchaser or its 
affiliates) upon any of the Transferred Assets, except, in the case of 
clauses (ii) and (iii), for any such items that would not, individually or 
in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect 
on the Transferred Assets or materially impede or materially delay the 
consummation by Seller of the Acquisition and the other transactions 
contemplated by this Agreement (“a Material Adverse Effect”).

(b) Except as contemplated by this Agreement, no consent, approval, waiver, 
notice or authorization (“Consent”) of, or registration, declaration or 
filing with, any Governmental Entity is required to be obtained, given or 
made by Seller in connection with the execution, delivery and performance 
of this Agreement or the Ancillary Agreements, or the consummation of the 
Acquisition other than (i) those that may be required solely by reason of 
Purchaser’s (as opposed to any other third party’s) participation in the 
Acquisition and the other transactions contemplated by this Agreement and 
by the Ancillary Agreements and (ii) those the failure of which to obtain, 
give or make would not, individually or in the aggregate, constitute a 
Material Adverse Effect.

SECTION 3.04. Title to Assets. Seller has good and marketable title to, and 
is transferring to Purchaser all of Seller’s right, title and interests in 
and to, the Transferred Assets, in each case free and clear of any 
mortgages, liens, pledges, security interests, charges or other 
encumbrances of any kind (collectively, “Liens”), except for Permitted 
Liens.

SECTION 3.05. Litigation. There are no Proceedings pending or, to the 
knowledge of Seller, threatened in writing against Seller or any of its 
affiliates which relate to the Transferred Assets and which, in all cases 
would, individually or in the aggregate, constitute a Material Adverse 
Effect. None of Seller or any of its affiliates is party or subject to or 
in default under any unsatisfied Judgment applicable to the Transferred 
Assets, other than such Judgments that would not, individually or in the 
aggregate, constitute a Material Adverse Effect.

SECTION 3.06. Regulatory Approvals; Compliance Arrangements. To the 
knowledge of Seller, each Regulatory Approval is valid, effective and in 
full force and effect in all material respects, and all applicable fees and 
costs that are due and payable with respect to such Regulatory Approvals 
have been paid in full.

SECTION 3.07. Hikma Asset Purchase Agreement. With respect to the 
agreements and covenants of Seller concerning the sale, transfer, 
assignment, conveyance, and delivery of, and access to, the Transferred 
Assets and the Commingled Documents (including Seller Commingled 
Information and Purchaser Commingled Information) that are set forth in 
Sections 1.01, 1.02, and 5.01(I) of this Agreement (and as such terms are 
defined in this Agreement), the Hikma Asset Purchase Agreement contains the 
same or substantially the same agreements and covenants with respect to the 
Transferred Assets and Commingled Documents (as between Hikma and Seller), 
other than with respect to (i) purchase price, (ii) efforts standards

------------------------------------------------------------------------
with respect to the delivery of and access to the Transferred Assets and 
Commingled Documents and (iii) the last sentence of Section 5.01(I) of this 
Agreement. The seller will provide a copy of the Hikma Asset Purchase 
Agreement to the Purchaser.

SECTION 3.08. API. All inventory of API set forth on Section 1.02(a)(iii) 
of the Seller Disclosure Schedule that is unexpired (as indicated in the 
column titled “Expiry”) as of the Closing Date is usable and of a quality 
in accordance with applicable FDA guidelines through the date of expiry.

SECTION 3.09. Representations Complete. Other than the representations and 
warranties of Seller specifically contained in this Article III, there are 
no representations or warranties of Seller or any other person either 
expressed or implied with respect to the Transferred Assets, the Assumed 
Liabilities, or the transactions contemplated hereby, individually or 
collectively. None of Seller, its affiliates or its Representatives makes 
any representations or warranties relating to (i) the maintenance, repair, 
condition, design, performance or marketability of any Transferred Asset, 
including merchantability of fitness for a particular purpose, (ii) the 
Exploitation of the Products by Seller on or prior to the Closing, (iii) 
the ownership, use, sale, license or lease of the Transferred Assets by 
Purchaser after the Closing or (iv) the Exploitation of the Transferred 
Assets by Purchaser after the Closing, including the probable success or 
profitability of the Exploitation of the Products after the Closing. 
Nothing in this Section 3.09 or otherwise in this Agreement shall limit any 
claim for fraud or intentional misrepresentation.


ARTICLE IV

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF PURCHASER

Purchaser hereby represents and warrants to Seller as follows:

SECTION 4.01. Organization. Purchaser is a legal entity duly organized, 
validly existing and in good standing under the Laws of the jurisdiction of 
its organization or incorporation.

SECTION 4.02. Purchaser agrees to make timely payments to seller in 
accordance with section 2.02(b)

SECTION 4.03. Authority; Execution and Delivery; Enforceability. Purchaser 
has the requisite power and authority to execute and deliver this Agreement 
and the Ancillary Agreements to which it will be a party and to consummate 
the Acquisition and the other transactions contemplated to be consummated 
by it by this Agreement and such Ancillary Agreements. Purchaser has taken 
all action required by its organizational documents to authorize the 
execution and delivery of this Agreement and the Ancillary Agreements and 
to authorize the consummation of the Acquisition and the other transactions 
contemplated to be consummated by it by this Agreement and such Ancillary 
Agreements. Purchaser has duly executed and delivered this Agreement and 
each Ancillary Agreement, and (assuming the due

------------------------------------------------------------------------
authorization, execution and delivery by the other parties hereto) this 
Agreement and each Ancillary Agreement constitutes its legal, valid and 
binding obligation, enforceable against it in accordance with its terms 
subject, as to enforcement, to the Enforceability Exceptions.

SECTION 4.04. Non-Contravention and Approvals.

(a) The execution and delivery by Purchaser of this Agreement and each 
Ancillary Agreement, the consummation by Purchaser of the Acquisition and 
the other transactions contemplated to be consummated by it hereunder and 
the consummation by Purchaser of the transactions contemplated to be 
consummated by them under the Ancillary Agreements will not, (i) conflict 
with or violate the organizational documents of Purchaser, (ii) result in 
any violation of, breach of or constitute a default under, or give rise to 
a right of termination, cancellation, payment or acceleration of any 
obligation or loss of a benefit under, any Contract to which Purchaser is a 
party or by which any of its properties or assets is bound, (iii) assuming 
compliance with Section 4.04(b), conflict with or violate any Judgment or 
Law to which Purchaser or its properties or assets are subject or (iv) 
result in the creation of any Lien upon any of the properties or assets of 
Purchaser, except, in the case of clauses (ii) through (iv), for any such 
items that would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be 
expected to result in any event, change, occurrence or effect that prevents 
or materially impedes or materially delays the consummation by Purchaser of 
the Acquisition and the other transactions contemplated by this Agreement 
(a “Purchaser Material Adverse Effect”).

(b) No Consent of, or registration, declaration or filing with, any 
Governmental Entity is required to be obtained, given or made by Purchaser 
in connection with the execution, delivery and performance of this 
Agreement or the Ancillary Agreements or the consummation of the 
Acquisition, other than (i) those that may be required solely by reason of 
Seller’s (as opposed to any other third party’s) participation in the 
Acquisition and the other transactions contemplated by this Agreement and 
by the Ancillary Agreements, and (ii) those the failure of which to obtain, 
give or make would not, individually or in the aggregate, constitute a 
Purchaser Material Adverse Effect.

SECTION 4.05. Litigation. There are no Proceedings or Claims pending or, to 
the knowledge of Purchaser, threatened in writing against Purchaser or any 
of its affiliates that, in any such case, would, individually or in the 
aggregate, constitute a Purchaser Material Adverse Effect. Neither 
Purchaser nor any of its affiliates is party or subject to or in default 
under any unsatisfied Judgment, other than such Judgments that would not, 
individually or in the aggregate, constitute a Purchaser Material Adverse 
Effect.

SECTION 4.06. No Brokers’ Fees. Purchaser has not taken any action that 
would entitle any person to any commission or broker’s fee in connection 
with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
SECTION 4.07. Seller’s Representations; Independent Investigation.

(a) Purchaser acknowledges and agrees that, other than the representations 
and warranties of Seller specifically contained in Article III, there are 
no representations or warranties of Seller or any other person either 
expressed or implied with respect to the Transferred Assets, the Assumed 
Liabilities, or the transactions contemplated hereby, individually or 
collectively. Purchaser, together with and on behalf of its affiliates and 
Representatives, specifically disclaims that it or they are relying upon or 
have relied upon any such other representations or warranties that may have 
been made by any person, and Purchaser, together with and on behalf of its 
affiliates and Representatives, acknowledges and agrees that Seller and its 
affiliates have specifically disclaimed and do hereby specifically disclaim 
any such other representation or warranty made by any person. Without 
limiting the generality of the foregoing, Purchaser acknowledges and agrees 
that none of Seller, its affiliates or its Representatives makes any 
representations or warranties relating to (i) the maintenance, repair, 
condition, design, performance or marketability of any Transferred Asset, 
including merchantability of fitness for a particular purpose, (ii) the 
Exploitation of the Products by Seller on or prior to the Closing, (iii) 
the ownership, use, sale, license or lease of the Transferred Assets by 
Purchaser after the Closing or (iv) the Exploitation of the Transferred 
Assets by Purchaser after the Closing, including the probable success or 
profitability of the Exploitation of the Products after the Closing. Except 
as set forth in the representations and warranties in Article III, 
Purchaser acknowledges and agrees that it shall obtain rights in the 
Transferred Assets in their present condition and state of repair, “as is” 
and “where is.” Nothing in this Section 4.06 or otherwise in this Agreement 
shall limit any claim for fraud or intentional misrepresentation.

(b) Purchaser acknowledges that Purchaser, its affiliates and their 
respective Representatives have been permitted full access to the books and 
records, facilities, equipment, personnel and other properties and assets 
relating to the Transferred Assets that Purchaser, its affiliates and their 
respective Representatives have desired or requested to see and review, and 
that Purchaser, its affiliates and their respective Representatives have 
had a full opportunity to conduct and complete a due diligence 
investigation of the Transferred Assets and the Assumed Liabilities. Except 
as expressly set forth in any representation or warranty in Article III, 
Purchaser acknowledges and agrees that no person, including the Purchaser 
Indemnitees, shall have any claim (whether in warranty, contract, tort 
(including negligence or strict liability) or otherwise) or right to 
indemnification pursuant to Article VII (or otherwise) with respect to any 
information, documents or materials made available or otherwise furnished 
to or for Purchaser, its affiliates or their respective Representatives by 
Seller, Hikma, any of their respective affiliates, or any of their 
respective Representatives, including any financial projections or other 
statements regarding future performance and any other information, 
documents or material, whether oral or written, made available to 
Purchaser, its affiliates or their respective Representatives in any “data 
room,” management presentation, “break-out” discussions or meetings, 
responses to questions submitted on behalf of Purchaser, its affiliates or 
their respective Representatives or otherwise furnished to Purchaser, its 
affiliates or their respective Representatives in any form in expectation 
of the transactions contemplated hereby, except, for avoidance of doubt, 
insofar as such claim or indemnification relates to a Retained Liability or 
an Excluded Asset.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(c) Purchaser, its affiliates and their respective Representatives may have 
received and may continue to receive from Seller, Hikma, their respective 
affiliates and their respective Representatives certain estimates, 
projections and other forecasts and certain plan and budget information. 
Purchaser acknowledges that these estimates, projections, forecasts, plans 
and budgets, and the assumptions on which they are based, were prepared for 
specific purposes and may vary significantly from each other. Further, 
Purchaser acknowledges that there are uncertainties inherent in attempting 
to make such estimates, projections, forecasts, plans and budgets, that 
Purchaser is taking full responsibility for making its own evaluation of 
the adequacy and accuracy of all estimates, projections, forecasts, plans 
and budgets so furnished to it, its affiliates or their respective 
Representatives (including the reasonableness of the assumptions underlying 
such estimates, projections, forecasts, plans and budgets) and that 
Purchaser is not relying on, and Seller and its affiliates have not made 
and are not making any representations or warranties with respect to, any 
estimates, projections, forecasts, plans or budgets made available or 
otherwise furnished by Seller, Hikma, their respective affiliates or their 
respective Representatives, and Purchaser shall not, and shall cause its 
affiliates and their respective Representatives not to, hold any such 
person liable with respect thereto (whether in warranty, contract, tort 
(including negligence or strict liability) or otherwise).

(d) Purchaser, its affiliates and their respective Representatives 
acknowledge that any dispute regarding Section 3.08 (API), Seller reserves 
the right to perform its own API testing. Should there be any disputes 
regarding the API test results, both parties agree to contract with an 
independent third party laboratory to perform the API testing. Both parties 
agree to accept test result as provided by the third party laboratory.


ARTICLE V

COVENANTS

SECTION 5.01. Access to Information. (I) Notwithstanding anything herein 
(including Section 1.01 and Section 1.02(a)) to the contrary, as soon as 
practicable following the Closing Date, Seller shall use commercially 
reasonable efforts to provide to Purchaser copies of (i) the Regulatory 
Approvals, and (ii) the Commingled Documents, if any, in the categories set 
forth in Section 5.01(i) of the Seller Disclosure Schedule, in the case of 
each of clauses (i) and (ii), redacted to exclude information or data 
related to products owned or licensed by third parties (including Hikma, 
Seller or their respective affiliates and excluding Purchaser or affiliates 
of Purchaser) and not included within the Transferred Assets (such 
information or data, “Third Party Information”). Following the Closing, 
upon the reasonable request of Purchaser therefor, Seller shall (x) use 
commercially reasonable efforts to provide to Purchaser copies of the 
Commingled Documents, if any, in the categories set forth in Section 
5.01(ii) or the categories set forth in Section 5.01(iii) of the Seller 
Disclosure Schedule, redacted with respect to all Third Party Information 
or (y) to the extent reasonably required by Purchaser in connection with 
(A) any pending Proceeding (including any Proceeding before the United 
States Patent and

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Trademark Office and any successor agency thereto, or the equivalent entity 
in other countries or regulatory jurisdictions) or (B) complying with 
requirements of any Governmental Entity, use commercially reasonable 
efforts to arrange for Hikma to grant Purchaser reasonable access to, the 
portions of the Commingled Documents, if any, in the categories set forth 
in Section 5.01(iii) of the Seller Disclosure Schedule that contain 
information regarding any Product acquired by Purchaser pursuant to this 
Agreement (such information, the “Purchaser Commingled Information”). Any 
such access shall be subject to confidentiality restrictions equivalent to 
those set forth in Section 5.02. In the event that Purchaser exercises its 
right to access Commingled Documents hereunder, Purchaser shall assume all 
liability for any disclosure or use of the information other than Purchaser 
Commingled Information (such other information, the “Seller Commingled 
Information”) contained therein and any and all loss, damage, destruction 
or alteration of such Commingled Documents arising from the use or 
possession of such Commingled Documents by Purchaser or its 
Representatives. For clarity, this Section 5.01 shall not provide either 
party hereto or any of their respective affiliates with any rights to use 
or disclose any information contained within any Commingled Documents not 
otherwise retained or obtained pursuant to this Agreement. All requests by 
Purchaser for Commingled Documents shall be directed in writing to the 
persons set forth in Section 5.01(iv) of the Seller Disclosure Schedule (or 
such other persons as are designated by Seller in writing to Purchaser). 
For purposes of this Section 5.01, Purchaser acknowledges and agrees that, 
with respect to any Commingled Documents in the possession of Hikma, 
Seller’s obligation to use commercially reasonable efforts to provide 
Purchaser with, or access to, such Commingled Documents shall only require 
Seller to deliver written notice to Hikma requesting access to such 
Commingled Documents. (II) Any language in this Section 5.01 to the 
contrary notwithstanding, in all events, Seller shall be obligated to 
provide to Purchaser, as soon as practicable following the Closing Date, 
copies of (i) Regulatory Approvals, and (ii) Commingled Documents 
(including Purchaser Commingled Information), that actually are in 
possession of Seller as of the Closing Date, in each case redacted to 
exclude all Third Party Information.

SECTION 5.02. Confidentiality.

(a) Purchaser acknowledges that the information provided to it in 
connection with the Acquisition and the consummation of the other 
transactions contemplated by this Agreement is subject to the terms of 
confidentiality letter agreement between Purchaser and Seller in connection 
with the Acquisition, dated September 1, 2016 (the “Confidentiality 
Agreement”). Effective upon, and only upon, the Closing, the 
Confidentiality Agreement shall terminate with respect to information 
relating solely to the Transferred Assets or the Assumed Liabilities; 
provided, however, that Purchaser acknowledges that any and all other 
information provided to it by any of Seller, any of its affiliates or their 
respective Representatives concerning Seller or any of its affiliates 
(other than information to the extent relating to the Transferred Assets or 
the Assumed Liabilities) shall remain subject to the terms and conditions 
of the Confidentiality Agreement after the Closing.

(b) Subject to Section 5.03, from and after the Closing until the third 
anniversary of the Closing Date, Seller shall, and shall cause its 
affiliates to, treat as confidential and shall

------------------------------------------------------------------------
safeguard any and all confidential or proprietary information, knowledge 
and data related solely to the Transferred Assets or the Assumed 
Liabilities by using the same degree of care to prevent the unauthorized 
use, dissemination or disclosure of such information, knowledge and data as 
Seller and its affiliates used with respect thereto prior to the execution 
of this Agreement; provided, however, that Seller and its affiliates shall 
be entitled to use any such information, knowledge and data only to the 
extent necessary to perform their respective obligations or exercise or 
enforce their respective rights and remedies under this Agreement, any 
Ancillary Agreement or any agreements entered into in connection with any 
of the foregoing. The obligations of Seller and its affiliates pursuant to 
this Section 5.02(b) shall not extend to any information, knowledge or data 
that is (i) required to be disclosed by applicable Law, (ii) requested by a 
government official or (iii) except as a result of a disclosure by Seller 
or its affiliates after the Closing in breach of this Agreement, generally 
available to the public or already known by a third party receiving such 
information from Seller or its affiliates.

SECTION 5.03. Publicity. Other than any press release, if any, to be agreed 
to in writing by Purchaser and Seller to be issued following the execution 
of this Agreement, neither of Purchaser, on the one hand, nor Seller, on 
the other hand, will issue or permit any of its respective affiliates to 
issue any press release, website posting or other public announcement with 
respect to this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby without 
the prior consent of the other party (which consent shall, if applicable, 
be provided as promptly as practicable), except as may be required by Law 
or stock exchange rules or regulations (in which case, whichever of 
Purchaser or its affiliates or Seller or its affiliates, as applicable, is 
required to make the release or statement shall, to the extent compliance 
with such Law, rules or regulations permits, allow the other reasonable 
time to comment on such release or statement in advance of such issuance 
and such other party shall provide any comments thereto as promptly as 
practicable); provided, however, that (a) Purchaser, on the one hand, and 
Seller, on the other hand, may, following the date hereof, make internal 
announcements to their respective employees and affiliates that are 
consistent with the parties’ prior permitted public disclosures regarding 
the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and (b) Seller and 
Purchaser may communicate with government officials, customers and 
suppliers regarding this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby 
(so long as, in the case of customers and suppliers, such communications 
are consistent with Seller’s or Purchaser’s, as applicable, prior permitted 
public disclosures regarding the transactions contemplated by this 
Agreement, or a communications plan agreed upon by Seller and Purchaser).

SECTION 5.04. Covenant Not to Sue. Seller agrees not to object, oppose or 
otherwise challenge the use, in connection with the Exploitation of the 
Products anywhere in the world, by Purchaser and its successors, assigns, 
sublicensees, contractors, manufacturers, agents and representatives of all 
Know-How that is controlled by Seller and its affiliates as of the Closing.

SECTION 5.05. Insurance. From and after the Closing, Purchaser shall not, 
and shall cause its affiliates not to, assert any claim against any 
insurance policies or practices of Seller and its affiliates or Hikma and 
its affiliates (including any captive insurance policies,

------------------------------------------------------------------------
self-insurance, surety bonds or corporate insurance policies or practices). 
Purchaser agrees, from and after the Closing Date, to arrange for its own 
insurance policies with respect to the Transferred Assets and the Assumed 
Liabilities covering all periods and agrees not to seek, through any means, 
to benefit from any of Seller’s or its affiliates’ insurance policies which 
may provide coverage for claims relating in any way to the Transferred 
Assets or the Assumed Liabilities.

SECTION 5.06. Change in Ownership Letters. Purchaser and Seller shall, with 
respect to each Regulatory Approval, if applicable, file each Purchaser 
Change in Ownership Letter and each Seller Change in Ownership Letter, 
respectively, with the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (the “FDA”) as 
soon as possible and in any event within 10 days after the date on which 
Seller provides to Purchaser a copy of the applicable Regulatory Approval 
underlying each such letter pursuant to and in accordance with Section 
5.01. The letters filed by Seller and Purchaser pursuant to this Section 
5.06 shall comply with all aspects of 21 C.F.R. 314.72 (Change in Ownership 
of an Application), and such letters shall provide for transfer of title to 
the Regulatory Approvals for the Products to be effective as of the 
Closing.

SECTION 5.07. Tax Covenants.

(a) As soon as practicable after the Closing, the parties shall agree upon 
an allocation of the Purchase Price (plus the Assumed Liabilities, to the 
extent properly taken into account under Section 1060 of the Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986, as amended) among the Transferred Assets in 
accordance with Section 1060 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as 
amended. Seller and Purchaser shall, and shall cause their respective 
affiliates to, act in accordance with such allocation in the preparation, 
filing and audit of any Tax Return.

(b) Purchaser and Seller shall cooperate in timely making all filings, 
returns, reports and forms as may be required in connection with 
Purchaser’s payment of Transfer Taxes. Seller shall, or Purchaser, as 
applicable, shall execute and deliver all instruments and certificates 
necessary to enable the other to comply with any filing requirements 
relating to any such Transfer Taxes. Purchaser and Seller shall each pay 
fifty percent (50%) of all Transfer Taxes.

(c) All real property Taxes, personal property Taxes and similar ad valorem 
obligations levied with respect to the Transferred Assets for a taxable 
period which includes (but does not end on) the Closing Date (collectively, 
the “Apportioned Obligations”) shall be apportioned between Seller, on the 
one hand, and Purchaser, on the other hand, based on the number of days of 
such taxable period included in the Pre-Closing Tax Period and the number 
of days included in the Post-Closing Tax Period. Seller shall be liable for 
the proportionate amount of such Taxes that is attributable to the 
Pre-Closing Tax Period and Purchaser shall be liable for the proportionate 
amount of such Taxes that is attributable to the Post-Closing Tax Period.

(d) Purchaser agrees to retain all records relating to Taxes with respect 
to the Transferred Assets for all taxable periods ending on or prior to the 
Closing Date until the expiration of the statutes of limitation (including 
any extensions thereof) for the taxable period or periods to which such 
records relate. Purchaser and Seller agree to provide each other with such 
information and assistance as is reasonably necessary, including access to 
records and personnel, for the preparation of any Tax Returns or for the 
defense of any Tax claim or assessment, whether in connection with an audit 
or otherwise.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
ARTICLE VI

CLOSING DELIVERABLES

SECTION 6.01. Seller Deliverables. The obligation of Purchaser to 
consummate the Closing is subject to the delivery by the Seller of executed 
counterparts of this Agreement and each Ancillary Agreement to which Seller 
is a party.

SECTION 6.02. Purchaser Deliverables. The obligation of Seller to 
consummate the Closing is subject to the delivery of the following by the 
Purchaser:

(a) executed counterparts of this Agreement and each Ancillary Agreement to 
which Purchaser is a party; and

(b) the Purchase Price in accordance with the terms and conditions of 
Section 2.02(b).


ARTICLE VII

INDEMNIFICATION; SURVIVAL

SECTION 7.01. Indemnification by Seller. Subject to this Article VII, from 
and after the Closing, Seller shall indemnify Purchaser and its affiliates 
and each of their respective officers, directors, employees, stockholders, 
agents and representatives (the “Purchaser Indemnitees”) from and against 
any and all losses, damages or expenses, including reasonable third-party 
legal fees and expenses in connection with any Proceeding (collectively, “
Losses”), to the extent arising or resulting from any of the following:

(a) any breach of any Specified Representations and any representations and 
warranties set forth in Section 3.06 (Regulatory Approvals; Compliance 
Arrangements), Section 3.07 (Hikma Purchase Agreement) and Section 3.08 
(API);

(b) any breach of any covenant of Seller contained in this Agreement;

(c) any Excluded Asset; and

(d) any Retained Liability.

SECTION 7.02. Indemnification by Purchaser. Subject to this Article VII, 
from and after the Closing, Purchaser shall indemnify Seller and its 
affiliates and each of their respective officers, directors, employees, 
stockholders, agents and representatives (the “Seller Indemnitees”) from 
and against any and all Losses, to the extent arising or resulting from any 
of the following:

(a) any breach of any representation or warranty of Purchaser contained in 
this Agreement;

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(b) any breach of any covenant of Purchaser contained in this Agreement;

(c) any Assumed Liability; and

(d) the Exploitation of the Products following the Closing.

SECTION 7.03. Indemnification Procedures.

(a) Third Party Claims. If any party (the “Indemnified Party”) receives 
written notice of the commencement of any Proceeding or the assertion of 
any claim by a third party or the imposition of any penalty or assessment 
(in each case other than with respect to Taxes) for which indemnity may be 
sought under Section 7.01 or Section 7.02 (a “Third Party Claim”), and such 
Indemnified Party intends to seek indemnity pursuant to this Article VII, 
the Indemnified Party shall promptly (but no later than 30 days of 
receiving such notice) provide the other party (the “Indemnifying Party”) 
with written notice of such Third Party Claim, stating the nature, basis, 
the amount (to the extent known or estimated, which amount shall not be 
conclusive of the final amount of such Third Party Claim) and a reasonable 
description of any other material details thereof. Failure of the 
Indemnified Party to give such notice will not relieve the Indemnifying 
Party from its indemnification obligations hereunder, except to the extent 
that the Indemnifying Party is actually prejudiced thereby. The 
Indemnifying Party will have 20 days from receipt of any such notice of a 
Third Party Claim to give notice to the Indemnified Party whether it is 
assuming and controlling the defense, appeal or settlement proceedings 
thereof with counsel of the Indemnifying Party’s choice; provided, however
, that the Indemnifying Party shall not have the right to assume the 
defense of any Third Party Claim to the extent (but only to the extent) 
such Third Party Claim (i) relates to any actual or alleged criminal 
proceeding, action, indictment, allegation or investigation or (ii) seeks 
an injunction or equitable relief against the Indemnified Party that is not 
merely ancillary to the principal damages sought in the relevant claim. So 
long as the Indemnifying Party or the Indemnified Party, as applicable, has 
assumed the defense, appeal or settlement proceedings of the Third Party 
Claim in accordance herewith, (1) the other such party may retain separate 
co-counsel at the controlling party’s cost and expense and participate in 
(but not control) the defense, appeal or settlement proceedings of the 
Third Party Claim, (2) the controlling party will not admit any liability, 
file any papers or consent to the entry of any judgment or enter into any 
settlement agreement, compromise or discharge with respect to the Third 
Party Claim without the prior written consent of the other such party and 
(3) the controlling party will not admit to any wrongdoing by the other 
such party. The controlling party shall have the right to settle any Third 
Party Claim for which it obtains a full release of the other such party 
with respect to such Third Party Claim or to which settlement the 
Indemnified Party consents in writing (such consent not to be unreasonably 
withheld, conditioned or delayed). The parties will act in good faith in 
responding to, defending against, settling or otherwise dealing with Third 
Party Claims. The parties will also cooperate in any such defense, appeal 
or settlement proceedings, and give each other reasonable access to all

------------------------------------------------------------------------
information relevant thereto. Whether or not the Indemnifying Party has 
assumed the defense, appeal or settlement proceedings with respect to a 
Third Party Claim, such Indemnifying Party will not be obligated to 
indemnify the Indemnified Party hereunder for any settlement entered into 
or any judgment that was consented to without the Indemnifying Party’s 
prior written consent (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld, 
conditioned or delayed). The party assuming such defense, appeal or 
settlement proceedings shall keep the other party reasonably advised of the 
status of such Third Party Claim and the defense thereof and shall 
reasonably consider recommendations made by the other party with respect 
thereto.

(b) Other Claims. An Indemnified Party shall give the Indemnifying Party 
written notice of any matter that an Indemnified Party has determined has 
given or could give rise to a right of indemnification under this 
Agreement, within 30 days of such determination, stating the amount of the 
Loss, if known, and the method of computation thereof, and containing a 
reference to the provisions of this Agreement in respect of which such 
right of indemnification is claimed or arises. It is the express intention 
of the parties that the indemnification provided for in this Article VII 
shall apply to direct claims between the parties for a breach of this 
Agreement (whether or not involving a third party).

SECTION 7.04. Limitations on Indemnification. Notwithstanding anything to 
the contrary contained in this Agreement, (i) Seller’s aggregate maximum 
liability under Section 7.01(a) shall not exceed an amount equal to the 
Purchase Price with exception of Section 3.08 (API), Seller’s aggregate 
maximum liability under 3.08 (API) shall not exceed $612,000; (ii) no party 
shall have any liability for an otherwise indemnifiable Loss that is 
contingent unless and until such contingent Loss becomes an actual Loss of 
the Indemnified Party and is due and payable, so long as the claim for such 
Loss was timely submitted pursuant to the provisions of this Article VII; 
(iii) no party shall be liable for any Losses to the extent the Purchaser 
Indemnitees or the Seller Indemnitees, as applicable, failed to mitigate 
such Losses in accordance with applicable Laws; (iv) no party shall be 
liable for any Loss to the extent arising from any Law not in force on the 
date hereof or any change in Law which takes effect retroactively and (v) 
no party shall be liable for any otherwise indemnifiable Loss arising out 
of any breach of any representation, warranty, covenant or agreement of 
such party unless a claim therefor is asserted with specificity and in 
writing by the Indemnified Party timely in accordance with Section 7.08, 
failing which such claim shall be waived and extinguished. The waiver of 
any condition to the Closing based on the accuracy of any representation or 
warranty or on the performance of or compliance with any covenant or 
agreement shall be deemed a waiver of the right to indemnification under 
this Article VII with respect to such representation or warranty, covenant, 
agreement or obligation. Notwithstanding any implication to the contrary 
contained in this Agreement, the limits on indemnification set forth in 
this Agreement shall not apply to any claims or Losses based on fraud or 
intentional misrepresentation.

SECTION 7.05. Calculation of Indemnity Payments.

(a) The amount of any Loss for which indemnification is provided under this 
Article VII shall be net of any amounts actually recovered by the 
Indemnified Party with respect to such

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Loss (including payments under insurance policies net of all increases in 
premiums and other costs of such insurance policies for pursuing a claim 
thereunder). For Section 3.08 (API), calculation of loss is based on the 
quantity of APIs that is unusable, which is unexpired as of the Testing 
Date, with payment of $0.48 per grams for Acyclovir and $25.50 per gram for 
Prochlorperazine Edisylate.

(b) If an Indemnified Party recovers an amount from a third party 
(including payments under insurance policies) in respect of Losses that are 
the subject of indemnification hereunder after all or a portion of such 
Losses have been paid by an Indemnifying Party pursuant to this Article 
VII, then the Indemnified Party shall promptly remit to the Indemnifying 
Party the amount received by the Indemnified Party in respect thereof (up 
to the amount paid by the Indemnifying Party in respect of such Losses but 
net of any increase in premiums paid or other costs incurred in connection 
with the recovery of such proceeds).

(c) Each party shall, and shall cause its respective affiliates to, take 
all commercially reasonable steps to mitigate any Loss indemnifiable 
hereunder upon and after becoming aware of any event that could reasonably 
be expected to give rise to any Loss. No party shall be entitled to any 
payment, adjustment or indemnification more than once with respect to the 
same matter.

SECTION 7.06. Exclusive Remedy. From and after the Closing, subject to 
Section 1.01(b) and Section 8.15, Purchaser’s sole and exclusive remedy 
with respect to any and all claims relating to this Agreement, the 
Transferred Assets, the Assumed Liabilities or the transactions 
contemplated by this Agreement shall be pursuant to the indemnification 
provisions set forth in this Article VII. In furtherance of the foregoing, 
Purchaser hereby waives, from and after the Closing, any and all rights, 
claims and causes of action whether based on warranty, in contract, in tort 
(including negligence or strict liability) or otherwise that Purchaser or 
any other Purchaser Indemnitee may have against Seller, any of its 
affiliates or any other person, arising under or based upon any Law, except 
pursuant to the indemnification provisions set forth in this Article VII. 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, no 
breach of any representation, warranty, covenant or agreement contained 
herein shall, after the consummation of the transactions contemplated by 
this Agreement, give rise to any right on the part of Purchaser, on the one 
hand, or Seller, on the other hand, to rescind this Agreement or any of the 
transactions contemplated hereby. No past, present or future 
Representative, incorporator, member, partner or stockholder of Seller or 
any of its affiliates shall have any liability, whether based on warranty, 
in contract, in tort (including negligence or strict liability) or 
otherwise, for any obligations or liabilities of Seller or any of its 
affiliates arising under, in connection with or related to this Agreement 
or for any claim based on, in respect of or by reason of the Acquisition, 
including any alleged non-disclosure or misrepresentations made by any such 
persons. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this 
Agreement, nothing in this Agreement shall limit the rights, remedies or 
claims of any party based on fraud or intentional misrepresentation by any 
other party.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
SECTION 7.07. Tax Treatment of Indemnification. For all Tax purposes, 
Purchaser and Seller agree to treat any adjustments to amounts paid under 
this Agreement and any indemnity payment under this Agreement as an 
adjustment to the Purchase Price unless a final determination of a Taxing 
Authority (which shall include the execution of an IRS Form 870-AD or 
successor form or an HMRC Enquiry Closure Notice form) provides otherwise.

SECTION 7.08. Survival. All representations and warranties contained in 
this Agreement, and all claims with respect thereto shall terminate at 
Closing; provided, however, that (i) Seller’s representations and 
warranties set forth in Section 3.06 (Regulatory Approvals; Compliance 
Arrangements), Section 3.07 (Hikma Asset Purchase Agreement), Section 3.08 
(API) shall terminate at the close of business on the date that is one year 
following the Closing Date, and (ii) the Specified Representations and the 
representations and warranties set forth in Section 4.01 (Organization), 
Section 4.03 (Authority; Execution and Delivery; Enforceability) and 
Section 4.05 (Brokers and Finders), shall survive indefinitely; provided, 
further that the covenants or agreements contained in this Agreement which 
by their terms contemplate performance after the Closing Date shall survive 
the Closing only until the expiration of the term of the undertaking set 
forth in such agreements and covenants. After the Closing, no party shall 
have any liability or obligation of any nature with respect to any 
representation, warranty, agreement or covenant after the termination 
thereof, with the exception of payment of the Purchase Price, unless a 
notice of a breach thereof giving rise to a right of indemnity shall have 
been given to the party against whom such indemnity may be sought prior to 
such time, in which case the representation, warranty, covenant or 
agreement which is the subject of such claim shall survive, to the extent 
of the claims described in the notice only, until such claim is resolved, 
whether or not the amount of the Losses resulting from such breach has been 
finally determined at the time the notice is given.

SECTION 7.09. No Setoff Rights. Neither party shall have any right of 
setoff of any amounts due and payable, or any Liabilities arising, under 
this Agreement, any Ancillary Agreement or any other agreement entered into 
by the parties or their respective affiliates against any other amounts due 
and payable, or any other Liabilities arising, under this Agreement, any 
Ancillary Agreement or any other agreement entered into by the parties or 
their respective affiliates. The payment obligations under each of this 
Agreement and the Ancillary Agreements remain independent obligations of 
each party, irrespective of any amounts owed to any other party under this 
Agreement, the respective Ancillary Agreements or any other agreement 
entered into by the parties or their respective affiliates.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
ARTICLE VIII

MISCELLANEOUS

SECTION 8.01. Assignment. Seller may assign any of its rights and 
obligations hereunder (i) to any of its affiliates; provided that Seller, 
as applicable, shall remain primarily liable for all of its obligations 
hereunder and (ii) to a third party in connection with a sale or transfer 
(by means of a merger, stock sale or otherwise) of all or substantially all 
of Seller’s business and Purchaser may assign its rights and obligations 
hereunder (i) to any of its affiliates; and (ii) to a third party in 
connection with a sale or transfer (by means of a merger, stock sale or 
otherwise) of all or substantially all of Purchaser’s business, subject to 
applicable Law, provided that in each instance Purchaser shall remain 
primarily liable for all of its obligations hereunder. This Agreement shall 
be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their 
respective successors and permitted assigns. Any attempted assignment or 
transfer in violation of this Section 8.01 shall be null and void.

SECTION 8.02. No Third-Party Beneficiaries. Except as provided in Section 
5.01 and Article VII, this Agreement is for the sole benefit of the parties 
hereto and their respective successors and permitted assigns and nothing 
herein expressed or implied shall give or be construed to give to any 
person, other than the parties hereto and such successors and assigns, any 
legal or equitable rights hereunder.

SECTION 8.03. Expenses. Whether or not the Closing occurs, each of the 
parties shall pay its own legal, accounting and other fees and expenses 
incurred in connection with the preparation, execution and delivery of this 
Agreement and all documents and instruments executed pursuant hereto and 
the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby and any other 
costs and expenses incurred by such party, except as otherwise expressly 
set forth herein.

SECTION 8.04. Notices. All notices, requests, permissions, waivers and 
other communications hereunder shall be in writing and shall be deemed to 
have been duly given (a) five Business Days following sending by registered 
or certified mail, postage prepaid, (b) when delivered, if delivered 
personally to the intended recipient and (c) one Business Day following 
sending by overnight delivery via a national courier service and, in each 
case, addressed to a party at the following address for such party:
 
(i) 	   	if to Seller,
   	Amphastar Pharmaceuticals, Inc.
   	11570 6th Street
   	Rancho Cucamonga, CA 91730
   	Attention: General Counsel
   	Attention: Sr. Vice President of Corporate Administration Center

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(ii) 	   	if to Purchaser,
   	Athenex, Inc.
   	Conventus Building
   	1001 Main Street
   	Suite 600
   	Buffalo, NY 14203
   	Attention: Teri Bair, Senior VP of Corp. Development & Legal Affairs,

or to such other address(es) as shall be furnished in writing by any such 
party to the other party hereto in accordance with the provisions of this 
Section 8.04.

SECTION 8.05. Interpretation; Certain Definitions.

(a) Any matter set forth in any provision, subprovision, Section or 
subsection of the Seller Disclosure Schedule shall be deemed to be 
disclosed for each other provision, subprovision, Section or subsection of 
the Seller Disclosure Schedule to the extent it is reasonably apparent from 
the face of such disclosure that such disclosure is applicable to such 
other provision, subprovision, Section or subsection of the Seller 
Disclosure Schedule. Inclusion of a reference to or disclosure of any 
matter or item in this Agreement or in the Seller Disclosure Schedule (i) 
shall not be construed as an admission or indication that such matter or 
item is material or that such matter or item is required to be referred to 
or disclosed, nor shall it be deemed to establish a standard of materiality 
now or in the future (it being the intent that neither Seller, Purchaser 
nor any of their respective affiliates, as applicable, shall be penalized 
for having disclosed more than may be required by the request); (ii) does 
not represent a determination by Seller, Purchaser or any of their 
respective affiliates, as applicable, that such matter or item did not 
arise in the ordinary course; (iii) shall not imply that such matter or 
item constitutes or would constitute a Material Adverse Effect by the 
criteria set forth in this Agreement and (iv) shall not imply that 
disclosure of such matter or item is required by Law or by any Governmental 
Entity. Without limiting the foregoing, no such reference to or disclosure 
of a possible breach or violation of any Contract, Law or Judgment shall be 
construed as an admission or indication that a breach or violation exists 
or has actually occurred. All Exhibits annexed hereto or referred to 
herein, and the Seller Disclosure Schedule, are hereby incorporated in and 
made a part of this Agreement as if set forth in full herein. Any term used 
in the Seller Disclosure Schedule, or in any Exhibit but not otherwise 
defined therein, shall have the meaning assigned to such term in this 
Agreement, if any. References to defined terms in the singular shall 
include the plural and references to defined terms in the plural shall 
include the singular. “Extent” in the phrase “to the extent” means the 
degree to which a subject or other thing extends, and such phrase does not 
mean simply “if.” The descriptive headings of the several Articles and 
Sections of this Agreement, the Table of Contents to this Agreement and the 
Seller Disclosure Schedule are inserted for convenience only, do not 
constitute a part of this Agreement and shall not affect in any way the 
meaning or interpretation of this Agreement. All references herein to 
“Articles,” “Sections,” “Exhibits” or “Schedules” shall be deemed to be 
references to Articles or Sections hereof or Exhibits or Schedules hereto 
unless otherwise indicated. The terms “hereof,” “herein,” “hereby” and 
derivative or similar words refer to this entire Agreement. References (x)

------------------------------------------------------------------------
to any statute shall be deemed to refer to such statute as amended from 
time to time and to any rules or regulations promulgated thereunder and (y) 
to any Contract are to that Contract as amended, modified or supplemented 
from time to time in accordance with the terms hereof and thereof. Except 
where the context otherwise requires, wherever used, the word “or” is used 
in the inclusive sense (and/or). Any references in this Agreement to 
dollars, or to $ are expressed in the currency of the United States.

(b) For all purposes hereof:

“affiliate” means, with respect to any party, any person or entity 
controlling, controlled by or under common control with such party; 
provided that, for the avoidance of doubt, the term “affiliate” shall not 
include the shareholders of (i) Purchaser or (ii) Seller. For purposes of 
this definition, “control” means, with respect to any entity, the 
possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the 
direction of the management and policies of such entity, whether through 
the ownership of voting securities (or other ownership interest), by 
contract or otherwise.

“ANDA” means an abbreviated new drug application submitted in accordance 
with Section 505(j) of the Federal Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act.

“Business Day” means any day, other than a Saturday or a Sunday, on which 
commercial banks are not required or authorized to remain closed in New 
York City.

“Claim” means any claims, demands, actions, suits and causes of action, 
whether class, individual or otherwise in nature, in law or in equity.

“Commingled Documents” means Transferred Books and Records (other than 
Regulatory Approvals) within the categories listed in Section 5.01 of the 
Seller Disclosure Schedule that include both (i) information or data 
related to Transferred Assets and (ii) Third Party Information.

“Contract” means any contract, agreement, lease, sublease, license, 
commitment, franchise, understanding, arrangement, bond, debenture, note, 
mortgage, indenture, guarantee, purchase order, term sheet, or other 
legally binding instrument, whether written or oral.

“Exploit” means to make, have made, import, export, use, have used, sell, 
offer for sale, have sold, research, develop (including seeking, obtaining 
and maintaining Regulatory Approval), commercialize, hold or keep (whether 
for disposal or otherwise), transport, distribute, promote, market, or 
otherwise dispose of and Manufacture or have Manufactured. “Exploitation” 
has a corresponding meaning.

“Governmental Entity” means any federal, national, supranational, state, 
provincial, local, foreign or administrative court of competent 
jurisdiction, governmental agency, authority, instrumentality or regulatory 
body.

“including” (and, with correlative meaning, “include”) means including, 
without limiting the generality of any description preceding or succeeding 
such term, and the rule of ejusdem generis will not be applicable to limit 
a general statement preceded, followed by or referable to an enumeration of 
specific matters, to matters similar to those specifically mentioned.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
“Intellectual Property” means all (i) patents and patent applications, 
including divisionals, continuations, continuations-in-part, renewals, 
extensions, reissues and reexaminations; (ii) trademarks, trade names, 
logos, service marks, and other indicia of origin, all registrations and 
applications for any of the foregoing, and all goodwill associated 
therewith and symbolized thereby, including all renewals of same; (iii) 
Know-How, including Trade Secrets that are the subject of efforts that are 
reasonable under the circumstances to maintain their secrecy; (iv) 
published and unpublished original works of authorship (including software 
and data compilations to the extent it constitutes an original work of 
authorship) fixed in any tangible media, and registrations and applications 
therefor, and any copyrights with respect thereto and all renewals, 
extensions, restorations and reversions thereof, database rights and moral 
rights; (v) rights of publicity and privacy; (vi) Internet domain names; 
and (vii) any other domestic, state and foreign intellectual property 
rights (including industrial property rights) to the extent entitled to 
legal protection as such.

“Know-How” means all inventions, Trade Secrets, discoveries, know-how, 
data, information (including scientific, technical or regulatory 
information), processes, means, methods, practices, formulae, instructions, 
procedures, techniques, materials, technology, results, analyses, designs, 
drawings, computer programs, specifications, technical assistance, in 
written, electronic or any other form, whether or not patentable, including 
any such Know-How that relates to Manufacturing of the Products.

“made available” means, with respect to any document, that such document 
was delivered to Purchaser or its Representatives by any of Seller or its 
affiliates or Representatives prior to the date hereof.

“Manufacture” means all activities related to the production, manufacture, 
processing, filling, finishing, packaging, labeling, shipping and holding 
(prior to distribution) and distribution of any of the Products or any 
intermediate thereof, including process development, process qualification 
and validation, scale-up, commercial manufacture and analytic development, 
product characterization, stability testing, quality assurance and quality 
control.

“Net Sales” means the gross invoiced sales of the Products from Transferred 
Assets to all customers less (i) chargebacks; (ii) trade discounts, credits 
or allowances; (iii) costs of replacements, returns, recalls or rebates 
(including but not limited to group purchasing organization fees and 
rebates); (iv) discounts or rebates or other payments required by law to be 
made under Medicaid, Medicare or other governmental special medical 
assistance programs (v) wholesaler service charges; (vi) sales, excise or 
value added taxes paid on or in relation to sales of the Products, all as 
calculated in accordance with US GAAP; and (vii) two percent (2%) of the 
Net Sales price representing the overhead attributable to marketing and 
selling the Products.

“NDA” means a New Drug Application, and any amendments or supplements 
thereto, filed with the FDA pursuant to its rules and regulations.

“Permitted Liens” means (i) such Liens as are set forth in Section 
8.05(b)(ii) of the Seller Disclosure Schedule, (ii) mechanics’, 
materialmen’s, carriers’, workmen’s, repairmen’s or other like Liens 
arising or incurred in the ordinary course of Seller’s business relating to 
obligations as to which there is no default on the part of Seller or the 
validity or amount of which is being

------------------------------------------------------------------------
contested in good faith through appropriate proceedings, (iii) Liens 
arising under original purchase price conditional sales Contracts and 
equipment leases with third parties entered into in the ordinary course of 
Seller’s business, (iv) Liens for Taxes and other governmental charges that 
are not due and payable or being contested in good faith, (v) recorded or 
unrecorded easements, covenants, restrictions, rights-of-way, zoning, 
building restrictions and other similar matters, (vi) licenses and options 
relating to Intellectual Property granted in the ordinary course of 
Seller’s business and (vii) such imperfections of title, licenses or Liens, 
if any, which do not materially impair the continued use and operation or 
value of the Transferred Assets.

“person” means any individual, firm, corporation, partnership, limited 
liability company, trust, joint venture, Governmental Entity or other 
entity.

“Post-Closing Tax Period” means all taxable periods beginning on or after 
the Closing Date and the portion beginning on the Closing Date of any tax 
period that includes but does not end on the day prior to the Closing Date.

“Pre-Closing Tax Period” means all taxable periods ending prior to the 
Closing Date and the portion ending on the day prior to the Closing Date of 
any taxable period that includes but does not end on the day prior to the 
Closing Date.

“Product” means any of the products set forth in Section 8.05(b)(iii) of 
the Seller Disclosure Schedule.

“Purchaser Change in Ownership Letters” means the letters to the FDA 
substantially in the form of Exhibit B, accepting the transfer of rights to 
the Regulatory Approvals, if applicable, from Seller.

“Representatives” means, with respect to a person, such person’s directors, 
officers, employees, investment bankers, financial advisors, attorneys, 
accountants or other advisors, agents or representatives.

“Seller Change in Ownership Letters” means the letters to the FDA 
substantially in the form of Exhibit C, transferring the rights to the 
Regulatory Approvals, if applicable, to Purchaser.

“Specified Representations” means the representations and warranties of 
Seller set forth in Section 3.01 (Organization and Standing), Section 3.02 
(Authority; Execution and Delivery; Enforceability) and Section 3.04 (Title 
to Assets).

“Subsidiary” of any person means another person, an amount of the voting 
securities, other voting ownership or voting partnership interests of which 
is sufficient to elect at least a majority of its Board of Directors or 
other governing body (or, if there are no such voting interests, 50% or 
more of the equity interests of which) is owned directly or indirectly by 
such first person or by another subsidiary of such first person.

“Tax” means all forms of taxation, including any interest or penalties that 
may become payable in respect thereof, imposed by any federal, national, 
supranational, state, provincial, local, foreign or other Taxing Authority, 
including income, franchise, gross receipts, occupation, real and personal 
property, stamp, sales, use, excise, profits, capital, net worth, 
employment,

------------------------------------------------------------------------
unemployment, payroll, social security, estimated, value added, ad valorem, 
custom duties, transfer, recapture, withholding, workers’ compensation, 
occupancy, health and other taxes or obligations of the same or of a 
similar nature, and shall include any liability for such amounts whether as 
a primary obligor or as a result of being a transferee or successor of 
another person or as a result of either being a member of a combined, 
consolidated, unitary or affiliated group or of a contractual obligation to 
indemnify any person or other entity.

“Tax Return” means any report, return, document, declaration or other 
information or filing required to be supplied to any Taxing Authority with 
respect to Taxes, including any amendment made with respect thereto.

“Taxing Authority” means any federal, national, supranational, state, 
provincial, local or foreign government, any subdivision, agency, 
commission or authority thereof or any quasi-governmental body exercising 
tax regulatory authority.

“Trade Secrets” means information that derives independent economic value 
from not being generally well known to, and not being readily ascertainable 
by proper means by, other persons who can obtain economic value from its 
disclosure or use, including confidential or proprietary information 
including customer, supplier, vendor and distributor lists and related 
data, invention disclosures, discoveries, lab notebooks or journals.

“Transfer Taxes” means all sales, use, transfer, recording, value added, ad 
valorem, privilege, documentary, gross receipts, registration, conveyance, 
excise, license, stamp or similar fees and Taxes arising out of, in 
connection with or attributable to the transactions effectuated pursuant to 
this Agreement.

SECTION 8.06. Limitation on Damages. Notwithstanding anything to the 
contrary contained in this Agreement, in no event shall either party be 
liable for special, indirect, incidental, exemplary, punitive or 
consequential damages of the other party (including for lost or anticipated 
profits, revenues or opportunities, diminution in value or business 
interruption), or for any damages calculated by reference to a multiplier 
of revenue, profits, EBITDA or similar methodology (provided, that, in any 
case, damages payable to a third party shall constitute direct damages 
notwithstanding the characterization of such damages vis-à -vis the third 
party) whether or not caused by or resulting from the actions of such party 
or the breach of its covenants, agreements, representations or warranties 
hereunder and whether or not based on or in warranty, contract, tort 
(including negligence or strict liability) or otherwise.

SECTION 8.07. Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in one or more 
counterparts, all of which shall be considered one and the same agreement, 
and shall become effective when each party hereto shall have received 
counterparts hereof signed by each of the other parties hereto. If any 
signature is delivered by facsimile transmission or by PDF, such signature 
shall create a valid and binding obligation of the party executing (or on 
whose behalf the signature is executed) with the same force and effect as 
if such facsimile or PDF signature were an original thereof.

SECTION 8.08. Entire Agreement. This Agreement, and the Exhibits and Seller 
Disclosure Schedule annexed hereto, the Confidentiality Agreement and the 
Ancillary

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Agreements constitute the entire understanding between the parties with 
respect to the subject matter hereof and thereof, and supersede all other 
understandings, negotiations, discussions, conversations and writings with 
respect thereto. The parties agree to define their rights, liabilities and 
obligations with respect to such understanding and the transactions 
contemplated hereby exclusively in contract pursuant to the express terms 
and provisions of this Agreement, and the parties expressly disclaim that 
they are owed any duties or are entitled to any remedies not expressly set 
forth in this Agreement. In the event of any conflict between the 
provisions of this Agreement (including the Seller Disclosure Schedule and 
Exhibits), on the one hand, and the provisions of the Confidentiality 
Agreement or the Ancillary Agreements (including the schedules and exhibits 
thereto), on the other hand, the provisions of this Agreement shall 
control.

SECTION 8.09. Severability. In the event that any provision contained in 
this Agreement shall for any reason be held to be invalid, illegal or 
unenforceable in any jurisdiction, such provision shall be ineffective as 
to such jurisdiction to the extent of such invalidity, illegality or 
unenforceability without invalidating or affecting the remaining provisions 
hereof or affecting the validity, legality or enforceability of such 
provision in any other jurisdiction. Upon such a determination, the parties 
hereto shall negotiate in good faith to modify this Agreement so as to 
effect the original intent of the parties hereto as closely as possible in 
a reasonably acceptable manner in order that the transactions contemplated 
hereby may be consummated as originally contemplated to the fullest extent 
possible.

SECTION 8.10. Governing Law. This Agreement, the negotiation, execution or 
performance of this Agreement and any disputes arising under or related 
hereto (whether for breach of contract, tortious conduct or otherwise) 
shall be governed and construed in accordance with the Laws of the State of 
Delaware, without reference to its conflicts of law principles that would 
refer the construction of or resolution of any dispute under this Agreement 
to the substantive Laws of another jurisdiction.

SECTION 8.11. Jurisdiction. Each party irrevocably agrees that, subject to 
Section 1.01(b) and Section 8.15, any Proceeding against them arising out 
of or in connection with this Agreement or the transactions contemplated 
hereby or disputes relating hereto (whether for breach of contract, 
tortious conduct or otherwise) shall be brought in the United States 
District Court of Delaware, and hereby irrevocably accepts and submits to 
the jurisdiction and venue of the aforesaid courts in personam with respect 
to any such Proceeding and waives to the fullest extent permitted by Law 
any objection that it may now or hereafter have that any such Proceeding 
has been brought in an inconvenient forum.

SECTION 8.12. Service of Process. Each of the parties consents to service 
of any process, summons, notice or document which may be served in any 
Proceeding in the United States District Court of Delaware, which service 
may be made by certified or registered mail, postage prepaid, or as 
otherwise provided in Section 8.04, to such party’s respective address set 
forth in Section 8.04.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
SECTION 8.13. Waiver of Jury Trial. Each party hereby waives, to the 
fullest extent permitted by Law, any right it may have to a trial by jury 
in respect to any litigation directly or indirectly arising out of, under 
or in connection with this Agreement or any Ancillary Agreement or the 
transactions contemplated hereby or thereby or disputes relating hereto or 
thereto. Each party (a) certifies that no representative, agent or attorney 
of any other party has represented, expressly or otherwise, that such other 
party would not, in the event of litigation, seek to enforce the foregoing 
waiver and (b) acknowledges that it and the other party hereto have been 
induced to enter into this Agreement by, among other things, the mutual 
waivers and certifications in this Section 8.13.

SECTION 8.14. Amendments and Waivers. This Agreement may be amended, 
modified, superseded or canceled and any of the terms, covenants, 
representations, warranties or conditions hereof may be waived only by an 
instrument in writing signed by each of the parties or, in the case of a 
waiver, by or on behalf of the party waiving compliance. No course of 
dealing between the parties shall be effective to amend or waive any 
provision of this Agreement.

SECTION 8.15. Specific Performance. The parties agree that irreparable 
damage would occur in the event that the parties do not perform their 
obligations under the provisions of this Agreement in accordance with its 
specified terms or otherwise breach such provisions. The parties 
acknowledge and agree that (a) the parties shall be entitled to an 
injunction or injunctions, specific performance or other equitable relief 
to prevent breaches of this Agreement and to enforce specifically the terms 
and provisions hereof in any court of competent jurisdiction without proof 
of damages or otherwise, this being in addition to any other remedy to 
which they are entitled under this Agreement and (b) the right of specific 
enforcement is an integral part of the transactions contemplated by this 
Agreement and without that right, neither Seller nor Purchaser would have 
entered into this Agreement. The parties agree not to assert that a remedy 
of specific enforcement is unenforceable, invalid, contrary to Law or 
inequitable for any reason, and not to assert that a remedy of monetary 
damages would provide an adequate remedy or that the parties otherwise have 
an adequate remedy at law. The parties hereto acknowledge and agree that 
any party seeking an injunction or injunctions to prevent breaches of this 
Agreement and to enforce specifically the terms and provisions of this 
Agreement in accordance with this Section 8.15 shall not be required to 
provide any bond or other security in connection with any such order or 
injunction.

SECTION 8.16. Joint Drafting. The parties hereto have been represented by 
counsel in the negotiations and preparation of this Agreement; therefore, 
this Agreement will be deemed to be drafted by each of the parties hereto, 
and no rule of construction will be invoked respecting the authorship of 
this Agreement.

SECTION 8.17. Fulfillment of Obligations. Any obligation of any party to 
any other party under this Agreement or any of the Ancillary Agreements, 
which obligation is performed, satisfied or fulfilled completely by an 
affiliate of such party, shall be deemed to have been performed, satisfied 
or fulfilled by such party.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Seller and Purchaser have duly executed this Agreement 
as of the date first written above.
 
ATHENEX, INC.
By: 	  	
 
  	Name:
  	Title:
 
AMPHASTAR PHARMACEUTICALS, INC.
By: 	  	
 
  	Name:
  	Title:

SIGNATURE PAGE
ASSET PURCHASE AGREEMENT

------------------------------------------------------------------------
SELLER DISCLOSURE SCHEDULE TO
ASSET PURCHASE AGREEMENT

            , 2017

The attached disclosure schedule (this “Seller Disclosure Schedule”) 
constitutes the Seller Disclosure Schedule referred to in the Asset 
Purchase Agreement (the “Agreement”) dated as of             , 2017, 
between Athenex Inc., a Delaware corporation (“Purchaser”) and Amphastar 
Pharmaceuticals, Inc., a Delaware corporation (“Seller”). Any term used in 
this Seller Disclosure Schedule and not otherwise defined herein shall have 
the meaning assigned to such term in the Agreement, if any. All references 
to section numbers contained in this Seller Disclosure Schedule refer to 
sections of the Agreement, unless the context otherwise requires.

This Seller Disclosure Schedule is qualified in its entirety by reference 
to specific provisions of the Agreement, and is not intended to constitute, 
and shall not be construed as constituting, representations, warranties, 
covenants or agreements of Seller or any of its affiliates except as and to 
the extent provided in the Agreement. Any matter set forth in any 
provision, subprovision, section or subsection of this Seller Disclosure 
Schedule shall be deemed to be disclosed for each other provision, 
subprovision, section or subsection of this Seller Disclosure Schedule to 
the extent it is reasonably apparent from the face of such disclosure that 
such disclosure is applicable to such other provision, subprovision, 
section or subsection of this Seller Disclosure Schedule. This Seller 
Disclosure Schedule and the information and disclosures contained herein 
are intended only to qualify the representations, warranties and covenants 
of Seller contained in the Agreement, and in no event shall the listing of 
such matters in this Seller Disclosure Schedule be deemed or interpreted to 
broaden or otherwise amplify such representations, warranties or covenants. 
Inclusion of a reference to or disclosure of any matter or item in this 
Seller Disclosure Schedule (i) shall not be construed as an admission or 
indication that such matter or item is material or that such matter or item 
is required to be referred to or disclosed, nor shall it be deemed to 
establish a standard of materiality now or in the future (it being the 
intent that neither Seller nor any of its affiliates shall be penalized for 
having disclosed more than may be required by the request); (ii) does not 
represent a determination by Seller or any of its affiliates that such 
matter or item did not arise in the ordinary course; (iii) shall not imply 
that such matter or item constitutes or would result in a Material Adverse 
Effect by the criteria set forth in the Agreement and (iv) shall not imply 
that disclosure of any such matter or item is required by Law or by any 
Governmental Entity. Without limiting the foregoing, no such reference to 
or disclosure of a possible breach or violation of any Contract, Law or 
Judgment shall be construed as an admission or indication that a breach or 
violation exists or has actually occurred. The information contained in 
this Seller Disclosure Schedule is disclosed solely for the purposes of the 
Agreement, and no information contained in this Seller Disclosure Schedule 
shall be deemed to be an admission by Seller to any third party of any 
matter whatsoever. In disclosing this information, Seller expressly does 
not waive any attorney client privilege associated with such information or 
any protection afforded by the work product doctrine with respect to any of 
the matters disclosed or discussed herein.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Matters reflected in this Seller Disclosure Schedule are not necessarily 
limited to matters required by the Agreement to be reflected herein. To the 
extent any such additional matters are included, they are included for 
information purposes and do not necessarily include other matters of a 
similar nature.

The descriptive headings of the several sections of this Seller Disclosure 
Schedule are inserted for convenience only, do not constitute a part of 
this Seller Disclosure Schedule and shall not affect in any way the meaning 
or interpretation of this Seller Disclosure Schedule. The contents of all 
schedules, annexes and attachments to this Seller Disclosure Schedule are 
incorporated by reference in this Seller Disclosure Schedule as though 
fully set forth in this Seller Disclosure Schedule.

The information contained in this Seller Disclosure Schedule is 
confidential information of Seller, and Purchaser and its respective 
affiliates are obligated to maintain and protect such information pursuant 
to the Agreement and the Confidentiality Agreement.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Section 1.02(a)(i)

Transferred Books and Records

Quality/Production Data
 
1. 	Annual stability report and any associated OOS/OOT
 
2. 	API specific analytical methods
 
3. 	General test methods
 
4. 	Process validation reports
 
5. 	Container Closure Integrity Test reports
 
6. 	Annual Product Review
 
7. 	Product Quality Assessment, if applicable
 
8. 	Final Product Certificate of Analysis
 
9. 	Executed batch records
 
10. 	Master batch records template
 
11. 	API specifications
 
12. 	Non compendia excipients specifications, analytical methods and 
analytical methods validations, if available


Regulatory Data
 
1. 	All official ANDA documentation (Vol. A correspondence, original 
application, amendments, supplements, etc.) and electronic submission 
sequences
 
2. 	Active pharmaceutical ingredient DMF dossiers
 
3. 	Product specific Field Alert Reports and Recalls, if applicable
 
4. 	Product specific labeling files
 
5. 	Advertising/promotion record, if applicable
 
6. 	Clinical records, if applicable
 
7. 	Global Field Alert Reports and Recalls
 
8. 	Labeling files and structured product labeling files
 
9. 	Adverse events and product complaints, if applicable

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Section 1.02(a)(ii)

Regulatory Approvals
 
Current
(A)NDA #
   	
Original
(A)NDA #
   	
Product
   	
Strength
   	
Marketing
Status
074596 	   	74-596 	   	Acyclovir for Injection USP 	   	500mg 	   	
Discontinued
   	 	   	Acyclovir for Injection USP 	   	1g 	   	Discontinued
074441 	   	74-441 	   	Bumetanide Injection USP 	   	0.25mg/mL, 2mL 	   	
Discontinued
   	 	   	Bumetanide Injection USP 	   	0.25mg/mL, 4mL 	   	Discontinued
   	 	   	Bumetanide Injection USP 	   	0.25mg/mL, 10mL 	   	Discontinued
074617 	   	74-617 	   	Diltiazem HCl Injection 	   	5mg/mL, 5mL 	   	
Discontinued
   	 	   	Diltiazem HCl Injection 	   	5mg/mL, 10mL 	   	Discontinued
   	 	   	Diltiazem HCl Injection 	   	5mg/mL, 25mL 	   	Discontinued
074939 	   	74-939 	   	Dipyridamole Injection USP 	   	5mg/mL, 10mL 	   	
Discontinued
076266 	   	76-266 	   	Doxapram HCl Injection USP 	   	20mg/mL, 20mL 	   	
Discontinued

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Current
(A)NDA #
   	
Original
(A)NDA #
   	
Product
   	
Strength
   	
Marketing
Status
075634 	   	75-634 	   	Enalaprilat Injection 	   	1.25mg/mL, 2mL 	   	
Discontinued
075825 	   	75-825 	   	Famotidine Injection (Pharmacy Bulk; 
Preservative-Free) 	   	10mg/mL, 50mL 	   	Discontinued
075684 	   	75-684 	   	Famotidine Injection (Pharmacy Bulk; Preserved) 	   	
10mg/mL, 50mL 	   	Discontinued
075622 	   	75-622 	   	Famotidine Injection (Preservative-Free) 	   	
10mg/mL, 2mL 	   	Discontinued
075651 	   	75-651 	   	Famotidine Injection (Preserved) 	   	10mg/mL, 4mL 	
   	Discontinued
   	 	   	Famotidine Injection (Preserved) 	   	10mg/mL, 20mL 	   	
Discontinued
040540 	   	40-540 	   	Prochlorperazine Edisylate Injection USP 	   	
5mg/mL, 2mL 	   	Discontinued
   	 	   	Prochlorperazine Edisylate Injection USP 	   	5mg/mL, 10mL 	   	
Discontinued
075792 	   	75-792 	   	Propranolol HCl Injection USP 	   	1mg/mL, 1mL 	   	
Discontinued
076770 	   	76-770 	   	Terbutaline Sulfate Injection USP 	   	1mg/mL, 1mL 	
   	Discontinued
076295 	   	76-295 	   	Valproate Sodium Injection USP 	   	100mg/mL, 5mL 	
   	Discontinued

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Section 1.02(a)(iii)

Inventory of the APIs
 
Item
Number
   	
Description
   	
Expiry
   	
Vendor Lot
   	
Lot/Serial
   	
Qty
   	
UM
BNCH3497S 	   	ACYCLOVIR USP/EP 	   	Excella GmbH 	   	Feb-16 	   	1100236 	
   	11-0314 	   	47,991.73 	   	gm
BNCH3497S 	   	ACYCLOVIR USP/EP 	   	Excella GmbH 	   	Feb-16 	   	1100236 	
   	11-0314 	   	49,995.38 	   	gm
BNCH3497S 	   	ACYCLOVIR USP/EP 	   	Excella GmbH 	   	Feb-16 	   	1100236 	
   	11-0314 	   	49,995.38 	   	gm
BNCH3497S 	   	ACYCLOVIR USP/EP 	   	Excella GmbH 	   	Feb-16 	   	1100236 	
   	11-0314 	   	49,995.38 	   	gm
BNCH3497S 	   	ACYCLOVIR USP/EP 	   	Excella GmbH 	   	Feb-16 	   	1100236 	
   	11-0314 	   	49,995.38 	   	gm
BNCH3497S 	   	ACYCLOVIR USP/EP 	   	Excella GmbH 	   	24-Jan-17 	   	
1200590 	   	12-0103 	   	4,179.87 	   	gm
BNCH3497S 	   	ACYCLOVIR USP/EP 	   	Excella GmbH 	   	24-Jan-17 	   	
1200590 	   	12-0103 	   	49,947.41 	   	gm
BNCH3497S 	   	ACYCLOVIR USP/EP 	   	Excella GmbH 	   	24-Jan-17 	   	
1200590 	   	12-0103 	   	49,947.41 	   	gm
BNCH3497S 	   	ACYCLOVIR USP/EP 	   	Excella GmbH 	   	12-Dec-17 	   	
9030400 	   	13-0032 	   	19,982.23 	   	gm
BNCH3497S 	   	ACYCLOVIR USP/EP 	   	Excella GmbH 	   	12-Dec-17 	   	
9030400 	   	13-0032 	   	49,982.23 	   	gm
BNCH3497S 	   	ACYCLOVIR USP/EP 	   	Excella GmbH 	   	12-Dec-17 	   	
9030400 	   	13-0032 	   	49,982.23* 	   	gm
BNCH3529 	   	DILTIAZEM HCL, USP 	   	FERMION (4029)INTERCHEM 	   	
14-Jun-15 	   	1343727 	   	10-0579 	   	36,543.55 	   	gm
BNCH3529 	   	DILTIAZEM HCL, USP 	   	FERMION (4029)INTERCHEM 	   	
28-Feb-16 	   	1386196 	   	11-0238 	   	20,690.63 	   	gm
BNCH3529 	   	DILTIAZEM HCL, USP 	   	FERMION (4029)INTERCHEM 	   	
28-Feb-16 	   	1386196 	   	11-0238 	   	39,968.63 	   	gm

------------------------------------------------------------------------
BNCH3529 	   	DILTIAZEM HCL, USP 	   	FERMION (4029)INTERCHEM 	   	
28-Feb-16 	   	1386196 	   	11-0238 	   	39,992.27 	   	gm
BNCH3529 	   	DILTIAZEM HCL, USP 	   	FERMION (4029)INTERCHEM 	   	
28-Feb-16 	   	1386196 	   	11-0238 	   	39,998.49 	   	gm
BNCH3529 	   	DILTIAZEM HCL, USP 	   	FERMION (4029)INTERCHEM 	   	
28-Feb-16 	   	1386196 	   	11-0238 	   	39,992.27 	   	gm
BNCH3887 	   	DIPYRIDAMOLE, USP 	   	GYMA/SIMS 	   	Dec-14 	   	155.106 	   	
10-0291 	   	24,688.58 	   	GM
BNCH3711 	   	ENALAPRILAT, USP 	   	
Excella GmbH
   	Nov-14 	   	0911473 	   	10-0236 	   	1,425.86 	   	GM
BNCH3711 	   	ENALAPRILAT, USP 	   	Excella GmbH 	   	Nov-14 	   	0911473 	
   	11-0002 	   	733.29 	   	GM
BNCH3711 	   	ENALAPRILAT, USP 	   	Excella GmbH 	   	Nov-14 	   	0911473 	
   	11-0152 	   	1,483.12 	   	GM
BNCH3721 	   	FAMOTIDINE 	   	GYMA/ECROS 	   	21-Oct-12 	   	F 307 	   	
10-0101 	   	5,647.73 	   	GM
BNCH3721 	   	FAMOTIDINE 	   	GYMA/ECROS 	   	25-May-13 	   	F 311 	   	
10-0715 	   	24,846.40 	   	GM
BNCH3721 	   	FAMOTIDINE 	   	GYMA/ECROS 	   	9-Dec-13 	   	F 316 	   	
11-0181 	   	24,857.84 	   	GM
BNCH3721 	   	FAMOTIDINE 	   	GYMA/ECROS 	   	9-Dec-13 	   	F 316 	   	
11-0181 	   	24,995.60 	   	GM
BNCH3721 	   	FAMOTIDINE 	   	GYMA/ECROS 	   	9-Dec-13 	   	F 316 	   	
11-0181 	   	24,995.60 	   	GM
BNCH3721 	   	FAMOTIDINE 	   	GYMA/ECROS 	   	9-Dec-13 	   	F 316 	   	
11-0181 	   	24,995.60 	   	GM
BNCH3721 	   	FAMOTIDINE 	   	GYMA/ECROS 	   	9-Dec-13 	   	F 316 	   	
11-0181 	   	24,995.60 	   	GM
BNCH3951 	   	PROCHLORPERAZINE 	   	EDISYLATE TRIFARMA S.p.A 	   	July 2016 	
   	PROPER-ES/072/L 	   	11-0531 	   	4,519.75 	   	GM
BNCH3951 	   	PROCHLORPERAZINE 	   	EDISYLATE TRIFARMA S.p.A 	   	Nov 2016 	
   	PROPER-ES/074/L 	   	11-0701 	   	7,372.95 	   	GM
BNCH3951 	   	PROCHLORPERAZINE 	   	EDISYLATE TRIFARMA S.p.A 	   	Nov 2016 	
   	PROPER-ES/076/L 	   	11-0703 	   	5,460.75 	   	GM

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 BNCH3951
   	PROCHLORPERAZINE 	   	EDISYLATE TRIFARMA S.p.A 	   	Nov 2016 	   	
PROPER-
ES/077/L
   	12-0005A 	   	7,358.51 	   	GM
 BNCH3951
   	PROCHLORPERAZINE 	   	EDISYLATE TRIFARMA S.p.A 	   	
June
2018
   	
PROPER-
ES/083/L
   	13-0167A 	   	7,300.00* 	   	GM
 BNCH3951
   	PROCHLORPERAZINE 	   	EDISYLATE TRIFARMA S.p.A 	   	
June
2018
   	
PROPER-
ES/084/L
   	13-0168 	   	7,400.00* 	   	GM
 BNCH3951
   	PROCHLORPERAZINE 	   	EDISYLATE TRIFARMA S.p.A 	   	
June
2018
   	
PROPER-
ES/085/L
   	13-0169 	   	7,062.60* 	   	GM
 BNCH3987
   	TERBUTALINE SULFATE 	   	CAMBREX PROFRMACO MILANO 	   	Jan 2015 	   	
220103 	   	11-0392 	   	1,945.58 	   	GM
 
* 	Seller will keep certain amount of APIs that are not expired as of the 
Closing Date as “Retain Samples”, the quantity for Retain Samples will be 
according to the applicable United States Pharmacopeia.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Section 1.03(a)(iv)

Assumed Liabilities

It is possible that the FDA may require that additional studies be 
performed or data and information be provided or that additional 
requirements be imposed in connection with Purchaser’s transfer of the 
Products to a new facility in order to exploit the Regulatory Approvals.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Section 5.01(c)

Commingled Documents

(i)
 
Commingled Document
Type
   	
Document Description
   	
Document Format
   	
Method of Delivery to
Purchaser
Current Supplier Dossiers and Vendor Qualification for current suppliers of 
vials, stoppers, seals, active pharmaceutical ingredients, and excipients 	
   	
A Supplier Dossier is a package of
documents which supports the adequacy of the supplier (vendor or 
manufacturer) to provide a raw material or component. The dossier may 
include the quality agreement, quality standards, standard operating 
procedures, supplier questionnaires and any audit results.
 
Vendor Qualification includes documentation supporting the auditing process 
which ensures a product and/or a service provided by the vendor 
consistently meets the quality requirements set forth by the firm.
   	Paper and Electronic (some in each format) 	   	All commingled supplier 
dossiers will be transferred to Purchaser. Information in these dossiers 
identifying products not included in the Transferred Assets, and the 
respective customer information, will be redacted.
Field Alert Reports (FAR) 	   	FDA form filed when there is any known 
failure to meet specifications (testing requirements) of one or more 
distributed batches of the drug product as established in the drug product 
application (NDA or ANDA). 	   	Paper and Electronic (some in each format) 	
   	All commingled Field Alert Reports will be transferred to Purchaser. 
Information in these reports identifying products not included in the 
Transferred Assets, and the respective customer information, will be 
redacted.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Commingled Document
Type
   	
Document Description
   	
Document Format
   	
Method of Delivery to
Purchaser
Recall Documentation 	   	The documentation filled out to designate the 
need to remove or correct a marketed product that the FDA considers to be 
in violation of the Laws it administers and against which the agency would 
initiate legal action, e.g., seizure. 	   	Paper and Electronic (some in 
each format) 	   	All Transferred Asset-specific Recalls will be 
transferred to Purchaser.
Container Closure Integrity Testing Reports 	   	A container closure system 
refers to the sum of packaging components that together contain and protect 
the drug product. The report shows that each of the components conforms to 
sterility requirements that when the product is placed in the component, 
sterility is maintained. 	   	Paper 	   	All container closure integrity 
testing reports will be transferred to Purchaser. Information in these 
reports identifying products not included in the Transferred Assets, and 
the respective customer information, will be redacted.
FDA Minutes 	   	Minutes from meetings with the FDA to discuss the state of 
BVL and the Transferred Assets, supply from 2011 forward. 	   	Paper and 
Electronic (some in each format) 	   	Minutes from meetings with the FDA 
from 2011 to the present will be transferred to Purchaser. Information in 
these minutes identifying products not included in the Transferred Assets, 
and the respective customer information, will be redacted.
Validation Reports and Raw Data 	   	Validation reports and raw data from 
the quality function 	   	Electronic (for validation reports) and Paper 
(for raw data) 	   	All validation reports and raw data will be transferred 
to Purchaser. Information in these materials identifying products not 
included in the Transferred Assets, and the respective customer 
information, will be redacted.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(ii)
 
Commingled Document
Type
   	
Document Description
   	
Document Format
   	
Method of Delivery to
Purchaser
Investigations (including Investigations related to Field Alert Reports and 
Recalls) 	   	
An investigation is the process and the documentation of the process of 
using inquiries and examinations to gather facts and information to solve a 
problem or resolve an issue with root cause of the problem.
 
The problem is an event determined to have an impact on a regulatory 
submission, validated (tested and confirmed) parameter, policies or 
specifications (acceptance criteria).
   	
Paper and Electronic
(some in each format)
   	
Summaries of Product specific investigations for commercial Products are 
included in Annual Product Reviews (2009 to present) that will be provided 
to Purchaser.
 
Investigations tied to ANDA submissions will be provided to Purchaser as 
part of the ANDA with redaction to remove non-Transferred Asset specific 
information.
 
Upon request, Seller will use commercially reasonable efforts to obtain 
from Hikma, or provide Purchaser with access to, such information (which 
will have all non-Transferred Asset information redacted).
Out of Specification (OOS) and Out of Trend (OOT) Reports for Laboratory 
Results 	   	The specification is the explicit set of requirements to be 
satisfied by the product, raw material or component, which makes it 
suitable for use. When these requirements are not met that failure is 
called being “out of specification.” The documentation represents the 
investigation performed to understand the out of specification event. 	   	
Paper and Electronic
(some in each format)
   	
Summaries of product specific OOS and OOT reports for Transferred Assets 
are included in Annual Product Reviews (2009 to present) that will be 
provided to Purchaser.
 
Upon request, Seller will use commercially reasonable efforts to obtain 
from Hikma, or provide Purchaser with access

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Commingled Document
Type
   	
Document Description
   	
Document Format
   	
Method of Delivery to
Purchaser
   	An out of trend result is one that does not follow the expected values 
with respect to previously collected data. That data may be within 
specification but not within the norm for that product. The documentation 
represents the investigation performed to understand the out of trend 
event. 	   	 	   	to, such information (which will have all 
non-Transferred Asset information redacted).
Change Controls 	   	The commercial system process to document all changes 
that have the potential to impact product registration, cGMPs, product 
attributes (safety, identity, strength, purity and quality) and/or the 
state of validation of processes, equipment, instruments, facilities and 
systems. 	   	Paper and Electronic (some in each format) 	   	
Summaries of Product specific change controls are included in Annual 
Reports to the FDA that will be provided to Purchaser.
 
Upon request, Seller will use commercially reasonable efforts to obtain 
from Hikma, or provide Purchaser with access to, such information (which 
will have all non-Transferred Asset information redacted).
Corrective Actions and Preventive Actions (CA/PA) 	   	
A corrective action is the immediate action and the documentation of the 
action taken to eliminate or mitigate the effects of an existing 
nonconformance (failure to meet criteria or perform to procedure), defect 
or any other event which is outside the regulatory filing.
 
A preventive action is an action and the documentation of the action taken 
to reduce the potential of reoccurrence of the defined root cause in an 
investigation or nonconformance.
   	Paper and Electronic (some in each format) 	   	
Summaries of product specific change controls resulting from CA/PA actions 
are included in Annual Reports to the FDA that will be provided to 
Purchaser.
Upon request, Seller will use commercially reasonable efforts to obtain 
from Hikma, or provide Purchaser with access to, such information (which 
will have all non-Transferred Asset information redacted).

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(iii)
 
Commingled Document
Type
   	
Document Description
   	
Document Format
   	
Method of Delivery to Purchaser
Laboratory Notebooks – Development (Pre Product Approval and Support Post 
Approval)
 
Includes all work tied to development work for all Bedford Business 
Products and all Transferred Assets/Products, pre-product approval and 
post-approval.
   	Documentation from the laboratory and the primary record of laboratory 
testing for product development and lifecycle management. May include 
interpretation of the analysis or an assessment against a defined set of 
limits. 	   	Paper for those not commingled, Electronic (and redacted) for 
those commingled. 	   	Notebooks containing Transferred Asset information 
will be scanned, redacted and Purchaser will receive electronic copies of 
all Transferred Asset information.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Section 8.05(b)(ii)

Permitted Liens

None.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Section 8.05(b)(iii)

Products

acyclovir sodium
bumetanide
diltiazem hydrochloride
dipyridamole
doxapram hydrochloride
enalaprilat
famotidine
prochlorperazine edisylate
propranolol hydrochloride
terbutaline sulfate
valproate sodium

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Exhibit A
Forms of Transfer Documents

(See attached)

------------------------------------------------------------------------
BILL OF SALE AND
ASSIGNMENT AND ASSUMPTION AGREEMENT

This Bill of Sale and Assignment and Assumption Agreement (this “Agreement
”) is made and entered into effective as of             , 2017 by and 
between Athenex, Inc., a Delaware corporation (“Purchaser”) and Amphastar 
Pharmaceuticals, Inc., a Delaware corporation (“Seller”). Seller and 
Purchaser may each be referred to herein as a “Party” and collectively as 
the “Parties.”


RECITALS

WHEREAS, Seller and Purchaser have entered into that certain Asset Purchase 
Agreement, dated as of             , 2017 (as the same may be amended, 
restated, supplemented or modified from time to time, the “Asset Purchase 
Agreement”); and

WHEREAS, pursuant to the Asset Purchase Agreement. Seller has agreed to 
sell the Transferred Assets and transfer the Assumed Liabilities to 
Purchaser, and Purchaser has agreed to purchase the Transferred Assets and 
assume the Assumed Liabilities from Seller.


AGREEMENT

NOW, THEREFORE, for consideration of the mutual agreements and covenants 
contained herein and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt 
and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the Parties, intending to 
be legally bound, agree as follows:

1. Definitions. Unless otherwise specifically provided herein, capitalized 
terms used in this Agreement and not otherwise defined herein shall have 
the respective meanings ascribed thereto in the Asset Purchase Agreement.

2. Conveyance and Acceptance. In accordance with the provisions of the 
Asset Purchase Agreement, Seller hereby sells, transfers, conveys, assigns 
and delivers to Purchaser all of Seller’s right, title and interest in and 
to the Transferred Assets, and Purchaser hereby purchases and accepts the 
Transferred Assets, in each case, free and clear of all Liens other than 
Permitted Liens.

3. Assumption of Assumed Liabilities. In accordance with the provisions of 
the Asset Purchase Agreement, Seller hereby assigns to Purchaser the 
Assumed Liabilities and Purchaser hereby assumes and agrees to pay and 
discharge when due the Assumed Liabilities.

4. Asset Purchase Agreement Controls. Notwithstanding any other provision 
of this Agreement to the contrary, nothing contained herein shall in any 
way supersede, modify, replace, amend, change, rescind, waive, exceed, 
expand, enlarge or in any way affect the provisions, including warranties, 
covenants, agreements, conditions, representations or, in general any of 
the rights and remedies, or any of the obligations of Purchaser or Seller 
set forth in the Asset Purchase Agreement. This Agreement is subject to and 
governed entirely in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Asset 
Purchase Agreement. Nothing contained herein is intended to modify or 
supersede any of the provisions of the Asset Purchase Agreement.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
5. Miscellaneous.

(a) This Agreement, the negotiation, execution or performance of this 
Agreement and any disputes arising under or related hereto (whether for 
breach of contract, tortious conduct or otherwise) shall be governed and 
construed in accordance with the Laws of the State of Delaware, without 
reference to its conflicts of laws principles that would refer the 
interpretation or construction of, or resolution of any dispute under, this 
Agreement to the substantive Laws of another jurisdiction.

(b) This Agreement may be amended, modified, superseded or canceled, and 
any of the terms, covenants, representations, warranties or conditions 
hereof may be waived only by an instrument in writing signed by each of the 
parties or, in the case of a waiver, by or on behalf of the party waiving 
compliance. No course of dealing between the parties shall be effective to 
amend of waive any provision of this Agreement.

(c) All legal and other costs and expenses incurred in connection herewith 
and the transactions contemplated hereby shall (except as otherwise 
provided herein) be paid by the Party incurring such expenses.

(d) This Agreement shall be binding upon, inure to the benefit of, and be 
enforceable by, the Parties and their respective successors and permitted 
assigns.

(e) In the event that any provision contained in this Agreement shall for 
any reason be held to be illegal, invalid or unenforceable in any 
jurisdiction, such provision shall be ineffective as to such jurisdiction 
to the extent of such invalidity, illegality or unenforceability without 
invalidating or affecting the remaining provisions hereof or affecting the 
validity, legality or enforceability of such provision in any other 
jurisdiction. Upon such a determination, the parties hereto shall negotiate 
in good faith to modify this Agreement so as to effect the original intent 
of the parties hereto as closely as possible in a reasonably acceptable 
manner in order that the transactions contemplated hereby may be 
consummated as originally contemplated to the fullest extent possible.

(f) This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, all of 
which shall be considered one and the same agreement, and shall become 
effective when each party hereto shall have received counterparts hereof 
signed by each of the other parties hereto. If any signature is delivered 
by facsimile transmission or by PDF, such signature shall create a valid 
and binding obligations of the party executing (or on whose behalf the 
signature is executed) with the same force and effect as if such facsimile 
or PDF signature were an original thereof.

[Signature page follows]
 
2

------------------------------------------------------------------------
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties hereto have each caused this Agreement to 
be duly executed as of the Closing Date.
 
SELLER:
AMPHASTAR PHARMACEUTICALS, INC.
By: 	  	
 
Name: 	  	
Title: 	  	
PURCHASER:
ATHENEX, INC.
By: 	  	
 
Name: 	  	
Title: 	  	

SIGNATURE PAGE
BILL OF SALE AND ASSIGNMENT AND ASSUMPTION AGREEMENT

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Exhibit B
Form of Purchaser Change in Ownership Letters

[Purchaser’s Letterhead]

[Date], 2017
Office of Generic Drugs
 
 Re:
   	
 ANDA [*]
   	
 [Product Name]
   	
 Change of Ownership Acceptance

Dear Sir/Madame:

With this letter, we wish to notify the Food and Drug Administration 
(“FDA”) consistent with 21 C.F.R. § 314.72(a)(1) that, effective            
 , 2017 the ownership of the above-referenced Abbreviated New Drug 
Application (“ANDA”) was transferred from [Seller] to [Purchaser] 
(“[Purchaser]”).

Additionally, [Purchaser] is hereby appointing the following U.S. Agent for 
this application:
[U.S. Agent]
[Contact]
[Address]
[Phone]

[Purchaser Language Option #1: In accordance with 21 C.F.R. 
314.72(a)(2)(iii), [Seller] has provided to [Purchaser] a complete copy of 
the approved ANDA, including supplements and records that are required to 
be kept under 21 C.F.R. 314.81. OR Purchaser Language Option #2: In 
accordance with 21 C.F.R. 314.72(a)(2)(iii), [Purchaser] hereby requests 
[or has requested] from FDA a complete copy of the approved ANDA.] In 
accordance with 21 C.F.R. §314.72(a)(2)(i), [Purchaser] commits to all 
agreements, promises and conditions made by the former owner, [Seller], and 
contained in the application. Consistent with 21 C.F.R. § 314.72(b), 
[Purchaser] commits to advising FDA about any change in the conditions in 
the approved application under 21 C.F.R. § 314.70.

Enclosed in this submission is a Letter of Authorization from [Purchaser] 
authorizing [U.S. Agent] to act on their behalf as it relates to Agency 
matters regarding this ANDA.

Written acknowledgement of the change in ANDA ownership would be 
appreciated. Please contact the undersigned if you have any comments or 
questions regarding this letter.

This submission is being provided in electronic format. It has been scanned 
with [McAfee Virus Scan Enterprise [insert version]] and found to be 
virus-free. [For technical issues unrelated to the content of this 
submission, please contact [name] at [phone number]]. [Optional]

Sincerely,

[*]

[Purchaser]

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Exhibit C
Form of Seller Change in Ownership Letters

[Seller’s Letterhead]

[Date], 2017
[Address of FDA Contact]

Re: ANDA [*]
[Product Name]
Transfer of ANDA Ownership

Dear Sir/Madame:

With this letter, we wish to notify the Food and Drug Administration 
(“FDA”) consistent with 21 C.F.R. § 314.72(a)(1) that, effective            
 , 2017, [Seller] has transferred all rights to the above-referenced 
Abbreviated New Drug Application (“ANDA”) to [Purchaser] (“[Purchaser]”).

Written acknowledgement of the change in ANDA ownership would be 
appreciated. Please contact [Seller contact’s name, phone number and email 
address] or [Buyer contact’s name, phone number and email address] if you 
have any comments or questions regarding this letter.

This submission is being provided in electronic format. It has been scanned 
with [McAfee Virus Scan Enterprise [insert version]] and found to be 
virus-free. For technical issues unrelated to the content of this 
submission, please contact [name] at [phone number].

Sincerely,

[*]

[Seller]
 
PPAB 3547796v2