 EX-10.3 4 f8k021317ex10iii_nightfood.htm CONVERTIBLE PROMISSORY NOTE
Exhibit 10.3
 
NEITHER THE ISSUANCE NOR SALE OF THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS 
CERTIFICATE NOR THE SECURITIES INTO WHICH THESE SECURITIES ARE CONVERTIBLE 
HAVE BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR 
APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. THE SECURITIES MAY NOT BE OFFERED FOR 
SALE, SOLD, TRANSFERRED OR ASSIGNED (I) IN THE ABSENCE OF (A) AN EFFECTIVE 
REGISTRATION STATEMENT FOR THE SECURITIES UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, 
AS AMENDED, OR (B) AN OPINION OF COUNSEL (WHICH COUNSEL SHALL BE SELECTED 
BY THE HOLDER), IN A GENERALLY ACCEPTABLE FORM, THAT REGISTRATION IS NOT 
REQUIRED UNDER SAID ACT OR (II) UNLESS SOLD PURSUANT TO RULE 144 OR RULE 
144A UNDER SAID ACT. NOTWITHSTANDING THE FOREGOING, THE SECURITIES MAY BE 
PLEDGED IN CONNECTION WITH A BONA FIDE MARGIN ACCOUNT OR OTHER LOAN OR 
FINANCING ARRANGEMENT SECURED BY THE SECURITIES.
 
Principal Amount: $32,500.00 	  	Issue Date: February 8, 2017
 
CONVERTIBLE PROMISSORY NOTE
 
FOR VALUE RECEIVED, NIGHTFOOD HOLDINGS, INC., a Nevada corporation 
(hereinafter called the “Borrower”), hereby promises to pay to the order of 
BLACK FOREST CAPITAL, LLC, a Wyoming limited liability company, or 
registered assigns (the “Holder”) the principal sum of $32,500.00 (the 
“Principal Amount”), together with interest at the rate of eight percent 
(8%) per annum, at maturity or upon acceleration or otherwise, as set forth 
herein (the “Note”). The maturity date shall be six (6) months from the 
Issue Date (the “Maturity Date”), and is the date upon which the principal 
sum of each respective tranche, as well as any accrued and unpaid interest 
and other fees relating to that respective tranche, shall be due and 
payable. This Note may not be prepaid in whole or in part except as 
otherwise explicitly set forth herein. Any amount of principal or interest 
on this Note, which is not paid by the Maturity Date, shall bear interest 
at the rate of twenty two percent (22%) per annum from the due date thereof 
until the same is paid (“Default Interest”). Interest shall commence 
accruing on the date that the Note is fully paid and shall be computed on 
the basis of a 365-day year and the actual number of days elapsed. All 
payments due hereunder (to the extent not converted into common stock, 
$0.001 par value per share (the “Common Stock”) in accordance with the 
terms hereof) shall be made in lawful money of the United States of 
America. All payments shall be made at such address as the Holder shall 
hereafter give to the Borrower by written notice made in accordance with 
the provisions of this Note. Whenever any amount expressed to be due by the 
terms of this Note is due on any day which is not a business day, the same 
shall instead be due on the next succeeding day which is a business day 
and, in the case of any interest payment date which is not the date on 
which this Note is paid in full, the extension of the due date thereof 
shall not be taken into account for purposes of determining the amount of 
interest due on such date. As used in this Note, the term “business day” 
shall mean any day other than a Saturday, Sunday or a day on which 
commercial banks in the city of New York, New York are authorized or 
required by law or executive order to remain closed.
 

 

 

 
Holder and Company have entered into that certain $5,000,000 equity 
purchase agreement dated February 8, 2017 (“Purchase Agreement”), attached 
hereto as Exhibit B. Pursuant to the Purchase Agreement, the Company is 
issuing this Note as a commitment fee to the Holder for Holder’s execution 
of the Purchase Agreement, provided, however, that the Holder shall also 
pay the purchase price of $7,500.00 for the Note ($5,000.00 of which shall 
be funded to Holder’s legal counsel for Holder’s legal fees pursuant to the 
wiring instructions attached hereto as Exhibit C, and $2,500.00 of which 
shall be funded to the Company’s transfer agent pursuant to the wiring 
instructions attached hereto as Exhibit D). In the event that the Company 
does not file the Registration Statement (as defined in the Purchase 
Agreement) within 30 calendar days of the date of the Purchase Agreement, 
then the principal amount of this Note shall automatically increase by 
$15,000. In the event that the Registration Statement is not declared 
effective by the SEC within 120 calendar days of the date of the Purchase 
Agreement, then the principal amount shall automatically increase by 
$15,000.
 
This Note is free from all taxes, liens, claims and encumbrances with 
respect to the issue thereof and shall not be subject to preemptive rights 
or other similar rights of shareholders of the Borrower and will not impose 
personal liability upon the holder thereof.
 
    The following additional terms shall apply to this Note:
     
ARTICLE I. CONVERSION RIGHTS
 
1.1       Conversion Right. The Holder shall have the right at any time to 
convert all or any part of the outstanding and unpaid principal amount and 
accrued and unpaid interest of this Note into fully paid and non-assessable 
shares of Common Stock, as such Common Stock exists on the Issue Date, or 
any shares of capital stock or other securities of the Borrower into which 
such Common Stock shall hereafter be changed or reclassified at the 
conversion price (the “Conversion Price”) determined as provided herein (a 
“Conversion”); provided, however, that in no event shall the Holder be 
entitled to convert any portion of this Note in excess of that portion of 
this Note upon conversion of which the sum of (1) the number of shares of 
Common Stock beneficially owned by the Holder and its affiliates (other 
than shares of Common Stock which may be deemed beneficially owned through 
the ownership of the unconverted portion of the Notes or the unexercised or 
unconverted portion of any other security of the Borrower subject to a 
limitation on conversion or exercise analogous to the limitations contained 
herein) and (2) the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon the 
conversion of the portion of this Note with respect to which the 
determination of this proviso is being made, would result in beneficial 
ownership by the Holder and its affiliates of more than 4.99% of the 
outstanding shares of Common Stock. For purposes of the proviso to the 
immediately preceding sentence, beneficial ownership shall be determined in 
accordance with Section 13(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as 
amended (the “Exchange Act”), and Regulations 13D-G thereunder, except as 
otherwise provided in clause (1) of such proviso, provided, further, 
however, that the limitations on conversion may be waived by the Holder (up 
to a maximum of 9.99%) upon, at the election of the Holder, not less than 
61 days’ prior notice to the Borrower, and the provisions of the conversion 
limitation shall continue to apply until such 61st day (or such later date, 
as determined by the Holder, as may be specified in such notice of waiver). 
The number of shares of Common Stock to be issued upon each conversion of 
this Note shall be determined by dividing the Conversion Amount (as defined 
below) by the applicable Conversion Price then in effect on the date 
specified in the notice of conversion, in the form attached hereto as 
Exhibit A (the “Notice of Conversion”), delivered to the Borrower by the 
Holder in accordance with Section 1.4 below; provided that the Notice of 
Conversion is submitted by facsimile or e-mail (or by other means resulting 
in, or reasonably expected to result in, notice) to the Borrower before 
6:00 p.m., New York, New York time on such conversion date (the “Conversion 
Date”). The term “Conversion Amount” means, with respect to any conversion 
of this Note, the sum of (1) the principal amount of this Note to be 
converted in such conversion plus (2) at the Holder’s option, accrued and 
unpaid interest, if any, on such principal amount at the interest rates 
provided in this Note to the Conversion Date, plus (3) at the Holder’s 
option, Default Interest, if any, on the amounts referred to in the 
immediately preceding clauses (1) and/or (2) plus (4) at the Holder’s 
option, any amounts owed to the Holder pursuant to Sections 1.3 and 1.4(g) 
hereof.
 

  	2 	 

 

 
1.2       Conversion Price.
         
(a) Calculation of Conversion Price. The Conversion Price shall be equal to 
the closing price of the Common Stock on the Issue Date (the “Fixed 
Conversion Price”) (subject, in each case, to equitable adjustments for 
stock splits, stock dividends or rights offerings by the Borrower relating 
to the Borrower’s securities or the securities of any subsidiary of the 
Borrower, combinations, recapitalization, reclassifications, extraordinary 
distributions and similar events) (also subject to adjustment as further 
described herein). Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any Event of Default 
occurs, the Conversion Price shall automatically be equal to the lesser of 
the (i) Fixed Conversion Price or (ii) Variable Conversion Price (as 
defined herein) (subject, in each case, to equitable adjustments for stock 
splits, stock dividends or rights offerings by the Borrower relating to the 
Borrower’s securities or the securities of any subsidiary of the Borrower, 
combinations, recapitalization, reclassifications, extraordinary 
distributions and similar events) (also subject to adjustment as further 
described herein). The "Variable Conversion Price" shall mean 80% 
multiplied by the Market Price (as defined herein) (representing a discount 
rate of 20%). “Market Price” means the lowest one (1) Trading Prices (as 
defined below) for the Common Stock during the twenty (20) Trading Day 
period ending on the last complete Trading Day prior to the Conversion 
Date. “Trading Prices” means, for any security as of any date, the lowest 
traded price on the Over-the-Counter Pink Marketplace, OTCQB, or applicable 
trading market (the “OTCQB”) as reported by a reliable reporting service 
(“Reporting Service”) designated by the Holder (i.e. Bloomberg) or, if the 
OTCQB is not the principal trading market for such security, on the 
principal securities exchange or trading market where such security is 
listed or traded or, if the lowest intraday trading price of such security 
is not available in any of the foregoing manners, the lowest intraday price 
of any market makers for such security that are quoted on the OTC Markets. 
If the Trading Prices cannot be calculated for such security on such date 
in the manner provided above, the Trading Prices shall be the fair market 
value as mutually determined by the Borrower and the holders of a majority 
in interest of the Notes being converted for which the calculation of the 
Trading Prices are required in order to determine the Conversion Price of 
such Notes. “Trading Day” shall mean any day on which the Common Stock is 
tradable for any period on the OTCQB, or on the principal securities 
exchange or other securities market on which the Common Stock is then being 
traded.
 

  	3 	 

 

 
Each time, while this Note is outstanding, the Borrower enters into a 
Section 3(a)(9) transaction (including but not limited to the issuance of 
new promissory notes or of a replacement promissory note), or Section 
3(a)(10) transaction, in which any 3rd party has the right to convert 
monies owed to that 3rd party (or receive shares pursuant to a settlement 
or otherwise) at a discount to market greater than the Variable Conversion 
Price in effect at that time (prior to all other applicable adjustments in 
the Note), then the Variable Conversion Price shall be automatically 
adjusted to such greater discount percentage (prior to all applicable 
adjustments in this Note) until this Note is no longer outstanding. Each 
time, while this Note is outstanding, the Borrower enters into a Section 
3(a)(9) transaction (including but not limited to the issuance of new 
promissory notes or of a replacement promissory note), or Section 3(a)(10) 
transaction, in which any 3rd party has a look back period greater than the 
look back period in effect under the Note at that time (a twenty (20) 
Trading Day look back period is contained in this Section 1.2(a)), then the 
Holder’s look back period shall automatically be adjusted to such greater 
number of days until this Note is no longer outstanding. The Borrower shall 
give written notice to the Holder, with the adjusted Variable Conversion 
Price and/or adjusted look back period (each adjustment that is applicable 
due to the triggering event), within one (1) business day of an event that 
requires any adjustment described in the two immediately preceding 
sentences.
 
1.3       Authorized Shares. The Borrower covenants that during the period 
the conversion right exists, the Borrower will reserve from its authorized 
and unissued Common Stock a sufficient number of shares, free from 
preemptive rights, to provide for the issuance of Common Stock upon the 
full conversion of this Note. The Borrower is required at all times to have 
authorized and reserved three times the number of shares that is actually 
issuable upon full conversion of the Note (based on the Conversion Price of 
the Notes in effect from time to time)(the “Reserved Amount”). The Reserved 
Amount shall be increased from time to time in accordance with the 
Borrower’s obligations hereunder. The Borrower represents that upon 
issuance, such shares will be duly and validly issued, fully paid and 
non-assessable. In addition, if the Borrower shall issue any securities or 
make any change to its capital structure which would change the number of 
shares of Common Stock into which the Notes shall be convertible at the 
then current Conversion Price, the Borrower shall at the same time make 
proper provision so that thereafter there shall be a sufficient number of 
shares of Common Stock authorized and reserved, free from preemptive 
rights, for conversion of the outstanding Notes. The Borrower (i) 
acknowledges that it has irrevocably instructed its transfer agent to issue 
certificates for the Common Stock issuable upon conversion of this Note, 
and (ii) agrees that its issuance of this Note shall constitute full 
authority to its officers and agents who are charged with the duty of 
executing stock certificates to execute and issue the necessary 
certificates for shares of Common Stock in accordance with the terms and 
conditions of this Note.
 

  	4 	 

 

 
If, at any time the Borrower does not maintain the Reserved Amount it will 
be considered an Event of Default under Section 3.2 of the Note.
 
1.4       Method of Conversion.
         
(a) Mechanics of Conversion. Subject to Section 1.1, this Note may be 
converted by the Holder in whole or in part at any time from time to time 
after the Issue Date, by (A) submitting to the Borrower a Notice of 
Conversion (by facsimile, e-mail or other reasonable means of communication 
dispatched on the Conversion Date prior to 6:00 p.m., New York, New York 
time) and (B) subject to Section 1.4(b), surrendering this Note at the 
principal office of the Borrower.
 
(b) Surrender of Note Upon Conversion. Notwithstanding anything to the 
contrary set forth herein, upon conversion of this Note in accordance with 
the terms hereof, the Holder shall not be required to physically surrender 
this Note to the Borrower unless the entire unpaid principal amount of this 
Note is so converted. The Holder and the Borrower shall maintain records 
showing the principal amount so converted and the dates of such conversions 
or shall use such other method, reasonably satisfactory to the Holder and 
the Borrower, so as not to require physical surrender of this Note upon 
each such conversion. In the event of any dispute or discrepancy, such 
records of the Borrower shall, prima facie, be controlling and 
determinative in the absence of manifest error. Notwithstanding the 
foregoing, if any portion of this Note is converted as aforesaid, the 
Holder may not transfer this Note unless the Holder first physically 
surrenders this Note to the Borrower, whereupon the Borrower will forthwith 
issue and deliver upon the order of the Holder a new Note of like tenor, 
registered as the Holder (upon payment by the Holder of any applicable 
transfer taxes) may request, representing in the aggregate the remaining 
unpaid principal amount of this Note. The Holder and any assignee, by 
acceptance of this Note, acknowledge and agree that, by reason of the 
provisions of this paragraph, following conversion of a portion of this 
Note, the unpaid and unconverted principal amount of this Note represented 
by this Note may be less than the amount stated on the face hereof.
 

  	5 	 

 

 
(c) Payment of Taxes. The Borrower shall not be required to pay any tax 
which may be payable in respect of any transfer involved in the issue and 
delivery of shares of Common Stock or other securities or property on 
conversion of this Note in a name other than that of the Holder (or in 
street name), and the Borrower shall not be required to issue or deliver 
any such shares or other securities or property unless and until the person 
or persons (other than the Holder or the custodian in whose street name 
such shares are to be held for the Holder’s account) requesting the 
issuance thereof shall have paid to the Borrower the amount of any such tax 
or shall have established to the satisfaction of the Borrower that such tax 
has been paid.
 
(d) Delivery of Common Stock Upon Conversion. Upon receipt by the Borrower 
from the Holder of a facsimile transmission or e-mail (or other reasonable 
means of communication) of a Notice of Conversion meeting the requirements 
for conversion as provided in this Section 1.4, the Borrower shall issue 
and deliver or cause to be issued and delivered to or upon the order of the 
Holder certificates for the Common Stock issuable upon such conversion 
within two (2) business days after such receipt (the “Deadline”) (and, 
solely in the case of conversion of the entire unpaid principal amount 
hereof, surrender of this Note) in accordance with the terms hereof.
 
(e) Obligation of Borrower to Deliver Common Stock. Upon receipt by the 
Borrower of a Notice of Conversion, the Holder shall be deemed to be the 
holder of record of the Common Stock issuable upon such conversion, the 
outstanding principal amount and the amount of accrued and unpaid interest 
on this Note shall be reduced to reflect such conversion, and, unless the 
Borrower defaults on its obligations under this Article I, all rights with 
respect to the portion of this Note being so converted shall forthwith 
terminate except the right to receive the Common Stock or other securities, 
cash or other assets, as herein provided, on such conversion. If the Holder 
shall have given a Notice of Conversion as provided herein, the Borrower’s 
obligation to issue and deliver the certificates for Common Stock shall be 
absolute and unconditional, irrespective of the absence of any action by 
the Holder to enforce the same, any waiver or consent with respect to any 
provision thereof, the recovery of any judgment against any person or any 
action to enforce the same, any failure or delay in the enforcement of any 
other obligation of the Borrower to the holder of record, or any setoff, 
counterclaim, recoupment, limitation or termination, or any breach or 
alleged breach by the Holder of any obligation to the Borrower, and 
irrespective of any other circumstance which might otherwise limit such 
obligation of the Borrower to the Holder in connection with such 
conversion. The Conversion Date specified in the Notice of Conversion shall 
be the Conversion Date so long as the Notice of Conversion is received by 
the Borrower before 6:00 p.m., New York, New York time, on such date.
 
(f) Delivery of Common Stock by Electronic Transfer. In lieu of delivering 
physical certificates representing the Common Stock issuable upon 
conversion, provided the Borrower is participating in the Depository Trust 
Company (“DTC”) Fast Automated Securities Transfer (“FAST”) program, upon 
request of the Holder and its compliance with the provisions contained in 
Section 1.1 and in this Section 1.4, the Borrower shall use its best 
efforts to cause its transfer agent to electronically transmit the Common 
Stock issuable upon conversion to the Holder by crediting the account of 
Holder’s Prime Broker with DTC through its Deposit Withdrawal Agent 
Commission (“DWAC”) system.
 

  	6 	 

 

 
(g) Failure to Deliver Common Stock Prior to Deadline. Without in any way 
limiting the Holder’s right to pursue other remedies, including actual 
damages and/or equitable relief, the parties agree that if delivery of the 
Common Stock issuable upon conversion of this Note is not delivered by the 
Deadline (other than a failure due to the circumstances described in 
Section 1.3 above, which failure shall be governed by such Section) the 
Borrower shall pay to the Holder $2,000 per day in cash, for each day 
beyond the Deadline that the Borrower fails to deliver such Common Stock. 
Such cash amount shall be paid to Holder by the fifth day of the month 
following the month in which it has accrued or, at the option of the Holder 
(by written notice to the Borrower by the first day of the month following 
the month in which it has accrued), shall be added to the principal amount 
of this Note, in which event interest shall accrue thereon in accordance 
with the terms of this Note and such additional principal amount shall be 
convertible into Common Stock in accordance with the terms of this Note. 
The Borrower agrees that the right to convert is a valuable right to the 
Holder. The damages resulting from a failure, attempt to frustrate, 
interference with such conversion right are difficult if not impossible to 
qualify. Accordingly the parties acknowledge that the liquidated damages 
provision contained in this Section 1.4(g) are justified.
 
1.5       Concerning the Shares. The shares of Common Stock issuable upon 
conversion of this Note may not be sold or transferred unless (i) such 
shares are sold pursuant to an effective registration statement under the 
Act or (ii) the Borrower or its transfer agent shall have been furnished 
with an opinion of counsel (which opinion shall be in form, substance and 
scope customary for opinions of counsel in comparable transactions) to the 
effect that the shares to be sold or transferred may be sold or transferred 
pursuant to an exemption from such registration or (iii) such shares are 
sold or transferred pursuant to Rule 144 under the Act (or a successor 
rule) (“Rule 144”) or (iv) such shares are transferred to an “affiliate” 
(as defined in Rule 144) of the Borrower who agrees to sell or otherwise 
transfer the shares only in accordance with this Section 1.5 and who is an 
Accredited Investor. Except as otherwise provided (and subject to the 
removal provisions set forth below), until such time as the shares of 
Common Stock issuable upon conversion of this Note have been registered 
under the Act or otherwise may be sold pursuant to Rule 144 without any 
restriction as to the number of securities as of a particular date that can 
then be immediately sold, each certificate for shares of Common Stock 
issuable upon conversion of this Note that has not been so included in an 
effective registration statement or that has not been sold pursuant to an 
effective registration statement or an exemption that permits removal of 
the legend, shall bear a legend substantially in the following form, as 
appropriate:
         

  	7 	 

 

     
    “NEITHER THE ISSUANCE AND SALE OF THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS
    CERTIFICATE NOR THE SECURITIES INTO WHICH THESE SECURITIES ARE
    EXERCISABLE HAVE BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS
    AMENDED, OR APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. THE SECURITIES MAY NOT BE
    OFFERED FOR SALE, SOLD, TRANSFERRED OR ASSIGNED (I) IN THE ABSENCE OF
    (A) AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT FOR THE SECURITIES UNDER THE
    SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR (B) AN OPINION OF COUNSEL (WHICH
    COUNSEL SHALL BE SELECTED BY THE HOLDER), IN A GENERALLY ACCEPTABLE
    FORM, THAT REGISTRATION IS NOT REQUIRED UNDER SAID ACT OR (II) UNLESS
    SOLD PURSUANT TO RULE 144 OR RULE 144A UNDER SAID ACT. NOTWITHSTANDING
    THE FOREGOING, THE SECURITIES MAY BE PLEDGED IN CONNECTION WITH A BONA
    FIDE MARGIN ACCOUNT OR OTHER LOAN OR FINANCING ARRANGEMENT SECURED BY
    THE SECURITIES.”
     
The legend set forth above shall be removed and the Borrower shall issue to 
the Holder a new certificate therefore free of any transfer legend if (i) 
the Borrower or its transfer agent shall have received an opinion of 
counsel, in form, substance and scope customary for opinions of counsel in 
comparable transactions, to the effect that a public sale or transfer of 
such Common Stock may be made without registration under the Act, which 
opinion shall be accepted by the Borrower so that the sale or transfer is 
effected or (ii) in the case of the Common Stock issuable upon conversion 
of this Note, such security is registered for sale by the Holder under an 
effective registration statement filed under the Act or otherwise may be 
sold pursuant to Rule 144 without any restriction as to the number of 
securities as of a particular date that can then be immediately sold. In 
the event that the Borrower does not accept the opinion of counsel provided 
by the Holder with respect to the transfer of Securities pursuant to an 
exemption from registration, such as Rule 144 or Regulation S, at the 
Deadline, it will be considered an Event of Default pursuant to Section 3.2 
of the Note.
 
1.6       Trading Market Limitations. Unless permitted by the applicable 
rules and regulations of the principal securities market on which the 
Common Stock is then listed or traded, in no event shall the Borrower issue 
upon conversion of or otherwise pursuant to this Note more than the maximum 
number of shares of Common Stock that the Borrower can issue pursuant to 
any rule of the principal United States securities market on which the 
Common Stock is then traded (the “Maximum Share Amount”), which shall be 
4.99% of the total shares currently outstanding (unless increased as 
provided herein, and in no event , subject to equitable adjustment from 
time to time for stock splits, stock dividends, combinations, capital 
reorganizations and similar events relating to the Common Stock occurring 
after the date hereof. Once the Maximum Share Amount has been issued, if 
the Borrower fails to eliminate any prohibitions under applicable law or 
the rules or regulations of any stock exchange, interdealer quotation 
system or other self-regulatory organization with jurisdiction over the 
Borrower or any of its securities on the Borrower’s ability to issue shares 
of Common Stock in excess of the Maximum Share Amount, in lieu of any 
further right to convert this Note, this will be considered an Event of 
Default under Section 3.3 of the Note.
         

  	8 	 

 

         
1.7       Status as Shareholder. Upon submission of a Notice of Conversion 
by a Holder, (i) the shares covered thereby (other than the shares, if any, 
which cannot be issued because their issuance would exceed such Holder’s 
allocated portion of the Reserved Amount or Maximum Share Amount) shall be 
deemed converted into shares of Common Stock and (ii) the Holder’s rights 
as a Holder of such converted portion of this Note shall cease and 
terminate, excepting only the right to receive certificates for such shares 
of Common Stock and to any remedies provided herein or otherwise available 
at law or in equity to such Holder because of a failure by the Borrower to 
comply with the terms of this Note. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if a 
Holder has not received certificates for all shares of Common Stock prior 
to the tenth (10th) business day after the expiration of the Deadline with 
respect to a conversion of any portion of this Note for any reason, then 
(unless the Holder otherwise elects to retain its status as a holder of 
Common Stock by so notifying the Borrower) the Holder shall regain the 
rights of a Holder of this Note with respect to such unconverted portions 
of this Note and the Borrower shall, as soon as practicable, return such 
unconverted Note to the Holder or, if the Note has not been surrendered, 
adjust its records to reflect that such portion of this Note has not been 
converted. In all cases, the Holder shall retain all of its rights and 
remedies (including, without limitation, (i) the right to receive 
Conversion Default Payments pursuant to Section 1.3 to the extent required 
thereby for such Conversion Default and any subsequent Conversion Default 
and (ii) the right to have the Conversion Price with respect to subsequent 
conversions determined in accordance with Section 1.3) for the Borrower’s 
failure to convert this Note.
         
ARTICLE II. CERTAIN COVENANTS
 
2.1       Distributions on Capital Stock. So long as the Borrower shall 
have any obligation under this Note, the Borrower shall not without the 
Holder’s written consent (a) pay, declare or set apart for such payment, 
any dividend or other distribution (whether in cash, property or other 
securities) on shares of capital stock other than dividends on shares of 
Common Stock solely in the form of additional shares of Common Stock or (b) 
directly or indirectly or through any subsidiary make any other payment or 
distribution in respect of its capital stock except for distributions 
pursuant to any shareholders’ rights plan which is approved by a majority 
of the Borrower’s disinterested directors.
         
2.2       Restriction on Stock Repurchases. So long as the Borrower shall 
have any obligation under this Note, the Borrower shall not without the 
Holder’s written consent redeem, repurchase or otherwise acquire (whether 
for cash or in exchange for property or other securities or otherwise) in 
any one transaction or series of related transactions any shares of capital 
stock of the Borrower or any warrants, rights or options to purchase or 
acquire any such shares.
         

  	9 	 

 

 
ARTICLE III. EVENTS OF DEFAULT
 
        If any of the following events of default (each, an “Event of
        Default”) shall occur:
         
3.1       Failure to Pay Principal or Interest. The Borrower fails to pay 
the principal hereof or interest thereon when due on this Note, whether at 
maturity, upon acceleration or otherwise.
         
3.2       Conversion and the Shares. The Borrower fails to reserve a 
sufficient amount of shares of common stock as required under the terms of 
this Note (including Section 1.3 of this Note)(and such breach continues 
for a period of five (5) days), fails to issue shares of Common Stock to 
the Holder (or announces or threatens in writing that it will not honor its 
obligation to do so) upon exercise by the Holder of the conversion rights 
of the Holder in accordance with the terms of this Note, fails to transfer 
or cause its transfer agent to transfer (issue) (electronically or in 
certificated form) any certificate for shares of Common Stock issued to the 
Holder upon conversion of or otherwise pursuant to this Note as and when 
required by this Note, the Borrower directs its transfer agent not to 
transfer or delays, impairs, and/or hinders its transfer agent in 
transferring (or issuing) (electronically or in certificated form) any 
certificate for shares of Common Stock to be issued to the Holder upon 
conversion of or otherwise pursuant to this Note as and when required by 
this Note, or fails to remove (or directs its transfer agent not to remove 
or impairs, delays, and/or hinders its transfer agent from removing) any 
restrictive legend (or to withdraw any stop transfer instructions in 
respect thereof) on any certificate for any shares of Common Stock issued 
to the Holder upon conversion of or otherwise pursuant to this Note as and 
when required by this Note (or makes any written announcement, statement or 
threat that it does not intend to honor the obligations described in this 
paragraph) and any such failure shall continue uncured (or any written 
announcement, statement or threat not to honor its obligations shall not be 
rescinded in writing) for three (3) business days after the Holder shall 
have delivered a Notice of Conversion. It is an obligation of the Borrower 
to remain current in its obligations to its transfer agent. It shall be an 
event of default of this Note, if a conversion of this Note is delayed, 
hindered or frustrated due to a balance owed by the Borrower to its 
transfer agent. If at the option of the Holder, the Holder advances any 
funds to the Borrower’s transfer agent in order to process a conversion, 
such advanced funds shall be immediately added to the balance of the Note 
without any further action by any party.
         
3.3       Breach of Covenants. The Borrower breaches any material covenant 
or other material term or condition contained in this Note and any 
collateral documents and such breach continues for a period of ten (10) 
days after written notice thereof to the Borrower from the Holder.
         

  	10 	 

 

 
3.4       Breach of Representations and Warranties.       Any 
representation or warranty of the Borrower made herein or in any agreement, 
statement or certificate given in writing pursuant hereto or in connection 
herewith, shall be false or misleading in any material respect when made 
and the breach of which has (or with the passage of time will have) a 
material adverse effect on the rights of the Holder with respect to this 
Note.
         
3.5       Receiver or Trustee. The Borrower or any subsidiary of the 
Borrower shall make an assignment for the benefit of creditors, or apply 
for or consent to the appointment of a receiver or trustee for it or for a 
substantial part of its property or business, or such a receiver or trustee 
shall otherwise be appointed.
         
3.6       Judgments. Any money judgment, writ or similar process shall be 
entered or filed against the Borrower or any subsidiary of the Borrower or 
any of its property or other assets for more than $50,000, and shall remain 
unvacated, unbonded or unstayed for a period of twenty (20) days unless 
otherwise consented to by the Holder, which consent will not be 
unreasonably withheld.
         
3.7       Bankruptcy. Bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or liquidation 
proceedings or other proceedings, voluntary or involuntary, for relief 
under any bankruptcy law or any law for the relief of debtors shall be 
instituted by or against the Borrower or any subsidiary of the Borrower.
         
3.8       Delisting of Common Stock. The Borrower shall fail to maintain 
the listing or quotation of the Common Stock on the OTCQB or an equivalent 
replacement exchange, the Nasdaq Global Market, the Nasdaq Capital Market, 
the New York Stock Exchange, or the NYSE MKT.
         
3.9       Failure to Comply with the Exchange Act. The Borrower shall fail 
to comply with the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act (including 
being delinquent on its filing obligations), and/or the Borrower shall 
cease to be subject to the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act.
         
3.10       Liquidation. Any dissolution, liquidation, or winding up of 
Borrower or any substantial portion of its business.
         
3.11       Cessation of Operations. Any cessation of operations by Borrower 
or Borrower admits it is otherwise generally unable to pay its debts as 
such debts become due, provided, however, that any disclosure of the 
Borrower’s ability to continue as a “going concern” shall not be an 
admission that the Borrower cannot pay its debts as they become due.
 
3.12       Financial Statement Restatement. The Borrower replaces its 
auditor, or any restatement of any financial statements filed by the 
Borrower with the SEC for any date or period from two years prior to the 
Issue Date of this Note and until this Note is no longer outstanding, if 
the result of such restatement would, by comparison to the unrestated 
financial statement, have constituted a material adverse effect on the 
rights of the Holder with respect to this Note.
 

  	11 	 

 

 
3.13       Reverse Splits. The Borrower effectuates a reverse split of its 
Common Stock without twenty (20) days prior written notice to the Holder.
 
3.14       Replacement of Transfer Agent. In the event that the Borrower 
replaces its transfer agent, and the Borrower fails to provide prior to the 
effective date of such replacement, a fully executed Irrevocable Transfer 
Agent Instructions (including but not limited to the provision to 
irrevocably reserve shares of Common Stock in the Reserved Amount) signed 
by the successor transfer agent to Borrower and the Borrower.
 
3.16       Cross-Default. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary 
contained in this Note or the other related or companion documents, a 
breach or default by the Borrower of any covenant or other term or 
condition contained in any of the other financial instrument, including but 
not limited to all convertible promissory notes, currently issued, or 
hereafter issued, by the Borrower, to the Holder or any other 3rd party 
(the “Other Agreements”), after the passage of all applicable notice and 
cure or grace periods, shall, at the option of the Holder, be considered a 
default under this Note, in which event the Holder shall be entitled to 
apply all rights and remedies of the Holder under the terms of this Note by 
reason of a default under said Other Agreement or hereunder.
 
3.17       Inside Information. Any attempt by the Borrower or its officers, 
directors, and/or affiliates to transmit, convey, disclose, or any actual 
transmittal, conveyance, or disclosure by the Borrower or its officers, 
directors, and/or affiliates of, material non-public information concerning 
the Borrower, to the Holder or its successors and assigns, which is not 
immediately cured by Borrower’s filing of a Form 8-K pursuant to Regulation 
FD on that same date.
 
3.18       No bid. At any time while this Note is outstanding, the lowest 
Trading Prices on the OTCQB or other applicable principal trading market 
for the Common Stock is equal to or less than $0.0001.
         

  	12 	 

 

 
UPON THE OCCURRENCE AND DURING THE CONTINUATION OF ANY EVENT OF DEFAULT 
SPECIFIED IN SECTION 3.2, THE NOTE SHALL BECOME IMMEDIATELY DUE AND PAYABLE 
AND THE BORROWER SHALL PAY TO THE HOLDER, IN FULL SATISFACTION OF ITS 
OBLIGATIONS HEREUNDER, AN AMOUNT EQUAL TO: (Y) THE DEFAULT SUM (AS DEFINED 
HEREIN); MULTIPLIED BY (Z) TWO (2). Upon the occurrence and during the 
continuation of any Event of Default specified in Sections 3.1, 3.3, 3.4, 
3.5, 3.6, 3.7, 3.8, 3.9, 3.10, 3.11, 3.12, 3.13, 3.14, 3.15, 3.16, 3.17, 
and/or 3.18 exercisable through the delivery of written notice to the 
Borrower by such Holders (the “Default Notice”), and upon the occurrence of 
an Event of Default specified the remaining sections of Articles III, the 
Note shall become immediately due and payable and the Borrower shall pay to 
the Holder, in full satisfaction of its obligations hereunder, an amount 
equal to 150% multiplied by the then outstanding entire balance of the Note 
(including principal and accrued and unpaid interest) plus Default 
Interest, if any, plus any amounts owed to the Holder pursuant to Sections 
1.4(g) hereof (collectively, in the aggregate of all of the above, the 
“Default Sum”), and all other amounts payable hereunder shall immediately 
become due and payable, all without demand, presentment or notice, all of 
which hereby are expressly waived, together with all costs, including, 
without limitation, legal fees and expenses, of collection, and the Holder 
shall be entitled to exercise all other rights and remedies available at 
law or in equity.
 
If the Borrower fails to pay the Default Amount within five (5) business 
days of written notice that such amount is due and payable, then the Holder 
shall have the right at any time, so long as the Borrower remains in 
default (and so long and to the extent that there are sufficient authorized 
shares), to require the Borrower, upon written notice, to immediately 
issue, in lieu of the Default Amount, the number of shares of Common Stock 
of the Borrower equal to the Default Amount divided by the Conversion Price 
then in effect, subject to issuance in tranches due to the beneficial 
ownership limitations contained in this Note.
 
ARTICLE IV. MISCELLANEOUS
 
4.1       Failure or Indulgence Not Waiver. No failure or delay on the part 
of the Holder in the exercise of any power, right or privilege hereunder 
shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise 
of any such power, right or privilege preclude other or further exercise 
thereof or of any other right, power or privileges. All rights and remedies 
existing hereunder are cumulative to, and not exclusive of, any rights or 
remedies otherwise available.
         

  	13 	 

 

         
4.2       Notices. All notices, demands, requests, consents, approvals,and 
other communications required or permitted hereunder shall be in writing 
and, unless otherwise specified herein, shall be (i) personally served, 
(ii) deposited in the mail, registered or certified, return receipt 
requested, postage prepaid, (iii) delivered by reputable air courier 
service with charges prepaid, or (iv) transmitted by hand delivery, 
telegram, facsimile, or electronic mail addressed as set forth below or to 
such other address as such party shall have specified most recently by 
written notice. Any notice or other communication required or permitted to 
be given hereunder shall be deemed effective (a) upon hand delivery, upon 
electronic mail delivery, or delivery by facsimile, with accurate 
confirmation generated by the transmitting facsimile machine, at the 
address or number designated below (if delivered on a business day during 
normal business hours where such notice is to be received), or the first 
business day following such delivery (if delivered other than on a business 
day during normal business hours where such notice is to be received) or 
(b) on the second business day following the date of mailing by express 
courier service, fully prepaid, addressed to such address, or upon actual 
receipt of such mailing, whichever shall first occur. The addresses for 
such communications shall be:
         
      If to the Borrower, to:
       
        NIGHTFOOD HOLDINGS, INC.
        520 White Plains Road, Suite 500
        Tarrytown, NY 10591
        e-mail: Nightfood@nightfood.com
         
      If to the Holder:
       
        BLACK FOREST CAPITAL, LLC
        81 Prospect St.
        Brooklyn, NY 11201
        e-mail: Contact@BlackForest.Capital
         
4.3       Amendments. This Note and any provision hereof may only be 
amended by an instrument in writing signed by the Borrower and the Holder. 
The term “Note” and all reference thereto, as used throughout this 
instrument, shall mean this instrument as originally executed, or if later 
amended or supplemented, then as so amended or supplemented.
 
4.4       Assignability. This Note shall be binding upon the Borrower and 
its successors and assigns, and shall inure to be the benefit of the Holder 
and its successors and assigns. Notwithstanding anything in this Note to 
the contrary, this Note may be pledged as collateral in connection with a 
bona fide margin account or other lending arrangement.
 
4.5       Cost of Collection. If default is made in the payment of this 
Note, the Borrower shall pay the Holder hereof costs of collection, 
including reasonable attorneys’ fees.
 
4.6       Governing Law. This Note shall be governed by and construed in 
accordance with the laws of the State of New York without regard to 
principles of conflicts of laws. Any action brought by either party against 
the other concerning the transactions contemplated by this Note shall be 
brought only in the state and/or federal courts of New York. The parties to 
this Note hereby irrevocably waive any objection to jurisdiction and venue 
of any action instituted hereunder and shall not assert any defense based 
on lack of jurisdiction or venue or based upon forum non conveniens. The 
Borrower and Holder waive trial by jury. The prevailing party shall be 
entitled to recover from the other party its reasonable attorney's fees and 
costs. In the event that any provision of this Note or any other agreement 
delivered in connection herewith is invalid or unenforceable under any 
applicable statute or rule of law, then such provision shall be deemed 
inoperative to the extent that it may conflict therewith and shall be 
deemed modified to conform with such statute or rule of law. Any such 
provision which may prove invalid or unenforceable under any law shall not 
affect the validity or enforceability of any other provision of any 
agreement. Each party hereby irrevocably waives personal service of process 
and consents to process being served in any suit, action or proceeding in 
connection with this Agreement or any other Transaction Document by mailing 
a copy thereof via registered or certified mail or overnight delivery (with 
evidence of delivery) to such party at the address in effect for notices to 
it under this Agreement and agrees that such service shall constitute good 
and sufficient service of process and notice thereof. Nothing contained 
herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in 
any other manner permitted by law.
 

  	14 	 

 

 
4.7       Certain Amounts. Whenever pursuant to this Note the Borrower is 
required to pay an amount in excess of the outstanding principal amount (or 
the portion thereof required to be paid at that time) plus accrued and 
unpaid interest plus Default Interest on such interest, the Borrower and 
the Holder agree that the actual damages to the Holder from the receipt of 
cash payment on this Note may be difficult to determine and the amount to 
be so paid by the Borrower represents stipulated damages and not a penalty 
and is intended to compensate the Holder in part for loss of the 
opportunity to convert this Note and to earn a return from the sale of 
shares of Common Stock acquired upon conversion of this Note at a price in 
excess of the price paid for such shares pursuant to this Note. The 
Borrower and the Holder hereby agree that such amount of stipulated damages 
is not plainly disproportionate to the possible loss to the Holder from the 
receipt of a cash payment without the opportunity to convert this Note into 
shares of Common Stock.
 
4.8       Remedies. The Borrower acknowledges that a breach by it of its 
obligations hereunder will cause irreparable harm to the Holder, by 
vitiating the intent and purpose of the transaction contemplated hereby. 
Accordingly, the Borrower acknowledges that the remedy at law for a breach 
of its obligations under this Note will be inadequate and agrees, in the 
event of a breach or threatened breach by the Borrower of the provisions of 
this Note, that the Holder shall be entitled, in addition to all other 
available remedies at law or in equity, and in addition to the penalties 
assessable herein, to an injunction or injunctions restraining, preventing 
or curing any breach of this Note and to enforce specifically the terms and 
provisions thereof, without the necessity of showing economic loss and 
without any bond or other security being required.
 
4.9       Prepayment. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in 
this Note, the Borrower may prepay any amount outstanding under this Note, 
during the initial 90 day period after the issuance of this Note, by making 
a payment to the Holder of an amount in cash equal to 125% multiplied the 
amount that the Borrower is prepaying. Further, the Borrower may prepay any 
amount outstanding under this Note, from the 91st through the 179th day 
after the issuance of this Note, by making a payment to the Holder of an 
amount in cash equal to 140% multiplied the amount that the Borrower is 
prepaying. Beginning on the 180th day after the issuance of this Note, 
there shall be no prepayment permitted so long as the Note remains 
outstanding, unless the Borrower and Holder otherwise agree in a signed 
writing.
         

  	15 	 

 

 
4.10       Section 3(a)(10) Transactions. If at any time while this Note is 
outstanding, the Borrower enters into a transaction structured in 
accordance with, based upon, or related or pursuant to, in whole or in 
part, Section 3(a)(10) of the Securities Act (a “3(a)(10) Transaction”), 
then a liquidated damages charge of 25% of the outstanding principal 
balance of this Note at that time, will be assessed and will become 
immediately due and payable to the Holder, either in the form of cash 
payment or as an addition to the balance of the Note, as determined by 
mutual agreement of the Borrower and Holder.
 
4.11        Reverse Split Penalty. If at any time while this Note is 
outstanding, the Borrower effectuates a reverse split with respect to the 
Common Stock, then a liquidated damages charge of 15% of the outstanding 
principal balance of this Note at that time, will be assessed and will 
become immediately due and payable to the Holder, either in the form of 
cash payment or as an addition to the balance of the Note, as determined by 
mutual agreement of the Borrower and Holder.
 
4.12       Right of First Refusal. If at any time while this Note is 
outstanding, the Borrower has a bona fide offer of capital or financing 
from any 3rd party, that the Borrower intends to act upon, then the 
Borrower must first offer such opportunity to the Holder to provide such 
capital or financing to the Borrower on the same terms as each respective 
3rd party’s terms. Should the Holder be unwilling or unable to provide such 
capital or financing to the Borrower within 10 trading days from Holder’s 
receipt of written notice of the offer (the “Offer Notice”) from the 
Borrower, then the Borrower may obtain such capital or financing from that 
respective 3rd party upon the exact same terms and conditions offered by 
the Borrower to the Holder, which transaction must be completed within 30 
days after the date of the Offer Notice. If the Borrower does not receive 
the capital or financing from the respective 3rd party within 30 days after 
the date of the respective Offer Notice, then the Borrower must again offer 
the capital or financing opportunity to the Holder as described above, and 
the process detailed above shall be repeated. The Offer Notice must be sent 
via electronic mail to Contact@BlackForest.Capital.
         
[intentionally left blank]
 

  	16 	 

 

 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Borrower has caused this Note to be signed in its name 
by its duly authorized officer this February 8, 2017.
 
NIGHTFOOD HOLDINGS, INC. 	 
  	 
By: 	/s/ Sean Folkson 	 
Name:  	Sean Folkson 	 
Title: 	Chief Executive Officer 	 
 

  	17 	 

 

 
EXHIBIT A -- NOTICE OF CONVERSION
 
The undersigned hereby elects to convert $______________ principal amount 
of the Note (defined below) into that number of shares of Common Stock to 
be issued pursuant to the conversion of the Note (“Common Stock”) as set 
forth below, of NIGHTFOOD HOLDINGS, INC., a Nevada corporation (the 
“Borrower”) according to the conditions of the convertible note of the 
Borrower dated as of February 8, 2017 (the “Note”), as of the date written 
below. No fee will be charged to the Holder for any conversion, except for 
transfer taxes, if any.
 
Box Checked as to applicable instructions:
 
☐ 	The Borrower shall electronically transmit the Common Stock issuable 
pursuant to this Notice of Conversion to the account of the undersigned or 
its nominee with DTC through its Deposit Withdrawal Agent Commission system 
(“DWAC Transfer”).
         
        Name of DTC Prime Broker: Account Number:
         
☐ 	The undersigned hereby requests that the Borrower issue a certificate or 
certificates for the number of shares of Common Stock set forth below 
(which numbers are based on the Holder’s calculation attached hereto) in 
the name(s) specified immediately below or, if additional space is 
necessary, on an attachment hereto:
         
        BLACK FOREST CAPITAL, LLC
        81 Prospect St.
        Brooklyn, NY 11201
        e-mail: Contact@BlackForest.Capital
         
  	Date of Conversion: 	  	____________
  	Applicable Conversion Price: 	  	$___________
  	Number of Shares of Common Stock to be Issued Pursuant to Conversion of 
the Notes: 	  	____________
  	Amount of Principal Balance Due remaining Under the Note after this 
conversion: 	  	____________
          
  	BLACK FOREST CAPITAL, LLC 	 
  	  	  	 
  	By: 	      	 
  	Name: 	  	 
  	Title: 	  	 
  	Date: 	  	 
 

  	18 	 

 

 
EXHIBIT B
 
(see attached)
 

  	19 	 

 

                        
EXHIBIT C
                        
Account Name: 	Legal & Compliance, LLC, Operating Account
  	 
ABA Routing Number: 	121000248
  	 
Account Number: 	2000057977249
  	 
Bank Name: 	Wells Fargo Bank, N.A.
  	 
Bank Address: 	420 Montgomery, San Francisco, CA 94104
 

  	20 	 

 

 
EXHIBIT D
  
(see attached)
  

  	21 	 

 

 
 
Wire Instructions
 
 
Domestic Wires: 	International Wires:
  	 
Bank Name: 	Chase Bank 	Bank Name: 	Chase Bank
Bank Address: 	15003 N Dale Mabry Hwy 	Bank Address: 	15003 N Dale Mabry 
Hwy
  	Tampa, FL 33618 	  	Tampa, FL 33618
Account Number: 	3954498660 	Account Number: 	3954498660
Routine Number: 	267084131 	Routing Number: 	267084131
Account Name: 	ClearTrust, LLC 	Swift Code: 	CHASUS33
Account Address: 	16540 Pointe Village Dr, Ste 210 	Account Name: 	
ClearTrust, LLC
  	Lutz, FL 33558 	Account Address: 	16540 Pointe Village Dr, Ste 210
  	  	  	Lutz, FL 33558
Transfer Amount*: 	$___________ 	Transfer Amount*: 	$___________
 
 
* For Wire transfers please add a convenience fee of $15.00
 
 