 EX-10.38 3 stlt_ex1038.htm STANDARD EXCLUSIVE LICENSE AGREEMENT
EXHIBIT 10.38
 
[***] Indicates redacted information subject to a request for confidential 
treatment.
 
STANDARD EXCLUSIVE LICENSE AGREEMENT
WITH SUBLICENSING TERMS
 
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
Section 1
Definitions
Section 2
Grant
Section 3
Due Diligence
Section 4
Payments
Section 5
Certain Warranties and Disclaimers of FSURF
Section 6
Record Keeping
Section 7
Patent Prosecution
Section 8
Infringement and Invalidity
Section 9
Term and Termination
Section 10
Assignability
Section 11
Dispute Resolution Procedures
Section 12
Product Liability; Conduct of Business
Section 13
Use of Names
Section 14
Miscellaneous
Section 15
Notices
Section 16
Contract Formation and Authority
Section 17
United States Government Interests
Section 18
Confidentiality
Section 19
University Rules and Regulations
Appendix A –
Inter-institutional Agreement
Appendix B –
Development Plan
Appendix C –
Development Report
Appendix D –
FSURF Royalty Report
Appendix E –
Due Diligence
  
 
1
 
 
This Agreement is made effective the ____ day of _____________, 2016, (the 
“Effective Date”) by and between the Florida State University Research 
Foundation, Inc. (hereinafter called “FSURF”), a nonstock, nonprofit 
Florida corporation, having its principal place of business at 2000 Levy 
Avenue, Suite 351, Tallahassee, Florida 32310, and Spotlight Innovation 
Inc. (hereinafter called “Licensee”), a corporation organized and existing 
under the laws of Nevada, having its principle place of business at 6750 
Westown Pkwy, Ste. 200-226, Des Moines, Iowa 50266;
 
WHEREAS, U.S. Department of Health and Human Services, as represented by 
National Center for Advancing Translational Sciences (HHS), and Johns 
Hopkins University (JHU) are co-owners with Florida State University 
Research Foundation of certain inventions that are described in the 
“Licensed Patents” (defined below) and has granted FSURF the right to 
license its undivided rights pursuant to that certain Inter-institutional 
Agreement effective [***] and attached as Appendix A;
   
NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants and agreements set 
forth below, the parties covenant and agree as follows:
  
Section 1 Definitions
 
1.1 The term “Affiliate” shall mean: (a) any person or entity which 
controls at least fifty percent (50%) of the equity or voting stock of the 
Licensee or (b) any person or entity fifty percent (50%) of whose equity or 
voting stock is owned or controlled by the Licensee or (c) any person or 
entity of which at least fifty percent (50%) of the equity or voting stock 
is owned or controlled by the same person or entity owning or controlling 
at least fifty percent (50%) of Licensee or (d) any entity in which any 
officer or employee is also an officer or employee of Licensee or any 
person who is an officer or employee of Licensee.
 
1.2 “Development Plan” shall mean a written report summarizing the 
development activities that are to be undertaken by the Licensee to bring 
Licensed Products and/or Licensed Processes to the market. The Development 
Plan is attached as Appendix B.
 
1.3 “Development Report” shall mean a written account of Licensee’s 
progress under the Development Plan having at least the information 
specified on Appendix C to this Agreement, and shall be sent to the address 
specified on Appendix C.
 
1.4 “Licensed Field” shall include treatment of viral infection(s).
 
1.5 “Licensed Patents” shall refer to and mean all of the following FSURF 
intellectual property:
 
      1.5.1 the United States patent(s)/patent application(s) U.S.
      Provisional patent applications [***], and all U.S. patents and
      foreign patents and patent applications based on these U.S.
      applications.
       
      1.5.2 United States and foreign patents issued from the applications
      listed in 1.5.1 above and from divisionals and continuations of these
      applications, to the extent the claims are directed to subject matter
      specifically described in the applications listed in 1.5.1 above and
      are dominated by the claims of those patent applications and patents
      issuing thereon or reissues thereof, and any and all foreign patents
      and patent applications corresponding thereto, all to the extent
      owned or controlled by Florida State University.
 
1.6 “Licensed Product” and “Licensed Process” shall mean:
 
      1.6.1 In the case of a Licensed Product, any product or part thereof
      developed by or on behalf of Licensee that:
 
 
(a) 	is covered in whole or in part by an issued, unexpired claim or a 
pending claim contained in the Licensed Patents, in any country in which 
any product is made, used or sold;
 
(b) 	is manufactured by using a process which is covered in whole or in 
part by an issued, unexpired claim or a pending claim contained in the 
Licensed Patents, in any country in which any such process is used or in 
which any such product is used or sold.
 
      1.6.2 In the case of a Licensed Process, any process which:
 
 
(a) 	is covered in whole or in part by an issued, unexpired claim or a 
pending claim contained in the Licensed Patents in any country in which 
such process is practiced.
 
 
2
 
 
1.7 “Licensed Territory” shall be worldwide.
 
1.8 “Liquidation Event” means (a) a merger, share exchange or other 
reorganization, (b) the sale by one or more stockholders of a majority of 
the voting power of Licensee, (c) the sale of all or substantially all of 
the assets of Licensee, or (d) an asset sale of a Licensed Product(s) and 
or Licensed Process(es), in which, with respect to (a), (b), and (c), the 
stockholders of Licensee prior to such transaction do not own, directly or 
indirectly, a majority of the voting power of the acquiring, surviving or 
successor entity, as the case may be. For the avoidance of doubt, a 
Liquidation Event shall not include the issuance and sale of Licensee’s 
equity securities, or securities convertible into Licensee’s equity 
securities, in a private placement transaction or other transaction that is 
not an Initial Public Offering or the issuance of Licensee’s equity 
securities to a bona fide creditor of Licensee in exchange for the 
cancellation of indebtedness owed by Licensee, in each case, even if such 
sale or issuance transaction results in the stockholders of Licensee 
immediately prior to such transaction not owning, directly or indirectly, a 
majority of the voting power of Licensee after such transaction.
 
1.9 “Net Sales” shall mean the gross invoice price charged by, and the 
value of non-cash consideration owed to, Licensee, an Affiliate or a 
Sublicensee for sales of Licensed Products and Licensed Processes, less (a) 
sales taxes or other taxes (other than income taxes), (b) shipping and 
insurance charges, (c) actual allowances, rebates, credits, or refunds for 
returned or defective goods, chargeback payments (or the equivalent 
thereof), (d) trade, quantity, and other discounts, retroactive price 
reductions, or other allowances actually allowed or granted from the billed 
amount and taken (provided that such discounts shall be limited to 
discounts in amounts customary in the trade), and (e) any import or export 
duties, tariffs, or similar charges incurred with respect to the import or 
export of Licensed Products or Licensed Processes into or out of any 
country in the Licensed Territory. Licensed Products and Licensed Processes 
will be considered sold when it is shipped, delivered, or invoiced, 
whichever is earlier, by Licensee, an Affiliate or a Sublicensee, as the 
case may be. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Net Sales shall not include, 
and shall be deemed zero with respect to (a) the distribution of reasonable 
quantities of promotional samples of Licensed Products and (b) Licensed 
Products and Licensed Processes provided for clinical trials and research 
purposes. For purposes of calculating Net Sales, a sale to a Sublicensee 
for end use by the Sublicensee will be treated as a sale at Licensee’s list 
price. For clarity, the term “Net Sales” does not include consideration 
received by Licensee for the grant of rights under a Sublicense (for which 
payment shall be governed solely by Section 2.2.2 hereof) or for royalties 
under a Sublicense (for which payment shall be governed solely by Section 
2.2.2 hereof).
 
1.10 The term “Sublicensee” shall mean any third party to whom Licensee 
confers the right to make, use or sell Licensed Product and/or Licensed 
Processes and/or any of the intellectual property rights embodied in 
Licensed Patents.
 
Section 2 Grant
 
2.1 License.
 
2.1.1 License Under Licensed Patents
 
      FSURF hereby grants to Licensee an exclusive license, limited to the
      Licensed Field and the Licensed Territory, under the Licensed Patents
      to make, use and sell Licensed Products and/or Licensed Processes.
      FSURF reserves to itself, Florida State University, HHS, and JHU the
      right to make and use the Licensed Patents, Licensed Products and/or
      Licensed Processes solely for their internal research, clinical
      (including, but not limited to patient care), and educational
      purposes. In addition, FSURF reserves to itself, as well as to
      Florida State University, HHS, JHU and to all non-profit research
      institutions, the right to use materials that might be covered under
      Licensed Patents solely for their internal research, educational, and
      clinical purposes and to meet all applicable governmental
      requirements governing the ability to transfer materials. This
      license grant is subject to the government license rights in Section
      17 herein.
 
 
3
 
 
2.2 Sublicense.
 
      2.2.1 Licensee may grant written, Sublicenses to third parties. Any
      agreement granting a Sublicense shall state that the Sublicense is
      subject to the termination of this Agreement. Licensee shall have the
      same responsibility for the activities of any Sublicensee or
      Affiliate as if the activities were directly those of Licensee. This
      right is subject to the requirement that any sublicense is subject to
      the HHS Inter-Institutional Agreement attached as Appendix A.
 
      2.2.2 In respect to Sublicenses granted by Licensee under 2.2.1
      above, Licensee shall pay to FSURF an amount equal to what Licensee
      would have been required to pay to FSURF had Licensee sold the amount
      of Licensed Products or Licensed Processes sold by such Sublicensee.
      In addition, if Licensee receives any fees, minimum royalties, or
      other payments in consideration for any rights granted under a
      Sublicense, and such payments are not based directly upon the amount
      or value of Licensed Products or Licensed Processes sold by the
      Sublicensee, then Licensee shall pay FSURF an amount equal to [***]
      of such payments for any Sublicense entered into during the first two
      years following the Effective Date, and an amount equal to [***] of
      such payments for a Sublicense entered into thereafter, of such
      payments in the manner specified in Section 4. Licensee shall not
      receive from Sublicensees anything of value in lieu of cash payments
      in consideration for any Sublicense under this Agreement without the
      express prior written permission of FSURF.
       
      2.2.3 Licensee shall provide FSURF with an unredacted copy of each
      sublicense agreement and any agreement which transfers intellectual
      property rights granted hereunder, at least thirty (30) days prior to
      the execution of the sublicense agreement and a fully executed
      version within thirty (30) days of execution.
       
      2.2.4 In the event that FSURF notifies Licensee in writing of a third
      party’s interest in a field of use which Licensee is not addressing
      at the time of receipt of the notice, Licensee shall respond to FSURF
      in writing within thirty (30) days of receipt of such notice to
      inform FSURF whether Licensee intends to pursue the Field of Use. If
      in such response, Licensee elects to forego the Field of Use, FSURF
      may terminate the Licensee’s license in said field and negotiate and
      execute said license directly.
 
 
4
 
 
Section 3 Due Diligence
 
3.1 Development.
 
3.1.1 Licensee agrees to and warrants that:
 
 
(a) 	it has, or will obtain, the expertise necessary to independently 
evaluate the inventions of the Licensed Patents;
 
(b) 	it will establish and actively and diligently pursue the Development 
Plan (see Appendix B) to the end that the inventions of the Licensed 
Patents will be utilized to provide Licensed Products and/or Licensed 
Processes for sale in the retail market within the Licensed Field;
 
(c) 	it will diligently develop markets for Licensed Products and Licensed 
Processes; and
 
(d) 	until the date of first commercial sale of Licensed Products or 
Licensed Processes, it will supply FSURF with a written Development Report 
annually fifteen (15) days after the end of the calendar year (see Appendix 
C).
 
      3.1.2 Licensee agrees that the first commercial sale of products to
      the retail customer shall occur on or before January 1, 2023 or FSURF
      shall have the right to terminate the Agreement pursuant to Section
      9.3 hereto. In addition, Licensee agrees to pay the product
      development milestone payments listed in Section 4.3.3 and to
      complete the due diligence activities listed in Appendix E or FSURF
      shall have the right to terminate the Agreement pursuant to Section
      9.3. Licensee will notify FSURF in writing as each milestone or due
      diligence activity is met.
       
      3.1.3 Licensee may issue a written request to negotiate extensions of
      individual milestones listed in Section 4.3.3 or due dates for
      individual due diligence activities listed in Appendix E. Provided
      that such requests are received by FSURF no less than ninety (90)
      days prior to the original due date in the case of milestone
      payments, or no less than forty five (45) days prior to the original
      due date in the case of due diligence activities, and that each
      request describes fully Licensee’s diligent efforts to achieve the
      milestones or complete the due diligence activities, FSURF shall
      consider in good faith such requests. Upon granting each such
      request, FSURF and Licensee shall negotiate in good faith the length
      of the extension. FSURF shall not unreasonably withhold requests to
      negotiate extensions.
       
      3.1.4 Florida State University policies may require approval of
      clinical trials involving technology invented at the University.
      Accordingly, Licensee will notify FSURF prior to commencing any
      clinical trials at Florida State University or its affiliated medical
      facilities.
 
 
5
 
 
Section 4 Payments
 
4.1 Obligation in Lieu of License Issue Fee (Alternative Fee).
 
      In lieu of a license issue fee, in the case of a Liquidation Event
      after the Effective Date, Licensee agrees to pay to FSURF an amount
      equal to [***] of the transaction value ascribed to those assets,
      products, and properties related to or stemming from the licensed
      technology defined in the Agreement (the “Alternative Fee”). Payment
      of the Alternative Fee shall be due thirty (30) days following the
      closing of such Liquidation Event.
 
4.2 Royalty.
 
      Licensee agrees to pay to FSURF as earned royalties a royalty
      calculated as a percentage of Net Sales from the sale of Licensed
      Product and/or Licensed Process. The royalty is deemed earned as of
      the earlier of the date the Licensed Product and/or Licensed Process
      is actually sold and paid for, the date an invoice is sent by
      Licensee or its Sublicensee(s), or the date a Licensed Product and/or
      Licensed Process is transferred to a third party for any promotional
      reasons. The royalty shall remain fixed while this Agreement is in
      effect at a rate of [***] of Net Sales.
 
4.3 Other Payments.
 
      4.3.1 Licensee agrees to pay FSURF maintenance fees according to the
      schedule below upon each anniversary of the Effective Date.
 
Payment
 
[***]
$ [***]
 
[***]
$ [***]
 
[***]
$ [***]
 
[***]
$ [***]
 
[***]
$ [***]
 
[***]
and every [***] thereafter on the same date, for the life of this 
Agreement.
 
      4.3.2 Upon the first quarter that sales are made, the maintenance fee
      shall no longer be required, and minimum royalty payments shall be
      made according to the schedule below and shall be creditable against
      royalties.
 
Payment
 
[***]
$ [***]
 
[***]
$ [***]
 
[***]
$ [***]
 
[***]
$ [***]
 
[***]
and every [***] thereafter on the same date, for the life of this Agreement
 
      Upon the first quarter following the quarter in which commercial
      sales of the applicable Licensed Product and/or Licensed Process
      begin, the above minimum royalties shall be paid on a quarterly
      basis, with such amounts due within thirty (30) days of the end of
      the calendar quarter, such calendar quarters ending on March 31, June
      30, September 30, and December 31. Any minimum royalty paid in a
      calendar year will be credited against the earned royalties for that
      calendar year. Any earned royalties paid in a calendar year will be
      credited against the minimum royalties due for said calendar year. It
      is understood that earned royalties will be applied against minimum
      royalties on a calendar year basis, and that sales of Licensed
      Products and/or Licensed Processes requiring the payment of earned
      royalties made during a prior or subsequent calendar year shall have
      no effect on the annual minimum royalty due FSURF for other than the
      same calendar year in which the royalties were earned.
 
 
6
 
 
4.3.3 In addition to all other payments required under this Agreement, 
Licensee agrees to pay FSURF milestone payments, as follows:
 
                 Milestone payments for the first product:
                  
                 [***]– upon the earlier of (a) the [***], or (b)
                 [***]anniversary of the date of this license.
                 [***]– upon the earlier of (a) [***], or (b)
                 [***]anniversary of the Effective Date.
                 [***]– upon the [***].
                 [***]– upon filing of the [***].
                 [***]– within [***]after the [***].
                  
                 Milestones payments for each additional product:
                  
                 [***]– upon [***].
                 [***]– upon [***]
                 [***]– within [***]after the [***].
 
4.4 Accounting for Payments.
 
      4.4.1 Amounts owing to FSURF under Sections 4.1 and 4.2 shall be paid
      on a quarterly basis after the amount of minimum royalties paid is
      exceeded, with such amounts due and received by FSURF on or before
      the thirtieth day following the end of the calendar quarter ending on
      March 31, June 30, September 30 or December 31 in which such amounts
      were earned. Any amounts which remain unpaid after the date they are
      due to FSURF shall accrue interest from the due date at the rate of
      [***]. However, in no event shall this interest provision be
      construed as a grant of permission for any payment delays. Licensee
      shall also be responsible for repayment to FSURF of any attorney,
      collection agency, or other out-of-pocket FSURF expenses required to
      collect overdue payments due from this Section, or any other
      applicable section of this Agreement.
 
      4.4.2 Except as otherwise directed, all amounts owing to FSURF under
      this Agreement shall be paid in U.S. dollars to FSURF at the
      following address:
       
           President
           Florida State University Research Foundation, Inc.
           Attn: Gary K. Ostrander
           2000 Levy Avenue, Suite 351
           Tallahassee, FL 32310
 
           All royalties owing with respect to Net Sales stated in
           currencies other than U.S. dollars shall be converted at the
           rate shown in the Federal Reserve Noon Valuation - Value of
           Foreign Currencies on the day preceding the payment due date.
 
 
7
 
 
      4.4.3 A certified full accounting statement showing how any amounts
      payable to FSURF under Section 4.3 have been calculated shall be
      submitted to FSURF on the date of each such payment. In addition to
      being certified, such accounting statements shall contain a written
      representation signed by an executive officer of Licensee that states
      that the statements are true, accurate, and fairly represent all
      amounts payable to FSURF pursuant to this Agreement. Such accounting
      shall be on a per-country and product line, model or trade name basis
      and shall be summarized on the form shown in Appendix D – FSURF
      Royalty Report of this Agreement.
       
      4.4.4 FSURF is exempt from paying income taxes under U.S. law.
      Therefore, all payments due under this Agreement shall be made
      without deduction for taxes, assessments, or other charges of any
      kind which may be imposed on FSURF by any government outside of the
      United States or any political subdivision of such government with
      respect to any amounts payable to FSURF pursuant to this Agreement.
      All such taxes, assessments, or other charges shall be assumed by
      Licensee.
 
Section 5 Certain Warranties and Disclaimers of FSURF
 
5.1 FSURF warrants that, except as otherwise provided under Section 17.1 of 
this Agreement and the Inter-Institutional Agreement attached as Appendix 
A, with respect to U.S. Government interests, it is the co-owner of the 
Licensed Patents or otherwise has the right to grant the licenses granted 
to Licensee in this Agreement. However, nothing in this Agreement shall be 
construed as:
 
      5.1.1 a warranty or representation by FSURF as to the validity or
      scope of any right included in the Licensed Patents;
       
      5.1.2 a warranty or representation that anything made, used, sold or
      otherwise disposed of under the license granted in this Agreement
      will or will not infringe patents of third parties;
       
      5.1.3 an obligation to bring or prosecute actions or suits against
      third parties for infringement of Licensed Patents;
       
      5.1.4 an obligation to furnish any know-how not provided in Licensed
      Patents or any services other than those specified in this Agreement;
      or
       
      5.1.5 a warranty or representation by FSURF that it will not grant
      licenses to others to make, use or sell products not covered by the
      claims of the Licensed Patents which may be similar and/or compete
      with products made or sold by Licensee.
 
 
8
 
 
5.2 EXCEPT AS OTHERWISE EXPRESSLY SET FORTH IN THIS AGREEMENT, FSURF MAKES 
NO REPRESENTATIONS AND EXTENDS NO WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR 
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, 
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND VALIDITY OF LICENSED PATENTS CLAIMS, 
ISSUED OR PENDING. FSURF ASSUMES NO RESPONSIBILITIES WHATSOEVER WITH 
RESPECT TO USE, SALE, OR OTHER DISPOSITION BY LICENSEE, ITS SUBLICENSEE(S), 
OR THEIR VENDEES OR OTHER TRANSFEREES OF PRODUCT INCORPORATING OR MADE BY 
USE OF INVENTIONS LICENSED UNDER THIS AGREEMENT.
 
Section 6 Record Keeping
 
6.1 Licensee and its Sublicensee(s) shall keep books and records sufficient 
to verify the accuracy and completeness of Licensee’s and its 
Sublicensee(s)’s accounting referred to above, including without 
limitation, inventory, purchase and invoice records, manufacturing records, 
sales analysis, general ledgers, financial statements, and tax returns 
relating to the Licensed Products and/or Licensed Processes. Such books and 
records shall be preserved for a period not less than six years after they 
are created or as required by federal law, both during and after the term 
of this Agreement.
 
6.2 Licensee and its Sublicensee(s) shall take all steps necessary so that 
FSURF may, within thirty (30) days of its written request, audit, review 
and/or copy all of the books and records at a single U.S. location to 
verify the accuracy of Licensee’s and its Sublicensee(s)’s accounting. Such 
review may be performed by any authorized employees of FSURF as well as by 
any attorneys and/or accountants designated by FSURF, upon reasonable 
notice and during regular business hours. If a deficiency with regard to 
any payment hereunder is determined, Licensee and its Sublicensee(s) shall 
pay the deficiency within thirty (30) days of receiving notice thereof 
along with applicable interest as described in Section 4.4.1. If a royalty 
payment deficiency for a calendar year exceeds [***] of the royalties paid 
for that year, then Licensee and its Sublicensee(s) shall be responsible 
for paying FSURF’s out-of-pocket expenses incurred with respect to such 
review.
 
6.3 At any time during the term of this agreement, FSURF may request in 
writing that Licensee verify the calculation of any past payments owed to 
FSURF through the means of a self-audit. Within ninety (90) days of the 
request, Licensee shall complete a self-audit of its books and records to 
verify the accuracy and completeness of the payments owed. Within thirty 
(30) days of the completion of the self-audit, Licensee shall submit to 
FSURF a report detailing the findings of the self-audit and the manner in 
which it was conducted in order to verify the accuracy and completeness of 
the payments owed. If Licensee has determined through its self-audit that 
there is any payment deficiency, Licensee shall pay FSURF the deficiency 
along with applicable interest under Section 4.4.1 with the submission of 
the self-audit report to FSURF.
 
Section 7 Patent Prosecution
 
7.1 FSURF shall diligently prosecute and maintain the Licensed Patents 
using counsel of its choice. FSURF shall provide Licensee with copies of 
all patent applications amendments, and other filings with the United 
States Patent and Trademark Office and foreign patent offices. FSURF will 
also provide Licensee with copies of office actions and other 
communications received by FSURF from the United States Patent and 
Trademark Office and foreign patent offices relating to Licensed Patents. 
Licensee agrees to keep such information confidential.
 
 
9
 
 
7.2 Licensee shall pay to FSURF the sum of [***], within thirty (30) days 
of the Effective Date to reimburse any and all expenses associated with 
preparation, filing, prosecution, issuance, maintenance, defense, and 
reporting of the Licensed Patents incurred prior to the Effective Date. (
NOTE: the above referenced dollar amount in this Section 7.2 is subject to 
change, as all related patent prosecution expense invoices may not have 
been received from the law firm at the time of license terms negotiation. 
In addition, the amounts in this article are separate from other amounts 
due for payment listed elsewhere.)
 
7.3 Licensee shall be responsible for and pay all costs and expenses 
incurred by FSURF related to the preparation, filing, prosecution, 
issuance, maintenance, defense and reporting of the Licensed Patents 
subsequent to and separate of those expenses cited in Section 7.2 within 
thirty (30) days of receipt of an invoice from FSURF. It shall be the 
responsibility of Licensee to keep FSURF fully apprised of the “small 
entity” status of Licensee and all Sublicensees with respect to the U.S. 
patent laws and with respect to the patent laws of any other countries, if 
applicable, and to inform FSURF of any changes in writing of such status, 
within thirty (30) days of any such change. In the event that additional 
licenses are granted to licensees for alternate fields-of-use, patent 
expenses associated with Licensed Patents will be divided proportionally 
between the number of existing licensees. In the case of foreign patent 
protection, if a licensee declines to reimburse FSURF for its proportional 
share of patent expenses in any particular country, then said licensee 
relinquishes the right to commercialize Licensed Products in the specified 
country.
 
Section 8 Infringement and Invalidity
 
8.1 In the event that any Licensed Patents are infringed by a third party, 
Licensor and joint owners of the Licensed Patents (subject to and as 
described in the Inter-Institutional Agreement attached as Appendix A) 
shall have the first right and choice, but not obligation, to defend the 
Licensed Patents. Licensee shall have the right, but not the obligation, to 
defend the Licensed Patents after Licensor and joint owners elect not to 
commence a suit either by formal notice to Licensee or by failure to act 
within the ninety (90) day period following notification of the infringer, 
to institute, prosecute and control any action or proceeding with respect 
to such infringement, by counsel of its choice, including any declaratory 
judgment action arising from such infringement provided, however, prior to 
instituting such action, Licensee shall first meet with FSURF and provide 
FSURF with (i) a written estimate of the expenses that would reasonably be 
incurred in connection with such action or proceeding and (ii) financial 
records reasonably sufficient to reasonably demonstrate that it has the 
financial wherewithal to pay such expenses as they fall due through the 
conclusion of such action or proceeding by means of judgment or other 
final, non-appealable decision or a plan to raise such funds. In the event 
that any Patent Rights licensed to Licensee are infringed by a third party 
prior to Licensee filing an investigational new drug application (“IND”) 
for a Licensed Product, prior to any enforcement action being taken by 
either FSURF or Licensee regarding such infringement, FSURF and Licensee 
shall discuss, and will mutually agree, in writing, as to how to handle 
such infringement by such third party. Licensee shall be free to enter into 
a settlement, consent judgment, or other voluntary disposition with respect 
to any such action, provided that any settlement, consent judgment or other 
voluntary disposition thereof which (i) materially limits the scope, 
validity, or enforceability of patents included in the Patent Rights or 
(ii) admits fault or wrongdoing on the part of FSURF must be approved by 
FSURF, such approval not to be unreasonably withheld. Licensee’s request 
for such approval shall include complete copies of final settlement 
documents, a detailed summary of such settlement, and any other information 
material to such settlement. FSURF shall provide Licensee notice of its 
approval or denial within fifteen (15) business days of any request for 
such approval by Licensee, provided that (i) in the event FSURF wishes to 
deny such approval, such notice shall include a detailed written 
description of FSURF’s reasonable objections to the proposed settlement, 
consent judgment, or other voluntary disposition and (ii) FSURF shall be 
deemed to have approved of such proposed settlement, consent judgment, or 
other voluntary disposition in the event it fails to provide such notice 
within such fifteen (15) day period in accordance herewith. If Licensee 
recovers monetary damages in the form of lost profits from a third party 
infringer as a remedy for the infringement of Patent Rights licensed 
hereunder, then Licensee shall first apply such recovery to the costs and 
expenses incurred in obtaining or negotiating for such recovery (including 
attorneys’ fees) and reimburse FSURF for the costs and expenses it 
reasonably incurred in obtaining or negotiating for such recovery 
(including attorneys’ fees), and pay to FSURF the royalties on the 
remaining portion of such lost profits at the rate specified in Section 
4.2. If Licensee recovers monetary damages in the form of a reasonable 
royalty as a remedy for the infringement of Patent Rights, then, after 
applying such royalty to the recovery of the costs and expenses incurred in 
obtaining or negotiating for such royalty (including attorneys’ fees) and 
reimbursing FSURF for the costs and expenses it reasonably incurred in 
obtaining or negotiating for such recovery (including attorneys’ fees), the 
remaining amount of any such royalty shall be treated as Sublicensing 
Royalty Revenue in accordance with Section 2.2.2.
 
 
10
 
 
8.2 Notwithstanding the foregoing, and in FSURF’s sole discretion, FSURF 
shall be entitled to participate through counsel of its own choosing in any 
legal action involving the invention and Patent Rights. Nothing in the 
foregoing Sections shall be construed in any way which would limit the 
authority of the Florida Attorney General. FSURF and Licensee agree to 
notify each other promptly of each infringement or possible infringement of 
Licensed Patents, as well as any facts which may affect the validity, scope 
or enforceability of the patent rights of which any party becomes aware.
 
Section 9 Term and Termination
 
9.1 The term of this license shall begin on the Effective Date of this 
Agreement and continue until the date that no Licensed Patent remains an 
enforceable patent, unless earlier terminated as provided herein.
 
9.2 Licensee may terminate this Agreement at any time by giving at least 
sixty (60) days written notice of such termination to FSURF. Such a notice 
shall be accompanied by a statement of the reasons for termination.
 
9.3 FSURF may terminate this Agreement by giving Licensee at least thirty 
(30) days written notice if Licensee:
 
      9.3.1 is delinquent on any report or payment;
       
      9.3.2 is not diligently developing and commercializing Licensed
      Product and Licensed Process;
       
      9.3.3 is in breach of any provision;
 
 
11
 
 
      9.3.4 provides any false report;
       
      9.3.5 goes into bankruptcy, liquidation or proposes having a receiver
      control any assets;
       
      9.3.6 violates any laws or regulations of applicable government
      entities;
       
      9.3.6 shall cease to carry on its business pertaining to Licensed
      Patents; or
       
      9.3.8 fails for more than two (2) calendar quarters to make payments
      of earned royalties under Section 4.2.
       
      Termination under this Section 9.3 will take effect thirty (30) days
      after written notice by FSURF unless Licensee remedies the problem in
      that 30-day period.
 
9.4 FSURF may immediately terminate this Agreement upon the occurrence of 
the second separate default by Licensee within any consecutive three-year 
period for failure to pay royalties, patent or any other expenses when due.
 
9.5 Upon the termination of this Agreement for any reason, nothing herein 
shall be construed to release either party from any obligation that matured 
prior to the effective date of such termination. Licensee shall remain 
obligated to provide an accounting for and to pay royalties earned to the 
date of termination, and any minimum royalties shall be prorated as of the 
date of termination by the number of days elapsed in the applicable 
calendar year. Licensee may, however, after the effective date of such 
termination, sell all Licensed Products, and complete Licensed Products in 
the process of manufacture at the time of such termination and sell the 
same, provided that Licensee shall remain obligated to provide an 
accounting for and to pay running royalties thereon.
 
9.6 Licensee shall be obligated to deliver to FSURF, within ninety (90) 
days of the date of termination of this agreement, complete and unredacted 
copies of all documentation prepared for or submitted for all regulatory 
approvals of Licensed Products or Licensed Processes.
 
Section 10 Assignability
 
This Agreement may not be transferred or assigned by Licensee except with 
the prior written consent of FSURF, which will not be unreasonably 
withheld. Licensee may, on written notice to FSURF and with FSURF’s 
consent, assign this Agreement to an acquirer of all or substantially all 
of Licensee's stock or assets, in which case assignee assumes all 
responsibilities under this license, however Licensee shall not be released 
of its obligations that matured prior to assignment.
 
 
12
 
 
Section 11 Dispute Resolution Procedures
 
11.1 Mandatory Procedures.
 
      In the event either party intends to file a lawsuit against the other
      with respect to any matter in connection with this Agreement,
      compliance with the procedures set forth in this Section shall be a
      condition precedent to the filing of such lawsuit, other than for
      injunctive relief. Either party may terminate this Agreement as
      provided in this Agreement without following the procedures set forth
      in this section.
 
      11.1.1 When a party intends to invoke the procedures set forth in
      this section, written notice shall be provided to the other party.
      Within thirty (30) days of the date of such notice, the parties agree
      that representatives designated by the parties shall meet at mutually
      agreeable times and engage in good faith negotiations at a mutually
      convenient location to resolve such dispute.
       
      11.1.2 If the parties fail to meet within the time period set forth
      in Section 11.1.1 above or if either party subsequently determines
      that negotiations between the representatives of the parties are at
      an impasse, the party declaring that the negotiations are at an
      impasse shall give notice to the other party stating with
      particularity the issues that remain in dispute.
       
      11.1.3 Not more than fifteen (15) days after the giving of such
      notice of issues, each party shall deliver to the other party a list
      of the names and addresses of at least three individuals, any one of
      whom would be acceptable as a neutral advisor in the dispute (the
      “Neutral Advisor”) to the party delivering the list. Any individual
      proposed as a Neutral Advisor shall have experience in determining,
      mediating, evaluating, or trying intellectual property litigation and
      shall not be affiliated with the party that is proposing such
      individual.
       
      11.1.4 Within ten (10) days after delivery of such lists, the parties
      shall agree on a Neutral Advisor. If they are unable to so agree
      within that time, within five (5) days, they shall each select one
      individual from the lists. Within five (5) days, the individuals so
      selected shall meet and appoint a third individual from the lists to
      serve as the Neutral Advisor. Within thirty (30) days after the
      selection of a Neutral Advisor:
 
 
(a) 	The parties shall each provide a written statement of the issues in 
dispute to the Neutral Advisor.
 
 
 
 
(b) 	The parties shall meet with the Neutral Advisor in Tallahassee, 
Florida on a date and time established by the Neutral Advisor. The meeting 
must be attended by persons authorized to make final decisions on behalf of 
each party with respect to the dispute. At the meeting, each party shall 
make a presentation with respect to its position concerning the dispute. 
The Neutral Advisor will then discuss the issues separately with each party 
and attempt to resolve all issues in the dispute. At the meeting, the 
parties will enter into a written settlement agreement with respect to all 
issues that are resolved. Such settlement agreement shall be final and 
binding with respect to such resolved issues and may not be the subject of 
any lawsuit between the parties, other than a suit for enforcement of the 
settlement agreement.
 
 
13
 
 
      11.1.5 The expenses of the Neutral Advisor shall be shared by the
      parties equally. All other out-of-pocket costs and expenses for the
      alternative dispute resolution procedure required under this Section
      shall be paid by the party incurring the same.
       
      11.1.6 Positions taken and statements made during this alternative
      dispute resolution procedure shall be deemed settlement negotiations
      and shall not be admissible for any purpose in any subsequent
      proceeding.
 
11.2 Failure to Resolve Dispute.
 
      If any issue is not resolved at the meeting with the Neutral Advisor,
      either party may file appropriate administrative or judicial
      proceedings with respect to the issue that remains in dispute. No new
      issues may be included in the lawsuit without the mandatory
      procedures set forth in this section having first been followed.
 
11.3 If Licensee or any of its Affiliates (i) brings a Patent Challenge 
against FSURF, or (ii) Licensee or any of its Affiliates assists another 
party in bringing a Patent Challenge against FSURF (except as required 
under a court order or subpoena), and (iii) FSURF does not choose to 
exercise its rights to terminate this Agreement pursuant to Section 9.3 
then, in the event that such a Patent Challenge is successful, Licensee 
will have no right to recoup any consideration, including royalties, paid 
during the period of challenge. In the event that a Patent Challenge is 
unsuccessful, Licensee shall reimburse FSURF for all reasonable legal fees 
and expenses incurred in its defense against the Patent Challenge.
 
Section 12 Product Liability; Conduct of Business
 
12.1 Licensee and its Sublicensee(s) shall, at all times during the term of 
this Agreement and thereafter, indemnify, defend and hold FSURF, the 
Florida Board of Governors, the Florida State University Board of Trustees, 
Florida State University, JHU, The Johns Hopkins Hospital, The Johns 
Hopkins Health System Corporation, U.S. Department of Health and Human 
Services, as represented by National Center for Advancing Translational 
Sciences (HHS) and each of their directors, officers, employees, and 
agents, and the inventors of the Licensed Patents “Indemnitees”, regardless 
of whether such inventors are employed by Florida State University, and/or 
HHS, and/or JHU at the time of the claim, harmless against all claims and 
expenses, including legal expenses and reasonable attorneys’ fees, whether 
arising from a third party claim or resulting from FSURF’s enforcing this 
indemnification clause against Licensee, arising out of the death of or 
injury to any person or persons or out of any damage to property and 
against any other claim, proceeding, demand, expense and liability of any 
kind whatsoever (other than patent infringement claims) resulting from the 
production, manufacture, sale, use, lease, consumption, marketing, or 
advertisement of Licensed Products or Licensed Process(es) or arising from 
any right or obligation of Licensee hereunder. Notwithstanding the above, 
FSURF at all times reserves the right to retain counsel of its own to 
defend FSURF, the Florida Board of Governors’, the Florida State University 
Board of Trustees, Florida State University, and the inventor’s interests.
 
12.2 Licensee warrants that it now maintains and will continue to maintain 
liability insurance coverage at a minimum level of [***] per claim until 
first commercial use, and at a minimum level of [***] per claim at and 
continuing after first initial human testing or first commercial sale and 
that such insurance coverage lists Indemnitees’ as additional insureds. 
Within ninety (90) days after the execution of this Agreement and 
thereafter annually between January 1 and January 31 of each year, Licensee 
will present evidence to FSURF that the coverage is being maintained with 
Indemnitees listed as additional insureds. In addition, Licensee shall 
provide FSURF with at least thirty (30) days prior written notice of any 
change in or cancellation of the insurance coverage.
 
 
14
 
 
Section 13 Use of Names
 
Licensee and its Sublicensee(s) shall not use the names of FSURF and joint 
owners (see Appendix A), or of Florida State University, nor of any of 
either institution's employees, agents, or affiliates, nor the name of any 
inventor of Licensed Patents, nor any adaptation of such names, in any 
promotional, advertising or marketing materials or any other similar form 
of publicity, or to suggest any endorsement by the such entities or 
individuals, without the prior written approval of FSURF in each case.
 
Section 14 Miscellaneous
 
14.1 This Agreement shall be construed in accordance with the internal laws 
of the State of Florida. Venue for any legal action shall be the state or 
federal courts in Leon County, Florida.
 
14.2 The parties hereto are independent contractors and not joint venturers 
or partners.
 
14.3 Licensee shall ensure that it applies patent markings that meet all 
requirements of U.S. law, 35 U.S.C. §287, with respect to all Licensed 
Products subject to this Agreement.
 
14.4 This Agreement constitutes the full understanding between the parties 
with reference to the subject matter hereof, and no statements or 
agreements by or between the parties, whether orally or in writing, shall 
vary or modify the written terms of this Agreement. This Agreement 
supercedes and replaces any and all previous agreements between the 
Parties. Neither party shall claim any amendment, modification, or release 
from any provisions of this Agreement by mutual agreement, acknowledgment, 
or otherwise, unless such mutual agreement is in writing, signed by the 
other party, and specifically states that it is an amendment to this 
Agreement. Failure of either party to require performance by the other of 
any provision herein shall in no way affect the rights of that party to 
enforce same. The waiver of either party of any breach shall never be 
construed to be a waiver of any succeeding breach or a waiver of the 
provision itself.
 
14.5 Licensee shall not encumber or otherwise grant a security interest in 
any of the rights granted hereunder to any third party.
 
14.6 Licensee acknowledges that it is subject to and agrees to abide by the 
United States laws and regulations (including the Export Administration Act 
of 1979 and Arms Export Contract Act) controlling the export of technical 
data, computer software, laboratory prototypes, biological material, and 
other commodities. The transfer of such items may require a license from 
the cognizant agency of the U.S. Government or written assurances by 
Licensee that it shall not export such items to certain foreign countries 
without prior approval of such agency. FSURF neither represents that a 
license is or is not required or that, if required, it shall be issued.
 
14.7 Licensee is responsible for any and all wire/bank fees associated with 
all payments due to FSURF pursuant to this agreement.
 
 
15
 
 
14.8 Survival.
 
      The provisions of this Section shall survive termination of this
      Agreement. Upon termination of the Agreement for any reason, the
      following sections of the License Agreement will remain in force as
      non-cancelable obligations:
 
· 	Section 6 Record Keeping
· 	Section 9 Requirement to pay royalties on sale of Licensed Products 
made, and in process, at time of License Agreement termination
· 	Section 12 Product Liability; Conduct of Business
· 	Section 13 Use of Names
· 	Section 18 Confidentiality
 
14.9 This Agreement is subject to the terms and conditions of Appendix A, 
the terms of which are incorporated herein, which is an agreement between 
the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services, Johns Hopkins University, 
and Florida State University Research Foundation regarding technology 
collaboratively developed and jointly owned.
 
Section 15 Notices
 
      Any notice required to be given pursuant to the provisions of this
      Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been given
 
· 	when delivered personally, or
· 	if sent by facsimile transmission, when receipt thereof is acknowledged 
at the facsimile number of the recipient as set forth below, or
· 	the second day following the day on which the notice has been delivered 
prepaid to a national air courier service, or
· 	five (5) business days following deposit in the U.S. mail if sent 
certified mail, (return receipt acknowledgement is not required to certify 
delivery).
  
15.1 If to Florida State University Research Foundation, Inc.:
 
 
 
President
Florida State University Research Foundation, Inc.
Attn: Gary K. Ostrander
2000 Levy Avenue, Suite 351
Tallahassee, FL 32310
Facsimile Number: (850) 644-3658
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
with a copy to:
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Office of Commercialization
 
FSU Office of Research Legal Counsel
Florida State University
 
3012 Westcott N. Annex
Attn: Executive Director
 
222 S. Copeland Street
95 Chieftan Way, 312 Dittmer Bldg.
 
Tallahassee, FL 32306-1330
Tallahassee, FL 32306-4391
 
850-645-0108 (facsimile)
 
 
16
 
 
15.2 If to Licensee:
 
 
 
President
Spotlight Innovation Inc.
Attn: Cris Grunewald
6750 Westown Pkwy, Ste. 200-226
West Des Moines, Iowa 50266
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Section 16 Contract Formation and Authority
 
      The submission of this Agreement does not constitute an offer, and
      this document shall become effective and binding only upon the
      execution by duly authorized representatives of both Licensee and
      FSURF. Copies of this Agreement that have not been executed and
      delivered by both FSURF and Licensee shall not serve as a memorandum
      or other writing evidencing an agreement between the parties. This
      Agreement shall automatically terminate and be of no further force
      and effect, without the requirement of any notice from FSURF to
      Licensee, if FSURF does not receive the License Issue Fee or
      certificates representing shares issued to FSURF pursuant to this
      Agreement, as applicable, within thirty (30) days of the Effective
      Date.
         
16.1 FSURF and Licensee hereby warrant and represent that the persons 
signing this Agreement have authority to execute this Agreement on behalf 
of the party for whom they have signed.
 
16.2 Force Majeure.
     
      No default, delay, or failure to perform on the part of Licensee or
      FSURF shall be considered a default, delay or failure to perform
      otherwise chargeable hereunder, if such default, delay or failure to
      perform is due to epidemics, war, embargoes, fire, earthquake,
      hurricane, flood, acts of God, or default of common carrier. In the
      event of such default, delay or failure to perform, any date or times
      by which either party is otherwise scheduled to perform shall be
      extended automatically for a period of time equal in duration to the
      time lost by reason of the excused default, delay or failure to
      perform.
             
Section 17 United States Government Interests
 
17.1 It is understood that the United States Government (through any of its 
agencies or otherwise) has funded research during the course of or under 
which any of the inventions of the Licensed Patents were conceived or made. 
The United States Government, as a co-owner of the Licensed Patents, is 
entitled, to certain rights, under the provisions of 35 U.S.C. §202-212 and 
applicable regulations of Title 37 of the Code of Federal Regulations. 
These include a non-exclusive, nontransferable, irrevocable, paid-up 
license to practice or have practiced the inventions of such Licensed 
Patents for governmental purposes. Any license granted to Licensee in this 
Agreement shall be subject to such right. FSURF shall have the right to 
share all Sublicensees’ confidential information with JHU and HHS for the 
purpose of compliance with the Inter-Institutional Agreement attached as 
Appendix A.
 
17.2 Licensee agrees that for Licensed Products covered by the Licensed 
Patents that are subject to the non-exclusive royalty-free license to the 
United States Government, said Licensed Products will be manufactured 
substantially in the United States. Licensee further agrees that it shall 
abide by all the requirements and limitations of U.S. Code, Title 35, 
Chapter 18, and implementing regulations thereof, for all patent 
applications and patents invented in whole or in part with federal money.
 
 
17
 
 
Section 18 Confidentiality
 
      Each Party shall maintain all information of the other Party which is
      treated by such other Party as proprietary or confidential and
      appropriately marked “proprietary” or “confidential” (referred to
      herein as “Confidential Information”) in confidence, and shall not
      disclose, divulge or otherwise communicate such confidential
      information to others, or use it for any purpose, except pursuant to,
      and in order to carry out, the terms and objectives of this
      Agreement, and each party hereby agrees to exercise every reasonable
      precaution to prevent and restrain the unauthorized disclosure of
      such confidential information by any of its Affiliates, directors,
      officers, employees, consultants, subcontractors, Sublicensees or
      agents. The parties agree to keep the terms of this Agreement
      confidential, provided that each party may disclose this Agreement to
      their authorized agents and investors who are bound by similar
      confidentiality provisions. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
      Confidential Information of a party shall not include information
      which: (a) was lawfully known by the receiving party prior to
      disclosure of such information by the disclosing party to the
      receiving party; (b) was or becomes generally available in the public
      domain, without the fault of the receiving party; (c) is subsequently
      disclosed to the receiving party by a third party having a lawful
      right to make such disclosure; (d) is required by law, rule,
      regulation or legal process to be disclosed, provided that the
      receiving party making such disclosure shall take all reasonable
      steps to restrict and maintain to the extent possible confidentiality
      of such disclosure and shall provide reasonable notice to the other
      party to allow such party the opportunity to oppose the required
      disclosure; or (e) has been independently developed by employees or
      others on behalf of the receiving party without access to or use of
      disclosing party’s information as demonstrated by written record.
      Each party’s obligations under this Section 18 shall extend for a
      period of five (5) years from termination or expiration of this
      Agreement.
 
Section 19 University Rules and Regulations
 
      Licensee understands and agrees that Florida State University
      personnel who are engaged by Licensee, whether as consultants,
      employees or otherwise, or who possess a material financial interest
      in Licensee, are subject to the Florida State University’s policies
      regarding outside activities and financial interests and, Florida
      State University’s Intellectual Property Policy, and a monitoring
      plan which addresses conflicts of interests associated therewith as
      required by Chapter 112, Florida Statutes. Any term or condition of
      an agreement between Licensee and such Florida State University
      personnel which seeks to vary or override such personnel’s
      obligations to Florida State University may not be enforced against
      such personnel, Florida State University or FSURF, without the
      express written consent of an individual authorized to vary or waive
      such obligations on behalf of Florida State University and FSURF.
      Furthermore, should an interest of Licensee conflict with the
      interest of Florida State University, Florida State University
      personnel are obligated to resolve such conflicts according to the
      guidelines and policies set forth by Florida State University.
 
 
18
 
 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have duly executed this Agreement on 
the dates indicated below.
 
FLORIDA STATE UNIVERSITY RESEARCH FOUNDATION, INC.
 
______________________________________ Date: ____________, 2016
Gary K. Ostrander
President, Florida State University Research Foundation
 
LICENSEE
 
By: ___________________________________ Date: ____________, 2016
 
Name and Office: ______________________________________________
 
 
19
 
 
Appendix A - Inter-institutional Agreement
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
20
 
 
Appendix B - Development Plan
 
The starting point for the Development Plan will be the group of compounds 
previously identified by Prof. Hengli Tang and collaborators and described 
in Provisional Patent Application [***]. Novel compounds (prodrugs or other 
derivatives) will be synthesized with the aim of optimizing characteristics 
such as oral bioavailability, CNS penetration, pharmacodynamic (PD) and 
pharmacokinetic (PK) properties, and safety. The ultimate goals of the 
Development Program are to complete preclinical and clinical testing of one 
or more lead drug candidates, prepare and file a New Drug Application, 
obtain marketing approval, and commence product manufacturing and sales.
 
 
A. 	Development activities to be undertaken
 
 
 
 
 
(Please break activities into subunits)
 
 
1. 	Testing of lead compounds in small animal and human brain organoid 
model for ZIKV inhibition. We will test the efficacy of lead compounds in 
both IFNAR-/- mice and C57BL/6 mice. Multiple assays, including body weight 
loss, lethality, and viral load in blood and tissues, will be used to 
determine if a compound is effective against ZIKV infection. We will also 
use the human brain organoid system as a complementary model to avoid 
pitfalls of species-specific differences and safeguard the success of our 
project.
 
 
 
 
2. 	Determination of mechanism of action (this project is concurrent with 
other activities and not part of a sequence of activities). We will use a 
combined approach of biochemistry, molecular biology, and virology to 
identify the compound target and dissect its mechanism of action (MOA). We 
will label the compound and identify its binding partner in cells and in 
vitro; we will map any drug resistant mutations in cell culture and 
determine the specific steps of the virus life cycle to which the compound 
targets.
 
 
 
 
3. 	Optimization of lead compounds in each class. For both classes of 
compounds, we will perform iterative rounds of analog synthesis and 
testing, typically on a biweekly or monthly schedule. The chemistry team 
will design and synthesize compounds; the biology team will test the 
compounds in assays; and the Drug Metabolism and Pharmacokinetics (DMPK) 
team will evaluate compound physical properties. During lead optimization, 
it is necessary to address ADME and toxicological liabilities and to 
improve the lead compound’s DMPK properties. The goal lead optimization is 
to identify an advanced lead candidate with drug-like properties, efficacy 
in animal models, and low toxicity.
 
 
 
 
4. 	Advanced safety testing for lead candidates. Once advanced lead 
candidates are identified, we will begin to build a safety package for the 
compound. This in general will consist of non-GLP toxicology studies in a 
rodent and a non-rodent species. Upon successful completion of the 
exploratory toxicology studies, we will manufacture sufficient amounts of 
application program interface (API) under GMP conditions to support GLP 
toxicology studies in two species under GLP conditions, including GLP 
genotoxicity and safety pharmacology studies under GLP conditions. The 
results from these studies will form the body of the regulatory filing to 
open an IND with the FDA.
 
 
B. 	Estimated total development time
 
 
 
II. 	Governmental Approval
 
 
 
 
A. 	Types of submissions required
 
 
 
 
B. 	Government agency, e.g., FDA, EPA, etc.
 
 
 
III.
    Proposed Market Approach (this may include/involve an exit strategy)
 
 
21
 
 
Appendix C - Development Report
 
When appropriate, indicate estimated start date and finish date for 
activities.
 
I.
Date Development Plan Initiated and Time Period Covered by this Report.
 
 
 
II.
Development Report.
 
 
 
 
A. 	Activities completed since last report including the object and 
parameters of the development, when initiated, when completed and the 
results.
 
 
 
 
B. 	Activities currently under investigation, i.e., ongoing activities 
including object and parameters of such activities, when initiated, and 
projected date of completion.
 
 
 
III.
Future Development Activities.
 
 
A. 	Activities to be undertaken before next report including, but not 
limited to, the type and object of any studies conducted and their 
projected starting and completion dates.
 
 
 
 
B. 	Estimated total development time remaining before a product will be 
commercialized.
 
 
 
IV.
Changes to Initial Development Plan.
 
 
 
 
A. 	Reasons for change.
 
 
 
 
B. 	Variables that may cause additional changes.
 
 
 
V.
Items to be Provided if Applicable:
 
 
 
 
A. 	Information relating to Licensed Products or Licensed Processes that 
has become publicly available, e.g., published articles, competing 
products, patents, etc.
 
 
 
 
B. 	Development work being performed by third parties, other than Licensee, 
to include name of third party, reasons for use of third party, planned 
future uses of third parties including reasons why and type of work.
 
 
 
 
C. 	Update of competitive information trends in industry, government 
compliance (if applicable) and market plan.
 
 
 
 
D. 	Information and copies of relevant materials evidencing the status of 
any patent applications or other protection relating to Licensed Products, 
or Licensed Processes or the Licensed Patents.
 
PLEASE SEND DEVELOPMENT REPORTS TO:
 
 
      with a copy to:
 
President
Office of Commercialization
Florida State University Research Foundation, Inc.
Florida State University
Attn: Gary K. Ostrander
Attn: Executive Director
2000 Levy Avenue, Suite 351
95 Chieftan Way, 312 Dittmer Bldg.
Tallahassee, FL 32310
Tallahassee, FL 32306-4391
Facsimile Number: (850) 644-3658
Facsimile Number: (850) 644-3675
 
 
22
 
 
Appendix D - FSURF Royalty Report
 
Licensee:  __________________________________
Agreement No.:_______________________
 
Inventor: ___________________________________
P#:  P                                                                      
 
 
Period Covered:   From: ____/___ /2_____          Through: ____/____ /2___
Prepared By:________________________________
Date: ______________________________
 
Approved By:________________________________
Date: ______________________________
 
If license covers several major product lines, please prepare a separate 
report
for each line. Then combine all product lines into a summary report.
 
Report Type:
¨ Single Product Line 
Report:________________________________________________________
 
¨ Multiproduct Summary Report. Page 1 of ______ Pages
 
¨ Product Line Detail. Line: __________________ Tradename: ________________ 
Page: __________
Report Currency:
¨ U. S. Dollars                          ¨ Other 
__________________________________
 
 
Unit
 
Gross
 
* Less:
 
Net
 
Royalty
 
Period Royalty Amount
Country
Sales
$$ Sales
Allowances
$$ Sales
Rate
This Year
Last Year
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
U.S.A.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Canada
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Europe:
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Japan
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Other:
TOTAL:
 
Total Royalty: _______________ Conversion Rate: ____________ Royalty in 
U.S. Dollars: $                                                
 
The following royalty forecast is non-binding and for FSURF’s internal 
planning purposes only:
 
Royalty Forecast Under This Agreement: Next Quarter:__________ 
Q2:__________ Q3:__________ Q4:__________
 
 
* On a separate page, please indicate the reasons for returns or other 
adjustments if significant.
Also note any unusual occurrences that affected royalty amounts during this 
period.
To assist FSURF's forecasting, please comment on any significant expected 
trends in sales volume.
 
 
23
 
 
Appendix E – Due Diligence
 
Due Diligence Activity
Completion Date
Synthesis of novel analog(s) of parent compound(s) to create a First Lead 
Compound (“FLC”)
[***]
ZIKV inhibition testing of FLC in mice
[***]
ZIKV inhibition testing of FLC in human brain organoid system
[***]
GMP Manufacturing of FLC (small scale)
[***]
Non-GLP toxicology testing in rodents and non-rodents
[***]
Pre-IND meeting with FDA
[***]
Identification of packaging, labeling and compatibility testing
[***]
GLP toxicology testing of FLC in rodents and non-rodents
[***]
Submission of IND
[***]
Initiation of Phase 1 clinical trial
[***]
ADME, PK, GLP testing of FLC
[***]
Initiation of Phase 2 clinical trial
[***]
CMC development (product characterization, purity, potency, qualification, 
validation of analytical methods and processes, bioequivalence and 
bioavailability)
[***]
End of Phase 2 meeting with FDA
[***]
Two-year stability testing
[***]
Initiation of Phase 3 clinical trial
[***]
Pre-NDA meeting with FDA
[***]
Submission of NDA
[***]
Sale of first FDA-approved drug
[***]
 
 
 
24
 
 