 EX-10.6 3 s105258_ex10-6.htm EXHIBIT 10-6
 
Exhibit 10.6
 
Execution Copy
 
SHUTTLE PHARMACEUTICALS, LLC AND POLA PHARMA INC.
 
EXCLUSIVE OPTION AGREEMENT
      
This Agreement, executed on this 4 th day of July   , 2016 (“Effective 
Date”), by and between, POLA PHARMA INC., a pharmaceutical company 
organized and existing under the laws of Japan, with its principal office 
located in 8-9-5 Nishigotanda Shinagawa-ku, Tokyo 141-0031, JAPAN, 
(hereinafter referred to as “POLA”) and Shuttle Pharmaceuticals, LLC, a 
Maryland (USA) limited liability company having its principal place of 
business located at One Research Court, Ste. 450, Rockville, Maryland 20850 
(“OPTIONEE”), defines the terms of the confidential relationship between 
the aforementioned parties (hereafter referred to as the “Parties” 
collectively or “Party” individually).
 
Recitals
 
POLA is the owner of certain Patent Rights (as later defined herein) 
relating to the technology entitled “Doranidazole” which was invented in 
POLA laboratories and POLA has the right to grant an option under said 
Patent Rights.
 
POLA desires to have the Patent Rights developed and commercialized to 
benefit the public and is willing to grant an option hereunder.
 
OPTIONEE wishes to obtain an exclusive Option to negotiate and acquire an 
exclusive license from POLA to Patent Rights to manufacture, use, sell and 
distribute products derived therefrom and POLA is willing to grant to 
OPTIONEE such an Option in accordance with the provisions of this 
Agreement.
 
NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and the mutual promises 
and covenants hereinafter set forth, the Parties hereby agree as follows:
 
Article 1
 
1. 	Effective Date and Option Period
 
1.1 	This Agreement shall begin on the Effective Date and continue for a 
period of twelve (12) months (the “Option Period”) unless the Option is 
exercised, in which case this Agreement will terminate at the end of the 
stipulated negotiation period or upon execution of a license agreement, 
whichever occurs first. The effective Option Period may be extended to 
eighteen (18) months by mutual written consent of the Parties unless 
otherwise mutually agreed by the Parties.
 

  	1 	 

 

 
Execution Copy
 
Article 2
 
2. 	Definitions
     
2.1 	“Exclusive Option” means an Option under which certain rights are 
granted to OPTIONEE under this Agreement.
     
2.2 	“Confidential Information” shall refer to non-public information of 
any kind which is disclosed by the disclosing Party to the other Party for 
purposes within the scope of Patent Rights and commercialization of 
Invention/Patent Rights and/or this Agreement which is either (i) by 
appropriate marking identified as confidential and proprietary at the time 
of disclosure; (ii) if disclosed orally, is identified in writing within 
thirty (30) days as being confidential; or (iii) is of such a nature that a 
reasonable person familiar with the Invention/Patent Rights or the 
Agreement would consider it to be confidential or proprietary from the 
context or circumstances of disclosure.
     
2.3 	“Invention” means invention known as Doranidazole made by POLA 
employees
     
2.4 	“Option” has the meaning set forth in Section 3.1.
     
2.5 	“Option Field” means the use of Patent Rights for medical uses in 
humans
     
2.6 	“Option Period” shall mean the period as defined in Section 1.1
     
2.7 	“Option Territory” means the U.S.A.
     
2.8 	“Option Products” shall refer to and mean any and all tangible 
products and processes that are composed of, incorporate, employ, or are in 
any way produced by the practice of, the Inventions and/or Patent Rights, 
or which the manufacture, use, or sale of would constitute infringement of 
any Patent Rights in the Inventions.
     
2.9 	“Patent Rights” means any U.S. or foreign patent applications or 
patents listed in Exhibit A, or the equivalent of such applications 
including any substitutions, divisionals, continuations, 
continuations-in-part, reissues, renewals, registrations, confirmations, 
re-examinations, extensions, supplementary protection certificates and the 
like, and any provisional applications, of any such patents or patent 
applications, and the Invention described and claimed therein.
     
2.10 	“Term” shall mean the period as defined in Section 5.1
 

  	2 	 

 

 
Execution Copy
 
Article 3
 
3. 	Option for an Exclusive License
 
3.1 	POLA, grants to OPTIONEE the Exclusive Option, with POLA, to obtain an 
exclusive license to the Patent Rights within the Option Field and the 
Option Territory for the duration of the Option Period (the “Option”).
    
3.2 	In consideration of the Exclusive Option licensed from POLA, OPTIONEE 
shall grant a royalty free, fully paid up, perpetual non-exclusive license 
to use any and all, including but not limited to , data, results, 
information and know how generated through any activities by OPTIONEE 
during the Option Period, for licensing, development or commercializing 
purpose of Doranidazole in accordance with Section 4.6 of this Agreement.
    
3.3 	POLA shall have the right to market and offer, license, assign or 
transfer the Patent Rights in the Option Field to any third party out of 
the Option Territory.
    
3.4 	Subject to Section 3.1, in order to exercise the Option, OPTIONEE 
must, no less than thirty (30) days prior to the end of Option Period, 
notify POLA in writing that it is exercising its rights and that it has 
satisfied the following: a) completion of feasibility studies set forth in 
Section 4.5 for clinical development and commercialization of Doranidazole 
in the United States; b) raised sufficient funding for research and 
development plans for the Option Products, proposed product offerings, 
marketing plans and sales projections, financing and expense projections, 
management team and future staffing plans and other business and technical 
information normally contained in such a document.
    
3.5 	Upon exercise of the Option, the Parties shall execute within a 
reasonable period not to exceed thirty (30) days an exclusive license 
agreement (“License Agreement”), a draft copy for discussion purpose of 
which is appended as Exhibit B, granting OPTIONEE exclusive rights to make, 
have made, use, import, export, offer to sell and sell Option Products in 
the Option Field in the Option Territory. The Parties shall make best 
reasonable efforts to execute the License Agreement through the good faith 
discussions based on the foregoing draft on Exhibit B within such period. 
Such License Agreement shall include but not limited to the following 
provisions: license fees; royalty payments; fund-raising/financing 
milestones; diligence and milestone requirements, including performance 
benchmarks; the right to grant sublicenses; a commitment by OPTIONEE and 
any sublicensee to exert their best commercial efforts to rapidly introduce 
the licensed products into public use.
 
3.6 	OPTIONEE understands that if the U.S. Government sponsors any 
development of the Patent Rights then it shall have certain rights relative 
thereto. This Option Agreement is explicitly made subject to the 
Government’s rights under the applicable U.S. Government agreements, 
applicable law and regulation. In the event of any inconsistency between 
the terms of this Agreement and the terms of such Government agreement, 
applicable law or regulation, the Government agreement, applicable law or 
regulation will prevail.
 

  	3 	 

 

 
Execution Copy
 
Article 4
 
4. 	Evaluation Procedure and Patent Expenses
     
4.1 	POLA hereby grants OPTIONEE a royalty free, internal use license 
during the Option Period to practice the Patent Rights, such as through a 
government sponsored research grant award or feasibility studies agreed by 
both Parties and set forth in Section 4.5, solely for the purpose of 
OPTIONEE’S internal evaluation of the Patent Rights in furtherance of this 
Agreement.
     
4.2 	OPTIONEE shall have the right to evaluate Patent Rights and their 
market potential and submit a grant and other funding applications for the 
commercialization of the Inventions and the Patent Rights.
     
4.3 	Upon execution of this Agreement, POLA shall provide OPTIONEE with the 
available English translations of Investigator’s Brochure and CMC Part of 
CTD Module 2 of Doranidazole set forth in the Exhibit C for the evaluation 
by OPTIONEE during the Option Period as the Confidential Information in 
accordance with Article 6 below. For the avoidance of any doubt, the said 
translations shall be provided on “as is” basis and any additional 
translation necessary for OPTIONEE’S evaluation shall be done by OPTIONEE 
at its cost.
     
4.4 	In case OPTIONEE needs the active pharmaceutical ingredient of 
Doranidazole (“API”) for their evaluation, OPTIONEE may purchase API from 
POLA at US$20,000/kg on “as is” basis up to 10kg.
     
4.5 	During the Option Period, OPTIONEE shall make good faith efforts to 
evaluate the potential for developing the Inventions into commercial 
products in the Option Field including but not limited to pre-IND meeting 
with the FDA followed by conducting studies in case required by FDA for IND 
and the fund-raising activities (“Option Period Activities”). OPTIONEE 
shall provide to POLA a final copy of any grant applications at the time of 
its submission to any granting organization. OPTIONEE shall provide to POLA 
a written report of Option Period Activities on or before OPTIONEE 
exercises/does not exercise the Option precisely describing the results of 
the evaluations, including but not limited to, pre-IND meeting minutes, a 
summary of the fund-raising activities for the Invention, and descriptions 
of relevant business, legal, scientific, technical, research and 
development activities for an Option Product, and relevant analytical data 
developed, produced, created, or acquired by OPTIONEE as a result of due 
diligence on Inventions and Patent Rights in the Option Field (“Option 
Evaluation Report”).
 

  	4 	 

 

 
Execution Copy
 
4.6 	The Option Evaluation Report shall remain the sole and exclusive 
property of OPTIONEE and be disclosed to POLA for informational purposes 
only during the Option Period, subject to the rest of this Article 4 and 
Section 3.2. POLA and OPTIONEE shall treat all such information as 
Confidential Information in accordance with Article 6 below. In the event 
OPTIONEE exercises the Option and executes a license for the Patent Rights 
in the Option Territory, POLA shall have a right to use this property 
without any fees out of the Option Territory after the Option Period on 
prior written notice to OPTIONEE. In the event this Agreement is terminated 
as set forth in Sections 5.2, 5.3, 5.4 or 5.5, the Option Evaluation Report 
shall remain the sole and exclusive property of OPTIONEE, provided that 
POLA shall have a right to use this property to a third party upon POLA’s 
prior written notice to OPTIONEE without any fees in or out of the Option 
Territory. POLA shall be permitted to retain a single copy of the Option 
Evaluation Report for its files, which shall be maintained in accordance 
with Articles 4 and 6.
    
4.7 	POLA shall be responsible for the preparation, filing, prosecution and 
maintenance of any and all patent applications and patents included in 
Patent Rights. POLA shall consult with OPTIONEE as to the preparation, 
filing, prosecution, and maintenance of all Patent Rights reasonably prior 
to any deadline or action and shall provide OPTIONEE with drafts of any 
material filings in a reasonable amount of time in advance of the 
anticipated filing date and shall consider in good faith any comments of 
OPTIONEE on such patent filings for the Patent Rights
 
Article 5
 
5. 	Term and Termination
    
5.1 	This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date. Unless sooner 
terminated in accordance with this Article 5, this Agreement shall expire 
upon the latest to occur of:
    (a) end of the Option Period; or
    (b) upon execution of a license agreement.
    
5.2 	In the event OPTIONEE does not exercise the Option or Parties cannot 
reach the agreement of terms and conditions of License Agreement, this 
Agreement shall be terminated immediately.
    
5.3 	OPTIONEE may terminate this Agreement by giving thirty (30) days 
written notice to POLA.
    
5.4 	POLA may terminate this Agreement upon thirty (30) days written notice 
to OPTIONEE if OPTIONEE breaches its obligations including but not limited 
to not fully conducting the Option Period Activities as planned or defaults 
on its payment obligations under this Agreement.
     
5.5 	The Parties may mutually agree in writing to terminate the Agreement.
 

  	5 	 

 

 
Execution Copy
 
5.6 	Sections 3.2, 4.6, 6.1, 7.4, 7.5 and any other clauses of this 
Agreement which by nature would be required to remain in effect shall 
survive termination.
     
Article 6
 
6. 	Confidentiality
     
6.1 	The Parties agree to keep any Confidential Information related to this 
Agreement, including without limitation, OPTIONEE’S business plan, the 
Option Evaluation Report, the Patent Rights and all information concerning 
it and any other information or discussion between the Parties, 
confidential.
 
Article 7
 
7. 	Miscellaneous Provisions
 
7.1 	This Agreement shall be construed and the rights of the Parties 
determined in accordance with the laws of the state of Maryland, USA 
without regard to choice of law provisions.
 
7.2 	No use of the name of POLA in any form of promotion or in connection 
with the sale of products, processes, devices, or designs is permitted 
without prior written approval from POLA. No Party will issue any news 
release, public announcement, advertisement, or any form of publicity 
concerning this Agreement and the Option Evaluation Report, without 
obtaining the prior written consent from the other Party, which consent 
shall not be withheld unreasonably.
     
7.3 	All notices required or permitted to be given under this Agreement 
shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been sufficiently given for 
all purposes thereof when mailed by certified mail to the Party to be 
notified. All notices shall be deemed to have been given when mailed as 
evidenced by the postmark at the point of mailing.
     
    All notices and any correspondence respecting this Agreement shall be
    addressed as follows:
 
If to POLA:
         By Postal Service:
               Ataru Kobayashi, Director
               Business Development and R&D
               POLA PHARMA INC.
               8-9-5 Nishigotanda Shinagawa-ku,
               Tokyo 141-0031, JAPAN
 
If to OPTIONEE:
 

  	6 	 

 

 
Execution Copy
 
       By United States Postal Service:
               Anatoly Dritschilo, MD, CEO
               Shuttle Pharmaceuticals, LLC
               One Research Court, Suite 450
               Rockville, MD 20850
    
7.4 	This Agreement constitutes the entire and only agreement between the 
Parties relating to an option to acquire a license, and all prior 
negotiations, representations, agreements and understandings are superseded 
hereby. No agreements altering or supplementing the terms hereof may be 
made except by written mutual agreement by the Parties.
     
7.5 	The relationship between POLA and OPTIONEE is that of independent 
contractors. POLA and OPTIONEE are not joint ventures, partners, principal 
and agent, master and servant, employer or employee, and have no other 
relationship other than independent contracting parties. POLA will have no 
power to bind or obligate OPTIONEE in any manner, other than as is 
expressly set forth in this Agreement. Likewise OPTIONEE will have no power 
to bind or obligate POLA in any manner, other than as is expressly set 
forth in this Agreement.
    
7.6 	If any provision of this Agreement is ultimately held to be invalid, 
illegal or unenforceable, the validity, legality and enforceability of the 
remaining provisions will not in any way be affected or impaired thereby.
    
7.6.1 	Any delay in enforcing a Party’s right under this Agreement or any 
waiver as to a particular default or other matter will not constitute a 
waiver of such Party’s rights to the future enforcement of its rights under 
this Agreement, except only as to an express written and signed waiver to a 
specific matter for a specific period of time.
    
7.6.2 	This Agreement may be executed by the Parties in counterparts, each 
of which when so executed shall be deemed to be an original, but all of 
which shall constitute one and the same agreement.
    
7.6.3 	UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES WILL ANY PARTY HERETO BE LIABLE TO ANY OTHER 
PARTY FOR INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, EXEMPLARY OR SPECIAL 
DAMAGES, OR FOR ANY DAMAGES FOR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION THAT MAY ARISE OUT OF 
THIS AGREEMENT OR USE OF THE PATENT RIGHTS, WHETHER OR NOT FORESEEABLE AND 
WHETHER OR NOT A PARTY NOTIFIED ANY OTHER PARTY OF THE LIKELIHOOD OR 
POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
    
   THE REST OF THIS PAGE IS LEFT BLANK INTENTIONALLY.
   SEE NEXT PAGE FOR SIGNATURES.
 

  	7 	 

 

 
Execution Copy
 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties hereto have caused this instrument to be 
signed in duplicate by their duly authorized officers.
 
POLA PHARMA, INC. 	  	SHUTTLE PHARMACEUTICALS, LLC
  	  	 
/s/ Ataru Kobayashi 	  	/s/ Anatoly Dritschilo
Ataru Kobayashi, Director 	  	Anatoly Dritschilo, MD
Business Development and R&D 	  	CEO
  	  	 
July 7, 2016 	  	7/7/2016
Date 	  	Date
 

  	8 	 

 
 
Execution Copy
 
Exhibit A
PATENT RIGHTS
  
Doranidazole, Hypoxic Sensitizer Technologies
  
“Pharmaceutical composition”
 
Application No. 	  	Publication No. 	  	Patent No.
12/598044 (2008/4/16) 	  	2010-0130576 	  	8258165
13/365785(div) 	  	2012-0136160 	  	8202898
13/365723(div) 	  	2012-0136295 	  	8258166
 
“Pharmaceutical composition”
 
Application No. 	  	Publication No. 	  	Patent No.
12/523067 (2008/1/17) 	  	2010-0076042 	  	8541459
13/362527(div) 	  	2012-0129905 	  	8450356
13/362545(div) 	  	2012-0130148 	  	8420687
 
“METHOD FOR PRODUCING 2-NITROIMIDAZOLE DERIVATIVE” (Method of 
Manufacturing)
 
Application No. 	  	Publication No. 	  	Patent No.
12/522926 (2008/1/17) 	  	2010-0004460 	  	8030338
 
1. A method for producing 
1-(1-benzoyloxymethyl-2-hydroxyethyl)oxymethy1-2-nitroimidazole, 
comprising: (A) reacting glycerin with a benzoylating agent to obtain 
1-O-benzoylglycerin; (B) reacting 1-O-benzoylglycerin with dimethoxymethane 
in the presence of a dehydrating agent to obtain 
4-benzoyloxymethyl-1,3-dioxolane; and then (C) reacting 4 
benzoyloxymethyl-1,3-dioxolane with 2-nitroimidazole or 
2-nitro-1-trialkylsilylimidazole in the presence of a Lewis acid, to obtain 
1-(1-benzoyloxymethyl-2-hydroxyethyl)oxymethyl-2-nitroimidazole.
 
4. A method for producing 
l-(1-hydroxymethyl-2-fluoro)ethoxymethyl-2-nitroimidazole, comprising: (D) 
subjecting the 
l-(l-benzoyloxymethyl-2-hydroxyethyl)oxymethyl-2-nitroimidazole obtained by 
the method according to any one of claims 1 to 3, to substituted 
sulfonylation, fluorination, and then debenzoylation.
 

  	  	 

 

 
Exhibit B
 
Draft EXCLUSIVE LICENSE AGREEMENT
 
(To be negotiated)
 

  	  	 