 EX-10.2 3 myovantex102q32016.htm EXHIBIT 10.2




Exhibit 10.2


EXECUTION COPY


SERVICES AGREEMENT


This Services Agreement (the “Agreement”) is entered into effective as of 
November 11, 2016 (the “Effective Date”), by and between Roivant Sciences 
GmbH, a company with limited liability organized under the laws of the 
country of Switzerland (“Service Provider”) and Myovant Sciences GmbH, a 
company with limited liability organized under the laws of the country of 
Switzerland (“Service Recipient”).


RECITALS


WHEREAS, Service Recipient is a biotechnology company focused on acquiring, 
developing and commercializing late-stage endocrinology drug candidates, 
including non-strategic endocrinology assets from large pharmaceutical 
companies, distressed endocrinology drug candidates from small biotech 
companies, endocrinology drugs or novel approaches from universities, and 
high-risk endocrinology projects abandoned by conventional 
biopharmaceutical firms;


WHEREAS, Service Provider is capable of providing preparatory services in 
relation to the identification of potential endocrinology drug asset 
candidates, managing the performance of clinical trials or other research 
and development activities, performing or evaluating scientific and 
statistical analyses, and various administrative matters; and


WHEREAS, Service Recipient desires to engage the services of Service 
Provider, and the Service Provider is willing to provide such services in 
consideration for a fee.


NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants, rights and 
obligations set forth herein and other good and valuable consideration, the 
receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties 
hereto agree as follows:


1.
DEFINITIONS
1.1
Affiliate. “Affiliate” shall mean any Person, whether de jure or de facto, 
other than a Party, that directly or indirectly owns, is owned by or is 
under common ownership with a Party to the extent of at least 50 percent of 
the equity having the power to vote on or direct the affairs of the entity, 
and any Person actually controlled by, controlling, or under common control 
with a Party.

------------------------------------------------------------------------




1.2
Costs. “Costs” shall mean the fully-burdened cost incurred by the Service 
Provider and its Affiliates during any applicable month to provide the 
Services.  For purposes of this definition, the fully-burdened cost 
includes without limitation: (i) the costs of any materials used in 
providing the Services; (ii) the salary, benefits (if any) (including 
without limitation, medical plans and 401(k) or other retirement plans), 
and employment taxes (if any) of all the Service Provider’s employees 
involved in providing such services (excluding, however, any compensation 
that is provided to an employee or independent contractor in the form of 
equity instruments, options to acquire stock (stock options), rights with 
respect to (or determined by reference to) equity instruments or stock 
options, or any non-cash compensation provided by a third party to an 
employee or independent contractor); (iii) related overhead expenses 
(including, without limitation, cost of facilities and utilities costs, 
insurance, and the cost of all general support, operational and business 
services); (iv) any and all licensing fees paid or payable to Third Parties 
for any intellectual property incorporated into such services; and (v) any 
depreciation, amortization or other cost recovery for financial accounting 
purposes related to assets of the Service Provider to the extent such 
assets are used in providing the Services; provided, however, that the 
fully-burdened cost shall not include costs incurred by the Service 
Provider to engage a Third Party for the purpose of providing Services 
pursuant to Section 3.4 of the Agreement.
1.3
Marks. “Marks” shall mean and include trademarks, service marks, trade 
names, domain names, trade dress, logos, and similar designations, whether 
registered or unregistered, and all applications and registrations 
therefor.
1.4
Party. “Party” shall mean Service Provider or Service Recipient, and 
“Parties” shall mean Service Provider and Service Recipient collectively.
1.5
Person. “Person” shall mean and include any individual, corporation, trust, 
estate, partnership, joint venture, company, association, governmental 
bureau or agency, or any other entity regardless of the type or nature 
thereof.
1.6
Third Party. “Third Party” shall mean any entity other than a Party or an 
Affiliate.
1.7
Works. “Works” shall mean any work product, technical knowledge, creations, 
know-how, formulations, recipes, specifications, rights, devices, drawings, 
instructions, expertise, trade practices, customer lists, computer data, 
source codes, analytical and quality control data, Marks, copyrights, 
commercial information, inventions, works of authorship, designs, methods, 
processes, technology, patterns, techniques, data, , patents, trade 
secrets, copyrights, related contracts, licenses and agreements and the 
like, and all other intellectual property created, authored, composed, 
invented, discovered, performed, perfected, provided, acquired or learned 
by the Service Provider, whether solely or jointly with others, whether 
patented, patentable or not, whether in written form or otherwise, whether 
disclosed to Service Provider by either Service Recipient or otherwise, in 
performing its obligations under this Agreement, in each case, that (i) 
relates to intellectual property or potential intellectual property 
originating from research and development of Service Recipient or its 
affiliate’s drug products or portfolio candidates, and (ii) arises out of 
services provided directly or indirectly (e.g., through an employee, 
consultant clinical research organization, other vendor or other Third 
Party engaged by the Service Provider) in connection with such research and 
development.

------------------------------------------------------------------------




1.8
Year. “Year” shall mean the 12-month period ending on March 31.
2.
ENGAGEMENT.
      Subject to the terms of this Agreement, the Service Recipient hereby
      engages the Service Provider to perform the services set forth on
      Exhibit A attached hereto (the “Services”). Any additional services
      requested by the Service Recipient that are not included within the
      Services shall, if mutually agreed upon by the Parties, each in its
      sole discretion, be negotiated and included in this Agreement through
      amendments to Exhibit A hereto. The scope of the Service Provider’s
      authority shall be specifically limited to those activities outlined
      in this Agreement.


3.
RELATIONSHIP OF THE PARTIES.
3.1
The Parties are each independent contractors and not joint venturers, 
partners, agents, or representatives of the other. The Service Provider 
shall perform the Services for the Service Recipient under this Agreement 
as an independent contractor and neither the Service Provider nor its 
employees, subcontractors or agents shall be deemed to be agents, servants 
or employees of the Service Recipient, nor shall the Service Provider and 
the Service Recipient be deemed or construed solely by this Agreement to be 
partners or joint venturers. The Service Provider shall have exclusive 
control over the direction and conduct of its employees in carrying out the 
activities required under this Agreement.
3.2
Neither the Service Provider nor its employees, subcontractors or agents 
shall have the authority to (i) negotiate the terms of or execute contracts 
and agreements of the Service Recipient (including letters of intent, even 
if non-binding), provided the Service Provider may suggest incorporating 
certain non-core agreement terms within the parameters and guidelines 
provided by Service Recipient; (ii) hire personnel for the Service 
Recipient; (iii) exercise binding authority with respect to the operations 
of the Service Recipient; (iv) make binding recommendations to the Service 
Recipient; (v) make decisions or have decision-making rights with respect 
to the Service Recipient; (vi) hold itself out as representing the Service 
Recipient or as having the authority to negotiate the terms of or conclude 
contracts on behalf of the Service Recipient or (vii) perform services for 
the Service Recipient that are not covered by this Agreement.
3.3
The Service Provider and its employees, subcontractors or agents shall have 
the authority to (i) provide advice, assistance, direction and 
recommendations to the Service Recipient with respect to its operations; 
(ii) make recommendations on key points of contracts, without having the 
power to negotiate the terms of or conclude contracts or agreements on 
behalf of the Service Recipient; (iii) participate in discussions on 
contracts and agreements; (iv) arrange transactions between the Service 
Recipient and other parties, provided that the Service Provider does not 
make any actual decisions or participate in substantive activities, such as 
negotiations with respect to the terms of such transactions, provided the 
Service Provider may suggest incorporating certain non-core agreement terms 
within the parameters and guidelines provided by Service Recipient; and (v) 
contact banks in connection with raising capital for the Service Recipient, 
without having, in any circumstance, the power to negotiate the terms of or 
conclude contracts or agreements on behalf of the Service Recipient in 
connection with raising capital for the Service Recipient.

------------------------------------------------------------------------




3.4
Engagement of Third Parties. The Service Provider may, with the prior 
consent of the Service Recipient, engage such persons, corporations, or 
other entities as it reasonably deems necessary for the purpose of 
performing Services under this Agreement; provided, however, that the 
Service Provider shall remain responsible for the performance of all such 
Services and shall be considered to engage with such persons, corporations, 
or other entities in its own name and on its own behalf.
4.
FEES AND EXPENSES.
4.1
The Service Recipient shall pay the Service Provider a fee in accordance 
with Exhibit B attached hereto for the Services provided hereunder. The 
rates specified in Exhibit B attached hereto shall be reviewed and may be 
updated from time to time by the Parties. Fees for Services performed by 
the Service Provider will be billed by the Service Provider on a monthly 
basis. All other costs for Third Party services shall be billed, by or on 
behalf of the Service Provider, to the Service Recipient, in such manner 
and format and with such supporting information as the Parties may 
reasonably agree from time to time. Payment for undisputed invoices 
received by the Service Recipient shall be due within sixty (60) days after 
the billing date. Any fees and expenses not paid by the due date thereof 
shall accrue interest at the safe harbor interest rate based on the 
applicable Federal rate as set forth in U.S. Treasury Regulations Section 
1.482-2(a)(2)(iii)(B). All fees and expenses shall be invoiced and payable 
in U.S. dollars.
4.2
Yearly Reconciliation. The Parties shall perform a yearly reconciliation 
for the compensation amounts paid as follows:
      a.
Administrative Services Yearly Reconciliation.
           i.
As soon as reasonably practicable following the close of each Year during 
the Term of this Agreement, the Parties will calculate the total service 
fee with respect to the activities listed in Exhibit A, subsection 1 
(“Administrative and Support Services”) owing under this Agreement for the 
Year (the “Exhibit B Administrative Services Fees”) by calculating the 
Service Provider’s Costs with respect to such services and applying the 
mutually agreed mark-up percentage for such services determined in 
accordance with Exhibit B, and adding the amount of any third-party costs 
reimbursable under Exhibit B paragraph (c) that relate to such services. As 
soon as reasonably practicable following the close of each Year, the 
Parties shall also calculate the total amount of service fees actually paid 
for the Year under Section 4.1 with respect to the activities listed in 
Exhibit A, subsection 1 (“Administrative and Support Services”), adding the 
amount of any third-party costs reimbursable under Exhibit B paragraph (c) 
that relate to such services (the “Actual Administrative Services Fees”).
           ii.
If, for any Year, the total Actual Administrative Services Fees is greater 
than the Exhibit B Administrative Services Fees for such services, there 
shall be deemed to exist an excess of service fee in an amount equal to the 
difference between the total Actual Administrative Services Fees and the 
total Exhibit B Administrative Services Fees for the Year (hereinafter 
“Administrative Services Excess”).

------------------------------------------------------------------------




           iii.
If, for any Year, the total Actual Administrative Services Fees is less 
than the total Exhibit B Administrative Services Fees, there shall be 
deemed to exist a shortfall in an amount equal to the difference between 
the total Exhibit B Administrative Services Fees and the total Actual 
Administrative Services Fees (hereinafter “Administrative Services 
Shortfall”).
     b.
Other Services Yearly Reconciliation.
           i.
As soon as reasonably practicable following the close of each Year during 
the Term of this Agreement, the Parties will calculate the total service 
fee with respect to the activities listed in Exhibit A, subsection 2 
(“Other Services”) owing under this Agreement for the Year (the “Exhibit B 
Other Services Fees”) by calculating the Service Provider’s Costs with 
respect to such services and applying the mutually agreed mark-up 
percentage for such services determined in accordance with Exhibit B, and 
adding the amount of any third-party costs reimbursable under Exhibit B 
paragraph (c) that relate to such services. As soon as reasonably 
practicable following the close of each Year, the Parties shall also 
calculate the total amount of service fees actually paid for the Year under 
Section 4.1 with respect to the activities listed in Exhibit A, subsection 
1 (“Other Services”), adding the amount of any third-party costs 
reimbursable under Exhibit B paragraph (c) that relate to such services 
(the “Actual Other Services Fees”).
           ii.
If, for any Year, the total Actual Other Services Fees is greater than the 
Exhibit B Other Services Fees for such services, there shall be deemed to 
exist an excess of service fee in an amount equal to the difference between 
the total Actual Other Services Fees and the total Exhibit B Other Services 
Fees for the Year (hereinafter “Other Services Excess”).
           iii.
If, for any Year, the total Actual Other Services Fees is less than the 
total Exhibit B Other Services Fees, there shall be deemed to exist a 
shortfall in an amount equal to the difference between the total Exhibit B 
Other Services Fees and the total Actual Other Services Fees (hereinafter 
“Other Services Shortfall”).
     c.
Settlement of Excess or Shortfall Amounts.
            i.
If, for any Year, (1) the sum of the Administrative Services Shortfall and 
the Other Services Shortfall exceeds (2) the sum of the Administrative 
Services Excess and the Other Services Excess (such excess amount, the “Net 
Shortfall”), the Service Recipient shall pay such Net Shortfall to Service 
Provider within thirty (30) days after the Exhibit B Administrative 
Services Fees, Exhibit B Other Services Fees, Actual Administrative 
Services Fees, and Actual Other Services Fees have been calculated for such 
Year.

------------------------------------------------------------------------




            ii.
If, for any Year, (1) the sum of the Administrative Services Excess and the 
Other Services Excess exceeds (2) the sum of the Administrative Services 
Shortfall and the Other Services Shortfall (such excess amount, the “Net 
Excess”), the Service Provider may (x) treat such Net Excess, in whole or 
in part, as a contribution to the capital of the Service Provider; or (y) 
treat such Net Excess, in whole or in part, as an overpayment to the 
Service Provider that must be repaid to the Service Recipient within 30 
days after the end of the Year.
4.3
Withholding. Service Recipient shall be entitled to deduct from any 
payments to Service Provider the amount of any withholding taxes with 
respect to such amounts payable, or any taxes in each case required to be 
withheld by Service Recipient to the extent that Service Recipient pays to 
the appropriate governmental authority on behalf of Service Provider such 
taxes, levies, or charges. Service Recipient shall, upon the request of 
Service Provider, deliver to Service Provider proof of payment of all such 
taxes, levies, and other charges and the appropriate documentation that is 
necessary to obtain a tax credit, to the extent such tax credit can be 
obtained.
5.
ACCESS TO BOOKS AND RECORDS.
      Service Provider shall maintain books and records pertaining to the
      Services provided in any Year pursuant to this Agreement for ten (10)
      Years following the performance of such Services and shall make them
      available for inspection and audit, at Service Recipient’s expense,
      by a mutually acceptable independent certified public accounting firm
      during normal business hours upon reasonable prior written notice to
      Service Provider.


6.
CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION
6.1
Obligations. The Parties acknowledge that, from time to time, one Party 
(the “Disclosing Party”) may disclose to the other Party (the “Receiving 
Party”) information that is marked as “proprietary,” or “confidential,” or 
which would, under the circumstances, be understood by a reasonable person 
to be proprietary and nonpublic (“Confidential Information”). The Receiving 
Party shall retain such Confidential Information in confidence. Each Party 
shall use at least the same procedures and degree of care that it uses to 
protect its own Confidential Information of like importance, including 
those procedures used when disclosing Confidential Information to Third 
Parties, and in no event less than reasonable care.
6.2
Exceptions. Nothing in this Agreement shall prevent the disclosure by the 
Receiving Party or its employees of Confidential Information that:
      a.
Prior to the transmittal thereof to Receiving Party was of general public 
knowledge;
      b.
Becomes, subsequent to the time of transmittal to Receiving Party, a matter 
of general public knowledge otherwise than as a consequence of a breach by 
Receiving Party of any obligation under this Agreement;
      c.
Is made public by Disclosing Party;

------------------------------------------------------------------------




      d.
Was in the possession of Receiving Party in documentary form prior to the 
time of disclosure thereof to Receiving Party by Disclosing Party, and is 
held by Receiving Party free of any obligation of confidence to Disclosing 
Party or any Third Party; or
      e.
Is received in good faith from a Third Party having the right to disclose 
it, who, to the best of Receiving Party’s knowledge, did not obtain the 
same from Disclosing Party and who imposed no obligation of secrecy on 
Receiving Party with respect to such information.
6.3
No Unauthorized Use. The Receiving Party shall refrain from using or 
exploiting any and all Confidential Information for any purposes or 
activities other than those contemplated in this Agreement or any other 
written agreement entered into by and between the Parties.
6.4
Survival. The Parties’ obligations under this Article 6 shall survive the 
termination of this Agreement for any reason whatsoever.
7.
OWNERSHIP OF INTANGIBLE PROPERTY
      Service Provider agrees that all right, title and interest in and to
      any and all Works will be owned exclusively by the Service Recipient.
      All Works, as applicable, shall be considered “works made for hire”
      to the extent permitted under applicable copyright law and will be
      considered the sole property of the Service Recipient. To the extent
      such Works are not considered “works made for hire,” all right,
      title, and interest to such Works, including, but not limited to, all
      copyrights, patents, trademarks, rights of publicity, and trade
      secrets, is hereby assigned by Service Provider to the Service
      Recipient and the Service Provider agrees, at the Service Recipient’s
      expense, to execute any documents requested by the Service Recipient
      or any successor in interest to the Service Recipient, at any time in
      relation to such assignment. Service Provider further acknowledges
      and agrees that any and all derivative works, developments, or
      improvements based on the Works, shall also be deemed Works and all
      right, title and interest therein shall be exclusively owned by the
      Service Recipient. Service Provider shall cooperate with the Service
      Recipient and any of its Affiliates, at no additional cost to such
      parties (whether during or after the term of this Agreement), in the
      confirmation, registration, protection and enforcement of the rights
      and property of the Service Recipient and its successors in interest
      in such Works. The Service Provider shall be entitled to use the
      Works only for purposes of performing the Services. The Service
      Provider shall not at any time do or cause to be done, or fail to do
      or cause to be done, any act or thing, directly or indirectly,
      contesting or in any way impairing Service Recipient’s right, title,
      or interest in the Intangible Property. Every use of any Works (and
      any derivative works, developments, or improvements based on the
      Works) by Service Provider shall inure to the benefit of Service
      Recipient.



------------------------------------------------------------------------




8.
USE OF TRADEMARKS
      The Service Recipient shall grant the Service Provider a right to use
      its Marks only in connection with the Services, provided that if the
      Service Recipient provides the Service Provider with reasonable
      written trademark guidelines governing the use of the Service
      Recipient’s Marks (which guidelines may be updated by the Service
      Recipient from time to time with prior written notice to the Service
      Provider), the Service Provider’s use of such Marks shall be subject
      to such written guidelines so provided. Notwithstanding the
      foregoing, the Service Provider will comply with all of the Service
      Recipient’s reasonable instructions and quality control requirements
      regarding Service Provider’s use of the Marks. The Service Provider
      acknowledges that any of the Service Recipient’s Marks are owned and
      licensed solely and exclusively by the Service Recipient, and agrees
      to use such Marks only in the form and with appropriate legends as
      described by the Service Recipient. All use of the Marks and
      associated goodwill will inure to the benefit of the Service
      Recipient. All rights not expressly granted are reserved to the
      Service Recipient. The Service Provider shall not remove, cover, or
      modify any proprietary rights notice or legend placed by the other
      party on materials used in connection with this Agreement.


9.
INDEMNIFICATION; LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
9.1
The Service Provider, to the maximum extent permitted by law, shall defend, 
protect, indemnify and hold the Service Recipient and its officers, 
employees and directors, as the case may be (“Indemnified Parties”), 
harmless from and against any and all losses, demands, damages (including, 
without limitation, special, consequential and punitive damages awarded to 
Third Parties), claims, liabilities, interest, awards, actions or causes of 
action, suits, judgments, settlements and compromises relating thereto, and 
all reasonable attorney’s fees and other fees and expenses in connection 
therewith (“Losses”) which may be incurred by an Indemnified Party, arising 
out of, due to, or in connection with, directly or indirectly, the 
provision of the Services or failure to provide the Services under this 
Agreement, except to the extent that such Losses are the result of the 
gross negligence or willful misconduct of an Indemnified Party.
9.2
The Service Provider’s liability for aggregate Losses under this Agreement 
for any cause whatsoever, and regardless of the form of action, whether in 
contract or in tort, shall be limited to the payments made by the Service 
Recipient under this Agreement for the specific Service that allegedly 
caused or was related to the Losses during the period in which the alleged 
Losses were incurred. In no event shall the Service Provider be liable for 
any Losses caused by the Service Recipient’s failure to perform the Service 
Recipient’s obligations under this Agreement.
9.3
NOTWITHSTANDING ANYTHING TO THE CONTRARY IN THIS AGREEMENT OR AT LAW OR IN 
EQUITY, IN NO EVENT SHALL EITHER PARTY BE LIABLE FOR PUNITIVE, SPECIAL, 
INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES TO THE OTHER PARTY OR ANY 
OTHER PERSON (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF BUSINESS 
PROFITS, BUSINESS INTERRUPTION, ACTIONS OF THIRD PARTIES OR ANY OTHER LOSS) 
ARISING FROM OR RELATING TO ANY CLAIM MADE UNDER THIS AGREEMENT OR THE 
PROVISION OR THE FAILURE TO PROVIDE THE SERVICES.

------------------------------------------------------------------------




10.
TERM AND TERMINATION
10.1
Term. This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and continue 
until terminated by either Party in accordance with this Section 10.1. 
Either party may terminate this Agreement at its discretion by giving 
written notice to the other party at least sixty (60) days before the 
proposed termination date. Section 12.14 and Article 6 shall survive the 
termination of this Agreement. The Service Recipient hereby specifically 
agrees and acknowledges that all obligations of the Service Provider to 
provide any and all Services shall immediately cease upon termination of 
this Agreement. The Service Provider hereby specifically agrees and 
acknowledges that all of its rights to use Marks pursuant to Article 8 of 
this Agreement shall immediately cease upon termination of this Agreement. 
To the extent permitted by applicable law, neither Party shall be liable to 
the other Party for, and each Party hereby expressly waives any right to, 
any termination compensation of any kind or character whatsoever, to which 
such Party may be entitled solely by virtue of termination of this 
Agreement.
10.2
Rights and Duties on Termination. Upon termination of this Agreement for 
any reason, each Party shall cease all use of the other Party’s 
Confidential Information, and Service Recipient shall pay Service Provider 
all accrued and unpaid fees for Services performed through the date of 
termination.
11.
COMPLIANCE WITH LAWS
11.1
General Compliance. The Parties shall at all times strictly comply with all 
applicable laws, rules, regulations, and governmental orders, now or 
hereafter in effect, relating to their performance of this Agreement. Each 
Party further agrees to make, obtain, and maintain in force at all times 
during the term of this Agreement, all filings, registrations, reports, 
licenses, permits, and authorizations (collectively, “Authorizations”) 
required under applicable law, regulation, or order for such Party to 
perform its obligations under this Agreement. Service Recipient shall 
provide Service Provider with such assistance as Service Provider may 
reasonably request in making or obtaining any such Authorizations.
12.
GENERAL PROVISIONS
12.1
Notices. Any and all notices, elections, offers, acceptances, and demands 
permitted or required to be made under this Agreement shall be in writing, 
signed by the Party giving such notice, election, offer, acceptance, or 
demand and shall be delivered personally, by messenger, courier service, 
telecopy, first class mail or similar transmission, to the Party, at its 
address on file with the other Party or at such other address as may be 
supplied in writing. The date of personal delivery or the date of mailing, 
as the case may be, shall be the date of such notice, election, offer, 
acceptance, or demand.

------------------------------------------------------------------------




12.2
Force Majeure. If the performance of any part of this Agreement by either 
Party, or of any obligation under this Agreement, is prevented, restricted, 
interfered with, or delayed by reason of any cause beyond the reasonable 
control of the Party liable to perform, unless conclusive evidence to the 
contrary is provided, the Party so affected shall, on giving written notice 
to the other Party, be excused from such performance to the extent of such 
prevention, restriction, interference, or delay, provided that the affected 
Party shall use its reasonable best efforts to avoid or remove such causes 
of nonperformance and shall continue performance with the utmost dispatch 
whenever such causes are removed. When such circumstances arise, the 
Parties shall discuss what, if any, modification of the terms of this 
Agreement may be required in order to arrive at an equitable solution.
12.3
Successors and Assigns. This Agreement may not be assigned or otherwise 
conveyed by any Party without the prior written consent of the other Party; 
provided however that such prior written consent will not be required for 
an assignment to an Affiliate of either Party. This Agreement shall be 
binding on and inure to the benefit of the Parties hereto and their 
respective successors, successors in title and assigns to the extent that 
such assignment is permitted under this paragraph.
12.4
Entire Agreement, Amendments. This Agreement constitutes the entire 
agreement between the Parties with respect to the subject matter hereof, 
and supersedes all prior agreements, understandings, and communications 
between the Parties, whether oral or written, relating to the same subject 
matter. No change, modification, or amendment of this Agreement shall be 
valid or binding on the Parties unless such change or modification shall be 
in writing signed by the Party or Parties against whom the same is sought 
to be enforced.
12.5
Remedies Cumulative. The remedies of the Parties under this Agreement are 
cumulative and shall not exclude any other remedies to which the Party may 
be lawfully entitled.
12.6
Other Persons. Nothing in this Agreement shall be construed to prevent or 
prohibit the Service Provider from providing services to any other Person 
or from engaging in any other business activity.
12.7
Not for the Benefit of Third Parties. This Agreement is for the exclusive 
benefit of the Parties to this Agreement and not for the benefit of any 
Third Party.
12.8
Further Assurances. Each Party hereby covenants and agrees that it shall 
execute and deliver such deeds and other documents as may be required to 
implement any of the provisions of this Agreement.
12.9
No Waiver. The failure of any Party to insist on strict performance of a 
covenant hereunder or of any obligation hereunder shall not be a waiver of 
such Party’s right to demand strict compliance therewith in the future, nor 
shall the same be construed as a novation of this Agreement.
12.10
Integration. This Agreement constitutes the full and complete agreement of 
the Parties.
12.11
Captions. Titles or captions of articles and paragraphs contained in this 
Agreement are inserted only as a matter of convenience and for reference, 
and in no way define, limit, extend, or describe the scope of this 
Agreement or the intent of any provision hereof.
12.12
Number and Gender. Whenever required by the context, the singular number 
shall include the plural, the plural number shall include the singular, and 
the gender of any pronoun shall include all genders.

------------------------------------------------------------------------




12.13
Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in multiple copies, each one 
of which shall be an original and all of which shall constitute one and the 
same document, binding on the Parties, and each Party hereby covenants and 
agrees to execute all duplicates or replacement counterparts of this 
Agreement as may be required.
12.14
Governing Law and Jurisdiction. THIS AGREEMENT AND THE LEGAL RELATIONS 
BETWEEN THE PARTIES HERETO SHALL BE GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE 
WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK, WITHOUT REGARD TO ANY CONFLICT OF 
LAWS RULES. THE COURTS LOCATED WITHIN THE STATE OF NEW YORK SHALL HAVE 
EXCLUSIVE JURISDICTION OVER ANY AND ALL DISPUTES BETWEEN THE PARTIES 
HERETO, WHETHER IN LAW OR EQUITY, ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS 
AGREEMENT AND THE AGREEMENTS, INSTRUMENTS AND DOCUMENTS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY 
AND THE PARTIES CONSENT TO AND AGREE TO SUBMIT TO THE EXCLUSIVE 
JURISDICTION OF SUCH COURTS. EACH OF THE PARTIES HEREBY WAIVES AND AGREES 
NOT TO ASSERT IN ANY SUCH DISPUTE, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY 
APPLICABLE LAW, ANY CLAIM THAT (A) SUCH PARTY IS NOT PERSONALLY SUBJECT TO 
THE JURISDICTION OF SUCH COURTS, (B) SUCH PARTY AND SUCH PARTY’S PROPERTY 
IS IMMUNE FROM ANY LEGAL PROCESS ISSUED BY SUCH COURTS OR (C) ANY 
LITIGATION OR OTHER PROCEEDING COMMENCED IN SUCH COURTS IS BROUGHT IN AN 
INCONVENIENT FORUM.
12.15
Computation of Time. Whenever the last day for the exercise of any 
privilege or the discharge of any duty hereunder shall fall on a Saturday, 
Sunday, or any public or legal holiday, whether local or national, the 
Party having such privilege or duty shall have until 5:00 p.m. (EST or, if 
in effect in New York, EDT) on the next succeeding business day to exercise 
such privilege, or to discharge such duty.
12.16
Severability. In the event any provision, clause, sentence, phrase, or word 
hereof, or the application thereof in any circumstances, is held to be 
invalid or unenforceable, such invalidity or unenforceability shall not 
affect the validity or enforceability of the remainder hereof, or of the 
application of any such provision, sentence, clause, phrase, or word in any 
other circumstances.
12.17
Costs and Expenses. Unless otherwise provided in this Agreement, each Party 
shall bear all fees and expenses incurred in performing its obligations 
under this Agreement.
12.18
Provisions of Law. A reference in this Agreement to a provision of law, 
regulation, rule, official directive, request, or guideline (whether or not 
having the force of law) of any governmental, intergovernmental or 
supranational body, agency, department or regulatory, self-regulatory, or 
other authority or organization is a reference to that provision as amended 
or re-enacted currently or in the future.
12.19
Meaning in Notices. Unless a contrary indication appears, a term used in 
any notice given under or in connection with this Agreement has the same 
meaning in that notice as in this Agreement.
(The remainder of this page has been intentionally left blank)



------------------------------------------------------------------------




IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be 
executed by their duly authorized officers effective as of the date first 
above written.


ROIVANT SCIENCES GMBH
 
MYOVANT SCIENCES GMBH
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
/s/ Marianne Romeo Dinsmore
 
/s/ Ruben Masar
      By: Marianne Romeo Dinsmore
 
      By: Ruben Masar
      Title: Managing Director
 
      Title: Secretary
      Date: 13 February 2017
 
      Date: 13 February 2017























------------------------------------------------------------------------





EXHIBIT A


SERVICES PROVIDED


1.
Administrative and Support Services. Various administrative and supportive 
services, which may include, but are not limited to:
            (a) Payroll
            (b) Accounts Receivable
            (c) Accounts Payable
            (d) General Administrative
              (e) Corporate and Public Relations (including advertising,
              investor relations and/or financial marketing)
            (f) Meeting Coordination and Travel Planning
            (g) Accounting and Auditing
            (h) Tax
            (i) Budgeting
            (j) Treasury Activities
            (k) Staffing and Recruiting
            (l) Training and Employee Development
            (m) Benefits
            (n) Information and Technology Services
            (o) Legal Services
            (p) Insurance Claims Management
            (q) Purchasing



       
      And other similar services.


2.
Other Services
      Administrative, research and development services whether provided
      directly or by engaging employees, agents, consultants, contract
      research organizations, vendors or any other Third Party, including,
      but not limited to:


      (a)
Preparatory assistance in respect of the identification/location of 
potential drug asset candidates
      (b)
Perform/oversee due diligence to evaluate a drug candidate (including, but 
not limited to, studying the compound, market demand, potential 
opportunities and competitive landscape with respect to such drug candidate 
and probability of commercial success of such drug candidate)
      (c)
Engage, manage and oversee external consultants, whether individuals or 
consulting companies, in connection with in-depth analyses of potential 
drug investment opportunities and other activities relating to drugs and 
drug candidates

------------------------------------------------------------------------




      (d)
Form recommendations regarding potential drug investment opportunities and 
deliver recommendations to the board of directors of the Service Recipient
      (e)
Provide the board of directors of the Service Recipient with advice in 
connection with the acquisition of drug assets and, if necessary, assist in 
communications between the board of directors of the Service Recipient and 
the sellers of the relevant drug asset in order for the Service Recipient 
to negotiate and conclude agreements to acquire drug assets and related 
intellectual property
      (f)
Participate in meetings with regulatory authorities related to drug assets 
of Service Recipient (within the parameters and guidelines provided by 
Service Recipient)
      (g)
Develop a plan for clinical testing with respect to a drug asset, identify 
appropriate contract research organizations to be used in connection with 
such clinical testing and contract with such contract research 
organizations (within the parameters and guidelines provided by Service 
Recipient)
      (h)
Select manufacturers to manufacture small batch sample of drug product for 
purposes of clinical trials and contract with such manufacturers (within 
the parameters and guidelines provided by Service Recipient)
      (i)
Manage and oversee clinical trials and drug manufacturing to the extent 
such clinical trials and drug manufacturing costs do not exceed established 
cost parameters set by Service Recipient
      (j)
Gather and analyze data obtained in connection with clinical trials and 
present such information to the board of directors of the Service Recipient
      (k)
Conduct final filings to obtain regulatory approvals with respect to a drug 
asset
The Service Provider shall provide such other services as are agreed with 
the Service Recipient from time to time.











------------------------------------------------------------------------




EXHIBIT B


CALCULATION OF COMPENSATION FOR SERVICES PROVIDED


The fees set forth in this Exhibit B represent the entire amount to be paid 
by the Service Recipient in connection with the Service Provider’s 
provision of the Services, and any and all other costs and expenses 
associated with the Services or the Agreement. In addition, the fees set 
forth in this Exhibit B include any and all applicable federal, state or 
local sales or use tax payable in connection with the Services or the 
Agreement.


Except as otherwise agreed to by the Parties from time to time, Service 
Recipient shall compensate Service Provider for its Services rendered and 
Costs incurred under this Agreement in accordance with the following:


      (a)
Service Recipient shall reimburse Service Provider for its Costs, excluding 
third-party costs as provided in (c), incurred in providing the 
Administrative and Support Services described in Exhibit A or in making, 
obtaining, and maintaining in force the Authorizations as described in 
Section 11.1, and shall further pay Service Provider a mark-up on such 
costs. The mark-up shall be based on the mark-up percentage that the 
Parties mutually agree is consistent with the financial returns of 
independent companies performing similar services. The Parties shall review 
and (if necessary) update the mark-up percentage on an annual basis.
      (b)
Service Recipient shall reimburse Service Provider for its Costs, excluding 
third-party costs as provided in (c), incurred in providing the Other 
Services described in Exhibit A, and shall further pay Service Provider a 
mark-up on such costs. The mark-up shall be based on the mark-up percentage 
that the Parties mutually agree is consistent with the financial returns of 
independent companies performing similar services. The Parties shall review 
and (if necessary) update the mark-up percentage on an annual basis.
      (c)
If the Service Provider engages a third party pursuant to Section 3.4 
hereof, the Service Recipient shall reimburse the Service Provider for all 
reasonable and actual out-of-pocket costs incurred by the Service Provider 
in connection with such engagement.


