 EX-10.21 2 employmentagreement.htm EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT

EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT

This Employment Agreement (the "Agreement") is dated as of February 8, 2017 
by and between Fauquier Bankshares, Inc. a Virginia corporation (the 
"Company"), and Christine E. Headly and to which The Fauquier Bank, a 
wholly-owned banking subsidiary of the Company (the "Bank"), is made a 
party.

The parties, intending to be legally bound, agree as follow:

1. Employment.  You will be employed as Executive Vice President and Chief 
Financial Officer of the Company and the Bank on the terms and subject to 
the conditions of this Agreement.  You will have the duties and 
responsibilities that are commensurate with your position and shall also 
render such other managerial services as may be reasonably assigned to you 
by the Company or its designee, consistent with your position.  You accept 
such employment and agree to devote the necessary time and attention on a 
full-time basis to the discharge of such duties and responsibilities to the 
best of your abilities.  You agree to comply with all policies, standards 
and codes of conduct of the Company now or hereafter adopted.

References in this Agreement to services rendered for the Company and 
compensation and benefits payable or provided by the Company shall include 
services rendered for, and compensation and benefits payable or provided 
by, any Affiliate (as defined below) of the Company.  Unless the context 
otherwise requires, references in this Agreement to the "Company" also 
shall mean and refer to any business entity, including the Bank, that, 
directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, is controlled by 
the Company (each, an "Affiliate").

2. Term.  The term of this Agreement shall be deemed to have commenced on 
February 8, 2017 and, subject to Section 5, shall continue until December 
31, 2019; provided that on December 31, 2017 and on each December 31st 
thereafter (each such December 31st is referred to as the "Renewal Date"), 
this Agreement will be automatically extended for an additional calendar 
year so as to terminate two years from such Renewal Date.  This Agreement 
will not, however, be extended if the Company gives you written notice 
("Nonrenewal Notice") of such non-renewal before the Renewal Date (the 
initial and any extended term of this Agreement is referred to as the 
"Employment Period").  Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the 
contrary, this Agreement will automatically terminate on the first day of 
the month immediately following the month in which you turn sixty-five 
(65).  The last day of the Employment Period is sometimes referred to in 
this Agreement as the "Expiration Date."

3. Compensation.

(a) Base Salary.  During the Employment Period, you will receive for your 
services an annual base salary (the "Base Salary") in an amount to be 
determined by the Company in accordance with its salary administration 
program as it may from time to time be in effect.  The Base Salary will be 
reviewed annually and may be adjusted upward or downward in the sole 
discretion of the Compensation Committee or the Board of Directors of the 
Company, except that any downward adjustment in your Base Salary may be 
made only in connection with a general reduction in Base Salary that 
affects all similarly situated senior officers of the Company in 
substantially the same proportions.  The initial Base Salary will be 
$160,000.  In no event will the Base Salary be less than $160,000.

(b) Short-Term and Long-Term Incentives.  During the Employment Period, you 
may participate in such short-term and/or long-term cash and/or equity 
incentive plan(s) in such manner and subject to such terms and conditions 
as the Compensation Committee or the Board of Directors of the Company in 
its sole discretion may determine.  An annual bonus, if any, will be paid 
within two and a half months after the end of the applicable year.  To be 
eligible to receive any bonus, you must be employed by the Company on the 
date such bonus is paid, unless you have retired in accordance with the 
Company's retirement policy after the date on which you were deemed to have 
earned any bonus under the applicable bonus or incentive plan.

(c) Supplemental Executive Retirement Benefit.  As soon as reasonably 
practicable, the Company will enter into a supplemental executive 
retirement plan with you to provide for certain supplemental nonqualified 
cash benefits.

4. Benefits; Business Expenses.

(a) Benefit Programs.  You will eligible to participate in any plans, 
programs, or forms of compensation or benefits that the Company or its 
Affiliates provide to the class of employees that includes you, on a basis 
not less favorable than that provided to such class of employees, including 
without limitation, group medical, disability and life insurance, vacation 
and sick leave, and retirement.  It is understood that the Board of 
Directors of the Company may, in its sole discretion, establish, modify or 
terminate such plans, programs or benefits.

(b) Business Expenses.  The Company will pay on your behalf (or promptly 
reimburse you for) reasonable expenses incurred by you at the request of, 
or on behalf of, the Company in the performance of your duties pursuant to 
this Agreement and in accordance with the Company's policies.



5. Termination and Termination Benefits.  The Employment Period and your 
employment may be terminated by either the Company or you at any time or 
for any reason.  Upon termination of your employment during the Employment 
Period, you shall be entitled to the compensation and benefits described in 
this Section 5 and shall have no further rights to any compensation or 
other benefits from the Company or any of its Affiliates, provided that 
Section 6 shall govern the compensation and other benefits payable to you 
in connection with the termination of your employment following a Change in 
Control (as defined in Section 6(b)) of the Company.

(a) Termination as a Consequence of Death or Incapacity.  If you die while 
employed by the Company, the Company will pay your beneficiary designated 
in writing (provided such writing is executed and dated by you and 
delivered to the Company in a form acceptable to the Company prior to your 
death) and surviving you or, if none, your estate your Base Salary through 
the end of the third full calendar month following the month in which your 
death occurs.

If the Company determines that the Incapacity, as defined below, of you has 
occurred, it may terminate your employment and this Agreement upon thirty 
(30) days' written notice, provided that, within thirty (30) days after 
receipt of such notice you shall not have returned to full-time performance 
of your assigned duties.  Incapacity shall mean either: (i) your failure to 
perform your assigned duties and responsibilities with the Company on a 
full-time basis as a result of mental or physical illness or injury as 
determined by a physician selected by the Company for ninety (90) 
consecutive calendar days; or (ii) incapacity or disability as defined in 
the disability insurance policy maintained by the Company for your benefit, 
whichever definition is more favorable to you.  You will not be entitled to 
any additional benefits under this Agreement as a result of a termination 
due to your Incapacity.

(b) Termination for Cause.  Your employment may be terminated by the 
Company for Cause (as defined below).  If your employment is terminated by 
the Company for Cause, you will be entitled to receive:

    (i) Any accrued but unpaid Base Salary which shall be paid on the
    payroll date immediately following the date of termination in
    accordance with the Company's customary payroll procedures;

    (ii) Reimbursement for unreimbursed expenses properly incurred by you,
    which shall be subject to and paid in accordance with the Company's
    expense reimbursement policy; and

    (iii) Such employee benefits (including equity compensation), if any,
    to which you may be entitled under the Company's employee benefit plans
    and programs as of the date of termination (items (i) through (iii) are
    referred to collectively as the "Accrued Amounts").

(c) Definition of Cause.  For purposes of this Agreement, Cause shall mean:

    (i) Your failure to perform any of the material duties and
    responsibilities required by your position (other than by reason of
    Incapacity), or your failure to follow reasonable instructions or
    policies of the Company;

    (ii) Your conviction of or entering of a guilty plea or plea of no
    contest with respect to a felony, a crime of moral turpitude or any
    other crime with respect to which imprisonment is a possible
    punishment, or your misappropriation or embezzlement of funds or
    property of the Company or its Affiliates;

    (iii) Your fraud or dishonesty with respect to the Company or its
    Affiliates;

    (iv) Your breach of fiduciary duties owed by you to the Company or its
    Affiliates;

    (v) Your breach of a material term of this Agreement or violation in
    any material respect of any code or standard of behavior generally
    applicable to employees of the Company; or

    (vi) Your engaging in conduct that, if it became known by any
    regulatory or governmental agency or the public, is reasonably likely
    to result, or has resulted, in material injury to the Company or its
    Affiliates, reputational, financial or otherwise.

You shall not be deemed to have been terminated for Cause unless and until 
the Company delivers to you a copy of a resolution duly adopted by the 
affirmative vote of a majority of the directors who qualify as 
"independent" directors of the Company under the applicable stock exchange 
listing requirements (the "Independent Directors"), after reasonable 
written notice is provided to you and you are given an opportunity, 
together with counsel, to be heard before the Independent Directors, 
finding that you are guilty of the conduct described in any of clauses (i) 
– (vi) above.  Except for a failure, breach or refusal which, by its 
nature, cannot reasonably be expected to be cured, you shall have ten (10) 
days from the delivery of written notice by the Company within which to 
cure any acts constituting Cause; provided, however, that if a majority of 
the Independent Directors reasonably expects irreparable injury from a 
delay of ten (10) days, the Company may give you notice of such shorter 
period within which to cure as the Independent Directors determine is 
reasonable under the circumstances, which may include the termination of 
your employment without notice and with immediate effect.

(d) Termination by You Other Than for Good Reason.  You may terminate your 
employment hereunder without Good Reason (as defined below) by written 
notice to the Company effective thirty (30) days after receipt of such 
notice by the Company or at any time by mutual agreement in writing.  If 
you terminate your employment without Good Reason, you will be entitled to 
receive the Accrued Amounts as provided in Section 5(b).  It shall not 
constitute a breach of this Agreement for the Company to suspend your 
duties and to place you on paid leave during the notice period.

(e) Termination by the Company Without Cause.  Your employment may be 
terminated by the Company without Cause at any time upon written notice to 
you, which termination will be effective immediately or on such later date 
as specified in the written notice.  In the event your employment is 
terminated without Cause, you shall receive the Accrued Amounts and, 
provided you sign a release and waiver of claims in favor of the Company 
and its Affiliates and their respective officers and directors in a form 
provided by the Company (the "Release") and it becomes effective, you shall 
receive the following benefits:

    (i) Any earned but unpaid incentive bonus with respect to any completed
    calendar year immediately preceding the date of termination, which
    shall be paid on the applicable payment date;

    (ii) The product of the annual cash bonus paid or payable, including by
    reason of deferral, for the most recently completed year and a
    fraction, the numerator of which is the number of days in the current
    year through the date of termination and the denominator of which is
    365, which shall be paid within thirty (30) days of the termination
    date;

    (iii) The Company shall continue to pay your Base Salary in effect on
    the date of termination for a period of twenty-four (24) months, such
    payments to be made on the same periodic dates as salary payments would
    have been made to you had your employment not been terminated, subject
    to compliance with Section 11(g) of this Agreement regarding the
    requirements of Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the
    "Code"); and

    (iv) If you timely and properly elect continuation coverage under the
    Consolidated Omnibus Reconciliation Act of 1985 ("COBRA"), the Company
    will reimburse you for the difference between the monthly COBRA premium
    amount paid by you for your and your eligible dependents' group health
    insurance coverage and the monthly premium amount paid by similarly
    situated active employees.  Such reimbursement will be paid to you by
    the tenth day of the month immediately following the month in which you
    timely remit the COBRA premium payment.  You shall be eligible to
    receive such reimbursement until the earliest of: (A) eighteen (18)
    months following the date of termination, (B) the date you are no
    longer eligible to receive COBRA continuation coverage; or (C) the date
    on which you become eligible to receive substantially similar coverage
    from another employer.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Company's
    payments under this Section 5(e)(iv) would violate the
    nondiscrimination rules applicable to non-grandfathered plans or would
    result in the imposition of penalties under the Patient Protection and
    Affordable Care Act of 2010 and the related regulations and guidance
    promulgated thereunder (the "PPACA"), the parties agree to reform this
    Section 5(e)(iv) in a manner as is necessary to comply with the PPACA.

(f) Termination by You for Good Reason.  You may voluntarily terminate your 
employment under this Agreement at any time for Good Reason and be entitled 
to receive the compensation and other benefits set forth in Section 5(e) 
relating to a termination without Cause, provided you sign a Release and it 
becomes effective.  You must provide written notice to the Company of the 
existence of the event or condition constituting such Good Reason within 
ninety (90) days of the initial occurrence of the event or condition 
alleged to constitute Good Reason.  Upon delivery of such notice by you, 
the Company shall have a period of thirty (30) days during which it may 
remedy in good faith the event or condition constituting Good Reason, and 
your employment shall continue in effect during such time so long as the 
Company is making diligent efforts to cure.  In the event the Company shall 
remedy in good faith the event or condition constituting Good Reason, then 
such notice of termination shall be null and void, and the Company shall 
not be required to pay the amount due to you under this Section 5(f).

For purposes of this Agreement, Good Reason shall mean:

    (i) The assignment to you, without your written consent, of duties
    inconsistent with your position, authority, duties or responsibilities
    as contemplated by Section 1 hereof;

    (ii) Any action taken by the Company that results in a substantial
    reduction in your status, including a diminution in your position,
    authority, duties or responsibilities;

    (iii) Requiring you to maintain your primary office outside of the
    Market Area (as defined in Section 7(d)), unless either the Company or
    the Bank moves its principal executive offices to the place to which
    you are required to move your primary office;

    (iv) The failure of the Company to comply with any material term of
    this Agreement; or

Notwithstanding the above, Good Reason shall not include your removal as an 
officer of any Affiliate of the Company (including the Bank) in order that 
you might concentrate your efforts on the Company or any resignation by you 
where Cause for your termination by the Company exists.

(g) Resignation of All Other Positions.  Effective upon the termination of 
your employment for any reason, you shall be deemed to have resigned from 
all positions that you hold as an officer of the Company or any of its 
Affiliates.

(h) Regulatory Requirement.  The Company shall not be required to make 
payment of, or provide any benefit under, this Section 5 to the extent such 
payment or benefit is prohibited by the regulations presently found at 12 
C.F.R. Part 359 or to the extent that any other governmental approval for 
the payment or benefit that is required by law is not received.

6. Change in Control Termination.

(a) Change in Control Payments and Benefits.  Notwithstanding any other 
provision in this Agreement, if your employment is terminated by you for 
Good Reason or by the Company on account of its failure to renew the 
Agreement in accordance with Section 2 or without Cause (other than on 
account of your death or Incapacity), in each case within thirty-six (36) 
months following a Change in Control, you shall be entitled to receive the 
following payments and benefits, provided you sign a Release and it becomes 
effective:

    (i) The sum of: (1) the Accrued Amounts; (2) the amount, if any, of any
    earned but unpaid incentive or bonus compensation with respect to any
    completed calendar year immediately preceding the date of termination;
    (3) the product of the annual cash bonus paid or payable, including by
    reason of deferral, for the most recently completed year and a
    fraction, the numerator of which is the number of days in the current
    year through the date of termination and the denominator of which is
    365; and (4) any benefits or awards (including both the cash and stock
    components) which pursuant to the terms of any plans, policies or
    programs have been earned or become payable, but which have not been
    paid to you.  These amounts will be paid to you in a lump sum cash
    payment within ten (10) days after the effective date of the Release;

    (ii) An amount equal to 1.99 times your Final Compensation.  For
    purposes of this Agreement, Final Compensation means the Base Salary in
    effect at the date of termination, plus the highest annual cash bonus
    paid or payable for the two most recently completed years.  This
    severance benefit will be paid to you in a lump sum cash payment within
    thirty (30) days after the effective date of the Release; and

    (iii) If you timely elect COBRA coverage, your current benefits under
    group health and dental plans will continue in accordance with Section
    5(e)(iv).  its portion of such health and dental premiums.

(b) For purposes of this Agreement, Change in Control means the occurrence 
of any of the following:

    (i) The acquisition by any Person (as defined below) of beneficial
    ownership of 25% or more of the then outstanding shares of common stock
    of the Company, provided that an acquisition directly from the Company
    (excluding an acquisition by virtue of the exercise of a conversion
    privilege) shall not constitute a Change in Control;

    (ii) Individuals who constitute the Board of Directors of the Company
    on the effective date of this Agreement (the "Incumbent Board") cease
    to constitute a majority of the Board of Directors, provided that any
    director whose nomination was approved by a vote of at least two-thirds
    of the directors then comprising the Incumbent Board will be considered
    a member of the Incumbent Board, but excluding any such individual
    whose assumption of office is in connection with an actual or
    threatened election contest relating to the election of directors of
    the Company;

    (iii) Consummation by the Company of a reorganization, merger, share
    exchange or consolidation (a "Reorganization"), provided that the
    consummation of a Reorganization will not constitute a Change in
    Control if, upon consummation of the Reorganization, each of the
    following conditions is satisfied:

(1) 	
More than 50% of the then outstanding shares of common stock of the 
corporation resulting from the Reorganization is beneficially owned by all 
or substantially all of the former shareholders of the Company in 
substantially the same proportions as their ownership existed in the 
Company immediately prior to the Reorganization; and

(2) 	
At least a majority of the members of the board of directors of the 
corporation resulting from the Reorganization were members of the Incumbent 
Board at the time of the execution of the initial agreement providing for 
the Reorganization; or

    (iii) The complete liquidation or dissolution of the Company, or the
    sale or other disposition of all or substantially all of the assets of
    the Company.

    (iv) For purposes of this Agreement, "Person" means any individual,
    entity or group (within the meaning of Section 13(d)(3) of the
    Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the "Exchange Act"), other than any
    employee benefit plan (or related trust) sponsored or maintained by the
    Company or any affiliated company, and "beneficial ownership" has the
    meaning given the term in Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act.

(c) Potential Limitation of Payments and Benefits.

    (i) Subject to subsection (ii) below, in the event that the aggregate
    value of the payments and benefits to which you may be entitled under
    this Agreement or any other agreement, plan, program or arrangement in
    connection with a Change in Control (the "Change in Control Termination
    Benefits") would subject you the excise tax imposed under Section 4999
    of the Code (the "Excise Tax"), then the Change in Control Termination
    Benefits shall be reduced in a manner determined by the Company (by the
    minimum possible amount) that is consistent with the requirements of
    Section 409A of the Code until no amount or benefit payable to you will
    be subject to the Excise Tax.

    (ii) Notwithstanding the foregoing, no reduction in the Change in
    Control Termination Benefits shall be made if your Net After-Tax
    Benefit (as defined below) assuming such reduction was not made exceeds
    by $25,000 or more your Net After-Tax Benefit assuming such reduction
    was made.

    (iii) "Net After-Tax Benefit" shall mean the amount of the Change in
    Control Termination Benefits which you receive or are then entitled to
    receive, less the amount of all applicable taxes payable by you with
    respect to the Change in Control Termination Benefits, including any
    Excise Tax.

    (iv) All calculations and determinations under this Section 6(c) shall
    be made by an independent accounting firm or independent tax counsel
    appointed by the Company (the "Tax Advisor") whose determinations shall
    be conclusive and binding on the Company and you for all purposes.  The
    Tax Advisor may rely on reasonable, good faith assumptions and
    approximations concerning the application of Section 280G and Section
    4999 of the Code.  The Company shall bear all costs of the Tax Advisor.

7. Covenants.

(a) Noncompetition.  You agree that during the Employment Period and for a 
two-year period following the expiration of this Agreement (subject to 
Section 7(c) below) or, if sooner, the termination of your employment for 
any reason, including resignation or retirement, during the Employment 
Period (the "Noncompete Period"), you will not directly or indirectly, as a 
principal, agent, employee, employer, investor, director, consultant, 
co-partner or in any other individual or representative capacity 
whatsoever, engage in a business that provides Competitive Services 
anywhere in the Market Area (as such terms are defined below) in any 
competitive capacity holding a similar office or engaging in similar 
activities to those which you held or performed on behalf of the Company 
and any of its Affiliates during the Employment Period.  Notwithstanding 
the foregoing, you may purchase or otherwise acquire up to (but not more 
than) 1% of any class of securities of any business enterprise (but without 
otherwise participating in the activities of such enterprise) that engages 
in a Competitive Business in the Market Area and whose securities are 
listed on any national or regional securities exchange or have been 
registered under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as 
amended.

(b) Nonsolicitation.  You further agree that during the Employment Period 
and for a two-year period following the expiration of this Agreement or, if 
sooner, the termination of your employment for any reason, including 
resignation or retirement, during the Employment Period, you will not 
directly or indirectly: (i) solicit, or assist any other person in 
soliciting, any Customers (as defined below) to make deposits in, borrow 
money from, or otherwise become customers of any other business entity 
conducting a Competitive Business in the Market Area; (ii) induce any 
Customers to terminate their relationship with the Company or its 
Affiliates; or (iii) contact, solicit or assist in the solicitation of any 
employee to terminate his or her employment with the Company or its 
Affiliates.

(c) Expiration of the Agreement.  If the Company elects not to extend this 
Agreement by giving you a Nonrenewal Notice in accordance with Section 2 
and your employment is subsequently terminated after the expiration of the 
then current term, you will not be subject to the noncompetition provisions 
of Section 7(a) unless the Company makes a timely election to continue to 
make Base Salary payments to you at the level in effect at the date of 
termination of your employment for the remaining balance of the Noncompete 
Period.  The Company must notify you in writing of its election to enforce 
the noncompetition provisions of Section 7(a) within seven (7) business 
days following the termination of your employment.  The Company may not 
revoke its election to enforce the noncompetition covenant.

(d) Definitions.  As used in this Agreement, the term "Competitive 
Services" means providing financial products and services, which includes 
offering one or more of the following services and products: depository 
accounts, consumer and commercial lending, residential and commercial 
mortgage lending, cash management services, trust and estate 
administration, asset management, and any other business in which the 
Company or any of its Affiliates are engaged and in which you are 
significantly engaged at the time of termination of your employment; the 
term "Customer" means any individual or entity to whom or to which the 
Company or an Affiliate provided Competitive Services within two (2) years 
of the date on which your employment terminates; the term "Market Area" 
means (i) Fauquier County and Prince William County and any separately 
incorporated municipality located within either Fauquier County or Prince 
William County, and (ii) the area within a 15-mile radius of any 
full-service banking office established by the Company at the time of 
termination of your employment; the term "Person" means any person, 
partnership, corporation, company, group or other entity; and the term 
"Confidential Information" shall include, but not be limited to, all 
financial and personnel data, computer software and all data base 
technologies, capital plans, customer lists and requirements, market 
studies, know-how, processes, trade secrets, and any other information 
concerning the non-public business and affairs of the Company.

(e) Confidentiality.  During the Employment Period and thereafter, and 
except as required by any court, supervisory authority or administrative 
agency or as may be otherwise required by applicable law, you shall not, 
without the written consent of a person duly authorized by the Company, 
disclose to any person (other than your personal attorney, or an employee 
of the Company or an Affiliate, or a person to whom disclosure is 
reasonably necessary or appropriate in connection with the performance by 
you of your duties as an employee of the Company) or utilize in conducting 
a business any Confidential Information obtained by you while in the employ 
of the Company, unless such information has become a matter of public 
knowledge at the time of such disclosure.

(f) Acknowledgment.  The covenants contained in this Section 7 shall be 
construed and interpreted in any proceeding to permit their enforcement to 
the maximum extent permitted by law.  You agree that the restrictions 
imposed herein are necessary for the reasonable and proper protection of 
the Company and its Affiliates, and that each and every one of the 
restrictions is reasonable in respect to length of time, geographic area 
and scope of prohibited activities, and that the restrictions are neither 
overly restrictive on your post-employment activity nor overly burdensome 
for you to abide by.  You covenant that you will not make any contention 
contrary to any of the foregoing representations in the future and agree 
that you will be estopped to deny or contradict the truth or accuracy of 
these representations.  If, however, the time, geographic and/or scope of 
activity restrictions set forth in Section 7 are found by an arbitrator or 
court to exceed the standards deemed enforceable, the arbitrator or court, 
as applicable, is empowered and directed to modify the restriction(s) to 
the extent necessary to make them enforceable.  Notwithstanding anything to 
the contrary herein, nothing in this Agreement shall be construed to 
prohibit any activity that cannot reasonably be construed to further in any 
meaningful way any actual or potential competition against the Company or 
an Affiliate.

(g) Enforcement.  You acknowledge that damages at law would not be a 
measurable or adequate remedy for breach of the covenants contained in this 
Section 7 and, accordingly, you agree to submit to the equitable 
jurisdiction of any court of competent jurisdiction in connection with any 
action to enjoin you from violating any such covenants.  If the Company is 
successful in whole or in part in any legal, equitable, or arbitration 
action against you in connection with the enforcement of the covenants 
included in this Section 7, the Company shall be entitled to payment of all 
costs, including reasonable attorney's fees, from you.  If, on the other 
hand, it is finally determined by a court of competent jurisdiction that a 
breach or threatened breach did not occur under Section 7 of this 
Agreement, the Company shall reimburse you for reasonable legal fees 
incurred to defend the claim.  In the event legal action is commenced with 
respect to the provisions of this Section 7 and you have not strictly 
observed the restrictions set forth in this Section 7, then the restricted 
periods described in Paragraphs (a) and (b) shall begin to run anew from 
the date of any Final Determination of such legal action.  "Final 
Determination" shall mean the expiration of time to file any possible 
appeal from a final judgment in such legal action or, if an appeal be 
taken, the final determination of the final appellate proceeding.  All the 
provisions of this Section 7 will survive termination and expiration of 
this Agreement.

(h) Change in Control.  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained 
in this Agreement, in the event of a Change in Control, the restrictions 
imposed by paragraphs (a) and (b) of this Section 7 will apply to you after 
you cease to be employed by the Company or its successor only if your 
employment is terminated without Cause or for Good Reason, thereby 
entitling you to the severance benefits described in Section 6(a).

(i) Notice.  During the twenty-four (24) month period following the date of 
termination, you shall provide the Company with at least ten days written 
notice before the starting date of any employment, identifying the 
prospective employer and its affiliated companies and the job description, 
including a description of the proposed geographic market area associated 
with the new position.  You shall notify in writing any new employer of the 
existence of the restrictive covenants set forth in Section 7 of this 
Agreement.

8. Dispute Resolution.

(a) If a dispute arises out of or relates to this Agreement, or the breach 
thereof, and if the dispute cannot be settled through negotiation, the 
parties agree first to try in good faith to settle the dispute by mediation 
before resorting to arbitration in accordance with Section 8(b) hereof.  
The parties agree to use a mediation firm and to convene the mediation in 
Warrenton, Virginia.  The fees for the mediation will be borne equally by 
the parties.

(b) Except as provided in Section 8(c) below and to the extent any dispute 
is not resolved through mediation as provided in Section 8(a), any dispute, 
controversy or claim arising out of or related to this Agreement, or any 
breach thereof, shall be submitted to and decided by binding arbitration to 
be held in Warrenton, Virginia.  The arbitration shall be administered and 
conducted by a mediation firm according to its standard arbitration rules 
governing at the time one of the parties initiates a claim.  The fees for 
the arbitration services shall be borne equally by the parties, unless 
otherwise agreed.  The law of the Commonwealth of Virginia shall govern.  
Either party may initiate arbitration pursuant to this Agreement by 
delivering a copy of this Agreement to a mediation firm with a request that 
arbitration be initiated.  Such requests shall the claim (including relief 
sought) giving rise to the arbitration.  The decision of the arbitrator(s) 
shall be final, conclusive and binding on the parties to the arbitration.  
Judgment may be entered on the arbitrator's decision in any court having 
jurisdiction.  The party against whom the arbitrator(s) shall render an 
award shall pay the other party's reasonable attorneys' fees and other 
reasonable costs and expenses in connection with the enforcement of its 
rights under this Agreement (including the enforcement of any arbitration 
award in court), unless and to the extent the arbitrator(s) shall determine 
that under the circumstances recovery by the prevailing party of all or a 
part of any such fees and costs and expenses would be unjust.

(c) The parties may apply to any court of competent jurisdiction for a 
temporary restraining order, preliminary injunction, or other interim or 
conservatory relief, as necessary, without breach of this arbitration 
agreement and without abridgment of the powers of the arbitrator(s).

9. Non-disparagment.  You will not at any time during or after the 
Employment Period make, publish or communicate to any person or entity or 
in any public forum any defamatory or disparaging remarks, comments or 
statements concerning the Company or its business, or any of its directors, 
employees, customers, and other associated third parties.  This Section 9 
does not, in any way, restrict or impede you from exercising protected 
rights to the extent that such rights cannot be waived by agreement or from 
complying with any applicable law or regulation or a valid order of a court 
of competent jurisdiction or an authorized government agency, provided that 
such compliance does not exceed that required by law, regulation or order.  
You shall promptly provide written notice of any such order to the Company. 
 The Company will cause its officers and directors to refrain from making, 
publishing or communicating, at any time during or after the Employment 
Period, to any person or entity or in any public forum any defamatory or 
disparaging remarks, comments or statements concerning you.

10. Stock Ownership Requirements.  During the Employment Period, you will 
be expected to maintain ownership of Company common stock in accordance 
with the guidelines established by the Board of Directors from time to 
time.  You will be required to meet this ownership requirement within five 
years after the commencement of your employment.

11. Miscellaneous.

(a) Severability.  If any clause or provision of this Agreement is held to 
be illegal, invalid or unenforceable under present or future laws effective 
during the term hereof, then the remainder of this Agreement shall not be 
affected thereby, and in lieu of each clause or provision of this Agreement 
which is illegal, invalid or unenforceable, there shall be added, as part 
of this Agreement, a clause or provision as similar in terms to such 
illegal, invalid or unenforceable clause or provision as may be possible 
and as may be legal, valid and enforceable.

(b) Applicable Law.  This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in 
accordance with the laws of the Commonwealth of Virginia, without regard to 
its conflicts of law principles.

(c) Entire Agreement; Amendments.  This Agreement contains the entire 
agreement between the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and 
supersedes all prior agreements and understandings, oral or written, 
between the parties.  This Agreement may be amended only by an agreement 
signed by the parties hereto.

(d) Waiver.  The rights and remedies of the parties to this Agreement are 
cumulative and not alternative.  Neither the failure nor any delay by 
either party in exercising, in whole or in part, any right, power, or 
privilege under this Agreement will operate as a waiver of such right, 
power, or privilege.

(e) Binding Effect; Survival; No Mitigation.  This Agreement is binding 
upon and shall inure to the benefit of the parties and their respective 
successors, heirs and assigns, provided that no part of this Agreement is 
assignable by you.  The Company will require any successor (whether direct 
or indirect, by purchase, merger or otherwise) to all or substantially all 
of the business and/or assets of the Company to assume expressly and agree 
to perform this Agreement in the same manner and to the same extent that 
the Company would be required to perform it if no such succession had taken 
place.  Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, upon the termination 
or expiration of this Agreement the respective rights and obligations of 
the parties hereto shall survive such termination or expiration to the 
extent necessary to carry out the intentions of the parties set forth in 
this Agreement, including but not by way of limitation the restrictive 
covenants applicable to you set forth in Section 7 hereof.  You shall not 
be required to mitigate the amount of any payment or benefit the Company 
becomes obligated to make or provide to you in connection with this 
Agreement, by seeking other employment or otherwise.

(f) No Construction Against Any Party.  This Agreement is the product of 
informed negotiations between parties.  If any part of this Agreement is 
deemed to be unclear or ambiguous, it shall be construed as if it were 
drafted jointly by all parties.  The parties agree neither party was in a 
superior bargaining position regarding the substantive terms of this 
Agreement.

(g) Section 409A Compliance.  This Agreement is intended to comply with 
Section 409A of the Code or an exemption thereunder and shall be construed 
and administered in accordance with Section 409A.  Notwithstanding any 
other provision of this Agreement, payments provided under this Agreement 
may only be made upon an event and in a manner that complies with Section 
409A or an applicable exemption.  Any payments under this Agreement that 
may be excluded from Section 409A either as separation pay due to an 
involuntary separation from service or as a short-term deferral shall be 
excluded from Section 409A to the maximum extent possible.  For purposes of 
Section 409A, each installment payment provided under this Agreement shall 
be treated as a separate payment.  Any payments to be made under this 
Agreement upon a termination of employment shall only be made upon a 
"separation from service" under Section 409A.  Notwithstanding the 
foregoing, the Company makes no representations that the payments and 
benefits provided under this Agreement comply with Section 409A and in no 
event shall the Company be liable for all or any portion of any taxes, 
penalties, interest or other expenses that may be incurred by you on 
account of non-compliance with Section 409A.

Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, if any payment or 
benefit provided to you in connection with your termination of employment 
is determined to constitute "nonqualified deferred compensation" within the 
meaning of Section 409A and you are determined to be a "specified employee" 
as defined in Section 409A(a)(2)(b)(i), then such payment or benefit shall 
not be paid until the first payroll date to occur following the six-month 
anniversary of the date of termination (the "Specified Employee Payment 
Date").  The aggregate of any payments that would otherwise have been paid 
before the Specified Employee Payment Date shall be paid to you in a lump 
sum on the Specified Employee Payment Date and thereafter, any remaining 
payments shall be paid without delay in accordance with their original 
schedule.

(h) Clawback.  You agree that any incentive based compensation or award 
that you receive, or have received, from the Company or any Affiliate under 
this Agreement or otherwise, will be subject to clawback by the Company as 
may be required by applicable law or stock exchange listing requirement and 
on such basis as the Board of Directors of the Company determines, but in 
no event with a look-back period of more than three years, unless required 
by applicable law or stock exchange listing requirement.

(i) Documents.  All documents, records, tapes and other media of any kind 
or description relating to the business of the Company or its Affiliates 
(the "Documents"), whether or not prepared by you, shall be the sole and 
exclusive property of the Company.  The Documents, and any copies, shall be 
returned to the Company upon your termination of employment for any reason 
or at such earlier time as the Board of Directors of the Company or its 
designees may specify.

(j) Notices.  Notices and all other communications required to be delivered 
under this Agreement shall be in writing and shall delivered personally or 
sent by mail or overnight carrier addressed, in the case of the Company, to 
both the Chairman of the Board of the Company and the head of the Company's 
human resources function at the Company's principal corporate offices and, 
in your case, to you at your address as shown in the records of the 
Company.  Either party may designate another address in writing (or by such 
other method approved by the Company) from time to time.

(k) Acknowledgement of Full Understanding.  YOU ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE: (i) 
THAT YOU HAVE FULLY READ, UNDERSTAND AND ARE VOLUNTARILY ENTERING INTO THIS 
AGREEMENT; AND (ii) THAT, YOU HAVE HAD AN OPPORTUNITY TO ASK QUESTIONS AND 
CONSULT WITH AN ATTORNEY OF YOUR CHOICE BEFORE SIGNING THIS AGREEMENT.


------------------------------------------------------------------------

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have duly executed this Agreement on 
the day and year first above written.


FAUQUIER BANKSHARES, INC.


By: /s/ John B. Adams Jr.
John B. Adams, Jr.
Chairman of the Board



THE FAUQUIER BANK


By: /s/ John B. Adams Jr. John B. Adams, Jr.
Chairman of the Board




/s/ Christine E. Headly  
Christine E. Headly