 EX-10.9 14 filename14.htm
Exhibit 10.9
 
THIS NOTE HAS NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS 
AMENDED (THE "SECURITIES ACT"). THIS NOTE HAS BEEN ACQUIRED FOR INVESTMENT 
ONLY AND MAY NOT BE SOLD, TRANSFERRED OR ASSIGNED IN THE ABSENCE OF 
REGISTRATION OF THE RESALE THEREOF UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR AN OPINION 
OF COUNSEL REASONABLY SATISFACTORY IN FORM, SCOPE AND SUBSTANCE TO THE 
MAKER THAT SUCH REGISTRATION IS NOT REQUIRED.
 
PROMISSORY NOTE
 
July 31, 2016
 
$500,000	Issue Date: [DATE]
No. A-1	New York, New York
 
FinTech Acquisition Corp. II (the "Maker") promises to pay to the order of 
FinTech Investor Holdings II, LLC (the "Payee") the principal sum of up to 
Five Hundred Thousand ($500,000) in lawful money of the United States of 
America, on the terms and conditions described below.
 
1. Principal. The principal balance of this Note shall be repayable on 
earlier of (the “Maturity Date”) (a) the date on which Maker consummates 
its initial public offering (“IPO”) and (b) June 30, 2017.
 
2. Interest. This Note shall bear no interest.
 
3. Application of Payments. All payments shall be applied first to payment 
in full of any costs incurred in the collection of any sum due under this 
Note, including (without limitation) reasonable attorneys' fees, then to 
the payment in full of any late charges and finally to the reduction of the 
unpaid principal balance of this Note.
 
4. Events of Default. The following shall constitute Events of Default:
 
(a) Failure to Make Required Payments. Failure by Maker to pay the 
principal of, or other payments on, this Note within five (5) business days 
following the date when due.
 
5. Remedies.
 
(a) Upon the occurrence of an Event of Default specified in Section 4(a), 
Payee may, by written notice to Maker, declare this Note to be due and 
payable, whereupon the principal amount of this Note, and all other amounts 
payable under this Note, shall become immediately due and payable without 
presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind, all of which are 
hereby expressly waived, anything contained herein or in the documents 
evidencing the same to the contrary notwithstanding.
 
6. Waivers. Maker and all endorsers and guarantors of, and sureties for, 
this Note waive presentment for payment, demand, notice of dishonor, 
protest, and notice of protest with regard to this Note, all errors, 
defects and imperfections in any proceedings instituted by Payee under the 
terms of this Note, and all benefits that might accrue to Maker by virtue 
of any present or future laws exempting any property, real or personal, or 
any part of the proceeds arising from any sale of any such property, from 
attachment, levy or sale under execution, or providing for any stay of 
execution, exemption from civil process, or extension of time for payment; 
and Maker agrees that any real estate that may be levied upon pursuant to a 
judgment obtained by virtue hereof, on any writ of execution issued hereon, 
may be sold upon any such writ in whole or in part in any order desired by 
Payee.
 
7. Unconditional Liability. Maker hereby waives all notices in connection 
with the delivery, acceptance, performance, default, or enforcement of the 
payment of this Note, and agrees that its liability shall be unconditional, 
without regard to the liability of any other party, and shall not be 
affected in any manner by any indulgence, extension of time, renewal, 
waiver or modification granted or consented to by Payee, and consents to 
any and all extensions of time, renewals, waivers, or modifications that 
may be granted by Payee with respect to the payment or other provisions of 
this Note, and agrees that additional makers, endorsers, guarantors, or 
sureties may become parties hereto without notice to them or affecting 
their liability hereunder.
 

 

 

 
8. Notices. Any notice called for hereunder shall be deemed properly given 
if (i) sent by certified mail, return receipt requested, (ii) personally 
delivered, (iii) dispatched by any form of private or governmental express 
mail or delivery service providing receipted delivery, (iv) sent by 
facsimile or (v) sent by e-mail, to the following addresses or to such 
other address as either party may designate by notice in accordance with 
this Section:
 
If to Maker:
 
FinTech Acquisition Corp. II
 
2929 Arch Street, Suite 1703
Philadelphia, PA 19104
Attention: James McEntee
Email: jmce@stbwell.com
 
If to Payee:
 
FinTech Investor Holdings II, LLC
712 Fifth Avenue
8th Floor
New York, New York 10019
Attention: Daniel Cohen
Email: dcohen@thebancorp.com
 
Notice shall be deemed given on the earlier of (i) actual receipt by the 
receiving party, (ii) the date shown on a telefacsimile transmission 
confirmation, (iii) the date on which an e-mail transmission was received 
by the receiving party's on-line access provider, (iv) the date reflected 
on a signed delivery receipt, or (vi) two (2) business days following 
tender of delivery or dispatch by express mail or delivery service.
 
9. Construction. THIS NOTE SHALL BE CONSTRUED AND ENFORCED IN ACCORDANCE 
WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK, WITHOUT REGARD TO CONFLICT OF LAW 
PROVISIONS THEREOF.
 
10. Severability. Any provision contained in this Note which is prohibited 
or unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall, as to such jurisdiction, be 
ineffective to the extent of such prohibition or unenforceability without 
invalidating the remaining provisions hereof, and any such prohibition or 
unenforceability in any jurisdiction shall not invalidate or render 
unenforceable such provision in any other jurisdiction.
 
11. Trust Waiver. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the 
Payee hereby waives any and all right, title, interest or claim of any kind 
("Claim") in or to any distribution of the trust account (other than 
interest income earned on such trust account) in which will be deposited 
the proceeds of Maker’s IPO and the proceeds of the sale of the securities 
issued in a private placement to be consummated concurrently with the 
completion of the Maker’s IPO, and hereby agrees not to seek recourse, 
reimbursement, payment or satisfaction for any Claim against the trust 
account (other than interest income earned on such trust account) for any 
reason whatsoever.
 
12. Amendment; Waiver. Any amendment hereto or waiver of any provision 
hereof may be made with, and only with, the written consent of the Maker 
and the Payee.
 
13. Assignment. No assignment or transfer of this Note or any rights or 
obligations hereunder may be made by any party hereto (by operation of law 
or otherwise) without the prior written consent of the other party hereto 
and any attempted assignment without the required consent shall be void.
 
[Signature Page Follows]
 

  	2 	 

 

 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Maker, intending to be legally bound hereby, has caused 
this Note to be duly executed the day and year first above written.
 
  	FINTECH ACQUISITION CORP. II
  	  	 
  	By: 	/s/ James J. McEntee, III
  	Name: 	James J. McEntee, III
  	Title: 	President and Chief Financial Officer
 
 
 
 
 
[Signature Page – Promissory Note]
 
 
3
 
 