 EX-10.1 2 exhibit101-firstamendmentc.htm EXHIBIT 10.1 - FIRST AMENDMENT TO 
CREDIT AGREEMENT

FIRST AMENDMENT


dated as of January 3, 2017


to the


CREDIT AGREEMENT


dated as of 


June 12, 2015


among


MOLINA HEALTHCARE, INC.,


as the Borrower


THE SUBSIDIARIES OF THE BORROWER IDENTIFIED HEREIN,
as the Guarantors


THE LENDERS FROM TIME TO TIME PARTY HERETO,




SUNTRUST BANK,


as Administrative Agent, Swingline Lender and Issuing Bank


BANK OF AMERICA, N.A.,
MUFG UNION BANK, N.A.,
and
WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION,
as Co-Syndication Agents


and


BARCLAYS BANK PLC,
and
JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A.
as Co-Documentation Agents

Arranged By:

SUNTRUST ROBINSON HUMPHREY, INC.,
MERRILL LYNCH, PIERCE, FENNER & SMITH INCORPORATED,
MUFG UNION BANK, N.A.
WELLS FARGO SECURITIES, LLC,
BARCLAYS BANK PLC,
and
JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A.
as Joint Lead Arrangers and Joint Bookrunners

------------------------------------------------------------------------

FIRST AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT

THIS FIRST AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT, dated as of January 3, 2017 (this 
“Amendment”), is entered into among Molina Healthcare, Inc., a Delaware 
corporation (the “Borrower”), the Guarantors party hereto, the Lenders 
identified on the signature pages hereto, and SunTrust Bank, in its 
capacities as Administrative Agent, Issuing Bank and Swingline Lender (the 
“Administrative Agent”). Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise 
defined shall have the meanings ascribed thereto in the Credit Agreement 
(as defined below).

RECITALS

WHEREAS, the Borrower, the Guarantors, the Lenders and the Administrative 
Agent are parties to that certain Credit Agreement, dated as of June 12, 
2015 (as amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to 
time, the “Credit Agreement”);

WHEREAS, the Borrower has requested an increase to the Aggregate Revolving 
Commitments and certain other modifications to the Credit Agreement; and

WHEREAS, (i) certain Lenders, including each New Lender (as defined below) 
have agreed to provide the Revolving Commitment Increase (as defined below) 
and (ii) the Lenders, including each New Lender, have agreed to such other 
requested amendments, subject to the terms and conditions herein;

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the agreements contained herein, and 
for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of 
which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto agree as follows:

AGREEMENT

1.    Amendments to the Credit Agreement. The Credit Agreement, other than 
the schedules and exhibits thereto, is amended in its entirety to read in 
the form of such Credit Agreement attached hereto as Exhibit A to this 
Amendment.

2.    Increase in Revolving Commitments.

      (a)    Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, the
      Aggregate Revolving Commitments are increased by an aggregate
      principal amount of $250,000,000 (“Revolving Commitment Increase”)
      and each Lender agrees that its Revolving Commitment is increased by
      the amount set forth on Schedule 1 hereto.

      (b)    Immediately after giving effect to the Revolving Commitment
      Increase, the participations in Letters of Credit and Swingline Loans
      shall be reallocated among the Lenders with Revolving Commitments
      such that each Lender with a Revolving Commitment holds its Pro Rata
      Share of outstanding participation interests in Letters of Credit and
      Swingline Loans.

      (c)    Immediately after giving effect to the increase in the
      Aggregate Revolving Commitments, each Lender that has agreed to
      provide a portion of the Revolving Commitment Increase, shall make
      Revolving Loans, the proceeds of which shall be applied by the
      Administrative Agent to prepay Revolving Loans of the existing
      Lenders, in an amount necessary such that after giving effect thereto
      each Lender with a Revolving Commitment holds its Pro Rata Share of

------------------------------------------------------------------------

      outstanding Revolving Loans and the Borrower shall pay any amounts
      required pursuant to Section 2.19 of the Credit Agreement as a result
      of such prepayment.

      (d)    The Revolving Commitment Increase shall not be deemed to be an
      increase in the Aggregate Revolving Commitments as set forth in
      Section 2.23 of the Credit Agreement. The aggregate amount of
      increases to the Aggregate Revolving Commitments or Incremental Term
      Loans available to be incurred under Section 2.23 of the Credit
      Agreement after giving effect to this Amendment is $150,000,000.

      (e)    From and after the date hereof, each Person identified on the
      signature pages hereto as a “Lender” that is not a party to the
      Credit Agreement immediately prior to giving effect to this Amendment
      (each, a “New Lender”) shall be deemed to be a party to the Credit
      Agreement and a “Lender” for all purposes of the Credit Agreement and
      the other Loan Documents.

3.    Effectiveness; Conditions Precedent. This Amendment shall be 
effective as of the date on which all of the conditions set forth in this 
Section 3 have been satisfied:

      (a)    receipt by the Administrative Agent of a counterpart of this
      Amendment by or on behalf of each party hereto;

      (b)    receipt by the Administrative Agent of a certificate of the
      secretary or assistant secretary of each Loan Party, attaching and
      certifying copies of resolutions of its board of directors (or
      equivalent governing body), authorizing the execution, delivery and
      performance of this Amendment;


      (c)    receipt by the Administrative Agent of favorable written
      opinions of counsel to the Loan Parties, addressed to the
      Administrative Agent and each Lender (including New Lenders) and
      dated as of the date of this Amendment, in form and substance
      satisfactory to the Administrative Agent;


      (d)    receipt by the Administrative Agent of evidence that the
      Released Guarantors have been released from their guaranty
      obligations under the 2020 Convertible Notes;


      (e)    receipt by the Administrative Agent of a certificate of a
      Responsible Officer of the Borrower certifying that none of the
      Released Guarantors constitute a Material Domestic Subsidiary as of
      the date hereof; and


      (f)    the Administrative Agent shall have received payment of all
      fees, expenses and other amounts due and payable on or prior to the
      date hereof, including without limitation reimbursement or payment of
      all out-of-pocket expenses of the Administrative Agent (including
      reasonable fees, charges and disbursements of counsel to the
      Administrative Agent) required to be reimbursed or paid by the
      Borrower hereunder and under any agreement with the Administrative
      Agent or the Arrangers.


4.    Release of Guarantors. The Lenders hereby consent to and approve the 
release of each of the Guarantors set forth on Exhibit B hereto (the “
Released Guarantors”) from all of their obligations as a Guarantor under 
the Credit Agreement and the other Loan Documents.


 
 
 
 
 


3

------------------------------------------------------------------------

5.    Amendment is a “Loan Document”. This Amendment shall be deemed to be, 
and is, a Loan Document and all references to a “Loan Document” in the 
Credit Agreement and the other Loan Documents (including, without 
limitation, all such references in the representations and warranties in 
the Credit Agreement and the other Loan Documents) shall be deemed to 
include this Amendment.

6.    Representations and Warranties; No Default. Each Loan Party hereby 
represents and warrants to the Administrative Agent, each Lender, the 
Swingline Lender and the Issuing Bank that, immediately after giving effect 
to this Amendment, (a) the representations and warranties of each Loan 
Party contained in the Credit Agreement, any other Loan Document, or any 
document furnished at any time under or in connection with the Credit 
Agreement or any other Loan Document, are true and correct in all material 
respects (other than any representation and warranty that is expressly 
qualified by materiality, in which case such representation and warranty is 
true and correct in all respects) on and as of the date hereof, except to 
the extent that such representations and warranties specifically refer to 
an earlier date, in which case they are true and correct in all material 
respects (other than any representation and warranty that is expressly 
qualified by materiality, in which case such representation and warranty is 
true and correct in all respects) as of such earlier date and (b) no 
Default or Event of Default exists.

7.    Reaffirmation of Obligations. Each Loan Party (a) acknowledges and 
consents to all of the terms and conditions of this Amendment, (b) affirms 
all of its obligations under the Loan Documents (as amended by this 
Amendment) and (c) agrees that this Amendment and all documents, agreements 
and instruments executed in connection with this Amendment do not operate 
to reduce or discharge such Loan Party’s obligations under the Loan 
Documents (except to the extent such obligations are modified pursuant to 
this Amendment).

8.    No Other Changes. Except as modified hereby, all of the terms and 
provisions of the Loan Documents shall remain in full force and effect.

9.    Counterparts; Delivery. This Amendment may be executed by one or more 
of the parties to this Amendment on any number of separate counterparts, 
and all of said counterparts taken together shall be deemed to constitute 
one and the same instrument. Delivery of an executed counterpart of a 
signature page of this Amendment by facsimile transmission or by any other 
electronic imaging means (including .pdf), shall be effective as delivery 
of a manually executed counterpart of this Amendment.

10.    Fees and Expenses. The Loan Parties agree to pay all reasonable 
out-of-pocket fees and expenses of the Administrative Agent in connection 
with the preparation, execution and delivery of this Amendment, including 
without limitation the reasonable fees and expenses of Moore & Van Allen, 
PLLC, counsel to the Administrative Agent.

11.    Governing Law. THIS AMENDMENT AND ANY CLAIMS, CONTROVERSY, DISPUTE 
OR CAUSE OF ACTION (WHETHER IN CONTRACT OR TORT OR OTHERWISE) BASED UPON, 
ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AMENDMENT AND THE TRANSACTIONS 
CONTEMPLATED HEREBY SHALL BE CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH AND BE GOVERNED 
BY THE LAW (WITHOUT GIVING EFFECT TO THE CONFLICT OF LAW PRINCIPLES THEREOF 
EXCEPT FOR SECTIONS 5-1401 AND 5-1402 OF THE NEW YORK GENERAL OBLIGATIONS 
LAW) OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK.

[SIGNATURE PAGES FOLLOW]


4

------------------------------------------------------------------------


IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Amendment to be 
duly executed as of the date first above written.


BORROWER:
MOLINA HEALTHCARE, INC.,
                                    a Delaware corporation


                                    By:
                                    /s/ John C. Molina
                                    Name: John C. Molina
                                    Title: Chief Financial Officer




GUARANTORS:
MOLINA INFORMATION SYSTEMS, LLC,
                                    a California limited liability company
                                                                  

                                    By:
                                    /s/ John C. Molina
                                    Name: John C. Molina
                                    Title: Chief Financial Officer

                                    MOLINA PATHWAYS LLC,
                                    a Delaware limited liability company

                                        

                                    By:
                                    /s/ John C. Molina
                                    Name: John C. Molina
                                    Title: Chief Financial Officer

                                    PATHWAYS HEALTH AND COMMUNITY SUPPORT
                                    LLC,
                                    a Delaware limited liability company

                                        

                                    By:
                                    /s/ Joseph W. White
                                    Name: Joseph W. White
                                    Title: Vice President


MOLINA HEALTHCARE, INC.
FIRST AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT

------------------------------------------------------------------------


ADMINISTRATIVE
SUNTRUST BANK,
AGENT:
as Administrative Agent
                                        

                                    By:
                                    /s/ Katherine Bass
                                    Name: Katherine Bass
                                    Title: Director

LENDERS:
SUNTRUST BANK,
                                    as Issuing Bank, as Swingline Lender
                                    and as a Lender


                                    By:
                                    /s/ Katherine Bass
                              Name: Katherine Bass
                                    Title: Director

                                    BANK OF AMERICA, N.A.,
                                    as a Lender    
                                                        

                                    By:
                                    /s/ Amie L. Edwards
                              Name: Amie L. Edwards
                                    Title: Senior Vice President

WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION.,
                                    as a Lender    
                                                        

                                    By:
                                    /s/ Matthew Olson
                              Name: Matthew Olson
                                    Title: Director

                              BOKF, N.A dba BANK OF ALBUQUERQUE,
                                    as a Lender
                                                            

                                    By:
                                    /s/ Clint Miller
                              Name: Clint Miller
                              Title: AVP, Relationship Manager

EAST WEST BANK,
                                    as a Lender
                                                            

                                    By:
                                    /s/ Amy Chan
                              Name: Amy Chan
                                    Title: Senior Vice President

[Signature pages continue]


MOLINA HEALTHCARE, INC.
FIRST AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT

------------------------------------------------------------------------


MUFG UNION BANK, N.A.,
                                    as a Lender
                                                            

                                    By:
                                    /s/ Teuta Ghilaga
                              Name: Teuta Ghilaga
                                    Title: Director

UBS AG, STAMFORD BRANCH,
                                    as a Lender
                                                            

                                    By:
                                    /s/ Kenneth Chin
                              Name: Kenneth Chin                    
                                    Title: Director, Banking Products
                                    Services, US


                                    By:
                                    /s/ Darlene Arias
                              Name: Darlene Arias
                                    Title: Director

U.S. BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION,
                                    as a Lender


                                    By:
                                    /s/ David C. Mruk
                              Name: David C. Mruk
                                    Title: SVP

BARCLAYS BANK PLC,
                                    as a Lender


                                    By:
                                    /s/ May Huang
                              Name: May Huang
                                    Title: Assistant Vice President

                              JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A.,
                              as a Lender


                                    By:
                                    /s/ Danielle D. Babine
                              Name: Danielle D. Babine
                                    Title: Vice President


[Signature pages continue]

                               


MOLINA HEALTHCARE, INC.
FIRST AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT

------------------------------------------------------------------------


                              MORGAN STANLEY SENIOR FUNDING, INC.,
                              as a Lender


                                    By:
                                    /s/ Matthew Whitman
                              Name: Matthew Whitman
                                    Title: Executive Director

MOLINA HEALTHCARE, INC.
FIRST AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT

------------------------------------------------------------------------


EXHIBIT A


TO THE FIRST AMENDMENT


TO THE


CREDIT AGREEMENT


dated as of 


June 12, 2015


among


MOLINA HEALTHCARE, INC.,


as the Borrower


THE SUBSIDIARIES OF THE BORROWER IDENTIFIED HEREIN,
as the Guarantors




THE LENDERS FROM TIME TO TIME PARTY HERETO,




SUNTRUST BANK,


as Administrative Agent, Swingline Lender and Issuing Bank







------------------------------------------------------------------------

TABLE OF CONTENTS
    

 
 
 
Page
 
 
 
 
ARTICLE I    DEFINITIONS; CONSTRUCTION
1
 
 
 
 
 
Section 1.1.    Definitions
1
 
 
 
 
 
Section 1.2.    Classifications of Loans and Borrowings
31
 
 
 
 
 
Section 1.3.    Accounting Terms and Determination
31
 
 
 
 
 
Section 1.4.    Terms Generally
32
 
 
 
 
 
Section 1.5.     Letter of Credit Amounts
32
 
 
 
 
 
Section 1.6.    Times of Day
32
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


ARTICLE II    AMOUNT AND TERMS OF THE COMMITMENTS
32
 
 
 
 
 
Section 2.1.    General Description of Facilities
32
 
 
 
 
 
Section 2.2.    Revolving Loans
32
 
 
 
 
 
Section 2.3.    Procedure for Revolving Borrowings
33
 
 
 
 
 
Section 2.4.    Swingline Commitment
33
 
 
 
 
 
Section 2.5.    Reserved
34
 
 
 
 
 
Section 2.6.    Funding of Borrowings
34
 
 
 
 
 
Section 2.7.    Interest Elections
35
 
 
 
 
 
Section 2.8.    Optional Reduction and Termination of Commitments
36
 
 
 
 
 
Section 2.9.    Repayment of Loans
36
 
 
 
 
 
Section 2.10.    Evidence of Indebtedness
37
 
 
 
 
 
Section 2.11.    Optional Prepayments
37
 
 
 
 
 
Section 2.12.    Mandatory Prepayments
38
 
 
 
 
 
Section 2.13.    Interest on Loans
38
 
 
 
 
 
Section 2.14.    Fees
39
 
 
 
 
 
Section 2.15.    Computation of Interest and Fees
40
 
 
 
 
 
Section 2.16.    Inability to Determine Interest Rates
40
 
 
 
 
 
Section 2.17.    Illegality
40
 
 
 
 
 
Section 2.18.    Increased Costs
42
 
 
 
 
 
Section 2.19.    Funding Indemnity
43
 
 
 
 
 
Section 2.20.    Taxes
43
 
 
 
 
 
Section 2.21.    Payments Generally; Pro Rata Treatment; Sharing of 
Set-offs
47
 
 
 
 
 
Section 2.22.    Letters of Credit
48
 
 
 
 
 
Section 2.23.    Increase of Commitments; Additional Lenders
53
 
 
 
 


i
------------------------------------------------------------------------


 
Section 2.24.    Mitigation of Obligations
54
 
 
 
 
 
Section 2.25.    Replacement of Lenders
55
 
 
 
 
 
Section 2.26.    Reallocation and Cash Collateralization of Defaulting 
Lender Commitment
55
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


ARTICLE III    CONDITIONS PRECEDENT TO LOANS AND LETTERS OF CREDIT
56
 
 
 
 
 
Section 3.1    Reserved
56
 
 
 
 
 
Section 3.2.    Each Credit Event
56
 
 
 
 
 
Section 3.3    Delivery of Documents
57
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


ARTICLE IV    REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES
57
 
 
 
 
 
Section 4.1.    Existence; Power
57
 
 
 
 
 
Section 4.2.    Organizational Power; Authorization
58
 
 
 
 
 
Section 4.3.    Governmental Approvals; No Conflicts
58
 
 
 
 
 
Section 4.4.    Financial Statements
58
 
 
 
 
 
Section 4.5.    Litigation and Environmental Matters
58
 
 
 
 
 
Section 4.6.    Compliance with Laws and Agreements
59
 
 
 
 
 
Section 4.7.    No Default
59
 
 
 
 
 
Section 4.8.    Investment Company Act, Etc.
59
 
 
 
 
 
Section 4.9.    Taxes
60
 
 
 
 
Section 4.10.    Margin Regulations
60
 
 
 
 
 
Section 4.11.    ERISA
60
 
 
 
 
 
Section 4.12.    Ownership of Property
60
 
 
 
 
 
Section 4.13.    Disclosure
61
 
 
 
 
 
Section 4.14.    Labor Relations
61
 
 
 
 
 
Section 4.15.    Subsidiaries
61
 
 
 
 
 
Section 4.16.    Solvency
61
 
 
 
 
 
Section 4.17.    Reserved.
61
 
 
 
 
 
Section 4.18.    Licensing and Accreditation.
61
 
 
 
 
 
Section 4.19.    Anti-Corruption Laws and Sanctions
62
 
 
 
 
 
Section 4.20.    Subordination of Subordinated Debt.
62
 
 
 
 
 
Section 4.21.    Medicare and Medicaid Notices and Filings Related to 
Business.    
62
 
 
 
 
 
Section 4.22.    No EEA Financial Institutions.
63
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


ARTICLE V    AFFIRMATIVE COVENANTS
63
 
 
 
 
 
Section 5.1.    Financial Statements and Other Information
63
 
 
 
 


ii
------------------------------------------------------------------------


 
Section 5.2.    Notices of Material Events
65
 
 
 
 
 
Section 5.3.    Existence; Conduct of Business
66
 
 
 
 
 
Section 5.4.    Compliance with Laws, Etc.
66
 
 
 
 
 
Section 5.5.    Payment of Obligations
66
 
 
 
 
 
Section 5.6.    Books and Records
66
 
 
 
 
 
Section 5.7.    Visitation, Inspection, Etc.
67
 
 
 
 
 
Section 5.8.    Maintenance of Properties; Insurance
67
 
 
 
 
 
Section 5.9.    Use of Proceeds; Margin Regulations
67
 
 
 
 
 
Section 5.10.    Additional Subsidiaries; Guarantees
67
 
 
 
 
 
Section 5.11.    Material Licenses
68
 
 
 
 
 
Section 5.12.    Unrestricted Subsidiaries
68
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


ARTICLE VI    FINANCIAL COVENANTS
68
 
 
 
 
 
Section 6.1.    Consolidated Net Leverage Ratio
69
 
 
 
 
 
Section 6.2.    Consolidated Interest Coverage Ratio
69
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


ARTICLE VII    NEGATIVE COVENANTS
69
 
 
 
 
 
Section 7.1.    Indebtedness and Preferred Equity.
69
 
 
 
 
 
Section 7.2.    Negative Pledge
71
 
 
 
 
 
Section 7.3.    Fundamental Changes
71
 
 
 
 
 
Section 7.4.    Investments, Loans, Etc.
72
 
 
 
 
 
Section 7.5.    Restricted Payments
73
 
 
 
 
 
Section 7.6.    Sale of Assets
74
 
 
 
 
 
Section 7.7.    Transactions with Affiliates
74
 
 
 
 
 
Section 7.8.    Restrictive Agreements
74
 
 
 
 
 
Section 7.9.    Reserved
75
 
 
 
 
 
Section 7.10.    Hedging Transactions
75
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Section 7.11.    Reserved.
75
 
 
 
 
 
Section 7.12.    Amendment to Organization Documents
75
 
 
 
 
 
Section 7.13. Amendments and Prepayment of Other Indebtedness.
75
 
 
 
 
 
Section 7.14.    Accounting Changes
76
 
 
 
 
 
Section 7.15.    Government Regulation
76
 
 
 
 
 
Section 7.16.    Ownership of Subsidiaries
76
 
 
 
 
 
Section 7.17.    Use of Proceeds
76
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


iii
------------------------------------------------------------------------



ARTICLE VIII    EVENTS OF DEFAULT
76
 
 
 
 
 
Section 8.1.    Events of Default
77
 
 
 
 
 
Section 8.2.    Application of Funds
79
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


ARTICLE IX    THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT
80
 
 
 
 
 
Section 9.1.    Appointment of Administrative Agent
81
 
 
 
 
 
Section 9.2.    Nature of Duties of Administrative Agent
81
 
 
 
 
 
Section 9.3.    Lack of Reliance on the Administrative Agent
82
 
 
 
 
 
Section 9.4.    Certain Rights of the Administrative Agent
82
 
 
 
 
 
Section 9.5.    Reliance by Administrative Agent
82
 
 
 
 
 
Section 9.6.    The Administrative Agent in its Individual Capacity
82
 
 
 
 
 
Section 9.7.    Successor Administrative Agent
83
 
 
 
 
 
Section 9.8.    Withholding Tax.
83
 
 
 
 
 
Section 9.9.    Administrative Agent May File Proofs of Claim
84
 
 
 
 
 
Section 9.10.    Authorization to Execute Other Loan Documents
84
 
 
 
 
 
Section 9.11.    Guaranty Matters.
84
 
 
 
 
 
Section 9.12.    Documentation Agent; Syndication Agent.
85
 
 
 
 
 
Section 9.13.    Right to Enforce Guarantee.
85
 
 
 
 
 
Section 9.14.    Hedging Obligations and Bank Product Obligations
85
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


ARTICLE X    GUARANTY
85
 
 
 
 
 
Section 10.1.    The Guaranty
85
 
 
 
 
 
Section 10.2.    Obligations Unconditional
85
 
 
 
 
 
Section 10.3.    Reinstatement
86
 
 
 
 
 
Section 10.4.    Certain Additional Waivers
86
 
 
 
 
 
Section 10.5.    Remedies
87
 
 
 
 
 
Section 10.6.    Rights of Contribution
87
 
 
 
 
 
Section 10.7.    Guarantee of Payment; Continuing Guarantee
87
 
 
 
 
 
Section 10.8.    Keepwell
87
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


ARTICLE XI    MISCELLANEOUS
87
 
 
 
 
 
Section 11.1.    Notices
87
 
 
 
 
 
Section 11.2.    Waiver; Amendments
90
 
 
 
 
 
Section 11.3.    Expenses; Indemnification
92
 
 
 
 
 
Section 11.4.    Successors and Assigns
93
 
 
 
 


iv
------------------------------------------------------------------------


 
Section 11.5.    Governing Law; Jurisdiction; Consent to Service of Process
97
 
 
 
 
 
Section 11.6.    WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL
98
 
 
 
 
 
Section 11.7.    Right of Setoff
98
 
 
 
 
Section 11.8.    Counterparts; Integration
98
 
 
 
 
 
Section 11.9.    Survival
98
 
 
 
 
 
Section 11.10.    Severability
99
 
 
 
 
 
Section 11.11.    Confidentiality
99
 
 
 
 
 
Section 11.12.    Interest Rate Limitation
99
 
 
 
 
 
Section 11.13.    Waiver of Effect of Corporate Seal
100
 
 
 
 
 
Section 11.14.    Patriot Act
100
 
 
 
 
 
Section 11.15.    No Advisory or Fiduciary Responsibility
100
 
 
 
 
 
Section 11.16.    Electronic Execution of Assignments and Certain Other 
Documents
100
 
 
 
 
 
Section 11.17.    Acknowledgment and Consent to Bail-In of EEA Financial 
Institutions
101
 
 
 
 


v
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Schedules


Schedule I        -    Commitment Amounts
Schedule 4.15        -    Loan Parties and Subsidiaries
Schedule 7.1        -    Outstanding Indebtedness
Schedule 7.2        -    Existing Liens
Schedule 7.4        -    Existing Investments


Exhibits


      Exhibit 2.3        -    Form of Notice of Revolving Borrowing
      Exhibit 2.4        -    Form of Notice of Swingline Borrowing
      Exhibit 2.7        -    Form of Notice of Conversion/Continuation
      Exhibit 2.10        -    Form of Note
Exhibits 2.20 (1-4)    -    Forms of U.S. Tax Compliance Certificates
Exhibit 5.1        -    Form of Compliance Certificate
      Exhibit 5.10        -    Form of Guarantor Joinder Agreement
Exhibit 11.4        -     Form of Assignment and Acceptance



vi
------------------------------------------------------------------------


CREDIT AGREEMENT


THIS CREDIT AGREEMENT (this “Agreement”) is made and entered into as of 
June 12, 2015, by and among MOLINA HEALTHCARE, INC., a Delaware corporation 
(the “Borrower”), the Guarantors (defined herein), the Lenders (defined 
herein), and SUNTRUST BANK, in its capacity as administrative agent for the 
Lenders (the “Administrative Agent”), as issuing bank (the “Issuing Bank”) 
and as swingline lender (the “Swingline Lender”).


W I T N E S S E T H:


WHEREAS, the Borrower has requested that the Lenders establish a revolving 
credit facility in favor of the Borrower;


WHEREAS, subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, the 
Lenders, the Issuing Bank and the Swingline Lender to the extent of their 
respective Commitments as defined herein, are willing severally to 
establish the requested revolving credit facility, letter of credit 
subfacility and the swingline subfacility in favor of the Borrower;


NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and the mutual covenants 
herein contained, the Borrower, the Lenders, the Administrative Agent, the 
Issuing Bank and the Swingline Lender agree as follows:


ARTICLE I


DEFINITIONS; CONSTRUCTION


Section 1.1.    Definitions. In addition to the other terms defined herein, 
the following terms used herein shall have the meanings herein specified 
(to be equally applicable to both the singular and plural forms of the 
terms defined):

“2020 Convertible Notes” shall mean those certain 1.125% Cash Convertible 
Senior Notes due 2020 issued pursuant to that certain Indenture dated as of 
February 15, 2013 by and among the Borrower and U.S. Bank National 
Association as Trustee.


“2044 Convertible Notes” shall mean those certain 1.625% Convertible Senior 
Notes due 2044 issued pursuant to that certain Indenture dated as of 
September 5, 2014 by and among the Borrower and U.S. Bank National 
Association as Trustee.


“Acquisition” shall mean (a) any Investment by the Borrower or any of its 
Restricted Subsidiaries in any other Person pursuant to which such Person 
shall become a Subsidiary or shall be merged with the Borrower or any of 
its Subsidiaries or (b) any acquisition by the Borrower or any of its 
Subsidiaries of the assets of any Person (other than a Restricted 
Subsidiary) that constitute all or a substantial portion of the assets of 
such Person or a division or business unit of such Person.


“Additional Lender” shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.23.


“Additional Letters of Credit” shall have the meaning set forth in Section 
7.1(g).



1
------------------------------------------------------------------------


“Adjusted LIBOR” shall mean, with respect to each Interest Period for a 
Eurodollar Loan, (i) the rate per annum equal to the London interbank 
offered rate for deposits in U.S. Dollars appearing on Reuters screen page 
LIBOR 01 (or on any successor or substitute page of such service or any 
successor to such service, or such other commercially available source 
providing such quotations as may be designated by the Administrative Agent 
from time to time) at approximately11:00 A.M. (London time) two (2) 
Business Days prior to the first day of such Interest Period, with a 
maturity comparable to such Interest Period, divided by (ii) a percentage 
equal to 100% minus the then stated maximum rate of all reserve 
requirements (including any marginal, emergency, supplemental, special or 
other reserves and without benefit of credits for proration, exceptions or 
offsets that may be available from time to time) applicable to any member 
bank of the Federal Reserve System in respect of Eurocurrency liabilities 
as defined in Regulation D (or any successor category of liabilities under 
Regulation D); provided, that if the rate referred to in clause (i) above 
is not available at any such time for any reason, then the rate referred to 
in clause (i) shall instead be the interest rate per annum, as determined 
by the Administrative Agent, to be the arithmetic average of the rates per 
annum at which deposits in U.S. Dollars in an amount equal to the amount of 
such Eurodollar Loan are offered by major banks in the London interbank 
market to the Administrative Agent at approximately 11:00 A.M. (London 
time), two (2) Business Days prior to the first day of such Interest 
Period. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the foregoing, if the 
Adjusted LIBOR is less than zero, such rate shall be deemed to be zero for 
purposes of this Agreement.


“Administrative Agent” shall mean SunTrust Bank in its capacity as 
administrative agent under any of the Loan Documents, or any successor 
administrative agent.


“Administrative Questionnaire” shall mean, with respect to each Lender, an 
administrative questionnaire in the form provided by the Administrative 
Agent and submitted to the Administrative Agent duly completed by such 
Lender.


“Affiliate” shall mean, as to any Person, any other Person that directly, 
or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, Controls, is Controlled 
by, or is under common Control with, such Person. For the purposes of this 
definition, “Control” shall mean the power, directly or indirectly, either 
to (i) vote 5% or more of the securities having ordinary voting power for 
the election of directors (or persons performing similar functions) of a 
Person or (ii) direct or cause the direction of the management and policies 
of a Person, whether through the ability to exercise voting power, by 
control or otherwise. The terms “Controlling”, “Controlled by”, and “under 
common Control with” have the meanings correlative thereto.


“Aggregate Revolving Commitments” shall mean the Revolving Commitments of 
all the Lenders at any time outstanding. On the effective date of the First 
Amendment, the aggregate amount of the Aggregate Revolving Commitments is 
$500,000,000.


“Agreement” shall mean this Credit Agreement.


“Anti-Corruption Laws” shall mean all laws, rules, and regulations of any 
jurisdiction applicable to the Borrower or its Subsidiaries from time to 
time concerning or relating to bribery or corruption.


“Anti-Kickback Statute” shall mean the Anti-kickback Statute as set forth 
in Section 1320a-7b of Title 42 of the United States Code, as amended, and 
any statute succeeding thereto.


“Applicable Lending Office” shall mean, for each Lender and for each Type 
of Loan, the “Lending Office” of such Lender (or an Affiliate of such 
Lender) designated for such Type of Loan in the Administrative 
Questionnaire submitted by such Lender or such other office of such Lender 
(or an Affiliate



2
------------------------------------------------------------------------


of such Lender) as such Lender may from time to time specify to the 
Administrative Agent and the Borrower as the office by which its Loans of 
such Type are to be made and maintained.


“Applicable Margin” shall mean, as of any date, with respect to interest on 
all Revolving Loans outstanding on any date or the letter of credit fee, as 
the case may be, a percentage per annum determined by reference to the 
applicable Consolidated Leverage Ratio in effect on such date as set forth 
in the table below; provided, that a change in the Applicable Margin 
resulting from a change in the Consolidated Leverage Ratio shall be 
effective on the second Business Day after which the Borrower delivers each 
of the financial statements required by Section 5.1(a) and (b) and the 
Compliance Certificate required by Section 5.1(c); provided further, that 
if at any time the Borrower shall have failed to deliver such financial 
statements and such Compliance Certificate when so required, the Applicable 
Margin shall be at Level 1 as set forth in the table below until the second 
Business Day after which such financial statements and Compliance 
Certificate are delivered, at which time the Applicable Margin shall be 
determined as provided above. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Applicable 
Margin from the Closing Date until the second Business Day after which the 
financial statements and Compliance Certificate for the Fiscal Quarter 
ending September 30, 2015 are required to be delivered shall be at Level 3 
as set forth in the table below. In the event that any financial statement 
or Compliance Certificate delivered hereunder is shown to be inaccurate 
(regardless of whether this Agreement or the Commitments are in effect when 
such inaccuracy is discovered), and such inaccuracy, if corrected, would 
have led to the application of a higher Applicable Margin based upon the 
pricing grid set forth in the table below (the “Accurate Applicable Margin
”) for any period that such financial statement or Compliance Certificate 
covered, then (i) the Borrower shall immediately deliver to the 
Administrative Agent a correct financial statement or Compliance 
Certificate, as the case may be, for such period, (ii) the Applicable 
Margin shall be adjusted such that after giving effect to the corrected 
financial statements or Compliance Certificate, as the case may be, the 
Applicable Margin shall be reset to the Accurate Applicable Margin based 
upon the pricing grid set forth in the table below for such period and 
(iii) the Borrower shall immediately pay to the Administrative Agent, for 
the account of the Lenders, the accrued additional interest owing as a 
result of such Accurate Applicable Margin for such period.  The provisions 
of this definition shall not limit the rights of the Administrative Agent 
and the Lenders with respect to Section 2.13(c) or Article VIII.

Level
Consolidated Leverage Ratio
Eurodollar Loans and Letter of Credit Fee
Base Rate
Loans
Commitment
Fee
1
>3.50:1.00
2.50%
1.50%
0.375%
2
<3.50:1.00 but >3.00:1.00
2.25%
1.25%
0.375%
3
<3.00:1.00 but >2.50:1.00
2.00%
1.00%
0.375%
4
<2.50:1.00 but >2.00:1.00
1.75%
0.75%
0.25%
5
<2.00:1.00
1.50%
0.50%
0.25%


“Approved Fund” shall mean any Person (other than a natural Person) that is 
(or will be) engaged in making, purchasing, holding or otherwise investing 
in commercial loans and similar extensions of credit in the ordinary course 
of its business and that is administered or managed by (i) a Lender, (ii) 
an Affiliate of a Lender or (iii) an entity or an Affiliate of an entity 
that administers or manages a Lender.


“Arrangers” shall mean SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., UBS Securities 
LLC, Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated (together with any 
affiliates it deems appropriate to provide



3
------------------------------------------------------------------------


the services contemplated herein) and Wells Fargo Securities LLC, each in 
their capacities as joint lead arrangers and joint bookrunners.


“Asset Sale” shall mean the sale, transfer, license, lease or other 
disposition of any property by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary, 
including any sale and leaseback transaction and any sale, assignment, 
transfer or other disposal, with or without recourse, of any notes or 
accounts receivable or any rights and claims associated therewith, but 
excluding (a) the sale of inventory in the ordinary course of business; (b) 
the sale or disposition for Fair Market Value of obsolete or worn out 
property or other property not necessary for operations of the Borrower or 
any Restricted Subsidiary disposed of in the ordinary course of business; 
(c) the disposition of property (including the cancellation of Indebtedness 
permitted by Section 7.4(d)) to the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary; 
provided, that if the transferor of such property is a Loan Party then the 
transferee thereof must be a Loan Party; (d) the disposition of accounts 
receivable in connection with the collection or compromise thereof; (e) 
licenses, sublicenses, leases or subleases granted to others in the 
ordinary course of business or not interfering in any material respect with 
the business of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary; (f) the sale or 
disposition of Permitted Investments for Fair Market Value in the ordinary 
course of business and (g) the disposition of shares of Capital Stock of 
any Subsidiary in order to qualify members of the governing body of such 
Subsidiary if required by applicable Law.


“Assignment and Acceptance” shall mean an assignment and acceptance entered 
into by a Lender and an assignee (with the consent of any party whose 
consent is required by Section 11.4(b)) and accepted by the Administrative 
Agent, in the form of Exhibit 11.4 attached hereto or any other form 
approved by the Administrative Agent.


“Audited Financial Statements” shall mean the audited consolidated balance 
sheet of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries for the fiscal year ended 
December 31, 2014, and the related consolidated statements of income or 
operations, shareholders’ equity and cash flows of the Borrower and its 
Subsidiaries for such fiscal year, including the notes thereto.


“Availability Period” shall mean the period from the Closing Date to but 
excluding the Revolving Commitment Termination Date.


“Bail-In Action” shall mean the exercise of any Write-Down and Conversion 
Powers by the applicable EEA Resolution Authority in respect of any 
liability of an EEA Financial Institution.


“Bail-In Legislation” shall mean, with respect to any EEA Member Country 
implementing Article 55 of Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament 
and of the Council of the European Union, the implementing law for such EEA 
Member Country from time to time which is described in the EU Bail-In 
Legislation Schedule.


“Bank Product Amount” shall have the meaning set forth in the definition of 
“Bank Product Provider”.


“Bank Product Obligations” shall mean, collectively, all obligations and 
other liabilities of any Loan Party to any Bank Product Provider arising 
with respect to any Bank Products.


“Bank Product Provider” shall mean any Person that (a) (i) at the time it 
provides any Bank Products to any Loan Party, is a Lender or an Affiliate 
of a Lender or (ii) has provided any Bank Products to any Loan Party that 
exist on the Closing Date, and such Person is a Lender or an Affiliate of a 
Lender on the Closing Date and (b) except when the Bank Product Provider is 
SunTrust Bank and its Affiliates, has



4
------------------------------------------------------------------------


provided prior written notice to the Administrative Agent which has been 
acknowledged by the Borrower of (x) the existence of such Bank Product, (y) 
the maximum dollar amount of obligations arising thereunder (the “Bank 
Product Amount”) and (z) the methodology to be used by such parties in 
determining the obligations under such Bank Product from time to time. In 
no event shall any Bank Product Provider acting in such capacity be deemed 
a Lender for purposes hereof to the extent of and as to Bank Products 
except that each reference to the term “Lender” in Article IX and Section 
11.4 shall be deemed to include such Bank Product Provider and in no event 
shall the approval of any such person in its capacity as Bank Product 
Provider be required in connection with the release or termination of any 
security interest or Lien of the Administrative Agent. The Bank Product 
Amount may be changed from time to time upon written notice to the 
Administrative Agent by the applicable Bank Product Provider. The Bank 
Product Amount may not be increased, and no new agreements for Bank 
Products may be established at any time that a Default or Event of Default 
exists.


“Bank Products” shall mean any of the following services provided to any 
Loan Party by any Bank Product Provider: (a) any treasury or other cash 
management services, including deposit accounts, automated clearing house 
(ACH) origination and other funds transfer, depository (including cash 
vault and check deposit), zero balance accounts and sweeps, return items 
processing, controlled disbursement accounts, positive pay, lockboxes and 
lockbox accounts, account reconciliation and information reporting, 
payables outsourcing, payroll processing, trade finance services, 
investment accounts and securities accounts, and (b) card services, 
including credit card (including purchasing card and commercial card), 
prepaid cards, including payroll, stored value and gift cards, merchant 
services processing, and debit card services.


“Base Rate” shall mean the highest of (a) the rate which the Administrative 
Agent announces from time to time as its prime lending rate, as in effect 
from time to time, (b) the Federal Funds rate, as in effect from time to 
time, plus one-half of one percent (½%) per annum and (c) a rate per annum 
equal to Adjusted LIBOR for a term of one month plus one percent (1.00%) 
per annum (any changes in such rates to be effective as of the date of any 
change in such rate). The Administrative Agent’s prime lending rate is a 
reference rate and does not necessarily represent the lowest or best rate 
actually charged to any customer. The Administrative Agent may make 
commercial loans or other loans at rates of interest at, above, or below 
the Administrative Agent’s prime lending rate.


“Borrower” shall have the meaning set forth in the introductory paragraph 
hereof.


“Borrowing” shall mean a borrowing consisting of (a) Loans of the same 
Class and Type, made, converted or continued on the same date and in the 
case of Eurodollar Loans, as to which a single Interest Period is in 
effect, or (b) a Swingline Loan.


“Bridge Senior Unsecured Indebtedness” means senior unsecured Indebtedness 
that complies with Section 7.1(k) other than clause (iv) thereof; provided 
that (a) at the initial maturity of such Indebtedness, such Indebtedness 
shall automatically convert to a term loan or exchange notes that, in each 
case, complies with clause (iv) of Section 7.1(k) and (b) the only 
prepayments such Indebtedness may have are customary mandatory redemption, 
mandatory repurchase or other mandatory prepayments of principal (x) in 
connection with a change of control and (y) with the proceeds of any 
issuance of Capital Stock or any issuance of Indebtedness or any sale or 
other disposition of property (including casualty events), in each case to 
the extent such proceeds are not required to be applied to prepay the 
Loans.


 “Business Day” shall mean any day other than (a) a Saturday, Sunday or 
other day on which commercial banks in Atlanta, Georgia or New York, New 
York are authorized or required by Law to close and (b) if such day relates 
to a Borrowing of, a payment or prepayment of principal or interest on, a 
conversion



5
------------------------------------------------------------------------


of or into, or an Interest Period for, a Eurodollar Loan or a notice with 
respect to any of the foregoing, any day on which banks are not open for 
dealings in dollar deposits in the London interbank market.


“Capital Expenditures” shall mean for any period, without duplication, (a) 
the additions to property, plant and equipment and other capital 
expenditures of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries that are (or 
would be) set forth on a consolidated statement of cash flows of the 
Borrower for such period and (b) Capital Lease Obligations incurred by the 
Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries during such period.


“Capital Lease Obligations” of any Person shall mean all obligations of 
such Person to pay rent or other amounts under any lease (or other 
arrangement conveying the right to use) of real or personal property, or a 
combination thereof, which obligations are required to be classified and 
accounted for as capital leases on a balance sheet of such Person, and the 
amount of such obligations shall be the capitalized amount thereof.


“Capital Stock” shall mean all shares, options, warrants, general or 
limited partnership interests, membership interests or other equivalents 
(regardless of how designated) of or in a corporation, partnership, limited 
liability company or equivalent entity whether voting or nonvoting, 
including common stock, preferred stock or any other “equity security” (as 
such term is defined in Rule 3a11‑1 of the General Rules and Regulations 
promulgated by the SEC under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934).


“Cash Collateralize” shall mean, in respect of any obligations, to provide 
and pledge (as a first priority perfected security interest) cash 
collateral for such obligations in Dollars, to the Administrative Agent 
pursuant to documentation in form and substance, reasonably satisfactory to 
the Administrative Agent (and “Cash Collateralization” and “Cash Collateral
” have a corresponding meaning).


“Change in Control” shall mean the occurrence of one or more of the 
following events: (a) any sale, lease, exchange or other transfer (in a 
single transaction or a series of related transactions) of all or 
substantially all of the assets of the Borrower to any Person or “group” 
(within the meaning of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and the rules of 
the SEC thereunder in effect on the date hereof), (b) the acquisition of 
ownership, directly or indirectly, beneficially or of record, by any Person 
or “group” (within the meaning of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
the rules of the SEC thereunder as in effect on the date hereof), other 
than the Molina Family, of 30% or more of the outstanding shares of the 
voting stock of the Borrower, (c) the acquisition of ownership, directly or 
indirectly, beneficially or of record, by the Molina Family of 50% or more 
of the outstanding shares of the voting stock of the Borrower, (d) during 
any period of 24 consecutive months, a majority of the members of the board 
of directors or other equivalent governing body of the Borrower cease to be 
composed of individuals who are Continuing Directors or (e) the occurrence 
of a fundamental change (or any comparable term) under, and as defined in, 
any agreement, document or instrument governing or otherwise relating to 
the 2020 Convertible Notes, the 2044 Convertible Notes or any other 
Material Indebtedness (other than Permitted Subordinated Debt).


“Change in Law” shall mean (a) the adoption of any applicable Law after the 
date of this Agreement, (b) any change in any applicable Law after the date 
of this Agreement, or (c) compliance by any Lender (or its Applicable 
Lending Office) or the Issuing Bank (or for purposes of Section 2.18(b), by 
the Parent Company of such Lender or the Issuing Bank, if applicable) with 
any request, guideline or directive (whether or not having the force of 
law) of any Governmental Authority made or issued after the date of this 
Agreement. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, (x) the 
Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, and all 
requests, rules, guidelines and directives promulgated thereunder, and (y) 
all requests, rules, guidelines or directives promulgated by the Bank for 
International Settlements, the Basel



6
------------------------------------------------------------------------


Committee on Banking Supervision (or any successor or similar authority) or 
the United States or foreign regulatory authorities, in each case pursuant 
to Basel III, in each case, are deemed to have been introduced or adopted 
after the date hereof, regardless of the date enacted or adopted.


“Class”, when used in reference to any Loan or Borrowing, refers to whether 
such Loan, or the Loans comprising such Borrowing, are Revolving Loans or 
Swingline Loans and when used in reference to any Commitment, refers to 
whether such Commitment is a Revolving Commitment or a Swingline 
Commitment.


“Closing Date” shall mean the date hereof.


“CMS” shall mean the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services or any 
successor or predecessor thereof.


“Code” shall mean the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended and in 
effect from time to time.


“Commitment” shall mean a Revolving Commitment, a Swingline Commitment or 
an Incremental Term Loan Commitment or any combination thereof (as the 
context shall permit or require).


“Commitment Fee” shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.14(b).


“Commodity Exchange Act” shall mean the Commodity Exchange Act (7 U.S.C. § 
1 et seq.), as amended from time to time, and any successor statute.


“Company Action Level” means the Company Action Level risk-based capital 
threshold, as defined by NAIC, or in any state that has not adopted the 
NAIC definition, as defined by the appropriate state Governmental 
Authority, the HMO Model Act or comparable act applicable to an HMO 
Subsidiary or an Insurance Subsidiary.


“Compliance Certificate” shall mean a certificate from the principal 
executive officer or the principal financial officer of the Borrower in the 
form of, and containing the certifications set forth in, the certificate 
attached hereto as Exhibit 5.1.


“Connection Income Taxes” shall mean Other Connection Taxes that are 
imposed on or measured by net income (however denominated) or that are 
franchise Taxes or branch profits Taxes.


“Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA” shall mean, for the Borrower and its 
Restricted Subsidiaries for any period, determined on a consolidated basis, 
an amount equal to the sum of (a) Consolidated Net Income for such period 
plus (b) to the extent deducted in determining Consolidated Net Income for 
such period, without duplication, (i) Consolidated Interest Expense for 
such period, (ii) income tax expense for such period (other than any income 
tax, including any portion of Health Insurance Providers Fee imposed by 
Section 9010 of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (“ACA”, as 
amended by Section 1095 of the ACA and by Section 1406 of the Health Care 
and Education Reconciliation Act of 2010), which is subject to 
indemnification or reimbursement from any Person other than the Borrower or 
any of its Restricted Subsidiaries), (iii) depreciation and amortization 
for such period, (iv) non-cash charges associated with stock-based 
compensation expenses pursuant to the financial reporting guidance of the 
Financial Accounting Standards Board concerning stock-based compensation as 
in effect from time to time, (v) any costs and synergies directly 
attributable to any Permitted Acquisition that occurred during such period



7
------------------------------------------------------------------------


(calculated on a basis that is consistent with Regulation S-X under the 
Securities Act of 1933) which are reflective of actual or reasonably 
anticipated and factually supportable synergies and cost savings expected 
to be realized or achieved in the twelve months following such Permitted 
Acquisition; provided, however, that for purposes of calculating 
Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA for any period, any such adjustments made 
pursuant to this clause (v) shall not increase Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA 
by more than 20% of Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA for such period as 
calculated before giving effect to any such adjustments and (vi) other 
extraordinary or non-recurring non-cash expenses (including any expenses as 
a result of any premium deficiency reserve, goodwill impairment or 
impairment of intangible assets) minus to the extent added in Consolidated 
Net Income, any extraordinary or non-recurring non-cash income (including 
as a result of any premium deficiency reserve related to any health plan 
operated by the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries).


“Consolidated Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio” shall mean the ratio of (a) 
Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA to (b) Consolidated Fixed Charges, in each 
case measured as of the last day of the most recently ended four 
consecutive Fiscal Quarters for which financial statements are required to 
have been delivered pursuant to Section 5.1(a) or (b).


“Consolidated Fixed Charges” shall mean the sum of (a) Consolidated 
Interest Expense plus (b) all cash Restricted Payments (excluding items 
eliminated in consolidation) on any series of preferred stock or 
Disqualified Stock of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries for the 
applicable period.


“Consolidated Interest Coverage Ratio” shall mean, as of any date, the 
ratio of (a) Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA to (b) Consolidated Interest 
Expense in each case measured as of the last day of the most recently ended 
four consecutive Fiscal Quarters for which financial statements are 
required to have been delivered pursuant to Section 5.1(a) or (b).


“Consolidated Interest Expense” shall mean, for the Borrower and its 
Restricted Subsidiaries for any period determined on a consolidated basis, 
the sum of (a) total interest expense, including without limitation, (i) 
non-cash interest expense with respect to the 2020 Convertible Notes and 
the 2044 Convertible Notes and (ii) the interest component of any payments 
in respect of Capital Lease Obligations capitalized or expensed during such 
period (whether or not actually paid during such period) plus (b) the net 
amount payable (or minus the net amount receivable) with respect to Hedging 
Transactions during such period (whether or not actually paid or received 
during such period).


“Consolidated Leverage Ratio” shall mean, as of any date, the ratio of (a) 
Consolidated Total Debt as of such date to (b) Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA
, in each case measured as of the last day of the most recently ended four 
consecutive Fiscal Quarters for which financial statements are required to 
have been delivered pursuant to Section 5.1(a) or (b).

 “Consolidated Net Income” shall mean, for the Borrower and its Restricted 
Subsidiaries for any period determined on a consolidated basis, the net 
income (or loss) of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries for such 
period but excluding therefrom (to the extent otherwise included therein) 
(a) any extraordinary gains or losses, (b) any gains attributable to 
write-ups of assets and (c) any equity interest of the Borrower or any 
Restricted Subsidiary of the Borrower in the unremitted earnings of any 
Person that is not a Restricted Subsidiary.

“Consolidated Net Leverage Ratio” shall mean the ratio of (a) Consolidated 
Total Debt as of such date minus up to $250 million of Qualified Cash 
minus up to $500 million of Specified Cash, measured as of the last day of 
the most recently ended four consecutive Fiscal Quarters for which 
financial statements



8
------------------------------------------------------------------------


are required to have been delivered pursuant to Section 5.1(a) or (b) to 
(b) Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA for the four consecutive Fiscal Quarters 
for which financial statements are required to have been delivered pursuant 
to Section 5.1(a) or (b). 


“Consolidated Total Assets” shall mean the total assets of the Borrower and 
its Restricted Subsidiaries calculated in accordance with GAAP on a 
consolidated basis as of the last day of the most recent fiscal quarter 
preceding such date of determination for which financial statements of the 
Borrower have been delivered pursuant to Section 5.1(a) or (b).


“Consolidated Total Debt” shall mean, as of any date, all Indebtedness of 
the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries measured on a consolidated 
basis as of such date, but excluding Indebtedness of the type described in 
subsection (i) of the definition thereto.


“Contract Provider” shall mean any Person or any employee, agent or 
subcontractor of such Person who provides professional health care services 
under or pursuant to any contract or other arrangement with the Borrower or 
any Subsidiary.


“Contractual Obligation” means, as to any Person, any provision of any 
security issued by such Person or of any agreement, instrument or other 
undertaking to which such Person is a party or by which it or any of its 
property is bound.


“Continuing Director” shall mean, with respect to any period, any 
individuals (A) who were members of the board of directors or other 
equivalent governing body of the Borrower on the first day of such period, 
(B) whose election or nomination to that board or equivalent governing body 
was approved by individuals referred to in clause (A) above constituting at 
the time of such election or nomination at least a majority of that board 
or equivalent governing body, or (C) whose election or nomination to that 
board or other equivalent governing body was approved by individuals 
referred to in clauses (A) and (B) above constituting at the time of such 
election or nomination at least a majority of that board or equivalent 
governing body.


“Debtor Relief Laws” shall mean the Bankruptcy Code of the United States of 
America, and all other liquidation, conservatorship, bankruptcy, assignment 
for the benefit of creditors, moratorium, rearrangement, receivership, 
insolvency, reorganization, or similar debtor relief Laws of the United 
States or other applicable jurisdictions from time to time in effect.


“Default” shall mean any condition or event that, with the giving of notice 
or the lapse of time or both, would constitute an Event of Default.


“Default Interest” shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.13(c).


“Defaulting Lender” shall mean, subject to Section 2.26(b), at any time, 
any Lender as to which the Administrative Agent has notified the Borrower 
that (a) such Lender has failed for three (3) or more Business Days to 
comply with its obligations under this Agreement to make a Loan (unless 
such Lender notifies the Administrative Agent and the Borrower in writing 
that such failure is the result of such Lender’s determination that one or 
more conditions precedent to funding (each of which conditions precedent, 
together with any applicable default, shall be specifically identified in 
such writing) has not been satisfied) and/or to make a payment to the 
Issuing Bank in respect of a Letter of Credit or to the Swingline Lender in 
respect of a Swingline Loan (each a “funding obligation”), (b) such Lender 
has notified the Administrative Agent or the Borrower, or has stated 
publicly, that it will not comply with any such funding obligation 
hereunder



9
------------------------------------------------------------------------


(unless such writing or public statement relates to such Lender’s 
obligation to fund a Loan hereunder and states that such position is based 
on such Lender’s determination that a condition precedent to funding (which 
condition precedent, together with any applicable default, shall be 
specifically identified in such writing or public statement) cannot be 
satisfied), (c) such Lender has, for three (3) or more Business Days, 
failed to confirm in writing to the Administrative Agent, in response to a 
written request of the Administrative Agent, that it will comply with its 
funding obligations hereunder, (d) a Lender Insolvency Event has occurred 
and is continuing with respect to such Lender, or (e) such Lender has 
become the subject of a Bail-In Action. The Administrative Agent will 
promptly send to all parties hereto a copy of any notice to the Borrower 
provided for in this definition.


“Designated Non-cash Consideration” means any non-cash consideration 
received by the Borrower or one or more of its Restricted Subsidiaries in 
connection with an Asset Sale that is designated as Designated Non-cash 
Consideration pursuant to a certificate by a Responsible Officer of the 
Borrower at the time of such Asset Sale. Any particular item of Designated 
Non-cash Consideration will cease to be considered to be outstanding once 
it has been sold for cash or Permitted Investments.


“Disqualified Stock” means any Capital Stock that, by its terms (or by the 
terms of any security into which it is convertible, or for which it is 
exchangeable, in each case at the option of the holder of the Capital 
Stock), or upon the happening of any event, matures or is mandatorily 
redeemable, pursuant to a sinking fund obligation or otherwise, or 
redeemable at the option of the holder of the Capital Stock, in whole or in 
part, on or prior to the date that is 91 days after the Revolving 
Commitment Termination Date; provided, however, that only the portion of 
Capital Stock which so matures or is mandatorily redeemable, is so 
convertible or exchangeable at the option of the holder thereof or is so 
redeemable at the option of the holder thereof prior to such date shall be 
deemed to be Disqualified Stock; provided, further, however, that if such 
Capital Stock is issued to any employee or to any plan for the benefit of 
employees of the Borrower or its Subsidiaries or by any such plan to such 
employees, such Capital Stock shall not constitute Disqualified Stock 
solely because it may be required to be repurchased by the Borrower in 
order to satisfy applicable statutory or regulatory obligations or as a 
result of such employee’s termination, death or disability; provided, 
further, that any class of Capital Stock of such Person that by its terms 
authorizes such Person to satisfy its obligations thereunder by delivery of 
Capital Stock that is not Disqualified Stock shall not be deemed to be 
Disqualified Stock.


“Dollar(s)” and the sign “$” shall mean lawful money of the United States 
of America.


“Domestic Subsidiary” shall mean any Restricted Subsidiary that is 
organized under the laws of any political subdivision of the United States.


“EEA Financial Institution” shall mean (a) any credit institution or 
investment firm established in any EEA Member Country which is subject to 
the supervision of an EEA Resolution Authority, (b) any entity established 
in an EEA Member Country which is a parent of an institution described in 
clause (a) of this definition, or (c) any financial institution established 
in an EEA Member Country which is a subsidiary of an institution described 
in clause (a) or (b) of this definition and is subject to consolidated 
supervision with its parent.


“EEA Member Country” shall mean any of the member states of the European 
Union, Iceland, Liechtenstein, and Norway.



10
------------------------------------------------------------------------


“EEA Resolution Authority” shall mean any public administrative authority 
or any person entrusted with public administrative authority of any EEA 
Member Country (including any delegee) having responsibility for the 
resolution of any EEA Financial Institution.


“Environmental Laws” shall mean all laws, rules, regulations, codes, 
ordinances, orders, decrees, judgments, injunctions, notices or binding 
agreements issued, promulgated or entered into by or with any Governmental 
Authority, relating in any way to the environment, preservation or 
reclamation of natural resources, the management, Release or threatened 
Release of any Hazardous Material or to health and safety matters.


“Environmental Liability” shall mean any liability, contingent or otherwise 
(including any liability for damages, costs of environmental investigation 
and remediation, costs of administrative oversight, fines, natural resource 
damages, penalties or indemnities), of the Borrower or any Restricted 
Subsidiary directly or indirectly resulting from or based upon (a) any 
actual or alleged violation of any Environmental Law, (b) the generation, 
use, handling, transportation, storage, treatment or disposal of any 
Hazardous Materials, (c) any actual or alleged exposure to any Hazardous 
Materials, (d) the Release or threatened Release of any Hazardous Materials 
or (e) any contract, agreement or other consensual arrangement pursuant to 
which liability is assumed or imposed with respect to any of the foregoing.


“ERISA” shall mean the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as 
amended from time to time, and any successor statute.


“ERISA Affiliate” shall mean any trade or business (whether or not 
incorporated), which, together with the Borrower, is treated as a single 
employer under Section 414(b) or (c) of the Code or, solely for the 
purposes of Section 302 of ERISA and Section 412 of the Code, is treated as 
a single employer under Section 414 of the Code.


“ERISA Event” shall mean (a) any “reportable event”, as defined in Section 
4043 of ERISA or the regulations issued thereunder with respect to a Plan 
(other than an event for which the 30-day notice period is waived); (b) the 
failure of any Plan to meet the minimum funding standard applicable to the 
Plan for a plan year under Section 412 of the Code or Section 302 of ERISA, 
whether or not waived; (c) the filing pursuant to Section 412(d) of the 
Code or Section 303(d) of ERISA of an application for a waiver of the 
minimum funding standard with respect to any Plan; (d) the incurrence by 
the Borrower or any of its ERISA Affiliates of any liability under Title IV 
of ERISA with respect to the termination of any Plan; (e) the receipt by 
the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate from the PBGC or a plan administrator 
appointed by the PBGC of any notice relating to an intention to terminate 
any Plan or Plans or to appoint a trustee to administer any Plan; (f) the 
incurrence by the Borrower or any of its ERISA Affiliates of any liability 
with respect to the withdrawal or partial withdrawal from any Plan or 
Multiemployer Plan; or (g) the receipt by the Borrower or any ERISA 
Affiliate of any notice, or the receipt by any Multiemployer Plan from the 
Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate of any notice, concerning the imposition of 
Withdrawal Liability or a determination that a Multiemployer Plan is, or is 
expected to be, insolvent or in reorganization, within the meaning of Title 
IV of ERISA.


“EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule” shall mean the EU Bail-In Legislation 
Schedule published by the Loan Market Association (or any successor 
Person), as in effect from time to time.


“Eurodollar” when used in reference to any Loan or Borrowing, refers to 
whether such Loan, or the Loans comprising such Borrowing, bears interest 
at a rate determined by reference to the Adjusted LIBOR.



11
------------------------------------------------------------------------


“Event of Default” shall have the meaning set forth in Article VIII.


“Excluded Swap Obligation” shall mean, with respect to any Guarantor, any 
Swap Obligation if, and to the extent that, all or a portion of the 
Guaranty of such Guarantor of, or the grant by such Guarantor of a security 
interest to secure, such Swap Obligation (or any Guarantee thereof) is or 
becomes illegal under the Commodity Exchange Act or any rule, regulation or 
order of the Commodity Futures Trading Commission (or the application or 
official interpretation of any thereof) by virtue of such Guarantor’s 
failure for any reason to constitute an “eligible contract participant” as 
defined in the Commodity Exchange Act and the regulations thereunder at the 
time the Guaranty of such Guarantor, or the grant by such Guarantor of a 
security interest, becomes effective with respect to such Swap Obligation; 
provided that, for the avoidance of doubt, in determining whether any 
Guarantor is an “eligible contract participant” under the Commodity 
Exchange Act, the keepwell agreement set forth in Section 10.8 shall be 
taken into account. If a Swap Obligation arises under a Master Agreement 
governing more than one Hedging Transaction, such exclusion shall apply 
only to the portion of such Swap Obligation that is attributable to Hedging 
Transactions for which such Guaranty or security interest is or becomes 
excluded in accordance with the first sentence of this definition.


“Excluded Taxes” shall mean any of the following Taxes imposed on or with 
respect to a Recipient or required to be withheld or deducted from a 
payment to a Recipient, (a) Taxes imposed on or measured by net income 
(however denominated), franchise Taxes, and branch profits Taxes, in each 
case, (i) imposed as a result of such Recipient being organized under the 
Laws of, or having its principal office or, in the case of any Lender, its 
Applicable Lending Office in the jurisdiction imposing such Tax (or any 
political subdivision thereof) or (ii) that are Other Connection Taxes (b) 
in the case of a Lender, U.S. federal withholding Taxes imposed on amounts 
payable to or for the account of such Lender with respect to an applicable 
interest in a Loan or Commitment pursuant to a Law in effect on the date on 
which (i) such Lender acquires such interest in the Loan or Commitment 
(other than pursuant to an assignment request by the Borrower under 
Section 2.25) or (ii) such Lender changes its lending office, except in 
each case to the extent that, pursuant to Section 2.20, amounts with 
respect to such Taxes were payable either to such Lender’s assignor 
immediately before such Lender became a party hereto or to such Lender 
immediately before it changed its lending office, (c) Taxes attributable to 
such Recipient’s failure to comply with Section 2.20(g) and (d) any U.S. 
federal withholding Taxes imposed under FATCA.


“Exclusion Event” shall mean an event or related events resulting in the 
exclusion of the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries from 
participation in any Medical Reimbursement Program.


“Fair Market Value” shall mean, with respect to any Asset Sale, Restricted 
Payment or other item, the price that would be negotiated in an 
arm’s-length transaction for cash between a willing seller and a willing 
and able buyer, neither of which is under any compulsion to complete the 
transaction, as such price is determined in good faith by an officer of the 
Borrower.


“FATCA” shall mean Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, as of the date 
of this Agreement (or any amended or successor version that is 
substantively comparable and not materially more onerous to comply with), 
any current or future regulations or official interpretations thereof and 
any agreements entered into pursuant to Section 1471(b)(1) of the Code.


“Federal Funds Rate” shall mean, for any day, the rate per annum (rounded 
upwards, if necessary, to the next 1/100th of 1%) equal to the weighted 
average of the rates on overnight Federal funds transactions with member 
banks of the Federal Reserve System arranged by Federal funds brokers, as 
published by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York on the next succeeding 
Business Day or if such rate is



12
------------------------------------------------------------------------


not so published for any Business Day, the Federal Funds Rate for such day 
shall be the average rounded upwards, if necessary, to the next 1/100th of 
1% of the quotations for such day on such transactions received by the 
Administrative Agent from three Federal funds brokers of recognized 
standing selected by the Administrative Agent. Notwithstanding anything to 
the contrary in the foregoing, if the Federal Funds Rate is less than zero, 
such rate shall be deemed to be zero for purposes of this Agreement.


“Fee Letters” shall mean those certain fee letters, dated as of June 5, 
2015 and December 21, 2016, executed by SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc. 
and SunTrust Bank and accepted by Borrower.


“First Amendment” shall mean that certain First Amendment to Credit 
Agreement, dated as of January 3, 2017, entered into among Borrower, the 
Guarantors party thereto, the Lenders identified on the signature pages 
thereto, and SunTrust Bank, in its capacities as Administrative Agent, 
Issuing Bank and Swingline Lender.


“Fiscal Quarter” shall mean any fiscal quarter of the Borrower.


“Fiscal Year” shall mean any fiscal year of the Borrower.


“Foreign Lender” shall mean (a) if the Borrower is a U.S. Person, a Lender 
that is not a U.S. Person, and (b) if the Borrower is not a U.S. Person, a 
Lender that is resident or organized under the laws of a jurisdiction other 
than that in which the Borrower is resident for tax purposes.


“Foreign Subsidiary” shall mean any Restricted Subsidiary that is not a 
Domestic Subsidiary.


“GAAP” shall mean generally accepted accounting principles in the United 
States applied on a consistent basis and subject to the terms of Section 
1.3.


“Governmental Authority” shall mean the government of the United States of 
America, any other nation or any political subdivision thereof, whether 
state or local, and any agency, authority, instrumentality, regulatory 
body, court, central bank or other entity exercising executive, 
legislative, judicial, taxing, regulatory or administrative powers or 
functions of or pertaining to government (including any supra-national 
bodies such as the European Union or the European Central Bank).


“Guarantee” of or by any Person (the “guarantor”) shall mean any 
obligation, contingent or otherwise, of the guarantor guaranteeing or 
having the economic effect of guaranteeing any Indebtedness or other 
obligation of any other Person (the “primary obligor”) in any manner, 
whether directly or indirectly and including any obligation, direct or 
indirect, of the guarantor (i) to purchase or pay (or advance or supply 
funds for the purchase or payment of) such Indebtedness or other obligation 
or to purchase (or to advance or supply funds for the purchase of) any 
security for the payment thereof, (ii) to purchase or lease property, 
securities or services for the purpose of assuring the owner of such 
Indebtedness or other obligation of the payment thereof, (iii) to maintain 
working capital, equity capital or any other financial statement condition 
or liquidity of the primary obligor so as to enable the primary obligor to 
pay such Indebtedness or other obligation or (iv) as an account party in 
respect of any letter of credit or letter of guaranty issued in support of 
such Indebtedness or obligation; provided, that the term “Guarantee” shall 
not include endorsements for collection or deposit in the ordinary course 
of business. The amount of any Guarantee shall be deemed to be an amount 
equal to the stated or determinable amount of the primary obligation in 
respect of which such Guarantee is made or, if not so stated or 
determinable, the maximum reasonably anticipated liability in respect 
thereof (assuming such Person is required to perform thereunder) as 
determined by such Person in good faith. The term “Guarantee” used as a 
verb has a corresponding meaning.



13
------------------------------------------------------------------------


“Guarantor Joinder Agreement” shall mean a joinder agreement substantially 
in the form of Exhibit 5.10 executed and delivered by a Restricted 
Subsidiary in accordance with the provisions of Section 5.10 or any other 
documents as the Administrative Agent shall deem appropriate for such 
purpose.


“Guarantors” shall mean, collectively, (a) as of the effective date of the 
First Amendment, Molina Information Systems, LLC, d/b/a Molina Medicaid 
Solutions, Molina Pathways LLC and Pathways Health and Community Support 
LLC, (b) each Person that joins as a Guarantor pursuant to Section 5.10 or 
otherwise after the effective date of the First Amendment, (c) with respect 
to (i) any Hedging Obligations between any Loan Party (other than the 
Borrower) and any Lender-Related Hedge Provider that are permitted to be 
incurred pursuant to Section 7.10 and any Bank Product Obligations owing by 
any Loan Party (other than the Borrower), the Borrower and (ii) the payment 
and performance by each Specified Loan Party of its obligations under its 
Guaranty with respect to all Swap Obligations, the Borrower, and (d) the 
successors and permitted assigns of the foregoing.


“Guaranty” shall mean the Guaranty made by the Guarantors in favor of the 
Administrative Agent, for the benefit of the holders of the Obligations, 
pursuant to Article X.


“Hazardous Materials” shall mean all explosive or radioactive substances or 
wastes and all hazardous or toxic substances, wastes or other pollutants, 
including petroleum or petroleum distillates, asbestos or asbestos 
containing materials, polychlorinated biphenyls, radon gas, infectious or 
medical wastes and all other substances or wastes of any nature regulated 
pursuant to any Environmental Law.


“Hedging Obligations” of any Person shall mean any and all obligations of 
such Person, whether absolute or contingent and howsoever and whensoever 
created, arising, evidenced or acquired under (a) any and all Hedging 
Transactions, (b) any and all cancellations, buy backs, reversals, 
terminations or assignments of any Hedging Transactions and (c) any and all 
renewals, extensions and modifications of any Hedging Transactions and any 
and all substitutions for any Hedging Transactions.


“Hedging Transaction” of any Person shall mean (a) any transaction 
(including an agreement with respect to any such transaction) now existing 
or hereafter entered into by such Person that is a rate swap transaction, 
swap option, basis swap, forward rate transaction, commodity swap, 
commodity option, equity or equity index swap or option, bond option, 
interest rate option, foreign exchange transaction, cap transaction, floor 
transaction, collar transaction, currency swap transaction, cross-currency 
rate swap transaction, currency option, spot transaction, credit protection 
transaction, credit swap, credit default swap, credit default option, total 
return swap, credit spread transaction, repurchase transaction, reverse 
repurchase transaction, buy/sell-back transaction, securities lending 
transaction, or any other similar transaction (including any option with 
respect to any of these transactions) or any combination thereof, whether 
or not any such transaction is governed by or subject to any master 
agreement and (b) any and all transactions of any kind, and the related 
confirmations, which are subject to the terms and conditions of, or 
governed by, any form of master agreement published by the International 
Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc., any International Foreign Exchange 
Master Agreement, or any other master agreement (any such master agreement, 
together with any related schedules, a “Master Agreement”), including any 
such obligations or liabilities under any Master Agreement.


“HHS” shall mean the United States Department of Health and Human Services 
and any successor thereof.


“HIPAA” shall mean the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act 
of 1996, Pub. L. 104-191, Aug. 21, 1996, 110 Stat. 1936, and regulations 
promulgated pursuant thereto.



14
------------------------------------------------------------------------


“HITECH Act” shall mean the Health Information Technology for Economic and 
Clinical Health Act, Title XIII of Division A and Title IV of Division B of 
the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009 (ARRA), Pub. L. 111-5, 
Feb. 17, 2009, and regulations promulgated pursuant thereto.


“HMO” shall mean any health maintenance organization or managed care 
organization, including without limitation any organized delivery system or 
utilization review organization, any Person doing business as a health 
maintenance organization or managed care organization, or any Person 
required to qualify or be licensed as a health maintenance organization or 
managed care organization under applicable law (including HMO Regulations).


“HMO Business” shall mean the business of operating an HMO or other similar 
regulated entity or business.


“HMO Event” shall mean (i) any non-compliance by the Borrower or any of its 
HMO Subsidiaries with any of the material terms and provisions of the HMO 
Regulations pertaining to its fiscal soundness, solvency or financial 
conditions that is materially adverse to the Borrower and its Restricted 
Subsidiaries taken as a whole; or (ii) the assertion in writing, after the 
date hereof, by any HMO Regulator that it intends to take administrative 
action against the Borrower or any of its HMO Subsidiaries to revoke or 
modify in a manner materially adverse to the Borrower and its Restricted 
Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, any material license, material charter or 
material permit or to enforce the fiscal soundness, solvency or financial 
provisions or requirements of the HMO Regulations against the Borrower or 
any or its HMO Subsidiaries.


“HMO Regulations” shall mean all laws, rules, regulations, directives and 
administrative orders applicable under Federal or state law to any HMO 
Subsidiary, including Part 422 of Chapter IV of Title 42 of the Code of 
Federal Regulations and Subchapter XI of Chapter 6A of Title 42 of the 
United Stated Code Annotated (and any regulations, orders and directives 
promulgated or issued pursuant thereto, including Part 417 of Chapter IV of 
Title 42 of the Code of Federal Regulations).


“HMO Regulator” shall mean any Person charged with the administration, 
oversight or enforcement of any HMO Regulation, whether primarily, 
secondarily or jointly.


“HMO Subsidiary” shall mean (a) any Restricted Subsidiary that is 
designated as an HMO Subsidiary on Schedule 4.15, (b) any other Domestic 
Subsidiary that shall become capitalized or licensed as an HMO, shall 
conduct HMO Business or shall provide managed care services and (c) any 
other Domestic Subsidiary, substantially all the assets of which consist of 
Capital Stock of a HMO Subsidiary described in clause (a) or (b) above.


“Incremental Term Loan” shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.23.


“Incremental Term Loan Commitment” shall mean, with respect to Persons 
identified as an “Incremental Term Loan Lender” in the applicable 
supplement or joinder in form and substance satisfactory to the 
Administrative Agent, together with their respective successors and 
assigns, the commitment of such Person to make the Incremental Term Loan 
hereunder pursuant to such supplement or joinder; provided that, at any 
time after the funding of the Incremental Term Loan, determination of 
“Required Lenders” shall include the outstanding principal amount of the 
Incremental Term Loan.


“Indebtedness” of any Person shall mean, without duplication (a) all 
obligations of such Person for borrowed money, (b) all obligations of such 
Person evidenced by bonds, debentures, notes or



15
------------------------------------------------------------------------


other similar instruments, (c) all obligations of such Person in respect of 
the deferred purchase price of property or services (other than trade 
payables incurred in the ordinary course of business; provided, that for 
purposes of Section 8.1(g), trade payables overdue by more than 120 days 
shall be included in this definition except to the extent that any of such 
trade payables are being disputed in good faith and by appropriate 
measures), (d) all obligations of such Person under any conditional sale or 
other title retention agreement(s) relating to property acquired by such 
Person, (e) all Capital Lease Obligations of such Person, (f) all 
obligations, contingent or otherwise, of such Person in respect of letters 
of credit, acceptances or similar extensions of credit, (g) all obligations 
of such Person, contingent or otherwise, to purchase, redeem, retire or 
otherwise acquire for value any Capital Stock of such Person, (h) 
Off-Balance Sheet Liabilities, (i) the Hedge Termination Value of all 
Hedging Obligations, (j) all Guarantees of such Person of the type of 
Indebtedness described in clauses (a) through (i) above and (k) all 
Indebtedness of a third party secured by any Lien on property owned by such 
Person, whether or not such Indebtedness has been assumed by such Person.  
The Indebtedness of any Person shall include the Indebtedness of any 
partnership or joint venture in which such Person is a general partner or a 
joint venturer, except to the extent that the terms of such Indebtedness 
provide that such Person is not liable therefor.


“Indemnified Taxes” shall mean (a) Taxes, other than Excluded Taxes, 
imposed on or with respect to any payment made by or on account of any 
obligation of any Loan Party under any Loan Document and (b) to the extent 
not otherwise described in (a), Other Taxes.


“Insurance Subsidiary” shall mean (a) any Restricted Subsidiary that is 
engaged in the insurance business, assumes financial risk and that is 
regulated by the relevant Governmental Authority and (b) any other Domestic 
Subsidiary, substantially all the assets of which consist of Capital Stock 
of an Insurance Subsidiary described in clause (a) above.


“Interest Period” shall mean with respect to any Eurodollar Borrowing, a 
period of one, two, three or six months (in each case, subject to 
availability); provided, that:


        (a)the initial Interest Period for such Borrowing shall commence on
        the date of such Borrowing (including the date of any conversion
        from a Borrowing of another Type), and each Interest Period
        occurring thereafter in respect of such Borrowing shall commence on
        the day on which the next preceding Interest Period expires;
        (b)if any Interest Period would otherwise end on a day other than a
        Business Day, such Interest Period shall be extended to the next
        succeeding Business Day, unless such Business Day falls in another
        calendar month, in which case such Interest Period would end on the
        next preceding Business Day;
        (c)any Interest Period which begins on the last Business Day of a
        calendar month or on a day for which there is no numerically
        corresponding day in the calendar month at the end of such Interest
        Period shall end on the last Business Day of such calendar month;
        and
        (d)no Interest Period may extend beyond the Revolving Commitment
        Termination Date.

“Interim Financial Statements” shall mean the unaudited consolidated 
financial statements of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries for the fiscal 
quarter ending March 31, 2015, including balance sheets and statements of 
income or operations, shareholders’ equity and cash flows.


“Investments” shall mean, as to any Person, any direct or indirect 
acquisition or investment by such Person, whether by means of (a) purchase 
or other acquisition of any Capital Stock of another Person, (b) a loan, 
advance, other evidence of indebtedness or capital contribution to, 
Guarantee or assumption of



16
------------------------------------------------------------------------


debt of, or purchase or other acquisition of any other indebtedness or 
equity participation or interest in, another Person, or (c) an Acquisition. 
For purposes of covenant compliance, the amount of any Investment shall be 
the amount actually invested, without adjustment for subsequent increases 
or decreases in the value of such Investment.


“IRS” shall mean the United States Internal Revenue Service.


“Issuer Documents” shall mean with respect to any Letter of Credit, the 
Letter of Credit Application, and any other document, agreement and 
instrument entered into by the Issuing Bank and any Borrower (or any 
Subsidiary) or in favor of the Issuing Bank and relating to such Letter of 
Credit.


“Issuing Bank” shall mean SunTrust Bank in its capacity as the issuer of 
Letters of Credit hereunder, or any successor issuer of Letters of Credit.


“Laws” or “Law” shall mean, collectively, all international, foreign, 
federal, state and local statutes, treaties, rules, guidelines, 
regulations, ordinances, codes and administrative or judicial precedents or 
authorities, including the interpretation or administration thereof by any 
Governmental Authority charged with the enforcement, interpretation or 
administration thereof, and all applicable administrative orders, directed 
duties, requests, licenses, authorizations and permits of, and agreements 
with, any Governmental Authority, in each case whether or not having the 
force of law.


“LC Commitment” shall mean that portion of the Aggregate Revolving 
Commitments that may be used by the Borrower for the issuance of Letters of 
Credit in an aggregate face amount not to exceed $100,000,000.


“LC Disbursement” shall mean a payment made by the Issuing Bank pursuant to 
a Letter of Credit.


“LC Documents” shall mean all applications, agreements and instruments 
relating to the Letters of Credit but excluding the Letters of Credit.


“LC Exposure” shall mean, at any time, the sum of (a) the aggregate undrawn 
amount of all outstanding Letters of Credit at such time, plus (b) the 
aggregate amount of all LC Disbursements that have not been reimbursed by 
or on behalf of the Borrower at such time. The LC Exposure of any Lender 
shall be its Pro Rata Share of the total LC Exposure at such time. For all 
purposes of this Agreement, if on any date of determination a Letter of 
Credit has expired by its terms but any amount may still be drawn 
thereunder by reason of the operation of Rule 3.14 of the International 
Standby Practices 1998, such Letter of Credit shall be deemed to be 
“outstanding” in the amount so remaining available to be drawn.


“Lender Insolvency Event” shall mean that (a) a Lender or its Parent 
Company is insolvent, or is generally unable to pay its debts as they 
become due, or admits in writing its inability to pay its debts as they 
become due, or makes a general assignment for the benefit of its creditors, 
(b) a Lender or its Parent Company is the subject of a bankruptcy, 
insolvency, reorganization, liquidation or similar proceeding, or a 
receiver, trustee, conservator, custodian or the like has been appointed 
for such Lender or its Parent Company, or such Lender or its Parent Company 
has taken any action in furtherance of or indicating its consent to or 
acquiescence in any such proceeding or appointment, or (c) a Lender or its 
Parent Company has been adjudicated as, or determined by any Governmental 
Authority having regulatory authority over such Person or its assets to be, 
insolvent; provided that, for the avoidance of doubt, a Lender Insolvency 
Event  shall not



17
------------------------------------------------------------------------


be deemed to have occurred solely by virtue of the ownership or acquisition 
of any equity interest in or control of a Lender or a Parent Company 
thereof by a Governmental Authority or an instrumentality thereof.


“Lender-Related Hedge Provider” shall mean any Person that, (a) (i) at the 
time it enters into a Hedging Transaction with any Loan Party, is a Lender 
or an Affiliate of a Lender or (ii) has entered into a Hedging Transaction 
with any Loan Party that exists on the Closing Date, and such Person is a 
Lender or an Affiliate of a Lender on the Closing Date and (b) except when 
the Lender-Related Hedge Provider is SunTrust Bank and its Affiliates, has 
provided prior written notice to the Administrative Agent which has been 
acknowledged by the Borrower of (x) the existence of such Hedging 
Transaction, and (y) the methodology to be used by such parties in 
determining the obligations under such Hedging Transaction from time to 
time. In no event shall any Lender-Related Hedge Provider acting in such 
capacity be deemed a Lender for purposes hereof to the extent of and as to 
Hedging Obligations except that each reference to the term “Lender” in 
Article IX and Section 11.4 shall be deemed to include such Lender-Related 
Hedge Provider. In no event shall the approval of any such Person in its 
capacity as Lender-Related Hedge Provider be required in connection with 
the release or termination of any security interest or Lien of the 
Administrative Agent. No new Hedging Transactions may be established at any 
time that a Default or Event of Default exists.


“Lenders” shall mean each of the Persons identified as a “Lender” on the 
signature pages hereto and each Additional Lender that joins this Agreement 
pursuant to Section 2.23 and their successors and assigns and shall 
include, where appropriate, the Swingline Lender.


“Letter of Credit” shall mean any stand-by letter of credit issued pursuant 
to Section 2.22 by the Issuing Bank for the account of the Borrower or any 
Subsidiary pursuant to the LC Commitment.


“Letter of Credit Application” shall mean an application and agreement for 
the issuance or amendment of a Letter of Credit in the form from time to 
time in use by Issuing Bank.


“Letter of Credit Fee” shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.14(c)
.


“Lien” shall mean any mortgage, pledge, security interest, lien (statutory 
or otherwise), charge, encumbrance, hypothecation, assignment, deposit 
arrangement, or other arrangement having the practical effect of any of the 
foregoing or any preference, priority or other security agreement or 
preferential arrangement of any kind or nature whatsoever (including any 
conditional sale or other title retention agreement and any capital lease 
having the same economic effect as any of the foregoing).


“Loan Documents” shall mean, collectively, this Agreement, the LC 
Documents, the Fee Letters, all Notices of Borrowing, all Notices of 
Conversion/Continuation, all Compliance Certificates, all Issuer Documents, 
any promissory notes issued hereunder and any and all other instruments, 
agreements, documents and writings executed in connection with any of the 
foregoing.


“Loan Parties” shall mean, collectively, the Borrower and each Guarantor.


“Loans” shall mean all Revolving Loans, Swingline Loans and Incremental 
Term Loans (if any) in the aggregate or any of them, as the context shall 
require.


“Master Agreement” shall have the meaning set forth in the definition of 
“Hedging Transaction.”



18
------------------------------------------------------------------------


“Material Adverse Effect” shall mean, with respect to any event, act, 
condition or occurrence of whatever nature (including any adverse 
determination in any litigation, arbitration, or governmental investigation 
or proceeding), whether singularly or in conjunction with any other event 
or events, act or acts, condition or conditions, occurrence or occurrences 
whether or not related, resulting in a material adverse change in, or a 
material adverse effect on, (a) the business, results of operations, 
financial condition, assets, liabilities or prospects of the Borrower and 
its Restricted Subsidiaries taken as a whole, (b) the ability of the Loan 
Parties to perform any of their respective obligations under the Loan 
Documents, (c) the rights and remedies of the Administrative Agent, the 
Issuing Bank, Swingline Lender, and the Lenders under any of the Loan 
Documents or (d) the legality, validity or enforceability of any of the 
Loan Documents.


“Material Contract” means any Contractual Obligation of the Borrower or any 
Restricted Subsidiary if the revenues of the Borrower and its Restricted 
Subsidiaries attributable to such Contractual Obligation exceed five 
percent (5%) of the total revenues of the Borrower and its Restricted 
Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis for the period of the four fiscal 
quarters most recently ended for which the Borrower has delivered financial 
statements pursuant to Section 5.1(a) or (b).


“Material Domestic Subsidiary” shall mean any Domestic Subsidiary of the 
Borrower (other than an HMO Subsidiary or Insurance Subsidiary) which, as 
of the end of the most recent fiscal quarter for which the Borrower has 
delivered financial statements pursuant to Section 5.1(a) or (b) (the “
Test Date”), has (a) revenues in excess of 1.0% of the Borrower’s 
consolidated revenues for the twelve month period preceding the Test Date 
or (b) total assets in excess of 2.0% of Consolidated Total Assets as of 
the Test Date; provided, that if at any time all Domestic Subsidiaries 
(other than an HMO Subsidiary or Insurance Subsidiary) that are not 
Guarantors account in the aggregate for greater than (i) ten percent (10%) 
of the Borrower’s consolidated revenues for the twelve month period 
preceding any Test Date or (ii) ten percent (10%) of Consolidated Total 
Assets as of any Test Date, then the Borrower shall cause one or more of 
such Domestic Subsidiaries to become Guarantors pursuant to Section 5.10 
such that immediately thereafter the remaining Domestic Subsidiaries (other 
than an HMO Subsidiary or Insurance Subsidiary) that are not Guarantors 
shall not exceed either threshold set forth in clause (i) or (ii) of this 
proviso. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Molina Healthcare Data Center, 
Inc., a New Mexico corporation (“Data Center”), shall not be a Material 
Domestic Subsidiary so long as Data Center has any amounts subject to tax 
recapture as a result of its participation in the U.S. federal government’s 
New Market Tax Credit Program.


“Material Indebtedness” shall mean any Indebtedness (other than the Loans 
and Letters of Credit) and Hedging Obligations of the Borrower or any of 
its Restricted Subsidiaries, individually or in an aggregate committed or 
outstanding principal amount exceeding $50,000,000. For purposes of 
determining the amount of attributed Indebtedness from Hedging Obligations, 
the “principal amount” of any Hedging Obligations at any time shall be the 
Net Mark-to-Market Exposure of such Hedging Obligations.


“Material License” shall mean (i) as to any Person, any license, permit 
authorization or consent from a Governmental Authority or other Person and 
any registration, notice of filing with a Governmental Authority or other 
Person which if not obtained, held or made would have a Material Adverse 
Effect, and (ii) as to any other Person who is a party to this Agreement or 
any of the other Loan Documents, any license, permit, authorization or 
consent from a Governmental Authority or other Person and any registration, 
notice or filing with a Governmental Authority or other Person that is 
necessary for the execution or performance by such party, or the validity 
or enforceability against such party, of this Agreement or such other Loan 
Document.


“Medicaid” shall mean that means-tested entitlement program under Title XIX 
of the Social Security Act, which provides Federal grants to States for 
medical assistance based on specific eligibility



19
------------------------------------------------------------------------


criteria, as set forth at Section 1396, et seq. of Title 42 of the United 
States Code, as amended, and any statute succeeding thereto.


“Medicaid Regulations” shall mean (a) all Federal statutes (whether set 
forth in Title XIX of the Social Security Act or elsewhere) affecting the 
medical assistance program established by Title XIX of the Social Security 
Act and any statues succeeding thereto, (b) all applicable provisions of 
all Federal rules, regulations, manuals and orders of all Governmental 
Authorities promulgated pursuant to or in connection with the statues 
described in clause (a) above and all Federal administrative, reimbursement 
and other guidelines of all Governmental Authorities having the force of 
law promulgated pursuant to or in connection with the statues described in 
clause (a) above, (c) all state statutes and plans for medical assistance 
enacted in connection with the statutes and provisions described in clauses 
(a) and (b) above, and (d) all applicable provisions of all rules, 
regulations, manuals and orders of all Governmental Authorities promulgated 
pursuant to or in connection with the statutes described in clause (c) 
above and all state administrative, reimbursement and other guidelines of 
all Governmental Authorities having the force of law promulgated pursuant 
to or in connection with the statutes described in clause (b) above, in 
each case as may be amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time 
to time.


“Medical Reimbursement Programs” shall mean, collectively, the Medicare, 
Medicaid and TRICARE programs and any other health care program operated by 
or financed in whole or in part by any foreign or domestic Federal, state 
or local government and any other non-government funded thirty-party payor 
programs to which the Borrower or any Subsidiary is subject.


“Medicare” shall mean that government-sponsored entitlement program under 
Title XVIII of the Social Security Act, which provides for a health 
insurance system for eligible elderly and disabled individuals, as set 
forth at Section 1395, et seq. of Title 42 of the United States Code, as 
amended, and any statute succeeding thereto.


 “Medicare Regulations” shall mean, collectively, (a) all Federal statues 
(whether set forth in Title XVIII of the Social Security Act or elsewhere) 
affecting the health insurance program for the aged and disabled 
established by Title XVIII of the Social Security Act and any statues 
succeeding thereto and (b) all applicable provisions of all rules, 
regulations, manuals and orders and administrative, reimbursement and other 
guidelines having the force of law of all Governmental Authorities 
(including CMS, the OIG, HHS or any person succeeding to the functions of 
any of the foregoing) promulgated pursuant to or in connection with any of 
the foregoing having the force of law, as each may be amended, supplemented 
or otherwise modified from time to time.


“Molina Family” means, collectively, (a) Joseph M. Molina, Mary Martha 
Bernadett, John C. Molina, Janet M. Watt or Josephine Molina, (b) the 
spouse and lineal descendants and spouses of lineal descendants of any 
Person named in clause (a), (c) the estates and legal representatives of 
any Person named in clauses (a) or (b), and/or (d) trusts established for 
the benefit of any Person named in clauses (a) or (b) and controlled by any 
Person named in clauses (a) or (b).


“Moody’s” shall mean Moody’s Investors Service, Inc. or any successor to 
the ratings agency business thereof.


“Multiemployer Plan” shall mean any employee benefit plan of the type 
described in Section 4001(a)(3) of ERISA to which the Borrower makes or is 
obligated to make contributions or with respect to which Borrower has any 
liability (including on account of an ERISA Affiliate).



20
------------------------------------------------------------------------


“NAIC” shall mean the National Association of Insurance Commissioners.


“Net Mark-to-Market Exposure” of any Person shall mean, as of any date of 
determination with respect to any Hedging Obligation, the excess (if any) 
of all unrealized losses over all unrealized profits of such Person arising 
from such Hedging Obligation. “Unrealized losses” shall mean the fair 
market value of the cost to such Person of replacing the Hedging 
Transaction giving rise to such Hedging Obligation as of the date of 
determination (assuming the Hedging Transaction were to be terminated as of 
that date), and “unrealized profits” means the fair market value of the 
gain to such Person of replacing such Hedging Transaction as of the date of 
determination (assuming such Hedging Transaction were to be terminated as 
of that date).


“Non-Defaulting Lender” shall mean, at any time, a Lender that is not a 
Defaulting Lender.


“Non-Recourse Debt” shall mean, Indebtedness: (a) as to which neither the 
Borrower nor any of its Restricted Subsidiaries (i) provides credit support 
of any kind (including any undertaking, agreement or instrument that would 
constitute Indebtedness), (ii) is directly or indirectly liable as a 
guarantor or otherwise, or (iii) constitutes the lender; and (b) as to 
which the lenders have been notified in writing that they will not have any 
recourse to the stock or assets of the Borrower or any of its Restricted 
Subsidiaries, in each case other than with respect to the pledge of Capital 
Stock of any obligor securing such Indebtedness.


“Note” shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.10(b).


“Notices of Borrowing” shall mean, collectively, the Notices of Revolving 
Borrowing and the Notices of Swingline Borrowing.


“Notice of Conversion/Continuation” shall mean the notice given by the 
Borrower to the Administrative Agent in respect of the conversion or 
continuation of an outstanding Borrowing as provided in Section 2.7(b).


“Notice of Revolving Borrowing” shall have the meaning set forth in 
Section 2.3.


“Notice of Swingline Borrowing” shall have the meaning set forth in 
Section 2.4.


“Obligations” shall mean, collectively, (a) all amounts owing by the Loan 
Parties to the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Bank, any Lender 
(including the Swingline Lender) or the Arrangers pursuant to or in 
connection with this Agreement or any other Loan Document or otherwise with 
respect to any Loan or Letter of Credit including without limitation, all 
principal, interest (including any interest accruing after the filing of 
any petition in bankruptcy or the commencement of any insolvency, 
reorganization or like proceeding relating to the Borrower, whether or not 
a claim for post-filing or post-petition interest is allowed in such 
proceeding), all reimbursement obligations, fees, expenses, indemnification 
and reimbursement payments, costs and expenses (including all fees and 
expenses of counsel to the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Bank and any 
Lender (including the Swingline Lender) incurred pursuant to this Agreement 
or any other Loan Document), whether direct or indirect, absolute or 
contingent, liquidated or unliquidated, now existing or hereafter arising 
hereunder or thereunder, (b) all Hedging Obligations owed by any Loan Party 
to any Lender-Related Hedge Provider permitted by Section 7.10, and (c) all 
Bank Product Obligations, together with all renewals, extensions, 
modifications or refinancings of any of the foregoing; provided, that 
“Obligations” of a Guarantor shall exclude any Excluded Swap Obligations of 
such Guarantor.


“OFAC” shall mean the U.S. Department of the Treasury’s Office of Foreign 
Assets Control.



21
------------------------------------------------------------------------


“Off-Balance Sheet Liabilities” of any Person shall mean (i) any repurchase 
obligation or liability of such Person with respect to accounts or notes 
receivable sold by such Person, (ii) any liability of such Person under any 
sale and leaseback transactions, including (x) the sale and leaseback of 
the Molina Center located in Long Beach California, and the Ohio health 
plan office building located in Columbus, Ohio and (y) any other sale and 
leaseback transactions, whether or not such transactions create a liability 
on the balance sheet of such Person, (iii) any Synthetic Lease Obligation 
or (iv) any obligation arising with respect to any other transaction which 
is the functional equivalent of or takes the place of borrowing but which 
does not constitute a liability on the balance sheet of such Person.


“OIG” shall mean the Office of Inspector General of HHS and any successor 
thereof.


“Organization Documents” shall mean, (a) with respect to any corporation, 
the certificate or articles of incorporation and the bylaws (or equivalent 
or comparable constitutive documents with respect to any non-U.S. 
jurisdiction); (b) with respect to any limited liability company, the 
certificate or articles of formation or organization and operating 
agreement; and (c) with respect to any partnership, joint venture, trust or 
other form of business entity, the partnership, joint venture or other 
applicable agreement of formation or organization and any agreement, 
instrument, filing or notice with respect thereto filed in connection with 
its formation or organization with the applicable Governmental Authority in 
the jurisdiction of its formation or organization and, if applicable, any 
certificate or articles of formation or organization of such entity.


“OSHA” shall mean the Occupational Safety and Health Act of 1970, as 
amended from time to time, and any successor statute.


“Other Connection Taxes” shall mean, with respect to any Recipient, Taxes 
imposed as a result of a present or former connection between such 
Recipient and the jurisdiction imposing such Tax (other than connections 
arising from such Recipient having executed, delivered, become a party to, 
performed its obligations under, received payments under, received or 
perfected a security interest under, engaged in any other transaction 
pursuant to or enforced any Loan Document, or sold or assigned an interest 
in any Loan or Loan Document).


“Other Taxes” shall mean all present or future stamp, court or documentary, 
intangible, recording, filing or similar Taxes that arise from any payment 
made under, from the execution, delivery, performance, enforcement or 
registration of, from the receipt or perfection of a security interest 
under, or otherwise with respect to, any Loan Document, except any such 
Taxes that are Other Connection Taxes imposed with respect to an assignment 
(other than an assignment made pursuant to Section 2.25).


“Parent Company” shall mean, with respect to a Lender, the bank holding 
company (as defined in Regulation Y), if any, of such Lender, and/or any 
Person owning, beneficially or of record, directly or indirectly, a 
majority of the shares of such Lender.


“Participant” shall have the meaning set forth in Section 11.4(d).


“Participant Register” shall have the meaning set forth in Section 11.4(e)
.


“Payment Office” shall mean the office of the Administrative Agent located 
at 303 Peachtree Street, N.E., Atlanta, Georgia 30308, or such other 
location as to which the Administrative Agent shall have given written 
notice to the Borrower and the other Lenders.



22
------------------------------------------------------------------------


“PBGC” shall mean the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation referred to and 
defined in ERISA, and any successor entity performing similar functions.


“Permitted Acquisition” shall mean an Investment consisting of an 
Acquisition by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary, provided that (a) 
no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing or 
would result from such Acquisition, (b) the property acquired (or the 
property of the Person acquired) in such Acquisition is used or useful in 
the same or a similar line of business as the Borrower and its Restricted 
Subsidiaries were engaged in on the Closing Date (or any reasonable 
extensions or expansions thereof), (c) in the case of an Acquisition of the 
Capital Stock of another Person, the board of directors (or other 
comparable governing body) of such other Person shall have duly approved 
such Acquisition, (d) if the consideration for such Acquisition exceeds 
10.0% of Consolidated Total Assets immediately prior to giving effect to 
such Acquisition, the Borrower shall have delivered to the Administrative 
Agent a Pro Forma Compliance Certificate demonstrating that after giving 
effect to such Acquisition on a Pro Forma Basis, the Loan Parties would be 
in compliance with the financial covenants set forth in Article VI 
recomputed as of the end of the period of the four Fiscal Quarters most 
recently ended for which the Borrower has delivered financial statements 
pursuant to Section 5.1(a) or (b), (e) the representations and warranties 
made by the Loan Parties in each Loan Document shall be true and correct in 
all material respects at and as if made as of the date of such Acquisition 
(after giving effect thereto) and (f) if such transaction involves the 
purchase of an interest in a partnership between any Loan Party as a 
general partner and entities unaffiliated with the Borrower as the other 
partners, such transaction shall be effected by having such equity interest 
acquired by a corporate holding company directly or indirectly wholly‑owned 
by such Loan Party newly formed for the sole purpose of effecting such 
transaction.


“Permitted Encumbrances” shall mean:


        (a)Liens imposed by Law for taxes not yet due or which are being
        contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings diligently
        conducted and with respect to which adequate reserves are being
        maintained in accordance with GAAP;


        (b)statutory Liens of landlords, carriers, warehousemen, mechanics,
        materialmen and other Liens imposed by Law in the ordinary course
        of business for amounts not yet due or which are being contested in
        good faith by appropriate proceedings and with respect to which
        adequate reserves are being maintained in accordance with GAAP;


        (c)pledges and deposits made in the ordinary course of business in
        compliance with workers’ compensation, unemployment insurance and
        other social security Laws or regulations;


        (d)deposits to secure the performance of bids, trade contracts,
        leases, statutory obligations, surety and appeal bonds, performance
        bonds and other obligations of a like nature, in each case in the
        ordinary course of business;


        (e)judgment and attachment liens not giving rise to a Default or an
        Event of Default or Liens created by or existing from any
        litigation or legal proceeding that are currently being contested
        in good faith by appropriate proceedings and with respect to which
        adequate reserves are being maintained in accordance with GAAP;


        (f)customary rights of set-off, revocation, refund or chargeback
        under deposit agreements or under the Uniform Commercial Code or
        common law of banks or other financial



23
------------------------------------------------------------------------


        institutions where Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries
        maintains deposits (other than deposits intended as cash
        collateral) in the ordinary course of business; and


        (g)easements, zoning restrictions, rights-of-way and similar
        encumbrances on real property imposed by Law or arising in the
        ordinary course of business that do not secure any monetary
        obligations and do not materially detract from the value of the
        affected property or materially interfere with the ordinary conduct
        of business of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries taken
        as a whole;


        (h)provided, that the term “Permitted Encumbrances” shall not
        include any Lien securing Indebtedness.


“Permitted Investments” shall mean:


        (a)direct obligations of, or obligations the principal of and
        interest on which are unconditionally guaranteed by, the United
        States (or by any agency thereof to the extent such obligations are
        backed by the full faith and credit of the United States), in each
        case maturing within one year from the date of acquisition thereof;


        (b)commercial paper having the highest rating, at the time of
        acquisition thereof, of S&P or Moody’s and in either case maturing
        within six months from the date of acquisition thereof;


        (c)certificates of deposit, bankers’ acceptances and time deposits
        maturing within 180 days of the date of acquisition thereof issued
        or guaranteed by or placed with, and money market deposit accounts
        issued or offered by, any domestic office of any commercial bank
        organized under the Laws of the United States or any state thereof
        which has a combined capital and surplus and undivided profits of
        not less than $500,000,000;


        (d)fully collateralized repurchase agreements with a term of not
        more than 30 days for securities described in clause (a) above and
        entered into with a financial institution satisfying the criteria
        described in clause (c) above;


        (e)mutual funds investing solely in any one or more of the
        Permitted Investments described in clauses (a) through (d) above;


        (f)investments by an HMO Subsidiary or Insurance Subsidiary in all
        cases of the types and in the amounts (i) that qualify as “Admitted
        Assets” (or the substantive equivalent thereof under the laws of
        the relevant jurisdiction) as determined by such HMO Subsidiary or
        Insurance Subsidiary’s Primary Regulator, (ii) in the case of
        jurisdictions outside the United States, assets that are
        permissible investments for such HMO Subsidiary or Insurance
        Subsidiary pursuant to the regulatory regime administrated by the
        Primary Regulator and (iii) that at the time such investment was
        made qualified as “Admitted Assets” (or the substantive equivalent
        thereof under the laws of the relevant jurisdiction) as determined
        by such HMO Subsidiary or Insurance Subsidiary’s Primary Regulator
        at such time, but no longer qualify as “Admitted Assets” (or the
        substantive equivalent thereof under the laws of the relevant
        jurisdiction), provided that the aggregate value of Investments
        permitted to be outstanding at any one time in reliance on this
        clause (iii) shall not exceed an amount equal to 10% of the
        aggregate total fair market value of all “Admitted Assets” (or the
        substantive equivalent thereof under the laws of the relevant
        jurisdiction) as determined by such HMO Subsidiary or Insurance
        Subsidiary’s Primary Regulator, in each case



24
------------------------------------------------------------------------


        measured as of the most recently completed fiscal quarter for which
        financial statements prepared in accordance with statutory
        accounting standards are available; and


        (g)investments made in accordance with the Borrower’s Investment
        Policy dated as of September 2, 2014, which has been disclosed to
        the Agent.


“Permitted Subordinated Debt” shall mean any Indebtedness of the Borrower 
or any Restricted Subsidiary evidenced by the Subordinated Debt Documents 
or otherwise on terms and (including without limitation subordination 
provisions) acceptable to the Administrative Agent and the Required 
Lenders.


“Person” shall mean any individual, partnership, firm, corporation, 
association, joint venture, limited liability company, trust or other 
entity, or any Governmental Authority.


“Plan” shall mean any employee pension benefit plan (other than a 
Multiemployer Plan) subject to the provisions of Title IV of ERISA or 
Section 412 of the Code or Section 302 of ERISA, and in respect of which 
the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate is (or, if such plan were terminated, 
would under Section 4069 of ERISA be deemed to be) an “employer” as defined 
in Section 3(5) of ERISA.


“Primary Regulator” shall mean the state regulator having primary 
jurisdiction over the relevant HMO Subsidiary or Insurance Subsidiary.


“Pro Forma Basis” shall mean, for purposes of calculating compliance with 
respect to any Asset Sale, Recovery Event, Acquisition, Restricted Payment 
or incurrence of Indebtedness, or any other transaction subject to 
calculation on a “Pro Forma Basis” as indicated herein, that such 
transaction shall be deemed to have occurred as of the first day of the 
period of four Fiscal Quarters most recently ended for which the Borrower 
has delivered financial statements pursuant to Section 5.1(a) or (b). For 
purposes of any such calculation in respect of any Acquisition, (a) any 
Indebtedness incurred or assumed in connection with such transaction that 
is not retired in connection with such transaction (i) shall be deemed to 
have been incurred as of the first day of the applicable period and (ii) if 
such Indebtedness has a floating or formula rate, shall have an implied 
rate of interest for the applicable period for purposes of this definition 
determined by utilizing the rate which is or would be in effect with 
respect to such Indebtedness as at the relevant date of determination, (b) 
income statement items (whether positive or negative) and Capital 
Expenditures attributable to the Person or property acquired shall be 
included beginning as of the first day of the applicable period and (c) no 
adjustments for unrealized synergies shall be included.


“Pro Forma Compliance Certificate” shall mean a certificate of a 
Responsible Officer of the Borrower containing reasonably detailed 
calculations of the financial covenants set forth in Article VI recomputed 
as of the end of the period of the four fiscal quarters most recently ended 
for which the Borrower has delivered financial statements pursuant to 
Section 5.1(a) or (b) after giving effect to the applicable transaction on 
a Pro Forma Basis.


“Pro Rata Share” shall mean (a) with respect to any Commitment of any 
Lender at any time, a percentage, the numerator of which shall be such 
Lender’s Commitment (or if such Commitments have been terminated or expired 
or the Loans have been declared to be due and payable, such Lender’s 
Revolving Credit Exposure), and the denominator of which shall be the sum 
of such Commitments of all Lenders (or if such Commitments have been 
terminated or expired or the Loans have been declared to be due and 
payable, all Revolving Credit Exposure of all Lenders) and (b) with respect 
to all Commitments of any Lender at any time, the numerator of which shall 
be the sum of such Lender’s Revolving Commitment (or if such Revolving



25
------------------------------------------------------------------------


Commitments have been terminated or expired or the Loans have been declared 
to be due and payable, such Lender’s Revolving Credit Exposure) and the 
denominator of which shall be the sum of all Lenders’ Revolving Commitments 
(or if such Revolving Commitments have been terminated or expired or the 
Loans have been declared to be due and payable, all Revolving Credit 
Exposure of all Lenders funded under such Commitments).


“Qualified Cash” shall mean cash or Permitted Investments of the Borrower, 
other than Specified Cash, (a) in excess of $50,000,000, (b) that does not 
appear (or would not be required to appear) as “restricted” on a 
consolidated balance sheet of the Borrower and (c) that is not subject to a 
Lien (other than Liens of the type described in Sections 7.2(a) and (i)).


“Qualified ECP Guarantor” shall mean, in respect of any Swap Obligation, 
each Loan Party that has total assets exceeding $10,000,000 at the time the 
relevant Guaranty or grant of the relevant security interest becomes 
effective with respect to such Swap Obligation or such other Loan Party as 
constitutes an “eligible contract participant” under the Commodity Exchange 
Act or any regulations promulgated thereunder and can cause another Person 
to qualify as an “eligible contract participant” at such time by entering 
into a keepwell under Section 1a(18)(A)(v)(II) of the Commodity Exchange 
Act.


“Recipient” shall mean (a) the Administrative Agent, (b) any Lender and (c) 
any Issuing Bank as applicable.


“Recovery Event” shall mean any loss of, damage to or destruction of, or 
any condemnation or other taking for public use of, any property of the 
Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary.


“Regulation D” shall mean Regulation D of the Board of Governors of the 
Federal Reserve System, as the same may be in effect from time to time, and 
any successor regulations.


“Regulation T” shall mean Regulation T of the Board of Governors of the 
Federal Reserve System, as the same may be in effect from time to time, and 
any successor regulations.


“Regulation U” shall mean Regulation U of the Board of Governors of the 
Federal Reserve System, as the same may be in effect from time to time, and 
any successor regulations.


“Regulation X” shall mean Regulation X of the Board of Governors of the 
Federal Reserve System, as the same may be in effect from time to time, and 
any successor regulations.


“Regulation Y” shall mean Regulation Y of the Board of Governors of the 
Federal Reserve System, as the same may be in effect from time to time, and 
any successor regulations.


“Related Parties” shall mean, with respect to any specified Person, such 
Person’s Affiliates and the respective managers, administrators, trustees, 
partners, directors, officers, employees, agents, advisors or other 
representatives of such Person and such Person’s Affiliates.


“Release” shall mean any release, spill, emission, leaking, dumping, 
injection, pouring, deposit, disposal, discharge, dispersal, leaching or 
migration into the environment (including ambient air, surface water, 
groundwater, land surface or subsurface strata) or within any building, 
structure, facility or fixture.



26
------------------------------------------------------------------------


“Required Lenders” shall mean, at any time, Lenders holding more than 50% 
of the aggregate outstanding Revolving Commitments at such time or if the 
Lenders have no Commitments outstanding, then Lenders holding more than 50% 
of the Revolving Credit Exposure; provided that to the extent that any 
Lender is a Defaulting Lender, such Defaulting Lender and all of its 
Revolving Commitments and Revolving Credit Exposure shall be excluded for 
purposes of determining Required Lenders.


“Responsible Officer” shall mean, with respect to any Person, any of the 
president, the chief executive officer, the chief operating officer, the 
chief financial officer, the chief accounting officer, the chief legal 
officer, the treasurer or a vice president of such Person or such other 
representative of such Person as may be designated in writing by any one of 
the foregoing with the consent of the Administrative Agent; and, with 
respect to the financial covenants only, the chief financial officer, the 
chief accounting officer or the treasurer of such Person.


“Restricted Investment” shall mean any Investment other than an Investment 
permitted under Section 7.4.


“Restricted Payment” shall mean (a) any dividend or other distribution 
(whether in cash, securities or other property) with respect to any Capital 
Stock of any Person, or any payment (whether in cash, securities or other 
property), including any sinking fund or similar deposit, on account of the 
purchase, redemption, retirement, defeasance, acquisition, cancellation or 
termination of any such Capital Stock or on account of any return of 
capital to such Person’s stockholders, partners or members (or the 
equivalent Person thereof), or any option, warrant or other right to 
acquire any such dividend or other distribution or payment, (b) any payment 
on, or with respect to, the purchase, redemption, defeasance, acquisition 
or retirement for value of any Permitted Subordinated Debt (excluding any 
intercompany Indebtedness between or among the Borrower or any of its 
Restricted Subsidiaries), other than a payment of interest or principal to 
the extent permitted under Section 7.13 and (c) any Restricted Investment.


“Restricted Subsidiary” shall mean any Subsidiary that is not an 
Unrestricted Subsidiary.


“Revolving Commitment” shall mean, with respect to each Lender, the 
commitment of such Lender to make Revolving Loans to the Borrower and to 
acquire participations in Letters of Credit and Swingline Loans in an 
aggregate principal amount not exceeding the amount set forth with respect 
to such Lender on Schedule I, as such schedule may be amended pursuant to 
Section 2.23, or in the case of a Person becoming a Lender after the 
Closing Date, the amount of the assigned “Revolving Commitment” as provided 
in the Assignment and Acceptance executed by such Person as an assignee, or 
the joinder executed by such Person, in each case as such commitment may 
subsequently be increased or decreased pursuant to terms hereof.


“Revolving Commitment Termination Date” shall mean the earliest of (i) 
January 31, 2022, (ii) the date on which the Revolving Commitments are 
terminated pursuant to Section 2.8 and (iii) the date on which all amounts 
outstanding under this Agreement have been declared or have automatically 
become due and payable (whether by acceleration or otherwise).


“Revolving Credit Exposure” shall mean, with respect to any Lender at any 
time, the sum of the outstanding principal amount of such Lender’s 
Revolving Loans, LC Exposure and Swingline Exposure.



27
------------------------------------------------------------------------


“Revolving Loan” shall mean a loan made by a Lender (other than the 
Swingline Lender) to the Borrower under its Revolving Commitment, which may 
either be a Base Rate Loan or a Eurodollar Loan.


“S&P” shall mean Standard & Poor’s Ratings Service, or any successor to the 
ratings agency business thereof.


“Sanctioned Country” shall mean, at any time, a country, region or 
territory that is, or whose government is, the subject or target of any 
Sanctions.


“Sanctioned Person” shall mean, at any time, (a) any Person listed in any 
Sanctions-related list of designated Persons maintained by OFAC, the U.S. 
Department of State, the United Nations Security Council, the European 
Union or any EU member state, (b) any Person located, organized or resident 
in a Sanctioned Country or (c) any Person controlled by any such Person.


“Sanctions” shall mean economic or financial sanctions or trade embargoes 
administered or enforced from time to time by (a) the U.S. government, 
including those administered by OFAC or the U.S. Department of State or (b) 
the United Nations Security Council, the European Union or Her Majesty’s 
Treasury of the United Kingdom or any other applicable governmental 
authority.


“SEC” shall mean the Securities and Exchange Commission, or any 
Governmental Authority succeeding to any of its principal functions.


“Social Security Act” shall mean the Social Security Act of 1965 as set 
forth in Title 42 of the United States Code, as amended, and any successor 
statute thereto, as interpreted by the rules and regulations issued 
thereunder, in each case as in effect from time to time. References of 
section of the Social Security Act shall be construed to refer to any 
successor sections.


 “Solvent” shall mean, with respect to any Person on a particular date, 
that on such date (a) the fair value of the property of such Person is 
greater than the total amount of liabilities, including subordinated and 
contingent liabilities, of such Person; (b) the present fair saleable value 
of the assets of such Person is not less than the amount that will be 
required to pay the probable liability of such Person on its debts and 
liabilities, including subordinated and contingent liabilities as they 
become absolute and matured; (c) such Person does not intend to, and does 
not believe that it will, incur debts or liabilities beyond such Person’s 
ability to pay as such debts and liabilities mature; (d) such Person is not 
engaged in a business or transaction, and is not about to engage in a 
business or transaction, for which such Person’s property would constitute 
an unreasonably small capital; (e) such Person is able to pay its debts and 
other liabilities, contingent obligations and other commitments as they 
mature in the ordinary course of business and (f) such Person does not 
intend, in any transaction, to hinder, delay or defraud either present or 
future creditors or any other person to which such Person is or will 
become, through such transaction, indebted. The amount of contingent 
liabilities (such as litigation, guaranties and pension plan liabilities) 
at any time shall be computed as the amount that, in light of all the facts 
and circumstances existing at the time, represents the amount that would 
reasonably be expected to become an actual or matured liability.


“Specified Cash” shall mean cash and Permitted Investments of the Borrower 
that are the net cash proceeds of Indebtedness permitted to be incurred 
under Section 7.1, that are (a) subject to customary escrow arrangements 
between the Borrower and the holders of such Indebtedness prior to the use 
of such net cash proceeds and (b) to be used to (i) refinance existing 
Indebtedness, (ii) finance the Permitted Acquisition of divested lives from 
the Aetna/Humana merger or (iii) finance any other Permitted Acquisition



28
------------------------------------------------------------------------


that has been identified in writing to the Administrative Agent with a 
closing date that is not later than the date that is 365 days after the 
incurrence of Indebtedness to be used to finance such Permitted 
Acquisition.


“Specified Loan Party” shall mean each Loan Party that is, at the time on 
which the relevant Guarantee or grant of the relevant security interest 
under the Loan Documents by such Loan Party becomes effective with respect 
to a Swap Obligation, a corporation, partnership, proprietorship, 
organization, trust or other entity that would not be an “eligible contract 
participant” under the Commodity Exchange Act at such time but for the 
effect of Section 10.8.


“Subordinated Debt Documents” shall mean all indentures, agreements, notes, 
guaranties and other material agreements governing or evidencing any 
Permitted Subordinated Debt and all other material documents relating 
thereto.


“Subsidiary” shall mean, with respect to any Person (the “parent”), any 
corporation, partnership, joint venture, limited liability company, 
association or other entity the accounts of which would be consolidated 
with those of the parent in the parent’s consolidated financial statements 
if such financial statements were prepared in accordance with GAAP as of 
such date, (a) of which securities or other ownership interests 
representing more than 50% of the equity or more than 50% of the ordinary 
voting power, or in the case of a partnership, more than 50% of the general 
partnership interests are, as of such date, owned, controlled or held, or 
(b) that is, as of such date, otherwise controlled, by the parent or one or 
more subsidiaries of the parent or by the parent and one or more 
subsidiaries of the parent. Unless otherwise indicated, all references to 
“Subsidiary” hereunder shall mean a Subsidiary of the Borrower.


“SunTrust” shall mean SunTrust Bank and its successors.


“Swap Obligations” shall mean with respect to any Guarantor any obligation 
to pay or perform under any agreement, contract or transaction that 
constitutes a “swap” within the meaning of Section 1a(47) of the Commodity 
Exchange Act.


“Swingline Commitment” shall mean the commitment of the Swingline Lender to 
make Swingline Loans in an aggregate principal amount at any time 
outstanding not to exceed $15,000,000.


“Swingline Exposure” shall mean, with respect to each Lender, the principal 
amount of the Swingline Loans in which such Lender is legally obligated 
either to make a Base Rate Loan or to purchase a participation in 
accordance with Section 2.4, which shall equal such Lender’s Pro Rata Share 
of all outstanding Swingline Loans.


“Swingline Lender” shall mean SunTrust Bank in its capacity as provider of 
Swingline Loans, or any successor swingline lender hereunder.


“Swingline Loan” shall mean a loan made to the Borrower by the Swingline 
Lender under the Swingline Commitment.


“Synthetic Lease” shall mean a lease transaction under which the parties 
intend that (i) the lease will be treated as an “operating lease” by the 
lessee pursuant to Accounting Standards Codification Sections 840-10 and 
840-20, as amended and (ii) the lessee will be entitled to various tax and 
other benefits ordinarily available to owners (as opposed to lessees) of 
like property.



29
------------------------------------------------------------------------


“Synthetic Lease Obligations” shall mean, with respect to any Person, the 
sum of (i) all remaining rental obligations of such Person as lessee under 
Synthetic Leases which are attributable to principal and, without 
duplication, (ii) all rental and purchase price payment obligations of such 
Person under such Synthetic Leases assuming such Person exercises the 
option to purchase the lease property at the end of the lease term.


“Taxes” shall mean all present or future taxes, levies, imposts, duties, 
deductions, withholdings (including backup withholding), assessments, fees 
or other charges imposed by any Governmental Authority, including any 
interest, additions to tax, or penalties applicable thereto.


“Trading with the Enemy Act” shall mean the Trading with the Enemy Act of 
the United States of America (50 U.S.C. App. §§ 1 et seq.), as amended and 
in effect from time to time.


“TRICARE” shall mean the United States Department of Defense health care 
programs for active duty military, active duty service families, retirees 
and their families and other beneficiaries, including TRICARE Prime and 
TRICARE Standard, and any successor or predecessor thereof.


“Type”, when used in reference to a Loan or Borrowing, refers to whether 
the rate of interest on such Loan, or on the Loans comprising such 
Borrowing, is determined by reference to the Adjusted LIBOR or the Base 
Rate.


“United States” or “U.S.” shall mean the United States of America.


“Unrestricted Subsidiary” shall mean (a) any Subsidiary that is designated 
by the Borrower as an Unrestricted Subsidiary pursuant to a resolution of 
the board of directors (or other comparable governing body) of the Borrower 
and (b) any Subsidiary of an Unrestricted Subsidiary, but in each case, 
only to the extent that such Subsidiary:


      (i)     has no Indebtedness other than Non-Recourse Debt;


      (ii)    except as permitted by Section 7.7, is not party to any
      agreement, contract, arrangement or understanding with the Borrower
      or any Restricted Subsidiary unless the terms of any such agreement,
      contract, arrangement or understanding are not less favorable in any
      material respect to the Borrower or such Restricted Subsidiary than
      those that might be obtained at the time from Persons who are not
      Affiliates of the Borrower;


      (iii)    is a Person with respect to which neither the Borrower nor
      any of its Restricted Subsidiaries has any direct or indirect
      obligation to (x) subscribe for additional Capital Stock or (y)
      maintain or preserve such Person’s financial condition or cause such
      Person to achieve any specified levels of operating results; and


      (iv)    has not Guaranteed or otherwise directly or indirectly
      provided credit support for any Indebtedness of the Borrower or any
      of its Restricted Subsidiaries.


      Any Subsidiary of a Subsidiary of the Borrower designated by the
      board of directors of the Borrower as an Unrestricted Subsidiary
      shall also be an Unrestricted Subsidiary.


“U.S. Person” shall mean any Person that is a “United States person” as 
defined in Section 7701(a)(30) of the Code.



30
------------------------------------------------------------------------


“U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate” shall have the meaning set forth in 
Section 2.20(g).


“Withdrawal Liability” shall mean liability to a Multiemployer Plan as a 
result of a complete or partial withdrawal from such Multiemployer Plan, as 
such terms are defined in Part I of Subtitle E of Title IV of ERISA.


“Withholding Agent” shall mean any Loan Party and the Administrative Agent.


“Write-Down and Conversion Powers” shall mean, with respect to any EEA 
Resolution Authority, the write-down and conversion powers of such EEA 
Resolution Authority from time to time under the Bail-In Legislation for 
the applicable EEA Member Country, which write-down and conversion powers 
are described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule.


Section 1.2.    Classifications of Loans and Borrowings.  For purposes of 
this Agreement, Loans may be classified and referred to by Class (e.g. a 
“Revolving Loan”) or by Type (e.g. a “Eurodollar Loan” or “Base Rate Loan”) 
or by Class and Type (e.g. “Revolving Eurodollar Loan”). Borrowings also 
may be classified and referred to by Class (e.g. “Revolving Borrowing”) or 
by Type (e.g. “Eurodollar Borrowing”) or by Class and Type (e.g. “Revolving 
Eurodollar Borrowing”).


Section 1.3.    Accounting Terms and Determination.


        (a)    Unless otherwise defined or specified herein, all accounting
        terms used herein shall be interpreted, all accounting
        determinations hereunder shall be made, and all financial
        statements required to be delivered hereunder shall be prepared, in
        accordance with GAAP as in effect from time to time, applied on a
        basis consistent with the most recent audited consolidated
        financial statement of the Borrower delivered pursuant to Section
        5.1(a); provided, that if the Borrower notifies the Administrative
        Agent that the Borrower wishes to amend any covenant in Article VI
        to eliminate the effect of any change in GAAP on the operation of
        such covenant (or if the Administrative Agent notifies the Borrower
        that the Required Lenders wish to amend Article VI for such
        purpose), then the Borrower’s compliance with such covenant shall
        be determined on the basis of GAAP in effect immediately before the
        relevant change in GAAP became effective, until either such notice
        is withdrawn or such covenant is amended in a manner satisfactory
        to the Borrower and the Required Lenders.


        (b)    Notwithstanding any other provision contained herein, all
        terms of an accounting or financial nature used herein shall be
        construed, and all computations of amounts and ratios referred to
        herein shall be made, without giving effect to any election under
        Accounting Standards Codification Section 825-10 (or any other
        Financial Accounting Standard having a similar result or effect) to
        value any Indebtedness or other liabilities of any Loan Party or
        any Subsidiary of any Loan Party at "fair value", as defined
        therein. Without limiting the foregoing, leases shall continue to
        be classified and accounted for on a basis consistent with that
        reflected in the Audited Financial Statements for all purposes of
        this Agreement, notwithstanding any change in GAAP relating
        thereto, unless the parties hereto shall enter into a mutually
        acceptable amendment addressing such changes, as provided for
        above.


        (c)    Notwithstanding the above, the parties hereto acknowledge
        and agree that all calculations of the financial covenants in 
        Article VI (including for purposes of determining the Applicable
        Rate and any transaction that by the terms of this Agreement
        requires that any financial covenant contained in Article VI be
        calculated on a Pro Forma Basis) shall be made on a Pro Forma



31
------------------------------------------------------------------------


        Basis with respect to any Asset Sale, Recovery Event, an increase
        in the Revolving Commitments and/or establishment of an Incremental
        Term Loan, or Acquisition occurring during such period.


Section 1.4.    Terms Generally. The definitions of terms herein shall 
apply equally to the singular and plural forms of the terms defined. 
Whenever the context may require, any pronoun shall include the 
corresponding masculine, feminine and neuter forms. The words “include”, 
“includes” and “including” shall be deemed to be followed by the phrase 
“without limitation”. The word “will” shall be construed to have the same 
meaning and effect as the word “shall”. In the computation of periods of 
time from a specified date to a later specified date, the word “from” means 
“from and including” and the word “to” means “to but excluding”. Unless the 
context requires otherwise (i) any definition of or reference to any 
agreement, instrument or other document herein shall be construed as 
referring to such agreement, instrument or other document as it was 
originally executed or as it may from time to time be amended, restated, 
supplemented or otherwise modified (subject to any restrictions on such 
amendments, supplements or modifications set forth herein), (ii) any 
reference herein to any Person shall be construed to include such Person’s 
successors and permitted assigns, (iii) the words “hereof”, “herein” and 
“hereunder” and words of similar import shall be construed to refer to this 
Agreement as a whole and not to any particular provision hereof, (iv) all 
references to Articles, Sections, Exhibits and Schedules shall be construed 
to refer to Articles, Sections, Exhibits and Schedules to this Agreement 
and (v) all references to a specific time shall be construed to refer to 
the time in the city and state of the Administrative Agent’s principal 
office, unless otherwise indicated.


Section 1.5.    Letter of Credit Amounts. Unless otherwise specified 
herein, the amount of a Letter of Credit at any time shall be deemed to be 
the stated amount of such Letter of Credit in effect at such time; 
provided, however, that with respect to any Letter of Credit that, by its 
terms or the terms of any Issuer Document related thereto, provides for one 
or more automatic increases in the stated amount thereof, the amount of 
such Letter of Credit shall be deemed to be the maximum stated amount of 
such Letter of Credit after giving effect to all such increases, whether or 
not such maximum stated amount is in effect at such time.


Section 1.6.    Times of Day. Unless otherwise specified, all references 
herein to times of day shall be references to Eastern time (daylight or 
standard, as applicable).




ARTICLE II


AMOUNT AND TERMS OF THE COMMITMENTS


Section 2.1.    General Description of Facilities. Subject to and upon the 
terms and conditions herein set forth, (i) the Lenders hereby establish in 
favor of the Borrower a revolving credit facility pursuant to which each 
Lender severally agrees (to the extent of such Lender’s Revolving 
Commitment) to make Revolving Loans to the Borrower in accordance with 
Section 2.2, (ii) the Issuing Bank may issue Letters of Credit in 
accordance with Section 2.22, (iii) the Swingline Lender may make Swingline 
Loans in accordance with Section 2.4 and (iv) each Lender agrees to 
purchase a participation interest in the Letters of Credit and the 
Swingline Loans pursuant to the terms and conditions hereof; provided, that 
in no event shall the aggregate principal amount of all outstanding 
Revolving Loans, Swingline Loans and outstanding LC Exposure exceed the 
Aggregate Revolving Commitments in effect from time to time.




Section 2.2.    Revolving Loans. Subject to the terms and conditions set 
forth herein, each Lender severally agrees to make Revolving Loans, ratably 
in proportion to its Pro Rata Share of the Revolving Commitments, to the 
Borrower, from time to time during the Availability Period, in an aggregate 
principal




32
------------------------------------------------------------------------


amount outstanding at any time that will not result in (a) such Lender’s 
Revolving Credit Exposure exceeding such Lender’s Revolving Commitment or 
(b) the aggregate Revolving Credit Exposures of all Lenders exceeding the 
Aggregate Revolving Commitments. During the Availability Period, the 
Borrower shall be entitled to borrow, prepay and reborrow Revolving Loans 
in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement; provided, 
that the Borrower may not borrow or reborrow should there exist a Default 
or Event of Default.


Section 2.3.    Procedure for Revolving Borrowings. The Borrower shall give 
the Administrative Agent written notice (or telephonic notice promptly 
confirmed in writing) of each Revolving Borrowing substantially in the form 
of Exhibit 2.3 (a “Notice of Revolving Borrowing”) (x) prior to 11:00 a.m. 
on the requested date of each Base Rate Borrowing and (y) prior to 11:00 
a.m. three (3) Business Days prior to the requested date of each Eurodollar 
Borrowing. Each Notice of Revolving Borrowing shall be irrevocable and 
shall specify: (i) the aggregate principal amount of such Borrowing, (ii) 
the date of such Borrowing (which shall be a Business Day), (iii) the Type 
of such Revolving Loan comprising such Borrowing and (iv) in the case of a 
Eurodollar Borrowing, the duration of the initial Interest Period 
applicable thereto (subject to the provisions of the definition of Interest 
Period). Each Revolving Borrowing shall consist of Base Rate Loans or 
Eurodollar Loans or a combination thereof, as the Borrower may request. The 
aggregate principal amount of each Eurodollar Borrowing shall be not less 
than $5,000,000 or a larger multiple of $1,000,000, and the aggregate 
principal amount of each Base Rate Borrowing shall not be less than 
$1,000,000 or a larger multiple of $100,000; provided, that Base Rate Loans 
made pursuant to Section 2.4 or Section 2.22(d) may be made in lesser 
amounts as provided therein. At no time shall the total number of 
Eurodollar Borrowings outstanding at any time exceed six. Promptly 
following the receipt of a Notice of Revolving Borrowing in accordance 
herewith, the Administrative Agent shall advise each Lender of the details 
thereof and the amount of such Lender’s Revolving Loan to be made as part 
of the requested Revolving Borrowing.


Section 2.4.    Swingline Commitment.

        (a)Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, the
        Swingline Lender may, in its sole discretion, make Swingline Loans
        to the Borrower, from time to time during the Availability Period,
        in an aggregate principal amount outstanding at any time not to
        exceed the lesser of (i) the Swingline Commitment then in effect
        and (ii) the difference between the Aggregate Revolving Commitments
        and the aggregate Revolving Credit Exposures of all Lenders; 
        provided, that the Swingline Lender shall not be required to make a
        Swingline Loan to refinance an outstanding Swingline Loan. The
        Borrower shall be entitled to borrow, repay and reborrow Swingline
        Loans in accordance with the terms and conditions of this
        Agreement.

        (b)The Borrower shall give the Administrative Agent written notice
        (or telephonic notice promptly confirmed in writing) of each
        Swingline Borrowing substantially in the form of Exhibit 2.4
        attached hereto (“Notice of Swingline Borrowing”) prior to 10:00
        a.m. on the requested date of each Swingline Borrowing. Each Notice
        of Swingline Borrowing shall be irrevocable and shall specify: (i)
        the principal amount of such Swingline Loan, (ii) the date of such
        Swingline Loan (which shall be a Business Day) and (iii) the
        account of the Borrower to which the proceeds of such Swingline
        Loan should be credited. The Administrative Agent will promptly
        advise the Swingline Lender of each Notice of Swingline Borrowing.
        The aggregate principal amount of each Swingline Loan shall not be
        less than $100,000 or a larger multiple of $50,000, or such other
        minimum amounts agreed to by the Swingline Lender and the Borrower.
        The Swingline Lender will make the proceeds of each Swingline Loan
        available to the Borrower in Dollars in immediately available funds
        at the account specified by the Borrower in the applicable Notice
        of Swingline Borrowing not later than 1:00 p.m. on the requested
        date of such Swingline Loan.


33
------------------------------------------------------------------------



        (c)The Swingline Lender, at any time and from time to time in its
        sole discretion, may, on behalf of the Borrower (which hereby
        irrevocably authorizes and directs the Swingline Lender to act on
        its behalf), give a Notice of Revolving Borrowing to the
        Administrative Agent requesting the Lenders (including the
        Swingline Lender) to make Base Rate Loans in an amount equal to the
        unpaid principal amount of any Swingline Loan. Each Lender will
        make the proceeds of its Base Rate Loan included in such Borrowing
        available to the Administrative Agent for the account of the
        Swingline Lender in accordance with Section 2.6, and such proceeds
        will be used solely for the repayment of such Swingline Loan.

        (d)If for any reason a Base Rate Borrowing may not be (as
        determined in the sole discretion of the Administrative Agent), or
        is not, made in accordance with the foregoing provisions, then each
        Lender (other than the Swingline Lender) shall purchase an
        undivided participating interest in such Swingline Loan in an
        amount equal to its Pro Rata Share thereof on the date that such
        Base Rate Borrowing should have occurred. On the date of such
        required purchase, each Lender shall promptly transfer, in
        immediately available funds, the amount of its participating
        interest to the Administrative Agent for the account of the
        Swingline Lender.

        (e)Each Lender’s obligation to make a Base Rate Loan pursuant to 
        Section 2.4(c) or to purchase the participating interests pursuant
        to Section 2.4(d) shall be absolute and unconditional and shall not
        be affected by any circumstance, including without limitation (i)
        any setoff, counterclaim, recoupment, defense or other right that
        such Lender or any other Person may have or claim against the
        Swingline Lender, the Borrower or any other Person for any reason
        whatsoever, (ii) the existence of a Default or an Event of Default
        or the termination of any Lender’s Revolving Commitment, (iii) the
        existence (or alleged existence) of any event or condition which
        has had or could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse
        Effect, (iv) any breach of this Agreement or any other Loan
        Document by any Loan Party, the Administrative Agent or any Lender
        or (v) any other circumstance, happening or event whatsoever,
        whether or not similar to any of the foregoing. If such amount is
        not in fact made available to the Swingline Lender by any Lender,
        the Swingline Lender shall be entitled to recover such amount on
        demand from such Lender, together with accrued interest thereon for
        each day from the date of demand thereof (i) at the Federal Funds
        Rate until the second Business Day after such demand and (ii) at
        the Base Rate at all times thereafter. Until such time as such
        Lender makes its required payment, the Swingline Lender shall be
        deemed to continue to have outstanding Swingline Loans in the
        amount of the unpaid participation for all purposes of the Loan
        Documents. In addition, such Lender shall be deemed to have
        assigned any and all payments made of principal and interest on its
        Loans and any other amounts due to it hereunder, to the Swingline
        Lender to fund the amount of such Lender’s participation interest
        in such Swingline Loans that such Lender failed to fund pursuant to
        this Section 2.4, until such amount has been purchased in full.

Section 2.5.    Reserved.


Section 2.6.    Funding of Borrowings.


        (a)Each Lender will make available each Revolving Loan to be made
        by it hereunder on the proposed date thereof by wire transfer in
        immediately available funds by 2:00 p.m. to the Administrative
        Agent at the Payment Office; provided, that the Swingline Loans
        will be made as


34
------------------------------------------------------------------------


        set forth in Section 2.4. The Administrative Agent will make such
        Loans available to the Borrower by promptly crediting the amounts
        that it receives, in like funds by the close of business on such
        proposed date, to an account maintained by the Borrower with the
        Administrative Agent or at the Borrower’s option, by effecting a
        wire transfer of such amounts to an account designated by the
        Borrower to the Administrative Agent.

        (b)Unless the Administrative Agent shall have been notified by any
        Lender prior to 1:00 p.m. on the date of a Borrowing in which such
        Lender is to participate that such Lender will not make available
        to the Administrative Agent such Lender’s share of such Borrowing,
        the Administrative Agent may assume that such Lender has made such
        amount available to the Administrative Agent on such date, and the
        Administrative Agent, in reliance on such assumption, may make
        available to the Borrower on such date a corresponding amount. If
        such corresponding amount is not in fact made available to the
        Administrative Agent by such Lender on the date of such Borrowing,
        the Administrative Agent shall be entitled to recover such
        corresponding amount on demand from such Lender together with
        interest at the Federal Funds Rate until the second Business Day
        after such demand and thereafter at the Base Rate. If such Lender
        does not pay such corresponding amount forthwith upon the
        Administrative Agent’s demand therefor, the Administrative Agent
        shall promptly notify the Borrower, and the Borrower shall
        immediately pay such corresponding amount to the Administrative
        Agent together with interest at the rate specified for such
        Borrowing. Nothing in this subsection shall be deemed to relieve
        any Lender from its obligation to fund its Pro Rata Share of any
        Borrowing hereunder or to prejudice any rights which the Borrower
        may have against any Lender as a result of any default by such
        Lender hereunder.

        (c)All Revolving Borrowings shall be made by the Lenders on the
        basis of their respective Pro Rata Shares. No Lender shall be
        responsible for any default by any other Lender in its obligations
        hereunder, and each Lender shall be obligated to make its Loans
        provided to be made by it hereunder, regardless of the failure of
        any other Lender to make its Loans hereunder.

Section 2.7.    Interest Elections.


        (a)    Each Borrowing initially shall be of the Type specified in
        the applicable Notice of Borrowing. Thereafter, the Borrower may
        elect to convert such Borrowing into a different Type or to
        continue such Borrowing, all as provided in this Section 2.7. The
        Borrower may elect different options with respect to different
        portions of the affected Borrowing, in which case each such portion
        shall be allocated ratably among the Lenders holding Loans
        comprising such Borrowing, and the Loans comprising each such
        portion shall be considered a separate Borrowing.


        (b)    To make an election pursuant to this Section 2.7, the
        Borrower shall give the Administrative Agent prior written notice
        (or telephonic notice promptly confirmed in writing) of each
        Borrowing that is to be converted or continued, as the case may be,
        substantially in the form of Exhibit 2.7 attached hereto (a “
        Notice of Conversion/Continuation”) (x) prior to 10:00 a.m. one (1)
        Business Day prior to the requested date of a conversion into a
        Base Rate Borrowing and (y) prior to 11:00 a.m. three (3) Business
        Days prior to a continuation of or conversion into a Eurodollar
        Borrowing. Each such Notice of Conversion/Continuation shall be
        irrevocable and shall specify (i) the Borrowing to which such
        Notice of Conversion/Continuation applies and if different options
        are being elected with respect to different portions thereof, the
        portions thereof that are to be allocated to each resulting
        Borrowing (in which case the information to be specified pursuant
        to clauses (iii) and (iv) shall be specified for each resulting
        Borrowing); (ii) the effective date of the




35
------------------------------------------------------------------------


        election made pursuant to such Notice of Conversion/Continuation,
        which shall be a Business Day; (iii) whether the resulting
        Borrowing is to be a Base Rate Borrowing or a Eurodollar Borrowing;
        and (iv) if the resulting Borrowing is to be a Eurodollar
        Borrowing, the Interest Period applicable thereto after giving
        effect to such election, which shall be a period contemplated by
        the definition of “Interest Period”. If any such Notice of
        Conversion/Continuation requests a Eurodollar Borrowing but does
        not specify an Interest Period, the Borrower shall be deemed to
        have selected an Interest Period of one month. The principal amount
        of any resulting Borrowing shall satisfy the minimum borrowing
        amount for Eurodollar Borrowings and Base Rate Borrowings set forth
        in Section 2.3.


        (c)    If, on the expiration of any Interest Period in respect of
        any Eurodollar Borrowing, the Borrower shall have failed to deliver
        a Notice of Conversion/Continuation, then, unless such Borrowing is
        repaid as provided herein, the Borrower shall be deemed to have
        elected to convert such Borrowing to a Base Rate Borrowing. No
        Borrowing may be converted into, or continued as, a Eurodollar
        Borrowing if a Default or an Event of Default exists, unless the
        Administrative Agent and each of the Lenders shall have otherwise
        consented in writing. No conversion of any Eurodollar Loans shall
        be permitted except on the last day of the Interest Period in
        respect thereof.


        (d)    Upon receipt of any Notice of Conversion/Continuation, the
        Administrative Agent shall promptly notify each Lender of the
        details thereof and of such Lender’s portion of each resulting
        Borrowing.


Section 2.8.    Optional Reduction and Termination of Commitments.


        (a)    Unless previously terminated, all Revolving Commitments,
        Swingline Commitments and LC Commitments shall terminate on the
        Revolving Commitment Termination Date.


        (b)    Upon at least three (3) Business Days’ prior written notice
        (or telephonic notice promptly confirmed in writing) to the
        Administrative Agent (which notice shall be irrevocable), the
        Borrower may reduce the Aggregate Revolving Commitments in part or
        terminate the Aggregate Revolving Commitments in whole; provided,
        that (i) any partial reduction shall apply to reduce
        proportionately and permanently the Revolving Commitment of each
        Lender, (ii) any partial reduction pursuant to this Section 2.8
        shall be in an amount of at least $5,000,000 and any larger
        multiple of $1,000,000, and (iii) no such reduction shall be
        permitted which would reduce the Aggregate Revolving Commitments to
        an amount less than the aggregate outstanding Revolving Credit
        Exposure of all Lenders. Any such reduction in the Aggregate
        Revolving Commitments below the principal amount of the Swingline
        Commitment and the LC Commitment shall result in a
        dollar-for-dollar reduction in the Swingline Commitment and the LC
        Commitment.


Section 2.9.    Repayment of Loans.


      The outstanding principal amount of all Revolving Loans and Swingline
      Loans shall be due and payable (together with accrued and unpaid
      interest thereon) on the Revolving Commitment Termination Date.






36
------------------------------------------------------------------------


      Section 2.10.    Evidence of Indebtedness.

        (a)Each Lender shall maintain in accordance with its usual practice
        appropriate records evidencing the Indebtedness of the Borrower to
        such Lender resulting from each Loan made by such Lender from time
        to time, including the amounts of principal and interest payable
        thereon and paid to such Lender from time to time under this
        Agreement. The Administrative Agent shall maintain appropriate
        records in which shall be recorded (i) the Revolving Commitment of
        each Lender, (ii) the amount of each Loan made hereunder by each
        Lender, the Class and Type thereof and, in the case of each
        Eurodollar Loan, the Interest Period applicable thereto, (iii) the
        date of each continuation thereof pursuant to Section 2.7, (iv) the
        date of each conversion of all or a portion thereof to another Type
        pursuant to Section 2.7, (v) the date and amount of any principal
        or interest due and payable or to become due and payable from the
        Borrower to each Lender hereunder in respect of such Loans and (vi)
        both the date and amount of any sum received by the Administrative
        Agent hereunder from the Borrower in respect of the Loans and each
        Lender’s Pro Rata Share thereof. The entries made in such records
        shall be prima facie evidence of the existence and amounts of the
        obligations of the Borrower therein recorded; provided, that the
        failure or delay of any Lender or the Administrative Agent in
        maintaining or making entries into any such record or any error
        therein shall not in any manner affect the obligation of the
        Borrower to repay the Loans (both principal and unpaid accrued
        interest) of such Lender in accordance with the terms of this
        Agreement.

        (b)This Agreement evidences the obligation of the Borrower to repay
        the Loans and is being executed as a “noteless” credit agreement.
        However, at the request of any Lender (including the Swingline
        Lender) at any time, the Borrower agrees that it will prepare,
        execute and deliver to such Lender a promissory note payable to the
        order of such Lender in the form of Exhibit 2.10 (a “Note”).
        Thereafter, the Loans evidenced by such promissory note and
        interest thereon shall at all times (including after assignment
        permitted hereunder) be represented by one or more promissory notes
        in such form payable to the order of the payee named therein (or,
        if such promissory note is a registered note, to such payee and its
        registered assigns).

Section 2.11.    Optional Prepayments. The Borrower shall have the right at 
any time and from time to time to prepay any Borrowing, in whole or in 
part, without premium or penalty, by giving irrevocable written notice (or 
telephonic notice promptly confirmed in writing) to the Administrative 
Agent no later than (i) in the case of prepayment of any Eurodollar 
Borrowing, 11:00 a.m. not less than three (3) Business Days prior to any 
such prepayment, (ii) in the case of any prepayment of any Base Rate 
Borrowing, 11:00 a.m. not less than one Business Day prior to the date of 
such prepayment, and (iii) in the case of Swingline Borrowings, 11:00 a.m. 
on the date of such prepayment. Each such notice shall be irrevocable and 
shall specify the proposed date of such prepayment and the principal amount 
of each Borrowing or portion thereof to be prepaid. Upon receipt of any 
such notice, the Administrative Agent shall promptly notify each affected 
Lender of the contents thereof and of such Lender’s Pro Rata Share of any 
such prepayment. If such notice is given, the aggregate amount specified in 
such notice shall be due and payable on the date designated in such notice, 
together with accrued interest to such date on the amount so prepaid in 
accordance with Section 2.13(d); provided, that if a Eurodollar Borrowing 
is prepaid on a date other than the last day of an Interest Period 
applicable thereto, the Borrower shall also pay all amounts required 
pursuant to Section 2.19. Each partial prepayment of any Loan (other than a 
Swingline Loan) shall be in an amount that would be permitted in the case 
of an advance of a Revolving Borrowing of the same Type pursuant to Section 
2.3 or in the case of a Swingline Loan pursuant to Section 2.4. Each 
prepayment of a Borrowing shall be applied ratably to the Loans comprising 
such Borrowing.




37
------------------------------------------------------------------------


Section 2.12.    Mandatory Prepayments    . If at any time the Revolving 
Credit Exposure of all Lenders exceeds the Aggregate Revolving Commitments, 
as reduced pursuant to Section 2.8 or otherwise, the Borrower shall 
immediately repay Swingline Loans and Revolving Loans in an amount equal to 
such excess, together with all accrued and unpaid interest on such excess 
amount and any amounts due under Section 2.19. Each prepayment shall be 
applied first to the Swingline Loans to the full extent thereof, second to 
the Base Rate Loans to the full extent thereof, and finally to Eurodollar 
Loans to the full extent thereof. If after giving effect to prepayment of 
all Swingline Loans and Revolving Loans, the Revolving Credit Exposure of 
all Lenders exceeds the Aggregate Revolving Commitments, the Borrower shall 
Cash Collateralize its reimbursement obligations with respect to all 
Letters of Credit in an amount equal to such excess plus any accrued and 
unpaid fees thereon.


Section 2.13.    Interest on Loans.

        (a)The Borrower shall pay interest on (i) each Base Rate Loan at
        the Base Rate plus the Applicable Margin in effect from time to
        time and (ii) each Eurodollar Loan at the Adjusted LIBOR for the
        applicable Interest Period in effect for such Loan plus the
        Applicable Margin in effect from time to time.

        (b)The Borrower shall pay interest on each Swingline Loan at the
        Base Rate plus the Applicable Margin in effect from time to time.

            (i)Notwithstanding clauses (a) and (b) above, if an Event of
            Default has occurred and is continuing, at the option of the
            Required Lenders, or automatically in the case of an Event of
            Default under Sections 8.1(a), (h) or (i), the Borrower shall
            pay interest (“Default Interest”) with respect to all
            Eurodollar Loans at the rate per annum equal to two percent
            (2.00%) above the otherwise applicable interest rate for such
            Eurodollar Loans for the then-current Interest Period until the
            last day of such Interest Period, and thereafter, and with
            respect to all Base Rate Loans and all other Obligations
            hereunder (other than Loans), at the rate per annum equal to
            two percent (2.00%) above the otherwise applicable interest
            rate for Base Rate Loans.

            (ii)Interest on the principal amount of all Loans shall accrue
            from and including the date such Loans are made to but
            excluding the date of any repayment thereof. Interest on all
            outstanding Base Rate Loans and Swingline Loans shall be
            payable quarterly in arrears on the last day of each March,
            June, September and December and on the Revolving Commitment
            Termination Date. Interest on all outstanding Eurodollar Loans
            shall be payable on the last day of each Interest Period
            applicable thereto, and, in the case of any Eurodollar Loans
            having an Interest Period in excess of three months, on each
            day which occurs every three months after the initial date of
            such Interest Period, and on the Revolving Commitment
            Termination Date. Interest on any Loan which is converted into
            a Loan of another Type or which is repaid or prepaid shall be
            payable on the date of such conversion or on the date of any
            such repayment or prepayment (on the amount repaid or prepaid)
            thereof. All Default Interest shall be payable on demand.

            (iii)The Administrative Agent shall determine each interest
            rate applicable to the Loans hereunder and shall promptly
            notify the Borrower and the Lenders of such rate in writing (or
            by telephone, promptly confirmed in writing). Any such
            determination shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes,
            absent manifest error.



38
------------------------------------------------------------------------


Section 2.14.    Fees.


        (a)    The Borrower shall pay to the Administrative Agent for its
        own account fees in the amounts and at the times previously agreed
        upon in writing by the Borrower and the Administrative Agent.


        (b)    The Borrower agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent for
        the account of each Lender a commitment fee (the “Commitment Fee
        ”), which shall accrue at the Applicable Margin on the daily amount
        of the unused Revolving Commitment of such Lender during the
        Availability Period.  For purposes of computing the Commitment Fee
        with respect to the Revolving Commitments, the Revolving Commitment
        of each Lender shall be deemed used to the extent of the
        outstanding Revolving Loans and LC Exposure, but not Swingline
        Exposure, of such Lender.


        (c)    The Borrower agrees to pay (i) to the Administrative Agent,
        for the account of each Lender, a letter of credit fee with respect
        to its participation in each Letter of Credit (the “Letter of
        Credit Fee”), which shall accrue at a rate per annum equal to the
        Applicable Margin then in effect on the average daily amount of
        such Lender’s LC Exposure attributable to such Letter of Credit
        during the period from and including the date of issuance of such
        Letter of Credit to but excluding the date on which such Letter of
        Credit expires or is drawn in full (such Letter of Credit Fee shall
        continue to accrue on any LC Exposure that remains outstanding
        after the Revolving Commitment Termination Date) and (ii) to the
        Issuing Bank for its own account a fronting fee, which shall accrue
        at the rate set forth in the Fee Letters on the average daily
        amount of the LC Exposure during the Availability Period (or until
        the date that such Letter of Credit is irrevocably cancelled,
        whichever is later), as well as the Issuing Bank’s standard fees
        with respect to issuance, amendment, renewal or extension of any
        Letter of Credit or processing of drawings thereunder.
        Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Default Interest has been
        imposed pursuant to Section 2.13(c), the rate per annum used to
        calculate the letter of credit fee pursuant to clause (i) above
        shall automatically be increased by two percent (2.00%).


        (d)    The Borrower shall pay on the Closing Date to the
        Administrative Agent and its affiliates all fees in the Fee Letters
        that are due and payable on the Closing Date. The Borrower shall
        pay on the Closing Date to the Lenders all upfront fees previously
        agreed in writing.


        (e)    Accrued fees under paragraphs (b) and (c) above shall be
        payable quarterly in arrears on the last day of each March, June,
        September and December, commencing on the first such date to occur
        after the Closing Date and on the Revolving Commitment Termination
        Date (and if later, the date the Loans and LC Exposure shall be
        repaid in their entirety); provided further, that any such fees
        accruing after the Revolving Commitment Termination Date shall be
        payable on demand.


        (f)    Anything herein to the contrary notwithstanding, during such
        period as a Lender is a Defaulting Lender, such Defaulting Lender
        will not be entitled to Commitment Fees during such period pursuant
        to Section 2.14(b) or Letter of Credit Fees accruing during such
        period pursuant to Section 2.14(c)  (without prejudice to the
        rights of the Lenders other than Defaulting Lenders in respect of
        such fees), provided that (a) to the extent that a portion of the
        LC Exposure of such Defaulting Lender is reallocated to the
        Non-Defaulting Lenders pursuant to Section 2.26, such fees that
        would have accrued for the benefit of such Defaulting Lender will
        instead accrue for the benefit of and be payable to such
        Non-Defaulting Lenders, pro rata in accordance with their
        respective Revolving Commitments and (b) to the extent any portion
        of such LC Exposure cannot




39
------------------------------------------------------------------------


        be so reallocated, such fees will instead accrue for the benefit of
        and be payable to the Issuing Bank. The pro rata payment provisions
        of Section 2.21 shall automatically be deemed adjusted to reflect
        the provisions of this subsection (f).


Section 2.15.    Computation of Interest and Fees.


All computations of interest and fees hereunder shall be computed on the 
basis of a year of 360 days and paid for the actual number of days elapsed 
(including the first day but excluding the last day). Each determination by 
the Administrative Agent of an interest rate or fee hereunder shall be made 
in good faith and, except for manifest error, shall be final, conclusive 
and binding for all purposes.


Section 2.16.    Inability to Determine Interest Rates. If prior to the 
commencement of any Interest Period for any Eurodollar Borrowing,


        (a)    the Administrative Agent shall have determined (which
        determination shall be conclusive and binding upon the Borrower
        absent manifest error) that, by reason of circumstances affecting
        the relevant interbank market, adequate means do not exist for
        ascertaining the Adjusted LIBOR for such Interest Period, or


        (b)    the Administrative Agent shall have received notice from the
        Required Lenders that the Adjusted LIBOR does not adequately and
        fairly reflect the cost to such Lenders (or Lender, as the case may
        be) of making, funding or maintaining their (or its, as the case
        may be) Eurodollar Loans for such Interest Period,


the Administrative Agent shall give written notice (or telephonic notice, 
promptly confirmed in writing) to the Borrower and to the Lenders as soon 
as practicable thereafter. Until the Administrative Agent shall notify the 
Borrower and the Lenders that the circumstances giving rise to such notice 
no longer exist, (A) the obligations of the Lenders to make Eurodollar 
Loans or to continue or convert outstanding Loans as or into Eurodollar 
Loans shall be suspended and (B) all such affected Loans shall be converted 
into Base Rate Loans on the last day of the then current Interest Period 
applicable thereto unless the Borrower prepays such Loans in accordance 
with this Agreement. Unless the Borrower notifies the Administrative Agent 
at least one Business Day before the date of any Eurodollar Borrowing for 
which a Notice of Revolving Borrowing or Notice of Conversion/Continuation 
has previously been given that it elects not to borrow on such date, then 
such Revolving Borrowing shall be made as a Base Rate Borrowing.


Section 2.17.    Illegality. If any Change in Law shall make it unlawful or 
impossible for any Lender to make, maintain or fund any Eurodollar Loan and 
such Lender shall so notify the Administrative Agent, the Administrative 
Agent shall promptly give notice thereof to the Borrower and the other 
Lenders, whereupon until such Lender notifies the Administrative Agent and 
the Borrower that the circumstances giving rise to such suspension no 
longer exist, the obligation of such Lender to make Eurodollar Loans, or to 
continue or convert outstanding Loans as or into Eurodollar Loans, shall be 
suspended. In the case of the making of a Eurodollar Borrowing, such 
Lender’s Revolving Loan shall be made as a Base Rate Loan as part of the 
same Revolving Borrowing and, with respect to Eurodollar Loans, for the 
same Interest Period, and if the affected Eurodollar Loan is then 
outstanding, such Loan shall be converted to a Base Rate Loan immediately, 
and, in the case of a Loan that is a Eurodollar Loan, either (i) on the 
last day of the then current Interest Period applicable to such Eurodollar 
Loan if such Lender may lawfully continue to maintain such Loan to such 
date or (ii) immediately if such Lender shall determine that it may not 
lawfully continue to maintain such Eurodollar Loan to such date. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the affected Lender shall, prior to giving 
such




40
------------------------------------------------------------------------


notice to the Administrative Agent, designate a different Applicable 
Lending Office if such designation would avoid the need for giving such 
notice and if such designation would not otherwise be disadvantageous to 
such Lender in the good faith exercise of its discretion.




41
------------------------------------------------------------------------


Section 2.18.    Increased Costs.


        (a)    If any Change in Law shall:


            (i)    impose, modify or deem applicable any reserve, special
            deposit, compulsory loan, insurance charge or similar
            requirement that is not otherwise included in the determination
            of the Adjusted LIBOR hereunder against assets of, deposits
            with or for the account of, or credit extended or participated
            in by, any Lender (except any such reserve requirement
            reflected in the Adjusted LIBOR) or the Issuing Bank;


            (ii)    subject any Recipient to any Taxes (other than (A)
            Indemnified Taxes, (B) Taxes described in clauses (b) through 
            (d) of the definition of Excluded Taxes and (C) Connection
            Income Taxes) on its loans, loan principal, letters of credit,
            commitments, or other obligations, or its deposits, reserves,
            other liabilities or capital attributable thereto; or


            (iii)    impose on any Lender or on the Issuing Bank or the
            eurodollar interbank market any other condition, cost or
            expense affecting this Agreement or any Eurodollar Loans made
            by such Lender or any Letter of Credit or any participation
            therein;


      and the result of either of the foregoing is to increase the cost to
      such Lender of making, converting into, continuing or maintaining a
      Eurodollar Loan or of maintaining its obligation to make any such
      Loan or to increase the cost to such Lender or the Issuing Bank of
      participating in or issuing any Letter of Credit (or of maintaining
      its obligation to participate in any Letter of Credit) or to reduce
      the amount received or receivable by such Lender or the Issuing Bank
      hereunder (whether of principal, interest or any other amount), then
      the Borrower shall promptly pay, upon written notice from and demand
      by such Lender on the Borrower (with a copy of such notice and demand
      to the Administrative Agent), to the Administrative Agent for the
      account of such Lender, within five (5) Business Days after the date
      of such notice and demand, additional amount or amounts sufficient to
      compensate such Lender or the Issuing Bank, as the case may be, for
      such additional costs incurred or reduction suffered.


        (b)    If any Lender or the Issuing Bank shall have determined that
        on or after the date of this Agreement any Change in Law regarding
        capital or liquidity requirements has or would have the effect of
        reducing the rate of return on such Lender’s or the Issuing Bank’s
        capital (or on the capital of the Parent Company of such Lender or
        Issuing Bank) as a consequence of its obligations hereunder or
        under or in respect of any Letter of Credit to a level below that
        which such Lender, the Issuing Bank or the Parent Company of such
        Lender or Issuing Bank could have achieved but for such Change in
        Law (taking into consideration such Lender’s or the Issuing Bank’s
        policies or the policies of the Parent Company of such Lender or
        Issuing Bank with respect to capital adequacy or liquidity) then,
        from time to time, within five (5) Business Days after receipt by
        the Borrower of written demand by such Lender (with a copy thereof
        to the Administrative Agent), the Borrower shall pay to such Lender
        such additional amounts as will compensate such Lender, the Issuing
        Bank or the Parent Company of such Lender or the Issuing Bank for
        any such reduction suffered.


        (c)    A certificate of a Lender or the Issuing Bank setting forth
        the amount or amounts necessary to compensate such Lender, the
        Issuing Bank or the Parent Company of such Lender or the Issuing
        Bank, as the case may be, specified in paragraph (a) or (b) of this 
        Section 2.18 shall be delivered to the Borrower (with a copy to the
        Administrative Agent) and shall be conclusive,




42
------------------------------------------------------------------------


        absent manifest error. The Borrower shall pay any such Lender or
        the Issuing Bank, as the case may be, such amount or amounts within
        five (5) Business Days after receipt thereof.


        (d)    Failure or delay on the part of any Lender or the Issuing
        Bank to demand compensation pursuant to this Section 2.18 shall not
        constitute a waiver of such Lender’s or the Issuing Bank’s right to
        demand such compensation.


Section 2.19.    Funding Indemnity. In the event of (a) the payment of any 
principal of a Eurodollar Loan other than on the last day of the Interest 
Period applicable thereto (including as a result of an Event of Default), 
(b) the conversion or continuation of a Eurodollar Loan other than on the 
last day of the Interest Period applicable thereto, or (c) the failure by 
the Borrower to borrow, prepay, convert or continue any Eurodollar Loan on 
the date specified in any applicable notice (regardless of whether such 
notice is withdrawn or revoked), then, in any such event, the Borrower 
shall compensate each Lender, within five (5) Business Days after written 
demand from such Lender, for any loss, cost or expense attributable to such 
event. In the case of a Eurodollar Loan, such loss, cost or expense shall 
be deemed to include an amount determined by such Lender to be the excess, 
if any, of (A) the amount of interest that would have accrued on the 
principal amount of such Eurodollar Loan if such event had not occurred at 
the Adjusted LIBOR applicable to such Eurodollar Loan for the period from 
the date of such event to the last day of the then current Interest Period 
therefor (or in the case of a failure to borrow, convert or continue, for 
the period that would have been the Interest Period for such Eurodollar 
Loan) over (B) the amount of interest that would accrue on the principal 
amount of such Eurodollar Loan for the same period if the Adjusted LIBOR 
were set on the date such Eurodollar Loan was prepaid or converted or the 
date on which the Borrower failed to borrow, convert or continue such 
Eurodollar Loan. A certificate as to any additional amount payable under 
this Section 2.19 submitted to the Borrower by any Lender (with a copy to 
the Administrative Agent) shall be conclusive, absent manifest error.


Section 2.20.    Taxes.


        (a)    For purposes of this Section 2.20, the term “Lender”
        includes any Issuing Bank and the term “applicable Law” includes
        FATCA.


        (b)    Any and all payments by or on account of any obligation of
        any Loan Party under any Loan Document shall be made without
        deduction or withholding for any Taxes, except as required by
        applicable Law. If any applicable Law (as determined in the good
        faith discretion of an applicable Withholding Agent) requires the
        deduction or withholding of any Tax from any such payment by a
        Withholding Agent, then the applicable Withholding Agent shall be
        entitled to make such deduction or withholding and shall timely pay
        the full amount deducted or withheld to the relevant Governmental
        Authority in accordance with applicable Law and, if such Tax is an
        Indemnified Tax, then the sum payable by the applicable Loan Party
        shall be increased as necessary so that after making such deduction
        or withholding (including such deductions and withholdings
        applicable to additional sums payable under this Section 2.20) the
        applicable Recipient shall receive an amount equal to the sum it
        would have received had no such deduction or withholding been made.


        (c)    In addition, the Loan Parties shall timely pay to the
        relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with applicable Law,
        or at the option of the Administrative Agent timely reimburse it
        for the payment of, any Other Taxes.


        (d)    The Loan Parties shall jointly and severally indemnify each
        Recipient, within ten (10) Business Days after demand therefor, for
        the full amount of any Indemnified Taxes (including




43
------------------------------------------------------------------------


        Indemnified Taxes imposed or asserted on or attributable to amounts
        payable under this Section 2.20) payable or paid by such Recipient
        or required to be withheld or deducted from a payment to such
        Recipient and any reasonable expenses arising therefrom or with
        respect thereto, whether or not such Indemnified Taxes were
        correctly or legally imposed or asserted by the relevant
        Governmental Authority. A certificate as to the amount of such
        payment or liability delivered to the Borrower by a Lender (with a
        copy to the Administrative Agent), or by the Administrative Agent
        on its own behalf or on behalf of a Lender, shall be conclusive
        absent manifest error.


        (e)    Each Lender shall severally indemnify the Administrative
        Agent, within ten (10) Business Days after demand therefor, for (i)
        any Indemnified Taxes attributable to such Lender (but only to the
        extent that any Loan Party has not already indemnified the
        Administrative Agent for such Indemnified Taxes and without
        limiting the obligation of the Loan Parties to do so), (ii) any
        Taxes attributable to such Lender’s failure to comply with the
        provisions of Section 11.4(e) relating to the maintenance of a
        Participant Register and (iii) any Excluded Taxes attributable to
        such Lender, in each case, that are payable or paid by the
        Administrative Agent in connection with any Loan Document, and any
        reasonable expenses arising therefrom or with respect thereto,
        whether or not such Taxes were correctly or legally imposed or
        asserted by the relevant Governmental Authority. A certificate as
        to the amount of such payment or liability delivered to any Lender
        by the Administrative Agent shall be conclusive absent manifest
        error. Each Lender hereby authorizes the Administrative Agent to
        set off and apply any and all amounts at any time owing to such
        Lender under any Loan Document or otherwise payable by the
        Administrative Agent to the Lender from any other source against
        any amount due to the Administrative Agent under this clause (e).


        (f)    As soon as practicable after any payment of Taxes by any
        Loan Party to a Governmental Authority pursuant to this Section
        2.20(f), such Loan Party shall deliver to the Administrative Agent
        the original or a certified copy of a receipt issued by such
        Governmental Authority evidencing such payment, a copy of the
        return reporting such payment or other evidence of such payment
        reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent.


        (g)    (i) Any Lender that is entitled to an exemption from or
        reduction of withholding Tax with respect to payments made under
        any Loan Document shall deliver to the Borrower and the
        Administrative Agent, at the time or times reasonably requested by
        the Borrower or the Administrative Agent, such properly completed
        and executed documentation reasonably requested by the Borrower or
        the Administrative Agent as will permit such payments to be made
        without withholding or at a reduced rate of withholding. In
        addition, any Lender, if reasonably requested by the Borrower or
        the Administrative Agent, shall deliver such other documentation
        prescribed by applicable Law or reasonably requested by the
        Borrower or the Administrative Agent as will enable the Borrower or
        the Administrative Agent to determine whether or not such Lender is
        subject to backup withholding or information reporting
        requirements. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the
        preceding two sentences, the completion, execution and submission
        of such documentation (other than such documentation set forth in 
        Section 2.20(g)(ii)(A), (ii)(B) and (ii)(D) below) shall not be
        required if in the Lender’s reasonable judgment such completion,
        execution or submission would subject such Lender to any material
        unreimbursed cost or expense or would materially prejudice the
        legal or commercial position of such Lender.




44
------------------------------------------------------------------------


            (ii)    Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, in
            the event that the Borrower is a U.S. Person,


                  (A)    any Lender that is a U.S. Person shall deliver to
                  the Borrower and the Administrative Agent on or prior to
                  the date on which such Lender becomes a Lender under this
                  Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the
                  reasonable request of the Borrower or the Administrative
                  Agent), executed copies of IRS Form W-9 certifying that
                  such Lender is exempt from U.S. federal backup
                  withholding tax;


                  (B)    any Foreign Lender shall, to the extent it is
                  legally entitled to do so, deliver to the Borrower and
                  the Administrative Agent (in such number of copies as
                  shall be requested by the recipient) on or prior to the
                  date on which such Foreign Lender becomes a Lender under
                  this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the
                  reasonable request of the Borrower or the Administrative
                  Agent), whichever of the following is applicable:


                        (1)    in the case of a Foreign Lender claiming the
                        benefits of an income tax treaty to which the
                        United States is a party (x) with respect to
                        payments of interest under any Loan Document,
                        executed originals of IRS Form W-8BEN establishing
                        an exemption from, or reduction of, U.S. federal
                        withholding Tax pursuant to the “interest” article
                        of such tax treaty and (y) with respect to any
                        other applicable payments under any Loan Document,
                        IRS Form W-8BEN establishing an exemption from, or
                        reduction of, U.S. federal withholding Tax pursuant
                        to the “business profits” or “other income” article
                        of such tax treaty;

                        (2)    executed originals of IRS Form W-8ECI,

                        (3)    in the case of a Foreign Lender claiming the
                        benefits of the exemption for portfolio interest
                        under Section 881(c) of the Code, (x) a certificate
                        substantially in the form of Exhibit 2.20-1 to the
                        effect that such Foreign Lender is not a “bank”
                        within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the
                        Code, a “10 percent shareholder” of the Borrower
                        within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(B) of the
                        Code, or a “controlled foreign corporation”
                        described in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Code (a “
                        U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate”) and (y) executed
                        originals of IRS Form W-8BEN; or

                        (4)    to the extent a Foreign Lender is not the
                        beneficial owner, executed originals of IRS Form
                        W-8IMY, accompanied by IRS Form W-8ECI, IRS Form
                        W-8BEN, a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate
                        substantially in the form of Exhibit 2.20-2 or 
                        Exhibit 2.20-3, IRS Form W-9, and/or other
                        certification documents from each beneficial owner,
                        as applicable; provided that if the Foreign Lender
                        is a partnership and one or more direct or indirect
                        partners of such Foreign Lender are claiming the
                        portfolio interest exemption, such Foreign Lender
                        may provide a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate
                        substantially in the form of Exhibit 2.20-4 on
                        behalf of each such direct and indirect partner;

                  (C)    any Foreign Lender shall, to the extent it is
                  legally entitled to do so, deliver to the Borrower and
                  the Administrative Agent (in such number of copies




45
------------------------------------------------------------------------


                  as shall be requested by the recipient) on or prior to
                  the date on which such Foreign Lender becomes a Lender
                  under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter
                  upon the reasonable request of the Borrower or the
                  Administrative Agent), executed originals of any other
                  form prescribed by applicable Law as a basis for claiming
                  exemption from or a reduction in U.S. federal withholding
                  Tax, duly completed, together with such supplementary
                  documentation as may be prescribed by applicable Law to
                  permit the Borrower or the Administrative Agent to
                  determine the withholding or deduction required to be
                  made; and


                  (D)    if a payment made to a Lender under any Loan
                  Document would be subject to U.S. federal withholding Tax
                  imposed by FATCA if such Lender were to fail to comply
                  with the applicable reporting requirements of FATCA
                  (including those contained in Section 1471(b) or 1472(b)
                  of the Code, as applicable), such Lender shall deliver to
                  the Borrower and the Administrative Agent at the time or
                  times prescribed by law and at such time or times
                  reasonably requested by the Borrower or the
                  Administrative Agent such documentation prescribed by
                  applicable Law (including as prescribed by Section
                  1471(b)(3)(C)(i) of the Code) and such additional
                  documentation reasonably requested by the Borrower or the
                  Administrative Agent as may be necessary for the Borrower
                  and the Administrative Agent to comply with their
                  obligations under FATCA and to determine that such Lender
                  has complied with such Lender’s obligations under FATCA
                  or to determine the amount to deduct and withhold from
                  such payment. Solely for purposes of this clause (D),
                  “FATCA” shall include any amendments made to FATCA after
                  the date of this Agreement.


      Each Lender agrees that if any form or certification it previously
      delivered expires or becomes obsolete or inaccurate in any respect,
      it shall update such form or certification or promptly notify the
      Borrower and the Administrative Agent in writing of its legal
      inability to do so.


        (h)    If any Recipient determines, in its sole discretion, that it
        has received a refund of any Taxes as to which it has been
        indemnified pursuant to this Section 2.20 (including by the payment
        of additional amounts pursuant to this Section 2.20), it shall pay
        to the indemnifying party an amount equal to such refund (but only
        to the extent of indemnity payments made under this Section with
        respect to the Taxes giving rise to such refund), net of all
        out-of-pocket expenses (including Taxes) of such indemnified party
        and without interest (other than any interest paid by the relevant
        Governmental Authority with respect to such refund). Such
        indemnifying party, upon the request of such indemnified party,
        shall repay to such indemnified party the amount paid over pursuant
        to this paragraph (g) (plus any penalties, interest or other
        charges imposed by the relevant Governmental Authority) in the
        event that such indemnified party is required to repay such refund
        to such Governmental Authority. Notwithstanding anything to the
        contrary in this paragraph (g), in no event will the indemnified
        party be required to pay any amount to an indemnifying party
        pursuant to this paragraph (g) the payment of which would place the
        indemnified party in a less favorable net after-Tax position than
        the indemnified party would have been in if the Tax subject to
        indemnification and giving rise to such refund had not been
        deducted, withheld or otherwise imposed and the indemnification
        payments or additional amounts with respect to such Tax had never
        been paid. This paragraph shall not be construed to require any
        indemnified party to make available its Tax returns (or any other
        information relating to its Taxes that it deems confidential) to
        the indemnifying party or any other Person.




46
------------------------------------------------------------------------



Section 2.21.    Payments Generally; Pro Rata Treatment; Sharing of 
Set-offs.


        (a)    The Borrower shall make each payment required to be made by
        it hereunder (whether of principal, interest, fees or reimbursement
        of LC Disbursements, or of amounts payable under Sections 2.18, 
        2.19 or 2.20, or otherwise) prior to 12:00 noon on the date when
        due, in immediately available funds, free and clear of any
        defenses, rights of set-off, counterclaim, or withholding or
        deduction of taxes. Any amounts received after such time on any
        date may, in the discretion of the Administrative Agent, be deemed
        to have been received on the next succeeding Business Day for
        purposes of calculating interest thereon. All such payments shall
        be made to the Administrative Agent at the Payment Office, except
        payments to be made directly to the Issuing Bank or Swingline
        Lender as expressly provided herein and except that payments
        pursuant to Sections 2.18, 2.19 and 2.20 and 11.3 shall be made
        directly to the Persons entitled thereto. The Administrative Agent
        shall distribute any such payments received by it for the account
        of any other Person to the appropriate recipient promptly following
        receipt thereof. If any payment hereunder shall be due on a day
        that is not a Business Day, the date for payment shall be extended
        to the next succeeding Business Day, and, in the case of any
        payment accruing interest, interest thereon shall be made payable
        for the period of such extension. All payments hereunder shall be
        made in Dollars.


        (b)    If at any time insufficient funds are received by and
        available to the Administrative Agent to pay fully all amounts of
        principal, unreimbursed LC Disbursements, interest and fees then
        due hereunder, such funds shall be applied: first, to
        Administrative Agent’s fees and reimbursable expenses then due and
        payable pursuant to any of the Loan Documents; second, to all
        reimbursable expenses of the Lenders and all fees and reimbursable
        expenses of the Issuing Bank then due and payable pursuant to any
        of the Loan Documents, pro rata to the Lenders and the Issuing Bank
        based on their respective pro rata shares of such fees and
        expenses; third, to interest and fees then due and payable
        hereunder, pro rata to the Lenders based on their respective pro
        rata shares of such interest and fees; and fourth, to the payment
        of principal of the Loans and unreimbursed LC Disbursements then
        due hereunder, ratably among the parties entitled thereto in
        accordance with the amounts of principal and unreimbursed LC
        Disbursements then due to such parties.


        (c)    If any Lender shall, by exercising any right of set-off or
        counterclaim or otherwise, obtain payment in respect of any
        principal of or interest on any of its Loans or participations in
        LC Disbursements or Swingline Loans that would result in such
        Lender receiving payment of a greater proportion of the aggregate
        amount of its Revolving Credit Exposure and accrued interest and
        fees thereon than the proportion received by any other Lender with
        respect to its Revolving Credit Exposure, then the Lender receiving
        such greater proportion shall purchase (for cash at face value)
        participations in the Revolving Credit Exposure of other Lenders to
        the extent necessary so that the benefit of all such payments shall
        be shared by the Lenders ratably in accordance with the aggregate
        amount of principal of and accrued interest on their respective
        Revolving Credit Exposure; provided, that (i) if any such
        participations are purchased and all or any portion of the payment
        giving rise thereto is recovered, such participations shall be
        rescinded and the purchase price restored to the extent of such
        recovery, without interest, and (ii) the provisions of this
        paragraph shall not be construed to apply to any payment made by
        the Borrower pursuant to and in accordance with the express terms
        of this Agreement or any payment obtained by a Lender as
        consideration for the assignment of or sale of a participation in
        any of its Revolving Credit Exposure to any assignee or
        participant, other than to the Borrower or any Subsidiary or
        Affiliate thereof (as to which the provisions of this paragraph
        shall apply). The Borrower consents to the foregoing




47
------------------------------------------------------------------------


        and agrees, to the extent it may effectively do so under applicable
        Law, that any Lender acquiring a participation pursuant to the
        foregoing arrangements may exercise against the Borrower rights of
        set-off and counterclaim with respect to such participation as
        fully as if such Lender were a direct creditor of the Borrower in
        the amount of such participation.


        (d)    Unless the Administrative Agent shall have received notice
        from the Borrower prior to the date on which any payment is due to
        the Administrative Agent for the account of the Lenders or the
        Issuing Bank hereunder that the Borrower will not make such
        payment, the Administrative Agent may assume that the Borrower has
        made such payment on such date in accordance herewith and may, in
        reliance upon such assumption, distribute to the Lenders or the
        Issuing Bank, as the case may be, the amount or amounts due. In
        such event, if the Borrower has not in fact made such payment, then
        each of the Lenders or the Issuing Bank, as the case may be,
        severally agrees to repay to the Administrative Agent forthwith on
        demand the amount so distributed to such Lender or Issuing Bank
        with interest thereon, for each day from and including the date
        such amount is distributed to it to but excluding the date of
        payment to the Administrative Agent, at the greater of the Federal
        Funds Rate and a rate determined by the Administrative Agent in
        accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation.


        (e)    Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, any amount
        paid by the Borrower for the account of a Defaulting Lender under
        this Agreement (whether on account of principal, interest, fees,
        reimbursement of LC Disbursements, indemnity payments or other
        amounts) will be retained by the Administrative Agent in a
        segregated non-interest bearing account until the Revolving
        Commitment Termination Date at which time the funds in such account
        will be applied by the Administrative Agent, to the fullest extent
        permitted by Law, in the following order of priority: first to the
        payment of any amounts owing by such Defaulting Lender to the
        Administrative Agent under this Agreement, second to the payment of
        any amounts owing by such Defaulting Lender to the Issuing Bank and
        the Swingline Lender under this Agreement, third to the payment of
        interest due and payable to the Lenders hereunder that are not
        Defaulting Lenders, ratably among them in accordance with the
        amounts of such interest then due and payable to them, fourth to
        the payment of fees then due and payable to the Lenders hereunder
        that are not Defaulting Lenders, ratably among them in accordance
        with the amounts of such fees then due and payable to them, fifth
        to pay principal and unreimbursed LC Disbursements then due and
        payable to the Lenders hereunder that are not Defaulting Lenders,
        ratably in accordance with the amounts thereof then due and payable
        to them, sixth to the ratable payment of other amounts then due and
        payable to the Lenders hereunder that are not Defaulting Lenders,
        and seventh to pay amounts owing under this Agreement to such
        Defaulting Lender or as a court of competent jurisdiction may
        otherwise direct.


Section 2.22.    Letters of Credit.


        (a)    During the Availability Period, the Issuing Bank, in
        reliance upon the agreements of the other Lenders pursuant to 
        Section 2.22(d) and 2.22(e), may, in its sole discretion, issue, at
        the request of the Borrower, Letters of Credit for the account of
        the Borrower or any Subsidiary on the terms and conditions
        hereinafter set forth; provided, that (i) each Letter of Credit
        shall expire on the earlier of (A) the date one year after the date
        of issuance of such Letter of Credit (or in the case of any renewal
        or extension thereof, one year after such renewal or extension) and
        (B) the date that is twelve months after the Revolving Commitment
        Termination Date; (ii) each Letter of Credit shall be in a stated
        amount of at least $25,000; and (iii) the Borrower may not request
        any Letter of Credit, if, after giving effect to such issuance (A)
        the aggregate LC Exposure would




48
------------------------------------------------------------------------


        exceed the LC Commitment, (B) the aggregate Revolving Credit
        Exposure of all Lenders would exceed the Aggregate Revolving
        Commitments or (C) the Revolving Credit Exposure of each Lender
        would exceed its Revolving Commitment.  Each Lender shall be deemed
        to, and hereby irrevocably and unconditionally agrees to, purchase
        from the Issuing Bank without recourse a participation in each
        Letter of Credit equal to such Lender’s Pro Rata Share of the
        aggregate amount available to be drawn under such Letter of Credit 
        on the date of issuance with respect to all other Letters of
        Credit. Each issuance of a Letter of Credit shall be deemed to
        utilize the Revolving Commitment of each Lender by an amount equal
        to the amount of such participation.


        (b)    To request the issuance of a Letter of Credit (or any
        amendment, renewal or extension of an outstanding Letter of
        Credit), the Borrower shall give the Issuing Bank and the
        Administrative Agent irrevocable written notice (which may be in
        the form of a duly completed Letter of Credit Application) at least
        three (3) Business Days prior to the requested date of such
        issuance specifying the date (which shall be a Business Day) such
        Letter of Credit is to be issued (or amended, extended or renewed,
        as the case may be), the expiration date of such Letter of Credit,
        the amount of such Letter of Credit, the name and address of the
        beneficiary thereof and such other information as shall be
        necessary to prepare, amend, renew or extend such Letter of Credit.
        In addition to the satisfaction of the conditions in Article III,
        the issuance of such Letter of Credit (or any amendment which
        increases the amount of such Letter of Credit) will be subject to
        the further conditions that such Letter of Credit shall be in such
        form and contain such terms as the Issuing Bank shall approve and
        that the Borrower shall have executed and delivered any Issuer
        Documents as the Issuing Bank shall require; provided, that in the
        event of any conflict between such applications, agreements or
        instruments and this Agreement, the terms of this Agreement shall
        control.


        (c)    At least two (2) Business Days prior to the issuance of any
        Letter of Credit, the Issuing Bank will confirm with the
        Administrative Agent (by telephone or in writing) that the
        Administrative Agent has received such notice and if not, the
        Issuing Bank will provide the Administrative Agent with a copy
        thereof. Unless the Issuing Bank has received notice from the
        Administrative Agent on or before 5:00 p.m. the Business Day
        immediately preceding the date the Issuing Bank is to issue the
        requested Letter of Credit (1) directing the Issuing Bank not to
        issue the Letter of Credit because such issuance is not then
        permitted hereunder because of the limitations set forth in 
        Section 2.22(a) or that one or more conditions specified in 
        Article III are not then satisfied, then, subject to the terms and
        conditions hereof, the Issuing Bank shall, on the requested date,
        issue such Letter of Credit in accordance with the Issuing Bank’s
        usual and customary business practices.


        (d)    The Issuing Bank shall examine all documents purporting to
        represent a demand for payment under a Letter of Credit promptly
        following its receipt thereof. The Issuing Bank shall notify the
        Borrower and the Administrative Agent of such demand for payment
        and whether the Issuing Bank has made or will make a LC
        Disbursement thereunder; provided, that any failure to give or
        delay in giving such notice shall not relieve the Borrower of its
        obligation to reimburse the Issuing Bank and the Lenders with
        respect to such LC Disbursement. The Borrower shall be irrevocably
        and unconditionally obligated to reimburse the Issuing Bank for any
        LC Disbursements paid by the Issuing Bank in respect of such
        drawing, without presentment, demand or other formalities of any
        kind. Unless the Borrower shall have notified the Issuing Bank and
        the Administrative Agent prior to 11:00 a.m. on the Business Day
        immediately prior to the date on which such drawing is honored that
        the Borrower intends to reimburse the Issuing Bank for the amount
        of such drawing in funds other than from the proceeds of Revolving
        Loans, the Borrower shall be deemed to have timely given a Notice
        of Revolving Borrowing to the Administrative




49
------------------------------------------------------------------------


        Agent requesting the Lenders to make a Base Rate Borrowing on the
        date on which such drawing is honored in an exact amount due to the
        Issuing Bank; provided, that for purposes solely of such Borrowing,
        the conditions precedent set forth in Section 3.2 hereof shall not
        be applicable. The Administrative Agent shall notify the Lenders of
        such Borrowing in accordance with Section 2.3, and each Lender
        shall make the proceeds of its Base Rate Loan included in such
        Borrowing available to the Administrative Agent for the account of
        the Issuing Bank in accordance with Section 2.6. The proceeds of
        such Borrowing shall be applied directly by the Administrative
        Agent to reimburse the Issuing Bank for such LC Disbursement.


        (e)    If for any reason a Base Rate Borrowing may not be (as
        determined in the sole discretion of the Administrative Agent), or
        is not, made in accordance with the foregoing provisions, then each
        Lender (other than the Issuing Bank) shall be obligated to fund the
        participation that such Lender purchased pursuant to subsection (a)
        in an amount equal to its Pro Rata Share of such LC Disbursement on
        and as of the date which such Base Rate Borrowing should have
        occurred.  Each Lender’s obligation to fund its participation shall
        be absolute and unconditional and shall not be affected by any
        circumstance, including without limitation (i) any setoff,
        counterclaim, recoupment, defense or other right that such Lender
        or any other Person may have against the Issuing Bank or any other
        Person for any reason whatsoever, (ii) the existence of a Default
        or an Event of Default or the termination of the Aggregate
        Revolving Commitments, (iii) any adverse change in the condition
        (financial or otherwise) of the Borrower or any of its
        Subsidiaries, (iv) any breach of this Agreement by the Borrower or
        any other Lender, (v) any amendment, renewal or extension of any
        Letter of Credit or (vi) any other circumstance, happening or event
        whatsoever, whether or not similar to any of the foregoing. On the
        date that such participation is required to be funded, each Lender
        shall promptly transfer, in immediately available funds, the amount
        of its participation to the Administrative Agent for the account of
        the Issuing Bank. Whenever, at any time after the Issuing Bank has
        received from any such Lender the funds for its participation in a
        LC Disbursement, the Issuing Bank (or the Administrative Agent on
        its behalf) receives any payment on account thereof, the
        Administrative Agent or the Issuing Bank, as the case may be, will
        distribute to such Lender its Pro Rata Share of such payment; 
        provided, that if such payment is required to be returned for any
        reason to the Borrower or to a trustee, receiver, liquidator,
        custodian or similar official in any bankruptcy proceeding, such
        Lender will return to the Administrative Agent or the Issuing Bank
        any portion thereof previously distributed by the Administrative
        Agent or the Issuing Bank to it.


        (f)    To the extent that any Lender shall fail to pay any amount
        required to be paid pursuant to paragraphs (d) or (e) of this
        Section on the due date therefor, such Lender shall pay interest to
        the Issuing Bank (through the Administrative Agent) on such amount
        from such due date to the date such payment is made at a rate per
        annum equal to the Federal Funds Rate; provided, that if such
        Lender shall fail to make such payment to the Issuing Bank within
        three (3) Business Days of such due date, then, retroactively to
        the due date, such Lender shall be obligated to pay interest on
        such amount at the rate set forth in Section 2.13(c).


        (g)    If (i) any Event of Default shall occur and be continuing on
        the Business Day that the Borrower receives notice from the
        Administrative Agent or the Required Lenders demanding that its
        reimbursement obligations with respect to the Letters of Credit be
        Cash Collateralized pursuant to this paragraph, (ii) as of the
        Revolving Commitment Termination Date, any LC Exposure remains
        outstanding for any reason or (iii) the Borrower shall be required
        to provide Cash Collateral pursuant to any other section of this
        Agreement, then, the Borrower shall deposit in an account with the
        Administrative Agent, in the name of the Administrative Agent and
        for the




50
------------------------------------------------------------------------


        benefit of the Issuing Bank and the Lenders, an amount in cash
        equal to 105% of the aggregate LC Exposure of all Lenders as of
        such date plus any accrued and unpaid fees thereon; provided, that
        such obligation to Cash Collateralize the reimbursement obligations
        of the Borrower with respect to the Letters of Credit shall become
        effective immediately, and such deposit shall become immediately
        due and payable, without demand or notice of any kind, upon the
        occurrence of any Event of Default with respect to the Borrower
        described in clause (h) or (i) of Section 8.1. Such deposit shall
        be held by the Administrative Agent as Cash Collateral for the
        payment and performance of the obligations of the Borrower under
        this Agreement. The Administrative Agent shall have exclusive
        dominion and control, including the exclusive right of withdrawal,
        over such account. The Borrower agrees to execute any documents
        and/or certificates to effectuate the intent of this paragraph.
        Other than any interest earned on the investment of such deposits,
        which investments shall be made at the option and sole discretion
        of the Administrative Agent and at the Borrower’s risk and expense,
        such deposits shall not bear interest. Interest and profits, if
        any, on such investments shall accumulate in such account. Moneys
        in such account shall be applied by the Administrative Agent to
        reimburse the Issuing Bank for LC Disbursements for which it had
        not been reimbursed and to the extent so applied, shall be held for
        the satisfaction of the reimbursement obligations of the Borrower
        for the LC Exposure at such time or, if the maturity of the Loans
        has been accelerated, with the consent of the Required Lenders, be
        applied to satisfy other obligations of the Borrower under this
        Agreement and the other Loan Documents. If the Borrower is required
        to Cash Collateralize its reimbursement obligations with respect to
        the Letters of Credit as a result of the occurrence of an Event of
        Default, such cash collateral so posted (to the extent not so
        applied as aforesaid) shall be returned to the Borrower within
        three (3) Business Days after all Events of Default have been cured
        or waived.


        (h)    Upon the request of any Lender, but no more frequently than
        quarterly, the Issuing Bank shall deliver (through the
        Administrative Agent) to each Lender and the Borrower a report
        describing the aggregate Letters of Credit then outstanding. Upon
        the request of any Lender from time to time, the Issuing Bank shall
        deliver to such Lender any other information reasonably requested
        by such Lender with respect to each Letter of Credit then
        outstanding.


        (i)    The Borrower’s obligation to reimburse LC Disbursements
        hereunder shall be absolute, unconditional and irrevocable and
        shall be performed strictly in accordance with the terms of this
        Agreement under all circumstances whatsoever and irrespective of
        any of the following circumstances:


            (i)    Any lack of validity or enforceability of any Letter of
            Credit or this Agreement;


            (ii)    The existence of any claim, set-off, defense or other
            right which the Borrower or any Subsidiary or Affiliate of the
            Borrower may have at any time against a beneficiary or any
            transferee of any Letter of Credit (or any Persons or entities
            for whom any such beneficiary or transferee may be acting), any
            Lender (including the Issuing Bank) or any other Person,
            whether in connection with this Agreement or the Letter of
            Credit or any document related hereto or thereto or any
            unrelated transaction;


            (iii)    Any draft or other document presented under a Letter
            of Credit proving to be forged, fraudulent or invalid in any
            respect or any statement therein being untrue or inaccurate in
            any respect;




51
------------------------------------------------------------------------


            (iv)    Payment by the Issuing Bank under a Letter of Credit
            against presentation of a draft or other document to the
            Issuing Bank that does not comply with the terms of such Letter
            of Credit;


            (v)    Any other event or circumstance whatsoever, whether or
            not similar to any of the foregoing, that might, but for the
            provisions of this Section 2.22, constitute a legal or
            equitable discharge of, or provide a right of setoff against,
            the Borrower’s obligations hereunder; or


            (vi)    The existence of a Default or an Event of Default.


      Neither the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Bank, the Lenders nor
      any Related Party of any of the foregoing shall have any liability or
      responsibility by reason of or in connection with the issuance or
      transfer of any Letter of Credit or any payment or failure to make
      any payment thereunder (irrespective of any of the circumstances
      referred to above), or any error, omission, interruption, loss or
      delay in transmission or delivery of any draft, notice or other
      communication under or relating to any Letter of Credit (including
      any document required to make a drawing thereunder), any error in
      interpretation of technical terms or any consequence arising from
      causes beyond the control of the Issuing Bank; provided, that the
      foregoing shall not be construed to excuse the Issuing Bank from
      liability to the Borrower to the extent of any actual direct damages
      (as opposed to special, indirect (including claims for lost profits
      or other consequential damages), or punitive damages, claims in
      respect of which are hereby waived by the Borrower to the extent
      permitted by applicable Law) suffered by the Borrower that are caused
      by the Issuing Bank’s failure to exercise due care when determining
      whether drafts or other documents presented under a Letter of Credit
      comply with the terms thereof. The parties hereto expressly agree,
      that in the absence of gross negligence or willful misconduct on the
      part of the Issuing Bank (as finally determined by a court of
      competent jurisdiction), the Issuing Bank shall be deemed to have
      exercised due care in each such determination. In furtherance of the
      foregoing and without limiting the generality thereof, the parties
      agree that, with respect to documents presented that appear on their
      face to be in substantial compliance with the terms of a Letter of
      Credit, the Issuing Bank may, in its sole discretion, either accept
      and make payment upon such documents without responsibility for
      further investigation, regardless of any notice or information to the
      contrary, or refuse to accept and make payment upon such documents if
      such documents are not in strict compliance with the terms of such
      Letter of Credit.


        (j)    Unless otherwise expressly agreed by the Issuing Bank and
        the Borrower when a Letter of Credit is issued and subject to
        applicable Laws, (i) each standby Letter of Credit shall be
        governed by the “International Standby Practices 1998” (ISP98) (or
        such later revision as may be published by the Institute of
        International Banking Law & Practice on any date any Letter of
        Credit may be issued), (ii) each documentary Letter of Credit shall
        be governed by the Uniform Customs and Practices for Documentary
        Credits (2007 Revision), International Chamber of Commerce
        Publication No. 600 (or such later revision as may be published by
        the International Chamber of Commerce on any date any Letter of
        Credit may be issued) and (iii) the Borrower shall specify the
        foregoing in each Letter of Credit Application submitted for the
        issuance of a Letter of Credit.


        (k)    Conflict with Issuer Documents.  In the event of any
        conflict between the terms hereof and the terms of any Issuer
        Document, the terms hereof shall control.




52
------------------------------------------------------------------------


        (l)    Letters of Credit Issued for Subsidiaries.  Notwithstanding
        that a Letter of Credit issued or outstanding hereunder is in
        support of any obligations of, or is for the account of, a
        Subsidiary, the Borrower shall be obligated to reimburse the
        Issuing Bank hereunder for any and all drawings under such Letter
        of Credit.  The Borrower hereby acknowledges that the issuance of
        Letters of Credit for the account of Subsidiaries inures to the
        benefit of the Borrower, and that the Borrower’s business derives
        substantial benefits from the businesses of such Subsidiaries.


Section 2.23.    Increase of Commitments; Additional Lenders.


The Borrower may from time to time, upon at least five days’ prior written 
notice to the Administrative Agent (who shall promptly provide a copy of 
such notice to each Lender), propose to increase the Aggregate Revolving 
Commitments or to establish one or more new term loans (each, an “
Incremental Term Loan”); provided, that:


        (a)    the aggregate amount of all increases in the Aggregate
        Revolving Commitments plus the aggregate initial principal amount
        of all Incremental Term Loans shall not exceed $150,000,000 during
        the term of this Agreement;


        (b)    any increase in the Aggregate Revolving Commitments or
        establishment of an Incremental Term Loan shall be in a minimum
        principal amount of $15,000,000 and in integral multiples of
        $1,000,000 in excess thereof;


        (c)    no Default or Event of Default shall exist and be continuing
        at the time of any increase in the Aggregate Revolving Commitments
        or establishment of an Incremental Term Loan;


        (d)    the conditions set forth in Section 3.2 shall be satisfied
        as of the date of any increase in the Aggregate Revolving
        Commitments or establishment of any Incremental Term Loan;


        (e)    the Borrower shall have provided to the Administrative Agent
        a Pro Forma Compliance Certificate, in form an detail reasonably
        acceptable to the Administrative Agent, demonstrating compliance
        with the financial covenants in Article VI recomputed as of the end
        of the period of the four Fiscal Quarters most recently ended for
        which the Borrower has delivered financial statements pursuant to 
        Section 5.1(a) or (b), after giving effect to such increase or
        Incremental Term Loan on a Pro Forma Basis;


        (f)    the Administrative Agent shall have received all documents
        (including resolutions of the board of directors of the Loan
        Parties and opinions of counsel to the Loan Parties) it may
        reasonably request relating to such increase in the Aggregate
        Revolving Commitments or such establishment of such Incremental
        Term Loan, all in form and substance satisfactory to the
        Administrative Agent;


        (g)    with respect to any Incremental Term Loan, (i) the final
        maturity date shall be no earlier than (x) the Revolving Commitment
        Termination Date or (y) the maturity date for any then-existing
        Incremental Term Loan and (ii) the weighted average life to
        maturity of such Incremental Term Loan shall not be shorter than
        the weighted average life to maturity of any then-existing
        Incremental Term Loan;


        (h)    any increase in the Aggregate Revolving Commitments under
        this Section 2.23 shall have terms identical to those for the
        Revolving Loans under this Agreement, except for (i) upfront fees
        payable to the Lenders providing commitments for such increase and
        (ii) arrangement fees




53
------------------------------------------------------------------------


        payable to the Arrangers or their Affiliates in connection with the
        establishment of such increase in the Aggregate Revolving
        Commitments;


        (i)    no Lender shall have any obligation to increase its
        Revolving Commitment or provide any Incremental Term Loan
        Commitment, and any decision by a Lender to increase its Revolving
        Commitment or provide any Incremental Term Loan Commitment shall be
        made in its sole discretion independently from any other Lender;


        (j)    the Borrower may designate a bank or other financial
        institution that is not already a Lender to provide all or any
        portion of any increase in the Aggregate Revolving Commitments or
        an Incremental Term Loan Commitment, so long as (i) such Person (an
        “Additional Lender”) becomes a party to this Agreement pursuant to
        a lender joinder agreement or other document in form and substance
        satisfactory to the Administrative Agent that has been executed by
        the Borrower and such Additional Lender, (ii) any such Person
        proposed by the Borrower to become an Additional Lender must be
        reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent and, if such
        Additional Lender is to provide a Revolving Commitment, each of the
        Issuing Bank and the Swingline Lender;


        (k)    any increase in the Aggregate Revolving Commitments or
        establishment of an Incremental Term Loan shall be pursuant to a
        commitment agreement, joinder agreement or other document in form
        and substance reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent,
        and upon the effectiveness of such commitment agreement, joinder
        agreement or other document pursuant to the terms thereof, the
        Commitments, as applicable, shall automatically be increased by the
        amount of the Commitments added through such commitment agreement,
        joinder agreement or other document and Schedule I shall
        automatically be deemed amended to reflect the Commitments of all
        Lenders after giving effect to the addition of such Commitments;
        and


        (l)    with respect to any increase in the Aggregate Revolving
        Commitments, (i) each Lender providing a portion of the increase
        shall make Revolving Loans, the proceeds of which shall be applied
        by the Administrative Agent to prepay Revolving Loans of the
        existing Lenders, in an amount necessary such that after giving
        effect thereto each Lender will hold its Pro Rata Share of
        outstanding Revolving Loans (such payments to existing Lenders
        shall be subject to Section 2.19), and (ii) effective upon such
        increase, the amount of the participations held by each Lender in
        each Letter of Credit and each Swingline Loan then outstanding
        shall be adjusted automatically such that, after giving effect to
        such adjustments, the Lenders shall hold participations in each
        such Letter of Credit or such Swingline Loan in proportion to their
        respective Revolving Commitments.


Section 2.24.    Mitigation of Obligations. If any Lender requests 
compensation under Section 2.18, or if the Borrower is required to pay any 
additional amount to any Lender or any Governmental Authority for the 
account of any Lender pursuant to Section 2.20, then such Lender shall use 
reasonable efforts to designate a different lending office for funding or 
booking its Loans hereunder or to assign its rights and obligations 
hereunder to another of its offices, branches or affiliates, if, in the 
sole judgment of such Lender, such designation or assignment (i) would 
eliminate or reduce amounts payable under Section 2.18 or Section 2.20, as 
the case may be, in the future and (ii) would not subject such Lender to 
any unreimbursed cost or expense and would not otherwise be disadvantageous 
to such Lender. The Borrower hereby agrees to pay all costs and expenses 
incurred by any Lender in connection with such designation or assignment.





54
------------------------------------------------------------------------


Section 2.25.    Replacement of Lenders.  If (a) any Lender requests 
compensation under Section 2.18, (b) the Borrower is required to pay any 
additional amount to any Lender or any Governmental Authority of the 
account of any Lender pursuant to Section 2.20, (c) any Lender notifies the 
Borrower and Administrative Agent that it is unable to fund Eurodollar 
Loans pursuant to Sections 2.16 or 2.17, (d) a Lender (a “Non-Consenting 
Lender”) does not consent to a proposed change, waiver, discharge or 
termination with respect to any Loan Document that has been approved by the 
Required Lenders as provided in Section 11.2(b) but requires unanimous 
consent of all Lender or all the Lenders directly affected thereby (as 
applicable) or (e) if any Lender is a Defaulting Lender, then the Borrower 
may, at its sole expense and effort, upon notice to such Lender and the 
Administrative Agent, require such Lender to assign and delegate, without 
recourse (in accordance with and subject to the restrictions set forth in 
Section 11.4(b) all its interests, rights and obligations under this 
Agreement and the related Loan Documents to an assignee that shall assume 
such obligations (which assignee may be another Lender); provided, that (i) 
the Borrower shall have received the prior written consent of the 
Administrative Agent, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, 
(ii) such Lender shall have received payment of an amount equal to the 
outstanding principal amount of all Loans owed to it, accrued interest 
thereon, accrued fees and all other amounts payable to it hereunder, from 
the assignee (in the case of such outstanding principal and accrued 
interest) and from the Borrower (in the case of all other amounts), (iii) 
in the case of a claim for compensation under Section 2.18 or payments 
required to be made pursuant to Section 2.20, such assignment will result 
in a reduction in such compensation or payments, (iv) such assignment does 
not conflict with applicable Law and (v) in the case of any such assignment 
resulting from a Non-Consenting Lender’s failure to consent to a proposed 
change, waiver, discharge or termination with respect to any Loan Document, 
the applicable assignee consents to the proposed change, waiver, discharge 
or termination; provided that the failure by such Non-Consenting Lender to 
execute and deliver an Assignment and Acceptance shall not impair the 
validity of the removal of such Non-Consenting Lender and the mandatory 
assignment of such Non-Consenting Lender’s Commitments and outstanding 
Loans pursuant to this Section 2.25 shall nevertheless be effective without 
the execution by such Non-Consenting Lender of an Assignment and 
Acceptance. A Lender shall not be required to make any such assignment and 
delegation if, prior thereto, as a result of a waiver by such Lender or 
otherwise, the circumstances entitling the Borrower to require such 
assignment and delegation cease to apply.


Section 2.26.    Reallocation and Cash Collateralization of Defaulting 
Lender Commitment.


        (a)    If a Revolving Lender becomes, and during the period it
        remains, a Defaulting Lender, the following provisions shall apply,
        notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement:


            (i)    the LC Exposure and Swingline Exposure of such
            Defaulting Lender will, subject to the limitation in the first
            proviso below, automatically be reallocated (effective on the
            day such Revolving Lender becomes a Defaulting Lender) among
            the Non-Defaulting Lenders pro rata in accordance with their
            respective Revolving Commitments (calculated as if the
            Defaulting Lender’s Revolving Commitment was reduced to zero
            and each Non-Defaulting Lender’s Revolving Commitment had been
            increased proportionately); provided that (A) the sum of each
            Non-Defaulting Lender’s total Revolving Credit Exposure may not
            in any event exceed the Revolving Commitment of such
            Non-Defaulting Lender as in effect at the time of such
            reallocation and (B) neither such reallocation nor any payment
            by a Non-Defaulting Lender pursuant thereto will constitute a
            waiver or release of any claim the Borrower, the Administrative
            Agent, the Issuing Bank, the Swingline Lender or any other
            Lender may have against such Defaulting Lender or cause such
            Defaulting Lender to be a Non-Defaulting Lender; and




55
------------------------------------------------------------------------


            (ii)    to the extent that any portion (the “unreallocated
            portion”) of the LC Exposure and Swingline Exposure of any
            Defaulting Lender cannot be reallocated pursuant to clause (i)
            because of the limitation described in clause (a)(i)(A), the
            Borrower will, not later than ten (10) Business Days after
            demand by the Administrative Agent (at the direction of the
            Issuing Bank and/or the Swingline Lender), (A) Cash
            Collateralize the obligations of the Defaulting Lender to the
            Issuing Bank or Swingline Lender in respect of such LC Exposure
            or Swingline Exposure, as the case may be, in an amount at
            least equal to the aggregate amount of the unreallocated
            portion of the LC Exposure and Swingline Exposure of such
            Defaulting Lender, (B) in the case of such Swingline Exposure,
            prepay and/or Cash Collateralize in full the unreallocated
            portion thereof, or (C) make other arrangements satisfactory to
            the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Bank and the Swingline
            Lender in their sole discretion to protect them against the
            risk of non-payment by such Defaulting Lender.


        (b)    If the Borrower, the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Bank
        and the Swingline Lender agree in writing in their discretion that
        any Defaulting Lender has ceased to be a Defaulting Lender, the
        Administrative Agent will so notify the parties hereto, whereupon
        as of the effective date specified in such notice and subject to
        any conditions set forth therein, the LC Exposure and the Swingline
        Exposure of the other Lenders shall be readjusted to reflect the
        inclusion of such Lender’s Commitment, and such Lender will
        purchase at par such portion of outstanding Revolving Loans of the
        other Lenders and/or make such other adjustments as the
        Administrative Agent may determine to be necessary to cause the
        Revolving Credit Exposure of the Lenders to be on a pro rata basis
        in accordance with their respective Revolving Commitments,
        whereupon such Lender will cease to be a Defaulting Lender and will
        be a Non-Defaulting Lender (and such Revolving Credit Exposure of
        each Lender will automatically be adjusted on a prospective basis
        to reflect the foregoing). If any cash collateral has been posted
        with respect to the LC Exposure or Swingline Exposure of such
        Defaulting Lender, the Administrative Agent will promptly return
        such cash collateral to the Borrower; provided that no adjustments
        will be made retroactively with respect to fees accrued or payments
        made by or on behalf of the Borrower while such Lender was a
        Defaulting Lender; and provided, further, that except to the extent
        otherwise expressly agreed by the affected parties, no change
        hereunder from Defaulting Lender to Non-Defaulting Lender will
        constitute a waiver or release of any claim of any party hereunder
        arising from such Lender’s having been a Defaulting Lender.


ARTICLE III


CONDITIONS PRECEDENT TO LOANS AND LETTERS OF CREDIT


Section 3.1.    Reserved.


Section 3.2.    Each Credit Event. The obligation of each Lender to make a 
Loan on the occasion of any Borrowing and of the Issuing Bank to issue, 
amend, renew or extend any Letter of Credit is subject to the satisfaction 
of the following conditions:


        (a)    at the time of and immediately after giving effect to such
        Borrowing or the issuance, amendment, renewal or extension of such
        Letter of Credit, as applicable, no Default or Event of Default
        shall exist;




56
------------------------------------------------------------------------


        (b)    at the time of and immediately after giving effect to such
        Borrowing or the issuance, amendment, renewal or extension of such
        Letter of Credit, as applicable, all representations and warranties
        of each Loan Party set forth in the Loan Documents shall be true
        and correct in all material respects (other than those
        representations and warranties that are expressly qualified by a
        Material Adverse Effect or other materiality, in which case such
        representations and warranties shall be true and correct in all
        respects), except to the extent that such representations and
        warranties specifically refer to an earlier date, in which case
        they shall be true and correct in all material respects (other than
        those representations and warranties that are expressly qualified
        by a Material Adverse Effect or other materiality, in which case
        such representations and warranties shall be true and correct in
        all respects) as of such earlier date;


        (c)    the Borrower shall have delivered the required Notice of
        Borrowing; and


        (d)    if any Revolving Lender is a Defaulting Lender at the time
        of any request by the Borrower of a Borrowing of a Swingline Loan
        or the issuance, amendment, renewal or extension of a Letter of
        Credit, as applicable, set forth in this Section 3.2, the Issuing
        Bank will not be required to issue, amend or increase any Letter of
        Credit and the Swingline Lender will not be required to make any
        Swingline Loans, unless they are satisfied that 100% of the related
        LC Exposure and Swingline Exposure is fully covered or eliminated
        pursuant to Section 2.26.


Each Borrowing and each issuance, amendment, extension or renewal of any 
Letter of Credit shall be deemed to constitute a representation and 
warranty by the Borrower on the date thereof as to the matters specified in 
paragraphs (a) and (b) of this Section 3.2.


Section 3.3.    Delivery of Documents. All of the Loan Documents, 
certificates, legal opinions and other documents and papers referred to in 
this Article III, unless otherwise specified, shall be delivered to the 
Administrative Agent for the account of each of the Lenders and in 
sufficient counterparts or copies for each of the Lenders and shall be in 
form and substance satisfactory in all respects to the Administrative 
Agent.


ARTICLE IV

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

The Borrower represents and warrants to the Administrative Agent and each 
Lender as follows:


Section 4.1.    Existence; Power. The Borrower and each of its Restricted 
Subsidiaries (a) is duly organized, validly existing and in good standing 
as a corporation, partnership or limited liability company under the Laws 
of the jurisdiction of its organization, (b) has all requisite power and 
authority to carry on its business as now conducted, (c) is duly qualified 
to do business, and is in good standing, in each jurisdiction where such 
qualification is required, except where a failure to be so qualified could 
not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, (d) have 
obtained and maintain in good standing without restriction all required 
licenses, permits, authorizations, registrations, approvals and 
certificates of authority of each Governmental Authority necessary to the 
conduct of their business, (e) to the extent prudent and customary in the 
industry in which it is engaged, have obtained and maintain in good 
standing without restriction, accreditation from all applicable recognized 
accrediting agencies, (f) have implemented and maintain a compliance 
program designed to provide effective internal controls to promote 
adherence to and to prevent and detect material violations of Laws 
applicable to the Borrower and any of its Restricted Subsidiaries,




57
------------------------------------------------------------------------


including any applicable HMO Regulations, Medicaid Regulations and Medicare 
Regulations and (g) have implemented and maintain policies consistent with 
HIPAA and the HITECH Act on or before the date that any provision thereof 
becomes applicable to the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary; except in 
each case referred to in clauses (d) – (g) hereof to the extent that 
failure to do so could not reasonably be expected to have a Material 
Adverse Effect.


Section 4.2.    Organizational Power; Authorization. The execution, 
delivery and performance by each Loan Party of the Loan Documents to which 
it is a party are within such Loan Party’s organizational powers and have 
been duly authorized by all necessary organizational, and if required, 
shareholder, partner or member, action. This Agreement has been duly 
executed and delivered by each Loan Party, and constitutes, and each other 
Loan Document to which any Loan Party is party, when executed and delivered 
by such Loan Party, will constitute a legal, valid and binding obligation 
of each Loan Party, enforceable against such Loan Party, in accordance with 
their respective terms, except as may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, 
insolvency, reorganization, moratorium, or similar laws affecting the 
enforcement of creditors’ rights generally and by general principles of 
equity.


Section 4.3.    Governmental Approvals; No Conflicts. The execution, 
delivery and performance by each Loan Party of this Agreement, and by each 
Loan Party of the other Loan Documents to which it is a party (a) do not 
require any consent or approval of, registration or filing with, or any 
action by, any Governmental Authority, except those as have been obtained 
or made and are in full force and effect, (b) will not violate the 
Organization Documents of any Loan Party or any Law applicable to the 
Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries or any judgment, order or 
ruling of any Governmental Authority, (c) will not violate or result in a 
default under any indenture, agreement or other instrument binding on the 
Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries or any of its assets or give 
rise to a right thereunder to require any payment to be made by the 
Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries, (d) will not result in the 
creation or imposition of any Lien on any asset of the Borrower or any of 
its Restricted Subsidiaries, except Liens (if any) created under the Loan 
Documents, (e) will not result in a suspension or revocation of, or 
limitation on, any material certificate of authority, license, permit, 
authorization or other approval applicable to the business, operations or 
properties of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary to the extent such 
suspension, revocation or limitation is material to the business of the 
Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, or material 
adversely affect the ability of the Borrower and its Restricted 
Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, to participate in, or contract with, any 
material Medical Reimbursement Program.


Section 4.4.    Financial Statements. The Borrower has furnished to each 
Lender (a) the Audited Financial Statements and (b) the Interim Financial 
Statements. Such financial statements fairly present the consolidated 
financial condition of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries as of such dates 
and the consolidated results of operations for such periods in conformity 
with GAAP consistently applied, subject to year end audit adjustments and 
the absence of footnotes in the case of the statements referred to in 
clause (b). The financial statements delivered pursuant to Section 5.1(a) 
and (b) have been prepared in accordance with GAAP and present fairly (on 
the basis disclosed in the footnotes to such financial statements) the 
consolidated financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of 
the Borrower and its Subsidiaries as of the dates thereof and for the 
periods covered thereby. Since the date of the Audited Financial 
Statements, there have been no changes with respect to the Borrower and its 
Subsidiaries which have had or could reasonably be expected to have, singly 
or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect.


      Section 4.5.    Litigation and Environmental Matters.

        (a)No litigation, investigation or proceeding of or before any
        arbitrators or Governmental Authorities is pending against or, to
        the knowledge of any Responsible Officer of


58
------------------------------------------------------------------------


        the Loan Parties, threatened against or affecting the Borrower or
        any of its Restricted Subsidiaries (i) as to which there is a
        reasonable possibility of an adverse determination that could
        reasonably be expected to have, either individually or in the
        aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect or (ii) which in any manner
        draws into question the validity or enforceability of this
        Agreement or any other Loan Document.

        (b)Neither the Borrower nor any of its Restricted Subsidiaries (i)
        has failed to comply with any Environmental Law or to obtain,
        maintain or comply with any permit, license or other approval
        required under any Environmental Law, (ii) has become subject to
        any Environmental Liability, (iii) has received notice of any claim
        with respect to any Environmental Liability or (iv) knows of any
        basis for any Environmental Liability.

        (c)To the knowledge of the Responsible Officers of the Borrower,
        none of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary, nor any of their
        current respective officers, directors, or employees, have engaged
        (and no Responsible Officer of a Loan Party has received written
        notice from a Contract Provider that such Contract Provider has
        engaged) in any activities that constitute prohibited acts of fraud
        under Medicare Regulations or Medicaid Regulations where such
        activities have resulted, or the Borrower has reasonably determined
        in good faith it could reasonably be expected to result, in a
        Material Adverse Effect and the Borrower has not taken action
        within a reasonable period of time after discovery of such
        activities, to suspend or remove such persons from responsibilities
        relating to such activities or to ensure that such activities are
        no longer reasonably expected to result in a Material Adverse
        Effect.

Section 4.6.    Compliance with Laws and Agreements. The Borrower and each 
Restricted Subsidiary is in compliance (and no Responsible Officer of any 
Loan Party has received notice from a Contract Provider that such Contract 
Provider is not in compliance) with (a) all material Laws and all 
judgments, decrees and orders of any Governmental Authority and (b) all 
indentures, agreements or other instruments binding upon it or its 
properties, except where non-compliance, either individually or in the 
aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse 
Effect. Without limiting the foregoing, current billing policies, 
arrangements, protocols and instructions of each of the Borrower and its 
Restricted Subsidiaries comply in all material respects with requirements 
of the Medical Reimbursement Programs and are currently administered by 
properly trained personnel.


Section 4.7.    No Default.


        (a)Neither the Borrower nor any Restricted Subsidiary is in default
        under or with respect to any Contractual Obligation that could
        reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.


        (b)No Default has occurred and is continuing.


Section 4.8.    Investment Company Act, Etc.    


        (a)    Neither the Borrower nor any of its Restricted Subsidiaries
        is an “investment company” or is “controlled” by an “investment
        company”, as such terms are defined in, or subject to regulation
        under, the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended.


        (b)    Neither the Borrower nor any of its Restricted Subsidiaries
        (other than any HMO Subsidiary or Insurance Subsidiary) is subject
        to any other regulatory scheme limiting its ability




59
------------------------------------------------------------------------


        to incur debt or requiring any approval or consent from or
        registration or filing with, any Governmental Authority in
        connection therewith.


Section 4.9.    Taxes. The Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries and 
each other Person for whose taxes the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary 
could become liable have timely filed or caused to be filed all federal, 
state and other material tax returns required to be filed by them, and have 
paid all federal, state and other material taxes, assessments made against 
it or its property and all other taxes, fees or other charges imposed on it 
or any of its property by any Governmental Authority, except where the same 
are currently being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings and 
for which the Borrower or such Restricted Subsidiary, as the case may be, 
has set aside on its books adequate reserves in accordance with GAAP. The 
charges, accruals and reserves on the books of the Borrower and its 
Restricted Subsidiaries in respect of such taxes are adequate, and no tax 
liabilities that could be materially in excess of the amount so provided 
are anticipated.


Section 4.10.    Margin Regulations. None of the proceeds of any of the 
Loans or Letters of Credit will be used, directly or indirectly, for 
“purchasing” or “carrying” any “margin stock” with the respective meanings 
of each of such terms under Regulation U or for any purpose that violates 
the provisions of the Regulation T, U or X. Neither the Borrower nor its 
Restricted Subsidiaries is engaged principally, or as one of its important 
activities, in the business of extending credit for the purpose of 
purchasing or carrying “margin stock.”


Section 4.11.    ERISA. No ERISA Event has occurred or is reasonably 
expected to occur that, when taken together with all other such ERISA 
Events for which liability is reasonably expected to occur, could 
reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. The present 
value of all accumulated benefit obligations under each Plan (based on the 
assumptions used for purposes of Statement of Financial Standards No. 87) 
did not, as of the date of the most recent financial statements reflecting 
such amounts, exceed the fair market value of the assets of such Plan, and 
the present value of all accumulated benefit obligations of all underfunded 
Plans (based on the assumptions used for purposes of Statement of Financial 
Standards No. 87) did not, as of the date of the most recent financial 
statements reflecting such amounts, exceed the fair market value of the 
assets of all such underfunded Plans.


Section 4.12.    Ownership of Property.


        (a)    Each of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries has
        good title to, or valid leasehold interests in, all of its real and
        personal property material to the operation of its business,
        including all such properties reflected in the Audited Financial
        Statements or the most recent audited consolidated balance sheet of
        the Borrower delivered pursuant to Section 5.1(a) or purported to
        have been acquired by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary
        after said date (except as sold or otherwise disposed of in the
        ordinary course of business), in each case free and clear of Liens
        not permitted by this Agreement. All leases that individually or in
        the aggregate are material to the business or operations of the
        Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries are valid and subsisting
        and are in full force.


        (b)    Each of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries owns,
        or is licensed, or otherwise has the right, to use, all patents,
        trademarks, service marks, trade names, copyrights and other
        intellectual property material to its business, and the use thereof
        by the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries does not infringe
        in any material respect on the rights of any other Person.


        (c)    The properties of the Borrower and its Restricted
        Subsidiaries are insured with financially sound and reputable
        insurance companies which are not Affiliates of the Borrower, in




60
------------------------------------------------------------------------


        such amounts with such deductibles and covering such risks as are
        customarily carried by companies engaged in similar businesses and
        owning similar properties in localities where the Borrower or any
        applicable Restricted Subsidiary operates.


Section 4.13.    Disclosure. Each Loan Party has disclosed to the Lenders 
all agreements, instruments, and corporate or other restrictions to which 
it or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries is subject, and all other matters 
known to any of them, that, individually or in the aggregate, could 
reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. None of the 
reports (including without limitation all reports that any Loan Party is 
required to file with the SEC), financial statements, certificates or other 
information furnished by or on behalf of any Loan Party to the 
Administrative Agent or any Lender in connection with the negotiation or 
syndication of this Agreement or any other Loan Document or delivered 
hereunder or thereunder (as modified or supplemented by any other 
information so furnished) contains any material misstatement of fact or 
omits to state any material fact necessary to make the statements therein, 
taken as a whole, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, 
not misleading; provided, that, with respect to projected financial 
information, the Borrower represents only that such information was 
prepared in good faith based upon assumptions believed to be reasonable at 
the time.


Section 4.14.    Labor Relations. All payments due from the Borrower or any 
of its Restricted Subsidiaries pursuant to the provisions of any collective 
bargaining agreement have been paid or accrued as a liability on the books 
of the Borrower or any such Restricted Subsidiary, except where the failure 
to do so could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse 
Effect.


Section 4.15.    Subsidiaries. Schedule 4.15 sets forth (i) the name of, 
the ownership interest of each Loan Party in, the jurisdiction of 
incorporation or organization of, and the type of, each Subsidiary and 
identifies each Subsidiary that is a Loan Party, in each case as of the 
Closing Date and (ii) whether such Subsidiary is an Insurance Subsidiary, 
HMO Subsidiary or Unrestricted Subsidiary. All issued and outstanding 
Capital Stock of the Borrower and each of its Restricted Subsidiaries is 
duly authorized and validly issued, fully paid, non-assessable, as 
applicable, and free and clear of all Liens other than those in favor of 
the Administrative Agent, for the benefit of the holders of the 
Obligations. All such securities were issued in compliance with all 
applicable state and federal Laws concerning the issuance of securities. As 
of the Closing Date, all of the issued and outstanding Capital Stock of 
each of the Subsidiaries is owned by the Persons and in the amounts set 
forth on Schedule 4.15. Except as set forth on Schedule 4.15, there are no 
pre-emptive or other outstanding rights, options, warrants, conversion 
rights or other similar agreements or understandings for the purchase or 
acquisition of any Capital Stock of the Borrower or any of its Restricted 
Subsidiaries.


Section 4.16.    Solvency. After giving effect to the execution and 
delivery of the Loan Documents, the making of the Loans under this 
Agreement, the Borrower is Solvent and the Loan Parties are Solvent on a 
consolidated basis.


Section 4.17.    Reserved.


Section 4.18.    Licensing and Accreditation. Except where the failure to 
do so could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, 
each of the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries, and to the knowledge 
of the Responsible Officers of the Loan Parties, each Contract Provider (i) 
has obtained (or been duly assigned) all required certificates of need or 
determinations of need as required by the relevant state Governmental 
Authority for the acquisition, construction, expansion of, investment in or 
operation of its businesses as currently operated; (ii) has obtained and 
maintains accreditation from one or more generally recognized accreditation 
agencies where such accreditation is customary in the industry in which it 
is engaged; (iii) in the case of each HMO Subsidiary, has entered into and 
maintains in good standing its contract with




61
------------------------------------------------------------------------


CMS or such other agreement to be able to provide managed health care 
services to Medicare or Medicaid; and (iv) has taken all necessary action 
to obtain, preserve and maintain each certificate of authority, license, 
permit, authorization and other approval of any Governmental Authority 
required for the conduct of its business and material to the business of 
the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries taken as a whole, and all of 
such certificates, licenses, permits, authorizations or approvals are in 
full force and effect and have not been revoked or suspended or otherwise 
limited, including action to obtain, preserve and maintain with respect to 
each HMO Subsidiary all certificates of authority, licenses, permits, 
authorizations and other approvals required under the HMO Regulations or 
other regulations issued by the applicable Governmental Authority, 
including approvals required to ensure that such HMO Subsidiary and 
Insurance Subsidiary is eligible for all reimbursements available under the 
HMO Regulations or other regulations issued by the applicable Governmental 
Authority, and all of such certificates, licenses, permits, authorizations 
or approvals are in full force and effect and have not been revoked or 
suspended or otherwise limited. To the knowledge of the Responsible 
Officers of the Loan Parties, each Contract Provider is duly licensed 
(where license is required) by each state or state agency or commission, or 
any other Governmental Authority having jurisdiction over the provisions of 
such services by such Person in the locations in which the Loan Parties 
conduct business, required to enable such Person to provide the 
professional services provided by such Person and otherwise as is necessary 
to enable the Loan Parties to operate as currently operated and as 
presently contemplated to be operated except to the extent that the failure 
to do so could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse 
Effect. To the knowledge of the Responsible Officers of the Loan Parties, 
all such required licenses are in full force and effect on the date hereof 
and have not been revoked or suspended or otherwise limited except to the 
extent that the failure to do so could not reasonably be expected to have a 
Material Adverse Effect.


Section 4.19.    Anti-Corruption Laws and Sanctions.  The Borrower has 
implemented and maintains in effect policies and procedures designed to 
ensure compliance in all material respects by the Borrower, its 
Subsidiaries and their respective directors, officers, employees and agents 
with Anti-Corruption Laws, and the Borrower, its Subsidiaries and their 
respective directors, officers and employees and to the knowledge of the 
Borrower its agents, are in compliance with Anti-Corruption Laws. None of 
(a) the Borrower, any Subsidiary or any of their respective directors, 
officers or employees, or (b) to the knowledge of the Borrower, any agent 
of the Borrower or any Subsidiary that will act in any capacity in 
connection with or benefit from the credit facilities established hereby, 
is a Sanctioned Person. No Borrowing or Letter of Credit, use of proceeds 
or other Transactions will violate Anti-Corruption Laws or applicable 
Sanctions.


Section 4.20.    Subordination of Subordinated Debt.  This Agreement, and 
all amendments, modifications, extensions, renewals, refinancings and 
refundings hereof, constitute the “Senior Credit Agreement” within the 
meaning of the applicable Subordinated Debt Document; this Agreement, 
together with each of the other Loan Documents and all amendments, 
modifications, extensions, renewals, refinancings and refundings hereof and 
thereof, constitute “Senior Loan Documents” within the meaning of the 
applicable Subordinated Debt Document; and the Revolving Loans and all 
other Obligations of the Borrower to the Lenders and the Administrative 
Agent under this Agreement and all other Loan Documents, and all 
amendments, modifications, extensions, renewals, refinancings or refundings 
of any of the foregoing, constitute “Senior Indebtedness” of the Borrower 
within the meaning of the applicable Subordinated Debt Document, and the 
holders thereof from time to time shall be entitled to all of the rights of 
a holder of “Senior Indebtedness” pursuant to the applicable Subordinated 
Debt Document.


Section 4.21.    Medicare and Medicaid Notices and Filings Related to 
Business.   Except where the failure to do so could not reasonably be 
expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, each of the Borrower and the 
HMO Subsidiaries has timely filed (a) all reports and other filings 
required to be filed in connection with the Medicare and Medicaid programs 
in which they participate, and all such reports and filings are true




62
------------------------------------------------------------------------


and complete in all material respects, and (b) all material reports, data 
and other information required by any other Governmental Authority with 
authority to regulate it or its business or operations in any manner. 
Except to the extent any such action could not reasonably be expected to 
result in a Material Adverse Effect, (i) there are no claims, actions, 
proceedings or appeals pending (and none of the Borrower or any Restricted 
Subsidiary has made any filing that would result in any claims, actions, 
proceedings or appeals) before any Governmental Authority with respect to 
any Medicare or Medicaid reports or claims filed by the Borrower or any 
Restricted Subsidiary on or before the date hereof, or with respect to any 
adjustments, denials, recoupments or disallowances by any intermediary, 
carrier, other insurer, commission, board or agency in connection with any 
cost reports or claims, and (ii) no validation review, survey, inspection, 
audit, investigation or program integrity review related to the Borrower or 
any Restricted Subsidiary has been conducted by any Governmental Authority 
or government contractor in connection with Medicare or Medicaid, and no 
such reviews are scheduled, pending or, to the knowledge of the Borrower, 
threatened against or affecting the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary.


Section 4.22.    No EEA Financial Institutions.   No Loan Party is an EEA 
Financial Institution.


ARTICLE V

AFFIRMATIVE COVENANTS

Each Loan Party covenants and agrees that so long as any Lender has a 
Commitment hereunder, any Obligation remains unpaid or outstanding, or any 
Letter of Credit shall remain outstanding, such Loan Party shall and shall 
cause each Restricted Subsidiary to:


Section 5.1.    Financial Statements and Other Information. Deliver to the 
Administrative Agent and each Lender:


        (a)    as soon as available and in any event within 90 days after
        the end of each Fiscal Year, a copy of the annual audited report
        for such Fiscal Year for the Borrower and its Subsidiaries,
        containing a consolidated balance sheet of the Borrower and its
        Subsidiaries as of the end of such Fiscal Year and the related
        consolidated statements of income or operations, changes in
        stockholders’ equity and cash flows (together with all footnotes
        thereto) of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries for such Fiscal Year,
        setting forth in each case in comparative form the figures for the
        previous Fiscal Year, all in reasonable detail and reported on by
        independent public accountants of nationally recognized standing
        (without a “going concern” or like qualification, exception or
        explanation and without any qualification or exception as to scope
        of such audit) to the effect that such financial statements present
        fairly in all material respects the financial condition and the
        results of operations of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries for such
        Fiscal Year on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP and
        that the examination by such accountants in connection with such
        consolidated financial statements has been made in accordance with
        generally accepted auditing standards;


        (b)    as soon as available and in any event within 45 days after
        the end of each Fiscal Quarter, beginning with the fiscal quarter
        ending September 30, 2015, an unaudited consolidated balance sheet
        of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries as of the end of such Fiscal
        Quarter and the related unaudited consolidated statements of income
        or operations, changes in stockholders’ equity and cash flows of
        the Borrower and its Subsidiaries for such Fiscal Quarter and the
        then elapsed portion of such Fiscal Year, setting forth in each
        case in comparative form the figures for the corresponding quarter
        and the corresponding portion of Borrower’s previous Fiscal Year,
        all in




63
------------------------------------------------------------------------


        reasonable detail and prepared in accordance with GAAP, such
        consolidated statements to be certified by the chief executive
        officer, chief financial officer, treasurer or controller of the
        Borrower as presenting fairly the financial condition, results of
        operations, stockholders’ equity and cash flows of the Borrower and
        its Subsidiaries in accordance with GAAP, subject only to normal
        year-end audit adjustments and the absence of footnotes;


        (c)    concurrently with the delivery of the financial statements
        referred to in clauses (a) and (b) above, a Compliance Certificate
        signed by the principal executive officer or the principal
        financial officer of the Borrower (i) certifying as to whether
        there exists a Default or Event of Default on the date of such
        certificate, and if a Default or an Event of Default then exists,
        (ii) setting forth in reasonable detail calculations demonstrating
        compliance with the financial covenants set forth in Article VI,
        (iii) certifying that as of the date thereof, all representations
        and warranties of each Loan Party set forth in the Loan Documents
        are true and correct in all material respects (other than those
        representations and warranties that are expressly qualified by a
        Material Adverse Effect or other materiality, in which case such
        representations and warranties are true and correct in all
        respects), except to the extent that such representations and
        warranties specifically refer to an earlier date, in which case
        they are true and correct in all material respects (other than
        those representations and warranties that are expressly qualified
        by a Material Adverse Effect or other materiality, in which case
        such representations and warranties shall be true and correct in
        all respects) as of such earlier date, (iv) stating whether any
        change in GAAP or the application thereof has occurred since the
        date of the Audited Financial Statements, and if any change has
        occurred, specifying the effect of such change on the financial
        statements accompanying such Compliance Certificate, (v) specifying
        any change in the identity of the Subsidiaries as of the end of
        such Fiscal Year or Fiscal Quarter from the Subsidiaries identified
        to the Lenders on the Closing Date or as of the most recent Fiscal
        Year or Fiscal Quarter, as the case may be and (vi) if the Borrower
        has designated any of its Subsidiaries as Unrestricted
        Subsidiaries, then the quarterly and annual financial information
        required by clauses (a) and (b) of this Section 5.1 shall include a
        reasonably detailed presentation, either on the face of the
        financial statements or in the footnotes thereto, of the financial
        condition and results of operations of the Borrower and its
        Restricted Subsidiaries separate from the financial condition and
        results of operations of the Unrestricted Subsidiaries of the
        Borrower.


        (d)    as soon as available and in any event within 60 days after
        the end of the Fiscal Year, a pro forma budget for the succeeding
        Fiscal Year, containing (i) an income statement, balance sheet and
        statement of cash flow of the Borrower and its Restricted
        Subsidiaries and (ii) a statement of cash flow of the Borrower
        only;


        (e)    promptly after the same become publicly available, copies of
        all periodic and other reports, proxy statements and other
        materials filed with the SEC, or with any national securities
        exchange, or distributed by the Borrower to its shareholders
        generally, as the case may be;


        (f)    as soon as available and in any event within 15 days of the
        required date for delivery to the applicable state after the end of
        each fiscal year of the Borrower, annual financial statements of
        each HMO Subsidiary and Insurance Subsidiary as filed with the
        applicable HMO Regulator;


        (g)    as soon as available and in any event within 15 days of the
        required date for delivery to the applicable state after the end of
        each fiscal quarter of the Borrower, quarterly financial statements
        of each HMO Subsidiary and Insurance Subsidiary as filed with the
        applicable HMO Regulator; and




64
------------------------------------------------------------------------


        (h)    promptly following any request therefor, such other
        information regarding the results of operations, business affairs
        and financial condition of the Borrower or any Subsidiary as the
        Administrative Agent or any Lender may reasonably request.


If at any time the Borrower is required to file periodic reports under 
Section 13(a) or Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as 
amended, Borrower may satisfy its obligation to deliver the financial 
statements referred to in clauses (a) and (b) above by delivering such 
financial statements by electronic mail to such e-mail addresses as the 
Administrative Agent and Lenders shall have provided to Borrower from time 
to time.


Section 5.2.    Notices of Material Events. Furnish to the Administrative 
Agent and each Lender prompt written notice of the following:


            (a)
the occurrence of any Default or Event of Default;
       (b)    the filing or commencement of, or any material development
       in, any action, suit, investigation or proceeding by or before any
       arbitrator or Governmental Authority against or, to the knowledge of
       the Borrower, affecting the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary
       which, if adversely determined, could reasonably be expected to
       result in a Material Adverse Effect;


       (c)    the occurrence of any event or any other development by which
       the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries (i) fails to
       comply with any Environmental Law or to obtain, maintain or comply
       with any permit, license or other approval required under any
       Environmental Law, (ii) becomes subject to any Environmental
       Liability, (iii) receives notice of any claim with respect to any
       Environmental Liability, or (iv) becomes aware of any basis for any
       Environmental Liability and in each of the preceding clauses, which
       individually or in the aggregate, could reasonably be expected to
       result in a Material Adverse Effect;


       (d)    the occurrence of any ERISA Event that alone, or together
       with any other ERISA Events that have occurred, could reasonably be
       expected to result in liability of the Borrower and its Restricted
       Subsidiaries in an aggregate amount exceeding $50,000,000;


       (e)    any other development that results in, or could reasonably be
       expected to result in, a Material Adverse Effect;


       (f)    not later than five (5) Business Days after receipt of
       official written notice, any development that has resulted in, or
       could reasonably be expected to result in, an Exclusion Event,
       including any notice by the OIG of exclusion or proposed exclusion
       of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary from any Medical
       Reimbursement Program in which it participates, and any other
       development that has resulted in, or could reasonably be expected to
       result in, a Material Adverse Effect;


       (g)    not later than five (5) Business Days after receipt of
       official written notice, commencement of any material non-routine
       audit or investigation of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary
       by any regulatory authority, including any Governmental Authority or
       HMO Regulator, and commencement of any proceeding or other action
       against the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary, in each case,
       that could reasonably be expected to result in a suspension,
       revocation or termination of any contract of the Borrower or any
       Restricted Subsidiary with respect to a Medical Reimbursement
       Program to the extent such suspension, revocation or termination is
       material to the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries taken as a
       whole; and




65
------------------------------------------------------------------------


       (h)    receipt by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary of (i)
       any notice of suspension or forfeiture of any material certificate
       of authority or similar license of any HMO Subsidiary to the extent
       such suspension or forfeiture is material to the Borrower and its
       Restricted Subsidiaries, taken as a whole and (ii) to the extent
       permitted by law, rule or regulation, any other material notice of
       deficiency, compliance order or adverse report issued by any
       regulatory authority, including any HMO Regulator, or private
       insurance company pursuant to a provider agreement that, if not
       promptly complied with or cured, could reasonably be expected to
       result in the suspension or forfeiture of any certification,
       license, permit, authorization or other approval necessary for such
       HMO Subsidiary to carry on its business as then conducted or in the
       termination of any insurance or reimbursement program then available
       to any HMO Subsidiary, in each case to the extent such suspension,
       termination or forfeiture is material to the Borrower and its
       Restricted Subsidiaries, taken as a whole.


Each notice delivered under this Section 5.2 shall be accompanied by a 
written statement of a Responsible Officer setting forth the details of the 
event or development requiring such notice and any action taken or proposed 
to be taken with respect thereto.


Section 5.3.    Existence; Conduct of Business.


        (a)    Do or cause to be done all things necessary to preserve,
        renew and maintain in full force and effect its legal existence and
        its respective rights, licenses, permits, privileges, franchises,
        patents, copyrights, trademarks and trade names material to the
        conduct of its business; provided, that nothing in this Section 5.3
         shall prohibit any merger, consolidation, liquidation or
        dissolution permitted under Section 7.3; and


        (b)    Engage in the business of the type conducted by the Borrower
        and its Restricted Subsidiaries on the date hereof and businesses
        reasonably related thereto.


Section 5.4.    Compliance with Laws, Etc. Comply with all Laws applicable 
to its business and properties, including without limitation, all 
Environmental Laws, ERISA, Titles XVIII and XIX of the Social Security Act, 
Medicare Regulations, Medicaid Regulations, the Anti-Kickback Statute, 
self-referral law requirements, including the requirements of the Stark 
Law, HMO Regulations, HIPAA, the HITECH Act, and OSHA, except where the 
failure to do so, either individually or in the aggregate, could not 
reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.


Section 5.5.    Payment of Obligations. Pay and discharge at or before 
maturity, all of its obligations and liabilities (including without 
limitation all taxes, assessments and other governmental charges, levies 
and all other claims that could result in a statutory Lien) before the same 
shall become delinquent or in default, except where (a) the validity or 
amount thereof is being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings, 
(b) the Borrower or such Restricted Subsidiary has set aside on its books 
adequate reserves with respect thereto in accordance with GAAP and (c) the 
failure to make payment pending such contest could not reasonably be 
expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.


Section 5.6.    Books and Records. Keep proper books of record and account 
in which full, true and correct entries shall be made of all dealings and 
transactions in relation to its business and activities to the extent 
necessary to prepare the consolidated financial statements of the Borrower 
and its Subsidiaries in conformity with GAAP.




66
------------------------------------------------------------------------


Section 5.7.    Visitation, Inspection, Etc. Permit any representative of 
the Administrative Agent or any Lender, to visit and inspect its 
properties, to examine its books and records and to make copies and take 
extracts therefrom, and to discuss its affairs, finances and accounts with 
any of its officers and with its independent certified public accountants, 
all at such reasonable times and as often as the Administrative Agent or 
any Lender may reasonably request after reasonable prior notice to the 
Borrower; provided, if a Default or an Event of Default has occurred and is 
continuing, no prior notice shall be required.


Section 5.8.    Maintenance of Properties; Insurance.


        (a)    Keep and maintain all property material to the conduct of
        its business in good working order and condition, ordinary wear and
        tear excepted; and


        (b)    Maintain with financially sound and reputable insurance
        companies not Affiliates of the Borrower, insurance with respect to
        its properties and business, and the properties and business of its
        Restricted Subsidiaries, against loss, damage and risk of the kinds
        customarily insured against by companies in the same or similar
        businesses operating in the same or similar locations.


Section 5.9.    Use of Proceeds; Margin Regulations. Use the proceeds of 
all Loans to finance working capital needs, Permitted Acquisitions, capital 
expenditures and for other general corporate purposes of the Borrower and 
its Subsidiaries. No part of the proceeds of any Loan will be used, whether 
directly or indirectly, for any purpose that would violate any rule or 
regulation of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, 
including Regulations T, U or X. All Letters of Credit will be used for 
general corporate purposes.


The Borrower will not request any Borrowing or Letter of Credit, and the 
Borrower shall not use, and the Borrower shall ensure that its Subsidiaries 
and its or their respective directors, officers, employees and agents shall 
not use, the proceeds of any Borrowing or Letter of Credit (i) in 
furtherance of an offer, payment, promise to pay, or authorization of the 
payment or giving of money, or anything else of value, to any Person in 
violation of any Anti-Corruption Laws, (ii) for the purpose of funding, 
financing or facilitating any activities, business or transaction of or 
with any Sanctioned Person, or in any Sanctioned Country or (iii) in any 
manner that would result in the violation of any Sanctions applicable to 
any party hereto.


Section 5.10.    Additional Subsidiaries; Guarantees. If any Subsidiary is 
acquired, formed or becomes a Material Domestic Subsidiary after the 
Closing Date, promptly notify the Administrative Agent and the Lenders 
thereof and, within thirty (30) Business Days (or such longer period 
approved by the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion) after any such 
Subsidiary is acquired or formed, if such Subsidiary is a Material Domestic 
Subsidiary (other than any Subsidiary which is required by Law to maintain 
levels of solvency, or capital, or net assets that would not be achieved if 
it provided a full and unconditional guaranty of the Obligations), cause 
such Subsidiary to become a Guarantor. A Material Domestic Subsidiary shall 
become an additional Guarantor by executing and delivering to the 
Administrative Agent a Guarantor Joinder Agreement in form and substance 
reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, accompanied by (a) all 
other Loan Documents related thereto, (b) certified copies of Organization 
Documents, appropriate authorizing resolutions of the board of directors of 
such Subsidiaries, and opinions of counsel comparable to those delivered 
pursuant to Section 3.1(c), and (c) such other documents as the 
Administrative Agent may reasonably request. Notwithstanding the foregoing, 
upon the guarantee by any Subsidiary of any Indebtedness incurred pursuant 
to Section 7.1(k), concurrently with the provision of such guarantee, to 
the




67
------------------------------------------------------------------------


extent such Subsidiary is not a Guarantor hereunder, cause such Subsidiary 
to become a Guarantor by complying with this Section 5.10.


Section 5.11.    Material Licenses. Obtain and maintain all Material 
Licenses for each Restricted Subsidiary.


Section 5.12.    Unrestricted Subsidiaries.


        (a)    The Borrower may designate any of its Restricted
        Subsidiaries to be an Unrestricted Subsidiary if that designation
        would not cause a Default and if that designation otherwise is
        consistent with this definition of an Unrestricted Subsidiary. If a
        Restricted Subsidiary is designated as an Unrestricted Subsidiary,
        the Fair Market Value of all outstanding Investments owned by the
        Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries in the Subsidiary properly
        designated shall be deemed to be an Investment made as of the time
        of the designation and will either reduce the amount available for
        Restricted Payments under Section 7.5 or be an Investment permitted
        under Section 7.4, as determined by the Borrower; provided that no
        designation of an Unrestricted Subsidiary may be made in reliance
        on Section 7.5(c). Such designation will only be permitted if the
        Investment would be permitted at that time and if the Restricted
        Subsidiary otherwise meets the definition of an Unrestricted
        Subsidiary.


        (b)     Any designation of a Subsidiary of the Borrower as an
        Unrestricted Subsidiary shall be evidenced by the Borrower’s
        delivery to the Administrative Agent a certified copy of a
        resolution of the board of directors of the Borrower giving effect
        to such designation and a certificate of a Responsible Officer
        certifying that such designation complied with the preceding
        conditions and was permitted by Section 7.5. If, at any time, any
        Unrestricted Subsidiary would fail to meet the requirements of an
        Unrestricted Subsidiary, it will thereafter cease to be an
        Unrestricted Subsidiary for purposes of this Agreement, and any
        Indebtedness of such Subsidiary will be deemed to be incurred by a
        Restricted Subsidiary of the Borrower as of such date and, if such
        Indebtedness is not permitted to be incurred as of such date under 
        Section 7.1, the Borrower will be in default of Section 7.1 unless
        such Unrestricted Subsidiary is made to meet such requirements.


        (c)    The Borrower may at any time designate any Unrestricted
        Subsidiary to be a Restricted Subsidiary of the Borrower; provided
        that such designation will be deemed to be an incurrence of
        Indebtedness and Liens by a Restricted Subsidiary of the Borrower
        of any outstanding Indebtedness and Liens of such Unrestricted
        Subsidiary, and such designation will only be permitted if (x) such
        Indebtedness and Liens are permitted under Sections 7.1 and 7.2,
        (y) the Borrower shall have delivered to the Administrative Agent a
        Pro Forma Compliance Certificate demonstrating that after giving
        effect to such designation on a Pro Forma Basis, the Loan Parties
        would be in compliance with the financial covenants set forth in
        Article VI recomputed as of the end of the period of the four
        Fiscal Quarters most recently ended for which the Borrower has
        delivered financial statements pursuant to Section 5.1(a) or (b);
        and (z) no Default or Event of Default would be in existence
        following such designation.


ARTICLE VI


FINANCIAL COVENANTS





68
------------------------------------------------------------------------


Each Loan Party covenants and agrees that so long as any Lender has a 
Commitment hereunder, any Obligation remains unpaid or outstanding, or any 
Letter of Credit shall remain outstanding, no Loan Party shall, nor shall 
it permit any Restricted Subsidiary to, directly or indirectly:


Section 6.1.    Consolidated Net Leverage Ratio. Permit the Consolidated 
Net Leverage Ratio as of the end of each Fiscal Quarter, commencing with 
the Fiscal Quarter ending September 30, 2015, to be greater than 4.00:1.0.


Section 6.2.    Consolidated Interest Coverage Ratio. Permit the 
Consolidated Interest Coverage Ratio as of the end of each Fiscal Quarter, 
commencing with the Fiscal Quarter ending September 30, 2015, to be less 
than 3.50:1.00.


ARTICLE VII

NEGATIVE COVENANTS

Each Loan Party covenants and agrees that so long as any Lender has a 
Commitment hereunder, any Obligation remains unpaid or outstanding, or any 
Letter of Credit shall remain outstanding, no Loan Party shall, nor shall 
it permit any Restricted Subsidiary to, directly or indirectly:


Section 7.1.    Indebtedness and Preferred Equity. Create, incur, assume or 
suffer to exist any Indebtedness, except:


        (a)    Indebtedness created pursuant to the Loan Documents;


        (b)    Indebtedness of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary
        existing on the date hereof and set forth on Schedule 7.1 and
        extensions, renewals and replacements of any such Indebtedness that
        do not increase the outstanding principal amount thereof
        (immediately prior to giving effect to such extension, renewal or
        replacement) or shorten the maturity or the weighted average life
        thereof;


        (c)    Indebtedness of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary
        incurred to finance the acquisition, construction or improvement of
        any fixed or capital assets, including Capital Lease Obligations; 
        provided, that such Indebtedness is incurred prior to or within 90
        days after such acquisition or the completion of such construction
        or improvements or extensions, renewals, and replacements of any
        such Indebtedness that do not increase the outstanding principal
        amount thereof (immediately prior to giving effect to such
        extension, renewal or replacement) or shorten the maturity or the
        weighted average life thereof; provided further, that the aggregate
        principal amount of such Indebtedness does not exceed at any time
        outstanding, the greater of (i) $150,000,000 and (ii) 3.0% of the
        value of Consolidated Total Assets;


        (d)    Indebtedness of the Borrower owing to any Restricted
        Subsidiary and of any Restricted Subsidiary owing to the Borrower
        or any other Restricted Subsidiary; provided, that any such
        Indebtedness that is owed by the Borrower or a Restricted
        Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party shall be subject to Section 7.4
        ;


        (e)    Guarantees by the Borrower of Indebtedness of any Restricted
        Subsidiary and by any Restricted Subsidiary of Indebtedness of the
        Borrower or any other Restricted Subsidiary; provided, that
        Guarantees by any Loan Party of Indebtedness of any Restricted
        Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party shall be subject to Section 7.4
        ;




69
------------------------------------------------------------------------


        (f)    Hedging Obligations permitted by Section 7.10;


        (g)    Indebtedness under letters of credit not issued under this
        Agreement in an aggregate amount not to exceed, at the time of
        incurrence of any such Indebtedness, $150,000,000 (the “Additional
        Letters of Credit”);


        (h)    the 2020 Convertible Notes and the 2044 Convertible Notes;


        (i)    Indebtedness of Persons acquired in Permitted Acquisitions
        (the “Acquired Indebtedness”) in an aggregate amount not to exceed,
        at the time of incurrence of any such Acquired Indebtedness, the
        greater of (A) $75,000,000 and (B) 1.5% of Consolidated Total
        Assets, provided that such Acquired Indebtedness (i) shall exist
        prior to the applicable Permitted Acquisition and shall not have
        been incurred in anticipation of the applicable Permitted
        Acquisition, (ii) neither the Borrower nor any of its Restricted
        Subsidiaries that was not an obligor with respect to such
        Indebtedness prior to such Person becoming a Restricted Subsidiary
        of the Borrower shall become an obligor for such Indebtedness and
        (iii) such Indebtedness shall not be secured by a Lien on any
        Property of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary that did not
        secure such Indebtedness prior to such Person becoming a Restricted
        Subsidiary of the Borrower;


        (j)    other secured Indebtedness of the Borrower and its
        Restricted Subsidiaries, provided that, (i) no Default or Event of
        Default shall have occurred and be continuing or result from the
        incurrence of such Indebtedness, (ii) the documents governing such
        secured Indebtedness shall not contain covenants (including
        quantitative covenants and financial covenants) which are more
        restrictive than the covenants contained in this agreement, (iii)
        the final maturity date, any mandatory prepayment or mandatory
        redemption of such secured Indebtedness shall be no earlier than
        ninety-one (91) days after the Revolving Commitment Termination
        Date or the latest maturity date applicable to any Incremental Term
        Loan, (iv) the weighted average life to maturity of such secured
        Indebtedness shall not be shorter than the weighted average life to
        maturity of any Incremental Term Loan outstanding as of the time of
        the issuance thereof and (v) the aggregate principal amount of such
        Indebtedness shall not exceed, at the time of incurrence of any
        such Indebtedness, the greater of (A) $75,000,000 and (B) 2.5% of
        the value of Consolidated Total Assets; and


        (k)    Permitted Subordinated Debt and unsecured Indebtedness of
        the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries, provided that (i)
        after giving effect thereto on a Pro Forma Basis the Borrower and
        its Restricted Subsidiaries are in compliance with the financial
        covenants as set forth in Article VI recomputed as of the end of
        the period of the four Fiscal Quarters most recently ended for
        which the Borrower has delivered financial statements pursuant to 
        Section 5.1(a) or (b), (ii) no Default or Event of Default shall
        have occurred and be continuing or result from the incurrence of
        such Indebtedness, (iii) the documents governing such unsecured
        Indebtedness shall not contain covenants (including quantitative
        covenants and financial covenants) which are more restricted than
        the covenants contained in this Agreement, (iv) the final maturity
        date, any mandatory prepayment or mandatory redemption of such
        unsecured Indebtedness shall be no earlier than ninety-one (91)
        days after the Revolving Commitment Termination Date or the latest
        maturity date applicable to any Incremental Term Loan; provided,
        that this clause (iv) shall not apply to Bridge Senior Unsecured
        Indebtedness and (v) the weighted average life to maturity of such
        unsecured Indebtedness shall not be shorter than the weighted
        average life to maturity of any Incremental Term Loan outstanding
        as of the time of the issuance thereof.




70
------------------------------------------------------------------------


Section 7.2.    Negative Pledge. Create, incur, assume or suffer to exist 
any Lien on any of its assets or property now owned or hereafter acquired 
or, except:


        (a)    Liens securing the Obligations pursuant to the Loan
        Documents (if any);


        (b)    Permitted Encumbrances;


        (c)    any Liens on any property or assets of the Borrower or its
        Restricted Subsidiaries existing on the Closing Date set forth on 
        Schedule 7.2; provided, that such Lien shall not apply to any other
        property or asset of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary;


        (d)    purchase money Liens upon or in any fixed or capital assets
        to secure the purchase price or the cost of construction or
        improvement of such fixed or capital assets or to secure
        Indebtedness incurred solely for the purpose of financing the
        acquisition, construction or improvement of such fixed or capital
        assets (including Liens securing any Capital Lease Obligations); 
        provided, that (i) such Lien secured Indebtedness permitted by 
        Section 7.1(c), (ii) such Lien attaches to such asset concurrently
        or within 90 days after the acquisition, improvement or completion
        of the construction thereof, (iii) such Lien does not extend to any
        other asset; and (iv) the Indebtedness secured thereby does not
        exceed the cost of acquiring, constructing or improving such fixed
        or capital assets;


        (e)    extensions, renewals, or replacements of any Lien referred
        to in paragraphs (a) through (d) of this Section 7.2; provided,
        that the principal amount of the Indebtedness secured thereby is
        not increased and that any such extension, renewal or replacement
        is limited to the assets originally encumbered thereby;


        (f)    Liens securing Acquired Indebtedness permitted under 
        Section 7.1(i), provided that (i) such Liens do not at any time
        encumber any property other than property of the Person acquired in
        the applicable Permitted Acquisition at the time of such Permitted
        Acquisition and (ii) such Liens shall exist prior to the applicable
        Permitted Acquisition and shall not be incurred in anticipation of
        the applicable Permitted Acquisition;


        (g)    Liens securing Indebtedness permitted by Section 7.1(j);


        (h)    Liens in cash and Permitted Investments securing the
        reimbursement and related obligations under Additional Letters of
        Credit; and


        (i)    normal and customary rights of setoff upon deposits of cash
        in favor of banks or other depository institutions.


Section 7.3.    Fundamental Changes.


        (a)    Merge into or consolidate into any other Person, or permit
        any other Person to merge into or consolidate with it, or sell,
        lease, transfer or otherwise dispose of (in a single transaction or
        a series of transactions) all or substantially all of its assets
        (in each case, whether now owned or hereafter acquired) or any line
        of business or all or substantially all of the stock of any of its
        Restricted Subsidiaries (in each case, whether now owned or
        hereafter acquired) or liquidate or dissolve; provided, that if at
        the time thereof and immediately after giving effect thereto, no
        Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing,
        (i) the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary may merge with a
        Person pursuant to a Permitted Acquisition if the Borrower (or such




71
------------------------------------------------------------------------


        Restricted Subsidiary if the Borrower is not a party to such
        merger) is the surviving Person, (ii) any Restricted Subsidiary may
        merge into another Restricted Subsidiary, provided, that if any
        party to such merger is a Guarantor, the Guarantor shall be the
        surviving Person, (iii) any Restricted Subsidiary may sell,
        transfer, lease or otherwise dispose of all or substantially all of
        its assets to any Loan Party, (iv) any Restricted Subsidiary (other
        than a Guarantor) may liquidate or dissolve if the Borrower
        determines in good faith that such liquidation or dissolution is in
        the best interests of the Borrower and is not materially
        disadvantageous to the Lenders and (v) any HMO Subsidiary and
        Insurance Subsidiary may merge with any other HMO Subsidiary,
        Insurance Subsidiary or Subsidiary of an HMO Subsidiary or
        Insurance Subsidiary; provided that (x) its assets are all disposed
        of pursuant to Section 2.12(a) and (y) any such merger involving a
        Person that is not a wholly-owned Restricted Subsidiary immediately
        prior to such merger shall not be permitted unless also permitted
        by Section 7.4.


        (b)    Engage in any business other than businesses of the type
        conducted by the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries on the
        date hereof and businesses reasonably related thereto.


Section 7.4.    Investments, Loans, Etc.     Make any Investment, except:


        (a)    Investments (other than Permitted Investments) existing on
        the date hereof and set forth on Schedule 7.4 (including
        Investments in Subsidiaries);


        (b)    Permitted Investments;


        (c)    Investments in any Person that is a Loan Party prior to
        giving effect to such Investment;


        (d)    Investments by any Restricted Subsidiary that is not a Loan
        Party in any other Restricted Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party;


        (e)    Guarantees by Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary
        constituting Indebtedness permitted by Section 7.1;


        (f)    Hedging Transactions permitted by Section 7.10;


        (g)    Permitted Acquisitions;


        (h)    Investments in any HMO Subsidiary or Insurance Subsidiary
        (i) reasonably related to causing such HMO Subsidiary or Insurance
        Subsidiary to comply with (A) minimum statutory capital
        requirements applicable to such HMO Subsidiary or Insurance
        Subsidiary or (B) the minimum amount of capital required to be
        maintained under Material Contracts applicable to such HMO
        Subsidiary or Insurance Subsidiary or (ii) in connection with a
        Permitted Acquisition, but solely to extent necessary for such HMO
        Subsidiary or Insurance Subsidiary to consummate such Permitted
        Acquisition;


        (i)    Guarantees of Contractual Obligations of any HMO Subsidiary
        or Excluded Subsidiary entered into in the ordinary course of
        business; and


        (j)    other Investments which in the aggregate do not exceed the
        greater of (i) $60,000,000 or (ii) 2.0% of Consolidated Total
        Assets at any time outstanding.




72
------------------------------------------------------------------------


Section 7.5.    Restricted Payments. Declare or make, or agree to pay or 
make, directly or indirectly, any Restricted Payment, except for:


        (a)    dividends payable by the Borrower solely in shares of any
        class of its common stock;


        (b)    Restricted Payments, of the type referred to in clause (a)
        of such definition, made by any Restricted Subsidiary to Persons
        that own Capital Stock in such Restricted Subsidiary, on a pro rata
        basis according to their respective holdings of the type of Capital
        Stock in respect of which such Restricted Payment is being made
        with any other shareholders if such Restricted Subsidiary is not
        wholly owned by the Borrower and other wholly owned Restricted
        Subsidiaries;


        (c)    any Restricted Payment (other than Restricted Investments in
        Unrestricted Subsidiaries), so long as, at the time of such
        Restricted Payment (i) no Default or Event of Default has occurred
        and is continuing and (ii) after giving effect to such Restricted
        Payment on a Pro Forma Basis (x) the Loan Parties would be in
        compliance with the financial covenants set forth in Article VI
        recomputed as of the end of the period of the four Fiscal Quarters
        most recently ended for which the Borrower has delivered financial
        statements pursuant to Section 5.1(a) or (b) and (y) the
        Consolidated Net Leverage Ratio recomputed as of the end of the
        period of the four Fiscal Quarters most recently ended for which
        the Borrower has delivered financial statements pursuant to 
        Section 5.1(a) or (b) shall be less than 2.50:1.00;


        (d)    any Restricted Payment, so long as, at the time of such
        Restricted Payment (i) no Default or Event of Default has occurred
        and is continuing and (ii) the aggregate amount of all Restricted
        Payments made pursuant to this clause (d) shall not to exceed
        $250,000,000 in the aggregate during the term of this Agreement;
        and


        (e)    any other Restricted Payment, unless, at the time of and
        after giving effect to such Restricted Payment on a Pro Forma
        Basis: (x) no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is
        continuing, (y) after giving effect to such Restricted Payment on a
        Pro Forma Basis the Consolidated Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio
        recomputed as of the end of the period of the four Fiscal Quarters
        most recently ended for which the Borrower has delivered financial
        statements pursuant to Section 5.1(a) or (b) shall be greater than
        2.00:1.0; and (z) such Restricted Payment, together with the
        aggregate amount of all Restricted Payments made by the Borrower
        and the Restricted Subsidiaries after the date of the First
        Amendment pursuant to clause (c) and (d), is less than the sum,
        without duplication, of:


            (i)    50% of Consolidated Net Income for the period (taken as
            one accounting period) from January 1, 2016 through and
            including the date of the most recent balance sheet included in
            the financial statements delivered by the Borrower pursuant to 
            Section 5.1(a) or (b) at the time of such Restricted Payment
            (or, if such Consolidated Net Income for such period is a
            deficit, less 100% of such deficit), plus


            (ii)    100% of the aggregate net cash proceeds (or the Fair
            Market Value of property other than cash) received by the
            Borrower since the date of the First Amendment as a
            contribution to its common equity capital or from the issuance
            or sale of Capital Stock of the Borrower (other than the
            issuance of Disqualified Stock) or from the issuance or sale of
            convertible or exchangeable Disqualified Stock or convertible
            or exchangeable debt securities of the Borrower, in either
            case, that have been converted into or exchanged for




73
------------------------------------------------------------------------


            such Capital Stock of the Borrower (other than Capital Stock or
            Disqualified Stock or debt securities sold to a Subsidiary of
            the Borrower), plus


            (iii)    to the extent that any Restricted Investment that was
            made after the date of the First Amendment is (A) sold for cash
            or otherwise cancelled, liquidated or repaid for cash, the cash
            proceeds received with respect to such Restricted Investment
            (less the cost of disposition, if any) or (B) made in an entity
            that subsequently becomes a Restricted Subsidiary, an amount
            equal to the Fair Market Value of the Restricted Investments
            owned by the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries in such
            entity at the time such entity becomes a Restricted Subsidiary, 
            plus


            (iv)    100% of the aggregate net cash proceeds (or the Fair
            Market Value of property other than cash) received by the
            Borrower since the date of the First Amendment by means of (A)
            the sale (other than to the Borrower or a Restricted
            Subsidiary) of the Capital Stock of an Unrestricted Subsidiary
            or (B) a distribution or dividend from an Unrestricted
            Subsidiary (other than in each case to the extent such
            Investment constituted an Investment permitted under Section
            7.4), in each case to the extent that such amounts were not
            otherwise included in the Consolidated Net Income for such
            period, plus


            (v)    in case, after the date of the First Amendment, any
            Unrestricted Subsidiary has been redesignated as a Restricted
            Subsidiary under the terms of this Agreement or has been
            merged, consolidated or amalgamated with or into, or transfers
            or conveys assets to, or is liquidated into the Borrower or a
            Restricted Subsidiary, an amount equal to the Fair Market Value
            of the Restricted Investments owned by the Borrower and its
            Restricted Subsidiaries in such Unrestricted Subsidiary at the
            time of the redesignation, combination or transfer (or of the
            assets transferred or conveyed, as applicable).


Section 7.6.    Sale of Assets. Make any Asset Sale, except the sale or 
other disposition of such assets that (i) have consideration of at least 
75% of which is cash or Permitted Investments; provided, that, any 
Designated Non-cash Consideration received by the Borrower or any of its 
Restricted Subsidiaries in such Asset Sale having an aggregate Fair Market 
Value, taken together with all other Designated Non-cash Consideration 
received pursuant to this clause (i) that is at that time outstanding not 
in excess of the greater of (x) $200,000,000 and (y) 3.5% of Consolidated 
Total Assets at the time of the receipt of such Designated Non-cash 
Consideration (determined based on the most recently ended fiscal quarter 
for which internal financial statements are available and with the Fair 
Market Value of each item of Designated Non-cash Consideration being 
measured at the time received and without giving effect to subsequent 
changes in value) shall be deemed to be cash for purposes of this Section 
7.6 but for no other purpose and (ii) such consideration, at the time such 
Asset Sale is agreed to, is at least equal to the Fair Market Value of the 
assets being sold, transferred, leased or disposed of.


Section 7.7.    Transactions with Affiliates. Sell, lease or otherwise 
transfer any property or assets to, or purchase, lease or otherwise acquire 
any property or assets from, or otherwise engage in any other transactions 
with, any of its Affiliates, except (a) in the ordinary course of business 
at prices and on terms and conditions not less favorable to the Borrower or 
such Restricted Subsidiary than could be obtained on an arm’s-length basis 
from unrelated third parties, (b) transactions between or among the Loan 
Parties and (c) any Restricted Payment permitted by Section 7.5.


Section 7.8.    Restrictive Agreements. Enter into, incur or permit to 
exist any agreement (other than any Contractual Obligation binding on any 
HMO Subsidiary or Insurance Subsidiary) that prohibits,




74
------------------------------------------------------------------------


restricts or imposes any condition upon (a) the ability of the Borrower or 
any Restricted Subsidiary to create, incur or permit any Lien upon any of 
its assets or properties, whether now owned or hereafter acquired, or (b) 
the ability of any Restricted Subsidiary to pay dividends or other 
distributions with respect to its Capital Stock, to make or repay loans or 
advances to the Borrower or any other Restricted Subsidiary, to Guarantee 
Indebtedness of the Borrower or any other Restricted Subsidiary or to 
transfer any of its property or assets to the Borrower or any Restricted 
Subsidiary of the Borrower; provided, that (i) the foregoing shall not 
apply to restrictions or conditions imposed by Law or by this Agreement or 
any other Loan Document, (ii) the foregoing shall not apply to customary 
restrictions and conditions contained in agreements relating to the sale of 
a Restricted Subsidiary pending such sale, provided such restrictions and 
conditions apply only to the Restricted Subsidiary that is sold and such 
sale is permitted hereunder, (iii) clause (a) shall not apply to 
restrictions or conditions imposed by any agreement relating to secured 
Indebtedness or Capital Lease Obligations permitted by this Agreement so 
long as such restrictions and conditions apply only to the property or 
assets securing such Indebtedness and (iv) clause (a) shall not apply to 
customary provision in leases restricting the assignment thereof.


Section 7.9.    Reserved.


Section 7.10.    Hedging Transactions. Enter into any Hedging Transaction, 
other than Hedging Transactions entered into in the ordinary course of 
business to hedge or mitigate risks to which the Borrower or any Restricted 
Subsidiary is exposed in the conduct of its business or the management of 
its liabilities. Solely for the avoidance of doubt, the Borrower 
acknowledges that a Hedging Transaction entered into for speculative 
purposes or of a speculative nature (which shall be deemed to include any 
Hedging Transaction under which the Borrower or any of the Restricted 
Subsidiaries is or may become obliged to make any payment (i) in connection 
with the purchase by any third party of any Capital Stock or any 
Indebtedness or (ii) as a result of changes in the market value of any 
Capital Stock or any Indebtedness) is not a Hedging Transaction entered 
into in the ordinary course of business to hedge or mitigate risks.


Section 7.11.    Reserved.


Section 7.12.    Amendment to Organization Documents.  Amend, modify or 
waive any of its rights in a manner materially adverse to the Lenders or 
any Loan Party under its Organization Documents.


Section 7.13.    Amendments and Prepayment of Other Indebtedness.


        (a)    The Borrower will not, and will not permit any of its
        Restricted Subsidiaries to, prepay, redeem, repurchase or otherwise
        acquire for value any Indebtedness (other than the 2020 Convertible
        Notes and the 2044 Convertible Notes) other than payments of
        principal, interest or other payments on any Permitted Subordinated
        Debt to the extent permitted by the subordination provisions of the
        Subordinated Debt Documents.


        (b)    The Borrower will not, and will not permit any of its
        Restricted Subsidiaries to, make any payment (including any payment
        at maturity), exchange or redemption of the 2020 Convertible Notes
        or the 2044 Convertible Notes, unless before and after giving
        effect to any such repayment or redemption, no Default or Event of
        Default shall have occurred and be continuing.


        (c)    The Borrower will not, and will not permit any of its
        Restricted Subsidiaries to, agree to or permit any amendment,
        modification or waiver of any provision of any Indebtedness if as
        amended, modified or waived, such Indebtedness would not be
        permitted under Section 7.01.




75
------------------------------------------------------------------------


        (d)    The Borrower will not, and will not permit any of its
        Restricted Subsidiaries to, agree to or permit any amendment,
        modification or waiver of any provision of any Subordinated Debt
        Document if the effect of such amendment, modification or waiver is
        to (i) increase the yield on such Permitted Subordinated Debt or
        change (to earlier dates) the dates upon which principal and
        interest are due thereon, (ii) alter the redemption, prepayment or
        subordination provisions thereof, (iii) alter the covenants and
        events of default in a manner that would make such provisions more
        onerous or restrictive to the Borrower or any such Restricted
        Subsidiary or (iv) otherwise increase the obligations of the
        Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary in respect of such Permitted
        Subordinated Debt or confer additional rights upon the holders
        thereof which individually or in the aggregate would be adverse to
        the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries or to the
        Administrative Agent or the Lenders.    


Section 7.14.    Accounting Changes. Make any significant change in 
accounting treatment or reporting practices, except as required or 
permitted by GAAP, or change the Fiscal Year of the Borrower or of any of 
its Restricted Subsidiaries, except to change the fiscal year of a 
Restricted Subsidiary to conform its fiscal year to that of the Borrower.


Section 7.15.    Government Regulation. The Borrower will not, and will not 
permit any of its Subsidiaries to, (a) be or become subject at any time to 
any law, regulation or list of any Governmental Authority of the United 
States (including, without limitation, the OFAC list) that prohibits or 
limits the Lenders or the Administrative Agent from making any advance or 
extension of credit to the Borrower or from otherwise conducting business 
with the Loan Parties, or (b) fail to provide documentary and other 
evidence of the identity of the Loan Parties as may be requested by the 
Lenders or the Administrative Agent at any time to enable the Lenders or 
the Administrative Agent to verify the identity of the Loan Parties or to 
comply with any applicable law or regulation, including, without 
limitation, Section 326 of the Patriot Act at 31 U.S.C. Section 5318.


Section 7.16.    Ownership of Subsidiaries. Notwithstanding any other 
provisions of this Agreement to the contrary, the Borrower will not, and 
will not permit any of the Restricted Subsidiaries to permit any Person 
(other than the Borrower or any wholly owned Restricted Subsidiary) to own 
any Capital Stock of any Restricted Subsidiary, except to qualify directors 
if required by applicable Law.


      Section 7.17    Use of Proceeds.  


        (a)    Use any part of the proceeds of any Loan, whether directly
        or indirectly, for any purpose that would violate any rule or
        regulation of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System,
        including Regulations T, U or X.


        (b)    Request any Borrowing or Letter of Credit, or use or allow
        its respective directors, officers, employees and agents to use,
        the proceeds of any Borrowing or Letter of Credit (i) in
        furtherance of an offer, payment, promise to pay, or authorization
        of the payment or giving of money, or anything else of value, to
        any Person in violation of any Anti-Corruption Laws, (ii) for the
        purpose of funding, financing or facilitating any activities,
        business or transaction of or with any Sanctioned Person, or in any
        Sanctioned Country or (iii) in any manner that would result in the
        violation of any Sanctions applicable to any party.


ARTICLE VII

EVENTS OF DEFAULT



76
------------------------------------------------------------------------


Section 8.1.    Events of Default. If any of the following events (each an 
“Event of Default”) shall occur:


        (a)    any Loan Party shall fail to pay any principal of any Loan
        or of any reimbursement obligation in respect of any LC
        Disbursement when and as the same shall become due and payable,
        whether at the due date thereof or at a date fixed for prepayment
        or otherwise; or


        (b)    any Loan Party shall fail to pay any interest on any Loan or
        any fee or any other amount (other than an amount payable under
        clause (a) of this Section 8.1 or an amount related to a Bank
        Product Obligation) payable under this Agreement or any other Loan
        Document, when and as the same shall become due and payable, and
        such failure shall continue unremedied for a period of three (3)
        Business Days; or


        (c)    any representation or warranty made or deemed made by or on
        behalf of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary in or in
        connection with this Agreement or any other Loan Document
        (including the Schedules attached thereto) and any amendments or
        modifications hereof or waivers hereunder, or in any certificate,
        report, financial statement or other document submitted to the
        Administrative Agent or the Lenders by any Loan Party or any
        representative of any Loan Party pursuant to or in connection with
        this Agreement or any other Loan Document shall prove to be
        incorrect in any material respect (other than a representation or
        warranty that is expressly qualified by a Material Adverse Effect
        or materiality, in which case such representation or warranty shall
        prove to be incorrect in all respects) when made or deemed made or
        submitted; or


        (d)    any Loan Party shall fail to observe or perform any covenant
        or agreement contained in Section 5.1, 5.2, 5.3, 5.7, 5.8, 5.9 or 
        5.10 or Articles VI or VII; provided that, solely with respect to
        compliance with Section 6.3 as of the end of any Fiscal Year, if,
        in connection with the filing by a Restricted Subsidiary of a
        statutory financial statement with any Governmental Authority as
        required by Law, the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary
        discovers that such Restricted Subsidiary was not in compliance
        with Section 6.3 as of the end of such Fiscal Year, then the
        Borrower will not be in default of Section 6.3 if the Borrower
        demonstrates to the Administrative Agent’s reasonable satisfaction
        that the Borrower has cured all such violations within 5 days after
        the date on which the Borrower or such Restricted Subsidiary has
        filed its statutory financial statements with such Governmental
        Authority; or


        (e)    any Loan Party shall fail to observe or perform any covenant
        or agreement contained in this Agreement (other than those referred
        to in clauses (a), (b) and (d) above) or any other Loan Document,
        and such failure shall remain unremedied for 30 days after the
        earlier of (i) any officer of any Loan Party becomes aware of such
        failure, or (ii) notice thereof shall have been given to any Loan
        Party by the Administrative Agent or any Lender; or


        (f)    the subordination provisions of the documents evidencing or
        governing any subordinated Indebtedness shall, in whole or in part,
        terminate, cease to be effective or cease to be legally valid,
        binding and enforceable against any holder of the applicable
        subordinated Indebtedness; or


        (g)    the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary (whether as
        primary obligor or as guarantor or other surety) shall fail to pay
        any principal of, or premium or interest on, any Material
        Indebtedness that is outstanding, when and as the same shall become
        due and payable (whether at scheduled maturity, required
        prepayment, acceleration, demand or otherwise), and such failure
        shall continue after the applicable grace period, if any, specified
        in the agreement or instrument




77
------------------------------------------------------------------------


        evidencing or governing such Indebtedness; or any other event shall
        occur or condition shall exist under any agreement or instrument
        relating to such Indebtedness and shall continue after the
        applicable grace period, if any, specified in such agreement or
        instrument, if the effect of such event or condition is to
        accelerate, or permit the acceleration of, the maturity of such
        Indebtedness; or any such Indebtedness shall be declared to be due
        and payable, or required to be prepaid or redeemed (other than by a
        regularly scheduled required prepayment or redemption), purchased
        or defeased, or any offer to prepay, redeem, purchase or defease
        such Indebtedness shall be required to be made, in each case prior
        to the stated maturity thereof; or


        (h)    the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary shall (i) commence
        a voluntary case or other proceeding or file any petition seeking
        liquidation, reorganization or other relief under any federal,
        state or foreign bankruptcy, insolvency or other similar Law now or
        hereafter in effect or seeking the appointment of a custodian,
        trustee, receiver, liquidator or other similar official of it or
        any substantial part of its property, (ii) consent to the
        institution of, or fail to contest in a timely and appropriate
        manner, any proceeding or petition described in clause (i) of this 
        Section 8.1, (iii) apply for or consent to the appointment of a
        custodian, trustee, receiver, liquidator or other similar official
        for the Borrower or any such Restricted Subsidiary or for a
        substantial part of its assets, (iv) file an answer admitting the
        material allegations of a petition filed against it in any such
        proceeding, (v) make a general assignment for the benefit of
        creditors or (vi) take any action for the purpose of effecting any
        of the foregoing; or


        (i)    an involuntary proceeding shall be commenced or an
        involuntary petition shall be filed seeking (i) liquidation,
        reorganization or other relief in respect of the Borrower or any
        Restricted Subsidiary or its debts, or any substantial part of its
        assets, under any federal, state or foreign bankruptcy, insolvency
        or other similar Law now or hereafter in effect or (ii) the
        appointment of a custodian, trustee, receiver, liquidator or other
        similar official for the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary or
        for a substantial part of its assets, and in any such case, such
        proceeding or petition shall remain undismissed for a period of 60
        days or an order or decree approving or ordering any of the
        foregoing shall be entered; or


        (j)    the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary shall become
        unable to pay or shall admit in writing its inability to pay its
        debts as they become due; or


        (k)    an ERISA Event shall have occurred that, in the opinion of
        the Required Lenders, when taken together with other ERISA Events
        that have occurred, could reasonably be expected to result in
        liability to the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries in an
        aggregate amount exceeding $50,000,000; or


        (l)    any judgment or order for the payment of money in excess of
        $50,000,000, individually or in the aggregate, shall be rendered
        against the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary, and either (i)
        enforcement proceedings shall have been commenced by any creditor
        upon such judgment or order or (ii) there shall be a period of 30
        consecutive days during which a stay of enforcement of such
        judgment or order, by reason of a pending appeal or otherwise,
        shall not be in effect; or


        (m)    any non-monetary judgment or order shall be rendered against
        the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary that could reasonably be
        expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, and there shall be a
        period of 30 consecutive days during which a stay of enforcement of
        such judgment or order, by reason of a pending appeal or otherwise,
        shall not be in effect; or




78
------------------------------------------------------------------------


        (n)    a Change in Control shall occur or exist; or


        (o)    any default or event of default (after giving effect to any
        grace period) shall have occurred and be continuing under the
        Subordinated Debt Documents or any Subordinated Debt Document shall
        cease to be in full force and effect or the validity or
        enforceability thereof is disaffirmed by or on behalf of any
        subordinated lender party thereto, or any Obligations fail to
        constitute “Senior Indebtedness” for purposes of the applicable
        Subordinated Debt Document, or all or any part of the Permitted
        Subordinated Debt is accelerated, is declared to be due and payable
        is required to be prepaid or redeemed, in each case prior to the
        stated maturity thereof; or


        (p)    any Loan Document, at any time after its execution and
        delivery and for any reason other than as expressly permitted
        hereunder or thereunder or satisfaction in full of all the
        Obligations, ceases to be in full force and effect or ceases to
        give the Administrative Agent any material part of the Liens
        purported to be created thereby; or any Loan Party or any other
        Person contests in any manner the validity or enforceability of any
        Loan Document; or any Loan Party denies that it has any or further
        liability or obligation under any Loan Document, or purports to
        revoke, terminate or rescind any Loan Document;


        (q)    any HMO Event has occurred and has remain unremedied for a
        period of 60 days following the occurrence thereof (or such shorter
        period of time, if any, as the HMO Regulator shall have imposed for
        the cure of such HMO Event); or


        (r)    an Exclusion Event shall have occurred and could reasonably
        be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.


then, and in every such event (other than an event with respect to the 
Borrower described in clause (h) or (i) of this Section 8.1) and at any 
time thereafter during the continuance of such event, the Administrative 
Agent may, and upon the written request of the Required Lenders shall, by 
notice to the Borrower, take any or all of the following actions, at the 
same or different times: (i) terminate the Commitments, whereupon the 
Commitment of each Lender shall terminate immediately, (ii) declare the 
principal of and any accrued interest on the Loans, and all other 
Obligations owing hereunder, to be, whereupon the same shall become, due 
and payable immediately, without presentment, demand, protest or other 
notice of any kind, all of which are hereby waived by the Borrower, (iii) 
exercise all remedies contained in any other Loan Document, and (iv) 
exercise any other remedies available at Law or in equity; and that, if an 
Event of Default specified in either clause (h) or (i) shall occur, the 
Commitments shall automatically terminate and the principal of the Loans 
then outstanding, together with accrued interest thereon, and all fees, and 
all other Obligations shall automatically become due and payable, without 
presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind, all of which are 
hereby waived by the Borrower.


Section 8.2.    Application of Funds.    


After the exercise of remedies provided for in Section 8.1 (or immediately 
after an Event of Default specified in either clause (h) or (i) of Section 
8.1), any amounts received on account of the Obligations shall be applied 
by the Administrative Agent in the following order:


        (a)    first, to the fees and other reimbursable expenses of the
        Administrative Agent and the Issuing Bank then due and payable
        pursuant to any of the Loan Documents, until the same shall have
        been paid in full;




79
------------------------------------------------------------------------


        (b)    second, to all reimbursable expenses, if any, of the Lenders
        then due and payable pursuant to any of the Loan Documents, until
        the same shall have been paid in full;


        (c)    third, to the fees due and payable under Sections 2.14(b)
        and (c) of this Agreement and interest then due and payable under
        the terms of this Agreement, until the same shall have been paid in
        full;


        (d)    fourth, to the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the
        Revolving Loans, the LC Exposure, the Net Mark-to-Market Exposure
        (to the extent included in the Obligations) and the Bank Product
        Obligations of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, until the same
        shall have been paid in full, allocated pro rata among any Lender,
        any Lender-Related Hedge Provider and any Bank Product Provider,
        based on their respective Pro Rata Shares of the aggregate amount
        of such Revolving Loans, LC Exposure, Net Mark-to-Market Exposure
        (to the extent included in the Obligations) and Bank Product
        Obligations;


        (e)    fifth, to additional cash collateral for the aggregate
        amount of all outstanding Letters of Credit until the aggregate
        amount of all cash collateral held by the Administrative Agent
        pursuant to this Agreement is equal to 102% of the LC Exposure
        after giving effect to the foregoing clause fifth; and


        (f)    to the extent any proceeds remain, to the Borrower or other
        parties lawfully entitled thereto.


All amounts allocated to the Lenders pursuant to the foregoing clauses 
second through fourth as a result of amounts owed to the Lenders under the 
Loan Documents shall be allocated among, and distributed to, the Lenders 
pro rata based on their respective Pro Rata Shares; provided, that all 
amounts allocated to that portion of the LC Exposure comprised of the 
aggregate undrawn amount of all outstanding Letters of Credit pursuant to 
clause fourth and fifth shall be distributed to the Administrative Agent, 
rather than to the Lenders, and held by the Administrative Agent in an 
account in the name of the Administrative Agent for the benefit of the 
Issuing Bank and the Revolving Loan Lenders as cash collateral for the LC 
Exposure, such account to be administered in accordance with Section 
2.22(g).


Excluded Swap Obligations with respect to any Guarantor shall not be paid 
with amounts received from such Guarantor or its assets, but appropriate 
adjustments shall be made with respect to payments from other Loan Parties 
to preserve the allocation to Obligations otherwise set forth above in this 
Section.


Notwithstanding the foregoing, Hedging Obligations and Bank Product 
Obligations may be excluded from the application described above without 
any liability to the Administrative Agent, if the Administrative Agent has 
not received written notice, together with such supporting documentation as 
the Administrative Agent may request, from the applicable Lender-Related 
Hedge Provider or Bank Product Provider.  Each Lender-Related Hedge 
Provider and Bank Product Provider not a party to this Agreement that has 
given the notice contemplated by the preceding sentence shall, by such 
notice, be deemed to have acknowledged and accepted the appointment of the 
Administrative Agent pursuant to the terms of Article IX for itself and its 
Affiliates as if a “Lender” party hereto.


ARTICLE IX

THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT



80
------------------------------------------------------------------------


Section 9.1.    Appointment of Administrative Agent.


        (a)    Each Lender irrevocably appoints SunTrust Bank as the
        Administrative Agent and authorizes it to take such actions on its
        behalf and to exercise such powers as are delegated to the
        Administrative Agent under this Agreement and the other Loan
        Documents, together with all such actions and powers that are
        reasonably incidental thereto. The Administrative Agent may perform
        any of its duties hereunder or under the other Loan Documents by or
        through any one or more sub-agents or attorneys-in-fact appointed
        by the Administrative Agent. The Administrative Agent and any such
        sub-agent or attorney-in-fact may perform any and all of its duties
        and exercise its rights and powers through their respective Related
        Parties. The exculpatory provisions set forth in this Article shall
        apply to any such sub-agent, attorney-in-fact or Related Party and
        shall apply to their respective activities in connection with the
        syndication of the credit facilities provided for herein as well as
        activities as the Administrative Agent.


        (b)    The Issuing Bank shall act on behalf of the Lenders with
        respect to any Letters of Credit issued by it and the documents
        associated therewith until such time and except for so long as the
        Administrative Agent may agree at the request of the Required
        Lenders to act for the Issuing Bank with respect thereto; provided
        that the Issuing Bank shall have all the benefits and immunities
        (i) provided to the Administrative Agent in this Article with
        respect to any acts taken or omissions suffered by the Issuing Bank
        in connection with Letters of Credit issued by it or proposed to be
        issued by it and the application and agreements for letters of
        credit pertaining to the Letters of Credit as fully as if the term
        “Administrative Agent” as used in this Article included the Issuing
        Bank with respect to such acts or omissions and (ii) as
        additionally provided in this Agreement with respect to the Issuing
        Bank.


Section 9.2.    Nature of Duties of Administrative Agent. The 
Administrative Agent shall not have any duties or obligations except those 
expressly set forth in this Agreement and the other Loan Documents. Without 
limiting the generality of the foregoing, (a) the Administrative Agent 
shall not be subject to any fiduciary or other implied duties, regardless 
of whether a Default or an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, 
(b) the Administrative Agent shall not have any duty to take any 
discretionary action or exercise any discretionary powers, except those 
discretionary rights and powers expressly contemplated by the Loan 
Documents that the Administrative Agent is required to exercise in writing 
by the Required Lenders (or such other number or percentage of the Lenders 
as shall be necessary under the circumstances as provided in Section 11.2
), provided that the Administrative Agent shall not be required to take any 
action that, in its opinion or the opinion of its counsel, may expose the 
Administrative Agent to liability or that is contrary to any Loan Document 
or applicable law, including for the avoidance of doubt any action that may 
be in violation of the automatic stay under any Debtor Relief Law or that 
may effect a forfeiture, modification or termination of property of a 
Defaulting Lender in violation of any Debtor Relief Law, and (c) except as 
expressly set forth in the Loan Documents, the Administrative Agent shall 
not have any duty to disclose, and shall not be liable for the failure to 
disclose, any information relating to the Borrower or any of its 
Subsidiaries that is communicated to or obtained by the Administrative 
Agent or any of its Affiliates in any capacity. The Administrative Agent 
shall not be liable for any action taken or not taken by it, its sub-agents 
or its attorneys-in-fact with the consent or at the request of the Required 
Lenders (or such other number or percentage of the Lenders as shall be 
necessary under the circumstances as provided in Section 11.2) or in the 
absence of its own gross negligence or willful misconduct. The 
Administrative Agent shall not be responsible for the negligence or 
misconduct of any sub-agents or attorneys-in-fact selected by it with 
reasonable care. The




81
------------------------------------------------------------------------


Administrative Agent shall not be deemed to have knowledge of any Default 
or Event of Default unless and until written notice thereof (which notice 
shall include an express reference to such event being a “Default” or 
“Event of Default” hereunder) is given to the Administrative Agent by the 
Borrower or any Lender, and the Administrative Agent shall not be 
responsible for or have any duty to ascertain or inquire into (i) any 
statement, warranty or representation made in or in connection with any 
Loan Document, (ii) the contents of any certificate, report or other 
document delivered hereunder or thereunder or in connection herewith or 
therewith, (iii) the performance or observance of any of the covenants, 
agreements, or other terms and conditions set forth in any Loan Document, 
(iv) the validity, enforceability, effectiveness or genuineness of any Loan 
Document or any other agreement, instrument or document, or (v) the 
satisfaction of any condition set forth in Article III or elsewhere in any 
Loan Document, other than to confirm receipt of items expressly required to 
be delivered to the Administrative Agent. The Administrative Agent may 
consult with legal counsel (including counsel for the Borrower) concerning 
all matters pertaining to such duties.


Section 9.3.    Lack of Reliance on the Administrative Agent. Each of the 
Lenders, the Swingline Lender and the Issuing Bank acknowledges that it 
has, independently and without reliance upon the Administrative Agent, the 
Issuing Bank or any other Lender and based on such documents and 
information as it has deemed appropriate, made its own credit analysis and 
decision to enter into this Agreement. Each of the Lenders, the Swingline 
Lender and the Issuing Bank also acknowledges that it will, independently 
and without reliance upon the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Bank or any 
other Lender and based on such documents and information as it has deemed 
appropriate, continue to make its own decisions in taking or not taking any 
action under or based on this Agreement, any related agreement or any 
document furnished hereunder or thereunder.


Section 9.4.    Certain Rights of the Administrative Agent. If the 
Administrative Agent shall request instructions from the Required Lenders 
with respect to any action or actions (including the failure to act) in 
connection with this Agreement, the Administrative Agent shall be entitled 
to refrain from such act or taking such act unless and until it shall have 
received instructions from such Lenders, and the Administrative Agent shall 
not incur liability to any Person by reason of so refraining. Without 
limiting the foregoing, no Lender shall have any right of action whatsoever 
against the Administrative Agent as a result of the Administrative Agent 
acting or refraining from acting hereunder in accordance with the 
instructions of the Required Lenders where required by the terms of this 
Agreement.


Section 9.5.    Reliance by Administrative Agent. The Administrative Agent 
shall be entitled to rely upon, and shall not incur any liability for 
relying upon, any notice, request, certificate, consent, statement, 
instrument, document or other writing (including any electronic message, 
posting or other distribution) believed by it to be genuine and to have 
been signed, sent or made by the proper Person. The Administrative Agent 
may also rely upon any statement made to it orally or by telephone and 
believed by it to be made by the proper Person and shall not incur any 
liability for relying thereon. The Administrative Agent may consult with 
legal counsel (including counsel for the Borrower), independent public 
accountants and other experts selected by it and shall not be liable for 
any action taken or not taken by it in accordance with the advice of such 
counsel, accountants or experts.


Section 9.6.    The Administrative Agent in its Individual Capacity. The 
bank serving as the Administrative Agent shall have the same rights and 
powers under this Agreement and any other Loan Document in its capacity as 
a Lender as any other Lender and may exercise or refrain from exercising 
the same as though it were not the Administrative Agent; and the terms 
“Lenders”, “Required Lenders”, or any similar terms shall, unless the 
context clearly otherwise indicates, include the Administrative Agent in 
its




82
------------------------------------------------------------------------


individual capacity. The bank acting as the Administrative Agent and its 
Affiliates may accept deposits from, lend money to, and generally engage in 
any kind of business with the Borrower or any Subsidiary or Affiliate of 
the Borrower as if it were not the Administrative Agent hereunder.


Section 9.7.    Successor Administrative Agent    .


        (a)    The Administrative Agent may resign at any time by giving
        notice thereof to the Lenders and the Borrower. Upon any such
        resignation, the Required Lenders shall have the right to appoint a
        successor Administrative Agent, subject to approval by the Borrower
        provided that no Default or Event of Default shall exist at such
        time. If no successor Administrative Agent shall have been so
        appointed, and shall have accepted such appointment within 30 days
        after the retiring Administrative Agent gives notice of
        resignation, then the retiring Administrative Agent may, on behalf
        of the Lenders, appoint a successor Administrative Agent which
        shall be a commercial bank organized under the laws of the United
        States or any state thereof or a bank which maintains an office in
        the United States.


        (b)    Upon the acceptance of its appointment as the Administrative
        Agent hereunder by a successor, such successor Administrative Agent
        shall thereupon succeed to and become vested with all the rights,
        powers, privileges and duties of the retiring Administrative Agent,
        and the retiring Administrative Agent shall be discharged from its
        duties and obligations under this Agreement and the other Loan
        Documents. If, within 45 days after written notice is given of the
        retiring Administrative Agent’s resignation under this Section, no
        successor Administrative Agent shall have been appointed and shall
        have accepted such appointment, then on such 45th day (i) the
        retiring Administrative Agent’s resignation shall become effective,
        (ii) the retiring Administrative Agent shall thereupon be
        discharged from its duties and obligations under the Loan Documents
        and (iii) the Required Lenders shall thereafter perform all duties
        of the retiring Administrative Agent under the Loan Documents until
        such time as the Required Lenders appoint a successor
        Administrative Agent as provided above. After any retiring
        Administrative Agent’s resignation hereunder, the provisions of
        this Article shall continue in effect for the benefit of such
        retiring Administrative Agent and its representatives and agents in
        respect of any actions taken or not taken by any of them while it
        was serving as the Administrative Agent.


        (c)    In addition to the foregoing, if a Lender becomes, and
        during the period it remains, a Defaulting Lender, and if any
        Default has arisen from a failure of the Borrower to comply with 
        Section 2.26(b), then the Issuing Bank and the Swingline Lender
        may, upon prior written notice to the Borrower and the
        Administrative Agent, resign as Issuing Bank or as Swingline
        Lender, as the case may be, effective at the close of business
        Atlanta, Georgia time on a date specified in such notice (which
        date may not be less than five (5) Business Days after the date of
        such notice).


Section 9.8.    Withholding Tax. To the extent required by any applicable 
law, the Administrative Agent may withhold from any interest payment to any 
Lender an amount equivalent to any applicable withholding tax. If the 
Internal Revenue Service or any authority of the United States or any other 
jurisdiction asserts a claim that the Administrative Agent did not properly 
withhold tax from amounts paid to or for the account of any Lender (because 
the appropriate form was not delivered or was not properly executed, or 
because such Lender failed to notify the Administrative Agent of a change 
in circumstances that rendered the exemption from, or reduction of, 
withholding tax ineffective, or for any other reason), such Lender shall 
indemnify the Administrative Agent (to the extent that the Administrative 
Agent has not already been reimbursed by the Borrower and without limiting 
the obligation of the Borrower to do so) fully for all amounts paid, 
directly or indirectly, by the Administrative Agent as tax or otherwise, 
including penalties and interest,




83
------------------------------------------------------------------------


together with all expenses incurred, including legal expenses, allocated 
staff costs and any out of pocket expenses.


Section 9.9.    Administrative Agent May File Proofs of Claim.


        (a)    In case of the pendency of any receivership, insolvency,
        liquidation, bankruptcy, reorganization, arrangement, adjustment,
        composition or other judicial proceeding relative to any Loan
        Party, the Administrative Agent (irrespective of whether the
        principal of any Loan or any Revolving Credit Exposure shall then
        be due and payable as herein expressed or by declaration or
        otherwise and irrespective of whether the Administrative Agent
        shall have made any demand on the Borrower) shall be entitled and
        empowered, by intervention in such proceeding or otherwise:


            (i)    to file and prove a claim for the whole amount of the
            principal and interest owing and unpaid in respect of the Loans
            or Revolving Credit Exposure and all other Obligations that are
            owing and unpaid and to file such other documents as may be
            necessary or advisable in order to have the claims of the
            Lenders, the Issuing Bank and the Administrative Agent
            (including any claim for the reasonable compensation, expenses,
            disbursements and advances of the Lenders, the Issuing Bank and
            the Administrative Agent and its agents and counsel and all
            other amounts due the Lenders, the Issuing Bank and the
            Administrative Agent under Section 10.3) allowed in such
            judicial proceeding; and


            (ii)    to collect and receive any monies or other property
            payable or deliverable on any such claims and to distribute the
            same;


        (b)    Any custodian, receiver, assignee, trustee, liquidator,
        sequestrator or other similar official in any such judicial
        proceeding is hereby authorized by each Lender and the Issuing Bank
        to make such payments to the Administrative Agent and, if the
        Administrative Agent shall consent to the making of such payments
        directly to the Lenders and the Issuing Bank, to pay to the
        Administrative Agent any amount due for the reasonable
        compensation, expenses, disbursements and advances of the
        Administrative Agent and its agents and counsel, and any other
        amounts due the Administrative Agent under Section 11.3.


Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to authorize the Administrative 
Agent to authorize or consent to or accept or adopt on behalf of any Lender 
or the Issuing Bank any plan of reorganization, arrangement, adjustment or 
composition affecting the Obligations or the rights of any Lender or to 
authorize the Administrative Agent to vote in respect of the claim of any 
Lender in any such proceeding.


Section 9.10.    Authorization to Execute Other Loan Documents. Each Lender 
hereby authorizes the Administrative Agent to execute on behalf of all 
Lenders all Loan Documents (including, without limitation, any 
subordination agreements) other than this Agreement.


Section 9.11.    Guaranty Matters. The Lenders irrevocably authorize the 
Administrative Agent, at its option and in its discretion to release any 
Loan Party from its obligations under the applicable Loan Documents if such 
Person ceases to be a Restricted Subsidiary as a result of a transaction 
permitted hereunder. Upon request by the Administrative Agent at any time, 
the Required Lenders will confirm in writing the Administrative Agent’s 
authority to release any Loan Party from its obligations under the 
applicable Loan Documents pursuant to this Section. In each case as 
specified in this Section, the Administrative Agent is authorized, at the 
Borrower’s expense, to execute and deliver to the applicable Loan Party 
such documents as such Loan Party may reasonably request to release such 
Loan Party from its obligations under the applicable Loan Documents, in 
accordance with the terms of the Loan Documents and this Section.




84
------------------------------------------------------------------------


Section 9.12.    Documentation Agent; Syndication Agent. Each party hereto 
hereby agrees that any Person designated as a Documentation Agent, 
Syndication Agent, Arranger or Bookrunner shall have no duties or 
obligations under any Loan Documents to any Lender or any Loan Party, 
except in its capacity, as applicable, as the Administrative Agent, a 
Lender, the Swingline Lender or the Issuing Bank.


Section 9.13.    Right to Enforce Guarantee. Anything contained in any of 
the Loan Documents to the contrary notwithstanding, the Borrower, the 
Administrative Agent and each Lender hereby agree that no Lender shall have 
any right individually to enforce the Guaranty, it being understood and 
agreed that all powers, rights and remedies hereunder may be exercised 
solely by the Administrative Agent.


Section 9.14.    Hedging Obligations and Bank Product Obligations. No Bank 
Product Provider or Lender-Related Hedge Provider that obtains the benefits 
of Section 8.2 by virtue of the provisions hereof or of any other Loan 
Document shall have any right to notice of any action or to consent to, 
direct or object to any action hereunder or under any other Loan Document 
other than in its capacity as a Lender and, in such case, only to the 
extent expressly provided in the Loan Documents. Notwithstanding any other 
provision of this Article to the contrary, the Administrative Agent shall 
not be required to verify the payment of, or that other satisfactory 
arrangements have been made with respect to, Bank Product Obligations and 
Hedging Obligations unless the Administrative Agent has received written 
notice of such Obligations, together with such supporting documentation as 
the Administrative Agent may request, from the applicable Bank Product 
Provider or Lender-Related Hedge Provider, as the case may be.


ARTICLE X

THE GUARANTY

Section 10.1.    The Guaranty. Each of the Guarantors hereby jointly and 
severally guarantees to the Administrative Agent, each Lender, each 
Affiliate of a Lender that enters into Bank Products or a Hedging 
Transaction with the Borrower or any Subsidiary, and each other holder of 
the Obligations as hereinafter provided, as primary obligor and not as 
surety, the prompt payment of the Obligations in full when due (whether at 
stated maturity, as a mandatory prepayment, by acceleration, as a mandatory 
cash collateralization or otherwise) strictly in accordance with the terms 
thereof. The Guarantors hereby further agree that if any of the Obligations 
is not paid in full when due (whether at stated maturity, as a mandatory 
prepayment, by acceleration, as a mandatory cash collateralization or 
otherwise), the Guarantors will, jointly and severally, promptly pay the 
same, without any demand or notice whatsoever, and that in the case of any 
extension of time of payment or renewal of any of the Obligations, the same 
will be promptly paid in full when due (whether at extended maturity, as a 
mandatory prepayment, by acceleration, as a mandatory cash 
collateralization or otherwise) in accordance with the terms of such 
extension or renewal.


Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary contained herein or in any 
other of the Loan Documents or the other documents relating to the 
Obligations, the obligations of each Guarantor under this Agreement and the 
other Loan Documents shall not exceed an aggregate amount equal to the 
largest amount that would not render such obligations subject to avoidance 
under applicable Debtor Relief Laws.


Section 10.2.    Obligations Unconditional. The obligations of the 
Guarantors under Section 10.1 are joint and several, absolute and 
unconditional, irrespective of the value, genuineness, validity, regularity 
or enforceability of any of the Loan Documents or other documents relating 
to the Obligations, or any substitution, release, impairment or exchange of 
any other guarantee of or security for any of the Obligations, and, to the 
fullest extent permitted by applicable Law, irrespective of any other 
circumstance whatsoever which might otherwise constitute a legal or 
equitable discharge or defense of a surety or guarantor, it being




85
------------------------------------------------------------------------


the intent of this Section 10.2 that the obligations of the Guarantors 
hereunder shall be absolute and unconditional under any and all 
circumstances. Each Guarantor agrees that such Guarantor shall have no 
right of subrogation, indemnity, reimbursement or contribution against the 
Borrower or any other Guarantor for amounts paid under this Article X until 
such time as the Obligations have been paid in full and the Commitments 
have expired or terminated. Without limiting the generality of the 
foregoing, it is agreed that, to the fullest extent permitted by Law, the 
occurrence of any one or more of the following shall not alter or impair 
the liability of any Guarantor hereunder, which shall remain absolute and 
unconditional as described above:


        (a)    at any time or from time to time, without notice to any
        Guarantor, the time for any performance of or compliance with any
        of the Obligations shall be extended, or such performance or
        compliance shall be waived;


        (b)    any of the acts mentioned in any of the provisions of any of
        the Loan Documents or any other document relating to the
        Obligations shall be done or omitted;


        (c)    the maturity of any of the Obligations shall be accelerated,
        or any of the Obligations shall be modified, supplemented or
        amended in any respect, or any right under any of the Loan
        Documents or any other document relating to the Obligations shall
        be waived or any other guarantee of any of the Obligations or any
        security therefor shall be released, impaired or exchanged in whole
        or in part or otherwise dealt with;


        (d)    any Lien granted to, or in favor of, the Administrative
        Agent or any other holder of the Obligations as security for any of
        the Obligations shall fail to attach or be perfected; or


        (e)    any of the Obligations shall be determined to be void or
        voidable (including for the benefit of any creditor of any
        Guarantor) or shall be subordinated to the claims of any Person
        (including any creditor of any Guarantor).


With respect to its obligations hereunder, each Guarantor hereby expressly 
waives diligence, presentment, demand of payment, protest and all notices 
whatsoever and any requirement that the Administrative Agent or any other 
holder of the Obligations exhaust any right, power or remedy or proceed 
against any Person under any of the Loan Documents or any other document 
relating to the Obligations or against any other Person under any other 
guarantee of, or security for, any of the Obligations.


Section 10.3.    Reinstatement. The obligations of each Guarantor under 
this Article X shall be automatically reinstated if and to the extent that 
for any reason any payment by or on behalf of any Person in respect of the 
Obligations is rescinded or must be otherwise restored by any holder of any 
of the Obligations, whether as a result of any Debtor Relief Law or 
otherwise, and each Guarantor agrees that it will indemnify the 
Administrative Agent and each other holder of the Obligations on demand for 
all reasonable costs and expenses (including the fees, charges and 
disbursements of counsel) incurred by the Administrative Agent or such 
holder of the Obligations in connection with such rescission or 
restoration, including any such costs and expenses incurred in defending 
against any claim alleging that such payment constituted a preference, 
fraudulent transfer or similar payment under any Debtor Relief Law.


Section 10.4.    Certain Additional Waivers. Each Guarantor agrees that 
such Guarantor shall have no right of recourse to security for the 
Obligations, except through the exercise of rights of subrogation pursuant 
to Section 10.2 and through the exercise of rights of contribution pursuant 
to Section 10.6.




86
------------------------------------------------------------------------


Section 10.5.    Remedies. The Guarantors agree that, to the fullest extent 
permitted by Law, as between the Guarantors, on the one hand, and the 
Administrative Agent and the other holders of the Obligations, on the other 
hand, the Obligations may be declared to be forthwith due and payable as 
specified in Section 9.02 (and shall be deemed to have become automatically 
due and payable in the circumstances specified in Section 9.02) for 
purposes of Section 10.1 notwithstanding any stay, injunction or other 
prohibition preventing such declaration (or preventing the Obligations from 
becoming automatically due and payable) as against any other Person and 
that, in the event of such declaration (or the Obligations being deemed to 
have become automatically due and payable), the Obligations (whether or not 
due and payable by any other Person) shall forthwith become due and payable 
by the Guarantors for purposes of Section 10.1.


Section 10.6.    Rights of Contribution. The Guarantors agree among 
themselves that, in connection with payments made hereunder, each Guarantor 
shall have contribution rights against the other Guarantors as permitted 
under applicable Law. Such contribution rights shall be subordinate and 
subject in right of payment to the obligations of such Guarantors under the 
Loan Documents and no Guarantor shall exercise such rights of contribution 
until the Obligations have been paid in full and the Commitments have 
terminated.


Section 10.7.    Guarantee of Payment; Continuing Guarantee. The guarantee 
in this Article X is a guaranty of payment and not of collection, is a 
continuing guarantee, and shall apply to the Obligations whenever arising.


Section 10.8.    Keepwell. Each Qualified ECP Guarantor hereby jointly and 
severally absolutely, unconditionally and irrevocably undertakes to provide 
such funds or other support as may be needed from time to time by each 
Specified Loan Party to honor all of such Specified Loan Party’s 
obligations under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents in respect of 
Swap Obligations (provided, however, that each Qualified ECP Guarantor 
shall only be liable under this Section 10.8 for the maximum amount of such 
liability that can be hereby incurred without rendering its obligations 
under this Section 10.8 or otherwise under this Agreement voidable under 
applicable law relating to fraudulent conveyance or fraudulent transfer, 
and not for any greater amount). The obligations of each Qualified ECP 
Guarantor under this Section 10.8 shall remain in full force and effect 
until the Obligations have been indefeasibly paid and performed in full. 
Each Qualified ECP Guarantor intends that this Section 10.8 constitute, and 
this Section 10.8 shall be deemed to constitute, a “keepwell, support, or 
other agreement” for the benefit of each Specified Loan Party for all 
purposes of Section la(18)(A)(v)(II) of the Commodity Exchange Act.


ARTICLE XI

MISCELLANEOUS

Section 11.1.    Notices.


        (a)    Written Notices. Except in the case of notices and other
        communications expressly permitted to be given by telephone, all
        notices and other communications to any party herein to be
        effective shall be in writing and shall be delivered by hand or
        overnight courier service, mailed by certified or registered mail
        or sent by telecopy, as follows:


            To any Loan Party:
Molina Healthcare, Inc.
                                      200 Oceangate, Suite 100
                                      Long Beach, CA 90802-4137
                                      Attention: Joe White, Chief
                                      Accounting Officer
                                      Facsimile: (562) 499-0612


87
------------------------------------------------------------------------


                                      Email:
                                      joseph.white@molinahealthcare.com

            To the Administrative Agent:
SunTrust Bank
303 Peachtree Street, N.E.
Atlanta, Georgia 30308
Attention: Mary Beth Coke
Facsimile: (404) 926-5173 
Email: marybeth.coke@suntrust.com
                                    With copies (for information
            purposes only) to:
SunTrust Bank 
Agency Services 
303 Peachtree Street, N.E./25th Floor 
Atlanta, Georgia 30308 
Attention: Mr. Doug Weltz 
Facsimile: (404) 495-2170 
Email:agency.services@suntrust.com
            To the Issuing Bank:
SunTrust Bank 
25 Park Place, N.E./Mail Code 3706
Atlanta, Georgia 30303 
Attention: Standby Letter of Credit Dept. 
Facsimile: (404) 588-8129
            To the Swingline Lender:
SunTrust Bank 
Agency Services 
303 Peachtree Street, N.E./25th Floor 
Atlanta, Georgia 30308 
Attention: Mr. Doug Weltz 
Facsimile: (404) 495-2170
            To any other Lender:
To the address or facsimile number, set forth in the Administrative 
Questionnaire or the Assignment and Acceptance executed by such Lender.
Any party hereto may change its address or telecopy number for notices and 
other communications hereunder by notice to the other parties hereto. All 
such notices and other communications shall be effective upon actual 
receipt by the relevant Person or, if delivered by overnight courier 
service, upon the first Business Day after the date deposited with such 
courier service for overnight (next-day) delivery or, if sent by telecopy, 
upon transmittal in legible form by facsimile machine or, if mailed, upon 
the third Business Day after the date deposited into the mail or, if 
delivered by hand, upon delivery; provided that notices delivered to the 
Administrative Agent, the Issuing Bank or the Swingline Lender shall not be 
effective until actually received by such Person at its address specified 
in this Section.


Any agreement of the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Bank and the Lenders 
herein to receive certain notices by telephone or facsimile is solely for 
the convenience and at the request of the Borrower. The Administrative 
Agent, the Issuing Bank and the Lenders shall be entitled to rely on the 
authority of any Person purporting to be a Person authorized by the 
Borrower to give such notice and the Administrative




88
------------------------------------------------------------------------


Agent, the Issuing Bank and the Lenders shall not have any liability to the 
Borrower or other Person on account of any action taken or not taken by the 
Administrative Agent, the Issuing Bank and the Lenders in reliance upon 
such telephonic or facsimile notice. The obligation of the Borrower to 
repay the Loans and all other Obligations hereunder shall not be affected 
in any way or to any extent by any failure of the Administrative Agent, the 
Issuing Bank and the Lenders to receive written confirmation of any 
telephonic or facsimile notice or the receipt by the Administrative Agent, 
the Issuing Bank and the Lenders of a confirmation which is at variance 
with the terms understood by the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Bank and 
the Lenders to be contained in any such telephonic or facsimile notice.


        (b)    Electronic Communications.


            (i)    Notices and other communications to the Lenders and the
            Issuing Bank hereunder may be delivered or furnished by
            electronic communication (including e‑mail and Internet or
            intranet websites) pursuant to procedures approved by
            Administrative Agent, provided that the foregoing shall not
            apply to notices to any Lender or the Issuing Bank pursuant to 
            Article II unless such Lender, the Issuing Bank, as applicable,
            and Administrative Agent have agreed to receive notices under
            such Section by electronic communication and have agreed to the
            procedures governing such communications. Administrative Agent
            or Borrower may, in its discretion, agree to accept notices and
            other communications to it hereunder by electronic
            communications pursuant to procedures approved by it; provided
            that approval of such procedures may be limited to particular
            notices or communications.


            (ii)    Unless Administrative Agent otherwise prescribes, (A)
            notices and other communications sent to an e-mail address
            shall be deemed received upon the sender’s receipt of an
            acknowledgement from the intended recipient (such as by the
            “return receipt requested” function, as available, return
            e-mail or other written acknowledgement); provided that if such
            notice or other communication is not sent during the normal
            business hours of the recipient, such notice or communication
            shall be deemed to have been sent at the opening of business on
            the next Business Day for the recipient, and (B) notices or
            communications posted to an Internet or intranet website shall
            be deemed received upon the deemed receipt by the intended
            recipient at its e-mail address as described in the foregoing
            clause (C) of notification that such notice or communication is
            available and identifying the website address therefor.


            (iii)    The Borrower agrees that the Administrative Agent may,
            but shall not be obligated to, make Communications (as defined
            below) available to the Issuing Bank and the other Lenders by
            posting the Communications on Debt Domain, Intralinks,
            Syndtrak, ClearPar or a substantially similar Electronic
            System.


            (iv)    Any Electronic System used by the Administrative Agent
            is provided “as is” and “as available.” The Agent Parties (as
            defined below) do not warrant the adequacy of such Electronic
            Systems and expressly disclaim liability for errors or
            omissions in the Communications. No warranty of any kind,
            express, implied or statutory, including, without limitation,
            any warranty of merchantability, fitness for a particular
            purpose, non-infringement of third-party rights or freedom from
            viruses or other code defects, is made by any Agent Party in
            connection with the Communications or any Electronic System. In
            no event shall the Administrative Agent or any of its Related
            Parties (collectively, the “Agent Parties”) have any liability
            to any Loan Party, any Lender, the Issuing Bank or any other




89
------------------------------------------------------------------------


            Person or entity for damages of any kind, including, without
            limitation, direct or indirect, special, incidental or
            consequential damages, losses or expenses (whether in tort,
            contract or otherwise) arising out of any Loan Party’s or the
            Administrative Agent’s transmission of Communications through
            an Electronic System. “Communications” means, collectively, any
            notice, demand, communication, information, document or other
            material provided by or on behalf of any Loan Party pursuant to
            any Loan Document or the transactions contemplated therein
            which is distributed by the Administrative Agent, any Lender or
            the Issuing Bank by means of electronic communications pursuant
            to this Section, including through an Electronic System.


Section 11.2.    Waiver; Amendments.


        (a)    No failure or delay by the Administrative Agent, the Issuing
        Bank or any Lender in exercising any right or power hereunder or
        any other Loan Document, and no course of dealing between any Loan
        Party and the Administrative Agent or any Lender, shall operate as
        a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise of any
        such right or power or any abandonment or discontinuance of steps
        to enforce such right or power, preclude any other or further
        exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right or power
        hereunder or thereunder. The rights and remedies of the
        Administrative Agent, the Issuing Bank and the Lenders hereunder
        and under the other Loan Documents are cumulative and are not
        exclusive of any rights or remedies provided by Law. No waiver of
        any provision of this Agreement or any other Loan Document or
        consent to any departure by any Loan Party therefrom shall in any
        event be effective unless the same shall be permitted by paragraph
        (b) of this Section 11.2, and then such waiver or consent shall be
        effective only in the specific instance and for the purpose for
        which given. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the
        making of a Loan or the issuance of a Letter of Credit shall not be
        construed as a waiver of any Default or Event of Default,
        regardless of whether the Administrative Agent, any Lender or the
        Issuing Bank may have had notice or knowledge of such Default or
        Event of Default at the time.


        (b)    No amendment or waiver of any provision of this Agreement or
        the other Loan Documents (other than the Fee Letters), nor consent
        to any departure by the Borrower therefrom, shall in any event be
        effective unless the same shall be in writing and signed by the
        Borrower and the Required Lenders or the Borrower and the
        Administrative Agent with the consent of the Required Lenders and
        then such waiver or consent shall be effective only in the specific
        instance and for the specific purpose for which given; provided,
        that


            (i)    no amendment or waiver shall:


                  (A)    increase the Commitment of any Lender without the
                  written consent of such Lender;


                  (B)    reduce the principal amount of any Loan or LC
                  Disbursement or reduce the rate of interest thereon, or
                  reduce any fees payable hereunder, without the written
                  consent of each Lender affected thereby;


                  (C)    postpone the date fixed for any payment of any
                  principal of, or interest on, any Loan or LC Disbursement
                  or interest thereon or any fees hereunder or reduce the
                  amount of, waive or excuse any such payment, or postpone
                  the




90
------------------------------------------------------------------------


                  scheduled date for the termination or reduction of any
                  Commitment, without the written consent of each Lender
                  affected thereby;


                  (D)    change Section 2.21(b) or (c) in a manner that
                  would alter the pro rata sharing of payments required
                  thereby or change the provisions of Section 8.2, without
                  the written consent of each Lender;


                  (E)    change any of the provisions of this Section 11.2
                  or the definition of “Required Lenders” or any other
                  provision hereof specifying the number or percentage of
                  Lenders which are required to waive, amend or modify any
                  rights hereunder or make any determination or grant any
                  consent hereunder, without the consent of each Lender;


                  (F)    release the Borrower without the consent of each
                  Lender, or, release all or substantially all of the
                  Guarantors or limit the liability of all or substantially
                  all of the Guarantors under any Guaranty, without the
                  written consent of each Lender; or


                  (G)    release all or substantially all collateral (if
                  any) securing any of the Obligations, without the written
                  consent of each Lender;


provided further, that no such agreement shall amend, modify or otherwise 
affect the rights, duties or obligations of the Administrative Agent, the 
Swingline Lender or the Issuing Bank without the prior written consent of 
such Person. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, (i) no 
Defaulting Lender shall have any right to approve or disapprove any 
amendment, waiver or consent hereunder, except that (x) the Commitment of 
such Lender may not be increased or extended, (y) amounts payable to such 
Lender hereunder may not be permanently reduced without the consent of such 
Lender (other than reductions in fees and interest in which such reduction 
does not disproportionately affect such Lender) and (z) any waiver, 
amendment or modification requiring the consent of all Lenders or each 
affected Lender that by its terms affects any Defaulting Lender 
disproportionately adversely relative to other affected Lenders shall 
require the consent of such Defaulting Lender; (ii) this Agreement may be 
amended and restated without the consent of any Lender (but with the 
consent of the Borrower and the Administrative Agent) if, upon giving 
effect to such amendment and restatement, such Lender shall no longer be a 
party to this Agreement (as so amended and restated), the Commitments of 
such Lender shall have terminated (but such Lender shall continue to be 
entitled to the benefits of Sections 2.18, 2.19, 2.20 and 11.3), such 
Lender shall have no other commitment or other obligation hereunder and 
shall have been paid in full all principal, interest and other amounts 
owing to it or accrued for its account under this Agreement; (iii) each 
Lender is entitled to vote as such Lender sees fit on any bankruptcy 
reorganization plan that affects the Loans, and each Lender acknowledges 
that the provisions of Section 1126(c) of the Bankruptcy Code of the United 
States supersedes the unanimous consent provisions set forth herein; and 
(iv) the Required Lenders shall determine whether or not to allow a Loan 
Party to use cash collateral in the context of a bankruptcy or insolvency 
proceeding and such determination shall be binding on all of the Lenders.


The Lenders hereby authorize the Administrative Agent to enter into, and 
the Lenders agree that this Agreement and the other Loan Documents shall be 
amended by, any agreement implementing an increase in the Aggregate 
Revolving Commitments or the establishment of an Incremental Term Loan to 
the extent the Administrative Agent and the Borrower deem necessary in 
order to increase the Aggregate Revolving Commitments or establish the 
applicable Incremental Term Loan and to effect such other changes agreed by 
the Borrower and the Persons providing such Incremental Term Loan and 
approved by the Administrative




91
------------------------------------------------------------------------


Agent; provided, however, that any such agreement shall not affect any 
change described in Section 11.2(b) without the consent of each Person 
required to consent to such change under such clause (it being agreed, 
however, that any increase in the Aggregate Revolving Commitments or 
establishment of any Incremental Term Loan will not, of itself, be deemed 
to effect any of the changes described in Section 11.2(b) and that 
modifications to the definitions of “Commitments”, “Loans” and “Required 
Lenders” or other provisions relating to voting provisions to provide the 
Persons providing the applicable Incremental Term Loan with the benefit of 
such provisions will not, by themselves, be deemed to effect any of the 
changes described in Section 11.2(b)). The Administrative Agent shall 
promptly notify each Lender as to the effectiveness of each agreement 
implementing an increase in the Aggregate Revolving Commitments or 
establishing an Incremental Term Loan.


Section 11.3.    Expenses; Indemnification.


        (a)    The Borrower shall pay (i) all reasonable, out-of-pocket
        costs and expenses of the Administrative Agent, the Arrangers and
        their Affiliates, including the reasonable fees, charges and
        disbursements of counsel for the Administrative Agent, the
        Arrangers and their Affiliates, in connection with the syndication
        of the credit facilities provided for herein, the preparation and
        administration of the Loan Documents and any amendments,
        modifications or waivers thereof (whether or not the transactions
        contemplated in this Agreement or any other Loan Document shall be
        consummated), including the reasonable fees, charges and
        disbursements of counsel for the Administrative Agent, the
        Arrangers and their Affiliates, (ii) all reasonable out-of-pocket
        expenses incurred by the Issuing Bank in connection with the
        issuance, amendment, renewal or extension of any Letter of Credit
        or any demand for payment thereunder and (iii) all out-of-pocket
        costs and expenses (including, without limitation, the reasonable
        fees, charges and disbursements of outside counsel and the
        allocated cost of inside counsel) incurred by the Administrative
        Agent, the Arrangers, the Issuing Bank or any Lender in connection
        with the enforcement or protection of its rights in connection with
        this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, including its rights
        under this Section 11.3, or in connection with the Loans made or
        any Letters of Credit issued hereunder, including all such
        out-of-pocket expenses incurred during any workout, restructuring
        or negotiations in respect of such Loans or Letters of Credit.


        (b)    The Borrower shall indemnify the Administrative Agent (and
        any sub-agent thereof), the Arrangers, each Lender and the Issuing
        Bank, and each Related Party of any of the foregoing Persons (each
        such Person being called an “Indemnitee”) against, and hold each
        Indemnitee harmless from, any and all losses, claims, damages,
        liabilities, penalties and related expenses (including the fees,
        charges and disbursements of any counsel for any Indemnitee), and
        shall indemnify and hold harmless each Indemnitee from all fees and
        time charges and disbursements for attorneys who may be employees
        of any Indemnitee, incurred by any Indemnitee or asserted against
        any Indemnitee by any third party or by the Borrower or any other
        Loan Party arising out of, in connection with, or as a result of
        (i) the execution or delivery of this Agreement, any other Loan
        Document or any agreement or instrument contemplated hereby or
        thereby, the performance by the parties hereto of their respective
        obligations hereunder or thereunder or the consummation of the
        transactions contemplated hereby or thereby, (ii) any Loan or
        Letter of Credit or the use or proposed use of the proceeds
        therefrom (including any refusal by the Issuing Bank to honor a
        demand for payment under a Letter of Credit if the documents
        presented in connection with such demand do not strictly comply
        with the terms of such Letter of Credit), (iii) any actual or
        alleged presence or Release of Hazardous Materials on or from any
        property owned or operated by the Borrower or any of its
        Subsidiaries, or any actual or alleged Environmental Liability
        related




92
------------------------------------------------------------------------


        in any way to the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, or (iv) any
        actual or prospective claim, litigation, investigation or
        proceeding relating to any of the foregoing, whether based on
        contract, tort or any other theory, whether brought by a third
        party or by the Borrower or any other Loan Party, and regardless of
        whether any Indemnitee is a party thereto, provided that such
        indemnity shall not, as to any Indemnitee, be available to the
        extent that such losses, claims, damages, liabilities, penalties or
        related expenses are determined by a court of competent
        jurisdiction by final and nonappealable judgment to have resulted
        (x) from the gross negligence or willful misconduct of such
        Indemnitee (including any Related Party of such Indemnitee) or (y)
        solely from a claim brought by the Borrower or any other Loan Party
        against an Indemnitee for breach in bad faith of such Indemnitee’s
        obligations hereunder or under any other Loan Document. This 
        Section 11.3(b) shall not apply with respect to Taxes other than
        any Taxes that represent losses, claims, damages, etc. arising from
        any non-Tax claim.


        (c)    To the extent that the Borrower fails to pay any amount
        required to be paid to the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Bank
        or the Swingline Lender under clauses (a) or (b) hereof, each
        Lender severally agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent, the
        Issuing Bank or the Swingline Lender, as the case may be, such
        Lender’s Pro Rata Share (determined as of the time that the
        unreimbursed expense or indemnity payment is sought) of such unpaid
        amount; provided, that the unreimbursed expense or indemnified
        payment, claim, damage, liability or related expense, as the case
        may be, was incurred by or asserted against the Administrative
        Agent, the Issuing Bank or the Swingline Lender in its capacity as
        such.


        (d)    To the extent permitted by applicable Law, each Loan Party
        shall not assert, and hereby waives, any claim against any
        Indemnitee, on any theory of liability, for special, indirect,
        consequential or punitive damages (as opposed to actual or direct
        damages) arising out of, in connection with or as a result of, this
        Agreement or any agreement or instrument contemplated hereby, the
        transactions contemplated therein, any Loan or any Letter of Credit
        or the use of proceeds thereof.


        (e)    All amounts due under this Section 11.3 shall be payable
        promptly after written demand therefor.


Section 11.4.    Successors and Assigns.


        (a)    The provisions of this Agreement shall be binding upon and
        inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective
        successors and assigns permitted hereby, except that the Borrower
        may not assign or otherwise transfer any of its rights or
        obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of the
        Administrative Agent and each Lender, and no Lender may assign or
        otherwise transfer any of its rights or obligations hereunder
        except (i) to an assignee in accordance with the provisions of 
        clause (b) of this Section, (ii) by way of participation in
        accordance with the provisions of clause (d) of this Section or
        (iii) by way of pledge or assignment of a security interest subject
        to the restrictions of clause (f) of this Section (and any other
        attempted assignment or transfer by any party hereto shall be null
        and void). Nothing in this Agreement, expressed or implied, shall
        be construed to confer upon any Person (other than the parties
        hereto, their respective successors and assigns permitted hereby,
        Participants to the extent provided in clause (d) of this Section
        and, to the extent expressly contemplated hereby, the Related
        Parties of each of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders) any
        legal or equitable right, remedy or claim under or by reason of
        this Agreement.




93
------------------------------------------------------------------------


        (b)    Any Lender may at any time assign to one or more assignees
        all or a portion of its rights and obligations under this Agreement
        (including all or a portion of its Commitments, Loans, and other
        Revolving Credit Exposure at the time owing to it); provided that
        any such assignment shall be subject to the following conditions:


            (i)    Minimum Amounts.


                  (A)    in the case of an assignment of the entire
                  remaining amount of the assigning Lender’s Commitments,
                  Loans and other Revolving Credit Exposure at the time
                  owing to it or in the case of an assignment to a Lender,
                  an Affiliate of a Lender or an Approved Fund, no minimum
                  amount need be assigned; and


                  (B)    in any case not described in paragraph (b)(i)(A)
                  of this Section, the aggregate amount of the Commitment
                  (which for this purpose includes Loans and Revolving
                  Credit Exposure outstanding thereunder) or, if the
                  applicable Commitment is not then in effect, the
                  principal outstanding balance of the Loans and Revolving
                  Credit Exposure of the assigning Lender subject to each
                  such assignment (determined as of the date the Assignment
                  and Acceptance with respect to such assignment is
                  delivered to the Administrative Agent or, if “Trade Date”
                  is specified in the Assignment and Acceptance, as of the
                  Trade Date) shall not be less than $5,000,000 with
                  respect to Revolving Loans and in minimum increments of
                  $1,000,000, unless each of the Administrative Agent and,
                  so long as no Event of Default has occurred and is
                  continuing, the Borrower otherwise consents (each such
                  consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed).


            (ii)    Proportionate Amounts. Each partial assignment shall be
            made as an assignment of a proportionate part of all the
            assigning Lender’s rights and obligations under this Agreement
            with respect to the Loans, other Revolving Credit Exposure or
            the Commitments assigned.


            (iii)    Required Consents. No consent shall be required for
            any assignment except to the extent required by paragraph
            (b)(i)(B) of this Section and, in addition:


                  (A)    the consent of the Borrower (such consent not to
                  be unreasonably withheld or delayed) shall be required
                  unless (x) an Event of Default has occurred and is
                  continuing at the time of such assignment or (y) such
                  assignment is to a Lender, an Affiliate of a Lender or an
                  Approved Fund;


                  (B)    the consent of the Administrative Agent (such
                  consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed) shall
                  be required for (x) assignments to a Person that is not a
                  Lender with a Commitment or an Affiliate of a Lender or
                  an Approved Fund and (y) assignments by Defaulting
                  Lenders; and


                  (C)    the consent of the Issuing Bank (such consent not
                  to be unreasonably withheld or delayed) shall be required
                  for any assignment that increases the obligation of the
                  assignee to participate in exposure under one or more
                  Letters of Credit (whether or not then outstanding), and
                  the consent of the Swingline Lender (such consent not to
                  be unreasonably withheld or delayed) shall be required
                  for any assignment in respect of the Revolving
                  Commitments.




94
------------------------------------------------------------------------


            (iv)    Assignment and Acceptance. The parties to each
            assignment shall deliver to the Administrative Agent (A) a duly
            executed Assignment and Acceptance, (B) a processing and
            recordation fee of $3,500, (C) an Administrative Questionnaire
            unless the assignee is already a Lender and (D) the documents
            required under Section 2.20 if such assignee is a Foreign
            Lender.


            (v)    No Assignment to Certain Persons. No such assignment
            shall be made to (A) the Borrower or any of the Borrower’s
            Affiliates or Subsidiaries or (B) to any Defaulting Lender or
            any of its Subsidiaries, or any Person who, upon becoming a
            Lender hereunder, would constitute any of the foregoing Persons
            described in this clause (B).


            (vi)    No Assignment to Natural Persons. No such assignment
            shall be made to a natural person.


      Subject to acceptance and recording thereof by the Administrative
      Agent pursuant to clause (c) of this Section 11.4, from and after the
      effective date specified in each Assignment and Acceptance, the
      assignee thereunder shall be a party to this Agreement and, to the
      extent of the interest assigned by such Assignment and Acceptance,
      have the rights and obligations of a Lender under this Agreement, and
      the assigning Lender thereunder shall, to the extent of the interest
      assigned by such Assignment and Acceptance, be released from its
      obligations under this Agreement (and, in the case of an Assignment
      and Acceptance covering all of the assigning Lender’s rights and
      obligations under this Agreement, such Lender shall cease to be a
      party hereto) but shall continue to be entitled to the benefits of
      Sections 2.18, 2.19, 2.20 and 11.3 with respect to facts and
      circumstances occurring prior to the effective date of such
      assignment. Any assignment or transfer by a Lender of rights or
      obligations under this Agreement that does not comply with this
      paragraph shall be treated for purposes of this Agreement as a sale
      by such Lender of a participation in such rights and obligations in
      accordance with clause (d) of this Section 11.4. If the consent of
      the Borrower to an assignment is required hereunder (including a
      consent to an assignment which does not meet the minimum assignment
      thresholds specified above), the Borrower shall be deemed to have
      given its consent five Business Days after the date notice thereof
      has actually been delivered by the assigning Lender (through the
      Administrative Agent) to the Borrower, unless such consent is
      expressly refused by the Borrower prior to such fifth Business Day.


        (c)    The Administrative Agent, acting solely for this purpose as
        an agent of the Borrower, shall maintain at one of its offices in
        Atlanta, Georgia a copy of each Assignment and Acceptance delivered
        to it and a register for the recordation of the names and addresses
        of the Lenders, and the Commitments of, and principal amounts (and
        stated interest) of the Loans and Revolving Credit Exposure owing
        to, each Lender pursuant to the terms hereof from time to time (the
        “Register”). The entries in the Register shall be conclusive absent
        manifest error, and the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and the
        Lenders shall treat each Person whose name is recorded in the
        Register pursuant to the terms hereof as a Lender hereunder for all
        purposes of this Agreement. The Register shall be available for
        inspection by the Borrower and any Lender at any reasonable time
        and from time to time upon reasonable prior notice.


        (d)    Any Lender may at any time, without the consent of, or
        notice to, the Borrower, the Administrative Agent, the Swingline
        Lender or the Issuing Bank sell participations to any Person (other
        than a natural person, the Borrower or any of the Borrower’s
        Affiliates or Subsidiaries or a Defaulting Lender) (each, a “
        Participant”) in all or a portion of such Lender’s rights and/or
        obligations under this Agreement (including all or a portion of its
        Commitment and/or the Loans




95
------------------------------------------------------------------------


        owing to it); provided that (i) such Lender’s obligations under
        this Agreement shall remain unchanged, (ii) such Lender shall
        remain solely responsible to the other parties hereto for the
        performance of such obligations and (iii) the Borrower, the
        Administrative Agent, the Lenders, the Issuing Bank and the
        Swingline Lender shall continue to deal solely and directly with
        such Lender in connection with such Lender’s rights and obligations
        under this Agreement.


        (e)    Any agreement or instrument pursuant to which a Lender sells
        such a participation shall provide that such Lender shall retain
        the sole right to enforce this Agreement and to approve any
        amendment, modification or waiver of any provision of this
        Agreement; provided that such agreement or instrument may provide
        that such Lender will not, without the consent of the Participant,
        agree to any amendment, modification or waiver with respect to the
        following to the extent affecting such Participant: (i) increase
        the Commitment of any Lender without the written consent of such
        Lender, (ii) reduce the principal amount of any Loan or LC
        Disbursement or reduce the rate of interest thereon, or reduce any
        fees payable hereunder, without the written consent of each Lender
        affected thereby, (iii) postpone the date fixed for any payment of
        any principal of, or interest on, any Loan or LC Disbursement or
        interest thereon or any fees hereunder or reduce the amount of,
        waive or excuse any such payment, or postpone the scheduled date
        for the termination or reduction of any Commitment, without the
        written consent of each Lender affected thereby, (iv) change 
        Section 2.21(b) or (c) in a manner that would alter the pro rata
        sharing of payments required thereby, without the written consent
        of each Lender, (v) change any of the provisions of this Section
        11.4 or the definition of “Required Lenders” or any other provision
        hereof specifying the number or percentage of Lenders which are
        required to waive, amend or modify any rights hereunder or make any
        determination or grant any consent hereunder, without the consent
        of each Lender, (vi) release any Guarantor or limit the liability
        of any such Guarantor under any Guaranty without the written
        consent of each Lender except to the extent such release is
        expressly provided under the terms of this Agreement or (vii)
        release all or substantially all collateral (if any) securing any
        of the Obligations. The Borrower agrees that each Participant shall
        be entitled to the benefits of Sections 2.18, 2.19, and 2.20
        (subject to the requirements and limitations therein, including the
        requirements under Section 2.20(g) (it being understood that the
        documentation required under Section 2.20(g) shall be delivered to
        the participating Lender)) to the same extent as if it were a
        Lender and had acquired its interest by assignment pursuant to
        paragraph (b) of this Section 11.4; provided that such Participant
        (A) agrees to be subject to the provisions of Sections 2.24 and 
        2.25 as if it were an assignee under paragraph (b) of this Section
        11.4; and (B) shall not be entitled to receive any greater payment
        under Sections 2.18 or 2.20, with respect to any participation,
        than its participating Lender would have been entitled to receive,
        except to the extent such entitlement to receive a greater payment
        results from a Change in Law that occurs after the Participant
        acquired the applicable participation. Each Lender that sells a
        participation agrees, at the Borrower’s request and expense, to use
        reasonable efforts to cooperate with Borrower to effectuate the
        provision of Section 2.25 with respect to any Participant. To the
        extent permitted by Law, each Participant also shall be entitled to
        the benefits of Section 11.7 as though it were a Lender, provided
        such Participant agrees to be subject to Section 2.21 as though it
        were a Lender. Each Lender that sells a participation shall, acting
        solely for this purpose as a non-fiduciary agent of the Borrower,
        maintain a register on which it enters the name and address of each
        Participant and the principal amounts (and stated interest) of each
        Participant’s interest in the Loans or other obligations under the
        Loan Documents (the “Participant Register”); provided that no
        Lender shall have any obligation to disclose all or any portion of
        the Participant Register (including the identity of any Participant
        or any information relating to a Participant’s interest in any
        commitments, loans, letters of credit or its other obligations
        under any Loan Document) to any Person except to the extent that
        such disclosure is necessary




96
------------------------------------------------------------------------


        to establish that such commitment, loan, letter of credit or other
        obligation is in registered form under Section 5f.103-1(c) of the
        United States Treasury Regulations. The entries in the Participant
        Register shall be conclusive absent manifest error, and such Lender
        shall treat each Person whose name is recorded in the Participant
        Register as the owner of such participation for all purposes of
        this Agreement notwithstanding any notice to the contrary. For the
        avoidance of doubt, the Administrative Agent (in its capacity as
        Administrative Agent) shall have no responsibility for maintaining
        a Participant Register.


        (f)    Any Lender may at any time pledge or assign a security
        interest in all or any portion of its rights under this Agreement
        to secure obligations of such Lender, including without limitation
        any pledge or assignment to secure obligations to a Federal Reserve
        Bank; provided that no such pledge or assignment shall release such
        Lender from any of its obligations hereunder or substitute any such
        pledgee or assignee for such Lender as a party hereto.


Section 11.5.    Governing Law; Jurisdiction; Consent to Service of Process
.


        (a)    This Agreement and the other Loan Documents and any claims,
        controversy, dispute or cause of action (whether in contract or
        tort or otherwise) based upon, arising out of or relating to this
        Agreement or any other Loan Document (except, as to any other Loan
        Document, as expressly set forth therein) and the transactions
        contemplated hereby and thereby shall be construed in accordance
        with and be governed by the Law (without giving effect to the
        conflict of law principles thereof) of the State of New York.


        (b)    Each Loan Party hereby irrevocably and unconditionally
        submits, for itself and its property, to the exclusive 
        jurisdiction of the United States District Court of the Southern
        District of New York, and of the Supreme Court of the State of New
        York sitting in New York County and any appellate court from any
        thereof, in any action or proceeding arising out of or relating to
        this Agreement or any other Loan Document or the transactions
        contemplated hereby or thereby, or for recognition or enforcement
        of any judgment, and each of the parties hereto hereby irrevocably
        and unconditionally agrees that all claims in respect of any such
        action or proceeding may be heard and determined in such District
        Court or New York state court or, to the extent permitted by
        applicable Law, such Federal court. Each of the parties hereto
        agrees that a final judgment in any such action or proceeding shall
        be conclusive and may be enforced in other jurisdictions by suit on
        the judgment or in any other manner provided by Law. Nothing in
        this Agreement or any other Loan Document shall affect any right
        that the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Bank or any Lender may
        otherwise have to bring any action or proceeding relating to this
        Agreement or any other Loan Document against any Loan Party or its
        properties in the courts of any jurisdiction.


        (c)    Each Loan Party irrevocably and unconditionally waives any
        objection which it may now or hereafter have to the laying of venue
        of any such suit, action or proceeding described in paragraph (b)
        of this Section 11.5 and brought in any court referred to in
        paragraph (b) of this Section 11.5. Each of the parties hereto
        irrevocably waives, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable
        Law, the defense of an inconvenient forum to the maintenance of
        such action or proceeding in any such court.


        (d)    Each party to this Agreement irrevocably consents to the
        service of process in the manner provided for notices in Section
        11.1. Nothing in this Agreement or in any other Loan Document will
        affect the right of any party hereto to serve process in any other
        manner permitted by Law.




97
------------------------------------------------------------------------


Section 11.6.    WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL. EACH PARTY HERETO IRREVOCABLY 
WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY RIGHT IT MAY 
HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY 
ARISING OUT OF THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT OR THE 
TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY OR THEREBY (WHETHER BASED ON CONTRACT, 
TORT OR ANY OTHER THEORY). EACH PARTY HERETO (A) CERTIFIES THAT NO 
REPRESENTATIVE, AGENT OR ATTORNEY OF ANY OTHER PARTY HAS REPRESENTED, 
EXPRESSLY OR OTHERWISE, THAT SUCH OTHER PARTY WOULD NOT, IN THE EVENT OF 
LITIGATION, SEEK TO ENFORCE THE FOREGOING WAIVER, AND (B) ACKNOWLEDGES THAT 
IT AND THE OTHER PARTIES HERETO HAVE BEEN INDUCED TO ENTER INTO THIS 
AGREEMENT AND THE OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS BY, AMONG OTHER THINGS, THE MUTUAL 
WAIVERS AND CERTIFICATIONS IN THIS SECTION.


Section 11.7.    Right of Setoff. In addition to any rights now or 
hereafter granted under applicable Law and not by way of limitation of any 
such rights, each Lender and the Issuing Bank shall have the right, at any 
time or from time to time upon the occurrence and during the continuance of 
an Event of Default, without prior notice to the Borrower, any such notice 
being expressly waived by the Borrower to the extent permitted by 
applicable Law, to set off and apply against all deposits (general or 
special, time or demand, provisional or final) of the Borrower at any time 
held or other obligations at any time owing by such Lender and the Issuing 
Bank to or for the credit or the account of the Borrower against any and 
all Obligations held by such Lender or the Issuing Bank, as the case may 
be, irrespective of whether such Lender or the Issuing Bank shall have made 
demand hereunder and although such Obligations may be unmatured. Each 
Lender and the Issuing Bank agree promptly to notify the Administrative 
Agent and the Borrower after any such set-off and any application made by 
such Lender and the Issuing Bank, as the case may be; provided, that the 
failure to give such notice shall not affect the validity of such set-off 
and application. Each Lender and the Issuing Bank agrees to apply all 
amounts collected from any such set-off to the Obligations before applying 
such amounts to any other Indebtedness or other obligations owed by the 
Borrower and any of its Subsidiaries to such Lender or Issuing Bank. 
Notwithstanding the provisions of this Section 11.7, if at any time any 
Lender, the Issuing Bank or any of their respective Affiliates maintains 
one or more deposit accounts for the Borrower or any other Loan Party into 
which Medicare and/or Medicaid receivables are deposited, such Person shall 
waive the right of setoff set forth herein.


Section 11.8.    Counterparts; Integration. This Agreement may be executed 
by one or more of the parties to this Agreement on any number of separate 
counterparts (including by telecopy), and all of said counterparts taken 
together shall be deemed to constitute one and the same instrument. This 
Agreement, the Fee Letters, the other Loan Documents, and any separate 
letter agreement(s) relating to any fees payable to the Administrative 
Agent and its Affiliates constitute the entire agreement among the parties 
hereto and thereto and their affiliates regarding the subject matters 
hereof and thereof and supersede all prior agreements and understandings, 
oral or written, regarding such subject matters. Delivery of an executed 
counterpart of a signature page of this Agreement and any other Loan 
Document by facsimile transmission or by any other electronic imaging means 
(including .pdf), shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed 
counterpart of this Agreement or such other Loan Document.


Section 11.9.    Survival. All covenants, agreements, representations and 
warranties made by any Loan Party herein, in the Loan Documents and in the 
certificates or other instruments delivered in connection with or pursuant 
to this Agreement shall be considered to have been relied upon by the other 
parties hereto and shall survive the execution and delivery of this 
Agreement and the making of any Loans and issuance of any Letters of 
Credit, regardless of any investigation made by any such other party or on 
its behalf and notwithstanding that the Administrative Agent, the Issuing 
Bank or any Lender may have had notice or knowledge of any Default or Event 
of Default or incorrect representation or warranty at the time any credit




98
------------------------------------------------------------------------


is extended hereunder, and shall continue in full force and effect as long 
as the principal of or any accrued interest on any Loan or any fee or any 
other amount payable under this Agreement is outstanding and unpaid or any 
Letter of Credit is outstanding and so long as the Commitments have not 
expired or terminated. The provisions of Sections 2.18, 2.19, 2.20, and 
11.3 and Article IX shall survive and remain in full force and effect 
regardless of the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby, the 
repayment of the Loans, the expiration or termination of the Letters of 
Credit and the Commitments or the termination of this Agreement or any 
provision hereof. All representations and warranties made herein, in the 
Loan Documents, in the certificates, reports, notices, and other documents 
delivered pursuant to this Agreement shall survive the execution and 
delivery of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, and the making of 
the Loans and the issuance of the Letters of Credit.


Section 11.10.    Severability. Any provision of this Agreement or any 
other Loan Document held to be illegal, invalid or unenforceable in any 
jurisdiction, shall, as to such jurisdiction, be ineffective to the extent 
of such illegality, invalidity or unenforceability without affecting the 
legality, validity or enforceability of the remaining provisions hereof or 
thereof; and the illegality, invalidity or unenforceability of a particular 
provision in a particular jurisdiction shall not invalidate or render 
unenforceable such provision in any other jurisdiction.


Section 11.11.    Confidentiality. Each of the Administrative Agent, the 
Issuing Bank and the Lenders agrees to take normal and reasonable 
precautions to maintain the confidentiality of any information relating to 
the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries or any of their respective 
businesses, to the extent designated in writing as confidential and 
provided to it by the Borrower or any Subsidiary, other than any such 
information that is available to the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Bank 
or any Lender on a nonconfidential basis prior to disclosure by the 
Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, except that such information may be 
disclosed (i) to any Related Party of the Administrative Agent, the Issuing 
Bank or any such Lender including without limitation accountants, legal 
counsel and other advisors, (ii) to the extent required by applicable Laws 
or regulations or by any subpoena or similar legal process, (iii) to the 
extent requested by any regulatory agency or authority purporting to have 
jurisdiction over it (including any self-regulatory authority such as the 
National Association of Insurance Commissioners), (iv) to the extent that 
such information becomes publicly available other than as a result of a 
breach of this Section 11.11, or which becomes available to the 
Administrative Agent, the Issuing Bank, any Lender or any Related Party of 
any of the foregoing on a non-confidential basis from a source other than 
the Borrower, (v) in connection with the exercise of any remedy hereunder 
or under any other Loan Documents or any suit, action or proceeding 
relating to this Agreement or any other Loan Documents or the enforcement 
of rights hereunder or thereunder, (vii) subject to an agreement containing 
provisions substantially the same as those of this Section 11.11, to (A) 
any assignee of or Participant in, or any prospective assignee of or 
Participant in, any of its rights or obligations under this Agreement, or 
(B) any actual or prospective party (or its Related Parties) to any swap or 
derivative or similar transaction under which payments are to be made by 
reference to the Borrower and its obligations, this Agreement or payments 
hereunder, (viii) any rating agency, (ix) the CUSIP Service Bureau or any 
similar organization, or (x) with the consent of the Borrower. Any Person 
required to maintain the confidentiality of any information as provided for 
in this Section 11.11 shall be considered to have complied with its 
obligation to do so if such Person has exercised the same degree of care to 
maintain the confidentiality of such information as such Person would 
accord its own confidential information.


Section 11.12.    Interest Rate Limitation. Notwithstanding anything herein 
to the contrary, if at any time the interest rate applicable to any Loan, 
together with all fees, charges and other amounts which may be treated as 
interest on such Loan under applicable Law (collectively, the “Charges”), 
shall exceed the maximum lawful rate of interest (the “Maximum Rate”) which 
may be contracted for, charged, taken, received




99
------------------------------------------------------------------------


or reserved by a Lender holding such Loan in accordance with applicable 
Law, the rate of interest payable in respect of such Loan hereunder, 
together with all Charges payable in respect thereof, shall be limited to 
the Maximum Rate and, to the extent lawful, the interest and Charges that 
would have been payable in respect of such Loan but were not payable as a 
result of the operation of this Section 11.12 shall be cumulated and the 
interest and Charges payable to such Lender in respect of other Loans or 
periods shall be increased (but not above the Maximum Rate therefor) until 
such cumulated amount, together with interest thereon at the Federal Funds 
Rate to the date of repayment (to the extent permitted by applicable Law), 
shall have been received by such Lender.


Section 11.13.    Waiver of Effect of Corporate Seal. Each Loan Party 
represents and warrants to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders that 
neither it nor any other Loan Party is required to affix its corporate seal 
to this Agreement or any other Loan Document pursuant to any Law, agrees 
that this Agreement is delivered by Borrower under seal and waives any 
shortening of the statute of limitations that may result from not affixing 
the corporate seal to this Agreement or such other Loan Documents.


Section 11.14.    Patriot Act. The Administrative Agent and each Lender 
hereby notifies the Loan Parties that, pursuant to the requirements of the 
Patriot Act, it is required to obtain, verify and record information that 
identifies each Loan Party, which information includes the name and address 
of such Loan Party and other information that will allow such Lender or the 
Administrative Agent, as applicable, to identify such Loan Party in 
accordance with the Patriot Act.


Section 11.15.    No Advisory or Fiduciary Responsibility. In connection 
with all aspects of each transaction contemplated hereby (including in 
connection with any amendment, waiver or other modification hereof or of 
any other Loan Document), Borrower and each other Loan Party acknowledges 
and agrees and acknowledges its Affiliates' understanding that that:  (i) 
(A) the services regarding this Agreement  provided by the Administrative 
Agent, the Arrangers and/or the Lenders are arm’s-length commercial 
transactions between  Borrower, each other Loan Party and their respective 
Affiliates, on the one hand, and the Administrative Agent, the Arrangers 
and the Lenders, on the other hand, (B) each of Borrower and the other Loan 
Parties have consulted their own legal, accounting, regulatory and tax 
advisors to the extent they have deemed appropriate, and (C) Borrower and 
each other Loan Party is capable of evaluating and understanding, and 
understands and accepts, the terms, risks and conditions of the 
transactions contemplated hereby and  by the other Loan Documents; (ii) (A) 
each of the Administrative Agent, the Arrangers and the Lenders  is and has 
been acting solely as a principal and,  except as expressly agreed in 
writing by the relevant parties, has not been, is not, and will not be 
acting as an advisor, agent or fiduciary, for Borrower, any other Loan 
Party, or any of their respective Affiliates, or any other Person and (B) 
none of the Administrative Agent, the Arrangers and any Lender has any 
obligation to Borrower, any other Loan Party or any of their Affiliates  
with respect to the transaction contemplated hereby except those 
obligations expressly set forth herein and in the other Loan Documents; and 
(iii)  the Administrative Agent, the Arrangers, the Lenders and their 
respective Affiliates may be engaged in a broad range of transactions that 
involve interests that differ from those of Borrower, the other Loan 
Parties and their respective Affiliates, and each of the Administrative 
Agent, the Arrangers and the Lenders has no obligation to disclose any of 
such interests to  Borrower, any other Loan Party of any of their 
respective Affiliates.  To the fullest extent permitted by Law, each of 
Borrower and the other Loan Parties hereby waive and release any claims 
that it may have against the Administrative Agent, the Arrangers and each 
Lender with respect to any breach or alleged breach of agency or fiduciary 
duty in connection with any aspect of any transaction contemplated hereby.


Section 11.16.    Electronic Execution of Assignments and Certain Other 
Documents.  The words “execution,” “signed,” “signature,” and words of like 
import in any Assignment and Acceptance or in any amendment or other 
modification hereof (including waivers and consents) shall be deemed to 
include




100
------------------------------------------------------------------------


electronic signatures or the keeping of records in electronic form, each of 
which shall be of the same legal effect, validity or enforceability as a 
manually executed signature or the use of a paper-based recordkeeping 
system, as the case may be, to the extent and as provided for in any 
applicable Law, including the Federal Electronic Signatures in Global and 
National Commerce Act, the New York State Electronic Signatures and Records 
Act, or any other similar state laws based on the Uniform Electronic 
Transactions Act.


Section 11.17    Acknowledgement and Consent to Bail-In of EEA Financial 
Institutions.  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in any Loan 
Document or in any other agreement, arrangement or understanding among any 
such parties, each party hereto acknowledges that any liability of any 
Lender that is an EEA Financial Institution arising under any Loan 
Document, to the extent such liability is unsecured, may be subject to the 
Write-Down and Conversion Powers of an EEA Resolution Authority and agrees 
and consents to, and acknowledges and agrees to be bound by (a) the 
application of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by an EEA Resolution 
Authority to any such liabilities arising hereunder which may be payable to 
it by any Lender that is an EEA Financial Institution; and (b) the effects 
of any Bail-In Action on any such liability, including, if applicable: (i) 
a reduction in full or in part or cancellation of any such liability; (ii) 
a conversion of all, or a portion of, such liability into shares or other 
instruments of ownership in such EEA Financial Institution, its parent 
undertaking, or a bridge institution that may be issued to it or otherwise 
conferred on it, and that such shares or other instruments of ownership 
will be accepted by it in lieu of any rights with respect to any such 
liability under this Agreement or any other Loan Document; or (iii) the 
variation of the terms of such liability in connection with the exercise of 
the Write-Down and Conversion Powers of any EEA Resolution Authority.


[END]







101
------------------------------------------------------------------------


Exhibit B

Guarantors to be released


AmericanWork, Inc., a Delaware corporation
Camelot Care Centers, Inc., an Illinois corporation
Children’s Behavioral Health, Inc., a Pennsylvania corporation
College Community Services, a California corporation
Family Preservation Services of Florida, Inc., a Florida corporation
Family Preservation Services of North Carolina, Inc., a North Carolina 
corporation
Family Preservation Services, Inc., a Virginia corporation
Molina Medical Management, Inc., a California corporation
Pathways Community Services LLC, a Delaware limited liability company
Pathways Community Services LLC, a Pennsylvania limited liability company
Pathways of Arizona, Inc., an Arizona corporation
Pathways of Idaho LLC, a Delaware limited liability company
Pathways of Maine, Inc., a Maine corporation
Pathways of Massachusetts LLC, a Delaware limited liability company
The Redco Group, Inc., a Pennsylvania corporation








------------------------------------------------------------------------


Schedule 1

Revolving Commitment Increase


Institution
Revolving Commitment Increase
Revolving Commitment
SunTrust Bank
$25,000,000
$85,000,000
MUFG Union Bank, N.A.
$21,500,000
$52,500,000
Bank of America, N.A.
$14,500,000
$52,500,000
Wells Fargo Bank, National Association
$14,500,000
$52,500,000
Barclays Bank PLC
$52,500,000
$52,500,000
JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A.
$52,500,000
$52,500,000
UBS AG, Stamford Branch
$7,500,000
$37,500,000
U.S. Bank, National Association
$9,500,000
$32,500,000
East West Bank
$15,000,000
$30,000,000
Morgan Stanley Senior Funding, Inc.
$27,500,000
$27,500,000
BOKF, N.A. dba Bank of Albuquerque
$10,000,000
$25,000,000
Total
$250,000,000
$500,000,000


