 EX-10.13 10 s105258_ex10-13.htm EXHIBIT 10-13
 
Exhibit 10.13
 
PNC BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION
Investor Deposit Escrow Agreement
 
This Investor Deposit Escrow Agreement (this “Agreement”), dated as of 
________ __, 2017, is by and between Shuttle Pharmaceuticals, Inc., a 
Maryland corporation, having its principal place of business at 1 Research 
Court, Suite 450, Rockville, Maryland 20850 (the “Company”) and PNC Bank, 
National Association, a national banking association with its principal 
place of business at _________________________________________ (the "
Escrow Agent"). The Company and the Escrow Agent are sometimes referred to 
herein individually, as a “Party” and collectively, as the “Parties.”
 
RECITALS
 
WHEREAS, the Company, pursuant to a Registration Statement on Form S-1 
(File No. 333-215027), filed under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended 
(the “Securities Act”) is offering, on a self-underwritten, “best efforts, 
minimum-maximum” basis. a minimum of 1,250,000 shares (“Shares”) of its 
common stock (the “Minimum Offering”) and a maximum of 4,500,000 Shares 
(the “Maximum Offering,” and together with the Minimum Offering,, the “
Offering”), at an offering price of $8.00 per Share (the “Offering Price
”); and
 
WHEREAS, in compliance with the requirements of the Securities Act and the 
rules and regulations thereunder, Company wishes to create a segregated 
escrow account with the Escrow Agent on behalf of the Company and for the 
benefit of each person or entity that wishes to invest in the Offering 
(each an “Investor” and collectively, “Investors”) to deposit their 
Offering Price until the Company receives subscriptions for the Minimum 
Offering and the subscriptions for the Minimum Offering are closed upon (“
Closing”); and
 
WHEREAS, each Investor will deliver an amount equal to his, her or its 
Offering Price to be held in a non-interest bearing escrow account 
established hereby (the “Escrow Account”) until the Escrow Agent has 
received an aggregate of $10,000,000 in funds from Investors in 
subscriptions for the Offering and the Escrow Agent receives notice from 
the Company of Closing (the “Escrow Period”), unless earlier released in 
accordance with the terms hereof; and
 
WHEREAS, the Parties desire to set forth their understandings with regard 
to the Escrow Account.
 
AGREEMENT
 
NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and agreements of the 
Parties contained in this Agreement, and for other good and valuable 
consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are acknowledged, the 
Parties agree as follows:
 
1.          Recitals.          The above recitals are true and correct and 
are incorporated herein by reference.
 
2.          Appointment of Escrow Agent.         The Company hereby 
appoints the Escrow Agent as the agent to hold in escrow, and to administer 
the disposition of, the Escrow Fund (as defined below) in accordance with 
the terms of this Agreement, and the Escrow Agent accepts such appointment. 
The names and true signatures of each individual authorized to act singly 
on behalf of the Company under this Agreement (the “Authorized Persons”) 
are stated in Schedule A to this Agreement, as the same may be amended or 
supplemented from time to time by the Company.
 

 

 

 
3.          Establishment of Escrow.         Following execution and 
delivery of this Agreement by the Company and the Escrow Agent, the Company 
shall, from time to time, deposit or cause to be deposited with the Escrow 
Agent, the Offering Price paid by each Investor, and the Escrow Agent shall 
promptly upon request acknowledge to the Company the receipt of any funds 
so deposited. The Offering Price and all additional amounts now or 
hereafter deposited with the Escrow Agent shall be referred to as the “
Escrow Fund.”
 
4.          Customer Identification and TIN Certification.         To help 
the government fight the funding of terrorism and money laundering 
activities, Federal laws require all financial institutions to obtain, 
verify and record information that identifies each individual or entity 
that opens an account. Therefore, the Escrow Agent must obtain the name, 
address, taxpayer or other government identification number, and other 
information, such as date of birth for individuals, for each individual and 
business entity that is a Party to this Agreement. Accordingly, prior to 
the execution of this Agreement, the Company shall provide to the Escrow 
Agent a completed IRS Form W-9, and every individual executing this 
Agreement on behalf of the Company shall provide to the Escrow Agent a copy 
of a driver’s license, passport or other form of photo identification 
acceptable to the Escrow Agent. The Company agrees to provide to the Escrow 
Agent such organizational documents and documents establishing the 
authority of any individual acting in a representative capacity as the 
Escrow Agent may require in order to comply with its established practices, 
procedures and policies.
 
5.          Deposit of the Escrow Fund.         The Escrow Agent shall 
deposit the Escrow Fund in the Escrow Account, which shall be a 
non-interest bearing deposit account at the Escrow Agent. The Escrow Agent 
is authorized and directed to assign the tax identification number 
certified by the Company to the Escrow Account. In no instance shall the 
Escrow Agent have any obligation to provide investment advice of any kind. 
The Escrow Agent shall not be liable or responsible for any loss resulting 
from any deposits made pursuant to this Section 5, other than as a result 
of the gross negligence or willful misconduct of the Escrow Agent as set 
forth herein.
 
6.          Release of the Escrow Fund.
 
(a)          If the Offering is terminated at any time prior to Closing of 
the Minimum Offering, then the Escrow Agent shall, upon written 
notification from the Company to the Escrow Agent, promptly release the 
Escrow Funds to individual Investors in accordance with wire transfer 
instructions set forth in such written notification or if wire transfer 
instructions are not included in such written notification, by check to the 
delivery addresses set forth in such written notification.
 
(b)          If the Company decides not to accept an Investor after the 
Investor has made a deposit of his, her or its Offering Price with the 
Escrow Agent, the Company shall provide a written notification of such to 
the Escrow Agent, which then shall promptly return the Investor’s deposit 
of the Offering Price to the Investor by the wire transfer instructions set 
forth in the written notification or if wire transfer instructions are not 
set forth in the written notification, by check to the delivery addresses 
set forth in such written notification.
 

 

 

 
(c)          Whenever the Company determines to hold Closing of the 
Offering (at any time after the Company receives subscriptions for at least 
the Minimum Offering and the proceeds thereof are deposited in the Escrow 
Account hereunder), the Company shall provide the Escrow Agent with a 
written notification thereof, which notification shall specify the 
Investors whose subscriptions are being closed upon, the amount to be 
released from the Escrow Fund and the identity of persons to whom such 
amounts are to be released from the Escrow Fund and wire transfer 
instructions (if payment is to be made by wire transfer) or delivery 
addresses (if payment is to be made by check), for each payee. Upon 
receipt, the Escrow Agent shall promptly release monies from the Escrow 
Fund in accordance with the instructions set forth in the written 
notification.
 
(d)          Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, if 
any amount to be released at any time or under any circumstances exceeds 
the balance the Escrow Fund, the Escrow Agent shall release the balance in 
the Escrow Fund and shall have no liability or responsibility to the 
Company for any deficiency.
 
7.          Methods of Payment.         All payments required to be made by 
the Escrow Agent under this Agreement shall be made by wire transfer or by 
check, as set forth in the written notifications furnished by the Company 
to the Escrow Agent hereunder. Any wire transfers shall be made subject to, 
and in accordance with, the Escrow Agent’s normal funds transfer procedures 
in effect from time to time. The Escrow Agent shall be entitled to rely 
upon all bank and account information provided to the Escrow Agent by the 
Company. The Escrow Agent shall have no duty to verify or otherwise confirm 
any written wire transfer instructions but it may do so in its discretion 
on any occasion without incurring any liability to the Company or any 
Investor for failing to do so on any other occasion. The Escrow Agent shall 
process all wire transfers based on bank identification and account numbers 
rather than the names of the intended recipient of the funds, even if such 
numbers pertain to a recipient other than the recipient identified in the 
payment instructions. The Escrow Agent shall have no duty to detect any 
such inconsistencies and shall resolve any such inconsistencies by using 
the account number.
 
8.          Responsibilities and Liability of Escrow Agent.
 
(a)          Duties Limited.         The Escrow Agent undertakes to perform 
only such duties as are expressly set forth in this Agreement. The Escrow 
Agent's duties shall be determined only with reference to this Agreement 
and applicable laws and it shall have no implied duties. The Escrow Agent 
shall not be bound by, deemed to have knowledge of, or have any obligation 
to make inquiry into or consider, any term or provision of any agreement 
between the Company, the Investors and/or any other third party or as to 
which the escrow relationship created by this Agreement relates, including 
without limitation any documents referenced in this Agreement.
 
(b)          Limitations on Liability of Escrow Agent.         Except in 
cases of the Escrow Agent's bad faith, willful misconduct or gross 
negligence, the Escrow Agent shall be fully protected (i) in acting in 
reliance upon any certificate, statement, request, notice, advice, 
instruction, direction, other agreement or instrument or signature 
reasonably and in good faith believed by the Escrow Agent to be genuine; 
(ii) in assuming that any person purporting to give the Escrow Agent any of 
the foregoing in connection with either this Agreement or the Escrow 
Agent's duties, has been duly authorized to do so; and (iii) in acting or 
failing to act in good faith on the advice of any counsel retained by the 
Escrow Agent. The Escrow Agent shall not be liable for any mistake of fact 
or law or any error of judgment, or for any act or omission, except as a 
result of its bad faith, willful misconduct or gross negligence. The Escrow 
Agent shall not be responsible for any loss incurred upon any action taken 
under circumstances not constituting bad faith, willful misconduct or gross 
negligence.
 

 

 

 
In connection with any payments that the Escrow Agent is instructed to make 
by wire transfer, the Escrow Agent shall not be liable for the acts or 
omissions of (x) the Company or other person providing such instructions, 
including without limitation errors as to the amount, bank information or 
bank account number; or (y) any other person or entity, including without 
limitation any Federal Reserve Bank, any transmission or communications 
facility, any funds transfer system, any receiver or receiving depository 
financial institution, and no such person or entity shall be deemed to be 
an agent of the Escrow Agent.
 
Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, it is agreed that in no 
event will the Escrow Agent be liable for any lost profits or other 
indirect, special, incidental or consequential damages which the Company 
and/or the Investors may incur or experience by reason of having entered 
into or relied on this Agreement or arising out of or in connection with 
the Escrow Agent's services, even if the Escrow Agent was advised or 
otherwise made aware of the possibility of such damages; nor shall the 
Escrow Agent be liable for acts of God, acts of war, breakdowns or 
malfunctions of machines or computers, interruptions or malfunctions of 
communications or power supplies, labor difficulties, actions of public 
authorities, or any other similar cause or catastrophe beyond the Escrow 
Agent's reasonable control.
 
In the event that the Escrow Agent shall be uncertain as to its duties or 
rights under this Agreement, or shall receive any certificate, statement, 
request, notice, advice, instruction, direction or other agreement or 
instrument from any other party with respect to the Escrow Funds which, in 
the Escrow Agent's reasonable and good faith opinion, is in conflict with 
any of the provisions of this Agreement, or shall be advised that a dispute 
has arisen with respect to the Escrow Fund or any part thereof, the Escrow 
Agent shall be entitled, without liability to any person, to refrain from 
taking any action other than to keep safely the Escrow Fund until the 
Escrow Agent shall be directed otherwise in accordance with an order of a 
court with jurisdiction over the Escrow Agent. The Escrow Agent shall be 
under no duty to institute or defend any legal proceedings, although the 
Escrow Agent may, in its discretion and at the expense of the Company as 
provided in Subsections 8(c) or (d) immediately below, institute or defend 
such proceedings.
         
(c)          Indemnification of Escrow Agent.         The Company agrees to 
indemnify the Escrow Agent for, and to hold it harmless against, any and 
all claims, suits, actions, proceedings, investigations, judgments, 
deficiencies, damages, settlements, liabilities and expenses (including 
reasonable legal fees and expenses of attorneys chosen by the Escrow Agent) 
as and when incurred, arising out of or based upon any act, omission, 
alleged act or alleged omission by the Escrow Agent or any other cause, in 
any case in connection with the acceptance of, or performance or 
non-performance by the Escrow Agent of, any of the Escrow Agent's duties 
under this Agreement, except as a result of the Escrow Agent's bad faith, 
willful misconduct or gross negligence.
     
(d)          Authority to Interplead.         The Company hereby authorizes 
the Escrow Agent, if the Escrow Agent is threatened with litigation or is 
sued, to interplead all interested parties in any court of competent 
jurisdiction and to deposit the Escrow Fund with the clerk of that court. 
In the event of any dispute, the Escrow Agent shall be entitled to petition 
a court of competent jurisdiction and shall perform any acts ordered by 
such court.
 
9.          Termination.         This Agreement and all the obligations of 
the Escrow Agent shall terminate upon the earliest to occur of the release 
of the entire Escrow Fund by the Escrow Agent in accordance with this 
Agreement or the deposit of the Escrow Fund by the Escrow Agent in 
accordance with Subsection 8(d) hereof.
 

 

 

 
10.         Removal of Escrow Agent       The Company, by written 
notification, shall have the right to terminate the appointment of the 
Escrow Agent, specifying the date upon which such termination shall take 
effect. Thereafter, the Escrow Agent shall have no further obligation to 
the Company and/or any Investor except to hold the Escrow Fund as 
depository and not otherwise. The Company agrees that it will appoint a 
banking corporation, trust company or attorney as successor escrow agent. 
Escrow Agent shall refrain from taking any action until it shall receive 
written notification from the Company designating the successor escrow 
agent. Escrow Agent shall deliver all of the Escrow Fund to such successor 
escrow agent in accordance with such notification and upon receipt of the 
Escrow Fund, the successor escrow agent shall be bound by all of the 
provisions of this Agreement.
 
11.         Resignation of Escrow Agent.         The Escrow Agent may 
resign and be discharged from its duties and obligations hereunder at any 
time by giving no less than ten (10) days' prior written notice of such 
resignation to the Company, specifying the date when such resignation will 
take effect. Thereafter, the Escrow Agent shall have no further obligation 
to the Company and/or any Investor except to hold the Escrow Fund as 
depository and not otherwise. In the event of such resignation, the Company 
agrees that the Company will appoint a banking corporation, trust company, 
or attorney as successor escrow agent within ten (10) days of notice of 
such resignation. The Escrow Agent shall refrain from taking any action 
until it shall receive joint written notification from the Company 
designating the successor escrow agent. The Escrow Agent shall deliver all 
of the Escrow Fund to such successor escrow agent in accordance with such 
notification and upon receipt of the Escrow Fund, the successor escrow 
agent shall be bound by all of the provisions of this Agreement.
 
12.         Accounting.         On a monthly basis, the Escrow Agent shall 
render a written statement setting forth the balance of the Escrow Fund, 
which statements shall be delivered to the Company at the address of such 
parties set forth in Section 15.
 
13.         Survival.         Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to 
the contrary, the provisions of Section 8 shall survive any resignation or 
removal of the Escrow Agent, and any termination of this Agreement.
 
14.         Escrow Agent Fees, Costs, and Expenses.         In 
consideration of the services provided by the Escrow Agent in the 
performance of its duties hereunder, the Escrow Agent shall charge a 
onetime administrative fee of $_________ payable in advance upon execution 
of this Agreement, and shall be entitled to be reimbursed for its customary 
fees and charges for any wire transfers or other depository services 
rendered in connection with the Escrow Fund and any delivery charges or 
other out of pocket expenses incurred in connection the Escrow Fund. The 
Company acknowledges its obligation to pay any fees, expenses and other 
amounts owed to the Escrow Agent pursuant to this Agreement. The Escrow 
Agent shall send invoices for fees, expenses and other amounts owed to the 
Escrow Agent under this Agreement to the Company’s address set forth in 
Section 15. The Escrow Agent shall not be entitled to pay itself for any 
fees, expenses or other amounts owed to the Escrow Agent out of the amounts 
held in the Escrow Fund. The Company agrees that the Escrow Agent shall be 
entitled to withhold any distribution otherwise required to be made from 
the Escrow Fund if any fees, expenses or other amounts owed to the Escrow 
Agent under this Agreement remain unpaid on the date such distribution 
would otherwise be made.
 

 

 

 
15.         Notices.         All notices under this Agreement shall be 
transmitted to the respective parties, shall be in writing and shall be 
considered to have been duly given or served when personally delivered to 
any individual party, or on the first (1st) business day after the date of 
deposit with an overnight courier for next day delivery, postage paid, or 
on the third (3rd) business day after deposit in the United States mail, 
certified, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, or on the date of 
telecopy, fax or similar transmission during normal business hours, as 
evidenced by mechanical confirmation of such telecopy, fax or similar 
transmission, addressed in all cases to the party at his or its address set 
forth below, or to such other address as such party may designate, provided 
that notices will be deemed to have given to the Escrow Agent on the actual 
date received:
 
If to the Company: 	Shuttle Pharmaceuticals, Inc.
  	1 Research Court, Suite 450
  	Rockville, Maryland 20850
  	Attention:  __________________
  	Phone:  (240) 403-4212
  	Fax:  ______________
  	Email:  _____________
                     
If to the Escrow Agent: 	PNC Bank, National Association, Escrow Agent
  	 
  	 
  	Attention: 	 
  	Phone: 	 
  	Fax: 	 
  	Email: 	 
                     
Any notice, except notice by the Escrow Agent, may be given on behalf of 
any party by its counsel or other authorized representative. In all cases 
the Escrow Agent shall be entitled to rely on a copy or a fax or .pdf 
transmission of any document with the same legal effect as if it were the 
original of such document.
 
16.         Modifications; Waiver.         This Agreement may not be 
altered or modified without the express prior written consent of all of the 
parties to this Agreement. No course of conduct shall constitute a waiver 
of any terms or conditions of this Agreement, unless such waiver is 
specified in writing, and then only to the extent so specified. A waiver of 
any of the terms and conditions of this Agreement on one occasion shall not 
constitute a waiver of the other terms of this Agreement, or of such terms 
and conditions on any other occasion.
 
17.         Further Assurances.         If at any time the Escrow Agent 
shall determine or be advised that any further agreements, assurances or 
other documents are reasonably necessary or desirable to carry out the 
provisions of this Agreement and the transactions contemplated by this 
Agreement, the Company shall execute and deliver any and all such 
agreements or other documents, and do all things reasonably necessary or 
appropriate to carry out fully the provisions of this Agreement.
 
18.         Assignment.         This Agreement shall inure to the benefit 
of and be binding upon the successors, heirs, personal representatives, and 
permitted assigns of the parties. This Agreement is freely assignable by 
the Company provided, however, that no assignment by the Company, or it 
successors or assigns, shall be effective unless prior written notice of 
such assignment is given to the Escrow Agent. This Agreement may not be 
assigned by the Escrow Agent, except that upon prior written notification 
to the Company, the Escrow Agent may assign this Agreement to an affiliated 
or successor bank or other qualified bank entity.
 

 

 

 
19.         Section Headings.         The section headings contained in 
this Agreement are inserted for purposes of convenience of reference only 
and shall not affect the meaning or interpretation of this Agreement.
     
20.         Governing Law.          This Escrow Agreement shall be governed 
by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of 
___________________, without regard to principles of conflicts of law.
     
21.         Counterparts and Facsimile Execution.         This Agreement 
may be executed in two or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed 
an original and all of which together shall constitute one and the same 
instrument. The exchange of copies of this Escrow Agreement and of 
signature pages by facsimile, .pdf or other electronic transmission shall 
constitute effective execution and delivery of this Escrow Agreement as to 
the parties and may be used in lieu of the original Escrow Agreement for 
all purposes (and such signatures of the parties transmitted by facsimile, 
.pdf or other electronic transmission shall be deemed to be their original 
signatures for all purposes).
 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties have executed this Agreement as of the date 
first written above.
 
  	THE COMPANY:
  	 
  	SHUTTLE PHARMACEUTICALS, INC.
  	  	 
  	By: 	 
  	  	Anatoly Dritschillo, M.D.
  	 
  	THE ESCROW AGENT:
  	 
  	PNC BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION
  	  	 
  	By: 	 
  	  	Name:
  	  	Title:
 

 

 

 
SCHEDULE A
 
Authorized Persons
 
Name 	  	Title 	  	Signature
  	  	  	  	 
 

 