 EX-10.4 11 f1012g2017ex10iv_abthold.htm PURCHASE AGREEMENT
Exhibit 10.4
 
PURCHASE AGREEMENT
 
This PURCHASE AGREEMENT (this "Agreement") is made and entered into as of 
August 24, 2015 by and among ABT Holdings, Inc. formerly known as ABT 
Mining Co. Inc., an Idaho corporation (the "Company"), Benjamin Art and 
Grigori Sedrakyan (collectively known as the “Member Shareholders” or 
“Sellers”), individuals residing in Glendale, California.
 
WHEREAS, Member Shareholders, on a fully diluted basis, collectively and 
directly own 100% of all issued and outstanding equity and membership 
interests ("Company Shares") in following entities - Scoobeez, a California 
Corporation, Scoobur LLC, a California Limited Liability Company, I Scooter 
Rental LLC, a Nevada Corporation, and Scoobeez Global, Inc., an Idaho 
Corporation (collectively known as “Scoobeez”);
 
WHEREAS, Sellers desire to sell, and the Company desires to purchase, free 
and clear of any and all liens (as defined herein), an aggregate of 76.00% 
of Company Shares in Scoobeez (Schedule II) for an aggregate purchase price 
of $1,296,000 (Schedule I), as set forth herein; and
 
NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing premises and the 
covenants, agreements and representations and warranties contained herein, 
the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties 
hereto agree as follows:
 
ARTICLE I
 
PURCHASE AND SALE; CLOSING
 
Section 1.1 Purchase and Sale. Upon the terms and subject to the conditions 
of this Agreement, Sellers agree to sell, convey, assign, transfer and 
deliver to the Company, and the Company agrees to purchase from Sellers, 
76.00% Company Shares (the "Purchased Shares") of Scoobeez, free and clear 
of any and all mortgages, pledges, encumbrances, liens, security interests, 
options, charges, claims, deeds of trust, deeds to secure debt, title 
retention agreements, rights of first refusal or offer, limitations on 
voting rights, proxies, voting agreements, limitations on transfer or other 
agreements or claims of any kind or nature whatsoever (collectively, 
"Liens"), in such amounts set forth on Schedule I hereto in respect of each 
Seller.
 
Section 1.2 Purchase Price. Upon the terms and subject to the conditions of 
this Agreement, in consideration of the aforesaid sale, conveyance, 
assignment, transfer and delivery to the Company of the Purchased Shares, 
the Company shall pay to Sellers, for an aggregate amount in two 
convertible notes of one million and two hundred thousand dollars 
($1,200,000, the “Convertible Notes” or “Notes”, Schedule I) with the first 
Convertible Note to be issued to Benjamin Art for seven hundred and twenty 
thousand dollars ($720,000) and the second Convertible Note to be issued to 
Grigori Sedrakyan for four hundred and eighty thousand dollars ($480,000), 
and the third cash to Grigori Sedrakyan or his nominated assignee for sixty 
thousand dollars ($60,000) to be paid in 360 days as per the schedule 
within this document and thirty six thousand dollars ($36,000) in cash to 
Sellers for a total purchase price of one million three hundred and twenty 
thousand ($1,296,000). The parties hereto intend that, immediately 
following the Agreement, Scoobeez will be a regular subsidiary of the 
Company.
 
Section 1.3 Expenses. Except as expressly set forth in this Agreement, all 
fees and expenses incurred by each party hereto in connection with the 
matters contemplated by this Agreement shall be borne by the party 
incurring such fee or expense, including without limitation the fees and 
expenses of any investment banks, attorneys, accountants or other experts 
or advisors retained by such party.
 

 

 
 
Section 1.4 Closing. The consummation of the transactions contemplated by 
this Agreement (the "Closing") shall take place on August 27, 2015 (the 
"Closing Date"), provided that the obligations of the Sellers and the 
Company to consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement shall 
be conditioned upon there being no injunction or other order, judgment, 
law, regulation, decree or ruling or other legal restraint or prohibition 
having been issued, enacted or promulgated by a court or other governmental 
authority of competent jurisdiction that would have the effect of 
prohibiting or preventing the consummation of the transactions contemplated 
hereunder.
 
Section 1.5 Closing Delivery.
 
(a) At or prior to the Closing Date, in accordance with Section 1.1 hereof, 
each Seller shall deliver or cause to be delivered to the Company, at an 
address to be designated in writing by the Company, the certificates 
representing the Purchased Shares to be purchased on the Closing Date as 
set forth on Schedule I hereto in respect of each Seller, duly and validly 
endorsed or accompanied by stock powers duly and validly executed in blank 
and sufficient to convey to the Company good, valid and marketable title in 
and to such Purchased Shares, free and clear of any and all Liens.
 
(b) On the Closing Date, upon confirmation from the Company that all 
documents have been delivered in accordance with Section 1.1 and Section 
1.5(a) hereof, the Company shall deliver or cause to be delivered to 
Sellers the cash amounts not later than thirty days from the date of this 
Agreement set forth on Schedule I hereto in respect of each Seller, by wire 
transfer of available funds to such accounts, on behalf of Sellers, has 
specified in writing prior to such Closing Date.
 
(c) Each party hereto further agrees to execute and deliver such other 
instruments as shall be reasonably requested by a party hereto to 
consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.
 
ARTICLE II
 
COVENANTS
 
Section 2.1 Public Announcement; Public Filings.
 
(a) Upon execution of this Agreement, the Company shall issue a press 
release as shall be mutually agreed by the Company and Sellers. No party 
hereto nor any of its respective Affiliates shall issue any press release 
or make any public statement relating to the transactions contemplated 
hereby (including, without limitation, any statement to any governmental or 
regulatory agency or accrediting body) that is inconsistent with, or are 
otherwise contrary to, the statements in the press release.
 
(b) Promptly following the date hereof, Sellers shall cause to be filed 
with the relevant State and regulatory authorities an amendment to their 
most recent Statement of Information, and prior to filing will provide the 
Company and its counsel a reasonably opportunity to review and comment upon 
such amendment.
 
Section 2.2 Confidentiality. Sellers shall not disclose and shall maintain 
the confidentiality of (and shall cause their respective Affiliates, 
directors, officers and employees to not disclose and to maintain the 
confidentiality of) any non-public information which relates to the 
business, legal or financial affairs of the Company (the "Confidential 
Information"). Sellers shall use at least the same degree of care to 
safeguard and to prevent the disclosure, publication or dissemination of 
the Confidential Information as they respectively employ to avoid 
unauthorized disclosure, publication or dissemination of their own 
information of a similar nature, but in no case less than reasonable care. 
In the event that a Seller (or any Affiliate, director, officer or 
employee) is requested or required (by oral question, interrogatory, 
request for information or documents, subpoena, civil investigative demand 
or similar process) to disclose any Confidential Information, Seller shall 
(a) notify the Company promptly so that the Company may seek a protective 
order or other appropriate remedy and (b) cooperate with the Company in any 
effort the Company undertakes to obtain a protective order or other remedy. 
In the event that no such protective order or other remedy is obtained, the 
applicable party shall disclose to the person compelling disclosure only 
that portion of the Confidential Information which such party is advised by 
counsel is legally required and shall exercise reasonable efforts to obtain 
reliable assurance that confidential treatment is accorded the Confidential 
Information so disclosed.
 

  	2 	 

 

 
ARTICLE III
 
REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF
 
SELLERS
 
Each of Sellers hereby makes, severally with respect to itself or himself 
only and not with respect to any other such party, the following 
representations and warranties to the Company:
 
Section 3.1 Existence; Authority. Such Seller, as applicable, is duly 
organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the 
jurisdiction of its organization. Such Seller, as applicable, has all 
requisite competence, power and authority to execute and deliver this 
Agreement and the Amendment, to perform its or his obligations hereunder 
and thereunder and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby and 
thereby and has taken all necessary action to authorize the execution, 
delivery and performance of this Agreement and the Amendment.
 
Section 3.2 Enforceability. This Agreement has been duly and validly 
executed and delivered by such Seller, as applicable, and, upon its 
execution and delivery, the Amendment will be duly and validly executed and 
delivered by such party, and, assuming due and valid authorization, 
execution and delivery by the Company, this Agreement and the Amendment 
will constitute the legal, valid and binding obligations of such Seller, as 
applicable, enforceable against such person in accordance with its terms, 
except as such enforceability may be affected by bankruptcy, insolvency, 
moratorium and other similar laws relating to or affecting creditors' 
rights generally and general equitable principles.
 
Section 3.3 Ownership. Such Seller is the beneficial owner of the Purchased 
Shares set forth opposite its name on Schedule I hereto, free and clear of 
any and all Liens. Such Seller has full power and authority to transfer 
full legal ownership of its respective Purchased Shares to the Company, and 
such Seller is not required to obtain the approval of any person or 
governmental agency or organization to effect the sale of the Purchased 
Shares.
 
Section 3.4 Good Title Conveyed. All Purchased Shares sold by such Seller 
hereunder, shall be free and clear of any and all Liens and good, valid and 
marketable title to such Purchased Shares will effectively vest in the 
Company at the Closing.
 
Section 3.5 Absence of Litigation. There is no suit, action, investigation 
or proceeding pending or, to the knowledge of such Seller, as applicable, 
threatened against such party that could impair the ability of such Seller 
to perform its obligations hereunder or to consummate the transactions 
contemplated hereby.
 
Section 3.6 Other Acknowledgments.
 
(a) Each of Sellers hereby represents and acknowledges, severally with 
respect to itself or himself only and not with respect to any other such 
party, that it or he is a sophisticated investor and that it or he knows 
that the Company may have material Confidential Information concerning the 
Company and its condition (financial and otherwise), results of operations, 
businesses, properties, plans and prospects and that such information could 
be material to Sellers' decision to sell the Purchased Shares or otherwise 
materially adverse to Sellers' interests. Each of Sellers acknowledges and 
agrees, severally with respect to itself or himself only and not with 
respect to any other such party, that the Company shall have no obligation 
to disclose to it or him any such information and hereby waives and 
releases, to the fullest extent permitted by law, any and all claims and 
causes of action it has or may have against the Company and their 
respective Affiliates, officers, directors, employees, agents and 
representatives based upon, relating to or arising out of nondisclosure of 
such information or the sale of the Purchased Shares hereunder.
 

  	3 	 

 

 
(b) Each of Sellers further represents, severally with respect to itself or 
himself only and not with respect to any other such party, that it or he 
has adequate information concerning the business and financial condition of 
the Company to make an informed decision regarding the sale of the 
Purchased Shares and has, independently and without reliance upon the 
Company, made its or his own analysis and decision to sell the Purchased 
Shares. With respect to legal, tax, accounting, financial and other 
considerations involved in the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, 
including the sale of the Purchased Shares, such Seller, as applicable, is 
relying on the Company (or any agent or representative thereof). Such 
Seller, as applicable, has carefully considered and, to the extent it or he 
believes such discussion necessary, discussed with professional legal, tax, 
accounting, financial and other advisors the suitability of the 
transactions contemplated by this Agreement, including the sale of the 
Purchased Shares. Each of Sellers, acknowledges, severally with respect to 
itself or himself only and not with respect to any other such party, that 
none of the Company or any of their respective directors, officers, 
subsidiaries or Affiliates has made or makes any representations or 
warranties, whether express or implied, of any kind except as expressly set 
forth in this Agreement.
 
(c) Each of Sellers represents, severally with respect to itself only and 
not with respect to any other such party, that (1) the sale of the 
applicable Purchased Shares by such Seller (i) was privately negotiated in 
an independent transaction and (ii) does not violate any rules or 
regulations applicable to such Seller.
 
ARTICLE IV
 
REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF
 
THE COMPANY
 
The Company makes the following representations and warranties to Sellers:
 
Section 4.1 Existence; Authority. The Company is a corporation duly 
organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the 
State of Idaho. The Company has all requisite corporate power and authority 
to execute and deliver this Agreement, to perform its obligations hereunder 
and thereunder and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby and 
thereby and has taken all necessary corporate action to authorize the 
execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement.
 
Section 4.2 Enforceability. This Agreement has been duly and validly 
executed and delivered by the Company and, upon its execution and delivery, 
and, assuming due and valid authorization, execution and delivery by 
Sellers, this Agreement constitute the legal, valid and binding obligations 
of the Company, enforceable against it in accordance with its terms, except 
as such enforceability may be affected by bankruptcy, insolvency, 
moratorium and other similar laws relating to or affecting creditors' 
rights generally and general equitable principles. The purchase of the 
Purchased Shares by the Company (i) was privately negotiated in an 
independent transaction and (ii) does not violate any rules or regulations 
applicable to the Company.
 
Section 4.3 Absence of Litigation. There is no suit, action, investigation 
or proceeding pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened 
against such party that could impair the ability of the Company to perform 
its obligations hereunder or to consummate the transactions contemplated 
hereby.
 

  	4 	 

 

 
ARTICLE V
 
MISCELLANEOUS
 
Section 5.1 Survival. Each of the representations, warranties, covenants, 
and agreements in this Agreement or pursuant hereto shall survive the 
Closing. Notwithstanding any knowledge of facts determined or determinable 
by any party by investigation, each party shall have the right to fully 
rely on the representations, warranties, covenants and agreements of the 
other parties contained in this Agreement or in any other documents or 
papers delivered in connection herewith. Each representation, warranty, 
covenant and agreement of the parties contained in this Agreement is 
independent of each other representation, warranty, covenant and agreement. 
Except as expressly set forth in this Agreement, no party has made any 
representation warranty, covenant or agreement.
 
Section 5.2 Notices. All notices, requests, claims, demands and other 
communications hereunder shall be in writing and shall be given (and shall 
be deemed to have been duly given if so given) by hand delivery, cable, 
telecopy or mail (registered or certified, postage prepaid, return receipt 
requested) to the respective parties hereto addressed as follows:
 
If to the Company:
 
ABT Holdings, Inc.
225 S Lake Avenue, Suite 300,
Pasadena, CA 91101
Attention: Shahan Ohanessian
President and Secretary
 
If to any Seller, Benjamin Art and Grigori Sedrakyan
 
c/o Scoobeez
640 Irving Avenue,
Glendale, CA 91201
 
Section 5.3 Certain Definitions. As used in this Agreement, (a) the term 
"Affiliate" shall have the meaning set forth in Rule 12b-2 under the 
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and shall include persons who 
become Affiliates of any person subsequent to the date hereof; and (b) the 
Company, and each Seller are referred to herein individually as a "party" 
and collectively as "parties."
 
Section 5.4 Specific Performance. The Company, on the one hand, and 
Sellers, on the other hand, acknowledge and agree that the other would be 
irreparably injured by a breach of this Agreement and that money damages 
are an inadequate remedy for an actual or threatened breach of this 
Agreement. Accordingly, the parties agree to the granting of specific 
performance of this Agreement and injunctive or other equitable relief as a 
remedy for any such breach or threatened breach, without proof of actual 
damages, and further agree to waive any requirement for the securing or 
posting of any bond in connection with any such remedy. Such remedy shall 
not be deemed to be the exclusive remedy for a breach of this Agreement, 
but shall be in addition to all other remedies available at law or equity.
 
Section 5.5 No Waiver. Any waiver by any party hereto of a breach of any 
provision of this Agreement shall not operate as or be construed to be a 
waiver of any other breach of such provision or of any breach of any other 
provision of this Agreement. The failure of a party hereto to insist upon 
strict adherence to any term of this Agreement on one or more occasions 
shall not be considered a waiver or deprive that party of the right 
thereafter to insist upon strict adherence to that term or any other term 
of this Agreement.
 

  	5 	 

 

 
Section 5.6 Severability. If any term, provision, covenant or restriction 
of this Agreement is held by a court of competent jurisdiction or other 
authority to be invalid or unenforceable, the remainder of the terms, 
provisions, covenants and restrictions of this Agreement shall remain in 
full force and effect and shall in no way be affected, impaired or 
invalidated by such holding. The parties agree that the court making any 
such determination of invalidity or unenforceability shall have the power 
to reduce the scope, duration or area of, delete specific words or phrases 
in, or replace any such invalid or unenforceable provision with one that is 
valid and enforceable and that comes closest to expressing the intention of 
such invalid or unenforceable provision, and this Agreement shall be 
enforceable as so modified after the expiration of the time within which 
the judgment may be appealed.
 
Section 5.7 Successors and Assigns. This Agreement shall be binding upon 
and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective 
successors and assigns; provided that this Agreement (and any of the 
rights, interests or obligations of any party hereunder) may not be 
assigned by any party without the prior written consent of the other 
parties hereto (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld) except as set 
forth in Section 1.5(a). Any purported assignment of a party's rights under 
this Agreement in violation of the preceding sentence shall be null and 
void.
 
Section 5.8 Entire Agreement; Amendments. This Agreement (including any 
Schedules and Exhibits hereto) constitutes the entire agreement between the 
parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes all other 
prior agreements and understandings, both written and oral, among the 
parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and, except as expressly 
set forth herein, is not intended to confer upon any person other than the 
parties hereto any rights or remedies hereunder. This Agreement may be 
amended only by a written instrument duly executed by the parties hereto or 
their respective permitted successors or assigns.
 
Section 5.9 Headings. The section headings contained in this Agreement are 
for reference purposes only and shall not affect in any way the meaning or 
interpretation of this Agreement.
 
Section 5.10 Governing Law. This Agreement shall be governed by and 
construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of Idaho, without giving 
effect to choice of law principles thereof that would cause the application 
of the laws of any other jurisdiction
 
Section 5.11 Submission to Jurisdiction. Each of the parties irrevocably 
submits to the exclusive jurisdiction and service and venue in any federal 
or state court sitting in the State of Idaho for the purposes of any 
action, suit or proceeding arising out of or with respect to this 
Agreement. Each of the parties irrevocably and unconditionally waives any 
objections to the laying of venue of any action, suit or proceeding 
relating to this Agreement in any federal or state court sitting in the 
State of Idaho, and hereby further irrevocably and unconditionally waives 
and agrees not to plead or claim in any such court that any such action, 
suit or proceeding brought in any such court has been brought in an 
inconvenient forum. EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES 
THE RIGHT TO A TRIAL BY JURY.
 
Section 5.12 Counterparts; Facsimile. This Agreement may be executed in 
counterparts, including by facsimile or PDF electronic transmission, each 
of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which together shall 
constitute one and the same Agreement.
 
Section 5.13 Further Assurances. Upon the terms and subject to the 
conditions of this Agreement, each of the parties hereto agrees to execute 
such additional documents, to use commercially reasonable efforts to take, 
or cause to be taken, all actions, and to do, or cause to be done, and to 
assist and cooperate with the other parties in doing, all things necessary, 
proper or advisable to consummate or make effective, in the most 
expeditious manner practicable, the transactions contemplated by this 
Agreement.
 
Section 5.14 Interpretation. The parties acknowledge and agree that this 
Agreement has been negotiated at arm's length and among parties equally 
sophisticated and knowledgeable in the matters covered hereby. Accordingly, 
any rule of law or legal decision that would require interpretation of any 
ambiguities in this Agreement against the party that has drafted it is not 
applicable and is hereby waived.
 
[SIGNATURE PAGES FOLLOW]
 

  	6 	 

 

 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be 
duly executed as of the day and year first written above.
 
ABT Holdings, Inc. (formerly known as ABT Mining Co. Inc.) 	 
  	  	 
By: 	/s/ Shahan Ohanessian 	 
Name: Shahan Ohanessian 	 
Title: President and Secretary 	 
  	  	 
Seller of Purchased Shares of Scoobeez (Benjamin Art) 	 
  	  	 
By: 	/s/ Benjamin Art 	 
Name: Benjamin Art 	 
Title: Owner of Scoobeez 	 
  	  	 
Seller of Purchased Shares of Scoobeez (Grigori Sedrakyan) 	 
  	  	 
By: 	/s/ Grigori Sedrakyan 	 
Name: Grigori Sedrakyan 	 
Title: Owner of Scoobeez 	 
 

 

 
 
Schedule I
 
Payments to Sellers
 
Name of Seller 	  	Issue Date 	  	Convertible Note 	  	  	Maturity Date 	 
Benjamin Art 	  	Closing Date 	  	$ 	720,000 	  	  	$ 	720,000 	 
Grigori Sedrakyan 	  	Closing Date 	  	$ 	480,000 	  	  	$ 	480,000 	 
Grigori Sedrakyan or his Assignee 	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	 
 
I. 	Benjamin Art – Convertible Note, Face Value: $720,000
  	 
II. 	Grigori Sedrakyan – Convertible Note, Face Value: $480,000
  	 
  	 
III. 	Grigori Sedrakyan or his Assignee – Cash Consideration: $60,000
  	 
IV. 	Cash Consideration: The Company promises to pay to Scoobeez, a cash 
consideration of $36,000 no later than 30 days from the closing date of 
this Agreement. Sellers have the right to convert the Note into common 
stock of the Company equaling the face value of the after one year 
anniversary of this Agreement.
  	 
V. 	Conversion Rights: Further, The Holder shall have the right on or after 
365 days from the date of this Note to convert all or any part of the 
outstanding and unpaid principal amount of this Note into fully paid and 
non- assessable shares of Common Stock, as such Common Stock exists on the 
Issue Date, or any shares of capital stock or other securities of the 
Borrower into which such Common Stock shall hereafter be changed or 
reclassified at the conversion price (the "Conversion Price") determined as 
provided herein (a "Conversion"); provided, however, that in no event shall 
the Holder be entitled to convert any portion of this Note in excess of 
that portion of this Note upon conversion of which the sum of (1) the 
number of shares of Common Stock beneficially owned by the Holder and its 
affiliates (other than shares of Common Stock which may be deemed 
beneficially owned through the ownership of the unconverted portion of the 
Notes or the unexercised or unconverted portion of any other security of 
the Borrower subject to a limitation on conversion or exercise analogous to 
the limitations contained herein) and (2) the number of shares of Common 
Stock issuable upon the conversion of the portion of this Note with respect 
to which the determination of this proviso is being made, would result in 
beneficial ownership by the Holder and its affiliates of more than 4.99% of 
the outstanding shares of Common Stock.
  

 

 
 
Schedule II
 
Share Structure after Issuance of Purchased Shares
 
Name of Seller 	  	ABT’s Shares and Ownership % 	  	  	Benjamin’s Shares 
and Ownership % 	  	  	Grigori’s Shares and Ownership % 	  	  	Total 	 
Scoobeez 	  	  	76.00 	% 	  	  	15.00 	% 	  	  	9.00 	% 	  	  	100.00 	%
Scoobur LLC 	  	  	76.00 	% 	  	  	15.00 	% 	  	  	9.00 	% 	  	  	100.00 	
%
Scoobeez LLC 	  	  	76.00 	% 	  	  	15.00 	% 	  	  	9.00 	% 	  	  	100.00 	
%
I Scooter Rental LLC 	  	  	76.00 	% 	  	  	15.00 	% 	  	  	9.00 	% 	  	  	
100.00 	%
Scoobeez Global, Inc. 	  	  	76.00 	% 	  	  	15.00 	% 	  	  	9.00 	% 	  	  	
100.00 	%
 
 
 
 