 EX-10.1 2 exh_101.htm EXHIBIT 10.1
Exhibit 10.1
EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT
 
THIS EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT (this “Agreement”) is entered into as of February 
7, 2017, by and between Varonis Systems, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the 
“Company”), and Guy Melamed (“Executive”), to be effective on the Effective 
Date (as defined below). Where the context permits, references to “the 
Company” shall include the Company and any successor of the Company.
 
W I T N E S S E T H:
 
WHEREAS, the Company and Executive previously entered into an Offer Letter 
and Agreement, dated September 18, 2014 (the “Original Agreement”), 
pursuant to which Executive serves as Vice President of Finance of the 
Company;
 
WHEREAS, the Company desires to engage Executive and Executive represents 
that he has the requisite skills, qualifications and knowledge to serve the 
Company in the position of Chief Financial Officer and
 
WHEREAS, upon April 1, 2017 (the “Effective Date”), the Company and 
Executive mutually desire to terminate the Original Agreement and enter 
into this Agreement, which sets forth the terms and conditions of 
Executive’s employment as of the Effective Date.
 
NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual promises, covenants and 
agreements herein contained, together with other good and valuable 
consideration the receipt of which is hereby acknowledged, the parties 
hereto do hereby agree as follows:
 
1.  SERVICES AND DUTIES. As of the Effective Date, Executive shall serve as 
Chief Financial Officer of the Company and in such position shall have the 
duties, responsibilities and authority commensurate with the status of an 
individual holding such position in a company similarly situated to the 
Company and shall render services consistent with such position. In all 
cases, Executive shall be subject to the supervision and authority of, and 
shall report to, the Chief Executive Officer and Board of Directors of the 
Company (the “Board of Directors”). While employed by the Company, 
Executive agrees to devote substantially all of his working time and 
efforts to the business and affairs of the Company and its subsidiaries, 
subject to periods of vacation and sick leave to which he is entitled 
pursuant to this Agreement and in accordance with the Company’s policies in 
effect at such time. Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing herein shall 
preclude Executive, so long as Executive delivers advance written notice to 
the Company, from participating in or serving on the board of directors or 
similar governing body of a corporation or other business entity (other 
than a business entity in a competitive business as described in Section 
6(c)) or of charitable, religious, social or educational organizations in 
so far as such participation or service does not unreasonably interfere, 
individually or in the aggregate, with Executive’s performance of his 
obligations to the Company. Executive agrees to discharge his duties 
diligently, faithfully and in the best interests of the Company. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing or anything else contained in this Agreement, 
the Company retains the right to terminate Executive’s employment at any 
time for any reason or no reason (and whether or not for Cause (as defined 
below)).

 

2.  EMPLOYMENT TERM. Unless Executive’s employment shall sooner terminate 
pursuant to Section 5 of this Agreement, the Company shall employ Executive 
under the terms of this Agreement for the period commencing on the 
Effective Date and ending on the third (3rd) anniversary of the Effective 
Date (the “Initial Term”); provided, however, that commencing on the 
expiration of the Initial Term and each anniversary thereafter, the term of 
this Agreement shall be deemed to be automatically extended, upon the same 
terms and conditions, for successive periods of one (1) year each (each, an 
“Extended Term”), unless Executive or the Company, as the case may be, at 
least ninety (90) days prior to the expiration of the Initial Term or any 
Extended Term, provides written notice to the other of its intention not to 
renew this Agreement. The period during which Executive is employed 
pursuant to this Agreement, including any Extended Term in accordance with 
the preceding sentence, shall be referred to as the “Term.”

3.  COMPENSATION.
 
(a)        Base Salary. As compensation for Executive’s services to the 
Company, the Company shall pay Executive an annual base salary (as in 
effect from time to time, the “Base Salary”) at a rate of $300,000 per year 
(pro-rated for any partial year). The Base Salary shall be paid to 
Executive in accordance with the usual payroll practices of the Company in 
effect from time to time. The Base Salary may be increased (but not 
decreased other than pursuant to an across-the-board reduction that applies 
to all employees or solely to senior executives of the Company) during the 
Term in the sole discretion of the Compensation Committee of the Board of 
Directors (the “Compensation Committee”) or the Board of Directors.
 
(b)       Annual Bonus. Executive shall have an annual discretionary target 
bonus opportunity equal to $100,000, to be paid upon satisfaction of 
certain criteria established by the Compensation Committee and subject to 
the terms of any annual bonus plan established by the Compensation 
Committee, or by any other committee or officer having authority over 
executive compensation. Such bonus (the “Annual Bonus”) shall be paid in 
accordance with the terms of any annual bonus plan governing such Annual 
Bonus.
 
(c)        Withholding. All taxable compensation payable to Executive 
pursuant to this Agreement shall be subject to any applicable withholding 
taxes and such other taxes as are required under Federal law or the law of 
any state or governmental body to be collected with respect to compensation 
paid by the Company to Executive.
 
4.  BENEFITS AND PERQUISITES.
 
(a)        Welfare Benefits; Paid Time Off. While employed by the Company, 
Executive will be entitled to participate, to the extent eligible 
thereunder, in all benefit plans and programs maintained from time to time 
for the Company’s employees, including, without limitation, medical, dental 
and other benefits such as a 401(k) plan, in accordance with the terms 
thereof in effect from time to time, on a basis no less favorable than 
other senior management employees of the Company. For purposes of 
clarification, nothing contained in this Agreement shall limit or otherwise 
affect the ability of the Company or any of its Affiliates (if applicable) 
to amend, terminate or otherwise modify any such benefit plan or program 
now or hereafter in existence in accordance with its terms and applicable 
law. Notwithstanding any other policy, plan or program of the Company, 
Executive shall be entitled to not less than thirty days of paid vacation 
per calendar year, which may be carried over one year to the extent not 
used in any given calendar year.

  	2 	 

 

(b)       Reimbursement of Expenses. The Company shall reimburse Executive 
for any expenses reasonably and necessarily incurred by Executive during 
the Term in furtherance of Executive’s duties hereunder, including travel, 
meals and accommodations, upon submission by Executive of vouchers or 
receipts and in compliance with such rules and policies relating thereto as 
the Company may from time to time adopt.
 
5.  TERMINATION. Executive’s employment shall be terminated at the earliest 
to occur of the following: (i) the end of the Term; (ii) the date on which 
the Board delivers written notice that Executive is being terminated for 
“Disability” (as defined below); or (iii) the date of Executive’s death. In 
addition, Executive’s employment may be earlier terminated (1) by the 
Company for “Cause” (as defined below), effective on the date on which a 
written notice to such effect is delivered to Executive; (2) by the Company 
at any time without Cause, effective on the date on which a written notice 
to such effect is delivered to Executive or such other date as is 
reasonably designated by the Company in such notice; (3) by Executive for 
“Good Reason” (as defined below), effective thirty-one (31) days following 
the date on which a written notice to such effect is delivered to the 
Company; or (4) by Executive without Good Reason at any time, effective 
ninety (90) days following the date on which a written notice to such 
effect is delivered to the Company; provided, however, that the Company may 
specify an earlier effective date for a termination effected pursuant to 
clauses (3) or (4).

(a)        For Cause Termination. If Executive’s employment with the 
Company is terminated by the Company for Cause, Executive shall not be 
entitled to any further compensation or benefits other than: (i) any 
accrued but unpaid Base Salary, payable as provided in Section 3(a) hereof; 
(ii) any accrued but unused paid time off, payable at the same time as the 
Base Salary and in accordance with Section 3(a) hereof; (iii) reimbursement 
for any business expenses properly incurred by Executive prior to the date 
of termination in accordance with Section 4(b) hereof, payable in 
accordance with Section 4(b) hereof; and (iv) vested benefits, if any, to 
which Executive may be entitled under the Company’s employee benefit plans 
as of the date of termination, payable in accordance with the terms of the 
relevant employee benefit plans (collectively, the “Accrued Benefits”).
 
(b)       Termination by the Company without Cause or by Executive for Good 
Reason. If Executive’s employment is terminated by the Company other than 
for Cause or by Executive for Good Reason and Section 5(c) is not then 
applicable, then Executive shall be entitled to the Accrued Benefits 
payable as provided in Section 5(a) hereof and subject to Executive’s 
execution and non-revocation of a general release of claims relating to 
Executive’s employment and service as an officer with the Company in a form 
reasonably satisfactory to the Company (the “Release”) within thirty (30) 
days following the date of termination (or such longer period as may be 
required by applicable law for the effectiveness of the Release):
 
(i) an amount equal to one-half (1/2) times the Base Salary as of the date 
of termination, payable in a lump sum on the 60th day following the date of 
termination; and
 

  	3 	 

 

(ii)               an amount equal to the amount of the Annual Bonus, if 
any, that Executive would have earned for the year of termination, had he 
remained employed, based on the actual financial performance of the 
Company, as determined by the Company following the end of such year, 
multiplied by a fraction the numerator of which is the number of days in 
the year of termination that Executive was employed by the Company and the 
denominator of which is 365 (the “Pro-Rata Bonus”), to be paid in a cash 
lump sum on the date on which annual bonuses are otherwise paid by the 
Company to its active employees.
 
(c)        Termination in Connection with a Change in Control. If 
Executive’s employment hereunder is terminated (i) by the Company other 
than for Cause or (ii) by Executive with Good Reason in either case within 
one year following a “Change in Control” (as such term is defined in the 
Company’s 2013 Omnibus Equity Incentive Plan, as may be amended from time 
to time, and provided that no Change in Control for this purpose shall 
occur unless the relevant transaction constitutes a “change in control 
event” under Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended 
(the “Code”)), then Executive shall be entitled to (i) the Accrued Benefits 
and (ii) upon Executive’s execution and non-revocation of the Release 
within thirty (30) days following the date of termination (or such longer 
period as may be required by applicable law for the effectiveness of the 
Release):
 
(i)                an amount equal to one (1.0) times the Base Salary as of 
the date of termination, payable in a lump sum on the 60th day following 
the date of termination;
 
(ii)               an amount equal to Executive’s target Annual Bonus for 
the year of termination, to be paid in a cash lump sum on the 60th day 
following the date of termination; and
 
(iii)              notwithstanding anything in the contrary in the 
applicable option or equity-incentive plans, immediate vesting of all of 
Executive’s outstanding equity-based awards.
 
(d)       Voluntary Resignation by Executive without Good Reason; 
Termination upon Death or Disability. If Executive voluntarily resigns his 
employment without Good Reason or if Executive’s employment is terminated 
by reason of Executive’s death or Disability, in lieu of any other payments 
or benefits, Executive (or Executive’s beneficiary or estate, as 
applicable) shall be entitled to the Accrued Benefits only.
 
(e)        Expiration of Term. For the avoidance of doubt, upon the 
expiration of the Term in accordance with Section 2 hereof, the parties’ 
obligations hereunder, other than with respect to the provisions set forth 
in Sections 6, 8 and 9 hereof, shall expire.
 
(f)        Clawback. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, if 
(A) Executive breaches any of the restrictive covenants set forth in 
Section 6 hereof or any other restrictive covenants (including those 
restrictive covenants contained in the Restrictive Covenant Agreement) and 
(B) the Company provides Executive with written notice of such breach, the 
Company shall not be required to pay any amount pursuant to Section 5(b) or 
Section 5(c) and the Company shall have the right to require Executive (and 
any heir, representative, successor or assign of Executive) to repay any 
amount previously paid to Executive pursuant to Section 5(b) or 5(c).
 

  	4 	 

 

(g)       Definitions. For purposes of this Agreement:
 
“Affiliate” means a person that directly, or indirectly through one or more 
intermediaries, controls, or is controlled by, or is under common control 
with, the person specified.
 
“Cause” means (i) an act of dishonesty made by Executive in connection with 
Executive’s responsibilities as an employee which is materially injurious 
to the financial condition or business reputation of the Company; (ii) 
Executive’s conviction of or plea of nolo contendere to, a felony or any 
crime involving fraud, embezzlement or any other act of moral turpitude; 
(iii) Executive’s gross misconduct; (iv) Executive’s willful unauthorized 
use or disclosure of any proprietary information or trade secrets of the 
Company; (v) Executive’s willful and material violation of any written 
policies of the Company; (vi) Executive’s material breach of any 
obligations under any material written agreement or covenant with the 
Company; or (vii) Executive’s continued failure to perform his employment 
duties after Executive has received a written demand for performance from 
the Company which specifically sets forth the factual basis for the 
Company’s belief that Executive has not substantially performed his duties.
 
“Disability” means Executive’s inability, due to disability or incapacity, 
to perform all of Executive’s duties hereunder on a full-time basis for (i) 
periods aggregating one hundred eighty (180) days, whether or not 
continuous, in any continuous period of three hundred and sixty five (365) 
days or (ii) where Executive’s absence is adversely affecting the 
performance of the Company in a significant manner, periods greater than 
ninety (90) days and Executive is unable to resume Executive’s duties on a 
full time basis within ten (10) days after receipt of written notice of the 
Board’s determination under this clause (ii).
 
“Good Reason” means the occurrence, without the express prior written 
consent of Executive, of any of the following circumstances, unless such 
circumstances are corrected by the Company within thirty (30) days 
following written notification by Executive (which written notice must be 
delivered within thirty (30) days following the date Executive becomes 
aware of the occurrence of such circumstances) that Executive intends to 
terminate Executive’s employment for one of the reasons set forth below: 
(i) any material reduction in Executive’s title, duties, authorities, or 
responsibilities; (ii) any material breach by the Company of any agreement 
between the Company and Executive; (iii) any material reduction in the Base 
Salary (including, once Executive’s Base Salary is increased, any material 
reduction in Executive’s Base Salary below such increased amount) other 
than, in each case, an across-the-board reduction that applies to all 
employees or solely to senior executives of the Company; or (iv) any 
relocation of Executive’s principal place of employment to a location more 
than fifty (50) miles outside of the Company’s headquarters in New York, 
New York or Herzliya, Israel.
 
“Restrictive Covenant Agreement” means the Confidential Information, 
Invention Assignment, At-Will Employment and Arbitration Agreement entered 
into between Executive and the Company, as the same may be amended or 
replaced from time to time or any successor agreement.
 

  	5 	 

 

(h)       Resignation as Officer or Director. Upon a termination of 
employment for any reason, Executive shall resign each position that 
Executive then holds as an officer of the Company or as an officer or 
director of any of the Company’s subsidiaries or Affiliates. Executive’s 
execution of this Agreement shall be deemed the grant by Executive to the 
officers of the Company of a limited power of attorney to sign in 
Executive’s name and on Executive’s behalf any such documentation as may be 
required to be executed solely for the limited purposes of effectuating 
such resignations.
 
(i)         Section 409A. It is intended that (i) each installment of the 
payments provided under this Agreement is a separate “payment” for purposes 
of Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the “
Code”), and (ii) the payments satisfy, to the greatest extent possible, the 
exemptions from the application of Section 409A of the Code provided under 
Treasury Regulations 1.409A-1(b)(4), 1.409A-1(b)(9)(iii), and 
1.409A-1(b)(9)(v). Notwithstanding anything contained to the contrary in 
this Agreement, to the extent required in order to avoid accelerated 
taxation and/or tax penalties under Section 409A of the Code, Executive 
shall not be considered to have terminated employment with the Company for 
purposes of this Agreement and no payments shall be due to Executive under 
Section 5 of this Agreement until Executive would be considered to have 
incurred a “separation from service” (as such term is defined under 
Treasury Regulation 1.409A-1(h)) with the Company. Notwithstanding anything 
to the contrary in this Agreement, if the Company determines (1) that on 
the date Executive’s employment with the Company terminates or at such 
other time that the Company determines to be relevant, Executive is a 
“specified employee” (as such term is defined under Treasury Regulation 
1.409A-1(i)(1)) of the Company and (2) that any payments to be provided to 
Executive pursuant to this Agreement are or may become subject to the 
additional tax under Section 409A(a)(1)(B) of the Code or any other taxes 
or penalties imposed under Section 409A of the Code, if provided at the 
time otherwise required under this Agreement, then such payments shall be 
delayed until the date that is six (6) months after the date of Executive’s 
“separation from service” (as such term is defined under Treasury 
Regulation 1.409A-1(h)) with the Company, or, if earlier, the date of 
Executive’s death. Any payments delayed pursuant to this Section 5(g) shall 
be made in a lump sum on the first day of the seventh (7th) month following 
Executive’s “separation from service” (as such term is defined under 
Treasury Regulation 1.409A-1(h)), or, if earlier, the date of Executive’s 
death. In addition, to the extent that any reimbursement, fringe benefit or 
other, similar plan or arrangement in which Executive participates during 
his employment with the Company or thereafter provides for a “deferral of 
compensation” within the meaning of Section 409A of the Code, (x) the 
amount eligible for reimbursement or payment under such plan or arrangement 
in one (1) calendar year may not affect the amount eligible for 
reimbursement or payment in any other calendar year (except that a plan 
providing medical or health benefits may impose a generally applicable 
limit on the amount that may be reimbursed or paid), and (y) subject to any 
shorter time periods provided herein or the applicable plans or 
arrangements, any reimbursement or payment of an expense under such plan or 
arrangement must be made on or before the last day of the calendar year 
following the calendar year in which the expense was incurred.
 
6.  COVENANTS.
 

  	6 	 

 

(a)        Non-Solicitation of Employees and Contractors. Executive agrees 
that during the term of his employment and for a period of twelve (12) 
months following Executive’s termination of employment for any reason, 
whether such termination is initiated by the Company or Executive, 
Executive shall not, directly or indirectly, without the prior written 
consent of the Company, whether or not such action is initiated by 
Executive: (i) solicit, encourage or attempt to solicit or encourage any 
employee or contractor of the Company to terminate such work relationship, 
(ii) solicit, encourage or attempt to solicit or encourage any employee or 
contractor of the Company to be employed by or provide services to any 
person or entity other than the Company, or (iii) hire, employ or engage 
any employee or contractor of the Company to work for a person or entity 
other than the Company. The foregoing obligations shall apply to any 
employee or contractor of the Company at the time Executive’s employment is 
terminated as well as any such individuals who, either coincident with or 
within twelve (12) months before the termination of Executive’s employment 
hereunder, terminated their employment or engagement with the Company.
 
(b)       Non-Interference With Business Relations. Executive agrees that 
during the term of his employment and for a period of twelve (12) months 
immediately following the termination of his relationship with the Company 
for any reason, whether such termination is initiated by the Company or 
Executive, he will not, directly or indirectly, without the prior written 
consent of the Company, whether or not such action is initiated by 
Executive: (i) do anything or attempt to do anything to discredit or 
otherwise injure the reputation or goodwill of the Company; (ii) solicit, 
induce, encourage or attempt to solicit, induce or encourage any party or 
any existing or prospective counterparty including, but not limited to, any 
advertiser, vendor, customer, employee, contractor, distributor, 
manufacturer or any other existing or prospective professional or business 
relation of the Company to not conduct business with the Company, divert 
away any business from the Company, or to cease, limit or reduce the level 
of business conducted between such business relation and the Company; or 
(iii) in any way interfere or attempt to interfere with the Company’s 
relationship with any party or existing or prospective counterparty, 
including, but not limited to, any advertiser, customer, employee, 
independent contractor, distributor, manufacturer or other professional or 
business relation of the Company.
 
(c)        Non-Competition. Executive agrees that during the term of his 
employment and for a period of twelve (12) months immediately following the 
termination of his relationship with the Company for any reason, whether 
such termination is initiated by the Company or Executive, he will not, 
directly or indirectly, without the prior written consent of the Company, 
whether paid or not: (i) serve as a partner, principal, licensor, licensee, 
employee, consultant, contractor, officer, director, manager, agent, 
affiliate, representative, advisor, promoter, associate, investor, 
creditor, or otherwise in any other capacity for, (ii) own, purchase, 
organize, or take preparatory steps for the organization or competition of, 
or (iii) build, design, finance, acquire, lease, operate, manage, control, 
invest in, advise, work or consult for or otherwise join, participate in or 
affiliate himself with, any business whose business, products or operations 
are competitive (including by planning or proposing to be competitive) with 
the Company’s data management and data protection business. The foregoing 
covenant shall cover Executive’s activities in every part of the world. 
Should Executive obtain other employment during his employment with the 
Company or within twelve (12) months immediately following the termination 
of his relationship with the Company, Executive agrees to provide written 
notification to the Company as to the name and address of his new employer, 
the position that he expects to hold, and a general description of his 
duties and responsibilities, at least five (5) business days prior to 
starting such employment.
 

  	7 	 

 

(d)       Restrictive Covenant Agreement. Executive agrees and acknowledges 
that Executive has agreed to be bound by and comply with the terms, 
conditions and restrictions contained in the Restrictive Covenant 
Agreement.
 
(e)        Acknowledgement. Executive acknowledges and agrees that: (i) the 
business in which the Company is engaged is intensely competitive, (ii) 
Executive’s employment by the Company will require Executive to have access 
to, and knowledge of confidential information, which is of vital importance 
to the success of the Company, (iii) the disclosure or improper use of any 
confidential information could place the Company at a serious competitive 
disadvantage and could do them serious damage, financial and otherwise, 
(iv) Executive will develop relationships with clients and business 
partners pursuant to this Agreement at the time and expense of the Company, 
and (v) by Executive’s training, experience and expertise, Executive’s 
services to the Company are extraordinary, special and unique. Executive 
agrees and acknowledges that each restrictive covenant in this Section 6 
(including, for all purposes of this Section 6(e), each restrictive 
covenant contained in the Restricted Covenant Agreement) is reasonable as 
to duration, terms and geographical area and that the same protects the 
legitimate interests of the Company and its Affiliates, including the 
protection and continuity of the business and goodwill of the Company, 
imposes no undue hardship on Executive, is not injurious to the public, and 
that, notwithstanding any provision in this Agreement to the contrary, any 
violation of this restrictive covenant shall be specifically enforceable in 
any court of competent jurisdiction. Executive agrees and acknowledges that 
a portion of the compensation paid to Executive under this Agreement will 
be paid in consideration of the covenants contained in this Section 6, the 
sufficiency of which consideration is hereby acknowledged. If any provision 
of this Section 6 as applied to Executive or to any circumstance is 
adjudged by a court with competent jurisdiction to be invalid or 
unenforceable, the same shall in no way affect any other circumstance or 
the validity or enforceability of any other provisions of this Section 6. 
If the scope of any such provision, or any part thereof, is too broad to 
permit enforcement of such provision to its full extent, Executive agrees 
that the court making such determination shall have the power to reduce the 
duration and/or area of such provision, and/or to delete specific words or 
phrases, and in its reduced form, such provision shall then be enforceable 
and shall be enforced. Executive agrees and acknowledges that the breach of 
this Section 6 will cause irreparable injury to the Company and upon breach 
of any provision of this Section 6, the Company shall be entitled to 
injunctive relief, specific performance or other equitable relief by any 
court with competent jurisdiction without the need to prove the inadequacy 
of monetary damages or post a bond; provided, however, that this shall in 
no way limit any other remedies which the Company may have (including, 
without limitation, the right to seek monetary damages). Each of the 
covenants in this Section 6 shall be construed as an agreement independent 
of any other provisions in this Agreement.
 
(f)        Definition of “the Company” for Section 6. For purposes of this 
Section 6, “the Company” refers to the Company and any incorporated or 
unincorporated Affiliates, including any entity which becomes Executive’s 
employer as a result of any transaction, reorganization or restructuring of 
the Company for any reason.
 
Nothing contained in this Section 6 shall limit any common law or statutory 
obligation that Executive may have to the Company or an Affiliate. The 
Company shall be entitled, in connection with its tax planning or other 
reasons, to terminate Executive’s employment (which termination shall not 
be considered a termination without Cause for purposes of this Agreement or 
otherwise) in connection with an invitation from an Affiliate to accept 
employment with such Affiliate.
 

  	8 	 

 

7.  SECTION 280G. Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the 
contrary, in the event that any payment or benefit received or to be 
received by Executive (including any payment or benefit received in 
connection with a “Change in Control” (as defined in the Company 2013 
Omnibus Equity Incentive Plan) or the termination of Executive’s 
employment, whether pursuant to the terms of this Agreement or any other 
plan, arrangement or agreement) (all such payments and benefits being 
hereinafter referred to as the “Total Payments”) would not be deductible 
(in whole or part) by the Company or any of its subsidiaries or Affiliates 
making such payment or providing such benefit as a result of Section 280G 
of the Code, then, to the extent necessary to make such portion of the 
Total Payments deductible (and after taking into account any reduction in 
the Total Payments provided by reason of Section 280G of the Code in such 
other plan, arrangement or agreement), the portion of the Total Payments 
that do not constitute deferred compensation within the meaning of Section 
409A of the Code shall first be reduced (if necessary, to zero), and all 
other Total Payments shall thereafter be reduced (if necessary, to zero).

8.  ASSIGNMENT. This Agreement, and all of the terms and conditions hereof, 
shall bind the Company and its successors and assigns and shall bind 
Executive and Executive’s heirs, executors and administrators. No transfer 
or assignment of this Agreement shall release the Company from any 
obligation to Executive hereunder. Neither this Agreement, nor any of the 
Company’s rights or obligations hereunder, may be assigned or otherwise 
subject to hypothecation by Executive, and any such attempted assignment or 
hypothecation shall be null and void. The Company may assign the rights and 
obligations of the Company hereunder, in whole or in part, to any of the 
Company’s subsidiaries, Affiliates or parent corporations, or to any other 
successor or assign in connection with the sale of all or substantially all 
of the Company’s assets or stock or in connection with any merger, 
acquisition and/or reorganization, provided the assignee assumes the 
obligations of the Company hereunder.

9.  GENERAL.
 
(a)        Notices. All notices or other communications required or 
permitted under this Agreement shall be made in writing and shall be deemed 
given if delivered personally or sent by nationally recognized overnight 
courier service. Any notice or other communication shall be deemed given on 
the date of delivery or on the date one (1) business day after it shall 
have been given to a nationally-recognized overnight courier service. All 
such notices or communications shall be delivered to the recipient at the 
addresses indicated below:
 
To the Company:
 
          Varonis Systems, Inc.
          1250 Broadway, 29th Floor
          New York, NY 10001
          Attention: General Counsel
 

  	9 	 

 

To Executive:
 
          at the address as it appears in the Company’s books and records
          or at such other place as Executive shall have designated by
          notice as herein provided to the Company.
 
(b)       Severability. Any provision in this Agreement which is prohibited 
or unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall, as to such jurisdiction, be 
ineffective to the extent of such prohibition or unenforceability without 
invalidating the remaining provisions hereof, and any such prohibition or 
unenforceability in any jurisdiction shall not invalidate or render 
unenforceable such provision in any other jurisdiction. To the fullest 
extent permitted by applicable law, the parties hereby waive any provision 
of law which may render any provision hereof prohibited or unenforceable in 
any respect.
 
(c)        Entire Agreement. This Agreement constitutes the entire 
agreement of the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and may 
not be modified or amended except by a written agreement signed by the 
Company and Executive. As of the Effective Date, this Agreement supersedes 
any prior agreements or understandings between the parties with respect to 
the subject matter hereof, including the Original Agreement. Executive 
represents that he is free to enter into this Agreement without violating 
any agreement or covenant with, or obligation to, any other entity or 
individual.
 
(d)       Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed by the parties 
hereto in separate counterparts, each of which when so executed and 
delivered shall be an original, but all such counterparts shall together 
constitute one and the same agreement, and all signatures need not appear 
on any one counterpart.
 
(e)        Amendments. No amendments or other modifications to this 
Agreement may be made except by a writing signed by all parties. No 
amendment or waiver of this Agreement requires the consent of any 
individual, partnership, corporation or other entity not a party to this 
Agreement. Nothing in this Agreement, express or implied, is intended to 
confer upon any third person any rights or remedies under or by reason of 
this Agreement.
 
(f)        Governing Law; Dispute Resolution. This Agreement shall be 
governed by, and construed and enforced in accordance with, the laws of the 
State of Delaware, without regard to any choice-of-law rules thereof which 
might apply the laws of any other jurisdiction. To the fullest extent 
permitted by law, the resolution of all disputes arising under, or relating 
to, this Agreement shall be governed by, and construed and enforced in 
accordance with, the arbitration provision of the Restrictive Covenant 
Agreement.
 
(g)       Survivorship. The provisions of this Agreement necessary to carry 
out the intention of the parties as expressed herein shall survive the 
termination or expiration of this Agreement.
 
(h)       Waiver. The waiver by either party of the other party’s prompt 
and complete performance, or breach or violation, of any provision of this 
Agreement shall not operate nor be construed as a waiver of any subsequent 
breach or violation, and the failure by any party hereto to exercise any 
right or remedy which it may possess hereunder shall not operate nor be 
construed as a bar to the exercise of such right or remedy by such party 
upon the occurrence of any subsequent breach or violation. No waiver shall 
be deemed to have occurred unless set forth in a writing executed by or on 
behalf of the waiving party. No such written waiver shall be deemed a 
continuing waiver unless specifically stated therein, and each such waiver 
shall operate only as to the specific term or condition waived and shall 
not constitute a waiver of such term or condition for the future or as to 
any act other than that specifically waived.
 

  	10 	 

 

(i)         Section Headings. The section headings contained herein are for 
the purposes of convenience only and are not intended to define or limit 
the contents of said sections.
 
(j)         Construction. The parties acknowledge that this Agreement is 
the result of arm’s-length negotiations between sophisticated parties, each 
afforded representation by legal counsel. Each and every provision of this 
Agreement shall be construed as though both parties participated equally in 
the drafting of the same, and any rule of construction that a document 
shall be construed against the drafting party shall not be applicable to 
this Agreement.
 
(k)       Cooperation. Executive agrees that, subsequent to any termination 
of his employment, he will continue to cooperate with the Company in the 
prosecution and/or defense of any claim in which the Company may have an 
interest (with the right of reimbursement for reasonable out-of-pocket 
expenses actually incurred) which may include, without limitation, being 
available to participate in any proceeding involving the Company, 
permitting interviews with representatives of the Company, appearing for 
depositions and trial testimony, and producing and/or providing any 
documents or names of other persons with relevant information in 
Executive’s possession or control arising out of his employment in a 
reasonable time, place and manner.
 
 
[Signature Page Follows]
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

  	11 	 

 

 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Agreement as of the 
first date written above.
 
 
  	VARONIS SYSTEMS, INC. 	 
  	  	 
  	By: 	/s/ Yakov Faitelson 	
  	  	Name: 	Yakov Faitelson 	 
  	  	Title: 	Chief Executive Officer 	 
  	  	  	  	 
  	EXECUTIVE 	 
  	  	  	  	 
  	By: 	/s/ Guy Melamed 	 
  	  	Name: 	Guy Melamed 	 