 EX-10.2 7 ex10_2.htm EXHIBIT 10.2
------------------------------------------------------------------------
Exhibit 10.2
 

 
February 7, 2017

Andrea Betti-Berutto

Dear Andrea:

As you know, Integrated Device Technology, Inc. (“IDT”) and GigPeak, Inc. 
(“GigPeak”) are entering into an agreement pursuant to which GigPeak will 
become a wholly owned subsidiary of IDT (the “Merger”).  In connection with 
the Merger, we are pleased to offer you the following employment package 
with IDT.    Effective immediately at the closing of the merger, your title 
with IDT will be Fellow in our San Jose office.

For a short period of time, GigPeak will be a wholly-owned subsidiary of 
IDT, and you will be employed by GigPeak, the IDT subsidiary.  Thereafter, 
you will transfer to the parent company, IDT (your “IDT Start Date”).  We 
currently anticipate this transfer to occur within 90 days following the 
close.  We will communicate with you further on the status of the 
harmonization schedule as that date approaches.  In the meantime, by 
signing this letter, you agree that as of the date of the closing of the 
Merger, the terms of employment for your San Jose based IDT position will 
be as follows:

Salary: 	
$269,954 annually; $10,383.85 payable biweekly.

Status: 	
Full time / Exempt

  	Signing Bonus: 	
You will receive a one-time cash-signing bonus of $396,337, subject to 
applicable taxes and withholdings, which is be paid to you on the first 
regular pay cycle immediately following the closing of the Merger.

Bonus Plan: 	
After the close of the merger, you will be eligible participate in IDT’s 
Annual Incentive Plan (AIP) pursuant to the terms of the Plan. Your 
participation will be at an annual target of 40% of your base earnings.

Equity: 	
After the closing of the Merger, you will participate in IDT’s 2004 Equity 
Plan as amended from time to time.  Conditional upon approval from our 
Board of Directors, you will receive:

(i) 	
A Restricted Stock Unit (“RSU”) grant with a value equal to $500,000 on the 
date of grant that will vest over a four year period, subject to your 
continued service with an IDT entity, and subject to the terms of the IDT 
2004 Equity Plan.  This award will be delivered on or about the 15th day of 
the month following the last day of the month in which the closing of the 
merger occurs.

(ii) 	
A RSU grant with a value equal to $250,000 on the date of grant, and to be 
awarded on or about the 15th day of the month (grant date) immediately 
following the closing of the merger. This award will vest a year following 
the date of grant.

(iii) 	
On the closing date of the Merger, your vested an unvested stock options 
and restricted stock units will be cancelled and converted into the right 
to receive a cash payment as set forth in the Merger agreement.
 

Integrated Device Technology, Inc.  6024 Silver Creek Valley Rd., San Jose, 
CA 95138  Tel (800) 345 7015  Fax (408) 284 1442  www. IDT.com

------------------------------------------------------------------------

 

Benefits: 	
On the date closing date of the merger, you will continue on your current 
health and welfare and retirement benefit plans such as medical, dental, 
vision, 401k and life insurance.  Beginning on your IDT Start Date, you 
will be eligible for IDT’s full range of U.S. employee benefits including 
medical, dental, vision, life, disability, and 401(k) plan participation.  
You will be given credit for your years of service with GigPeak for 
purposes of certain IDT benefits, including vacation entitlement.  Based on 
your bridged service date (June 11, 2001), you will earn 4 weeks of 
vacation per year.  You acknowledge and agree that your accrued but unused 
paid vacation with GigPeak will be assumed by IDT at the closing of the 
Merger, and you shall be permitted to use such accrued but unused paid 
vacation in accordance with IDT vacation policies.  A summary of our 
benefits programs is attached as Exhibit A.

Employment with IDT is at the mutual consent of the employee and IDT.  
Accordingly, as a U.S.-based employee, you and IDT retain the right to 
terminate the employment relationship at will, at any time, with or without 
cause.  Please understand that no representative of IDT other than the CEO 
has the authority to make any contrary agreement or representation, and 
that such agreement made by the CEO changing your at-will status must be in 
writing and signed by you and me.

You acknowledge and agree that this offer letter and the changes to your 
employment described herein do not constitute a termination without cause 
or a resignation for good reason or any terms of similar effect under the 
terms of any plan, policy or agreement with GigPeak, and that the signing 
bonus is being paid to you in exchange for this express acknowledgement and 
agreement.

This offer is contingent upon IDT’s completion of a standard background 
check. In order to comply with the Immigration Reform and Control Act of 
1986, this offer also is contingent upon you providing proof of eligibility 
to work in the United States.

This offer is contingent upon IDT’s completion of a standard background 
check. In order to comply with the Immigration Reform and Control Act of 
1986, this offer also is contingent upon you providing proof of eligibility 
to work in the United States.

During the first week of your employment you will be required to sign an 
Employee Confidentiality and Invention Agreement, a form of which is 
attached as Exhibit B to this offer letter.

Because of the responsibilities associated with this position, it is 
essential that our office receive your acceptance of this package offer no 
later than February 10, 2017.  This offer is contingent on the successful 
closing of the Merger.  Effective as of the closing of the Merger, this 
offer letter will become our binding agreement with respect to your 
employment and its terms. It will merge and  supersede in their entirety 
all other or prior offers, agreements and communications, whether written 
or oral, by you and GigPeak relating to the terms and conditions of your 
employment[, including, without limitation, that certain Third Amended and 
Restated Employment Agreement between you and GigPeak, Inc. dated November 
17, 2016.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, any confidential or proprietary 
information and inventions agreement between you and GigPeak will remain in 
effect as it pertains to subject matters existing prior to the closing of 
the Merger.


Integrated Device Technology, Inc.  6024 Silver Creek Valley Rd., San Jose, 
CA 95138  Tel (800) 345 7015  Fax (408) 284 1442  www. IDT.com

------------------------------------------------------------------------

 

Andrea, I look forward to your contributions as a key member of IDT.   
Please call me directly to discuss any questions you have regarding this 
offer or your role at IDT.

Sincerely,

Anja Hamilton
Vice President, Global Human Resources
 
  	 
  	
Andrea Betti-Berutto Signature of Acceptance
  	 
  	 
  	
Date


Integrated Device Technology, Inc.  6024 Silver Creek Valley Rd., San Jose, 
CA 95138  Tel (800) 345 7015  Fax (408) 284 1442  www. IDT.com
------------------------------------------------------------------------