 EX-10.2 5 a8-kmay2017offeringex102.htm EXHIBIT 10.2


Exhibit 10.2
[hcw.jpg]


                                                            May 9, 2017

STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL
Bellerophon Therapeutics, Inc.
184 Liberty Corner Road, Suite 302
Warren, New Jersey 07059

Attn: Fabian Tenenbaum, CEO

Dear Mr. Tenenbaum:

This letter agreement (this “Agreement”) constitutes the agreement between 
Bellerophon Therapeutics, Inc. (the “Company”) and H.C. Wainwright & Co., 
LLC (“Wainwright”) that Wainwright shall serve as the exclusive agent, 
advisor or underwriter in any offering (each, an “Offering”) of securities 
of the Company (“Securities”) during the Term (as defined below) of this 
Agreement. The terms of each Offering and the Securities issued in 
connection therewith shall be mutually agreed upon by the Company and 
Wainwright and nothing herein implies that Wainwright would have the power 
or authority to bind the Company and nothing herein implies that the 
Company shall have an obligation to issue any Securities. It is understood 
that Wainwright’s assistance in an Offering will be subject to the 
satisfactory completion of such investigation and inquiry into the affairs 
of the Company as Wainwright deems appropriate under the circumstances and 
to the receipt of all internal approvals of Wainwright in connection with 
the transaction. The Company expressly acknowledges and agrees that 
Wainwright’s involvement in an Offering is strictly on a reasonable best 
efforts basis and that the consummation of an Offering will be subject to, 
among other things, market conditions. The execution of this Agreement does 
not constitute a commitment by Wainwright to purchase the Securities and 
does not ensure a successful Offering of the Securities or the success of 
Wainwright with respect to securing any other financing on behalf of the 
Company. Wainwright may retain other brokers, dealers, agents or 
underwriters on its behalf in connection with an Offering.

      A.Compensation; Reimbursement. At the closing of each Offering (each,
      a “Closing”), the Company shall compensate Wainwright as follows:

      1.Cash Fee. The Company shall pay to Wainwright a cash fee, or as to
      an underwritten Offering an underwriter discount, equal to 7.0% of
      the aggregate gross proceeds raised in each Offering.

      2.Warrant Coverage. The Company shall issue to Wainwright or its
      designees at each Closing, warrants (the “Wainwright Warrants”) to
      purchase that number of shares of common stock of the Company equal
      to 3.0% of the aggregate number of shares of common stock placed in
      each Offering (and if an Offering includes a “greenshoe” or
      “additional investment” option component, such number of shares of
      common stock underlying such additional option component, with the
      Wainwright Warrants issuable upon the exercise of such option). If
      the Securities included in an Offering are convertible, the
      Wainwright Warrants shall be determined by dividing the gross
      proceeds raised in such Offering divided by the Offering Price (as
      defined hereunder). The Wainwright Warrants shall have the same terms
      as the warrants issued to investors in the applicable Offering,
      except that such Wainwright Warrants shall have an exercise price
      equal to 125% of the offering price per share (or unit, if
      applicable) in the applicable Offering and if such offering price is
      not available, the market price of the common stock on the date an
      Offering is commenced (such price, the “Offering Price”). If no
      warrants are issued to investors in an Offering, the Wainwright
      Warrants shall be in a customary form reasonably acceptable to
      Wainwright, have a term of five (5) years and an exercise price equal
      to 125% of the Offering Price.

      3.Expense Allowance. Out of the proceeds of each Closing, the Company
      also agrees to pay Wainwright $50,000 for non-accountable expenses of
      Wainwright; plus the additional reimbursable amount


------------------------------------------------------------------------


      payable by the Company pursuant to Paragraph D.3 hereunder (provided
      , however, that such reimbursement amount in no way limits or impairs
      the indemnification and contribution provisions of this Agreement).

      4.Tail Fee. Wainwright shall be entitled to compensation under
      clauses (1) and (2) hereunder, calculated in the manner set forth
      therein, with respect to any public or private offering or other
      financing or capital-raising transaction of any kind (“Tail Financing
      ”) to the extent that such financing or capital is provided to the
      Company by investors whom Wainwright had contacted during the Term,
      or introduced, directly or indirectly, to the Company during the
      Term, if such Tail Financing is consummated at any time within the
      3-month period following the expiration or termination of this
      Agreement.

      B.Term and Termination of Engagement; Exclusivity. The term of
      Wainwright’s exclusive engagement will begin on the date hereof and
      end 10 days after the date hereof (the “Term”). Notwithstanding
      anything to the contrary contained herein, the Company agrees that
      the provisions relating to the payment of fees, reimbursement of
      expenses, indemnification and contribution, confidentiality,
      conflicts, independent contractor and waiver of the right to trial by
      jury will survive any termination of this Agreement. During
      Wainwright’s engagement hereunder: (i) the Company will not, and will
      not permit its representatives to, other than in coordination with
      Wainwright, contact or solicit institutions, corporations or other
      entities or individuals as potential purchasers of the Securities and
      (ii) the Company will not pursue any financing transaction which
      would be in lieu of an Offering. Furthermore, the Company agrees that
      during Wainwright’s engagement hereunder, all inquiries, whether
      direct or indirect, from prospective investors will be referred to
      Wainwright and will be deemed to have been contacted by Wainwright in
      connection with an Offering. Additionally, except as set forth
      hereunder, the Company represents, warrants and covenants that no
      brokerage or finder’s fees or commissions are or will be payable by
      the Company or any subsidiary of the Company to any broker, financial
      advisor or consultant, finder, placement agent, investment banker,
      bank or other third-party with respect to any Offering.

      C.Information; Reliance. The Company shall furnish, or cause to be
      furnished, to Wainwright all information requested by Wainwright for
      the purpose of rendering services hereunder (all such information
      being the “Information”). In addition, the Company agrees to make
      available to Wainwright upon request from time to time the officers,
      directors, accountants, counsel and other advisors of the Company.
      The Company recognizes and confirms that Wainwright (a) will use and
      rely on the Information, including any documents provided to
      investors in each Offering (the “Offering Documents” which shall
      include any Purchase Agreements (as defined below)), and on
      information available from generally recognized public sources in
      performing the services contemplated by this Agreement without having
      independently verified the same; (b) does not assume responsibility
      for the accuracy or completeness of the Offering Documents or the
      Information and such other information; and (c) will not make an
      appraisal of any of the assets or liabilities of the Company. Upon
      reasonable request, the Company will meet with Wainwright or its
      representatives to discuss all information relevant for disclosure in
      the Offering Documents and will cooperate in any investigation
      undertaken by Wainwright thereof, including any document included or
      incorporated by reference therein. At each Offering, at the request
      of Wainwright, the Company shall deliver such legal letters, comfort
      letters and officer’s certificates, all in form and substance
      reasonably satisfactory to Wainwright and its counsel as is customary
      for such Offering. Wainwright shall be a third party beneficiary of
      any representations, warranties, covenants and closing conditions
      made by the Company in any Offering Documents, including
      representations, warranties, covenants and closing conditions made to
      any investor in an Offering.

      D.Related Agreements. At each Offering, the Company shall enter into
      the following additional agreements:

      1.Underwritten Offering. If an Offering is an underwritten Offering,
      the Company and Wainwright shall enter into a customary underwriting
      agreement in form and substance satisfactory to Wainwright and its
      counsel.

      2.Best Efforts Offering. If an Offering is on a best efforts basis,
      the sale of Securities to the investors in the Offering will be
      evidenced by a purchase agreement (“Purchase Agreement”) between the


------------------------------------------------------------------------


      Company and such investors in a form reasonably satisfactory to the
      Company and Wainwright. Wainwright shall be a third party beneficiary
      with respect to the representations and warranties included in the
      Purchase Agreement. Prior to the signing of any Purchase Agreement,
      officers of the Company with responsibility for financial affairs
      will be available to answer inquiries from prospective investors.

      3.Settlement. If the Offering is settled in whole or in part via
      delivery versus payment (“DVP”), Wainwright shall arrange for its
      clearing agent to provide the funds to facilitate such settlement.
      The Company shall reimburse Wainwright up to $10,000 for the actual
      out of pocket cost of such clearing agent settlement and financing,
      if any.

      4.FINRA Amendments. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary,
      in the event that Wainwright determines that any of the terms
      provided for hereunder shall not comply with a FINRA rule, including
      but not limited to FINRA Rule 5110, then the Company shall agree to
      amend this Agreement (or include such revisions in the final
      underwriting) in writing upon the request of Wainwright to comply
      with any such rules; provided that any such amendments shall not
      provide for terms that are less favorable to the Company.

      E.Confidentiality. In the event of the consummation or public
      announcement of any Offering, Wainwright shall have the right to
      disclose its participation in such Offering, including, without
      limitation, the Offering at its cost of “tombstone” advertisements in
      financial and other newspapers and journals.

      F.Indemnity.

      1.    In connection with the Company’s engagement of Wainwright as
      Offering agent, the Company hereby agrees to indemnify and hold
      harmless Wainwright and its affiliates, and the respective
      controlling persons, directors, officers, members, shareholders,
      agents and employees of any of the foregoing (collectively the “
      Indemnified Persons”), from and against any and all claims, actions,
      suits, proceedings (including those of shareholders), damages,
      liabilities and expenses incurred by any of them (including the
      reasonable fees and expenses of counsel), as incurred, (collectively
      a “Claim”), that are (A) related to or arise out of (i) any actions
      taken or omitted to be taken (including any untrue statements made or
      any statements omitted to be made) by the Company, or (ii) any
      actions taken or omitted to be taken by any Indemnified Person in
      connection with the Company’s engagement of Wainwright, or (B)
      otherwise relate to or arise out of Wainwright’s activities on the
      Company’s behalf under Wainwright’s engagement, and the Company shall
      reimburse any Indemnified Person for all expenses (including the
      reasonable fees and expenses of counsel) as incurred by such
      Indemnified Person in connection with investigating, preparing or
      defending any such claim, action, suit or proceeding, whether or not
      in connection with pending or threatened litigation in which any
      Indemnified Person is a party. The Company will not, however, be
      responsible for any Claim that is finally judicially determined to
      have resulted from the gross negligence or willful misconduct of any
      person seeking indemnification for such Claim. The Company further
      agrees that no Indemnified Person shall have any liability to the
      Company for or in connection with the Company’s engagement of
      Wainwright except for any Claim incurred by the Company as a result
      of such Indemnified Person’s gross negligence or willful misconduct.

      2.    The Company further agrees that it will not, without the prior
      written consent of Wainwright, settle, compromise or consent to the
      entry of any judgment in any pending or threatened Claim in respect
      of which indemnification may be sought hereunder (whether or not any
      Indemnified Person is an actual or potential party to such Claim),
      unless such settlement, compromise or consent includes an
      unconditional, irrevocable release of each Indemnified Person from
      any and all liability arising out of such Claim.

      3.    Promptly upon receipt by an Indemnified Person of notice of any
      complaint or the assertion or institution of any Claim with respect
      to which indemnification is being sought hereunder, such Indemnified
      Person shall notify the Company in writing of such complaint or of
      such assertion or institution but failure to so notify the Company
      shall not relieve the Company from any obligation it may have
      hereunder, except and only to the extent such failure results in the
      forfeiture by the Company of substantial rights and defenses. If the
      Company so elects or is requested by such Indemnified Person, the
      Company will assume the defense of


------------------------------------------------------------------------


      such Claim, including the employment of counsel reasonably
      satisfactory to such Indemnified Person and the payment of the fees
      and expenses of such counsel. In the event, however, that legal
      counsel to such Indemnified Person reasonably determines that having
      common counsel would present such counsel with a conflict of interest
      or if the defendant in, or target of, any such Claim, includes an
      Indemnified Person and the Company, and legal counsel to such
      Indemnified Person reasonably concludes that there may be legal
      defenses available to it or other Indemnified Persons different from
      or in addition to those available to the Company, then such
      Indemnified Person may employ its own separate counsel to represent
      or defend him, her or it in any such Claim and the Company shall pay
      the reasonable fees and expenses of such counsel. Notwithstanding
      anything herein to the contrary, if the Company fails timely or
      diligently to defend, contest, or otherwise protect against any
      Claim, the relevant Indemnified Party shall have the right, but not
      the obligation, to defend, contest, compromise, settle, assert
      crossclaims, or counterclaims or otherwise protect against the same,
      and shall be fully indemnified by the Company therefor, including
      without limitation, for the reasonable fees and expenses of its
      counsel and all amounts paid as a result of such Claim or the
      compromise or settlement thereof. In addition, with respect to any
      Claim in which the Company assumes the defense, the Indemnified
      Person shall have the right to participate in such Claim and to
      retain his, her or its own counsel therefor at his, her or its own
      expense.

      4.    The Company agrees that if any indemnity sought by an
      Indemnified Person hereunder is held by a court to be unavailable for
      any reason then (whether or not Wainwright is the Indemnified
      Person), the Company and Wainwright shall contribute to the Claim for
      which such indemnity is held unavailable in such proportion as is
      appropriate to reflect the relative benefits to the Company, on the
      one hand, and Wainwright on the other, in connection with
      Wainwright’s engagement referred to above, subject to the limitation
      that in no event shall the amount of Wainwright’s contribution to
      such Claim exceed the amount of fees actually received by Wainwright
      from the Company pursuant to Wainwright’s engagement. The Company
      hereby agrees that the relative benefits to the Company, on the one
      hand, and Wainwright on the other, with respect to Wainwright’s
      engagement shall be deemed to be in the same proportion as (a) the
      total value paid or proposed to be paid or received by the Company
      pursuant to the applicable Offering (whether or not consummated) for
      which Wainwright is engaged to render services bears to (b) the fee
      paid or proposed to be paid to Wainwright in connection with such
      engagement.

      5.    The Company’s indemnity, reimbursement and contribution
      obligations under this Agreement (a) shall be in addition to, and
      shall in no way limit or otherwise adversely affect any rights that
      any Indemnified Party may have at law or at equity and (b) shall be
      effective whether or not the Company is at fault in any way.

      G.Limitation of Engagement to the Company. The Company acknowledges
      that Wainwright has been retained only by the Company, that
      Wainwright is providing services hereunder as an independent
      contractor (and not in any fiduciary or agency capacity) and that the
      Company’s engagement of Wainwright is not deemed to be on behalf of,
      and is not intended to confer rights upon, any shareholder, owner or
      partner of the Company or any other person not a party hereto as
      against Wainwright or any of its affiliates, or any of its or their
      respective officers, directors, controlling persons (within the
      meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act or Section 20 of the
      Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”)),
      employees or agents. Unless otherwise expressly agreed in writing by
      Wainwright, no one other than the Company is authorized to rely upon
      this Agreement or any other statements or conduct of Wainwright, and
      no one other than the Company is intended to be a beneficiary of this
      Agreement. The Company acknowledges that any recommendation or
      advice, written or oral, given by Wainwright to the Company in
      connection with Wainwright’s engagement is intended solely for the
      benefit and use of the Company’s management and directors in
      considering a possible Offering, and any such recommendation or
      advice is not on behalf of, and shall not confer any rights or
      remedies upon, any other person or be used or relied upon for any
      other purpose. Wainwright shall not have the authority to make any
      commitment binding on the Company. The Company, in its sole
      discretion, shall have the right to reject any investor introduced to
      it by Wainwright.

      H.Limitation of Wainwright’s Liability to the Company. Wainwright and
      the Company further agree that neither Wainwright nor any of its
      affiliates or any of its their respective officers, directors,
      controlling


------------------------------------------------------------------------


      persons (within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act or
      Section 20 of the Exchange Act), employees or agents shall have any
      liability to the Company, its security holders or creditors, or any
      person asserting claims on behalf of or in the right of the Company
      (whether direct or indirect, in contract, tort, for an act of
      negligence or otherwise) for any losses, fees, damages, liabilities,
      costs, expenses or equitable relief arising out of or relating to
      this Agreement or the services rendered hereunder, except for losses,
      fees, damages, liabilities, costs or expenses that arise out of or
      are based on any action of or failure to act by Wainwright and that
      are finally judicially determined to have resulted solely from the
      gross negligence or willful misconduct of Wainwright.

      I.Governing Law. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in
      accordance with the laws of the State of New York applicable to
      agreements made and to be fully performed therein. Any disputes that
      arise under this Agreement, even after the termination of this
      Agreement, will be heard only in the state or federal courts located
      in the City of New York, State of New York. The parties hereto
      expressly agree to submit themselves to the jurisdiction of the
      foregoing courts in the City of New York, State of New York. The
      parties hereto expressly waive any rights they may have to contest
      the jurisdiction, venue or authority of any court sitting in the City
      and State of New York. In the event Wainwright or any Indemnified
      Person is successful in any action, or suit against the Company,
      arising out of or relating to this Agreement, the final judgment or
      award entered shall be entitled to have and recover from the Company
      the costs and expenses incurred in connection therewith, including
      its reasonable attorneys’ fees. Any rights to trial by jury with
      respect to any such action, proceeding or suit are hereby waived by
      Wainwright and the Company.

      J.Notices. All notices hereunder will be in writing and sent by
      certified mail, hand delivery, overnight delivery or fax, if sent to
      Wainwright, to H. C. Wainwright & Co. LLC, at the address set forth
      on the first page hereof, e-mail: notices@hcwco.com, Attention: Head
      of Investment Banking, and if sent to the Company, to the address set
      forth on the first page hereof, fax number __________________
      Attention: Chief Executive Officer. Notices sent by certified mail
      shall be deemed received five days thereafter, notices sent by hand
      delivery or overnight delivery shall be deemed received on the date
      of the relevant written record of receipt, and notices delivered by
      fax shall be deemed received as of the date and time printed thereon
      by the fax machine.

      K.Conflicts. The Company acknowledges that Wainwright and its
      affiliates may have and may continue to have investment banking and
      other relationships with parties other than the Company pursuant to
      which Wainwright may acquire information of interest to the Company.
      Wainwright shall have no obligation to disclose such information to
      the Company or to use such information in connection with any
      contemplated transaction.

      L.Anti-Money Laundering. To help the United States government fight
      the funding of terrorism and money laundering, the federal laws of
      the United States requires all financial institutions to obtain,
      verify and record information that identifies each person with whom
      they do business. This means we must ask you for certain identifying
      information, including a government-issued identification number
      (e.g., a U.S. taxpayer identification number) and such other
      information or documents that we consider appropriate to verify your
      identity, such as certified articles of incorporation, a
      government-issued business license, a partnership agreement or a
      trust instrument.

      M.Miscellaneous. The Company represents and warrants that it has all
      requisite power and authority to enter into and carry out the terms
      and provisions of this Agreement and the execution, delivery and
      performance of this Agreement does not breach or conflict with any
      agreement, document or instrument to which it is a party or bound.
      This Agreement shall not be modified or amended except in writing
      signed by Wainwright and the Company. This Agreement shall be binding
      upon and inure to the benefit of both Wainwright and the Company and
      their respective assigns, successors, and legal representatives. This
      Agreement constitutes the entire agreement of Wainwright and the
      Company with respect to this Offering and supersedes any prior
      agreements with respect to the subject matter hereof. If any
      provision of this Agreement is determined to be invalid or
      unenforceable in any respect, such determination will not affect such
      provision in any other respect, and the remainder of the Agreement
      shall remain in full force and effect. This Agreement


------------------------------------------------------------------------


      may be executed in counterparts (including facsimile counterparts),
      each of which shall be deemed an original but all of which together
      shall constitute one and the same instrument.

*********************
In acknowledgment that the foregoing correctly sets forth the understanding 
reached by Wainwright and the Company, please sign in the space provided 
below, whereupon this letter shall constitute a binding Agreement as of the 
date indicated above.

Very truly yours,

H.C. WAINWRIGHT & CO., LLC


By /s/ Edward D, Silvera________________
     Name: Edward D. Silvera
     Title: COO

Accepted and Agreed:

Bellerophon Therapeutics, Inc.
 



By /s/ Fabian Tenenbaum______________
        Name: Fabian Tenenbaum
Title: CEO


430 Park Avenue | New York, New York 10022 | 212.356.0500 | www.hcwco.com
Member: FINRA/SIPC





