 EX-10.7 8 atec-ex107_325.htm EX-10.7
 
EXHIBIT 10.7

January 23, 2017

Ebun Garner
6936 Brass Place
Carlsbad, CA 92009

Re:Resignation and Transition Agreement  

Dear Ebun,

This letter confirms your resignation from Alphatec Spine, Inc. (the 
“Company”).  You have been a long-term, valued member of the Company and 
its leadership team, and we desire your continued employment for a 
transition period, followed by ongoing consulting services for a term 
thereafter.  This letter contains the terms and conditions of your 
employment transition and consulting services (together, “the Services”).

Continuing Employment

You will remain a full-time employee of the Company through February 28, 
2017 (the “Employment Term”).  During the Employment Term, you will retain 
your current title (Senior Vice President, General Counsel & Corporate 
Secretary) and monthly rate of pay ($23,333.33), and all other employee 
benefits to which you are entitled, and will continue to perform the full 
responsibilities of this role, while engaging in any and all necessary 
activities to successfully transition all matters, procedural and 
substantive, to me, or any other designated subject matter successor.  The 
details and scheduling of transition activities will be determined mutually 
by us the week of January 23.

Consulting Services

After the Employment Term, you agree to provide consulting services through 
December 31, 2017 (the “Consulting Term”).  The consulting services will 
include the following material terms:

 

•

Scope of Services:  As reasonably requested, but including ongoing 
knowledge transfer regarding Company historical practices, processes and 
decision-making; assistance with factual development for existing 
litigation (actual and threatened); advice and counsel regarding corporate 
governance, Board meeting preparation and management; preparation, revision 
and review of public filings, etc.; and healthcare compliance initiatives 
and training.

 

•

Time Commitment:  Not to exceed 10 hours per month.

 

•

Location for Performance of Services:  The Consulting Services shall be 
provided via telephone conference or email, whenever practicable.  If 
circumstances reasonably require your presence at the Company, we will 
agree to a mutually acceptable date and time.

 

•

Consulting Fee:  $10,000 per month, payable on the 15th day of each month, 
through the Consulting Term.  You agree that this Consulting Fee is 
conditioned upon your continuing ability to provide the Consulting 
Services, as needed, and that in the event you take an opportunity that 
prevents you from being able to provide the Consulting Services, the 
Consulting Fee payments will cease.

 

•

Competitive Restriction and Additional Covenants:  During the term of the 
Services, you agree that you will not, on your own behalf or on behalf of 
any other person, partnership, association, corporation or other entity, 
use confidential and/or proprietary Company information to directly or 
indirectly solicit (either verbally or in writing), or in any manner 
influence or induce (or attempt to influence or induce) any surgeon, 
hospital, surgery center, supplier or agent of the Company to terminate, 
modify or amend its then-current relationship with the Company.  In 
addition, you further agree to honor the non-disclosure, non-solicitation 
and non-disparagement provisions as set forth in Sections 7.1, 7.2(b) and 
7.2(c) of your Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, dated July 17, 
2006 (the “Employment Agreement”), for the post-employment periods 
specified therein.

 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

Release of Claims and Related Consideration  

In exchange for your remaining through the Employment Term, and your 
execution of a release of claims (the Company’s standard form of agreement, 
with changes necessary to effectuate this letter), the Company shall 
provide you with the following consideration: (i) $23,333.33 per month, 
payable bi-weekly, subject to all tax withholdings, through December 31, 
2017; (ii) healthcare, vision and dental coverage for yourself and your 
family (should you make a timely COBRA election) through December 31, 2017 
(with a “gross-up” payment being made for any tax liabilities you incur 
related to such payments being made by the Company); and (iii) all of your 
outstanding stock options shall convert to non-qualified stock options and 
shall remain exercisable until each such stock option’s expiration date (as 
set forth in each option agreement).  In connection with this additional 
consideration, you agree to waive any right to, and immediately return to 
the Company, the option grant dated December 10, 2016.

This letter supersedes and replaces all other agreements, written or 
verbal, regarding the terms and conditions of your employment with the 
Company (except for Sections 7.1, 7.2(b), and 7.2(c) referenced above and 
incorporated herein).  Please sign and date this letter below, indicating 
your understanding and acceptance of this transitional role, and return the 
signed letter to me no later than Tuesday, January 24, 2017.

We thank you for your long, dedicated career with Alphatec Spine, and look 
forward to your continued engagement with the Company during the full term 
of the Services.
 
Sincerely,
 
/S/ Craig E. Hunsaker
Craig E. Hunsaker
Executive Vice President, People & Culture
 
Understood and accepted.
 
/S/ Ebun S. Garner
Ebun S. Garner


 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
March 6, 2017
Ebun Garner
6936 Brass Place
Carlsbad, CA 92009

Dear Ebun,

This letter (the “Amendment Letter”) amends the terms of the Resignation 
and Transition Agreement (the “Agreement”), entered into by and among 
Alphatec Holdings, Inc. and Alphatec Spine, Inc. (collectively, the 
“Company”) and you, dated January 23, 2017, as follows:

 

•

In consideration for you making yourself available during the month of 
March 2017, for hours in excess of the ten (10) hours per month envisioned 
in the Agreement, in order to provide consulting services and perform 
activities in connection with the Company’s public filings and potential 
capital raise, the Company agrees to extend the term of the Consulting 
Services in the Agreement from December 31, 2017 to February 28, 2018.

 

•

In the event the Company terminates the Consulting Services in the 
Agreement prior to February 28, 2018, the Company will make a payment to 
you in the amount of $20,000, within five (5) days of such termination.

All other aspects of the Agreement remain unaffected by this Amendment 
Letter.
 
Sincerely,
 
/S/ Craig E. Hunsaker
Craig E. Hunsaker
EVP, People & Culture and General Counsel
 
Understood and accepted.
 
/S/ Ebun Garner
Ebun Garner
 

 