 EX-10.5 2 exhibit105-kempercorporati.htm KEMPER CORPORATION SUPPLEMENTAL 
RETIREMENT PLAN AS AMENDED AND RESTATED EFFECTIV


Exhibit 10.5











KEMPER CORPORATION SUPPLEMENTAL RETIREMENT PLAN


As Amended and Restated Effective September 22, 2016











------------------------------------------------------------------------
 TABLE OF CONTENTS



 
 
Page
 
ARTICLE I
 
DEFINITIONS
1

ARTICLE II
 
ELIGIBILITY
5

ARTICLE III
 
SUPPLEMENTAL PLAN CONTRIBUTION
5

ARTICLE IV
 
FUNDING
6

ARTICLE V
 
INVESTMENT OF FUNDS, ACCOUNT MAINTENANCE AND VESTING
6

ARTICLE VI
 
DISTRIBUTIONS
8

ARTICLE VII
 
PAYMENTS UPON DEATH
9

ARTICLE VIII
 
ADMINISTRATION OF THE PLAN
10

ARTICLE IX
 
AMENDMENT OR TERMINATION
11

ARTICLE X
 
GENERAL PROVISIONS
11



 
-i-
 

------------------------------------------------------------------------

KEMPER CORPORATION
SUPPLEMENTAL RETIREMENT PLAN


Effective as of September 22, 2016, the Kemper Corporation Defined 
Contribution Retirement Plan (the “DC Retirement Plan”) is being merged 
with and into the Kemper Corporation 401(k) Savings Plan (the “Merger”), 
which is being renamed the Kemper Corporation 401(k) & Retirement Plan (the 
“Qualified Plan”). As a result of the Merger, effective as of September 22, 
2016, the plan set forth herein is now known as the Kemper Corporation 
Supplemental Retirement Plan (the “Plan”) and the Plan is hereby amended 
and restated effective as of September 22, 2016 to reflect the Merger and 
update the Plan.


The Plan is maintained by the Company for the purpose of providing certain 
employees of the Company and its Affiliates with benefits in excess of the 
limitations imposed by Section 415 of the Internal Revenue Code on the 
retirement contributions, as defined in the Qualified Plan (“Retirement 
Contributions”), provided by the Qualified Plan. Also, only with respect to 
those Participants hereunder who are Top Hat Participants as defined in 
Section 1.24, the Plan provides benefits in excess of the limitations 
imposed by Section 401(a)(17) of the Internal Revenue Code on the 
Retirement Contributions provided by the Qualified Plan.


ARTICLE I

DEFINITIONS


1.1    General. For purposes of the Plan, the following terms, when 
capitalized, will have the following meanings. The masculine pronoun 
wherever used herein will include the feminine gender, the singular number 
will include the plural, and the plural will include the singular, unless 
the context clearly indicates a different meaning.


1.2    “Account” means the account maintained with respect to each 
Participant under the Plan, as described in Section 5.1.


1.3    “Administrative Committee” means the Administrative Committee of the 
Kemper Corporation 401(k) and Retirement Plan.


1.4    “Affiliated Company” or “Affiliate” means any corporation, trade or 
business entity which is a member of a controlled group of corporations, 
trades or businesses of which the Company is also a member, as provided in 
Code Sections 414(b) or (c).


1.5    “Beneficiary Designation Form” means either a written document or an 
electronic form on an Internet exchange system, the form of which the 
Company shall determine from time to time, on which a Participant shall 
have the right to designate a beneficiary.


1.6    “Board” means the Board of Directors of the Company.


1.7    “Change in Control Event” means the occurrence of any of the 
following events in subsections (a) through (d) below:



1
------------------------------------------------------------------------


Exhibit 10.5

      (a)    any “Person” (defined below) is or becomes the “Beneficial
      Owner,” (defined below) directly or indirectly, of securities of the
      Company (not including in the securities beneficially owned by such
      Person any securities acquired directly from the Company or its
      “Affiliate” (defined below)) representing 25% or more of the combined
      voting power of the Company’s then outstanding securities, excluding
      any Person who becomes such a Beneficial Owner in connection with a
      transaction described in clause (i) of subsection (c) below; or


      (b)    the following individuals cease for any reason to constitute a
      majority of the number of directors then serving: individuals who, on
      December 31, 2015, constituted the Board of Directors and any new
      director (other than a director whose initial assumption of office is
      in connection with an actual or threatened election contest relating
      to the election of directors of the Company) whose appointment or
      election by the Board of Directors or nomination for election by the
      Company’s shareholders was approved or recommended by a vote of at
      least two-thirds of the directors still in office who either were
      directors on December 31, 2015 or whose appointment, election or
      nomination for election was previously so approved or recommended; or


      (c)    there is consummated a merger or consolidation of the Company
      or any direct or indirect subsidiary of the Company with any other
      corporation, other than (i) a merger or consolidation which results
      in the directors of the Company immediately prior to such merger or
      consolidation continuing to constitute at least a majority of the
      board of directors of the surviving entity or any parent thereof, or
      (ii) a merger or consolidation effected to implement a
      recapitalization of the Company (or similar transaction) in which no
      Person is or becomes the Beneficial Owner, directly or indirectly, of
      securities of the Company (not including in the securities
      Beneficially Owned by such Person any securities acquired directly
      from the Company or its Affiliate) representing 25% or more of the
      combined voting power of the Company’s then outstanding securities;
      or


      (d)    the shareholders of the Company approve a plan of complete
      liquidation or dissolution of the Company or there is consummated an
      agreement for the sale or disposition by the Company of all or
      substantially all of the Company’s assets, other than a sale or
      disposition by the Company of all or substantially all of the
      Company’s assets immediately following which the individuals who
      comprise the Board of Directors immediately prior thereto constitute
      at least a majority of the board of directors of the entity to which
      such assets are sold or disposed or any parent thereof.


      (e)    As used in this definition of Change of Control Event:


      (i)    “Affiliate” shall have the meaning set forth in Rule 12b-2
      promulgated under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
      as amended (the “Exchange Act”);


      (ii)    “Beneficial Owner” shall have the meaning set forth in Rule
      13d-3 under the Exchange Act; and



2
------------------------------------------------------------------------


Exhibit 10.5

      (iii)    “Person” shall have the meaning given in Section 3(a)(9) of
      the Exchange Act, as modified in Sections 13(d)(3) and 14(d)(2)
      thereof, except that such term shall not include (1) the Company or
      any entity, more than 50% of the voting securities of which are
      Beneficially Owned by the Company, (2) a trustee or other fiduciary
      holding securities under an employee benefit plan of the Company or
      any of its Affiliates, (3) an underwriter temporarily holding
      securities pursuant to an offering of such securities, (4) a
      corporation owned, directly or indirectly, by the shareholders of the
      Company in substantially the same proportions as their ownership of
      stock of the Company, (5) any individual, entity or group whose
      ownership of securities of the Company is reported on Schedule 13G
      pursuant to Rule 13d-1 promulgated under the Exchange Act (but only
      for so long as such ownership is so reported) or (6) Singleton Group
      LLC or any successor in interest to such entity.


1.8    “Code” means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended from time 
to time, and the regulations promulgated thereunder.


1.9    “Committee” means the Compensation Committee of the Board.


1.10    “Company” means Kemper Corporation, a Delaware corporation, or, to 
the extent provided in Section 10.10, any successor corporation or other 
entity resulting from a reorganization, merger or consolidation into or 
with the Company, or a transfer or sale of substantially all of the assets 
of the Company.


1.11    “Disabled” means that the Participant has a Disability as defined 
in the Qualified Plan.


1.12    “Employer” means the Company and its Affiliates.


1.13    “ERISA” means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, 
as amended from time to time, and the regulations promulgated thereunder.


1.14    “Investment Preference Form” means either a written document or an 
electronic form on an Internet exchange system, the form of which the 
Company shall determine from time to time, on which a Participant shall 
communicate his or her investment preference.


1.15    “Participant” means an employee of the Company or of an Affiliated 
Company who at any time on or after January 1, 2008 is a participant under 
the Qualified Plan and to whom or with respect to whom a benefit is payable 
under the Plan. The term “Participant” shall include Top Hat Participants.


1.16    “Plan” means the Kemper Corporation Supplemental Retirement Plan.


1.17    “Plan Administrator” means the Committee.


1.18    “Plan Year” means any calendar year during which the Plan is in 
effect.


1.19    “Qualified Plan” means the Kemper Corporation 401(k) and Retirement 
Plan.



3
------------------------------------------------------------------------


Exhibit 10.5

1.20    “Qualified Plan Contribution” means any Retirement Contributions 
made by the Employer on behalf of the Participant pursuant to Section 4.03 
of the Qualified Plan.


1.21    “Regulations” means the regulations, as amended from time to time, 
which are issued under Code Section 409A.


1.22    “Separation from Service” means the Participant’s termination from 
employment from the Employer, subject to the following and other provisions 
of the Regulations:


      (a)    The employment relationship is treated as continuing intact
      while the Participant is on military leave, sick leave, or other bona
      fide leave of absence if the period of such leave does not exceed six
      months, or if longer, so long as the individual retains a right to
      reemployment with the Employer under an applicable statute or by
      contract. A leave of absence constitutes a bona fide leave of absence
      only if there is a reasonable expectation that the Participant will
      return to perform services for the Employer. If the period of leave
      exceeds six months and the Participant does not retain a right to
      reemployment under an applicable statute or by contract, the
      employment relationship is deemed to terminate on the first day
      immediately following such six-month period.


      (b)    In determining whether a Separation from Service has occurred,
      the following presumptions, which may be rebutted as provided in the
      Regulations, shall apply:


      (i)    A Participant is presumed to have separated from service where
      the level of bona fide services performed decreases to a level equal
      to 20% or less of the average level of services performed by the
      Participant during the immediately preceding 36-month period.


      (ii)    A Participant will be presumed not to have separated from
      service where the level of bona fide services performed continues at
      a level that is 50% or more of the average level of services
      performed by the Participant during the immediately preceding
      36-month period.


      No presumption applies to a decrease in the level of bona fide
      services performed to a level that is more than 20% but less than 50%
      of the average level of bona fide services performed during the
      immediately preceding 36-month period. If a Participant had not
      performed services for the Employer for 36 months, the full period
      that the Participant has performed services for the Employer shall be
      substituted for 36 months.


      (c)    For purposes of this Section, the term “Employer” has the
      meaning set forth in Section 1.12, provided that the following shall
      apply in determining whether a person is an Affiliate as defined in
      Section 1.4:


      (i)    In applying Code Sections 1563(a)(1), (2) and (3) for purposes
      of determining a controlled group of corporations under Code Section
      414(b), the phrase “at least 50 percent” shall be used instead of “at
      least 80 percent” each place it appears in Code Sections 1563(a)(1),
      (2) and (3); and



4
------------------------------------------------------------------------


Exhibit 10.5

      (ii)    In applying Treas. Reg. Section 1.414(c)-2 for purposes of
      determining trades or businesses (whether or not incorporated) that
      are under common control for purposes of Code Section 414(c), “at
      least 50 percent” is used instead of “at least 80 percent” each place
      it appears in Treas. Reg. Section 1.414(c)-2.


      (d)    In the event of the sale or other disposition of assets by the
      Company or an Affiliate (the “Seller”) to an unrelated service
      recipient (the “Buyer”), the Seller and the Buyer may specify whether
      a Separation from Service has occurred for a Participant who would
      otherwise experience a Separation from Service with the Seller, in
      accordance with the rules set forth in Section 1.409A-1(h)(4) of the
      Regulations.


1.23    “Supplemental Plan Contribution” means the contribution made to a 
Participant’s Account pursuant to the terms of the Plan.


1.24    “Top Hat Participant” means a Participant who qualifies for 
inclusion in a “select group of management or highly compensated employees” 
as provided in Sections 201(2), 301(a)(3), 401(a)(1) and 4021(b)(6) of 
ERISA and who has been designated as a Top Hat Participant by the Board, as 
reflected in Board minutes or other official records of the Board.


1.25    “Trust” means a so-called “rabbi trust,” the assets of which shall 
remain, for all purposes, a part of the general unrestricted assets of the 
Company.


1.26    “Valuation Date” means each day that the New York Stock Exchange is 
open for business. The determination of the Valuation Date as of which 
changes in investment preferences under the Plan are effected shall be made 
in accordance with rules and procedures established by the Company.


ARTICLE II


 ELIGIBILITY


An employee who is eligible to receive a Qualified Plan Contribution, the 
amount of which is reduced by reason of the application of the limitations 
on benefits imposed by application of Code Section 415 (or in the case of a 
Top Hat Participant, is reduced by the limitations on benefits imposed by 
application of Code Section 401(a)(17)), shall be eligible to receive a 
Supplemental Plan Contribution.


ARTICLE III


 SUPPLEMENTAL PLAN CONTRIBUTION


The Supplemental Plan Contribution to be credited to a Participant’s 
Account for each Plan Year shall be an amount equal to the difference 
between (a) and (b) below:


      (a)    the amount of the Qualified Plan Contribution to which the
      Participant would have been entitled if such Qualified Plan
      Contribution were computed: (i) without giving effect to the
      limitations on benefits imposed by application of Code Section 415
      (and in the



5
------------------------------------------------------------------------


Exhibit 10.5

      case of a Top Hat Participant, Code Section 401(a)(17)), and (ii) by
      modifying the compensation used to determine such Qualified Plan
      Contribution by including in compensation any amount which a
      Participant elected to have deducted from his or her compensation on
      a pre-tax basis and contributed to a nonqualified deferred
      compensation plan maintained by the Company or an Affiliate and 
      excluding from compensation any benefits paid or payable to the
      Participant under such deferred compensation plan;


LESS


      (b)    the amount of the Qualified Plan Contribution that would have
      been credited to the Participant’s account under the Qualified Plan
      during the plan year of the Qualified Plan that is coincident with
      the applicable Plan Year if the Participant’s Compensation used to
      calculate such Qualified Plan Contribution were equal to the limit
      under Code Section 401(a)(17).


ARTICLE IV 
 
FUNDING


4.1    Unsecured Obligation. Supplemental Plan Contributions and the 
hypothetical investment earnings/losses thereon shall be reflected in book 
entries maintained by or on behalf of the Company, as set forth in Section 
5.1. The existence of such book entries shall not create a trust of any 
kind, or a fiduciary relationship between the Company, any third party 
record keeper and the Participant, his or her designated beneficiary, or 
other beneficiaries provided for under the Plan. The bookkeeping entries 
represent an unsecured obligation of the Company to pay Supplemental Plan 
Contributions and the investment earnings/losses thereon to a Participant 
at a future date.


4.2    Discretionary Rabbi Trust. If the Company so determines, in its sole 
discretion, payments to a Participant or his or her designated beneficiary 
or any other beneficiary hereunder may be made from assets held in a Trust. 
No person shall have any interest in such assets by virtue of the Plan. The 
Company’s obligations hereunder shall be an unfunded and unsecured promise 
to pay money in the future. Any Participant having a right to receive 
payments pursuant to the provisions of the Plan shall have no greater 
rights than any unsecured general creditor of the Company in the event of 
the Company’s insolvency or bankruptcy, and no person shall have nor 
acquire any legal or equitable right, claim or interest in or to any 
property or assets of the Company. In no event shall the assets accumulated 
in the Trust be construed as creating a funded plan under the applicable 
provisions of ERISA, or under the Code, or under the provisions of any 
other applicable statute or regulation.


ARTICLE V 
 
INVESTMENT OF FUNDS, ACCOUNT MAINTENANCE AND VESTING


5.1    Record Keeper. The Company shall appoint a Plan record keeper which 
shall establish and maintain an individual bookkeeping Account on behalf of 
each Participant for purposes of determining each Participant’s benefits 
under the Plan.



6
------------------------------------------------------------------------


Exhibit 10.5

5.2    Account Adjustments.


(a)    The Plan record keeper shall adjust each Participant’s Account for 
amounts representing:


      (i)    Supplemental Plan Contributions,


      (ii)    Hypothetical investment earnings/losses,


      (iii)    Expenses, and


      (iv)    Distributions paid to the Participant or beneficiaries.


(b)    Upon becoming a Participant, each Participant, or in the absence of 
action by the Participant, the Trust Administrative Committee of Kemper 
Corporation 401(k) and Retirement Plan (the “Trust Administrative 
Committee”), shall specify the hypothetical measure(s) of investment 
performance from among the choices made available from time to time to Plan 
participants by the Trust Administrative Committee. The Participant’s 
bookkeeping account shall be deemed to be invested in the hypothetical 
investment selected by the Participant, or if none, in the default 
hypothetical investment preference selected by the Trust Administrative 
Committee. Investment preferences selected by the Participant are used only 
to determine the value of a Participant’s Account and in no event is the 
Company required to follow these investment preferences for actual plan 
investments. A Participant’s investment preference shall be communicated to 
the Company by completion and delivery to the Company of an Investment 
Preference Form in such form as the Company shall determine from time to 
time. Participants shall indicate their initial investment preferences by 
filing an Investment Preference Form with the Company prior to the date on 
which the first Supplemental Plan Contribution is credited to the 
Participant’s Account. Once elected, investment preferences shall be valid 
until revoked by filing a new Investment Preference Form. Participants 
shall have the opportunity to change their investment preferences with 
respect to the Account in accordance with such procedures as may be 
established by the Company.


(c)    The Plan record keeper shall determine the value of all Accounts 
maintained under the terms of the Plan on each Valuation Date. The Plan 
record keeper shall provide each Participant with a statement of his or her 
individual bookkeeping Account reflecting adjustments to such Account 
during the period from the last statement date. Such statement shall be 
provided to Participants as soon as administratively feasible following the 
end of each calendar quarter.


5.3    Vesting. The Participant’s Account will vest upon the completion of 
three (3) years of vesting service, as defined in the Qualified Plan. If 
the Participant dies or becomes Disabled prior to his or her Separation 
from Service, the Participant’s Account shall become fully vested. The 
Participant shall forfeit any non-vested portion of his or her Account upon 
his or her Separation from Service.


5.4    Bookkeeping Accounts. The Accounts shall be hypothetical in nature 
and shall be maintained for bookkeeping purposes only, so that 
contributions can be credited to Participants and



7
------------------------------------------------------------------------


Exhibit 10.5

so that investment returns on such contributions can be credited. Neither 
the Plan nor any of the Accounts shall hold any actual funds or assets.


ARTICLE VI

DISTRIBUTIONS
6.1    Form of Distribution. The Company shall distribute an amount equal 
to the vested balance of the Participant’s Account to the Participant (or, 
in the event of the death of the Participant, to his or her beneficiary) in 
the form of a single lump sum distribution or installments, as elected by 
the Participant. Installment payments shall be made over a term of years 
selected by the Participant, not to exceed 10 years in duration, and shall 
be paid in quarterly or annual installments, as elected by the Participant. 
The Participant shall make the above elections in accordance with 
procedures established by the Company and no later than 30 days following 
the date on which the Participant is initially eligible to participate in 
the Plan, at which time the elections shall become irrevocable. If a 
Participant fails to make an election within the required time period, the 
Participant’s benefit will be paid in the form of a single lump sum 
distribution.


6.2    Timing of Distribution. Subject to the provisions of Section 6.6 
through Section 6.9:


(a)    Upon a Participant’s Separation from Service, payment of the vested 
balance of the Participant’s Account shall be made, or commence, on the 
first day of the seventh month following the Participant’s Separation from 
Service; and


(b)    Upon a Participant’s death, payment of the vested balance of a 
Participant’s Account shall be made, or commence, as soon as practicable 
after the Participant’s death, but no later than ninety (90) days after 
such death.


6.3    Payment Date.  A payment shall be considered to have been made on 
the payment date specified in Section 6.2(a) if the payment is made no 
later than December 31 of the calendar year in which such payment date 
occurs (or the last day of the Participant’s taxable year in which such 
payment date occurs, if earlier).


6.4    Transitional Relief. Prior to January 1, 2009, a Participant may 
change the form of payment for his Account to the extent permitted by IRS 
Notice 2007-86 and administrative procedures adopted by the Company.


6.5    Acceleration Prohibited. Except as provided in Section 6.7 through 
Section 6.9, acceleration of the time of payment of any portion of the 
balance of a Participant’s Account is prohibited.


6.6    Payments in Violation of Federal Securities Laws. To the extent 
permitted by the Regulations, the Company may delay a benefit payment where 
the Company reasonably anticipates that the making of the payment will 
violate Federal securities laws or other applicable law. Such a benefit 
payment shall be made at the earliest date at which the Company reasonably 
anticipates that the making of the benefit payment will not cause such 
violation and, if the Participant had



8
------------------------------------------------------------------------


Exhibit 10.5

elected installment payments, the first payment to the Participant shall 
include the payments that the Participant would have received had payments 
begun as of the date such payments were scheduled to begin.


6.7    Accelerated Payment for Domestic Relations Orders. To the extent 
necessary to fulfill a domestic relations order (as defined in Code Section 
414(p)(1)(B)) and as permitted by the Regulations, the Company, in its sole 
discretion, may accelerate the time or schedule of a benefit payment under 
the Plan to an individual other than the Participant, or a benefit payment 
under the Plan may be made to an individual other than the Participant.


6.8    Accelerated Payment for Failure to Comply with Code Section 409A. To 
the extent permitted by the Regulations, at any time the Plan fails to meet 
the requirements of Code Section 409A and the Regulations, the Company may 
accelerate the time or schedule of a payment, or a payment under the Plan 
may be made; provided, however, that such payment shall not exceed the 
amount required to be included in income as a result of the failure to 
comply with the requirements of Code Section 409A and the Regulations.


6.9    Small Benefits. If, upon the first day of the seventh month 
following a Participant’s Separation from Service (“Payment Date”), a 
Participant’s Account is less than or equal to the applicable dollar limit 
under Code Section 402(g)(1)(B) and results in the determination and 
liquidation of the entirety of the Participant’s interest under all 
agreements, methods, programs or other arrangements with respect to which 
deferrals of compensation are treated as having been deferred under a 
single nonqualified deferred compensation plan under Section 1.409A-1(c)(2) 
of the Regulations, the Company may pay such Account to the Participant or 
his or her beneficiary in a single lump sum, in lieu of any further benefit 
payments hereunder, on the Payment Date.


ARTICLE VII 
 
PAYMENTS UPON DEATH


7.1    Payment to Beneficiary. Any benefit which a deceased Participant is 
entitled to receive under the Plan shall be paid to such Participant’s 
beneficiary. Such death benefit shall be paid in accordance with the 
Participant’s election pursuant to Section 6.1 and at the time specified in 
Section 6.2.


7.2    Designation of Beneficiary. A Participant shall have the right to 
designate a beneficiary on the Beneficiary Designation Form and to amend or 
revoke such designation at any time in writing. Such designation, amendment 
or revocation shall be effective only when filed with the Company. Any 
beneficiary designation, amendment or revocation shall apply to the 
Participant’s entire Account.


If no Beneficiary Designation Form is filed with the Company, or if the 
Beneficiary Designation Form is held invalid, or if no beneficiary survives 
the Participant and benefits remain payable following the Participant’s 
death, the Company shall direct that payment of benefits be made to the 
person or persons in the first category in which there is a survivor. The 
categories of successor beneficiaries, in order, are (a) the Participant’s 
spouse and (b) the Participant’s estate.



9
------------------------------------------------------------------------


Exhibit 10.5

ARTICLE VIII 
 
ADMINISTRATION OF THE PLAN


8.1    Administration by the Company. The Committee, acting through the 
Company, shall be responsible for the general operation and administration 
of the Plan and for carrying out the provisions thereof.


8.2    General Powers of Administration. The Committee shall have such 
powers and duties with respect to the administration of the Plan as are 
applicable to the Administrative Committee with respect to the Qualified 
Plan. The Committee shall be entitled to rely conclusively upon all tables, 
valuations, certificates, opinions and reports furnished by any actuary, 
accountant, treasurer, controller, counsel or other person employed or 
engaged by the Company with respect to the Plan.


8.3    Claims.


Any Participant or beneficiary who believes that there was an error in the 
calculation of his or her account balance or in the payment of benefits 
under the Plan shall file a claim with the Plan Administrator. The claim 
must be filed, signed and dated within 90 days of the date on which the 
claimant learned of the facts from which such claim arises. The claim must 
be sent by certified mail or presented in person to the Plan Administrator.


The Plan Administrator, acting through the Company, shall respond in 
writing to the claimant within a reasonable period of time but not later 
than 90 days after receipt of the claim unless special circumstances 
require an extension of time for processing. If such extension of time is 
required, the Plan Administrator, acting through the Company, shall furnish 
written notice of the extension to the claimant prior to the termination of 
the initial 90 day period. The extension notice shall indicate the special 
circumstances requiring an extension of time and the date by which the Plan 
Administrator, acting through the Company, expects to render a final 
decision. In no event shall such extension exceed a period of 90 days from 
the end of the initial period.


8.4    Appeals.


Any claimant not satisfied with the Plan Administrator’s decision of a 
claim shall have the right to appeal to the Plan Administrator. The appeal 
must be signed and dated by the claimant and include a copy of the claim 
submitted to the Plan Administrator as well as a copy of the Plan 
Administrator’s decision. The appeal should explain why the claimant does 
not agree with the Plan Administrator’s decision. The appeal must be filed 
within 60 days of the receipt of the Plan Administrator’s decision. The 
appeal must be sent by certified mail or presented in person to the Plan 
Administrator.


The Plan Administrator shall promptly advise the claimant of its decision 
on the claimant’s appeal. Such decision shall be written in layman’s terms, 
shall include specific reasons for the decision and shall contain specific 
references to pertinent Plan provisions upon which the decision is based. 
The decision on appeal shall be made no later than 60 days after the Plan 
Administrator’s



10
------------------------------------------------------------------------


Exhibit 10.5

receipt of the appeal, unless special circumstances require an extension of 
the time for processing. If such an extension of time is required, the Plan 
Administrator shall furnish written notice of the extension to the claimant 
prior to the termination of the 60 day period. The extension notice shall 
indicate the special circumstances requiring an extension of time and the 
date by which the Plan Administrator expects to render a final decision. If 
an extension of time is required, a decision shall be rendered as soon as 
possible, but not later than 120 days following receipt of the appeal.


ARTICLE IX 
 
AMENDMENT OR TERMINATION


9.1    Amendment or Termination. The Company intends the Plan to be 
permanent but reserves the right, subject to Section 9.2, to amend or 
terminate the Plan when, in the sole opinion of the Company, such amendment 
or termination is advisable. However, no amendment shall deprive a 
Participant or beneficiary of any of the benefits which he or she has 
accrued under the Plan or otherwise adversely affect the Participant’s 
Account with respect to amounts credited thereto prior to the date such 
amendment is made. The Administrative Committee shall have the authority, 
on behalf of the Company, to amend the Plan in any manner permitted by 
Article IX of the Plan as the Administrative Committee considers desirable, 
appropriate or necessary, provided that no such amendments, either 
individually or in the aggregate, have a material adverse financial impact 
on the Company and the Employers. The Board reserves the authority to make 
any other amendments to the Plan, including, but not limited to, amendments 
that the Administrative Committee deems desirable, appropriate or necessary 
which would have a material adverse financial impact on the Company and the 
Employers.


9.2    Effect of Amendment or Termination. No amendment or termination of 
the Plan shall, without the express written consent of the affected current 
or former Participant or beneficiary, reduce or alter any benefit 
entitlement of such Participant or beneficiary.


ARTICLE X 
 
GENERAL PROVISIONS


10.1    General Conditions. Any benefit payable under the Qualified Plan 
shall be paid solely in accordance with the terms and conditions of the 
Qualified Plan and nothing in the Plan shall operate or be construed in any 
way to modify, amend or affect the terms and provisions of the Qualified 
Plan.


10.2    Taxes. The Company shall have the right to (a) require any 
Participant or beneficiary to pay the Company the amount of any taxes which 
the Company may be required to withhold with respect to any benefits earned 
under, or distributions from, the Plan or (b) deduct from all amounts paid 
the amount of any taxes which the Company may be required to withhold with 
respect to any such distributions.


10.3    Entire Agreement. The Plan document along with the Investment 
Preference Form, Beneficiary Designation Form and other administration 
forms required of Participants, and made



11
------------------------------------------------------------------------


Exhibit 10.5

known to them by the Company, shall constitute the entire agreement or 
contract between the Company and the Participant regarding the Plan. No 
oral statement regarding the Plan may be relied upon by the Participant or 
any other person claiming through or under the Participant.


10.4    Construction. Any mention of “Articles,” “Sections” and subsections 
thereof, unless stated specifically to the contrary, refers to Articles, 
Sections or subsections in the Plan. Headings of Articles, Sections and 
subsections are for convenient reference. The headings are not part of the 
Plan and are not to be considered in its construction. All references to 
statutory sections shall include the section as amended from time to time.


10.5    Employment Rights. Neither the establishment of the Plan nor any 
modification thereof, nor the creation of any trust or account, nor the 
payment of any benefits, shall be construed as conferring upon a 
Participant the right to continue to be employed by the Company in his or 
her present capacity, or in any capacity. The Plan relates to the payment 
of deferred compensation as provided herein, and is not intended to be an 
employment contract.


10.6    Benefit Transfers. Neither the Participant nor his or her 
designated or other beneficiary under the Plan shall have any right to 
transfer, assign, anticipate, hypothecate or otherwise encumber all or any 
part of the amounts payable under the Plan, except as provided in Section 
6.7. No such amounts shall be subject to seizure by any creditor of any 
such Participant or beneficiary, by a proceeding at law or in equity, nor 
shall any such amounts be transferable by operation of law in the event of 
bankruptcy, insolvency or death of the Participant, his or her designated 
beneficiary or any other beneficiary hereunder. Any attempted assignment or 
transfer in contravention of this provision shall be void.


10.7    Governing Law. Construction, validity and administration of the 
Plan shall be governed by applicable Federal law and the laws of the State 
of Illinois.


10.8    Inurement. The Plan shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit 
of the Company and its successors and assigns, and the Participant, his or 
her successors, heirs, executors, administrators and beneficiaries.


10.9    Notices. Any notice (other than pursuant to enrollment materials) 
required or permitted to be given pursuant to the Plan shall be in writing, 
and shall be signed by the person giving the notice. If such notice is 
mailed, it shall be sent by United States first class mail, postage 
prepaid, addressed to such person’s last known address as shown on the 
records of the Company. The date of such mailing shall be deemed to be the 
date of notice, but the notice shall not be effective until actually 
received. The Company or the Participant may change the address to which 
notice is sent by giving notice of such change in the manner above.


10.10    Corporate Successor. The Plan shall not be automatically 
terminated by a Change in Control Event, but the Plan shall be continued 
after such Change in Control Event only if and to the extent that the 
transferee, purchaser or successor entity agrees to continue the Plan. In 
the event that the Plan is not continued by the transferee, purchaser or 
successor entity, then the Plan shall terminate subject to the provisions 
of Section 9.2.



12
------------------------------------------------------------------------


Exhibit 10.5

10.11    Unclaimed Benefit. Each Participant shall keep the Company 
informed of his or her current address and the current address of his or 
her beneficiary. The Company shall not be obligated to search for the 
whereabouts of any person. The Company is authorized to adopt procedures 
regarding unclaimed benefits that provide for the irrevocable forfeiture of 
a benefit if the Company is unable to locate the Participant, or if the 
Participant is deceased, his or her beneficiary. Such procedures shall be 
consistent with the Regulations and any other guidance issued by the 
Internal Revenue Service.


10.12    Limitations on Liability. Notwithstanding any of the preceding 
provisions of the Plan, neither the Company nor any individual acting as an 
employee or agent of the Company shall be liable to any Participant, former 
Participant, beneficiary or any other person for any claim, loss, liability 
or expense incurred in connection with the Plan.


10.13    No Guaranty of Benefits. Nothing contained in the Plan shall 
constitute a guaranty by the Company or any other entity or person that the 
assets of the Company will be sufficient to pay any benefit hereunder.


10.14    409A Compliance. The Plan is intended to be a nonqualified 
deferred compensation plan that complies with the provisions of Code 
Section 409A and the Regulations, and shall be interpreted and operated 
consistent with such intent. If any ambiguity exists in the terms of the 
Plan, it shall be interpreted to be consistent with this purpose.


IN WITNESS WHEREOF, a duly appointed member of the Administrative Committee 
has executed the Plan on this 22nd day of December, 2016.


                                    KEMPER CORPORATION




                                    By: /s/ John A. DiDomenico 
                                    Its: Director, Benefits


13