 EX-10.7 4 s105258_ex10-7.htm EXHIBIT 10-7
     
Exhibit 10.7
 
  

 
 

 

 
Contract Number : HHSN261201400013C
 
CONTRACT TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
PART I - THE SCHEDULE 	4
SECTION B - SUPPLIES OR SERVICES AND PRICES/COSTS 	4
ARTICLE B.1. BRIEF DESCRIPTION OF SUPPLIES OR SERVICES 	4
ARTICLE B.2. PRICES 	4
ARTICLE B.3. OPTION FOR PHASE II 	5
ARTICLE B.4. ADVANCE UNDERSTANDINGS 	5
ARTICLE B.5. PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO DIRECT COSTS 	7
SECTION C - DESCRIPTION/SPECIFICATIONS/WORK STATEMENT 	8
ARTICLE C.1. STATEMENT OF WORK 	8
ARTICLE C.2. REPORTING REQUIREMENTS 	8
ARTICLE C.3. INVENTION REPORTING REQUIREMENT 	15
SECTION D - PACKAGING, MARKING AND SHIPPING 	15
SECTION E - INSPECTION AND ACCEPTANCE 	15
SECTION F - DELIVERIES OR PERFORMANCE 	16
ARTICLE F.1. PERIOD OF PERFORMANCE 	16
ARTICLE F.2. DELIVERIES 	16
ARTICLE F.3. CLAUSES INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE, FAR 52.252-2 (FEBRUARY 
1998) 	18
SECTION G - CONTRACT ADMINISTRATION DATA 	18
ARTICLE G.1. CONTRACTING OFFICER'S REPRESENTATIVE (COR) 	18
ARTICLE G.2. KEY PERSONNEL, HHSAR 352.242-70 (January 2006) 	18
ARTICLE G.3. INVOICE SUBMISSION/CONTRACT FINANCING REQUEST AND CONTRACT 
FINANCIAL REPORT 	19
ARTICLE G.4. PROVIDING ACCELERATED PAYMENT TO SMALL BUSINESS 
SUBCONTRACTORS, FAR 52.232-40 (December 2013) 	21
ARTICLE G.5. GOVERNMENT PROPERTY 	21
ARTICLE G.6. POST AWARD EVALUATION OF CONTRACTOR PERFORMANCE 	22
SECTION H - SPECIAL CONTRACT REQUIREMENTS 	22
ARTICLE H.1. PROTECTION OF HUMAN SUBJECTS, HHSAR 352.270-4(b) (January 
2006) 	22
ARTICLE H.2. HUMAN SUBJECTS 	23
ARTICLE H.3. RESTRICTION ON USE OF HUMAN SUBJECTS, HHSAR 352.270-6 (January 
2006) 	23
ARTICLE H.4. REQUIRED EDUCATION IN THE PROTECTION OF HUMAN RESEARCH 
PARTICIPANTS 	23
ARTICLE H.5. DATA AND SAFETY MONITORING IN CLINICAL TRIALS 	24
ARTICLE H.6. REGISTRATION AND RESULTS REPORTING FOR APPLICABLE CLINICAL 
TRIALS IN CLINICALTRIALS.GOV 	24
ARTICLE H.7. NIH POLICY ON ENHANCING PUBLIC ACCESS TO ARCHIVED PUBLICATIONS 
RESULTING FROM NIH-FUNDED RESEARCH 	24
ARTICLE H.8. NEEDLE DISTRIBUTION 	25
ARTICLE H.9. ACKNOWLEDGEMENT OF FEDERAL FUNDING 	25
ARTICLE H.10. RESTRICTION ON ABORTIONS 	25
ARTICLE H. 11. CONTINUED BAN ON FUNDING OF HUMAN EMBRYO RESEARCH 	25
ARTICLE H.12. DISSEMINATION OF FALSE OR DELIBERATELY MISLEADING INFORMATION 	
25
ARTICLE H.13. PRIVACY ACT, HHSAR 352.224-70 (January 2006) 	25
 

  	- 2 - 	 

 

 
Contract Number : HHSN261201400013C
 
ARTICLE H.14. OMB CLEARANCE 	26
ARTICLE H.18. OPTION PROVISION 	26
ARTICLE H.19. LIMITATIONS ON SUBCONTRACTING - SBIR 	26
ARTICLE H.20. ELECTRONIC AND INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY ACCESSIBILITY, HHSAR 
352.239-73(b) (January 2010) 	27
ARTICLE H.21. CONFIDENTIALITY OF INFORMATION 	27
ARTICLE H.22. INSTITUTIONAL RESPONSIBILITY REGARDING INVESTIGATOR FINANCIAL 
CONFLICTS OF INTEREST - PHASE II 	28
ARTICLE H.23. PUBLICATION AND PUBLICITY 	30
ARTICLE H.24. REPORTING MATTERS INVOLVING FRAUD, WASTE AND ABUSE 	30
ARTICLE H.25. YEAR 2000 COMPLIANCE 	31
ARTICLE H.26. USE OF FUNDS FOR PROMOTIONAL ITEMS 	31
PART II - CONTRACT CLAUSES 	32
SECTION I - CONTRACT CLAUSES 	32
PART III - LIST OF DOCUMENTS, EXHIBITS AND OTHER ATTACHMENTS 	40
SECTION J - LIST OF ATTACHMENTS 	40
1. Statement of Work 	40
2. Invoice Instructions for NIH Fixed-Price Contracts, NIH(RC)-2 	40
3. Invoice/Financing Request and Contract Financial Reporting Instructions 
for NIH Cost-Reimbursement Type Contracts, NIH(RC)-4 	40
4. Cumulative Inclusion Enrollment Report 	40
5. Privacy Act System of Records, Number 	40
6. Research Patient Care Costs 	40
7. Disclosure of Lobbying Activities, SF-LLL 	40
8. Government Property - Schedule IB 	40
9. Report of Government Owned, Contractor Held Property 	40
PART IV - REPRESENTATIONS AND INSTRUCTIONS 	42
SECTION K - REPRESENTATIONS AND CERTIFICATIONS 	42
1. Annual Representations and Certifications 	42
2. Annual Representations and Certifications, FAR Clause 52.204-8 	42
3. Human Subjects Assurance Identification Number 	42
 

  	- 3 - 	 

 

 
Contract Number : HHSN261201400013C
 
PART I- THE SCHEDULE
 
SECTION B - SUPPLIES OR SERVICES AND PRICES/COSTS
 
ARTICLE B.1. BRIEF DESCRIPTION OF SUPPLIES OR SERVICES
 
Phase I: To advance commercialization efforts for IPdR 
(5-iodo-2-pyrimidinone-2'-deoxyribose), a prodrug of the radiosensitizer 
IUdR (5-iodo-2'-deoxyuridine). The Phase I will determine the scientific 
merit, feasibility and potential for commercialization of oral IPdR as a 
radiation sensitizer for use in cancer treatment. Administrative tasks will 
be completed to enable an IND for the Contractor; formulation of GMP 
manufactured IPdR into 250 mg capsules; submission of a letter of intent 
(LOI) to CTEP; protocol preparation and IRB approval for the proposed Phase 
I clinical trial and establishment of companion diagnostics for analyzing 
clinical specimens from Phase I patients.
 Phase II: To perform the first-in-human therapeutic trial assessing safety 
and pharmacokinetics of 5-iodo-2- pyrimidinone-2'-deoxyribose (IPdR), as a 
radiosensitizer for cancer treatment. The Phase I clinical trial and PK 
study will be performed as the first step in the plan to commercialize 
IPdR.
 
ARTICLE B.2. PRICES
 
a. 	The total fixed price of this contract is $191,971.
   
b. 	Upon delivery and acceptance of the item specified in the DELIVERY 
Article in SECTION F and described in SECTION C of this contract and 
identified in the schedule of charges below, the Government shall pay to 
the Contractor the unit prices set forth below:
   
PAYMENT SCHEDULE  
   
Description 	  	Invoice # 	  	Period Covered 	  	Amount 	 
PDF Kick-Off Presentation 	  	HHSN261201400013C - 01 	  	Month 1 	  	$ 	
47,993 	 
Quarterly Report 1 	  	HHSN261201400013C - 02 	  	Month 2-3 	  	$ 	47,993 	
 
Quarterly Report 2 	  	HHSN261201400013C - 03 	  	Month 4-6 	  	$ 	47,993 	
 
Draft Commercialization Plan, Draft Final Report 	  	HHSN261201400013C - 04 	
  	Start date of contract through one month prior to contract completion 
date 	  	$ 	23,996 	 
PDF of Final Presentation, Final Report, Summary of Salient Results, Final 
Commercialization Plan 	  	HHSN261201400013C - 05 	  	Entire Contract 
Period of Performance 	  	$ 	23,996 	 
TOTAL FIXED PRICE 	  	  	  	  	  	$ 	191,971 	 
   

  	- 4 - 	 

 

 
Contract Number : HHSN261201400013C
 
ARTICLE B.3. OPTION FOR PHASE II
  
a. 	The fixed price of the Base Period (Phase I) of this contract is 
$191,971.
  
b. 	If the Government exercises its option pursuant to the OPTION PROVISION 
Article in SECTION H of this contract, the Government's total estimated 
contract amount represented by the sum of the estimated cost plus the fixed 
fee will be increased as follows:
    
  	  	Estimated Cost
($) 	  	  	Fixed Fee
($) 	  	  	Estimated Cost
Plus Fixed Fee
($) 	 
Base Period 9/19/2014 - 6/18/2015 	  	$ 	181,105 	  	  	$ 	10,866 	  	  	$ 	
191,971 	 
Option Period: 6/19/2015 - 6/18/2017 	  	$ 	1,347,280 	  	  	$ 	80,837 	  	
  	$ 	1,428,117 	 
Total 	  	$ 	1,528,385 	  	  	$ 	91,703 	  	  	$ 	1,620,088 	 
[Base Period and Option] 	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	 
  
ARTICLE B.4. ADVANCE UNDERSTANDINGS
  
Other provisions of this contract notwithstanding, approval of the 
following items within the limits set forth is hereby granted without 
further authorization from the Contracting Officer.
  
a. 	Indirect Costs
  
1. 	In no event shall the final amount reimbursable for indirect costs 
exceed ceiling rates of 15% of Direct Labor for Fringe Benefits, 30% of 
Direct Labor for Overhead, and 12% of Direct Labor for G&A.
      
2. 	The Government is not obligated to pay any additional amount should the 
final indirect cost rates exceed these negotiated ceiling rates. In the 
event that the final indirect cost rates are less than these negotiated 
ceiling rates, the Government's obligation shall be reduced to conform to 
the lower rate.
      
     Any costs over and above this cost ceiling shall not be reimbursed
     under this contract or any other Government contract, grant, or
     cooperative agreement.
      
3. 	The Contractor shall complete all work in accordance with the Statement 
of Work, terms and conditions of this contract.
      
b. 	Subcontract
  
   To negotiate a fixed price type subcontract with with Rhode Island
   Hospital for Phase I for an amount not to exceed $65.549 for the period 
   9/19/2014-6/18/2015 . Award of the subcontract shall not proceed without
   the prior written consent of the Contracting Officer upon review of the
   supporting documentation required by FAR Clause 52.244-2, Subcontracts.
   After receiving written consent of the subcontract by the Contracting
   Officer, a copy of the signed, executed subcontract shall be provided to
   the Contracting Officer.
    
   If the Government exercises its option for Phase II pursuant to the
   Option Provision Article in Section H of this contract, the total
   estimated Subcontract amount will be increased as follows:
    
   Option 6/19/2015-6/18/2017 - $623,269
    

  	- 5 - 	 

 

 
Contract Number : HHSN261201400013C
 
Consultant
  
 c.  Consultants Consultant fee(s) to be paid to the following
 individual(s): Phase II only
  
Name 	  	Rate
Per Hour 	  	  	Number of Hours 	  	  	Total Cost
Including Travel
Not to Exceed 	 
Carl Schmidt, 	  	$ 	200 	  	  	  	100 	  	  	$ 	20,000 	 
Commercialization 	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	 
Consultant, Phase II 	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	 
 
 d.  Scientific Meetings
  
a. 	Travel to general scientific meetings shall be unallowable without the 
prior written approval of the Contracting Officer. No retroactive approvals 
will be issued, and no travel costs incurred without prior Contracting 
Officer approval will be paid.
      
b. 	All travel requests shall be sent to both the Contracting Officer and 
the Contracting Officer's Representative (COR) 90 calendar days prior to 
the planned start date of the travel. If it is determined that the travel 
is allowable, then the Contracting Officer will issue written approval.
      
 e.  Contract Number Designation
  
   On all correspondence submitted under this contract, the Contractor
   agrees to clearly identify the two contract numbers that appear on the
   face page of the contract as follows:
    
     Contract No. HHSN261201400013C
     NCI Control No. N01CO-2014-00013 .
      
 f.  SBIR Funding Agreement Certification
  
   The SBIR Funding Agreement Certification form, located in SECTION J,
   must be completed at the time of award prior to the performance of work
   under this contract, in accordance with the SBIR Policy Directive issued
   by SBA (October 18, 2012).
    
   For additional information, see NIH Policy Notice NOT-OD-13-116,
   entitled, "New Program Certifications Required for SBIR and STTR
   Awards," located at: 
   http://grants.nih.gov/grants/guide/notice-files/NOT- OD-13-116.html .
    
 g.  SBIR Fast Track Recertification Requirement
  
   Phase I and Phase II SBIR awards are considered separate funding
   agreements under the Fast-Track Initiative. Therefore, Phase I
   Fast-Track awardees must recertify that they meet all of the eligibility
   criteria for an SBIR or STTR award prior to issuance of the Phase II
   award.
    
 h.	Software Purchases
  
   All software purchases must first be approved in writing by the
   Contracting Officer.
    

  	- 6 - 	 

 

 
Contract Number : HHSN261201400013C
 
ARTICLE B.5. PROVISONS APPLICABLE TO DIRECT COSTS
 
     a.	Items Unallowable Unless Otherwise Provided
 
  Notwithstanding the clauses, ALLOWABLE COST AND PAYMENT, and FIXED FEE,
  incorporated in this contract, unless authorized in writing by the
  Contracting Officer, the costs of the following items or activities shall
  be unallowable as direct costs:
   
1. 	Conferences and Meetings
     
2. 	Food for Meals, Light Refreshments, and Beverages
     
3. 	Promotional Items [includes, but is not limited to: clothing and 
commemorative items such as pens, mugs/cups, folders/folios, lanyards, and 
conference bags that are sometimes provided to visitors, employees, 
grantees, or conference attendees.]
     
4. 	Acquisition, by purchase or lease, of any interest in real property;
     
5. 	Special rearrangement or alteration of facilities;
     
6. 	Purchase or lease of any item of general purpose office furniture or 
office equipment regardless of dollar value. (General purpose equipment is 
defined as any items of personal property which are usable for purposes 
other than research, such as office equipment and furnishings, pocket 
calculators, etc.);
     
7. 	Travel to attend general scientific meetings;
     
8. 	Foreign travel;
     
9. 	Consultant costs;
     
10. 	Subcontracts;
     
11. 	Patient care costs;
     
12. 	Accountable Government Property (defined as non-expendable personal 
property with an acquisition cost of $1,000 or more and "sensitive items" 
(defined as items of personal property (supplies and equipment that are 
highly desirable and easily converted to person use), regardless of 
acquisition value.
     
13. 	Printing Costs (as defined in the Government Printing and Binding 
Regulations).
     

  	- 7 - 	 

 

 
Contract Number : HHSN261201400013C
 
   b.	Travel Costs
 
1. 	Domestic Travel
    
     Total expenditures for domestic travel (transportation, lodging,
     subsistence, and incidental expenses) incurred in direct performance
     of this contract shall not exceed $9,600 in Phase II without the prior
     written approval of the Contracting Officer.
      
2. 	The Contractor shall invoice and be reimbursed for all travel costs in 
accordance with Federal Acquisition Regulations (FAR) 31.2 - Contracts with 
Commercial Organizations, Subsection 31.205-46, Travel Costs.
      
SECTION C - DESCRIPTION/SPECIFICATIONS/WORK STATEMENT
 
ARTICLE C.1. STATEMENT OF WORK
    
a. 	Independently and not as an agent of the Government, the Contractor 
shall furnish all the necessary services, qualified personnel, material, 
equipment, and facilities, not otherwise provided by the Government as 
needed to perform the Statement of Work, set forth in SECTION J-List of 
Attachments, attached hereto and made a part of this contract.
    
Document Title 	  	Date
Statement of Work - Phase I 	  	August 25, 2014
Statement of Work - Phase II 	  	August 25, 2014
 
b. 	Privacy Act System of Records Number 09-25-0200 is applicable to this 
contract and shall be used in any design, development, or operation work to 
be performed under the resultant contract. Disposition of records shall be 
in accordance with SECTION C of the contract, and by direction of the 
Contracting Officer's Representative (COR).
    
ARTICLE C.2. REPORTING REQUIREMENTS
 
All reports required herein shall be submitted in an electronic format via 
email as attachments to the following designated NCI Branch Distribution 
Mailbox.: Ncibranchbinvoices@mail.nih.gov
 
Each email submission shall contain only one deliverable, if the attached 
file for the deliverable exceeds 50 MB, the Contractor shall divide the 
deliverable into files of 50 MB each. All deliverables shall be limited to 
five file attachments or less.
 
The subject line of the email shall read as follows:
 
Deliverable_Contract Number_Vendor's Name_Deliverable Description_Due Date
 
All electronic reports submitted shall be compliant with Section 508 of the 
Rehabilitation Act of 1973. Additional information about testing documents 
for Section 508 compliance, including guidance and specific checklists, by 
application, can be found at: http://www.hhs.gov/web/508/index.html under 
"Making Files Accessible.”
 

  	- 8 - 	 

 

 
Contract Number : HHSN261201400013C
 
   a. Technical Reports
 
  In addition to those reports required by the other terms of this
  contract, the Contractor shall prepare and submit the following reports
  in the manner stated below and in accordance with the DELIVERIES Article
  in SECTION F of this contract:
   
  [Note: Beginning May 25, 2008, the Contractor shall include, in any
  technical progress report submitted, the applicable PubMed Central (PMC)
  or NIH Manuscript Submission reference number when citing publications
  that arise from its NIH funded research.]
   
  1.	Kick-off Presentation
   
  The Contractor shall prepare and submit a kick-off presentation.
  Presentation of the slides will occur either in-person, through Webinar,
  or teleconference. The presentation shall cover the following:
   
a. 	Discussion of the Contractor's organization/project status, 
particularly changes that occurred since the proposal submission.
     
b. 	The Contractor's recent achievements (patents, publications, sales, 
regulatory approvals, partnerships, awards, etc.).
   
c. 	Status of the field.
   
d. 	Status of commercial and academic competitors.
   
e. 	Where is the proposed project positioned against the state of the art.
   
f. 	Intellectual property landscape.
   
g. 	Refresher on the proposed technology/ R&D.
   
h. 	Detailed plan for the first budget period of the contract.
   
i. 	Milestones (technical and commercial) to be achieved by the end of the 
first budget period of the contract.
   
j. 	Discussion of anticipated technical risks and alternative approaches.
   
k. 	Questions to the NCI
   
  2.	Quarterly Report
   
  Phase I
   
  The Contractor shall submit two (2) Quarterly Reports which shall
  include:
   
a. 	Summary of technical objectives with status of each objective clearly 
marked (e.g. previously complete, complete during the reporting period, not 
started, etc.).
   
b. 	Clear description of activities accomplished in the quarter.
   
c. 	Analysis of experimental data and presentation of selected data.
   
d. 	Comments regarding the timeliness of performance.
   
e. 	Brief explanation of objectives/activities to be pursued in the next 
reporting period.
   
  The report shall generally be no longer than five (5) pages excluding
  tables presenting the data, figures, images, and graphs.
   

  	- 9 - 	 

 

 
Contract Number : HHSN261201400013C
 
Phase II
 
The Contractor shall submit Quarterly Reports which shall include the same 
information as required for the Phase I Quarterly Reports. The first 
reporting period in Phase II consists of the first full three (3) months of 
performance including any fractional part of the initial month. Thereafter, 
the reporting period shall consist of three (3) full calendar months.
 
The first Phase II Quarterly Report shall be due 15 calendar days after the 
first complete reporting period. Thereafter, report shall be due on or 
before the 15th calendar day following each reporting period.
 
3.	Draft Updated Commercialization Plan
 
The Contractor shall submit an updated commercialization plan which shall 
include:
 
 a.	Value of the SBIR Project. Expected Outcomes, and Impact
  
    Describe, in layperson's terms, the proposed project and its key
    technology objectives. State the product, process, or service to be
    developed in Phase III. Clarify the need addressed, specifying
    weaknesses in the current approaches to meet this need. In addition,
    describe the commercial applications of the research and the innovation
    inherent in this application. Be sure to also specify the potential
    societal, educational, and scientific benefits of this work. Explain
    the non-commercial impacts to the overall significance of the project.
    Explain how the SBIR contract integrates with the overall business plan
    of the company.
     
 b.	Organization
  
    Give a brief description of the Contractor's organization including
    corporate objectives, core competencies, present size (annual sales
    level and number and types of employees), history of previous Federal
    and non-Federal funding, regulatory experience, and subsequent
    commercialization, and any current products/services that have
    significant sales. Include a short description of the origins of the
    Contractor's organization. Indicate the Contractor's vision for the
    future, how the Contractor will grow/maintain a sustainable business
    entity, and how the Contractor will meet critical management functions
    as the Contractor's organization evolves from a small technology R&D
    business to a successful commercial entity.
     
 c.	Market, Customer, and Competition
  
    Describe the market and/or market segments being targeted and provide a
    brief profile of the potential customer. Tell what significant
    advantages the Contractor's innovation will bring to the market, e.g.,
    better performance, lower cost, faster, more efficient or effective,
    new capability. Explain the hurdles the Contractor will have to
    overcome in order to gain market/customer acceptance of the
    Contractor's innovation. Describe any strategic alliances,
    partnerships, or licensing agreements the Contractor has in place to
    get FDA approval (if required) and to market and sell the Contractor's
    product. Briefly describe the Contractor's marketing and sales
    strategy. Give an overview of the current competitive landscape and any
    potential competitors over the next several years.
     
 d.	Intellectual Property (IP) Protection
  
    Describe how the Contractor is going to protect the IP that results
    from the Contractor's innovation. Also note other actions the
    Contractor may consider taking that will constitute at least a temporal
    barrier to others aiming to provide a solution similar to the
    Contractor's.
  

  	- 10 - 	 

 

 
Contract Number : HHSN261201400013C
 
 e.	Finance Plan
  
    Describe the necessary financing the Contractor will require to
    commercialize the product, process, or service, and when it will be
    required. Describe the Contractor's plans to raise the requisite
    financing to launch the Contractor's innovation into Phase III and
    begin the revenue stream. Plans for this financing stage may be
    demonstrated in one or more of the following ways:
     
· 	Letter of commitment of funding.
  
· 	Letter of intent or evidence of negotiations to provide funding, should 
the Phase II project be successful and the market need still exist.
  
· 	Letter of support for the project and/or some in-kind commitment, e.g., 
to test or evaluate the innovation.
  
· 	Specific steps the Contractor is going to take to secure Phase III 
funding.
  
 f.	Production and Marketing Plan
  
    Describe how the production of the Contractor's product/process/service
    will occur (e.g., in-house manufacturing, contract manufacturing).
    Describe the steps the Contractor will take to market and sell the
    Contractor's product/process/service. For example, explain plans for
    licensing, Internet sales, etc.
     
 g.	Revenue Stream
  
    Explain how the Contractor plans to generate a revenue stream for the
    Contractor's organization should this project be a success. Examples of
    revenue stream generation include, but are not limited to; manufacture
    and direct sales, sales through value added resellers or other
    distributors, joint venture, licensing, service. Describe how the
    Contractor's staffing will change to meet the Contractor's revenue
    expectations.
     
    The Draft Updated Commercialization Plan shall be submitted one (1)
    month before the the Phase I completion date. The Contracting Officer's
    Representative (COR) will provide comments regarding the Draft Updated
    Commercialization Plan within two (2) weeks from the receipt date of
    the document.
     
4. 	Draft Final Report and Draft Summary of Salient Results
 
Phase I
 
The Draft Final Report for Phase I shall consist of the work performed and 
results obtained for the entire contract period of performance of Phase I 
as stated in SECTION F of this contract. This report shall be in sufficient 
detail to describe comprehensively the results achieved.
 
The Draft Summary of Salient Results for Phase I shall be consist of a 
summary (not to exceed 200 words) of salient results achieved during the 
performance of the contract.
 
Both the Draft Final Report and Draft Summary of Salient Results for Phase 
I shall be submitted one (1) month before the the Phase I completion date. 
A Quarterly Report shall not be required for the period when the Phase I 
Final Report is due. The COR will provide comments regarding the Draft 
Final Report and Draft Summary of Salient Results for Phase I within two 
(2) weeks from the receipt date of the document.
 

  	- 11 - 	 

 

 
Contract Number : HHSN261201400013C
 
Phase II
 
The Draft Final Report for Phase II shall consist of the work performed and 
results obtained for the entire contract period of performance of Phase II 
as stated in SECTION F of this contract. This report shall be in sufficient 
detail to describe comprehensively the results achieved.
 
The Draft Summary of Salient Results for Phase II shall consist of a 
summary (not to exceed 200 words) of salient results achieved during the 
performance of the contract.
 
Both the Draft Final Report and Draft Summary of Salient Results for Phase 
II shall be submitted one (1) month before the Phase II contract completion 
date. A Quarterly Report shall not be required for the period when the 
Phase II Final Report is due. The COR will provide comments regarding the 
Draft Final Report and Draft Summary of Salient Results for Phase II within 
two (2) weeks from the receipt date of the document.
 
5. Final Commercialization Plan
   
The Contractor shall provide the Final Commercialization Plan by the 
completion date of the Phase I portion of the contract. This document shall 
include the changes required in the Draft Updated Commercialization Plan as 
well as the comments provided by the COR.
 
6.	Final Report
 
Phase I
 
The Contractor shall provide the Phase I Final Report by the completion 
date of the Phase I portion of the contract. This document shall include 
the changes required in the Phase I Draft Final Report as well as the 
comments provided by the COR.
   
Phase II
   
The Contractor shall provide the Phase II Final Report by the completion 
date of the Phase II portion of the contract. This document shall include 
the changes required in the Phase II Draft Final Report as well as the 
comments provided by the COR.
 
7.	Final Presentation
 
Phase I
 
The Contractor shall prepare and submit a final presentation which shall be 
due on or before the completion date of Phase I portion of the contract. 
Presentation of the slides shall occur either in-person, through Webinar, 
or teleconference. The presentation shall cover the following:
 
a. 	Discussion of the Contractor's organization/project status.
   
b. 	The Contractor's achievements during the Phase I performance period 
(patents, publications, sales, regulatory approvals, partnerships, awards, 
etc.)
   
c. 	Detailed results of the performed research and development.
   
d. 	Discussion of proposed milestones and whether they were achieved during 
the contract performance.
   
e. 	Summary of submitted commercialization plan.
   
f. 	If the Contractor is interested in pursuing Phase II research, detailed 
discussion of the anticipated Phase II technical activities with emphasis 
on how they fit in the commercialization plan. The Phase II research plan 
and commercialization plan shall be included in the final presentation for 
Phase I.
   
g. 	Questions to the NCI.
 

  	- 12 - 	 

 

 
Contract Number : HHSN261201400013C
 
Phase II
 
The Contractor shall prepare and submit a final presentation which shall be 
due on or before the completion date of Phase II portion of the contract. 
Presentation of the slides shall occur either in-person, through webinar, 
or teleconference. The presentation shall cover the following:
 
a. 	Discussion of the Contractor's/project status.
   
b. 	The Contractor's achievements during the performance period (patents, 
publications, sales, regulatory approvals, partnerships, awards, etc.).
 
c. 	Detailed technical results of the performed research and development.
 
d. 	Discussion of proposed milestones and whether they were achieved during 
the contract performance.
 
e. 	Summary of progress towards commercialization.
 
f. 	Questions to the NCI.
 
8.	Final Summary of Salient Results
 
Phase I
 
The Contractor shall submit, with the Phase I Final Report, a final summary 
(not to exceed 200 words) of salient results achieved during the 
performance of the contract.
 
Phase II
 
The Contractor shall submit, with the Phase II Final Report, a final 
summary (not to exceed 200 words) of salient results achieved during the 
performance of the contract.
 
9.	Annual Technical Progress Report for Clinical Research Study Populations
 
The Contractor shall submit information about the inclusion of women and 
members of minority groups and their subpopulations for each study being 
performed under this contract. The Contractor shall submit this information 
in the format indicated in the attachment entitled, "Cumulative Inclusion 
Enrollment Report," which is set forth in SECTION J of this contract. The 
Contractor also shall use this format, modified to indicate that it is a 
final report, for reporting purposes in the final report.
 
The Contractor shall submit the report in accordance with the DELIVERIES 
Article in SECTION F of this contract.
 
In addition, the NIH Policy and Guidelines on the Inclusion of Women and 
Minorities as Subjects in Clinical Research, Amended, October, 2001 
applies. If this contract is for Phase III clinical trials, see II.B of 
these guidelines. The Guidelines may be found at the following website:
 
http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/women_min/guidelines_amended_10_2001.htm
 
Include a description of the plans to conduct analyses, as appropriate, by 
sex/gender and/or racial/ethnic groups in the clinical trial protocol as 
approved by the IRB, and provide a description of the progress in the 
conduct of these analyses, as appropriate, in the annual progress report 
and the final report. If the analysis reveals no subset differences, a 
brief statement to that effect, indicating the subsets analyzed, will 
suffice. The Government strongly encourages inclusion of the results of 
subset analysis in all publication submissions. In the final report, the 
Contractor shall include all final analyses of the data on sex/gender and 
race/ethnicity.
 

  	- 13 - 	 

 

 
Contract Number : HHSN261201400013C
 
b.	Other Reports/Deliverables
 
  1.	Reporting of Financial Conflict of Interest (FCOI) - Phase II
   
    All reports and documentation required by 45 CFR Part 94, Responsible
    Prospective Contractors including, but not limited to, the New FCOI
    Report, Annual FCOI Report, Revised FCOI Report, and the Mitigation
    Report, shall be submitted to the Contracting Officer in Electronic
    format. Thereafter, reports shall be due in accordance with the
    regulatory compliance requirements in 45 CFR Part 94.
     
    45 CFR Part 94 is available at: http://www.ecfr.aov/cai-bin/text-idx?
    c=ecfr&SID=0af84ca649a74846f102aaf664da1623&rgn=div5&view=text&node=45:1.0.1.1.51&idno=45
    . See Part 94.5, Management and reporting of financial conflicts of
    interest for complete information on reporting requirements.
     
    (Reference subparagraph g. of the INSTITUTIONAL RESPONSIBILITY
    REGARDING INVESTIGATOR FINANCIAL CONFLICTS OF INTEREST Article in
    SECTION H of this contract.)
     
  2.	Section 508 Annual Report
   
    The Contractor shall submit an annual Section 508 report in accordance
    with the schedule set forth in the ELECTRONIC AND INFORMATION
    TECHNOLOGY ACCESSIBILITY Article in SECTION H of this contract. The
    Section 508 Report Template and Instructions for completing the report
    are available at: 
    http://www.hhs.aov/web/508/contracting/technologv/vendors.html under
    "Vendor information and Documents."
     
  3.	NIH Small Business Innovation Research (SBIR) Program Life Cycle
  Certification
   
    In accordance with the SBIR/STTR Reauthorization Act of 2011, the
    Contractor shall complete and submit the NIH Small Business Innovation
    Research (SBIR) Life Cycle Certification form, located in SECTION J of
    the contract, to the Contracting Officer. This certification is
    required to ensure the Contractor is meeting the program's requirements
    during the life cycle of the contract.
     
    The Life Cycle Certification form shall be submitted as follows:
     
· 	Phase I SBIR Contractors shall submit the Certification at the time of 
receiving final payment or disbursement.
       
· 	Phase II SBIR Contractors shall submit the Certification prior to 
receiving more than 50% of the total contract amount AND prior to final 
payment or disbursement.
       
    The Contracting Officer, may, at any time after award request further
    clarifications and supporting documentation in order to assist in the
    verification of any information provided by the Contractor.
     
    For additional information, see NIH Policy Notice NOT-OD-13-116,
    entitled, "New Program Certifications Required for SBIR and STTR
    Awards," located at: http://grants.nih.gov/grants/guide/ 
    notice-files/NOT-OD-13-116.html.
     

  	- 14 - 	 

 

 
Contract Number : HHSN261201400013C
 
ARTICLE C.3. INVENTION REPORTING REQUIREMENT
 
All reports and documentation required by FAR Clause 52.227-11, Patent 
Rights-Ownership by the Contractor including, but not limited to, the 
invention disclosure report, the confirmatory license, and the Government 
support certification, shall be directed to the Division of Extramural 
Inventions and Technology Resources (DEITR), OPERA, OER, NIH, 6705 
Rockledge Drive, Suite 310, MSC 7980, Bethesda, Maryland 20892-7980 
(Telephone: 301-435-1986). In addition, one copy of an annual utilization 
report, and a copy of the final invention statement, shall be submitted to 
the Contracting Officer. The final invention statement (see FAR 
27.303(b)(2)(ii)) shall be submitted to the Contracting Officer on the 
completion date of the contract.
 
  All reports shall be submitted in accordance with the DELIVERIES Article
  in SECTION F
   
If no invention is disclosed or no activity has occurred on a previously 
disclosed invention during the applicable reporting period, a negative 
report shall be submitted to the Contracting Officer at the email address 
specified in SECTION F.
 
To assist contractors in complying with invention reporting requirements of 
the clause, the NIH has developed "Interagency Edison," an electronic 
invention reporting system. Use of Interagency Edison is encouraged as it 
streamlines the reporting process and greatly reduces paperwork. Access to 
the system is through a secure interactive Web site to ensure that all 
information submitted is protected. Interagency Edison and information 
relating to the capabilities of the system can be obtained from the Web ( 
http://www.iedison.gov), or by contacting the Extramural Inventions and 
Technology Resources Branch, OPERA, NIH.
 
SECTION D - PACKAGING, MARKING AND SHIPPING
   
All deliverables required under this contract shall be packaged, marked and 
shipped in accordance with Government specifications. At a minimum, all 
deliverables shall be marked with the contract number and Contractor name. 
The Contractor shall guarantee that all required materials shall be 
delivered in immediate usable and acceptable condition.
 
SECTION E - INSPECTION AND ACCEPTANCE
   
a. 	The Contracting Officer or the duly authorized representative will 
perform inspection and acceptance of materials and services to be provided.
   
b. 	For the purpose of this SECTION, the Contracting Officer's 
Representative (COR) is the authorized representative of the Contracting 
Officer.
 
c. 	Inspection and acceptance will be performed at:
      National Cancer Institute
      9609 Medical Center Drive, Room 1W542, MSC 9706 Bethesda, MD
    20892-9706
   
    Acceptance may be presumed unless otherwise indicated in writing by the
    Contracting Officer or the duly authorized representative within 30
    days of receipt.
   
d. 	This contract incorporates the following clause by reference, with the 
same force and effect as if it were given in full text. Upon request, the 
Contracting Officer will make its full text available.
   
      FAR Clause 52.246-9, Inspection of Research and Development (Short
    Form) (April 1984).
   
      FAR Clause 52.246-16, Responsibility for Supplies (April 1984).
   

  	- 15 - 	 

 

 
Contract Number : HHSN261201400013C
 
SECTION F - DELIVERIES OR PERFORMANCE
 
ARTICLE F.1. PERIOD OF PERFORMANCE
 
a. 	The period of performance of this contract shall be from 09/19/2014 
through 06/18/2015.
   
b. 	If the Government exercises its option pursuant to the OPTION PROVISION 
Article in Section H of this contract, the period of performance will be 
increased as listed below:
   
Option 	  	Option Period
  	  	 
Option for Phase II 	  	June 19, 2015 - June 18, 2017
    
ARTICLE F.2. DELIVERIES
   
Satisfactory performance of the final contract shall be deemed to occur 
upon performance of the work described in the Statement of Work Article in 
SECTION C of this contract and upon delivery and acceptance by the 
Contracting Officer, or the duly authorized representative, of the 
following items in accordance with the stated delivery schedule:
 
a. 	The items specified below as described in the REPORTING REQUIREMENTS 
Article in SECTION C of this contract will be required to be delivered 
F.o.b. Destination as set forth in FAR 52.247-35, F.o.b. DESTINATION, 
WITHIN CONSIGNEES PREMISES (APRIL 1984), and in accordance with and by the 
dates specified below:
   
 Item
 No.
  	Description 	  	Delivery Schedule
1. 	  	SBIR Funding Agreement Certification 	  	At time of award, prior to 
the performance of any work under this contract.
2. 	  	Kick Off Presentation 	  	Due at the conclusion of the Kick- Off 
presentation which shall be completed within 30 calendar days of contract 
award.
3. 	  	Quarterly Report One - Phase 1 	  	Due within 15 calendar days of 
completion of month 3 of performance.
4. 	  	Quarterly Report Two - Phase 1 	  	Due within 15 calendar days of 
completion of month 6 of performance.
5. 	  	
Draft Updated Commercialization Plan,
Draft Summary of Salient Results, and Draft Final Report and Draft Final 
Report - Phase 1
  	Due one (1) month before the Phase I completion date.
6. 	  	Final Presentation, Final Summary of Salient Results, Final Report 
and Final Presentation - Phase 1 	  	Due on or before Phase I completion 
date.
7. 	  	Quarterly Reports - Phase II 	  	Within 15 calendar days after each 
reporting period.
8. 	  	Draft Summary of Salient Results, and Draft Final Report and Draft 
Final Report - Phase II 	  	One month prior to the Phase II completion 
date.
9. 	  	Final Summary of Salient Results, Final Report and Final 
Presentation - Phase II 	  	Due on or before the Phase II completion date.
10. 	  	Final Presentation- Phase II 	  	Due on or before the completion of 
Phase II.
   

  	- 16 - 	 

 

 
Contract Number : HHSN261201400013C
 
 Item
 No.
  	Description 	  	Delivery Schedule
11. 	  	Annual Technical Progress Report for Clinical Research Study 
Population (Cumulative Inclusion Enrollment Report) - Phase II 	  	Due one 
year after the start of Phase II.
12. 	  	Protection of Human Subjects Assurance Identification/I RB 
Certification/Declaration of Exemption", Form OMB No. 0990-0263 	  	Prior 
to starting any work involving human subjects.
13. 	  	Annual Utilization Report 	  	Due one year after the start of Phase 
II.
14. 	  	Final Invention Statement 	  	Due on or before contract completion 
date.
15. 	  	Invention Disclosure Report 	  	Due on or before contract 
completion date.
16. 	  	Section 508 Annual Report 	  	Due one year after the start of Phase 
II.
17. 	  	Section 508 Conformance Certification 	  	Due on or before Phase I 
completion date.
18. 	  	New or Revised Financial Conflict of Interest (FCOI) Report and 
Mitigation Report 	  	Due as FCOI arises.
19. 	  	SBIR Program Life Cycle Certification - Phase 1 	  	Due on or 
before Phase I completion date.
20. 	  	SBIR Program Life Cycle Certification - Phase II - Report 1 	  	
Due prior to receiving 50% of the total contract amount.
21. 	  	SBIR Program Life Cycle Certification - Phase II - Report 2 	  	
Due on or before Phase II completion date.
 
 
b. 	The above items shall be addressed and emailed to 
ncibranchbinvoices@mail.nih.gov. The following addresses are provided for 
general correspondence and other deliveries:
  
Addressee 	  	Deliverable Item No 	  	Quantity
Andrea Giuliano, Contract Specialist
National Cancer Institute
Office of Acquisitions, Room 1E148
9609 Medical Center Drive, MSC
9705
Bethesda, MD 20892-9705
  	1-14, 16-21 	  	Electronically
Deepa Narayanan, COR
National Cancer Institute
NCI SBIR & STTR Programs, Room
1W542
9609 Medical Center Drive, MSC
9705
Bethesda, MD 20892-9705
  	2-12 	  	Electronically
OPERA, OEH, NIH
6705 Rockledge Drive
Suite 310, MSC 7980
Bethesda, Maryland 20892-7980 	  	13-15 	  	1 Hard Copy
  

  	- 17 - 	 

 

 
Contract Number : HHSN261201400013C
 
ARTICLE F.3. CLAUSES INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE, FAR 52.252-2 (FEBRUARY 
1998)
 
This contract incorporates the following clause(s) by reference, with the 
same force and effect as if it were given in full text. Upon request, the 
Contracting Officer will make its full text available. Also, the full text 
of a clause may be accessed electronically at this address: 
http://www.acquisition.gov/far.
 
FEDERAL ACQUISITION REGULATION (48 CFR CHAPTER 1) CLAUSE:
 
52.242-15,	Stop Work Order (August 1989) (Applicable to Phase I)
 
52.242-15,	Stop WorkOrder, Alternate I (April 1984) is applicable to Phase 
II of this contract.
 
52.242-17,	Government Delay of Work (April 1984).
 
SECTION G - CONTRACT ADMINISTRATION DATA
 
ARTICLE G.1. CONTRACTING OFFICER'S REPRESENTATIVE (COR)
 
The following Contracting Officer's Representative (COR) will represent the 
Government for the purpose of this contract:
 
Deepa Narayanan, Ph.D.
 
The COR is responsible for: (1) monitoring the Contractor's technical 
progress, including the surveillance and assessment of performance and 
recommending to the Contracting Officer changes in requirements; (2) 
interpreting the statement of work and any other technical performance 
requirements; (3) performing technical evaluation as required; (4) 
performing technical inspections and acceptances required by this contract; 
and (5) assisting in the resolution of technical problems encountered 
during performance.
 
The Contracting Officer is the only person with authority to act as agent 
of the Government under this contract. Only the Contracting Officer has 
authority to: (1) direct or negotiate any changes in the statement of work; 
(2) modify or extend the period of performance; (3) change the delivery 
schedule; (4) authorize reimbursement to the Contractor for any costs 
incurred during the performance of this contract; (5) otherwise change any 
terms and conditions of this contract; or (6) sign written licensing 
agreements. Any signed agreement shall be incorporated by reference in 
Section K of the contract
 
The Government may unilaterally change its COR designation.
 
ARTICLE G.2. KEY PERSONNEL, HHSAR 352.242-70 (January 2006)
 
The key personnel specified in this contract are considered to be essential 
to work performance. At least 30 days prior to diverting any of the 
specified individuals to other programs or contracts (or as soon as 
possible, if an individual must be replaced, for example, as a result of 
leaving the employ of the Contractor), the Contractor shall notify the 
Contracting Officer and shall submit comprehensive justification for the 
diversion or replacement request (including proposed substitutions for key 
personnel) to permit evaluation by the Government of the impact on 
performance under this contract. The Contractor shall not divert or 
otherwise replace any key personnel without the written consent of the 
Contracting Officer. The Government may modify the contract to add or 
delete key personnel at the request of the Contractor or Government.
 
(End of Clause)
    

  	- 18 - 	 

 

 
Contract Number : HHSN261201400013C
 
The following individual is considered to be essential to the work being 
performed hereunder:  
 
Name 	  	 Title
Theodore L. Phillips, M.D. 	  	  Principal Investigator
 
ARTICLE G.3. INVOICE SUBMISSION/CONTRACT FINANCING REQUEST AND CONTRACT 
FINANCIAL REPORT
 
a. 	Invoice Instructions for NIH Fixed-Price Type Contracts, NIH(RC)-2 
(Phase I) and Invoice/Financing Request Instructions and Contract Financial 
Reporting for NIH Cost-Reimbursement Type Contracts NIH(RC)-4 (Phase II), 
are attached and made part of this contract. The Contractor shall follow 
the attached instructions and submission procedures specified below to meet 
the requirements of a "proper invoice" pursuant to FAR Subpart 32.9, Prompt 
Payment.
   
1. 	Payment requests shall be submitted to the offices identified below. 
Do not submit supporting documentation (e.g., receipts, time sheets, vendor 
invoices, etc.) with your payment request unless specified elsewhere in the 
contract or requested by the Contracting Officer.
      
      a.	The original invoice shall be submitted to the following
      designated billing office:
       
       National Institutes of Health
       Office of Financial Management
       Commercial Accounts
       2115 East Jefferson Street, Room 4B-432, MSC 8500
       Bethesda, MD 20892-8500
        
      b.	One courtesy copy of the original invoice shall be submitted
      electronically as follows:
       
1. 	The Contractor shall scan the original payment request (invoice) in 
Adobe Portable Document Format (PDF) along with the necessary supporting 
documentation as one single attachment.
          
2. 	Save the single attachment (scanned invoice along with any supporting 
documentation) in the following format: YourVendorName_Invoice number 
(e.g., if you are submitting Invoice 123456, save the single attachment as 
"Contractor Name_Invoice 123456") [Note: Please do not use special 
characters such as (#, $, %,*, &,!) when saving your attachment. Only the 
underscore symbol (_) is permitted.]
          
3. 	Transmit the saved single attachment via e-mail to the appropriate 
branch's Central Point of Distribution. For the purpose of this contract, 
the Central Point of Distribution is NCI OA Branch B - 
ncibranchbinvoices@mail.nih.gov . Only one payment request shall be 
submitted per e-mail and the subject line of the e-mail shall include the 
Contract Number_ Contract Title_ Contractor's Name_ unique Invoice number
          
         (e.g, HHSN261201400013C_Clinical Development of IPdR for
         Radiosensitizafion_Shuttle Pharmaceuticals, LLS_Invoice 12345) 
         [Note: The original payment request must still be submitted in
         hard copy and mailed to the designated billing office listed in
         subparagraph a, above, to meet the requirements of a "proper
         invoice." Also, The Contractor must certify on the payment request
         that the electronic courtesy copy is a duplicate of the original
         invoice mailed to NIH's Office of Financial Management.]
          

  	- 19 - 	 

 

 
Contract Number : HHSN261201400013C
 
2. 	In addition to the requirements specified in FAR 32.905 for a proper 
invoice, the Contractor shall include the following information on the face 
page of all payment requests:
    
a. 	Name of the Office of Acquisitions. The Office of Acquisitions for this 
contract is National Cancer Institute.
      
b. 	Federal Taxpayer Identification Number (TIN). If the Contractor does 
not have a valid TIN, it shall identify the Vendor Identification Number 
(VIN) on the payment request. The VIN is the number that appears after the 
Contractor's name on the face page of the contract. [Note: A VIN is 
assigned to new contracts awarded on or after June 4, 2007, and any 
existing contract modified to include the VIN number.] If the Contractor 
has neither a TIN, DUNS, or VIN, contact the Contracting Officer.
      
c. 	DUNS or DUNS+4 Number. The DUNS number must identify the Contractor's 
name and address exactly as stated in the contract and as registered in the 
Central Contractor Registration (CCR) database. If the Contractor does not 
have a valid DUNS number, it shall identify the Vendor Identification 
Number (VIN) on the payment request. The VIN is the number that appears 
after the Contractor's name on the face page of the contract. [ Note: A VIN 
is assigned to new contracts awarded on or after June 4, 2007, and any 
existing contract modified to include the VIN number.] If the Contractor 
has neither a TIN, DUNS, or VIN, contact the Contracting Officer.
      
d. 	Invoice Matching Option. This contract requires a two-way match.
      
e. 	Unique Invoice Number. Each payment request must be identified by a 
unique invoice number, which can only be used one time regardless of the 
number of contracts or orders held by an organization.
      
f. 	The contract period of performance is: 9/19/2014 - 6/18/2015
      
g. 	The Contract Title is:
       
      Clinical Development of IPdR for Radiosensitization
       
h. 	Contract Line Items as follows:
      
Line Item # 	  	Line Item Description
1 	  	Clinical Development of IPdR for Radiosensitization
 
b. 	Inquiries regarding payment of invoices shall be directed to the 
designated billing office, (301) 496-6452.
    

  	- 20 - 	 

 

 
Contract Number : HHSN261201400013C
 
c. 	The Contractor shall include the following certification on every 
invoice for reimbursable costs incurred with Fiscal Year funds subject to 
HHSAR Clause 352.231-70, Salary Rate Limitation in SECTION I of this 
contract. For billing purposes, certified invoices are required for the 
billing period during which the applicable Fiscal Year funds were initially 
charged through the final billing period utilizing the applicable Fiscal 
Year funds:
   
      "I hereby certify that the salaries charged in this invoice are in
      compliance with HHSAR Clause 352.231-70, Salary Rate Limitation in
      SECTION I of the above referenced contract."
       
 ARTICLE G.4. PROVIDING ACCELERATED PAYMENT TO SMALL BUSINESS
 SUBCONTRACTORS, FAR 52.232-40 (December 2013)
  
a. 	Upon receipt of accelerated payments from the Government, the 
Contractor shall make accelerated payments to its small business 
subcontractors under this contract, to the maximum extent practicable and 
prior to when such payment is otherwise required under the applicable 
contract or subcontract, after receipt of a proper invoice and all other 
required documentation from the small business subcontractor.
   
b. 	The acceleration of payments under this clause does not provide any new 
rights under the prompt Payment Act.
 
c. 	Include the substance of this clause, include this paragraph c, in all 
subcontracts with small business concerns, including subcontracts with 
small business concerns for the acquisition of commercial items.
            (End of Clause)
             
ARTICLE G.5. GOVERNMENT PROPERTY
   
a. 	In addition to the requirements of the clause, GOVERNMENT PROPERTY, 
incorporated in SECTION I of this contract, the Contractor shall comply 
with the provisions of HHS Publication, "HHS Contracting Guide for Contract 
of Government Property," which is incorporated into this contract by 
reference. This document can be accessed at:
  http://www.hhs.gov/hhsmanuals/logisticsmanual/Appendix Q _HHS Contracting
  Guide.pdf.
  Among other issues, this publication provides a summary of the
  Contractor's responsibilities regarding purchasing authorizations and
  inventory and reporting requirements under the contract.
   
  Requests for information regarding property under this contract should be
  directed to the following office:
   
      Division of Logistics Services, NIH
      Property Management Branch
      6011 Building, Suite 639
      6011 EXECUTIVE BLVD MSC 7670
      BETHESDA MD 20892-7670
      nihcontractproperty@nih.gov
       
b. 	Notwithstanding the provisions outlined in the HHS Publication, "HHS 
Contracting Guide for Contract of Government Property," which is 
incorporated in this contract in paragraph a. above, the Contractor shall 
use the form entitled, "Report of Government Owned, Contractor Held 
Property" for submitting summary reports required under this contract, as 
directed by the Contracting Officer or his/her designee. This form is 
included as an attachment in SECTION J of this contract.
   
c. 	Contractor-Acquired Government Property - Schedule l-B
   
  Pursuant to the clause, GOVERNMENT PROPERTY, incorporated in this
  contract, the Contractor will be authorized to acquire the property
  listed in the attached Schedule l-B for use in direct performance of the
  contract, following receipt of the Contracting Officer’s written
  approval, based on contractor-furnished prices and evidence of
  competition. Schedule l-B is included as an attachment in SECTION J of
  this contract.
   

  	- 21 - 	 

 

 
Contract Number : HHSN261201400013C
 
ARTICLE G.6. POST AWARD EVALUATION OF CONTRACTOR PERFORMANCE
  
 a.	Contractor Performance Evaluations
  
  Interim and Final evaluations of Contractor performance will be prepared
  on this contract in accordance with FAR Subpart 42.15. The Final
  performance evaluation will be prepared at the time of completion of
  work. In addition to the Final evaluation, Interim evaluations will be
  prepared Annually as determined by the Contracting Officer.
   
  Interim and Final evaluations will be provided to the Contractor as soon
  as practicable after completion of the evaluation. The Contractor will be
  permitted thirty days to review the document and to submit additional
  information or a rebutting statement. If agreement cannot be reached
  between the parties, the matter will be referred to an individual one
  level above the Contracting Officer, whose decision will be final.
   
  Copies of the evaluations, Contractor responses, and review comments, if
  any, will be retained as part of the contract file, and may be used to
  support future award decisions.
   
 b.	Electronic Access to Contractor Performance Evaluations
  
  Contractors may access evaluations through a secure Web site for review
  and comment at the following address:
 
http://www.cpars.gov
 
SECTION H - SPECIAL CONTRACT REQUIREMENTS
 
ARTICLE H.1. PROTECTION OF HUMAN SUBJECTS, HHSAR 352.270-4(b) (January 
2006)
   
a. 	The Contractor agrees that the rights and welfare of human subjects 
involved in research under this contract shall be protected in accordance 
with 45 CFR Part 46 and with the Contractor's current Assurance of 
Compliance on file with the Office for Human Research Protections (OHRP), 
Department of Health and Human Services. The Contractor further agrees to 
provide certification at least annually that the Institutional Review Board 
has reviewed and approved the procedures, which involve human subjects in 
accordance with 45 CFR Part 46 and the Assurance of Compliance.
   
b. 	The Contractor shall bear full responsibility for the performance of 
all work and services involving the use of human subjects under this 
contract and shall ensure that work is conducted in a proper manner and as 
safely as is feasible. The parties hereto agree that the Contractor retains 
the right to control and direct the performance of all work under this 
contract. The Contractor shall not deem anything in this contract to 
constitute the Contractor or any subcontractor, agent or employee of the 
Contractor, or any other person, organization, institution, or group of any 
kind whatsoever, as the agent or employee of the Government. The Contractor 
agrees that it has entered into this contract and will discharge its 
obligations, duties, and undertakings and the work pursuant thereto, 
whether requiring professional judgment or otherwise, as an independent 
contractor without imputing liability on the part of the Government for the 
acts of the Contractor or its employees.
   
c. 	If at any time during the performance of this contract, the Contracting 
Officer determines, in consultation with OHRP that the Contractor is not in 
compliance with any of the requirements and/or standards stated in 
paragraphs (a) and (b) above, the Contracting Officer may immediately 
suspend, in whole or in part, work and further payments under this contract 
until the Contractor corrects the noncompliance. The Contracting Officer 
may communicate the notice of suspension by telephone with confirmation in 
writing. If the Contractor fails to complete corrective action within the 
period of time designated in the Contracting Officer's written notice of 
suspension, the Contracting Officer may, after consultation with OHRP, 
terminate this contract in whole or in part, and the Contractor's name may 
be removed from the list of those contractors with approved Human Subject 
Assurances.
   
 (End of clause)
  

  	- 22 - 	 

 

 
Contract Number : HHSN261201400013C
 
ARTICLE H.2. HUMAN SUBJECTS
 
Research involving human subjects shall not be conducted under this 
contract until the protocol developed in Phase I has been approved by the 
National Cancer Institute, written notice of such approval has been 
provided by the Contracting Officer, and the Contractor has provided to the 
Contracting Officer a properly completed "Protection of Human Subjects 
Assurance Identification/IRB Certification/Declaration of Exemption", Form 
OMB No. 0990-0263 (formerly Optional Form 310) certifying IRB review and 
approval of the protocol. The human subject certification can be met by 
submission of the Contractor's self designated form, provided that it 
contains the information required by the "Protection of Human Subjects 
Assurance Identification/IRB Certification/Declaration of Exemption", Form 
OMB No. 0990-0263 (formerly Optional Form 310).
 
When research involving Human Subjects will take place at collaborating 
sites or other performance sites, the Contractor shall obtain, and keep on 
file, a properly completed "Protection of Human Subjects Assurance 
Identification/IRB Certification/Declaration of Exemption", Form OMB No. 
0990-0263 (formerly Optional Form 310) certifying IRB review and approval 
of the research.
 
ARTICLE H.3. RESTRICTION ON USE OF HUMAN SUBJECTS, HHSAR 352.270-6 (January 
2006)
 
Pursuant to 45 CFR part 46, Protection of Human Research Subjects, the 
Contractor shall not expend funds under this award for research involving 
human subjects or engage in any human subjects research activity prior to 
the Contracting Officer's receipt of a certification that the research has 
been reviewed and approved by the Institutional Review Board (IRB) 
designated under the Contractor's Federal-wide assurance of compliance. 
This restriction applies to all collaborating sites, whether domestic or 
foreign, and subcontractors. The Contractor must ensure compliance by 
collaborators and subcontractors.
 
 (End of clause)
  
Prisoners shall not be enrolled in any HHS research activities until all 
requirements of HHS Regulations at 45 CFR PART 46, Subpart C have been met. 
If a Research Subject becomes a prisoner during the period of this 
contract, 45 CFR PART 46, Subpart C will apply to research involving that 
individual.
 
ARTICLE H.4. REQUIRED EDUCATION IN THE PROTECTION OF HUMAN RESEARCH 
PARTICIPANTS
 
NIH policy requires education on the protection of human subject 
participants for all investigators receiving NIH contract awards for 
research involving human subjects. For a complete description of the NIH 
Policy announcement on required education in the protection of human 
subject participants, the Contractor should access the NIH Guide for 
Grants and Contracts Announcement dated June 5, 2000 at the following 
website:
 
http://grants.nih.gov/grants/guide/notice-files/NOT-OD-00-039.html.
 
The information below is a summary of the NIH Policy Announcement:
 
The Contractor shall maintain the following information: (1) a list of the 
names and titles of the principal investigator and any other individuals 
working under the contract who are responsible for the design and/or 
conduct of the research; (2) the title of the education program(s) in the 
protection of human subjects that has been completed for each named 
personnel and; (3) a one sentence description of the educational program(s) 
listed in (2) above. This requirement extends to investigators and all 
individuals responsible for the design and/or conduct of the research who 
are working as subcontractors or consultants under the contract.
 
Prior to any substitution of the Principal Investigator or any other 
individuals responsible for the design and/or conduct of the research under 
the contract, the Contractor shall provide the following written 
information to the Contracting Officer: the title of the education program 
and a one sentence description of the program that has been completed by 
the replacement.
 

  	- 23 - 	 

 

 
Contract Number : HHSN261201400013C
 
ARTICLE H.5. DATA AND SAFETY MONITORING IN CLINICAL TRIALS
 
The Contractor is directed to the full text of the NIH Policy regarding 
Data and Safety Monitoring and Reporting of Adverse Events, which may be 
found at the following web sites:
 
  http://grants.nih.gov/grants/guide/notice-files/not98-084.html
  http://grants.nih.gov/grants/guide/notice-files/not99-107.html
  http://grants.nih.gov/grants/guide/notice-files/NOT-OD-00-038.html
   
The Contractor must comply with the NIH Policy cited in these NIH 
Announcements and any other data and safety monitoring requirements found 
elsewhere in this contract.
 
Data and Safety Monitoring shall be performed in accordance with the 
approved Data and Safety Monitoring Plan.
 
The Data and Safety Monitoring Board shall be established and approved 
prior to beginning the conduct of the clinical trial.
 
ARTICLE H.6. REGISTRATION AND RESULTS REPORTING FOR APPLICABLE CLINICAL 
TRIALS IN CLINICALTRIALS.GOV
 
The Food and Drug Administration Amendments Act of 2007 (FDAAA) at: 
http://frwebgate.access.gpo.gov/cgi-bin/g,
etdoc.cgi?dbname=110_cong_public_Iaws&docid=f:publ085.110.pdf, Title VIII, 
expands the National Institutes of Health's (NIH's) clinical trials 
registry and results database known as ClinicalTrials.gov and imposes new 
requirements that apply to specified "applicable clinical trials," 
including those supported in whole or in part by NIH funds. FDAAA requires:
 
· 	the registration of certain "applicable clinical trials" (see 
Definitions at: http://grants.nih.gov/ClinicalTrials_fdaaa/
definitions.htm) in ClinicalTrials.gov no later than 21 days after the 
first subject is enrolled; and
   
· 	the reporting of summary results information (including adverse events) 
no later than 1 year after the completion date (See Definitions at link 
above) for registered applicable clinical trials involving drugs that are 
approved under section 505 of the Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act (FDCA) or 
licensed under section 351 of the PHS Act, biologies, or of devices that 
are cleared under section 510k of FDCA.
   
In addition, the Contractor shall notify the Contracting Officer's 
Representative (COR), with the trial registration number (NCT number), once 
the registration is accomplished. This notification may be included in the 
Technical Progress Report covering the period in which registration 
occurred, or as a stand alone notification.
 
The Contractor is the Sponsor, therefore the "Responsible Party" for the 
purposes of compliance with FDAAA which includes registration (and results 
reporting, if required) of applicable clinical trial(s) performed under 
this contract in the Government database, ClinicalTrials.gov ( 
http://www.ClinicalTrials.gov).
 
Additional information is available at: http://prsinfo.clinicaltrials.gov 
.
 
ARTICLE H.7. NIH POLICY ON ENHANCING PUBLIC ACCESS TO ARCHIVED PUBLICATIONS 
RESULTING FROM NIH-FUNDED RESEARCH
 
NIH-funded investigators shall submit to the NIH National Library of 
Medicine's (NLM) PubMed Central (PMC) an electronic version of the author's 
final manuscript, upon acceptance for publication, resulting from research 
supported in whole or in part with direct costs from NIH. NIH defines the 
author's final manuscript as the final version accepted for journal 
publication, and includes all modifications from the publishing peer review 
process. The PMC archive will preserve permanently these manuscripts for 
use by the public, health care providers, educators, scientists, and NIH. 
The Policy directs electronic submissions to the NIH/NLM/PMC: 
http://www.pubmedcentral.nih.gov.
 
Additional information is available at 
http://grants.nih.gov/grants/guide/notice-files/NOT-OD-08-033.html.
 

  	- 24 - 	 

 

 
Contract Number : HHSN261201400013C
 
ARTICLE H.8. NEEDLE DISTRIBUTION
 
The Contractor shall not use contract funds to carry out any program of 
distributing sterile needles or syringes for the hypodermic injection of 
any illegal drug.
 
ARTICLE H.9. ACKNOWLEDGEMENT OF FEDERAL FUNDING
 
The Contractor shall clearly state, when issuing statements, press 
releases, requests for proposals, bid solicitations and other documents 
describing projects or programs funded in whole or in part with Federal 
money: (1) the percentage of the total costs of the program or project 
which will be financed with Federal money; (2) the dollar amount of 
Federal funds for the project or program; and (3) the percentage and dollar 
amount of the total costs of the project or program that will be financed 
by nongovernmental sources.
 
ARTICLE H.10. RESTRICTION ON ABORTIONS
 
The Contractor shall not use contract funds for any abortion.
 
ARTICLE H.11. CONTINUED BAN ON FUNDING OF HUMAN EMBRYO RESEARCH
 
The Contractor shall not use contract funds for (1) the creation of a human 
embryo or embryos for research purposes; or (2) research in which a human 
embryo or embryos are destroyed, discarded, or knowingly subjected to risk 
of injury or death greater than that allowed for research on fetuses in 
utero under 45 CFR 46.204(b) and Section 498(b) of the Public Health 
Service Act (42 U.S.C. 289g(b)). The term "human embryo or embryos" 
includes any organism, not protected as a human subject under 45 CFR 46 as 
of the date of the enactment of this Act, that is derived by fertilization, 
parthenogenesis, cloning, or any other means from one or more human gametes 
or human diploid cells.
 
Additionally, in accordance with a March 4,1997 Presidential Memorandum, 
Federal funds may not be used for cloning of human beings.
 
ARTICLE H.12. DISSEMINATION OF FALSE OR DELIBERATELY MISLEADING INFORMATION
 
The Contractor shall not use contract funds to disseminate information that 
is deliberately false or misleading.
 
ARTICLE H.13. PRIVACY ACT, HHSAR 352.224-70 (January 2006)
 
This contract requires the Contractor to perform one or more of the 
following: (a) Design; (b) develop; or (c) operate a Federal agency system 
of records to accomplish an agency function in accordance with the Privacy 
Act of 1974 (Act) (5 U.S.C. 552a(m)(1)) and applicable agency regulations. 
The term "system of records" means a group of any records under the control 
of any agency from which information is retrieved by the name of the 
individual or by some identifying number, symbol, or other identifying 
particular assigned to the individual. Violations of the Act by the 
Contractor and/or its employees may result in the imposition of criminal 
penalties (5 U.S.C. 552a(i)). The Contractor shall ensure that each of its 
employees knows the prescribed rules of conduct and that each employee is 
aware that he/she is subject to criminal penalties for violation of the Act 
to the same extent as Department of Health and Human Services employees. 
These provisions also apply to all subcontracts the Contractor awards under 
this contract which require the design, development or operation of the 
designated system(s) of records [5 U.S.C. 552a(m)(1)]. The contract work 
statement: (a) identifies the system(s) of records and the design, 
development, or operation work the Contractor is to perform; and (b) 
specifies the disposition to be made of such records upon completion of 
contract performance.
 
(End of clause)
   
45 CFR Part 5b contains additional information which includes the rules of 
conduct and other Privacy Act requirements and can be found at: 
http://www.access.gpo.gov/nara/cfr/waisidx_06/45cfr5b_06.html.
 

  	- 25 - 	 

 

 
Contract Number : HHSN261201400013C
 
The Privacy Act System of Records applicable to this project is Number 
09-25-0200. This document is incorporated into this contract as an 
Attachment in SECTION J of this contract. This document is also available 
at: http:// oma.od.nih.gov/public/MS/privacy/PAfiles/read02svstems.htm.
 
ARTICLE H. 14. OMB CLEARANCE
 
In accordance with HHSAR 352.201-70, Paperwork Reduction Act, the 
Contractor shall not proceed with surveys or interviews until such time as 
Office of Management and Budget (OMB) Clearance for conducting interviews 
has been obtained by the Contracting Officer's Representative (COR) and the 
Contracting Officer has issued written approval to proceed.
 
ARTICLE H. 15. RESTRICTION ON PORNOGRAPHY ON COMPUTER NETWORKS
 
The Contractor shall not use contract funds to maintain or establish a 
computer network unless such network blocks the viewing, downloading, and 
exchanging of pornography.
 
ARTICLE H. 16. GUN CONTROL
 
The Contractor shall not use contract funds in whole or in part, to 
advocate or promote gun control.
 
ARTICLE H. 17. CERTIFICATION OF FILING AND PAYMENT OF TAXES
 
The contractor must be in compliance with Section 518 of the Consolidated 
Appropriations Act of FY 2014.
 
ARTICLE H. 18. OPTION PROVISION
 
Unless the Government exercises its option pursuant to the Option Clause 
set forth in SECTION I., the contract will consist only of the Base Period 
of the Statement of Work as defined in Sections C and F of the contract. 
Pursuant to FAR Clause 52.217-9, Option to Extend the Term of the Contract 
set forth in SECTION I. of this contract, the Government may, by unilateral 
contract modification, require the Contractor to perform additional options 
set forth in the Statement of Work and also defined in Sections C and F of 
the contract. If the Government exercises this option, notice must be given 
at least 30 calendar days prior to the expiration date of this contract, 
and the estimated cost plus fixed fee of the contract will be increased as 
set forth in the OPTION FOR PHASE II Article in SECTION B of this contract.
 
ARTICLE H. 19. LIMITATIONS ON SUBCONTRACTING - SBIR
 
Phase I - The Contractor shall perform a minimum of two-thirds of the 
research and/or analytical effort (total contract price less profit/fee) 
conducted under this contract. Any deviation from this requirement must be 
approved in writing by the Contracting Officer.
 
Phase II - The Contractor shall perform a minimum of one-half of the 
research and/or analytical effort (total contract price less profit/fee) 
conducted under this contract. Any deviation from this requirement must be 
approved in writing by the Contracting Officer.
 

  	- 26 - 	 

 

 
Contract Number : HHSN261201400013C
 
ARTICLE H.20. ELECTRONIC AND INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY ACCESSIBILITY, HHSAR 
352.239-73(b) (January 2010)
   
a. 	Pursuant to Section 508 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973 (29 U.S.C. 
794d), as amended by the Workforce Investment Act of 1998, all electronic 
and information technology (EIT) products and services developed, acquired, 
maintained, or used under this contract/order must comply with the 
"Electronic and Information Technology Accessibility Provisions" set forth 
by the Architectural and Transportation Barriers Compliance Board (also 
referred to as the "Access Board") in 36 CFR part 1194. Information about 
Section 508 provisions is available at http://www.section508.gov/. The 
complete text of Section 508 Final provisions can be accessed at 
http://www.access-board.gov/guidelines-and-standards.
 
b. 	The Section 508 standards applicable to this contract/order are 
identified in the Statement of Work. The contractor must provide a written 
Section 508 conformance certification due at the end of each contract/order 
exceeding $100,000 when the contract/order duration is one year or less. If 
it is determined by the Government that EIT products and services provided 
by the Contractor do not conform to the described accessibility standards 
in the Product Assessment Template, remediation of the products or services 
to the level of conformance specified in the Contractor's Product 
Assessment Template will be the responsibility of the Contractor at its own 
expense.
   
c. 	In the event of a modification(s) to this contract/order, which adds 
new EIT products or services or revises the type of, or specifications for, 
products or services the Contractor is to provide, including EIT 
deliverables such as electronic documents and reports, the Contracting 
Officer may require that the contractor submit a completed HHS Section 508 
Product Assessment Template to assist the Government in determining that 
the EIT products or services support Section 508 accessibility standards. 
Instructions for documenting accessibility via the HHS Section 508 Product 
Assessment Template may be found on the HHS Web site ( http://www.hhs.gov/ 
web/508/contracting/technology/vendors.html).
   
  [(End of HHSAR 352.239-73(b)]
   
d. 	Prior to the Contracting Officer exercising an option for a subsequent 
performance period/additional quantity or adding funding for a subsequent 
performance period under this contract, as applicable, the Contractor must 
provide a Section 508 Annual Report to the Contracting Officer and Project 
Officer. Unless otherwise directed by the Contracting Officer in writing, 
the Contractor shall provide the cited report in accordance with the 
following schedule. Instructions for completing the report are available in 
the Section 508 policy on the HHS Office on Disability Web site under the 
heading Vendor Information and Documents. The Contractor's failure to 
submit a timely and properly completed report may jeopardize the 
Contracting Officer's exercising an option or adding funding, as 
applicable.
   
  Schedule for Contractor Submission of Section 508 Annual Report: 
  Annually
  [End of HHSAR 352.239-73(c)]
 
ARTICLE H.21. CONFIDENTIALITY OF INFORMATION
   
a. 	Confidential information, as used in this article, means information or 
data of a personal nature about an individual, or proprietary information 
or data submitted by or pertaining to an institution or organization.
   
b. 	The Contracting Officer and the Contractor may, by mutual consent, 
identify elsewhere in this contract specific information and/or categories 
of information which the Government will furnish to the Contractor or that 
the Contractor is expected to generate which is confidential. Similarly, 
the Contracting Officer and the Contractor may, by mutual consent, identify 
such confidential information from time to time during the performance of 
the contract. Failure to agree will be settled pursuant to the "Disputes" 
clause.
 

  	- 27 - 	 

 

 
Contract Number : HHSN261201400013C
 
c. 	If it is established elsewhere in this contract that information to be 
utilized under this contract, or a portion thereof, is subject to the 
Privacy Act, the Contractor will follow the rules and procedures of 
disclosure set forth in the Privacy Act of 1974, 5 U.S.C. 552a, and 
implementing regulations and policies, with respect to systems of records 
determined to be subject to the Privacy Act.
   
d. 	Confidential information, as defined in paragraph (a) of this article, 
shall not be disclosed without the prior written consent of the individual, 
institution, or organization.
   
e. 	Whenever the Contractor is uncertain with regard to the proper handling 
of material under the contract, or if the material in question is subject 
to the Privacy Act or is confidential information subject to the provisions 
of this article, the Contractor should obtain a written determination from 
the Contracting Officer prior to any release, disclosure, dissemination, or 
publication.
   
f. 	Contracting Officer determinations will reflect the result of internal 
coordination with appropriate program and legal officials.
   
g. 	The provisions of paragraph (d) of this article shall not apply to 
conflicting or overlapping provisions in other Federal, State or local 
laws.
 
The following information is covered by this article:
 
All data on participants in the clinical trial(s) performed under this 
contract.
 
ARTICLE H.22. INSTITUTIONAL RESPONSIBILITY REGARDING INVESTIGATOR FINANCIAL 
CONFLICTS OF INTEREST - PHASE II
 
The Institution (includes any contractor, public or private, excluding a 
Federal agency) shall comply with the requirements of 45 CFR Part 94, 
Responsible Prospective Contractors, which promotes objectivity in research 
by establishing standards to ensure that Investigators (defined as the 
project director or principal Investigator and any other person, regardless 
of title or position, who is responsible for the design, conduct, or 
reporting of research funded under NIH contracts, or proposed for such 
funding, which may include, for example, collaborators or consultants) will 
not be biased by any Investigator financial conflicts of interest. 45 CFR 
Part 94 is available at the following Web site:: 
http://www.ecfr.gov/cgi-bin/text-idx? 
c=ecfr&SID=0af84ca649a74846f102aaf664da1623&rgn=div5&view=text&node=45:1.0.1.1.51 
&idno=45 As required by 45 CFR Part 94, the Institution shall, at a 
minimum:
   
a. 	Maintain an up-to-date, written, enforceable policy on financial 
conflicts of interest that complies with 45 CFR Part 94, inform each 
Investigator of the policy, the Investigator's reporting responsibilities 
regarding disclosure of significant financial interests, and the applicable 
regulation, and make such policy available via a publicly accessible Web 
site, or if none currently exist, available to any requestor within five 
business days of a request. A significant financial interest means a 
financial interest consisting of one or more of the following interests of 
the Investigator (and those of the Investigator's spouse and dependent 
children) that reasonably appears to be related to the Investigator’s 
institutional responsibilities:
      
1. 	With regard to any publicly traded entity, a significant financial 
interest exists if the value of any remuneration received from the entity 
in the twelve months preceding the disclosure and the value of any equity 
interest in the entity as of the date of disclosure, when aggregated, 
exceeds $5,000. Included are payments and equity interests;
      
2. 	With regard to any non-publicly traded entity, a significant financial 
interest exists if the value of any remuneration received from the entity 
in the twelve months preceding the disclosure, when aggregated, exceeds 
$5,000, or when the Investigator (or the Investigator's spouse or dependent 
children) holds any equity interest; or
    
3. 	Intellectual property rights and interests, upon receipt of income 
related to such rights and interest.
    

  	- 28 - 	 

 

 
Contract Number : HHSN261201400013C
 
  Significant financial interests do not include the following:
     
1. 	Income from seminars, lectures, or teaching, and service on advisory or 
review panels for government agencies, Institutions of higher education, 
academic teaching hospitals, medical centers, or research institutes with 
an Institution of higher learning; and
     
2. 	Income from investment vehicles, such as mutual funds and retirement 
accounts, as long as the Investigator does not directly control the 
investment decisions made in these vehicles.
  
b. 	Require each Investigator to complete training regarding the 
Institution's financial conflicts of interest policy prior to engaging in 
research related to any NIH-funded contract and at least every four years. 
The Institution must take reasonable steps [see Part 94.4(c)] to ensure 
that investigators working as collaborators, consultants or subcontractors 
comply with the regulations.
  
c. 	Designate an official(s) to solicit and review disclosures of 
significant financial interests from each Investigator who is planning to 
participate in, or is participating in, the NIH-funded research.
  
d. 	Require that each Investigator who is planning to participate in the 
NIH-funded research disclose to the Institution's designated official(s) 
the Investigator's significant financial interest (and those of the 
Investigator's spouse and dependent children) no later than the date of 
submission of the Institution's proposal for NIH- funded research. Require 
that each Investigator who is participating in the NIH-funded research to 
submit an updated disclosure of significant financial interests at least 
annually, in accordance with the specific time period prescribed by the 
Institution during the period of the award as well as within thirty days of 
discovering or acquiring a new significant financial interest.
  
e. 	Provide guidelines consistent with the regulations for the designated 
official(s) to determine whether an Investigator's significant financial 
interest is related to NIH-funded research and, if so related, whether the 
significant financial interest is a financial conflict of interest. An 
Investigator's significant financial interest is related to NIH-funded 
research when the Institution, thorough its designated official(s), 
reasonably determines that the significant financial interest: Could be 
affected by the NIH-funded research; or is in an entity whose financial 
interest could be affected by the research. A financial conflict of 
interest exists when the Institution, through its designated official(s), 
reasonably determines that the significant financial interest could 
directly and significantly affect the design, conduct, or reporting of the 
NIH-funded research.
  
f. 	Take such actions as necessary to manage financial conflicts of 
interest, including any financial conflicts of a subcontractor 
Investigator. Management of an identified financial conflict of interest 
requires development and implementation of a management plan and, if 
necessary, a retrospective review and mitigation report pursuant to Part 
94.5(a).
 
g. 	Provide initial and ongoing FCOI reports to the Contracting Officer 
pursuant to Part 94.5(b).
  
h. 	Maintain records relating to all Investigator disclosures of financial 
interests and the Institution's review of, and response to, such 
disclosures, and all actions under the Institution's policy or 
retrospective review, if applicable, for at least 3 years from the date of 
final payment or, where applicable, for the other time periods specified in 
48 CFR Part 4, subpart 4.7, Contract Records Retention.
  
i. 	Establish adequate enforcement mechanisms and provide for employee 
sanctions or other administrative actions to ensure Investigator compliance 
as appropriate.
 

  	- 29 - 	 

 

 
Contract Number : HHSN261201400013C
 
j. 	Complete the certification in Section K - Representations, 
Certifications, and Other Statements of Offerors titled "Certification of 
Institutional Policy on Financial Conflicts of Interest".
 
If the failure of an Institution to comply with an Institution's financial 
conflicts of interest policy or a financial conflict of interest management 
plan appears to have biased the design, conduct, or reporting of the 
NIH-funded research, the Institution must promptly notify the Contracting 
Officer of the corrective action taken or to be taken. The Contracting 
Officer will consider the situation and, as necessary, take appropriate 
action or refer the matter to the Institution for further action, which may 
include directions to the Institution on how to maintain appropriate 
objectivity in the NIH-funded research project.
 
The Contracting Officer and/or HHS may inquire at any time before, during, 
or after award into any Investigator disclosure of financial interests, and 
the Institution's review of, and response to, such disclosure, regardless 
of whether the disclosure resulted in the Institution's determination of a 
financial conflict of interests.. The Contracting Officer may require 
submission of the records or review them on site. On the basis of this 
review of records or other information that may be available, the 
Contracting Officer may decide that a particular financial conflict of 
interest will bias the objectivity of the NIH-funded research to such an 
extent that further corrective action is needed or that the Institution has 
not managed the financial conflict of interest in accordance with Part 
94.6(b). The issuance of a Stop Work Order by the Contracting Officer may 
be necessary until the matter is resolved.
 
If the Contracting Officer determines that NIH-funded clinical research, 
whose purpose is to evaluate the safety or effectiveness of a drug, medical 
device, or treatment, has been designed, conducted, or reported by an 
Investigator with a financial conflict of interest that was not managed or 
reported by the Institution, the Institution shall require the Investigator 
involved to disclose the financial conflict of interest in each public 
presentation of the results of the research and to request an addendum to 
previously published presentations.
 
ARTICLE H.23. PUBLICATION AND PUBLICITY
 
In addition to the requirements set forth in HHSAR Clause 352.227-70, 
Publications and Publicity incorporated by reference in SECTION I of this 
contract, the Contractor shall acknowledge the support of the National 
Institutes of Health whenever publicizing the work under this contract in 
any media by including an acknowledgment substantially as follows:
   
  "This project has been funded in whole or in part with Federal funds from
  the National Cancer Institute, National Institutes of Health, Department
  of Health and Human Services, under Contract No. HHSN261201400013C"
 
ARTICLE H.24. REPORTING MATTERS INVOLVING FRAUD, WASTE AND ABUSE
 
Anyone who becomes aware of the existence or apparent existence of fraud, 
waste and abuse in NIH funded programs is encouraged to report such matters 
to the HHS Inspector General's Office in writing or on the Inspector 
General's Hotline. The toll free number is 1-800-HHS-TIPS (1-800-447-8477). 
All telephone calls will be handled confidentially. The website to file a 
complaint on-line is: http://oig.hhs.gov/fraud/hotline/ and the mailing 
address is:
     
    US Department of Health and Human Services
    Office of Inspector General
    ATTN: OIG HOTLINE OPERATIONS
    P.O. Box 23489
    Washington, D.C. 20026
     

  	- 30 - 	 

 

 
Contract Number : HHSN261201400013C
 
ARTICLE H.25. YEAR 2000 COMPLIANCE
 
In accordance with FAR 39.106, Information Technology acquired under this 
contract must be Year 2000 compliant as set forth in the following 
clause(s):
 
1. 	Service Involving the Use of Information Technology
  YEAR 2000 COMPLIANCE–SERVICE INVOLVING THE USE OF INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY
   
  The Contractor agrees that each item of hardware, software, and firmware
  used under this contract shall be able to accurately process date data
  (including, but not limited to, calculating, comparing and sequencing)
  from, into and between the twentieth and twenty-first centuries and the
  Year 1999 and the Year 2000 and leap year calculations.
                        
(End of Clause)
 
ARTICLE H.26. USE OF FUNDS FOR PROMOTIONAL ITEMS
 
The Contractor shall not use contract funds to purchase promotional items. 
Promotional items include, but are not limited to: clothing and 
commemorative items such as pens, mugs/cups, folders/folios, lanyards, and 
conference bags that are sometimes provided to visitors, employees, 
grantees, or conference attendees. This includes items or tokens given to 
individuals as these are considered personal gifts for which contract funds 
may not be expended.
 

  	- 31 - 	 

 

 
Contract Number : HHSN261201400013C
 
PART II - CONTRACT CLAUSES
 
SECTION I - CONTRACT CLAUSES
 
ARTICLE I.1. GENERAL CLAUSES FOR A FIXED-PRICE RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT 
SBIR PHASE I CONTRACT
 
This contract incorporates the following clauses by reference, with the 
same force and effect as if they were given in full text. Upon request, the 
Contracting Officer will make their full text available. Also, the full 
text of a clause may be accessed electronically as follows: FAR Clauses at: 
http://www. acquisition, gov/far/. HHSAR Clauses at: http:// 
www.hhs.gov/policies/hhsar/subpart352.html.
 
a. FEDERAL ACQUISITION REGULATION (FAR) (48 CFR CHAPTER 1) CLAUSES:
 
FAR 	  	  	  	 
CLAUSE NO. 	  	DATE 	  	TITLE
  	  	  	  	 
52.202-1 	  	Nov 2013 	  	Definitions (Over the Simplified Acquisition 
Threshold)
  	  	  	  	 
52.203-12 	  	Oct 2010 	  	Limitation on Payments to Influence Certain 
Federal Transactions (Over $150,000)
  	  	  	  	 
52.203-17 	  	Apr 2014 	  	Contractor Employee Whistleblower Rights and 
Requirements to Inform Employees of Whistleblower Rights (Over the 
Simplified Acquisition Threshold)
  	  	  	  	 
52.204-10 	  	Jul 2013 	  	Reporting Executive Compensation and First-Tier 
Subcontract Awards ($25,000 or more)
  	  	  	  	 
52.204-13 	  	Jul 2013 	  	System for Award Management Maintenance
  	  	  	  	 
52.209-6 	  	Aug 2013 	  	Protecting the Government's Interest When 
Subcontracting With Contractors Debarred, Suspended, or Proposed for 
Debarment (Over $30,000)
  	  	  	  	 
52.215-8 	  	Oct 1997 	  	Order of Precedence - Uniform Contract Format
  	  	  	  	 
52.219-6 	  	Jul 1996 	  	Notice of Total Small Business Set-Aside
  	  	  	  	 
52.222-3 	  	Jun 2003 	  	Convict Labor
  	  	  	  	 
52.222-21 	  	Feb 1999 	  	Prohibition of Segregated Facilities
  	  	  	  	 
52.222-26 	  	Mar 2007 	  	Equal Opportunity
  	  	  	  	 
52.222-35 	  	Jul 2014 	  	Equal Opportunity for Veterans ($100,000 or 
more)
  	  	  	  	 
52.222-36 	  	Jul 2014 	  	Equal Opportunity for Workers with Disabilities
  	  	  	  	 
52.222-37 	  	Jul 2014 	  	Employment Reports on Veterans ($100,000 or 
more)
  	  	  	  	 
52.222-50 	  	Feb 2009 	  	Combating Trafficking in Persons
  	  	  	  	 
52.222-54 	  	Aug 2013 	  	Employment Eligibility Verification (Over the 
Simplified Acquisition Threshold)
  	  	  	  	 
52.223-6 	  	May 2001 	  	Drug-Free Workplace
  	  	  	  	 
52.223-18 	  	Aug 2011 	  	Encouraging Contractor Policies to Ban Text 
Messaging While Driving
  	  	  	  	 
52.225-1 	  	May 2014 	  	Buy American - Supplies
  	  	  	  	 
52.225-13 	  	Jun 2008 	  	Restrictions on Certain Foreign Purchases
  	  	  	  	 
52.227-1 	  	Dec 2007 	  	Authorization and Consent, Alternate I (Apr 1984)
  	  	  	  	 
52.227-2 	  	Dec 2007 	  	Notice and Assistance Regarding Patent and 
Copyright Infringement
  	  	  	  	 
52.227-11 	  	May 2014 	  	Patent Rights - Ownership by the Contractor 
(Note: In accordance with FAR 27.303(b)(2), paragraph (e) is modified to 
include the requirements in FAR 27.303(b)(2)(i) through (iv). The frequency 
of reporting in (i) is annual.
 

  	- 32 - 	 

 

 
Contract Number : HHSN261201400013C
 
FAR
CLAUSE NO.
  	DATE 	  	TITLE
  	  	  	  	 
52.227-20 	  	May 2014 	  	Rights in Data - SBIR Program
  	  	  	  	 
52.232-9 	  	Apr 1984 	  	Limitation on Withholding of Payments
  	  	  	  	 
52.232-23 	  	May 2014 	  	Assignment of Claims
  	  	  	  	 
52.232-25 	  	Jul 2013 	  	Prompt Payment
  	  	  	  	 
52.232-33 	  	Jul 2013 	  	Payment by Electronic Funds Transfer-System for 
Award Management
  	  	  	  	 
52.232-39 	  	Jun 2013 	  	Unenforceability of Unauthorized Obligations
  	  	  	  	 
52.233-1 	  	May 2014 	  	Disputes
  	  	  	  	 
52.233-3 	  	Aug 1996 	  	Protest After Award
  	  	  	  	 
52.233-4 	  	Oct 2004 	  	Applicable Law for Breach of Contract Claim
  	  	  	  	 
52.243-1 	  	Aug 1987 	  	Changes - Fixed Price, Alternate V (Apr 1984)
  	  	  	  	 
52.244-6 	  	Jul 2014 	  	Subcontracts for Commercial Items
  	  	  	  	 
52.249-1 	  	Apr 1984 	  	Termination for the Convenience of the Government 
(Fixed-Price) (Short Form)
  	  	  	  	 
52.249-9 	  	Apr 1984 	  	Default (Fixed-Price Research and Development) 
(Over the Simplified Acquisition Threshold)
  	  	  	  	 
52.253-1 	  	Jan 1991 	  	Computer Generated Forms
 
b. DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES ACQUISITION REGULATION (HHSAR) 
(48 CFR CHAPTER 3) CLAUSES:
 
HHSAR
CLAUSE NO.
  	DATE 	  	TITLE
  	  	  	  	 
352.202-1 	  	Jan 2006 	  	Definitions
  	  	  	  	 
352.203-70 	  	Mar 2012 	  	Anti-Lobbying
  	  	  	  	 
352.222-70 	  	Jan 2010 	  	Contractor Cooperation in Equal Employment 
Opportunity Investigations
  	  	  	  	 
352.227-70 	  	Jan 2006 	  	Publications and Publicity
  	  	  	  	 
352.231-71 	  	Jan 2001 	  	Pricing of Adjustments
  	  	  	  	 
352.242-70 	  	Jan 2006 	  	Key Personnel
  	  	  	  	 
352.242-73 	  	Jan 2006 	  	Withholding of Contract Payments
 
[End of GENERAL CLAUSES FOR A FIXED-PRICE RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT SBIR 
PHASE I CONTRACT- Rev. 08/2014].
 

  	- 33 - 	 

 

 
Contract Number : HHSN261201400013C
 
ARTICLE I.1. GENERAL CLAUSES FOR A COST-REIMBURSEMENT SBIR PHASE II 
CONTRACT
 
This contract incorporates the following clauses by reference, with the 
same force and effect as if they were given in full text. Upon request, the 
Contracting Officer will make their full text available. Also, the full 
text of a clause may be accessed electronically as follows: FAR Clauses at: 
http://www.acquisition.gov/far/. HHSAR Clauses at: http://www.hhs. 
gov/policies/hhsar/subpart352.html.
 
a. 	FEDERAL ACQUISITION REGULATION (FAR) (48 CFR CHAPTER 1) CLAUSES:
 
FAR
CLAUSE NO.
  	DATE 	  	TITLE
52.202-1 	  	Nov 2013 	  	Definitions (Over the Simplified Acquisition 
Threshold)
  	  	  	  	 
52.203-3 	  	Apr 1984 	  	Gratuities (Over the Simplified Acquisition 
Threshold)
  	  	  	  	 
52.203-5 	  	May 2014 	  	Covenant Against Contingent Fees (Over the 
Simplified Acquisition Threshold)
  	  	  	  	 
52.203-6 	  	Sep 2006 	  	Restrictions on Subcontractor Sales to the 
Government (Over the Simplified Acquisition Threshold)
  	  	  	  	 
52.203-7 	  	May 2014 	  	Anti-Kickback Procedures (Over the Simplified 
Acquisition Threshold)
  	  	  	  	 
52.203-8 	  	May 2014 	  	Cancellation, Rescission, and Recovery of Funds 
for Illegal or Improper Activity (Over the Simplified Acquisition 
Threshold)
  	  	  	  	 
52.203-10 	  	May 2014 	  	Price or Fee Adjustment for Illegal or Improper 
Activity (Over the Simplified Acquisition Threshold)
  	  	  	  	 
52.203-12 	  	Oct 2010 	  	Limitation on Payments to Influence Certain 
Federal Transactions (Over $150,000)
  	  	  	  	 
52.203-17 	  	Apr 2014 	  	Contractor Employee Whistleblower Rights and 
Requirements to Inform Employees of Whistleblower Rights (Over the 
Simplified Acquisition Threshold)
  	  	  	  	 
52.204-4 	  	May 2011 	  	Printed or Copied Double-Sided on Postconsumer 
Fiber Content Paper (Over the Simplified Acquisition Threshold)
  	  	  	  	 
52.204-10 	  	Jul 2013 	  	Reporting Executive Compensation and First-Tier 
Subcontract Awards ($25,000 or more)
  	  	  	  	 
52.204-13 	  	Jul 2013 	  	System for Award Management Maintenance
  	  	  	  	 
52.209-6 	  	Aug 2013 	  	Protecting the Government's Interest When 
Subcontracting With Contractors Debarred, Suspended, or Proposed for 
Debarment (Over $30,000)
  	  	  	  	 
52.215-2 	  	Oct 2010 	  	Audit and Records - Negotiation [Note: Applies to 
ALL contracts funded in whole or in part with Recovery Act funds, 
regardless of dollar value, AND contracts over the Simplified Acquisition 
Threshold funded exclusively with non-Recovery Act funds.]
  	  	  	  	 
52.215-8 	  	Oct 1997 	  	Order of Precedence - Uniform Contract Format
  	  	  	  	 
52.215-10 	  	Aug 2011 	  	Price Reduction for Defective Certified Cost or 
Pricing Data (Over $700,000)
  	  	  	  	 
52.215-12 	  	Oct 2010 	  	Subcontractor Cost or Pricing Data (Over 
$700,000)
  	  	  	  	 
52.215-14 	  	Oct 2010 	  	Integrity of Unit Prices (Over the Simplified 
Acquisition Threshold)
  	  	  	  	 
52.215-15 	  	Oct 2010 	  	Pension Adjustments and Asset Reversions (Over 
$700,000)
  	  	  	  	 
52.215-18 	  	Jul 2005 	  	Reversion or Adjustment of Plans for 
Post-Retirement Benefits (PRB) other than Pensions
  	  	  	  	 
52.215-19 	  	Oct 1997 	  	Notification of Ownership Changes
 

  	- 34 - 	 

 

 
Contract Number : HHSN261201400013C
 
FAR
CLAUSE NO.
  	DATE 	  	TITLE
52.215-21 	  	Oct 2010 	  	Requirements for Certified Cost or Pricing Data 
and Data Other Than Certified Cost or Pricing Data - Modifications
  	  	  	  	 
52.215-23 	  	Oct 2009 	  	Limitations on Pass-Through Charges (Over the 
Simplified Acquisition Threshold)
  	  	  	  	 
52.216-7 	  	Jun 2013 	  	Allowable Cost and Payment
  	  	  	  	 
52.216-8 	  	Jun 2011 	  	Fixed Fee
  	  	  	  	 
52.219-6 	  	Jul 1996 	  	Notice of Total Small Business Set-Aside
  	  	  	  	 
52.219-8 	  	May 2014 	  	Utilization of Small Business Concerns (Over the 
Simplified Acquisition Threshold)
  	  	  	  	 
52.219-14 	  	Dec 1996 	  	Limitations on Subcontracting
  	  	  	  	 
52.222-2 	  	Jul 1990 	  	Payment for Overtime Premium (Over the Simplified 
Acquisition Threshold) (Note: The dollar amount in paragraph (a) of this 
clause is $0 unless otherwise specified in the contract.)
  	  	  	  	 
52.222-3 	  	Jun 2003 	  	Convict Labor
  	  	  	  	 
52.222-21 	  	Feb 1999 	  	Prohibition of Segregated Facilities
  	  	  	  	 
52.222-26 	  	Mar 2007 	  	Equal Opportunity
  	  	  	  	 
52.222-35 	  	Jul 2014 	  	Equal Opportunity for Veterans ($100,000 or 
more)
  	  	  	  	 
52.222-36 	  	Jul 2014 	  	Equal Opportunity for Workers with Disabilities
  	  	  	  	 
52.222-37 	  	Jul 2014 	  	Employment Reports on Veterans ($100,000 or 
more)
  	  	  	  	 
52.222-40 	  	Dec 2010 	  	Notification of Employee Rights Under the 
National Labor Relations Act (Over the Simplified Acquisition Threshold)
  	  	  	  	 
52.222-50 	  	Feb 2009 	  	Combating Trafficking in Persons
  	  	  	  	 
52.222-54 	  	Aug 2013 	  	Employment Eligibility Verification (Over the 
Simplified Acquisition Threshold)
  	  	  	  	 
52.223-6 	  	May 2001 	  	Drug-Free Workplace
  	  	  	  	 
52.223-18 	  	Aug 2011 	  	Encouraging Contractor Policies to Ban Text 
Messaging While Driving
  	  	  	  	 
52.225-1 	  	May 2014 	  	Buy American - Supplies
  	  	  	  	 
52.225-13 	  	Jun 2008 	  	Restrictions on Certain Foreign Purchases
  	  	  	  	 
52.227-1 	  	Dec 2007 	  	Authorization and Consent, Alternate I (Apr 1984)
  	  	  	  	 
52.227-2 	  	Dec 2007 	  	Notice and Assistance Regarding Patent and 
Copyright Infringement
  	  	  	  	 
52.227-11 	  	May 2014 	  	Patent Rights - Ownership by the Contractor 
(Note: In accordance with FAR 27.303(b)(2), paragraph (e) is modified to 
include the requirements in FAR 27.303(b)(2)(i) through (iv). The frequency 
of reporting in (i) is annual.
  	  	  	  	 
52.227-20 	  	May 2014 	  	Rights in Data - SBIR Program
  	  	  	  	 
52.232-9 	  	Apr 1984 	  	Limitation on Withholding of Payments
  	  	  	  	 
52.232-17 	  	May 2014 	  	Interest (Over the Simplified Acquisition 
Threshold)
  	  	  	  	 
52.232-20 	  	Apr 1984 	  	Limitation of Cost
  	  	  	  	 
52.232-23 	  	May 2014 	  	Assignment of Claims
  	  	  	  	 
52.232-25 	  	Jul 2013 	  	Prompt Payment, Alternate I (Feb 2002)
  	  	  	  	 
52.232-33 	  	Jul 2013 	  	Payment by Electronic Funds Transfer–System for 
Award Management
  	  	  	  	 
52.232-39 	  	Jun 2013 	  	Unenforceability of Unauthorized Obligations
  	  	  	  	 
52.233-1 	  	May 2014 	  	Disputes
 

  	- 35 - 	 

 

 
Contract Number : HHSN261201400013C
 
FAR 	  	  	  	 
CLAUSE NO. 	  	DATE 	  	TITLE
  	  	  	  	 
52.233-3 	  	Aug 1996 	  	Protest After Award, Alternate I (Jun 1985)
  	  	  	  	 
52.233-4 	  	Oct 2004 	  	Applicable Law for Breach of Contract Claim
  	  	  	  	 
52.242-1 	  	Apr 1984 	  	Notice of Intent to Disallow Costs
  	  	  	  	 
52.242-3 	  	May 2014 	  	Penalties for Unallowable Costs (Over $700,000)
  	  	  	  	 
52.242-4 	  	Jan 1997 	  	Certification of Final Indirect Costs
  	  	  	  	 
52.242-13 	  	Jul 1995 	  	Bankruptcy (Over the Simplified Acquisition 
Threshold)
  	  	  	  	 
52.243-2 	  	Aug 1987 	  	Changes - Cost Reimbursement, Alternate V (Apr 
1984)
  	  	  	  	 
52.244-2 	  	Oct 2010 	  	Subcontracts (Over the Simplified Acquisition 
Threshold), Alternate 1 (June 2007)
  	  	  	  	 
52.244-5 	  	Dec 1996 	  	Competition in Subcontracting (Over the 
Simplified Acquisition Threshold)
  	  	  	  	 
52.244-6 	  	Jul 2014 	  	Subcontracts for Commercial Items
  	  	  	  	 
52.245-1 	  	Apr 2012 	  	Government Property
  	  	  	  	 
52.245-9 	  	Apr 2012 	  	Use and Charges
  	  	  	  	 
52.249-6 	  	May 2004 	  	Termination (Cost-Reimbursement)
  	  	  	  	 
52.249-14 	  	Apr 1984 	  	Excusable Delays
  	  	  	  	 
52.253-1 	  	Jan 1991 	  	Computer Generated Forms
 
b. DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES ACQUISITION REGULATION (HHSAR) 
(48 CFR CHAPTER 3) CLAUSES:
 
HHSAR
CLAUSE NO.
  	DATE 	  	TITLE
  	  	  	  	 
352.202-1 	  	Jan 2006 	  	Definitions - with Alternate paragraph (h) (Jan 
2006)
  	  	  	  	 
352.203-70 	  	Mar 2012 	  	Anti-Lobbying
  	  	  	  	 
352.216-70 	  	Jan 2006 	  	Additional Cost Principles
  	  	  	  	 
352.222-70 	  	Jan 2010 	  	Contractor Cooperation in Equal Employment 
Opportunity Investigations
  	  	  	  	 
352.227-70 	  	Jan 2006 	  	Publications and Publicity
  	  	  	  	 
352.228-7 	  	Dec 1991 	  	Insurance - Liability to Third Persons
  	  	  	  	 
352.233-71 	  	Jan 2006 	  	Litigation and Claims
  	  	  	  	 
352.242-70 	  	Jan 2006 	  	Key Personnel
  	  	  	  	 
352.242-73 	  	Jan 2006 	  	Withholding of Contract Payments
  	  	  	  	 
352.242-74 	  	Apr 1984 	  	Final Decisions on Audit Findings
 
[End of GENERAL CLAUSES FOR A COST-REIMBURSEMENT SBIR PHASE II CONTRACT- 
Rev. 08/2014].
 

  	- 36 - 	 

 

 
Contract Number : HHSN261201400013C
 
ARTICLE I.2. AUTHORIZED SUBSTITUTION OF CLAUSES
  
ARTICLE I.1. of this SECTION is hereby modified as follows:
  
a. 	Alternate I (October 1997) of FAR Clause 52.215-14, Integrity of Unit 
Prices (October 2010) is added.
  
b. 	The following clauses are added to this contract (Phase I only):
     
• 	FAR Clause 52.203-3, Gratuities (April 1984)
     
• 	FAR Clause 52.203-5, Covenant Against Contingent Fees (May 2014)
     
• 	FAR Clause 52.203-6, Restrictions on Subcontractor Sales to the 
Government (September 2006)
     
• 	FAR Clause 52.203-7, Anti-Kickback Procedures (May 2014)
     
• 	FAR Clause 52.203-8, Cancellation, Recission, and Recovery of Funds for 
Illegal or Improper Activity (May 2014)
     
• 	FAR Clause 52.203-10, Price or Fee Adjustment for Illegal or Improper 
Activity (May 2014)
     
• 	FAR Clause 52.204-4, Printed or copied Double-Sided on Postconsumer 
Fiber Content Paper (May 2011)
     
• 	FAR Clause 52.215-2, Audit and Records Negotiation (October 2010)
     
• 	FAR Clause 52.215-14, Integrity of Unit Prices (October 2010)
     
• 	FAR Clause 52.219-8, Utilization of Small Business Concerns (May 2014)
     
• 	FAR Clause 52.219-14, Limitations on Subcontracting (December 1996)
     
• 	FAR Clause 52.222-40, Notification of Employee Rights Under the National 
Labor Relations Act (December 2010)
     
• 	FAR Clause 52.229-3, Federal, State and Local Taxes (February 2013)
     
• 	FAR Clause 52.232-2, Payments under Fixed-Price Research and Development 
Contracts (April 1984)
     
• 	FAR Clause 52.232-17, Interest (May 2014)
     
• 	FAR Clause 52.242-13, Bankruptcy (July 1995)
     
• 	FAR Clause 52.244-5, Competition in Subcontracting (December 2010)
   
  The following clause(s) is substituted as follows:
     
• 	FAR Clause 52.249-1, Termination for the Convenience of the Government 
(Fixed-Price)(Short Form) (April 1984) is deleted in its entirety and FAR 
Clause 52.249-2, Termination for the Convenience of the Government (Fixed 
Price) (April 2012) is substituted therefor.
  
c. 	Alternate I (February 2002), of FAR Clause 52.232-25, Prompt Payment 
(July 2013) is deleted.
 

  	- 37 - 	 

 

 
Contract Number : HHSN261201400013C
 
ARTICLE I.3. ADDITIONAL CONTRACT CLAUSES
 
This contract incorporates the following clauses by reference, with the 
same force and effect, as if they were given in full text. Upon request, 
the Contracting Officer will make their full text available.
 
a. 	FEDERAL ACQUISITION REGULATION (FAR) (48 CFR CHAPTER 1) CLAUSES
    
1. 	FAR Clause 52.215-17, Waiver of Facilities Capital Cost of Money 
(October 1997).
    
2. 	FAR Clause 52.219-28, Post-Award Small Business Program 
Rerepresentation (July 2013).
    
3. 	FAR Clause 52.224-1, Privacy Act Notification (April 1984).
    
4. 	FAR Clause 52.224-2, Privacy Act (April 1984).
    
5. 	FAR Clause 52.239-1, Privacy or Security Safeguards (August 1996).
    
6. 	FAR Clause 52.242-3, Penalties for Unallowable Costs (May 2001).
    
7. 	FAR Clause 52.244-5, Competition in Subcontracting (December 1996).
    
8. 	Alternate I (April 2012), FAR Clause 52.245-1, Government Property 
(April 2012).
    
9. 	FAR Clause 52.246-23, Limitation of Liability (February 1997).
    
b. 	DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES ACQUISITION REGULATION (HHSAR) 
(48 CHAPTER 3) CLAUSES:
    
1. 	HHSAR Clause 352.201-70, Paperwork Reduction Act (January 2006).
    
2. 	HHSAR Clause 352.231-70, Salary Rate Limitation (August 2012).
          
         Note: P.L. 113-76 sets forth the Salary Rate Limitation at the
         Executive Level II Rate, effective January 17, 2014.
          
         See the following website for Executive Schedule rates of pay: 
         http://www.opm.gov/oca/ .
          
         (For current year rates, click on Salaries and Wages/Executive
         Schedule/Rates of Pay for the Executive Schedule. For prior year
         rates, click on Salaries and Wages/select Another Year at the top
         of the page/Executive Schedule/Rates of Pay for the Executive
         Schedule. Rates are effective January 1 of each calendar year
         unless otherwise noted.)
 
c. 	NATIONAL INSTITUTES OF HEALTH (NIH) RESEARCH CONTRACTING (RC) CLAUSES:
 
The following clauses are attached and made a part of this contract:
 
1. 	NIH(RC)-11, Research Patient Care Costs (4/1/84)
 

  	- 38 - 	 

 

 
Contract Number : HHSN261201400013C
 
ARTICLE I.4. ADDITIONAL FAR CONTRACT CLAUSES INCLUDED IN FULL TEXT
 
This contract incorporates the following clauses in full text.
  
a. 	FEDERAL ACQUISITION REGULATION (FAR) (48 CFR CHAPTER 1) CLAUSES
    
1. 	FAR Clause 52.217-9, Option to Extend the Term of the Contract (March 
2000).
        
a. 	The Government may extend the term of this contract by written notice 
to the Contractor within 15 calendar days before the contract expires; 
provided that the Government gives the Contractor a preliminary written 
notice of its intent to extend at least 30 calendar days before the 
contract expires. The preliminary notice does not commit the Government to 
an extension.
        
b. 	If the Government exercises this option, the extended contract shall be 
considered to include this option clause.
        
c. 	The total duration of this contract, including the exercise of any 
options under this clause, shall not exceed five (5) years.
    
b. 	DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES ACQUISITION REGULATION (HHSAR) 
(48 CHAPTER 3) CLAUSES:
    
  THERE ARE NO APPLICABLE CLAUSES IN THIS SECTION.
 

  	- 39 - 	 

 

 
Contract Number : HHSN261201400013C
 
PART III - LIST OF DOCUMENTS, EXHIBITS AND OTHER ATTACHMENTS
 
SECTION J - LIST OF ATTACHMENTS
 
The following documents are attached and incorporated in this contract:
 
1.	Statement of Work
 
Statement of Work - Phase I, dated 08/25/2014, 2 pages.
 
Statement of Work - Phase II, dated 08/25/2014, 3 pages.
 
2.	Invoice Instructions for NIH Fixed-Price Contracts, NIH(RC)-2
 
Invoice Instructions for NIH Fixed-Price Contracts, NIH(RC)-2, (8/12), 3 
pages.
 
3.	Invoice/Financing Request and Contract Financial Reporting Instructions 
for NIH Cost- Reimbursement Type Contracts, NIH(RC)-4
 
Invoice/Financing Request and Contract Financial Reporting Instructions for 
NIH Cost-Reimbursement Type Contracts, NIH(RC)-4, (8/12), 6 pages.
 
4.	Cumulative Inclusion Enrollment Report
 
Cumulative Inclusion Enrollment Report, PHS 398/2590, (Rev. 08/12), 1 page. 
Located at:
 
http://grants.nih.gov/grants/funding/phs398/CumulativelnclusionEnrollmentReport.pdf
 
5.	Privacy Act System of Records, Number
 
Privacy Act System of Records, Number 09-25-0200,10 pages.
 
6.	Research Patient Care Costs
 
Research Patient Care Costs, NIH(RC)-11, 4/1/84,1 page.
 
7.	Disclosure of Lobbying Activities, SF-LLL
 
Disclosure of Lobbying Activities, SF-LLL, dated 7/97, 2 pages.
 
8.	Government Property - Schedule IB
 
Government Property - Schedule IB, dated September 19, 2014, 1 page.
 
9.	Report of Government Owned, Contractor Held Property
 
Report of Government Owned, Contractor Held Property, dated 3/2008,1 page. 
Located at: http://oamp.od.nih.gov/ 
sites/default/files/DGS/contracting-forms/Govt-Owned-Prop.pdf
 
10.	NIH Small Business Innovation Research (SBIR) Program Funding Agreement 
Certification
 
NIH Small Business Innovative Research (SBIR) Program Funding Agreement 
Certification, 3 Pages.
 

  	- 40 - 	 

 

 
Contract Number : HHSN261201400013C
 
11.	NIH Small Business Innovation Research (SBIR) Program Life Cycle 
Certification
 
 NIH Small Business Innovative Research (SBIR) Program Life Cycle
 Certification, 3 pages.
  

  	- 41 - 	 

 

 
Contract Number : HHSN261201400013C
 
PART IV - REPRESENTATIONS AND INSTRUCTIONS
  
SECTION K - REPRESENTATIONS AND CERTIFICATIONS
   
The following documents are incorporated by reference in this contract:
   
1. 	Annual Representations and Certifications are completed and located in 
The System for Award Management (SAM) website ( http://www.sam.gov). This 
includes the changes identified in paragraph (b) of the FAR provision 
52.204-8, Annual Representations and Certifications, contained in the 
Contractor's proposal.
  
2. 	NIH Representations & Certifications, dated February 2013
  
4. 	Human Subjects Assurance Identification Number FWA00022203.
  
END of the SCHEDULE
 
(CONTRACT)
   

  	- 42 - 	 

 

 
  Shuttle Pharmaceuticals, LLC
  HHSN261201400013C
  August 25, 2014
 
STATEMENT OF WORK - PHASE I SBIR
 
I. 	Background Information and Objectives
   
A. 	Background information
  The objective of this project is to advance commercialization efforts for
  IPdR (5 -iodo- 2pyrimidinone-2'-deoxyribose), a prod rug of the
  radiosensitizer lUdR (5-iodo-2'- deoxyuridine). In Phase I, the
  Contractor shall determine the scientific merit, feasibility and
  potential for commercialization of oral IPdR as a radiation sensitizer
  for use in cancer treatment. Administrative tasks shall be completed to
  enable an IND for the Contractor; formulation of GMP manufactured IPdR
  into 300 mg capsules; submission of a letter of intent (LOI) to CTEP;
  protocol preparation and IRB approval for the proposed Phase I clinical
  trial and establishment of companion diagnostics for analyzing clinical
  specimens from Phase I patients. The tasks detailed for the Phase I
  effort are intended to facilitate an IND for IPdR for the Contractor.
   
B. 	Technical Objectives
   
  Objective 1. Activate the IPdR IND to enable the Contractor to provide
  GMP IPdR to the sub-contractor (BrUOG/RIH) for the Phase I and PK
  clinical trial.
   
  Task 1.1. The Contractor shall file administrative documents to initially
  cross-file (IND 70,333) and obtain an IND for IPdR to enable performance
  of the Phase I and PK study at Brown University (Lifespan/RIH).
  Milestone 1.1. The Contractor shall cross-file on the IPdR IND currently
  held by CTEP to permit performance of the Phase I clinical trial in Phase
  II of this contract.
  Task 1.2. The Contractor shall negotiate an agreement with CTEP to
  transfer sufficient cGMP clinical product IPdR from the NCI DTP to the
  Contractor for performance of the clinical trial.
  Milestone 1.2. Bulk cGMP drug shall be formulated into clinical product
  (encapsulated) IPdR, 250 mg capsules, for use in the proposed Phase I and
  PK clinical trial.
  Task 1.3. The Contractor shall formulate and encapsulate cGMP IPdR into
  capsules (250 and 500 mg).
  Milestone 1.3. IPdR in capsules of 300 mg shall be available for the
  Phase I and PK clinical trial.
   
  Objective 2. Obtain approvals for the Phase I and PK clinical protocol
  from Brown University (Lifespan/Rhode Island Hospital) and CTEP. Develop
  efficacy protocols satisfying FDA “Orphan Drug” status.
   
  Task 2.1. The Contractor shall submit a Letter of Intent (LOI) to NCI
  CTEP for approval of the Phase I and PK clinical studies of IPdR.
  Milestone 2.1. The Contractor shall obtain a favorable response to an LOI
  to NCI CTEP for Phase I and PK studies.
  Task 2.2. The Contractor shall obtain IRB approval of the complete Phase
  I and PK study
  Milestone 2.2. IRB approved Phase I for safety and feasibility of IPdR +
  RT.
  Task 2.3. The Contractor shall consult with the FDA regarding “Orphan
  Drug” status for IPdR as a radiosensitizing drug for use in rectal cancer
  treatment
    

Attachment 1 – Phase I 	Page 1

 

 
  Milestone 2.3. The Contractor shall obtain FDA guidance on requirements
  for IPdR approval as an “Orphan Drug” leading to a strategy to accomplish
  this task.
   
  Objective 3. Establish the in-house (Shuttle Pharmaceuticals, LLC
  Laboratories) biomarker assays for evaluating clinical specimens to be
  obtained from patients entering IPdR clinical trials.
   
  Task 3.1. The Contractor shall establish plasma IPdR—>IUdR—>IU PK and
  %IUdR-DNA cellular incorporation assays in the Contractor’s laboratories
  for use in patient plasma and tissue samples during the IPdR Phase I and
  PK dose escalation.
  Milestone 3.1. The Contractor shall optimize LC/MS/MS PK, HPLC and flow
  cytometry assays for %IUdR-DNA incorporation in cells.
  Task 3.1. The Contractor shall complete the Phase I work plan and report
  progress and achieved milestones to NIH to allow the project to progress
  to the Phase II work plan.
  Milestone 3.2. The Contractor shall prepare a written report of Phase I
  progress and achieved milestones submitted and accepted by NIH.
    
II. 	Services to be performed
    
A. 	General Requirements
    
  1.	The Contractor shall independently perform all work and furnish all
  labor, materials, supplies, equipment and services (except as otherwise
  specified in the contract)
   
  2.	All work shall be monitored by the Government Contracting Officer’s
  Representative.
   
  B.	Specific Requirements are summarized in Gantt Chart 1:
   
  Chart 1. Phase I. Milestones, Deliverables, Timeline and Work
  Distribution between the Contractor and Lifespan/Rhode Island Hospital
  (L/RIH).
    
Site 	  	Milestones and Deliverables 	  	Months
  	  	  	  	1 	  	2 	  	3 	  	4 	  	5 	  	6 	  	7 	  	8 	  	9
SP,
L/RIH
  	
Objective 1. Task 1.1.
Milestone 1.1. Activation of the IPdR IND
  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	 
SP 	  	
Objective 1. Task 1.2.
Milestone 1.2. IPdR clinical product is obtained from CTEP suitable for use 
in the Phase I clinical trial
  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	 
SP 	  	
Objective 1. Task 1.3.
Milestone 1.3. Sufficient quantity of 300 mg capsules of IPdR are provided 
to complete the Phase I clinical trial.
  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	 
SP,
L/RIH
  	
Objective 2. Task 2.1.
Milestone 2.1. NCI CTEP approval of the Phase I and PK LOI.
  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	 
SP,
L/RIH
  	
Objective 2. Task 2.2.
Milestone 5. The Phase I clinical trial receives IRB approval.
  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	 
SP 	  	
Objective 2. Task 2.3.
Milestone 6. FDA provided advice for “Orphan Drug” status for IPdR in 
rectal cancer treatment.
  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	 
SP 	  	
Objective 3. Task 3.1.
Milestone 3.1. The %IUdR-DNA cellular incorporation assays for Phase II is 
established in Shuttle Pharmaceuticals laboratories.
  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	 
SP 	  	
Objective 3. Task 3.2.
Milestone 3.2. Written final report of achieved Phase I SBIR milestones to 
advance to the Phase II SBIR.work plan.
  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	 
    

Attachment 1 – Phase I 	Page 2

 

 
  Shuttle Pharmaceuticals, LLC
  HHSN261201400013C
  August 25, 2014
 
STATEMENT OF WORK - PHASE II SBIR
 
I. 	Background Information and Objectives
   
A. 	Background information
  Although radiosensitization is integral to the treatment of many types of
  human cancers, the drugs currently available are also cytotoxic, and
  there is no drug with FDA approval for the indication of
  radiosensitization. IPdR represents a potential first-in-class
  non-cytotoxic radiation sensitizer to biologically enhance radiation
  therapy effects on cancers. In Phase II, the Phase I clinical trial will
  be performed to determine safety and feasibility. This shall allow the
  Contractor to advance its proposed commercialization plan and to raise
  capital for efficacy clinical trials leading to FDA approval.
   
B. 	Technical Objectives
   
  Objective 1: Perform the Phase I and PK clinical trial of IPdR-mediated
  radiosensitization in patients with locally advanced gastrointestinal
  cancers, presenting for palliative radiation therapy to the abdominal
  and/or pelvic regions.
   
  The Contractor shall:
   
  Task 1.1. Perform the Phase I clinical trial.
  Milestone 1.1. Initiation and performance of the Phase I and PK clinical
  trial of lUdR with RT.
  Milestone 1.3. Collect and transfer clinical samples to the Contractor’s
  laboratories for analysis.
   
  Objective 2: Perform PK analyses to determine optimal dosing schedule of
  IPdR and perform biomarker assays of %IUdR-DNA cellular incorporation in
  clinical specimens.
   
  The Contractor shall:
   
  Task 2.1. Determine pharmacokinetics (PK) and %IUdR-DNA for biomarker
  analysis.
  Milestone 2.1. Obtain and analyze clinical specimens for PK & %IUdR-DNA
  determinations.
  Milestone 2.2. Perform PK analyses.
  Milestone 2.3. Determine and correlate %IUdR-DNA incorporation with
  clinical observations.
   

Attachment 1 – Phase II 	Page 1

 

   
  Objective 3: Use results of the Phase I and PK clinical trial to design
  the Phase IB/ll clinical trials in patients with rectal cancers.
   
  The Contractor shall:
   
  Task 3.1. Analyze the PK data to determine optimal IPdR dosing.
  Milestone 3.1. Establish optimum dosing schedule of IPdR, based on PK
  data.
  Task 3.2. Design and write the Phase IB/ll protocol for efficacy
  determination.
  Milestone 3.2. Write Phase IB/ll clinical protocol for IPdR and RT in
  rectal cancer.
   
  Objective 4: Advance the business development and commercialization plan
  for company sustainability
   
  The Contractor shall:
   
  Task 4.1. Advance results of the Phase I clinical trial to raise capital
  for efficacy clinical trials of IPdR and RT.
  Milestone 4.1. Ensure that the written business development and
  commercialization plan is available for entering capital markets to
  commercialize IPdR.
  Task 4.2. Prepare and submit a final written report to the Government at
  the conclusion of the Phase II contract.
  Milestone 4.1. Submit written final progress report.
   
II. 	Services to be performed
   
  A. General Requirements
   
  1. The Contractor shall independently perform all work and furnish all
  labor, materials, supplies, equipment and services (except as otherwise
  specified in the contract)
    
  2. All work shall be monitored by the Contracting Officer’s
  Representative.
   

Attachment 1 - Phase II 	Page 2

 

 
  B. Specific Requirements
    
  The tasks are detailed for the Phase II effort, intended to perform the
  Phase I clinical trial and PK study for IPdR for Shuttle Pharmaceuticals
  are summarized in Gantt Chart 2:
    
  Chart 2. Phase II Milestones, Deliverables and Work Distribution between
  the Contractor and Lifespan/Rhode Island Hospital (L/RIH) for Clinical
  Development of IPdR as a Radiosensitizer.
    
  	  	Delivery Schedule (months)
Site 	Milestones and Deliverables 	2 	4 	6 	8 	10 	12 	14 	16 	18 	20 	22 	
24
L/RIH 	
Obiective 1. Task 1.1
Milestone 1.1. Initiation and performance of the Phase I and PK clinical 
trial of lUdR with RT.
Milestone 1.2. Safety and MTD parameters for IPdR with RT.
Milestone 1.3. Collect and transfer clinical samples to SP Labs.
  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	 
L/RIH
SP
Obiective 2. Task 2.1.
Milestone 2.1. Obtain clinical specimens for PK & %IUdR-DNA
Milestone 2.2. PK analyses
Milestone 2.3. %IUdR-DNA incorporation is determined and correlated with 
clinical observations.
  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	 
SP 	
Obiective 3: Task 3.1.
Milestone 3.1. Dosing schedule of IPdR is established, based on PK
  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	 
SP 	
Obiective 3: Task 3.2.
Milestone 3.2. Written Phase IB/ll clinical protocol
  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	 
SP 	
Obiective 4: Task 4.1.
Milestone 4.1 Written business and commercialization plan.
  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	 
SP,
L/RIH
Obiective 4: Task 4.2.
Milestone 4.2. Final report submitted to NIH.
  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	 
 

Attachment 1 - Phase II 	Page 3

 

 
 INVOICE INSTRUCTIONS FOR NIH FIXED-PRICE CONTRACTS. NIH(RC)-2
 
Format: Submit payment requests on Standard Form 1034, Public Voucher for 
Purchases and Services Other Than Personal, or the Contractor’s 
self-generated form provided it contains all of the information prescribed 
herein. DO NOT include a cover letter with the payment request.
 
Number of Copies: Submit payment requests in the quantity specified in the 
Invoice Submission Instructions in Section G of the Contract Schedule.
 
Frequency: Submit payment requests upon delivery and acceptance of goods or 
services unless otherwise authorized by the Contracting Officer.
 
Currency: All NIH contracts are expressed in United States dollars. When 
the Government pays in a currency other than United States dollars, 
billings shall be expressed, and payment by the Government shall be made, 
in that other currency at amounts coincident with actual costs incurred. 
Currency fluctuations may not be a basis of gain or loss to the Contractor. 
Notwithstanding the above, the total of all invoices paid under this 
contract may not exceed the United States dollars authorized.
   
  Preparation and Itemization of the Payment Request: Prepare payment
  requests as follows:
    
Note: 	All information must be legible or the invoice will be considered 
improper and returned to the Contractor.
   
(a) 	Designated Billing Office Name and Address: Enter the designated 
billing office name and address, as identified in the Invoice Submission 
Instructions in Section G of the Contract Schedule.
   
(b) 	Contractor’s Name, Address, Point of Contact, TIN, and DUNS or DUNS+4 
Number: Show the Contractor’s name and address exactly as they appear in 
the contract. Any invoice identified as improper will be sent to this 
address. Also include the name, title, phone number, and e-mail address of 
the Point of Contact in case of questions. If the remittance name differs 
from the legal business name, both names must appear on the invoice. 
Provide the Contractor’s Federal Taxpayer Identification Number (TIN) and 
Data Universal Numbering System (DUNS) or DUNS+4 number. The DUNS number 
must identify the Contractor’s name and address exactly as stated in the 
contract, and as registered in the System for Acquisition Management (SAM) 
database.
   
  When an approved assignment of claims has been executed, the Contractor
  shall provide the same information for the assignee as is required for
  the Contractor (i.e., name, address, point of contact, TIN, and DUNS
  number), with the remittance information clearly identified as such.
   
(c) 	Invoice/Voucher Number: Identify each payment request by a unique 
invoice number, which can only be used one time regardless of the number of 
contracts or orders held by an organization. For example, if a contractor 
has already submitted invoice number 05 on one of its contracts or orders, 
it cannot use that same invoice number on any other contract or order. 
Payment requests with duplicate invoice numbers will be considered improper 
and returned to the contractor.
 

  	1 	Attachment 2

 

 
  The NIH does not prescribe a particular numbering format but suggests
  using a job or account number for each contract and order followed by a
  sequential invoice number (example: 8675309-05). Invoice numbers are
  limited to 30 characters. There are no restrictions on the use of special
  characters, such as colons, dashes, forward slashes, or parentheses.
   
  If all or part of an invoice is suspended and the contractor chooses to
  reclaim those costs on a supplemental invoice, the contractor may use the
  same unique invoice number followed by an alpha character, such as “R”
  for revised (example: 8675309-05R).
   
(d) 	Date Invoice/Voucher Prepared: Insert the date the payment request is 
prepared.
   
(e) 	Contract Number and Order Number (if applicable): Insert the contract 
number and order number (as applicable).
   
(f) 	Contract Title: Insert the contract title listed on the cover page of 
the contract and/or Section G of the Contract Schedule.
   
(g) 	Current Contract Period of Performance: Insert the contract start 
date/effective date through the current completion date of the contract.
   
(h) 	Total Fixed-Price of Contract/Order: Insert the total fixed-price of 
the contract/order.
   
(i) 	Two-Way/Three-Way Match: Identify whether payment is to be made using 
a two-way or three-way match. To determine required payment method, refer 
to the Invoice Submission Instructions in Section G of the Contract 
Schedule.
   
(j) 	Office of Acquisitions: Insert the name of the Office of Acquisitions, 
as identified in the Invoice Submission Instructions in Section G of the 
Contract Schedule.
   
(k) 	Central Point of Distribution: Identify the Central Point of 
Distribution, as specified in the Invoice Submission Instructions in 
Section G of the Contract Schedule.
   
(I) 	Billing Period: Insert the beginning and ending dates (month, day, and 
year) of the period in which costs were incurred and for which 
reimbursement is claimed.
   
(m) 	Description of Supplies or Services: Provide a description of the 
supplies or services, by line item (if applicable), quantity, unit price 
(where appropriate), and total amount. The item description, unit of 
measure, and unit price must match those specified in the contract. For 
example, if the contract specifies 1 box of hypodermic needles (100/box) 
with a unit price of $50.00, then the invoice must state 1 box, hypodermic 
needles (100/box), $50.00, not 100 syringes at $0.50 each. Invoices that do 
not match the line item pricing in the contract will be considered improper 
and will be returned to the Contractor.
   
(n) 	Amount Billed - Current Period: Insert the amount claimed for the 
current billing period, including any adjustments, if applicable. If the 
Contract Schedule contains separately priced line items, identify the 
contract line item(s) on the payment request.
   
(o) 	Amount Billed - Cumulative: Insert the cumulative amounts claimed to 
date, including any adjustments as applicable. If the Contract Schedule 
contains separately priced line items, identify the contract line item(s) 
on the payment request.
   

  	2 	 

 

 
(p) 	Freight or Delivery Charges: Identify all charges for freight or 
express shipments, other than f.o.b. destination, as a separate line item 
on the invoice. (If shipped by freight or express, and charges are more 
than $25, attach prepaid bill.)
   
(q) 	Government Property: If the contract authorizes the purchase of any 
item of Government Property (e.g., equipment), the invoice must list each 
item for which reimbursement is requested. Include reference to the 
following (as applicable):
   
- 	item number for the specific piece of equipment listed in the Property 
Schedule, and
- 	Contracting Officer Authorization (COA) Number, if the equipment is not 
covered by the Property Schedule.
    

  	3 	 

 

 
INVOICE/FINANCING REQUEST AND CONTRACT FINANCIAL REPORTING INSTRUCTIONS FOR 
NIH COST-REIMBURSEMENT CONTRACTS. NIH(RC)-4
 
Format: Submit payment requests on the Contractor’s self-generated form in 
the manner and format prescribed herein and as illustrated in the Sample 
Invoice/Financing Request. Standard Form 1034, Public Voucher for Purchases 
and Services Other Than Personal, may be used in lieu of the Contractor’s 
self-generated form provided it contains all of the information shown on 
the Sample Invoice/Financing Request. DO NOT include a cover letter with 
the payment request.
 
Number of Copies: Submit payment requests in the quantity specified in the 
Invoice Submission Instructions in Section G of the Contract Schedule.
 
Frequency: Payment requests shall not be submitted more frequently than 
once every two weeks in accordance with the Allowable Cost and Payment 
Clause incorporated into this contract. Small business concerns may submit 
invoices/financing requests more frequently than every two weeks.
 
Cost Incurrence Period: Costs incurred must be within the contract 
performance period or covered by precontract cost provisions.
 
Billing of Costs Incurred: : If billed costs include (1) costs of a prior 
billing period, but not previously billed, or (2) costs incurred during the 
contract period and claimed after the contract period has expired, the 
Contractor shall cite the amount(s) and month(s) in which the costs were 
incurred.
 
Contractor’s Fiscal Year: Prepare payment requests in such a manner that 
the Government can identify costs claimed with the Contractor’s fiscal 
year.
 
Currency: All NIH contracts are expressed in United States dollars. When 
the Government pays in a currency other than United States dollars, 
billings shall be expressed, and payment by the Government shall be made, 
in that other currency at amounts coincident with actual costs incurred. 
Currency fluctuations may not be a basis of gain or loss to the Contractor. 
Notwithstanding the above, the total of all invoices paid under this 
contract shall not exceed the United States dollars authorized.
 
Costs Requiring Advance Approval: Costs requiring advance approval by the 
Contracting Officer, which are not set forth in the Contract Schedule shall 
be identified by the Contracting Officer’s Authorization (COA) Number as a 
separate expenditure category on the payment request. In addition, the 
Contractor shall show any cost limitation or ceiling set forth in the 
Contract Schedule, i.e. an Advance Understanding, as a separate expenditure 
category on the payment request.
   
  Invoice/Financing Request Identification: Identify each payment as
  either:
   
(a) 	Interim Invoice/Contract Financing Request: These are interim payment 
requests submitted during the contract performance period.
   
(b) 	Completion Invoice: Submit the completion invoice promptly upon 
completion of the work, but no later than one year from the contract 
completion date, or within 120 days after settlement of the final indirect 
cost rates covering the year in which the contract is physically complete 
(whichever date is later). The Contractor shall submit the completion 
invoice when all costs have been assigned to the contract and all 
performance provisions have been completed.
   
(c) 	Final Invoice: A final invoice may be required after the amounts owed 
have been settled between the Government and the Contractor (e.g., 
resolution of all suspensions and audit exceptions).
   

  	1 	Attachment 3

 

 
Preparation and Itemization of the Invoice/Financing Request:
 
The Contractor shall furnish the information set forth in the instructions 
below. The instructions are keyed to the entries on the Sample 
Invoice/Financing Request. All information must be legible or the invoice 
will be considered improper and returned to the Contractor.
   
(a) 	Designated Billing Office Name and Address: Enter the designated 
billing office name and address, as identified in the Invoice Submission 
Instructions in Section G of the Contract Schedule.
   
(b) 	Contractor’s Name, Address, Point of Contact, TIN, and DUNS or DUNS+4 
Number: Show the Contractor’s name and address exactly as they appear in 
the contract. Any invoice identified as improper will be sent to this 
address. Also include the name, title, phone number, and e-mail address of 
the Point of Contact in case of questions. If the remittance name differs 
from the legal business name, both names must appear on the invoice. 
Provide the Contractor’s Federal Taxpayer Identification Number (TIN) and 
Data Universal Numbering System (DUNS) or DUNS+4 number. The DUNS number 
must identify the Contractor’s name and address exactly as stated in the 
contract, and as registered in the System for Award Management (SAM) 
database.
   
  When an approved assignment of claims has been executed, the Contractor
  shall provide the same information for the assignee as is required for
  the Contractor (i.e., name, address, point of contact, TIN, and DUNS
  number), with the remittance information clearly identified as such.
   
(c) 	Invoice/Financing Request Number: Identify each payment request by a 
unique invoice number, which can only be used one time regardless of the 
number of contracts or orders held by an organization. For example, if a 
contractor has already submitted invoice number 05 on one of its contracts 
or orders, it cannot use that same invoice number on any other contract or 
order. Payment requests with duplicate invoice numbers will be considered 
improper and returned to the contractor.
   
  The NIH does not prescribe a particular numbering format but suggests
  using a job or account number for each contract and order followed by a
  sequential invoice number (example: 8675309-05). Invoice numbers are
  limited to 30 characters. There are no restrictions on the use of special
  characters, such as colons, dashes, forward slashes, or parentheses.
   
  If all or part of an invoice is suspended and the contractor chooses to
  reclaim those costs on a supplemental invoice, the contractor may use the
  same unique invoice number followed by an alpha character, such as “R”
  for revised (example: 8675309-05R).
 
(d) 	Date Invoice/Financing Request Prepared: Insert the date the payment 
request is prepared.
   
(e) 	Contract Number and Order Number (if applicable): Insert the contract 
number and order number (as applicable).
   
(f) 	Contract Title: Insert the contract title exactly as it appears on the 
cover page of the contract and/or Section G of the Contract Schedule.
   
(g) 	Current Contract Period of Performance: Insert the contract start 
date/effective date through the current completion date of the contract.
   

  	2 	 

 

 
(h) 	Total Estimated Cost of Contract/Order: Insert the total estimated 
cost of the contract, exclusive of fee. If billing under an order, insert 
the total estimated cost of the order, exclusive of fee. For 
contracts/orders with options or incremental funding provisions, enter the 
amount currently obligated and available for payment.
 
(i) 	Total Fixed-Fee: Insert the total fixed-fee (where applicable). For 
contracts/orders with options or incremental funding provisions, enter the 
amount currently obligated and available for payment (where applicable). 
Note: If the contract provides for another type of Fee, i.e. Award or 
Incentive Fee, insert the amount available to be earned as identified in 
the contract and indicate the type of fee to be billed on the payment 
request.
   
(j) 	Two-Way/Three-Way Match: Identify whether payment is to be made using 
a two-way or three-way match. To determine required payment method, refer 
to the Invoice Submission Instructions in Section G of the Contract 
Schedule.
   
(k) 	Office of Acquisitions: Insert the name of the Office of Acquisitions, 
as identified in the Invoice Submission Instructions in Section G of the 
Contract Schedule.
   
(I) 	Central Point of Distribution: Insert the Central Point of 
Distribution, as identified in the Invoice Submission Instructions in 
Section G of the Contract Schedule.
   
(m) 	Billing Period: Insert the beginning and ending dates (month, day, and 
year) of the period in which costs were incurred and for which 
reimbursement is claimed.
   
(n) 	Amount Billed - Current Period: Insert the amount claimed for the 
current billing period by major cost element, including any adjustments and 
fee. If the Contract Schedule contains separately priced line items, 
identify the contract line item(s) on the payment request and include a 
separate breakdown (by major cost element) for each line item.
   
(o) 	Amount Billed - Cumulative: Insert the cumulative amounts claimed by 
major cost element, including any adjustments and fee. If the Contract 
Schedule contains separately priced line items, identify the contract line 
item(s) on the payment request and include a separate breakdown (by major 
cost element) for each line item.
   
(p) 	Direct Costs: Insert the major cost elements. For each element, 
consider the application of the paragraph entitled “Costs Requiring Prior 
Approval” on page 1 of these instructions.
   
1) 	Direct Labor: Include salaries and wages paid (or accrued) for direct 
performance of the contract.
   
    For Level of Effort contracts only, the Contractor shall provide the
    following information on a separate sheet of paper attached to the
    payment request:
   
- 	hours or percentage of effort and cost by labor category (as specified 
in the Level of Effort Article in Section F of the Contract Schedule) for 
the current billing period, and
   
- 	hours or percentage of effort and cost by labor category from contract 
inception through the current billing period. (NOTE: The Contracting 
Officer may require the Contractor to provide additional breakdown for 
direct labor, such as position title, employee name, and salary or hourly 
rate.)
   
2) 	Fringe Benefits: List any fringe benefits applicable to direct labor 
and billed as a direct cost. Cite the rate(s) used to calculate fringe 
benefit costs, if applicable.
   

  	3 	 

 

 
3) 	Accountable Personal Property: Include permanent research equipment and 
general purpose equipment having a unit acquisition cost of $1,000 or more, 
with a life expectancy of more than two years, and sensitive property 
regardless of cost (see the HHS Contractor’s Guide for Contract of 
Government Property). Show permanent research equipment separate from 
general purpose equipment.
    
    On a separate sheet of paper attached to the payment request, list each
    item for which reimbursement is requested. Precede the item with an
    asterisk (*) if the equipment is below the $1,000 approval level.
    Include reference to the following (as applicable):
    
- 	item number for the specific piece of equipment listed in the Property 
Schedule, and,
- 	Contracting Officer Authorization (COA) number, if the equipment is not 
covered by the Property Schedule.
    
    The Contracting Officer may require the Contractor to provide further
    itemization of property having specific limitations set forth in the
    contract.
    
4) 	Materials and Supplies: Include equipment with unit costs of less than 
$1,000 or an expected service life of two years or less, and consumable 
material and supplies regardless of amount.
 
5) 	Premium Pay: List remuneration in excess of the basic hourly rate.
 
6) 	Consultant Fee: List fees paid to consultants. Identify consultant by 
name or category as set forth in the contract or COA, as well as the effort 
(i.e., number of hours, days, etc.) and rate billed.
 
7) 	Travel: Include domestic and foreign travel. Foreign travel is travel 
outside of the United States and its territories and possessions. However, 
for an organization located outside the United States and its territories 
and possessions, foreign travel means travel outside that country. Foreign 
travel must be billed separately from domestic travel.
 
8) 	Subcontract Costs: List subcontractor(s) by name and amount billed.
 
9) 	Other: List all other direct costs in total unless exceeding $1,000 in 
amount. If over $1,000, list cost elements and dollar amounts separately. 
If the contract contains restrictions on any cost element, that cost 
element must be listed separately.
    
(q) 	Cost of Money (COM): Cite the COM factor and base in effect during the 
time the cost was incurred and for which reimbursement is claimed.
    
(r) 	Indirect Costs: Identify the indirect cost base (IDC), indirect cost 
rate, and amount billed for each indirect cost category.
    
(s) 	Fixed-Fee: Cite the formula or method of computation for fixed-fee, if 
applicable. The fixed-fee must be claimed as provided for by the contract. 
Note: If the contract provides for another type of Fee, i.e. Award or 
Incentive Fee, provide the same documentation for the amount claimed.
    
(t) 	Total Amounts Claimed: Insert the total amounts claimed for the 
current and cumulative periods.
 
(u) 	Adjustments: Include amounts conceded by the Contractor, outstanding 
suspensions, and/or disapprovals subject to appeal.
 

  	4 	 

 

 
(v) 	Grand Totals
    
(w) 	Certification: The Contractor shall include the following 
certification at the bottom of each payment request:
    
  “Pursuant to authority vested in me, I certify that this voucher is
  correct and proper for payment.”
    
  Note: The contract may require additional certifications (See Invoice
  Submission Instructions in Section G of the Contract Schedule)
 
The Contracting Officer may require the Contractor to submit detailed 
support for costs claimed on one or more interim payment requests.
 
FINANCIAL REPORTING INSTRUCTIONS:
 
These instructions correspond to the Columns on the Sample 
Invoice/Financing Request.
 
Column A - Expenditure Category: Enter the expenditure categories required 
by the contract.
 
Column B - Cumulative Percentage of Effort/Hrs. Negotiated: Enter the 
percentage of effort or number of hours agreed to for each employee or 
labor category listed in Column A.
 
Column C - Cumulative Percentage of Effort/Hrs. Actual: Enter the 
percentage of effort or number of hours worked by each employee or labor 
category listed in Column A.
 
Column D - Amount Billed - Current: Enter amounts billed during the current 
period.
 
Column E - Amount Billed - Cumulative: Enter the cumulative amounts to 
date.
 
Column F - Cost at Completion: Enter data only when the Contractor 
estimates that a particular expenditure category will vary from the amount 
negotiated. Realistic estimates are essential.
 
Column G - Contract Amount: Enter the costs agreed to for all expenditure 
categories listed in Column A.
 
Column H - Variance (Over or Under): Show the difference between the 
estimated costs at completion (Column F) and negotiated costs (Column G) 
when entries have been made in Column F. This column need not be filled in 
when Column F is blank. When a line item varies by plus or minus 10 
percent, i.e., the percentage arrived at by dividing Column F by Column G, 
an explanation of the variance should be submitted. In the case of an 
overrun (net negative variance), this submission shall not be deemed as 
notice under the Limitation of Cost Clause in the contract.
 
Modifications: List all new modification(s) (not previously reported) in 
the amount negotiated for an item in the appropriate cost category.
   
Expenditures Not Negotiated: An expenditure for an item for which no amount 
was negotiated (e.g., at the discretion of the Contractor in performance of 
its contract) should be listed in the appropriate cost category and all 
columns filled in, except for G. Column H will of course show a 100 percent 
variance and will be explained along with those identified under H above.
 

  	5 	 

 

 
SAMPLE INVOICE/FINANCING REQUEST AND CONTRACT FINANCIAL REPORT
  (a)     Designated Billing Office Name and Address:
   National Institutes of Health
   Office of Financial Management
   Commercial Accounts
   2115 East Jefferson Street, Room 4B432, MSC
   8500
   Bethesda, MD 20892-8500
  
  (b)     Contractor’s Name, Address, Point of Contact,
   TIN, and DUNS or DUNS+4 Number:
   ABC CORPORATION
   100 Main Street
   Anywhere, U.S.A. Zip+4
   Name, Title, Phone Number, and E-mail
   Address of Contractor’s Point of Contact.
   DUNS or DUNS+4:_____________________
   TIN:______________________________________
 (c) Invoice/Financing Request No.:__________
 (d) Date Invoice/Financing Request Prepared:
  _________________________________
 (e) Contract No. and Order No. (if applicable):
  _________________________________
 (f) Contract Title:
  _________________________________
 (g) Current Contract Period of Performance:
  _________________________________
 (h) Total Estimated Cost of Contract/Order:
  _________________________________
 (i) Total Fixed Fee (if applicable):___________
  
 (j) Two-Way Match:____
  Three-Way Match:_____
 (k) Office of Acquisitions:_________________
 (l) Central Point of Distribution:_____________
 
(m) This invoice/financing request represents reimbursable costs for the 
period from __________ to ________.
  	Cumulative %
of Effort/Hrs 	  	Amount Billed 	  	  	  	  	  	 
Expenditure Category*
A 	
Neg.
B
  	
Actual
C
  	
(n)
Current
D
  	
(o)
Cum
E
  	Cost at
Comp
F 	  	
Contract
Value
G
  	
Variance
H
(p) Direct Costs: 	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	 
(1) Direct Labor 	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	 
(2) Fringe Benefits __% 	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	 
(3) Accountable Property 	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	 
(4) Materials & Supplies 	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	 
(5) Premium Pay 	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	 
(6) Consultant Fees 	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	 
(7) Travel 	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	 
(8) Subcontracts 	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	 
(9) Other 	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	 
Total Direct Costs 	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	 
(a) Cost of Money __% 	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	 
(r) Indirect Costs ___% 	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	 
(s) Fixed Fee ___% 	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	 
(t) Total Amount Claimed 	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	 
(u) Adjustments 	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	 
(v) Grand Totals 	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	 
 
  “Pursuant to authority vested in me, I certify that this voucher is
  correct and proper for payment.”
 
  	  	 
(Name of Official) 	  	(Title)
 
*Attach details as specified in the contract or requested by the 
Contracting Officer
 

  	6 	 

 

 
 

 

09-25-0200 SYSTEMS LISTING 	Page 1 of 10

 
09-25-0200 SYSTEMS LISTING
 
SYSTEM NAME:
 
Clinical, Basic and Population-based Research Studies of the National 
Institutes of Health (NIH), HHS/NIH/OD.
 
SECURITY CLASSIFICATION:
 
None.
 
SYSTEM LOCATION:
 
Records are located at NIH and Contractor research facilities which collect 
or provide research data for this system. Contractors may include, but are 
not limited to: Research centers, clinics, hospitals, universities, medical 
schools, research institutions/foundations, national associations, 
commercial organizations, collaborating State and Federal Government 
agencies, and coordinating centers. A current list of sites, including the 
address of any Federal Records Center where records from this system may be 
stored, is available by writing to the appropriate Coordinator listed under 
Notification Procedure.
 
CATEGORIES OF INDIVIDUALS COVERED BY THE SYSTEM:
 
Adults and/or children who are the subjects of clinical, basic, or 
population-based research studies of the NIH. Individuals with disease. 
Individuals who are representative of the general population or of special 
groups including, but not limited to: normal controls, normal volunteers, 
family members and relatives; providers of services (e.g., health care and 
social work); health care professionals and educators, and demographic 
sub-groups as applicable, such as age, sex, ethnicity, race, occupation, 
geographic location; and groups exposed to real and/or hypothesized risks 
(e.g., exposure to biohazardous microbial agents).
 
CATEGORIES OF RECORDS IN THE SYSTEM:
 
The system contains data about individuals as relevant to a particular 
research study. Examples include, but are not limited to: name, study 
identification number, address, relevant telephone numbers, social security 
number (voluntary), driver’s license number, date of birth, weight, height, 
sex, race; medical, psychological and dental information, laboratory and 
diagnostic testing results; registries; social, economic and demographic 
data; health services utilization; insurance and hospital cost data, 
employers, conditions of the work environment, exposure to hazardous 
substances/compounds; information pertaining to stored biologic specimens 
(including blood, urine, tissue and genetic materials), characteristics and 
activities of health care providers and educators and trainers (including 
curricula vitae); and associated correspondence.
 
AUTHORITY FOR MAINTENANCE OF THE SYSTEM:
 
“Research and Investigation,” “Appointment and Authority of the Directors 
of the National Research Institutes,” “National Cancer Institute,” 
“National Eye Institute,” “National Heart, Lung and Blood Institute,” 
“National Institute on Aging,” “National Institute on Alcohol Abuse and 
Alcoholism,” “National Institute on Allergy and Infectious Diseases,” 
“National Institute of Arthritis and Musculoskeletal and Skin Diseases,” 
“National Institute of Child Health and Human Development,” “National 
Institute on Deafness and Other Communication Disorders,” “National 
Institute of Dental and Craniofacial Research,” “National Institute of 
Diabetes, and Digestive and Kidney Diseases,” “National Institute of Drug 
Abuse,” “National Institute of Environmental Health Sciences,” “National 
Institute of Mental Health,” “National Institute of Neurological Disorders 
and Stroke,” and the “National Human Genome Research Institute” of the 
Public Health Service Act. (42 U.S.C. 241,242,248,281, 282,284, 285a, 285b, 
285c, 285d, 285e, 285f, 285g, 285h, 285i, 285j, 2851, 285m, 285n, 285o, 
285p, 285q, 287, 287b, 287c, 289a, 289c, and 44 U.S.C. 3101.)
 
Attachment 5
 

 

09-25-0200 SYSTEMS LISTING 	Page 2 of 10

 
PURPOSE(S):
 
To document, track, monitor and evaluate NIH clinical, basic, and 
population-based research activities.
 
ROUTINE USES OF RECORDS MAINTAINED IN THE SYSTEM, INCLUDING CATEGORIES OF 
USERS AND THE PURPOSES OF SUCH USES:
    
   1 .A re cord may be disclosed for a research purpose, when the
   Department: (A) has determined that the use or disclosure does not
   violate legal or policy limitations under which the record was provided,
   collected, or obtained; e.g., disclosure of alcohol or drug abuse
   patient records will be made only in accordance with the restrictions of
   confidentiality statutes and regulations 42 U.S.C. 241,42 U.S.C.
   290dd-2,42 CFR Part 2, and where applicable, no disclosures will be made
   inconsistent with an authorization of confidentiality under 42 U.S.C.
   241 and 42 CFR Part 2a; (B) has determined that the research purpose (1)
   cannot be reasonably accomplished unless the record is provided in
   individually identifiable form, and (2) warrants the risk to the privacy
   of the individual that additional exposure of the record might bring;
   (C) has required the recipient to (1) establish reasonable
   administrative, technical, and physical safeguards to prevent
   unauthorized use or disclosure of the record, (2) remove or destroy the
   information that identifies the individual at the earliest time at which
   removal or destruction can be accomplished consistent with the purpose
   of the research project, unless the recipient has presented adequate
   justification of a research or health nature for retaining such
   information, and (3) make no further use or disclosure of the record
   except (a) in emergency circumstances affecting the health or safety of
   any individual, (b) for use in another research project, under these
   same conditions, and with written authorization of the Department, (c)
   for disclosure to a properly identified person for the purpose of an
   audit related to the research project, if information that would enable
   research subjects to be identified is removed or destroyed at the
   earliest opportunity consistent with the purpose of the audit, or (d)
   when required by law; and (D) has secured a written statement attesting
   to the recipient’s understanding of, and willingness to abide by, these
   provisions.
   2. Disclosure may be made to a Member of Congress or to a Congressional
   staff member in response to an inquiry of the Congressional office made
   at the written request of the constituent about whom the record is
   maintained.
   3. The Department of Health and Human Services (HHS) may disclose
   information from this system of r ecords to the Department of Justice
   when: (a) The agency or any component thereof; or (b) any employee of
   the agency in his or her official capacity where the Department of
   Justice has agreed to represent the employee; or (c) the United States
   Government, is a party to litigation or has an interest in such
   litigation, and by careful review, the agency determines that the
   records are both relevant and necessary to the litigation and the use of
   such records by the Department of Justice is, therefore, deemed by the
   agency to be for a purpose that is compatible with the purpose for which
   the agency collected the records.
   4. Disclosure may be made to agency contractors, grantees, experts,
   consultants, collaborating researchers, or volunteers who have been
   engaged by the agency to assist in the performance of a service related
   to this system of records and who need to have access to the records in
   order to perform the activity. Recipients shall be required to comply
   with the requirements of the Privacy Act of 1974, as amended, pursuant
   to 5 U.S.C. 552a(m).
    

 

09-25-0200 SYSTEMS LISTING 	Page 3 of 10

    
 5. Information from this system may be disclosed to Federal agencies,
 State agencies (including the
   Motor Vehicle Administration and State vital statistics offices, private
   agencies, and other third parties (such as current or prior employers,
   acquaintances, relatives), when necessary to obtain information on
   morbidity and mortality experiences and to locate individuals for
   follow-up studies. Social security numbers, date of birth and other
   identifiers may be disclosed: (1) to the National Center for Health
   Statistics to ascertain vital status through the National Death Index;
   (2) to the Health Care Financing Agency to ascertain morbidities; and
   (3) to the Social Security Administration to ascertain disabilities
   and/or location of participants. Social security numbers may also be
   given to other Federal agencies, and State and local agencies when
   necessary to locating individuals for participation in follow-up
   studies.
   6. Medical information may be disclosed in identifiable form to tumor
   registries for maintenance of health statistics, e.g., for use in
   research studies.
   7. PHS may inform the sexual and/or needle-sharing partner(s) of a
   subject individual who is infected with the human immunodeficiency virus
   (HIV) of their exposure to HIV, under the following circumstances: (1)
   The information has been obtained in the course of clinical activities
   at PHS facilities carried out by PHS personnel or contractors; (2) The
   PHS employee or contractor has made reasonable efforts to counsel and
   encourage the subject individual to provide the information to the
   individual’s sexual or needle-sharing partner(s); (3) The PHS employee
   or contractor determines that the subject individual is unlikely to
   provide the information to the sexual or needle-sharing partner(s) or
   that the provision of such information cannot reasonably be verified;
   and (4) The notification of the partner(s) is made, whenever possible,
   by the subject individual’s physician or by a professional counselor and
   shall follow standard counseling practices.
    
   PHS may disclose information to State or local public health
   departments, to assist in the notification of the subject individual’s
   sexual and/or needle-sharing partner(s), or in the verification that the
   subject individual has notified such sexual or needle-sharing
   partner(s). 
    
   8. Certain disea ses and conditions, including infectious diseases, may
   be reported to appropriate representatives of State or Federal
   Government as required by State or Federal law.
   9. Disclosure may be made to authorized organizations which provide
   health services to subject individuals or provide third-party
   reimbursement or fiscal intermediary functions, for the purpose of
   planning for or providing such services, billing or collecting
   third-party reimbursements.
   10. The Secretary may disclose information to organizations deemed
   qualified to carry out quality assessment, medical audits or utilization
   reviews.
   11. Disclosure may be made for the purpose of reporting child, elder or
   spousal abuse or neglect or any other type of abuse or neglect as
   required by State or Federal law.
 
POLICIES AND PRACTICES FOR STORING, RETRIEVING, ACCESSING, RETAINING, AND 
DISPOSING OF RECORDS IN THE SYSTEM:
 
STORAGE:
 
Records may be stored on index cards, file folders, computer tapes and 
disks (including optical disks), photography media, microfiche, microfilm, 
and audio and video tapes. For certain studies, factual data with study 
code numbers are stored on computer tape or disk, while the key to personal 
identifiers is stored separately, without factual data, in paper/computer 
files.
 

 

09-25-0200 SYSTEMS LISTING 	Page 4 of 10

 
RETRIEV ABILITY:
 
During data collection stages and follow-up, retrieval is by personal 
identifier (e.g., name, social security number, medical record or study 
identification number, etc.). During the data analysis stage, data are 
normally retrieved by the variables of interest (e.g., diagnosis, age, 
occupation).
 
SAFEGUARDS:
 
   1. Authorized Users: Access to identifiers and to link files is strictly
   limited to the authorized personnel whose duties require such access.
   Procedures for determining authorized access to identified data are
   established as appropriate for each location. Personnel, including
   contractor personnel, who may be so authorized include those directly
   involved in data collection and in the design of research studies, e.g.,
   interviewers and interviewer supervisors; project managers; and
   statisticians involved in designing sampling plans. Other one-time and
   special access by other employees is granted on a need-to-know basis as
   specifically authorized by the system manager. Researchers authorized to
   conduct research on biologic specimens will typically access the system
   through the use of encrypted identifiers sufficient to link individuals
   with records in such a manner that does not compromise confidentiality
   of the individual.
   2. Physical Safeguards: Records are either stored in locked rooms during
   off-duty hours, locked file cabinets, and/or secured computer
   facilities. For certain studies, personal identifiers and link files are
   separated and stored in locked files. Computer data access is limited
   through the use of key words known only to authorized personnel.
   3. Procedural Safeguards: Collection and maintenance of data is
   consistent with legislation and regulations in the protection of human
   subjects, informed consent, confidentiality, and confidentiality
   specific to drug and alcohol abuse patients where these apply. When
   anonymous data is provided to research scientists for analysis, study
   numbers which can be matched to personal identifiers will be eliminated,
   scrambled, or replaced by the agency or contractor with random numbers
   which cannot be matched. Contractors who maintain records in this system
   are instructed to make no further disclosure of the records. Privacy Act
   requirements are specifically included in contracts for survey and
   research activities related to this system. The OHS project directors,
   contract officers, and project officers oversee compliance with these
   requirements. Personnel having access are trained in Privacy Act
   requirements. Depending upon the sensitivity of the information in the
   record, additional safeguard measures may be employed.
   4. Implementation Guidelines: These practices are in compliance with the
   standards of Chapter 45- 13 of the HHS General Administration Manual,
   “Safeguarding Records Contained in Systems of Records,” supplementary
   Chapter PHS hf: 45-13, and the HHS Automated Information Systems
   Security Program Handbook.
 
RETENTION AND DISPOSAL:
 
Records are retained and disposed of under the authority of the NIH Records 
Control Schedule contained in NIH Manual Chapter 1743, Appendix IB “Keeping 
and Destroying Records” (HHS Records Management Manual, Appendix B-361), 
item 3000-G-3, which allows records to be kept as long as they are useful 
in scientific research. Collaborative Perinatal Project records are 
retained in accordance with item 3000-G-4, which does not allow records to 
be destroyed. Refer to the NIH Manual Chapter for specific conditions on 
disposal or retention instructions.
 
SYSTEM MANAGER(S) AND ADDRESS(ES):
 
See Appendix I for a listing of current System Managers. This system is for 
use by all NIH Institutes and Centers.
 

 

09-25-0200 SYSTEMS LISTING 	Page 5 of 10

 
NOTIFICATION PROCEDURE:
 
To determine if a record exists, write to the appropriate IC Privacy Act 
Coordinator listed below. In cases where the requester knows specifically 
which System Manager to contact, he or she may contact the System Manager 
directly (See Appendix I). Notification requests should include: 
individual’s name; current address; date of birth; date, place and nature 
of participation in specific research study; name of individual or 
organization administering the research study (if known); name or 
description of the research study (if known); address at the time of 
participation; and in specific cases, a notarized statement (some highly 
sensitive systems require two witnesses attesting to the individual’s 
identity). A requester must verify his or her identity by providing either 
a notarization of the request or by submitting a written certification that 
the is who he or she claims to be and understands that the knowing and 
willful request for acquisition of a record pertaining to an individual 
under false pretenses is a criminal offense under the Act, subject to a 
five thousand dollar fine.
 
Individuals will be granted direct access to their medical records unless 
the System Manager determines that such access is likely to have an adverse 
effect (i.e., could cause harm) on the individual. In such cases when the 
System Manager has determined that the nature of the record information 
requires medical interpretation, the subject of the record shall be 
requested to designate, in writing, a responsible representative who will 
be willing to review the record and inform the subject individual of its 
contents at the representative’s discretion. The representative may be a 
physician, other health professional, or other responsible individual. In 
this case, the medical/dental record will be sent to the designated 
representative. Individuals will be informed in writing if the record is 
sent to the representative. This same procedure will apply in cases where a 
parent or guardian requests notification of, or access to, a child’s or 
incompetent person’s medical record. The parent or guardian must also 
verify (provide adequate documentation) their relationship to the child or 
incompetent person as well as his or her own identity to prove their 
relationship.
 
If the requester does not know which Institute or Center Privacy Act 
Coordinator to contact for notification purposes, he or she may contact 
directly the NIH Privacy Act Officer at the following address: NIH Privacy 
Act Officer, Office of Management Assessment, 6011 Executive Blvd., Room 
601L, Rockville, MD 20852.
 
NIH Privacy Act Coordinators
 
Associate Director for Disease Prevention, Office of the Director (OD), 
Building 1, Room 260, 1 Center Drive, Bethesda, MD 20892.
 
Privacy Act Coordinator, Clinical Center (CC), Building 10, Room 1N208, 10 
Center Drive, Bethesda, MD 20892.
 
Privacy Act Coordinator, National Center for Complementary and Alternative 
Medicine (NCCAM), Building 31, Room 2B11, 31 Center Drive, Bethesda, MD 
20892-2182.
 
Privacy Act Coordinator, National Cancer Institute (NCI), Building 31, Room 
10A34, 31 Center Drive, Bethesda, MD 20892.
 
Privacy Act Coordinator, National Center on Minority Health and Health 
Disparities (NCMHD), Democracy Plaza II, Room 800, 6707 Democracy 
Boulevard, Bethesda, MD 20892-5465.
 
Privacy Act Coordinator, National Center for Research Resources (NCRR), 
Rockledge I, Room 5140, 6705 Rockledge Drive, Bethesda, MD 20892.
 
Privacy Act Coordinator, National Eye Institute (NEI), Building 31, Room 
6A32, 31 Center Drive, Bethesda, MD 20892-2510.
 

 

09-25-0200 SYSTEMS LISTING 	Page 6 of 10

 
Privacy Act Coordinator, National Human Genome Research Institute (NHGRI), 
Building 10, 3C710, 10 Center Drive, Bethesda, MD 20892.
 
Privacy Act Coordinator, National Heart, Lung, and Blood Institute (NHLBI), 
Building 31, Room 5 A3 3, 31 Center Drive, Bethesda, MD 20892.
 
Privacy Act Coordinator, National Institute on Aging (NIA), Gateway 
Building 31, Room 2C234, 7201 Wisconsin Avenue, Bethesda, MD 20892.
 
Privacy Act Coordinator, National Institute on Alcohol Abuse and Alcoholism 
(NIAAA), Willco Building, Room 400, 6000 Executive Boulevard, Bethesda, MD 
20892-7003.
 
Privacy Act Coordinator, National Institute of Allergy and Infectious 
Diseases (NIAID), 6700-B Rockledge Drive, Room 2143, Bethesda, MD 20892.
 
Privacy Act Coordinator, National Institute of Arthritis and 
Musculoskeletal and Skin Diseases (NIAMS), Natcher Building, Room 5AS49, 45 
Center Drive, Bethesda, MD 20892.
 
Privacy Act Coordinator, National Institute of Biomedical Imaging and 
Bioengineering (NIBIB), Building 31, Room 1B37, 31 Center Drive, Bethesda, 
MD 20892-2077.
 
Privacy Act Coordinator, National Institute of Child Health and Human 
Development (NICHD), Building 31, Room 2A11, 31 Center Drive, Bethesda, MD 
20892.
 
Privacy Act Coordinator, Office of Extramural Affairs, National Institute 
on Drug Abuse (NIDA), Neuroscience Center, 6001 Executive Boulevard, Room 
3158, Bethesda, MD 20892-9547.
 
Privacy Act Coordinator, National Institute on Deafness and Other 
Communication Disorders (NIDCD), Building 31, Room 3C02, 31 Center Drive, 
Bethesda, MD 20892.
 
Privacy Act Coordinator, National Institute of Dental and Craniofacial 
Research (NIDCR), Natcher Building, Room 4AS25, 45 Center Drive, Bethesda, 
MD 20892-6401.
 
Privacy Act Coordinator, National Institute of Diabetes and Digestive and 
Kidney Disease (NIDDK), Building 31, Room 9A47, 31 Center Drive, Bethesda, 
MD 20892.
 
Privacy Act Coordinator, National Institute of Environmental Health 
Sciences (NIEHS), P.O. Box 12233, Research Triangle Park, NC 27709.
 
Privacy Act Coordinator, National Institute of General Medical Sciences 
(NIGMS), Natcher Building, Room 2AN32, 45 Center Drive, Bethesda, MD 20892.
 
Privacy Act Coordinator, National Institute of Mental Health (NIMH), 
Neuroscience Center, 6001 Executive Boulevard, Room 8102, Bethesda, MD 
20892.
 
Privacy Act Coordinator, National Institute of Neurological Disorders and 
Stroke (NINDS), Building 31, Room 8A33, 31 Center Drive, Bethesda, MD 
20892.
 

 

09-25-0200 SYSTEMS LISTING 	Page 7 of 10

 
Privacy Act Coordinator, National Institute of Nursing Research (NINR), 
Rockledge II, Room 710, 6701 Rockledge Drive, Bethesda, MD 20892.
 
RECORD ACCESS PROCEDURE:
 
Same as Notification Procedures. Requesters should reasonably specify the 
record contents being sought. An individual may also request an accounting 
of disclosures of his/her record, if any.
 
CONTESTING RECORD PROCEDURE:
 
Contact the appropriate official at the address specified under 
Notification Procedure, and reasonably identify the record, specify the 
information being contested, and state corrective action sought, with 
supporting information to show how the record is inaccurate, incomplete, 
untimely, or irrelevant.
 
RECORD SOURCE CATEGORIES:
 
The system contains information obtained directly from the subject 
individual by interview (face-to-face or telephone), written questionnaire, 
or by other tests, recording devices or observations, consistent with 
legislation and regulation regarding informed consent and protection of 
human subjects. Information is also obtained from other sources, including 
but not limited to: referring medical physicians, mental 
health/alcohol/drug abuse or other health care providers; hospitals; 
organizations providing biological specimens; relatives; guardians; 
schools; and clinical medical research records.
 
SYSTEMS EXEMPTED FROM CERTAIN PROVISIONS OF THE ACT:
 
None.
 
Appendix I: System Manager(s) and Address(es)
 
Associate Director for Disease Prevention, Office of the Director (OD), 
Building 1, Room 260, 1 Center Drive, Bethesda, MD 20892.
 
Computer Systems Analyst, Division of Cancer Treatment and Diagnosis, 
National Cancer Institute (NCI), Executive Plaza North, Room 344, 6130 
Executive Boulevard, Bethesda, MD 20892.
 
American Burkitt’s Lymphoma Registry, Division of Cancer Etiology, National 
Cancer Institute (NCI), Executive Plaza North, Suite 434, 6130 Executive 
Boulevard, Bethesda, MD 20892.
 
Chief, Genetic Epidemiology Branch, Division of Cancer Epidemiology and 
Genetics, National Cancer Institute (NCI), Executive Plaza South, Room 
7122, 6120 Executive Boulevard, Bethesda, MD 20892- 7236.
 
Program Director, Research Resources, Biological Carcinogenesis Branch, 
Division of Cancer Etiology, National Cancer Institute (NCI), Executive 
Plaza North, Room 540, 6130 Executive Boulevard, Bethesda, MD 20892.
 
Chief, Environmental Epidemiology Branch, Division of Cancer Etiology, 
National Cancer Institute (NCI), Executive Plaza North, Room 443,6130 
Executive Boulevard, Bethesda, MD 20892.
 
Associate Director, Surveillance Program, Division of Cancer Prevention, 
National Cancer Institute (NCI), Executive Plaza North, Room 343K, 6130 
Executive Boulevard, Bethesda, MD 20892.
 

 

09-25-0200 SYSTEMS LISTING 	Page 8 of 10

 
Head, Biostatistics and Data Management Section, Center for Cancer 
Research, National Cancer Institute (NCI), Building 6116, Room 702, 6116 
Executive Boulevard, Bethesda, MD 20892.
 
Chief, Clinical Research Branch, Center for Cancer Research, Frederick 
Cancer Research and Development Center, National Cancer Institute (NCI), 
501 W. 7th Street, Room 3, Frederick, MD 21702.
 
Deputy Branch Chief, Navy Hospital, NCI-Naval Medical Oncology Branch, 
Center for Cancer Research, National Cancer Institute (NCI), Building 8, 
Room 5101, Bethesda, MD 20814.
 
Chief, Pharmaceutical Management Branch, Cancer Therapy Evaluation Program, 
Division of Cancer Treatment and Diagnosis, National Cancer Institute 
(NCI), Executive Plaza North, Room 804, 6130 Executive Boulevard, Bethesda, 
MD 20892.
 
Director, Extramural Clinical Studies, Frederick Cancer Research and 
Development Center, National Cancer Institute (NCI), Fort Detrick, 
Frederick, MD 21702.
 
Clinical Operations Manager, National Eye Institute (NEI), Building 10, 
Room 10S224, 10 Center Drive, Bethesda, MD 20892.
 
Director, Division of Biometry and Epidemiology, National Eye Institute 
(NEI), Building 31, Room 6A52, 31 Center Drive, Bethesda, MD 20892.
 
Associate Director, Office of Clinical Affairs, National Heart, Lung, and 
Blood Institute (NHLBI), Building 10, Room 8C104, 10 Center Drive, 
Bethesda, MD 20892-1754.
 
Senior Scientific Advisor, Office of the Director, Division of Epidemiology 
and Clinical Applications, National Heart, Lung, and Blood Institute 
(NHLBI), Federal Building, Room 220, 7550 Wisconsin Avenue, Bethesda, MD 
20892.
 
Chief Laboratory of Epidemiology, Demography and Biometry, National 
Institute on Aging (NIA), Gateway Building, Room 3C309, 7201 Wisconsin 
Avenue, Bethesda, MD 20892.
 
Chief, Research Resources Branch, Intramural Research Program, National 
Institute on Aging (NIA), 5600 Nathan Shock Drive, Baltimore, MD 21224.
 
Clinical Director, National Institute on Aging (NIA), 5600 Nathan Shock 
Drive, Baltimore, MD 21224.
 
Deputy Director, Division of Biometry and Epidemiology, National Institute 
on Alcohol Abuse and Alcoholism (NIAAA), Willco Building, Room 514, 6000 
Executive Boulevard, Bethesda, MD 20892- 7003.
 
Deputy Director, Division of Clinical and Prevention Research, National 
Institute on Alcohol Abuse and Alcoholism (NIAAA), Willco Building, Room 
505, 6000 Executive Boulevard, Bethesda, MD 20892-7003.
 
Chief, Respiratory Viruses Section, Laboratory of Infectious Diseases, 
National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases (NIAID), Building 7, 
Room 106,7 Memorial Drive, Bethesda, MD 20892.
 

 

09-25-0200 SYSTEMS LISTING 	Page 9 of 10

 
Chief, Hepatitis Virus Section, Laboratory of Infectious Diseases, National 
Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases (NIAID), Building 7, Room 
202,7 Memorial Drive, Bethesda, MD 20892.
 
Chief, Biometry Branch, Division of Microbiology and Infectious Diseases, 
National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases (NIAID), 6700-B 
Rockledge Drive, Room 3120, Bethesda, MD 20892.
 
Clinical Director, National Institute of Arthritis and Musculoskeletal and 
Skin Diseases (NIAMS), Building 10, Room 9S205,10 Center Drive, Bethesda, 
MD 20892.
 
Chief, Contracts Management Branch, National Institute of Child Health and 
Human Development (NICHD), Executive Plaza North, Room 7A07, 6130 Executive 
Boulevard, Bethesda, MD 20892.
 
Director of Intramural Research, National Institute on Deafness and Other 
Communication Disorders (NIDCD), Building 31, Room 3C02, 31 Center Drive, 
Bethesda, MD 20892.
 
Chief, Scientific Programs Branch, National Institute on Deafness and Other 
Communication Disorders (NIDCD), Executive Plaza South, Room 400C, 6120 
Executive Boulevard, Bethesda, MD 20892-7180.
 
Clinical Director, National Institute of Dental and Craniofacial Research 
(NIDCR), Building 10, Room INI 17,10 Center Drive, Bethesda, MD 20892-1191.
 
Chief, Scientific Review Branch, National Institute of Dental and 
Craniofacial Research (NIDCR), Building 10, Room 1N117,10 Center Drive, 
Bethesda, MD 20892-1191.
 
Research Psychologist, Gene Therapy and Therapeutics Branch, National 
Institute of Dental and Craniofacial Research (NIDCR), Building 10, Room 
1N105,10 Center Drive, Bethesda, MD 20892- 1190.
 
Chief, Clinical Investigations, National Institute of Diabetes and 
Digestive and Kidney Diseases (NIDDK), Building 10, Room 9N222,10 Center 
Drive, Bethesda, MD 20892.
 
Chief, Phoenix Clinical Research Section, National Institute of Diabetes 
and Digestive and Kidney Diseases (NIDDK), Phoenix Area Indian Hospital, 
Room 541, 4212 North 16th Street, Phoenix, AZ 85016.
 
Chief, Diabetes Research Section, Division of Diabetes, Endocrinology, and 
Metabolic Diseases, National Institute of Diabetes and Digestive and Kidney 
Disease (NIDDK), Natcher Building, Room 5AN18G, 45 Center Drive, Bethesda, 
MD 20892-6600.
 
Privacy Act Coordinator, Office of Extramural Affairs, National Institute 
on Drug Abuse (NIDA), 6001 Executive Boulevard, Room 3158, Bethesda, MD 
20892-9547.
 
Chief, Epidemiology Branch, National Institute of Environmental Health 
Sciences (NIEHS), P.O. Box 12233, Research Triangle Park, NC 27709.
 
Director, Intramural Research Program, National Institute of Mental Health 
(NIMH), Building 10, Room 4N224,10 Center Drive, Bethesda, MD 20892.
 
Privacy Act Coordinator, National Institute of Mental Health (NIMH), 
Neuroscience Center, Room 8102,6001 Executive Boulevard, Bethesda, MD 
20982.
 

 

09-25-0200 SYSTEMS LISTING 	Page 10 of 10

 
Privacy Act Coordinator, National Institute of Neurological Disorders and 
Stroke (NINDS), Building 31, Room 8A33, 31 Center Drive, Bethesda, MD 
20892.
 
Chief, Epilepsy Branch, National Institute of Neurological Disorders and 
Stroke (NINDS), Neuroscience Center, 6001 Executive Boulevard, Suite 2110, 
Bethesda, MD 20892-9523.
 
Assistant Director, Clinical Neurosciences Program, Division of Intramural 
Research, National Institute of Neurological Disorders and Stroke (NINDS), 
Building 10, Room 5N234,10 Center Drive, Bethesda, MD 20892.
 
Acting Chief, Laboratory of Central Nervous Systems Studies, Intramural 
Research Program, National Institute of Neurological Disorders and Stroke 
(NINDS), Building 36, Room 4A21, 36 Convent Drive, Bethesda, MD 20892-4123.
 
Clinical Director, National Human Genome Research Institute (NHGRI), 
Building 10, Room 10C101D, 10 Center Drive, Bethesda, MD 20892.
 
Deputy Director, Division of Extramural Research, National Institute of 
Neurological Disorders and Stroke (NINDS), Neuroscience Center, Room 3307, 
6001 Executive Boulevard, Bethesda, MD 20892.
 
Director, Office of Clinical and Regulatory Affairs, Division of Extramural 
Research and Training, Democracy Plaza II, Room 401,6707 Democracy 
Boulevard, Bethesda, MD 20892-5475.
 
Privacy Act Coordinator, National Institute of Biomedical Imaging and 
Bioengineering (NIBIB), Building 31, Room 1B37,31 Center Drive, Bethesda, 
MD 20892-2077.
 
Privacy Act Coordinator, National Center on Minority Health and Health 
Disparities (NCMHD), Democracy Plaza II, Room 800, 6707 Democracy 
Boulevard, Bethesda, MD 20892-5465.
 

 

 

 
RESEARCH PATIENT CARE COSTS — NIH(RC)-11
   
(a) 	Research patient care costs are the costs of routine and ancillary 
services provided to patients participating in research programs described 
in this contract.
   
(b) 	Patient care costs shall be computed in a manner consistent with the 
principles and procedures used by the Medicare Program for determining the 
part of Medicare reimbursement based on reasonable costs. The Diagnostic 
Related Group (DRG) prospective reimbursement method used to determine the 
remaining portion of Medicare reimbursement shall not be used to determine 
patient care costs. Patient care rates or amounts shall be established by 
the Secretary of HHS or his duly authorized representative.
   
(c) 	Prior to submitting an invoice for patient care costs under this 
contract, the contractor must make every reasonable effort to obtain third 
party payment, where third party payors (including Government agencies) are 
authorized or are under a legal obligation to pay all or a portion of the 
charges incurred under this contract for patient care.
   
(d) 	The contractor must maintain adequate procedures to identify those 
research patients participating in this contract who are eligible for third 
party reimbursement.
   
(e) 	Only those charges not recoverable from third party payors or patients 
and which are consistent with the terms and conditions of the contract are 
chargeable to this contract.
 

NIH (RC)-11, Research Patient Care Costs 	Page 1 of 1
  	 
  	Attachment 6

 

 
 

 

 

 
INSTRUCTIONS FOR COMPLETION OF SF-LLL, DISCLOSURE OF LOBBYING ACTIVITIES
 
This disclosure form shall be completed by the reporting entity, whether 
subawardee or prime Federal recipient, at the initiation or receipt of a 
covered Federal action, or a material change to a previous filing, pursuant 
to title 31 U.S.C. section 1352. The filing of a form is required for each 
payment or agreementto make payment to any lobbying entity for influencing 
or attempting to influence an officer or employee of any agency, a Member 
of Congress, an officer or employee of Congress, or an employeeof a Member 
of Congress in connection with a covered Federal action. Complete all items 
that apply for both the initial filing and material change report. Refer to 
the implementing guidance published by the Office of Management and Budget 
for additional information.
    
1. 	Identify the type of covered Federal action for which lobbying activity 
is and/or has been secured to influence the outcome of a covered Federal 
action.
       
2. 	Identify the status of the covered Federal action.
       
3. 	Identify the appropriate classification of this report. If this is a 
followup report caused by a material change to the information previously 
reported, enter the year and quarter in which the change occurred. Enter 
the date of the last previously submitted report by this reporting entity 
for this covered Federal action.
       
4. 	Enter the full name, address, city, State and zip code of the reporting 
entity. Include Congressional District, if known. Check the appropriate 
classification of the reporting entity that designates if it is, or expects 
to be, a prime or subaward recipient. Identify the tier of the subawardee, 
e.g., the first subawardee of the prime is the 1 st tier. Subawards include 
but are not limited to subcontracts, subgrants and contract awards under 
grants.
       
5. 	If the organization filing the report in item 4 checks 
"Subawardee,"then enter the full name, address, city, State and zip code of 
the prime Federal recipient. Include Congressional District, if known.
       
6. 	Enter the name of the Federal agency making the award or loan 
commitment. Include at least one organizational level below agency name, if 
known. For example, Department of Transportation, United States Coast 
Guard.
       
7. 	Enter the Federal program name or description for the covered Federal 
action (item 1). If known, enter the full Catalog of Federal Domestic 
Assistance (CFDA) number for grants, cooperative agreements, loans, and 
loan commitments.
       
8. 	Enter the most appropriate Federal identifying number available for the 
Federal action identified in item 1 (e.g., Request for Proposal (RFP) 
number; Invitation for Bid (IFB) number; grant announcement number; the 
contract, grant, or loan award number; the application/proposal control 
number assigned by the Federal agency). Include prefixes, e.g., 
"RFP-DE-90-001."
       
9. 	For a covered Federal action where there has been an award or loan 
commitment by the Federal agency, enter the Federal amount of the 
award/loan commitment for the prime entity identified in item 4 or 5.
       
10. 	(a) 	Enter the full name, address, city, State and zip code of the 
lobbying registrant under the Lobbying Disclosure Act of 1995 engaged by 
the reporting entity identified in item 4 to influence the covered Federal 
action.
       
  	(b) 	Enter the full names of the individual(s) performing services, and 
include full address if different from 10 (a). Enter Last Name, First Name, 
and Middle Initial (Ml).
       
11. 	The certifying official shall sign and date the form, print his/her 
name, title, and telephone number.
    
According to the Paperwork Reduction Act, as amended, no persons are 
required to respond to a collection of information unless it displays a 
valid OMB Control Number. The valid OMB control number for this information 
collection is OMB No. 0348-0046. Public reporting burden for this 
collection of information is estimated to average 10 minutes per response, 
including time for reviewing instructions, searching existing data sources, 
gathering and maintaining the data needed, and completing and reviewing the 
collection of information. Send comments regarding the burden estimate or 
any other aspect of this collection of information, including suggestions 
for reducing this burden, to the Office of Management and Budget, Paperwork 
Reduction Project (0348-0046), Washington, DC 20503.
 

 

 

 
Schedule l-B
 
Contractor Acquired Government Property
 
Biological Specimen Freezer (-80) 	  	$ 	12,000 	 
(For purchase in Phase II) 	  	  	  	 
 
Attachment 8
September 19, 2014
 

 

 

 
 

 

 

 
SBIR Funding Agreement Certification
 
Contract Number:
 
Program Director(s)/Principal Investigators) (PD(s)/PI(s)):
 
All small businesses that are selected for award of an SBIR funding 
agreement must complete this certification at the time of award and any 
other time set forth in the contract that is prior to performance of work 
under this contract. This includes checking all of the boxes and having an 
authorized officer of the contractor sign and date the certification each 
time it is requested.
 
Please read carefully the following certification statements. The Federal 
government relies on this information to determine whether the business is 
eligible for a Small Business Innovation Research (SBIR) Program award. A 
similar certification will be used to ensure continued compliance with 
specific program requirements during the life of the funding agreement. The 
definitions for the terms used in this certification are set forth in the 
Small Business Act, SBA regulations (13 C.F.R. Part 121), the SBIR Policy 
Directive and also any statutory and regulatory provisions references in 
those authorities.
 
If the Contracting Officer believes that the business may not meet certain 
eligibility requirements at the time of award, they are required to file a 
size protest with the U.S. Small Business Administration (SBA), who will 
determine eligibility. At that time, SBA will request further clarification 
and supporting documentation in order to assist in the verification of any 
of the information provided as part of a protest. If the Contracting 
Officer believes, after award, that the business is not meeting certain 
contract requirements, the agency may request further clarification and 
supporting documentation in order to assist in the verification of any of 
the information provided.
 
Even if correct information has been included in other materials submitted 
to the Federal government, any action taken with respect to this 
certification does not affect the Government’s right to pursue criminal, 
civil, or administrative remedies for incorrect or incomplete information 
given in the certification. Each person signing this certification may be 
prosecuted if they have provided false information.
 
The undersigned has reviewed, verified and certifies that (all boxes must 
be checked):
    
1. 	The business concern meets the ownership and control requirements set 
forth in 13 C.F.R. § 121.702.
      x Yes ¨ No
      
2. 	If a corporation, all corporate documents (articles of incorporation 
and any amendments, articles of conversion, by-laws and amendments, 
shareholder meeting minutes showing director elections, shareholder meeting 
minutes showing officer elections, organizational meeting minutes, all 
issued stock certificates, stock ledger, buy-sell agreements, stock 
transfer agreements, voting agreements, and documents relating to stock 
options, including the right to convert non-voting stock or debentures into 
voting stock) evidence that it meets the ownership and control requirements 
set forth in 13C.F.R. § 121.702.
      x Yes ¨ No ¨ N/A Explain why N/A:
      
3. 	If a partnership, the partnership agreement evidences that it meets the 
ownership and control requirements set forth in 13 C.F.R. § 121.702.
      x Yes ¨ No ¨ N/A Explain why N/A: (LLC)
      
4. 	If a limited liability company, the articles of organization and any 
amendments, and operating agreements and amendments, evidence that it meets 
the ownership and control requirements set forth in 13 C.F.R. §121.702.
      x Yes ¨ No ¨ N/A Explain why N/A:
      
5. 	The birth certificates, naturalization papers, or passports show that 
any individuals it relies upon to meet the eligibility requirements are 
U.S. citizens or permanent resident aliens in the United States.
      x Yes ¨ No ¨ N/A Explain why N/A:
 

Attachment 10 	Page 1

 

 
6. 	It has no more than 500 employees, including the employees of its 
affilliates.
      x Yes ¨ No
 
7. 	SBA has not issued a size determination currently in effect finding 
that this business concern exceeds the 500 employee size standard.
      x Yes ¨ No
 
8. 	During the performance of the award, the principal investigator will 
spend more than half of his/her time as an employee of die awardee or has 
requested and received a written deviation from this requirement from the 
Contracting Officer.
      x Yes ¨ No        Deviation approved in writing by Contracting
      Officer:   %
 
9. 	All, essentially equivalent work, or a portion of the work proposed 
under this project (check the applicable line):
        x Has not been submitted for funding by another Federal agency.
       
      ¨ Has been submitted for funding by another Federal agency but has
      not been funded under any other Federal grant, contract, subcontract,
      or other transaction.
       
      ¨ A portion has been funded by another grant, contract, or
      subcontract as described in detail in the proposal and approved in
      writing by the Contracting Officer.
     
10. 	During die performance of award, it will perform die applicable 
percentage of work unless a deviation from this requirement is approved in 
writing by the Contracting Officer (check the applicable line and fill in 
if needed):
       
      x SBIR Phase I: at least two-thirds (66 2/3%) of the research
       
      x SBIR Phase II: at least half (5 0%) of die research
       
      ¨ Deviation approved in writing by the Contracting Officer %
 
11. 	During performance of award, the research/research and development 
will be performed in the United States unless a deviation is approved in 
writing by the Contracting Officer.
      x Yes ¨ No
 
12. 	During the performance of award, the research/research and development 
will be performed at my facilities with my employees, except as otherwise 
indicated in the SBIR proposal and approved in the Notice of Award
      x Yes ¨ No
 
13. 	It has registered itself on SBA’s database as majority-owned by 
venture capital operating companies, hedge funds or private equity firms.
      ¨ Yes x No ¨ N/A     Explain why N/A:
 
14. 	It is a Covered Small Business Concern (a small business concern that: 
(a) was not majority-owned by multiple venture capital operating companies 
(VCOCs), hedge funds, or private equity firms on die data on which it 
submitted a proposal in response to an SBIR solicitation; and (b) on the 
date of the SBIR award, which is made more than 9 months after the closing 
date of the solicitation, is majority-owned by multiple venture capital 
operating companies, hedge funds, or private equity firms).
      x Yes ¨ No
      It will notify the Federal agency immediately if all or a portion of
      the work proposed is subsequentiy funded by another Federal agency.
      x Yes ¨ No
       

  	Page 2 	SBIR Funding Agreement Certificate

 

 
I understand that the information submitted may be given to Federal, State 
and local agencies for determining violations of law and other purposes.
 
I am an officer of the business concern authorized to represent it and sign 
this certification on its behalf. By signing this certification, I am 
representing on my own behalf, and on behalf of the business concern that 
the information provided in this certification, the proposal, and all other 
information submitted in connection with this proposal is true and correct 
as of the date of submission. I acknowledge that any intentional or 
negligent misrepresentation of the information contained in this 
certification may result in criminal, civil or administrative sanctions, 
including but not limited to: (1) fines, restitution and/or imprisonment 
under 18 U.S.C. § 1001; (2) treble damages and civil penalties under the 
False Claims Act (31 U.S.C. § 3729 et seq); (3) double damages and civil 
penalties under the Program Fraud Civil Remedies Act (31 U.S.C. §380 1 et 
seq); (4) civil recovery of award funds; (5) suspension and/or debarment 
from all Federal procurement and nonprocurement transactions (FAR Subpart 
9.4 or 2 C.F.R. part 180; and (6) other administrative penalties including 
termination of SBIR/STTR awards.
  
Date 	9/19/2014
 
Signature 	/s/ ANATOLY DRITSCHILO
 
Printed Name (First, Middle, Last) 	ANATOLY DRITSCHILO
 
Title 	CEO
 
Organization Name 	Shuttle Pharmaceuticals, LLC
  

  	Page 3 	SBIR Funding Agreement Certificate

 

 
NIH Small Business Innovation Research Program
Life Cycle Certification
 
All SBIR Phase I and Phase II Contractors must complete this certification 
at all times set forth in the funding agreement (see § 8(h) of the SBIR 
Policy Directive). This includes checking all of the boxes and having an 
authorized officer of the Contractor sign and date the certification each 
time it is required.
 
A certification is required at the following times:
     
· 	For SBIR Phase I Contractors: At the time of receiving final payment or 
disbursement.
 
· 	For SBIR Phase II Contractors: prior to receiving more than 50% of the 
total contract amount and prior to final payment or disbursement.
 
If the Contractor cannot complete this certification or cannot ensure 
compliance with the certification process, it should notify the Contracting 
Officer immediately. If resolution cannot be reached, the Contracting 
Officer will void or terminate the award, as appropriate.
 
Contract Number:
 
Program Director(s)/Principal Investigator(s) (PD(s)/PI(s)):
 
Please read carefully the following certification statements. The Federal 
government relies on the information to ensure compliance with specific 
program requirements during the life of the funding agreement. The 
definitions for the terms used in this certification are set forth in the 
Small Business Act, the SBIR Policy Directive, and also any statutory and 
regulatory provisions referenced in those authorities.
 
If the Contracting Officer believes that the business is not meeting 
certain funding agreement requirements, the agency may request further 
clarification and supporting documentation in order to assist in the 
verification of any of the information provided.
 
Even if correct information has been included in other materials submitted 
to the Federal government, any action taken with respect to this 
certification does not affect the Government’s right to pursue criminal, 
civil or administrative remedies for incorrect or incomplete information 
given in the certification. Each person signing this certification may be 
prosecuted if they have provided false information.
 
The undersigned has reviewed, verified and certifies that (all boxes must 
be checked):
 
1. 	The principal investigator spent more than one half of his/her time as 
an employee of the Contractor or has requested and received a written 
deviation from this requirement from the Contracting Officer.
 
        ¨ Yes ¨ No Deviation approved in writing by Contracting
        Officer:________%
 
2. 	All, essentially equivalent work, or a portion of the work performed 
under this project (check the applicable line):
 
      ¨ Has not been submitted for funding by another Federal agency.
  

Attachment 11 	Page 1

 

 
      ¨ Has been submitted for funding by another Federal agency but has
      not been funded under any other Federal grant, contract, subcontract,
      or other transaction.
 
      ¨ A portion has been funded by another grant, contract, or
      subcontract as described in detail in the proposal and approved in
      writing by the Contracting Officer.
 
3. 	Upon completion of the contract it will have performed the applicable 
percentage of work, unless a deviation from this requirement is approved in 
writing by the Contracting Officer (check the applicable line and fill in 
if needed):
 
      ¨ SBIR Phase I: at least two-thirds (66 2/3%) of the research
 
      ¨ SBIR Phase II: at least half (50%) of the research
 
      ¨ Deviation approved in writing by the Contracting Officer:     %
 
4. 	The work is completed and it has performed the applicable percentage of 
work, unless a deviation from this requirement is approved in writing by 
the Contracting Officer (check the applicable line and fill in if needed).
 
      ¨ SBIR Phase I: at least two-thirds (66 2/3%) of the research
 
      ¨ SBIR Phase II: at least half (50%) of the research
 
      ¨ Deviation approved in writing by the Contracting Officer:     %
 
      ¨ N/A because work is not completed
 
5. 	The research/research and development is performed in the United States 
unless a deviation is approved in writing by the Contracting Officer.
 
      ¨ Yes ¨ No Waiver has been granted
 
6. 	The research/research and development is performed at my facilities 
with my employees, except as otherwise indicated in the SBIR proposal and 
approved in the contract.
 
      ¨ Yes ¨ No
 
¨ I will notify the Federal agency immediately if all or a portion of the 
work proposed is subsequently funded by another Federal agency.
 
¨ I understand that the information submitted may be given to Federal, 
State and local agencies for determining violations of law and other 
purposes.
 
¨ I am an officer of the business concern authorized to represent it and 
sign this certification on its behalf. By signing this certification, I am 
representing on my own behalf, and on behalf of the business concern that 
the information provided in this certification, the proposal, and all other 
information submitted in connection with the award, is true and correct as 
of the date of submission. I acknowledge that any intentional or negligent 
misrepresentation of the information contained in this certification may 
result in criminal, civil or administrative sanctions, including but not 
limited to: (1) fines, restitution and/or imprisonment under 18 U.S.C. § 
1001; (2) treble damages and civil penalties under the False Claims Act (31 
U.S.C. § 3729 et seq.); (3) double damages and civil penalties under the 
Program Fraud Civil Remedies Act (31 U.S.C. §3801 et seq.); (4) civil 
recovery of award funds; (5) suspension and/or debarment from all Federal 
procurement and nonprocurement transactions (FAR Subpart 9.4 or 2 C.F.R. 
part 180); and (6) other administrative penalties including termination of 
SBIR/STTR awards.
 

  	Page 2

 

 
Date 	 
Signature 	 
Printed Name (First, Middle, Last) 	 
Title 	 
Business Name 	 
 

  	Page 3

 

 
 
 

 

 

 
BEGINNING WITH THE EFFECTIVE DATE OF THIS MODIFICATION, THE GOVERNMENT AND 
THE CONTRACTOR MUTUALLY AGREE AS FOLLOWS:
 
ARTICLE B.3. OPTION FOR PHASE II subparagraph d is revised as follows:
 
d. If the Government exercises its option pursuant to the OPTION PROVISION 
Article in SECTION H of this contract, the Government’s total estimated 
contract amount represented by the sum of the estimated cost plus the fixed 
fee will be increased as follows:
 
  	  	Estimated
Cost($) 	  	  	Fixed Fee($) 	  	  	Estimated Cost Plus Fixed
Fee($) 	 
Base Period
9/19/2014 - 8/03/2015 	  	$ 	181,105 	  	  	$ 	10,866 	  	  	$ 	191,971 	 
Option Period:
8/04/2015 - 8/03/2017 	  	$ 	1,347,280 	  	  	$ 	80,837 	  	  	$ 	
1,428,117 	 
Total [Base Period and Option] 	  	$ 	1,528,385 	  	  	$ 	91,703 	  	  	$ 	
1,620,088 	 
 
ARTICLE B.4. ADVANCE UNDERSTANDINGS, subparagraph b., is revised as 
follows:
 
b. Subcontract
 
A fixed type subcontract with Rhode Island Hospital for Phase I for an 
amount not to exceed $65,549 for the period for the period 9/19/2014
-8/03/2015.
 
If the Government exercises its option for Phase II pursuant to the Option 
Provision Article in Section H of this contract, the total estimated 
Subcontract amount will be increased as follows:
 
Option 8/04/2015-8/03/2017 - $623,269
 
ARTICLE F.1. PERIOD OF PERFORMANCE- is revised as follows:
 
a. The period of performance of this contract shall be from 09/19/2014 
through 08/03/2017.
 
b. If the Government exercises its option pursuant to the OPTION PROVISION 
Article in Section H of this contract, the period of performance will be 
increased as listed below:
 
Option 	  	Option Period
Option for Phase II 	  	August 04, 2015 - August 03, 2017
 

Shuttle Pharmaceuticals, LLC
HHSN261201400013C
Modification 2
2 of 6

 

 
ARTICLE F.2. DELIVERIES-subparagraph b is revised as follows:
  
b. The above items shall be addressed and emailed to 
ncibranchbinvoices@mail.nih.gov .The following addresses are provided for 
general correspondence and other deliveries:
  
Addressee 	  	Deliverable Item No 	  	Quantity
Sandra Addae, Contract Specialist National Cancer Institute Office of 
Acquisitions,
9609 Medical Center Drive,
Room 1E632
MSC 9705
Bethesda, MD 20892-9705
  	1-14, 16-21 	  	Electronically
  	  	  	  	 
Deepa Narayanan, COR National Cancer Institute NCI SBIR & STTR Programs, 
Room1W5429609 Medical Center Drive, MSC9705Bethesda, MD 20892-9705 	  	
2-12 	  	Electronically
  	  	  	  	 
OPERA, OEH, NIH6705 Rockledge DriveSuite 310, MSC 7980Bethesda, Maryland 
20892-7980 	  	13-15 	  	Electronically
  
ARTICLE G.3. INVOICE SUBMISSION/CONTRACT FINANCING REQUEST AND CONTRACT 
FINANCIAL REPORT - 2.f. and 2.h are revised as follows:
  
2. f. The contract period of performance is: 9/19/2014 - 08/03/2017
  
2. h. Contract line items as follows:
 
Line Item # 	  	Line Item Description
1 	  	Clinical Development of IPdR for Radiosensitization
2 	  	Phase II Clinical Development of IPdR for Radiosensitization
    
  ARTICLE I.1. GENERAL CLAUSES FOR A FIXED-PRICE RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT
  SBIR PHASE II CONTRACT- is deleted and replaced in its entirety.
    
  This contract incorporates the following clauses by reference, with the
  same force and effect as if they were given in full text. Upon request,
  the Contracting Officer will make their full text available. Also, the
  full text of a clause may be accessed electronically as follows: FAR
  Clauses at: http://www.acquisition.gov/far/ . HHSAR Clauses at: 
  http://www.hhs.gov/policies/hhsar/subpart352.html
 

Shuttle Pharmaceuticals, LLC
HHSN261201400013C
Modification 2
3 of 6

 

 
a. FEDERAL ACQUISITION REGULATION (FAR) (48 CFR CHAPTER 1) CLAUSES:
 
FAR
CLAUSE NO.
  	DATE 	  	TITLE
52.202-1 	  	Nov 2013 	  	Definitions (Over the Simplified Acquisition 
Threshold)
52.203-3 	  	Apr 1984 	  	Gratuities (Over the Simplified Acquisition 
Threshold)
52.203-5 	  	May 2014 	  	Covenant Against Contingent Fees (Over the 
Simplified Acquisition Threshold)
52.203-6 	  	Sep 2006 	  	Restrictions on Subcontractor Sales to the 
Government (Over the Simplified Acquisition Threshold)
52.203-7 	  	May 2014 	  	Anti-Kickback Procedures (Over the Simplified 
Acquisition Threshold)
52.203-8 	  	May 2014 	  	Cancellation, Rescission, and Recovery of Funds 
for Illegal or Improper Activity (Over the Simplified Acquisition 
Threshold)
52.203-10 	  	May 2014 	  	Price or Fee Adjustment for Illegal or Improper 
Activity (Over the Simplified Acquisition Threshold)
52.203-12 	  	Oct 2010 	  	Limitation on Payments to Influence Certain 
Federal Transactions (Over $150,000)
52.203-17 	  	Apr 2014 	  	Contractor Employee Whistleblower Rights and 
Requirements to Inform Employees of Whistleblower Rights (Over the 
Simplified Acquisition Threshold)
52.203-99 	  	Feb 2015 	  	Prohibition on Contracting with Entities That 
Require Certain Internal Confidentiality Agreements
52.204-4 	  	May 2011 	  	Printed or Copied Double-Sided on Postconsumer 
Fiber Content Paperf(Over the Simplified Acquisition Threshold)
52.204-10 	  	Jul 2013 	  	Reporting Executive Compensation and First-Tier 
Subcontract Awards ($25,000 or more)
52.204-13 	  	Jul 2013 	  	System for Award Management Maintenance
52.209-6 	  	Aug 2013 	  	Protecting the Government's Interest When 
Subcontracting With Contractors Debarred, Suspended, or Proposed for 
Debarment (Over $30,000)
52.215-2 	  	Oct 2010 	  	Audit and Records - Negotiation [Note: Applies to 
ALL contracts funded in whole or in part with Recovery Act funds, 
regardless of dollar value, AND contracts over the Simplified Acquisition 
Threshold funded exclusively with non-Recovery Act funds.]
52.215-8 	  	Oct 1997 	  	Order of Precedence - Uniform Contract Format
52.215-10 	  	Aug 2011 	  	Price Reduction for Defective Certified Cost or 
Pricing Data (Over $700,000)
52.215-12 	  	Oct 2010 	  	Subcontractor Cost or Pricing Data (Over 
$700,000)
52.215-14 	  	Oct 2010 	  	Integrity of Unit Prices (Over the Simplified 
Acquisition Threshold)
52.215-15 	  	Oct 2010 	  	Pension Adjustments and Asset Reversions (Over 
$700,000)
52.215-18 	  	Jul 2005 	  	Reversion or Adjustment of Plans for 
Post-Retirement Benefits (PRB) other than Pensions
52.215-19 	  	Oct 1997 	  	Notification of Ownership Changes
52.215-21 	  	Oct 2010 	  	Requirements for Certified Cost or Pricing Data 
and Data Other Than Certified Cost or Pricing Data - Modifications
52.219-6 	  	Jul 1996 	  	Notice of Total Small Business Set-Aside
 

Shuttle Pharmaceuticals, LLC
HHSN261201400013C
Modification 2
4 of 6

 

 
FAR
CLAUSE NO.
  	DATE 	  	TITLE
52.219-8 	  	Oct 2014 	  	Utilization of Small Business Concerns (Over the 
Simplified Acquisition Threshold)
52.219-14 	  	Dec 1996 	  	Limitations on Subcontracting
52.222-3 	  	Jun 2003 	  	Convict Labor
52.222-21 	  	Apr 2015 	  	Prohibition of Segregated Facilities
52.222-26 	  	Apr 2015 	  	Equal Opportunity
52.222-35 	  	Jul 2014 	  	Equal Opportunity for Veterans ($100,000 or 
more)
52.222-36 	  	Jul 2014 	  	Equal Opportunity for Workers with Disabilities
52.222-37 	  	Jul 2014 	  	Employment Reports on Veterans ($100,000 or 
more)
52.222-40 	  	Dec 2010 	  	Notification of Employee Rights Under the 
National Labor Relations Act (Over the Simplified Acquisition Threshold)
52.222-50 	  	Mar 2015 	  	Combating Trafficking in Persons
52.222-54 	  	Aug 2013 	  	Employment Eligibility Verification (Over the 
Simplified Acquisition Threshold)
52.223-6 	  	May 2001 	  	Drug-Free Workplace
52.223-18 	  	Aug 2011 	  	Encouraging Contractor Policies to Ban Text 
Messaging While Driving
52.225-1 	  	May 2014 	  	Buy American - Supplies
52.225-13 	  	Jun 2008 	  	Restrictions on Certain Foreign Purchases
52.227-1 	  	Dec 2007 	  	Authorization and Consent, Alternate I (Apr 1984)
52.227-2 	  	Dec 2007 	  	Notice and Assistance Regarding Patent and 
Copyright Infringement
52.227-11 	  	May 2014 	  	Patent Rights - Ownership by the Contractor 
(Note: In accordance with FAR 27.303(b)(2), paragraph (e) is modified to 
include the requirements in FAR 27.303(b)(2)(i) through (iv). The frequency 
of reporting in (i) is annual.
52.227-20 	  	May 2014 	  	Rights in Data - SBIR Program
52.229-3 	  	Feb 2013 	  	Federal, State and Local Taxes (Over the 
Simplified Acquisition Threshold)
52.232-2 	  	Apr 1984 	  	Payments under Fixed-Price Research and 
Development Contracts
52.232-9 	  	Apr 1984 	  	Limitation on Withholding of Payments
52.232-17 	  	May 2014 	  	Interest (Over the Simplified Acquisition 
Threshold)
52.232-23 	  	May 2014 	  	Assignment of Claims
52.232-25 	  	Jul 2013 	  	Prompt Payment
52.232-33 	  	Jul 2013 	  	Payment by Electronic Funds Transfer-System for 
Award Management
52.232-39 	  	Jun 2013 	  	Unenforceability of Unauthorized Obligations
52.233-1 	  	May 2014 	  	Disputes
52.233-3 	  	Aug 1996 	  	Protest After Award
52.233-4 	  	Oct 2004 	  	Applicable Law for Breach of Contract Claim
52.242-13 	  	Jul 1995 	  	Bankruptcy (Over the Simplified Acquisition 
Threshold)
52.243-1 	  	Aug 1987 	  	Changes - Fixed Price, Alternate V (Apr 1984)
52.244-5 	  	Dec 1996 	  	Competition in Subcontracting (Over the 
Simplified Acquisition Threshold)
52.244-6 	  	Apr 2015 	  	Subcontracts for Commercial Items
52.249-2 	  	Apr 2012 	  	Termination for the Convenience of the Government 
(Fixed-Price)
52.249-9 	  	Apr 1984 	  	Default (Fixed-Price Research and 
Development)(Over the Simplified Acquisition Threshold)
 

Shuttle Pharmaceuticals, LLC
HHSN261201400013C
Modification 2
5 of 6

 

 
FAR 
CLAUSE NO.
  	
DATE
  	TITLE
52.253-1 	  	Jan  1991 	  	Computer Generated Forms
 
b. DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES ACQUISITION REGULATION (HHSAR) 
(48 CFR CHAPTER 3) CLAUSES:
 
HHSAR
CLAUSE NO.
  	DATE 	  	TITLE
352.202-1 	  	Jan 2006 	  	Definitions
352.203-70 	  	Mar 2012 	  	Anti-Lobbying
352.222-70 	  	Jan 2010 	  	Contractor Cooperation in Equal Employment 
Opportunity Investigations
352.227-70 	  	Jan 2006 	  	Publications and Publicity
352.231-71 	  	Jan 2001 	  	Pricing of Adjustments
352.242-70 	  	Jan 2006 	  	Key Personnel
352.242-73 	  	Jan 2006 	  	Withholding of Contract Payments
   
[End of GENERAL CLAUSES FOR A FIXED-PRICE RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT SBIR 
PHASE II CONTRACT- Rev. 04/2015].
 
All other terms and conditions of this contract remain unchanged and in 
full force and effect.
 

Shuttle Pharmaceuticals, LLC
HHSN261201400013C
Modification 2
6 of 6

 