 EX-10 2 matr-ex10_6.htm EX-10 EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT
 
Exhibit 10.1

EXECUTIVE EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT

Mattersight Corporation (the “Company”), and David Mullen, an individual 
(“Employee”), enter into this Executive Employment Agreement (“Agreement”) 
as of January 3, 2017 (the “Effective Date”).

Whereas, the Company desires to employ Employee to provide personal 
services to the Company and to provide Employee with certain compensation 
and benefits in return for his services; and

Whereas, Employee wishes to be employed by the Company and to provide 
personal services to the Company in return for certain compensation and 
benefits.

Now, Therefore, in consideration of the mutual promises and covenants 
contained herein, it is hereby agreed by and between the parties hereto as 
follows:

1. Duties. The Company shall employ Employee as its Senior Vice President 
and Chief Financial Officer, reporting directly to the Company’s President 
and Chief Executive Officer, and Employee accepts such employment upon the 
terms and conditions herein. Employee shall have such responsibilities, 
duties, and authority in all material respects as are assigned to Employee 
as of the date hereof and such other responsibilities, duties, and 
authority as the President and Chief Executive Officer may reasonably 
designate and are customarily associated with this position.

(a) Outside Activities. During the term of employment, Employee shall 
perform faithfully the duties assigned to him to the best of his ability, 
and Employee shall devote his full and undivided business time and 
attention to the transaction of the Company’s business. Except in 
conformity with the requirements of the Company’s then-effective Code of 
Ethical Business Conduct, Employee will not during the term of this 
Agreement undertake or engage (other than as a passive investor) in any 
other employment, occupation, or business enterprise, whether as an agent, 
partner, proprietor, officer, director, employee, consultant, contractor, 
or otherwise, whether during or outside the business hours of the Company. 
Employee may engage in civic and not-for-profit activities so long as such 
activities do not interfere with the performance of his duties hereunder.

(b) No Adverse Interests. Except as permitted by Section 9(c), during the 
term of employment, Employee agrees not to acquire, assume, or participate 
in, directly or indirectly, any position, investment, or interest that is 
known or should be known by him to be adverse or antagonistic to the 
Company, its business, or prospects, financial or otherwise.

2. Term of Employment; Termination.

(a) At-Will Relationship. Employee’s employment relationship is at-will. 
Either Employee or the Company may terminate the employment relationship at 
any time, for any reason or no reason, with or without Cause or advance 
notice.

©2017 Mattersight Corporation.  Mattersight Restricted Confidential 
Information.
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

(b) Termination by the Company without Cause; Termination by Employee with 
Good Reason.

(i) Cause Definition. For purposes of this Agreement, “Cause” shall mean 
any of the following:  (i) conviction, including a plea of guilty or no 
contest, of any felony or any crime involving moral turpitude or 
dishonesty; (ii) fraud upon the Company (or an affiliate), embezzlement or 
misappropriation of corporate funds; (iii) willful acts of dishonesty 
materially harmful to the Company; (iv) activities materially harmful to 
the Company’s reputation; (v) Employee’s willful misconduct, willful 
refusal to perform his duties, or substantial willful disregard of his 
duties, provided that the Company first provides Employee with written 
notice of such conduct and thirty (30) days to cure such conduct, if such 
conduct is reasonably susceptible to cure; or (vi) material breach of this 
Agreement, any other agreement with the Company, any policy of the Company, 
or any statutory duty or common law duty of loyalty owed to the Company 
that causes material harm to the Company; provided, no act or omission on 
Employee’s part shall be considered “willful” unless it is done by Employee 
without reasonable belief that the Employee’s action was in the best 
interests of the Company.

(ii) Good Reason Definition. For the purposes of this Agreement, “Good 
Reason” shall mean: (A) a reduction of Employee’s base salary below the 
amount set forth in Section 3 of this Agreement, or a reduction in the 
“Target Bonus” defined in Section 4 of this Agreement, if any, unless such 
reduction is shared proportionally by the three most highly-salaried 
officers of the Company in addition to Employee; (B) an involuntary 
relocation of Employee’s place of work to any location outside of the 
metropolitan area in which his primary office is located immediately prior 
to the relocation, excluding temporary periods of thirty (30) days or less 
and ordinary course business travel; (C) a significant diminution by the 
Company in Employee’s position (including offices, titles, and reporting 
relationships), authority, duties, or responsibilities (excluding 
diminutions resulting in the ordinary course from the Company becoming, 
pursuant to a Change of Control, (x) part of a larger organization in which 
Employee directly reports to the Chief Executive Officer of such 
organization; or (y) a subsidiary or equivalent separate functional 
business unit of a larger organization); (D) a material breach by the 
Company of this Agreement; or (E) failure by the Company to assign this 
Agreement to a successor upon a Change of Control. No Good Reason shall 
exist where: (1) Employee consents to the event that forms the basis for 
the Good Reason resignation; (2) Employee does not provide the Company’s 
President and Chief Executive Officer with written notice describing in 
detail the Good Reason within thirty (30) days after its occurrence; or (3) 
the Company cures the Good Reason within thirty (30) days after its receipt 
of such notice, if such conduct is reasonably susceptible to cure.

(i) Severance Benefits.  In the event that Employee’s employment is 
terminated without Cause by the Company or is terminated by Employee with 
Good Reason, Employee shall receive the following as his sole and exclusive 
severance benefits (collectively, the “Severance Benefits”):  

(1) Severance Pay.  Employee will receive a lump sum payment, within seven 
(7) days following the effective date of termination, equal to six (6) 
months of his then‑current base salary, less standard payroll deductions 
and withholdings.

(2) Severance Bonus.  Employee will be paid a bonus, within seven (7) days 
following the effective date of termination, equal to 50% of the average of 
(A) the annual bonus he was paid for the year immediately preceding the 
termination and (B) his Target Bonus under the Company’s then-current bonus 
plan, if any, less standard payroll deductions and withholdings.  

(3) Severance Health Premium Reimbursements.  If Employee timely elects to 
continue his Company-provided group health insurance coverage pursuant to 
the federal COBRA law, the Company will reimburse Employee for the cost of 
such COBRA premiums to continue health insurance coverage at the same level 
of coverage for Employee and his dependents (if applicable) in effect as of 
the termination date, through the end of six (6) months or until such time 
as Employee qualifies for health insurance benefits through a new employer, 
whichever occurs first.  Employee shall notify the Company in writing of 
such new employment not later than five (5) business days after securing 
it.  

2
 
©2017 Mattersight Corporation. Mattersight Restricted Confidential 
Information.
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

(4) Severance Vesting.  The vesting of all restricted stock or stock option 
or other equity grants that Employee has previously received or may in the 
future receive from the Company, shall be accelerated so that, as of the 
date of the termination, such restricted stock and stock option grants 
shall vest as to the number of shares that would have vested had Employee 
provided an additional six (6) months of continuous service to the Company; 
provided, however, that if Employee is terminated without Cause within six 
(6) months following a Change in Control (as defined in Section 6.8(b) of 
the Company’s 1999 Stock Incentive Plan), Employee terminates his 
employment within six (6) months following a Change in Control, or Employee 
terminates his employment for the Good Reason described in clause (E) of 
Section 2(b)(ii), then such restricted stock and stock option grants shall 
vest as to the number of shares that would have vested had Employee 
provided an additional twelve (12) months of continuous service to the 
Company.

(ii) Severance Conditions.  As a condition of and prior to the receipt of 
all or any of the Severance Benefits, Employee must execute and allow to 
become effective a general release of claims in the form attached hereto as 
Exhibit A within sixty (60) days after the effective date of termination 
and must comply with the terms of this Agreement.  Upon any termination of 
Employee’s employment by the Company without Cause or by Employee for Good 
Reason, the Company and its affiliates (by and through their respective 
directors and senior executive officers) and Executive agree not to 
disparage the other party.

(c) Termination for Cause; Voluntary or Mutual Termination.

(i) No Severance. In the event Employee’s employment is terminated by the 
Company at any time for Cause, or Employee terminates his employment 
without Good Reason, or the parties mutually terminate their employment 
relationship, Employee will not be entitled to any Severance Benefits, pay 
in lieu of notice, or any other severance, compensation, benefits, equity, 
acceleration, or any other amounts, with the exception of any benefit to 
which Employee has a vested right under a written benefit plan.

(ii) Resignation. Employee may voluntarily terminate his employment with 
the Company at any time, without liability therefor. Employee agrees to use 
good faith to give the Company reasonable notice of any such voluntary 
termination. Upon receipt of any termination notice from Employee, the 
Company, at its election, may require Employee to resign his employment 
prior to the occurrence of any requested termination date.

(d) Termination for Death or Disability.

(i) Termination. Employee’s employment will terminate upon his death or 
Disability.

(ii) Disability Definition. For the purposes of this Agreement, 
“Disability” shall have the meaning set forth in the Company’s then-current 
long-term disability benefit program or, if no such program is then in 
effect, shall mean a permanent disability rendering Employee unable to 
perform his duties for the Company for ninety (90) consecutive days or one 
hundred eighty (180) days in any twelve (12) month period, which 
determination shall be made after the period of disability, unless an 
earlier determination can be made, by an independent physician appointed by 
the Board.

(iii) Death or Disability Benefit. Following the death or Disability of 
Employee while employed by the Company, the Company will provide Employee 
(or, in the case of death, Employee’s estate) a lump sum amount payable 
within thirty (30) days thereafter, equal to:  (A) Employee’s salary for 
twelve (12) months; (B) an amount equal to 100% of the average of (x) the 
annual bonus he was paid for the year immediately preceding the termination 
and (y) his Target Bonus under the Company’s then-current bonus plan, if 
any, less standard payroll deductions and withholdings; plus (C) the cost 
of such COBRA premiums to continue health insurance coverage at the same 
level of coverage for Employee and his dependents (if applicable) in effect 
as of the termination date, through the end of twelve (12) months. All 
restricted stock and stock option grants that Employee has then received 
from the Company or may in the future receive from the Company shall be 
vested as to half of the unvested shares (or such greater amount, if any, 
as is provided for in the agreement for the applicable grant), and all such 
stock options shall, notwithstanding any lesser period, if any, provided 
for in the agreement for the applicable grant, be exercisable for one (1) 
year following such termination (but not exceeding the term of such 
option).

3
 
©2017 Mattersight Corporation. Mattersight Restricted Confidential 
Information.
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

(iv) Severance Conditions. As a condition of and prior to the receipt of 
all or any of the Severance Benefits provided for upon death or Disability, 
Employee (or, in the case of death, Employee’s estate) must execute and 
allow to become effective a general release of claims in the form attached 
hereto as Exhibit A within sixty (60) days of termination and must comply 
with the terms of this Agreement. Upon any termination of Employee’s 
employment for death or Disability, the Company and its affiliates (by and 
through their respective directors and senior executive officers) and 
Executive (or, in the case of death, Employee’s estate) agree not to 
disparage the other party.

(e) No Mitigation. In no event shall Employee be obligated to seek other 
employment or take any other action by way of mitigation of the Severance 
Benefits payable to Employee, and such amounts (other than as provided at 
Section 2(b)(iii)(2)) shall not be reduced whether or not the Employee 
obtains other employment.

(f) Accrued Obligations. Not later than ten (10) days after termination of 
Employee’s employment, the Company shall pay Employee:  (i) his accrued and 
unpaid base salary at the rate in effect at the time of notice of 
termination; (ii) any previous year’s earned but unpaid bonus and other 
earned and unpaid incentive cash compensation; and (iii) accrued and unused 
vacation time, unpaid expense reimbursements, and other unpaid cash 
entitlements earned by Employee as of the date of termination pursuant to 
the terms of the applicable Company plan or program.

3. Salary. For services rendered hereunder, the Company shall pay Employee 
a base salary at the per annum rate of $325,000 less standard payroll 
deductions and withholdings, and payable in accordance with the Company’s 
regular payroll schedule. Employee’s base salary (as well as his 
eligibility for incentive equity grants) shall be subject to annual review 
and his base salary may, at the discretion of the Company’s Board of 
Directors, be increased from time to time.

4. Target Bonus. Employee will be offered the opportunity to participate in 
the Company’s then-current bonus plan. Subject to and in accordance with 
the terms and conditions of such plan and this Section, upon achievement of 
all bonus-related goals and objectives set by the Board of Directors and/or 
the Chief Executive Officer for the Company and for Employee (the “Bonus 
Objectives”), Employee shall receive a cash bonus equal to or greater than 
$300,000 (“Target Bonus”), less standard payroll deductions and withholding 
as are applicable to similarly situated employees. The Company shall have 
the sole discretion to (i) change or eliminate bonus plans or programs at 
any time (provided, however, that after the bonus plan and Target Bonus 
objectives have been established by the Board and/or the Chief Executive 
Officer for a given year, neither the Board nor the Chief Executive Officer 
shall later materially change the bonus plan or Bonus Objectives for such 
year to Employee’s detriment without Employee’s consent), (ii) determine 
whether the Bonus Objectives for a given year have been achieved, and (iii) 
determine (in accordance with this Section and such Bonus Objectives and 
bonus plan) the amount of bonus earned by Employee, if any. Bonuses are 
intended to retain valuable Company employees, and if Employee is not 
employed for any reason on the last day of the bonus year, he will not have 
earned the bonus and, except as expressly provided herein with respect to 
the Severance Bonus, no partial or pro-rata bonus will be paid. Any bonus 
paid pursuant to this Section 4 shall be paid net of standard payroll 
deductions and withholdings. The target payment date for any bonus measured 
on the basis of a calendar year shall be between January 1 and April 15 of 
the calendar year following the end of the performance period; provided, 
however, that such bonus shall be paid no later than April 15 of such 
calendar year following the end of the performance period.

5. Employee Benefits. Employee shall be entitled to participate in such 
employee benefit plans, including the Company’s 401(k) plan, life 
insurance, and medical benefits plans, and shall receive all other fringe 
benefits, as the Company may make available generally to its senior 
executive employees generally, for which Employee is eligible under the 
terms and conditions of such plans, in each case subject to the 
requirements, rules and regulations from time to time applicable thereto. 
Details about these benefits are set forth in summary plan descriptions and 
other materials.

6. Equity Awards. Subject to the formal approval of the Company’s Board of 
Directors, the Company shall grant to Employee an award of 275,000 shares 
of restricted Company common stock (the “Equity Award”). The Equity Award 
will vest over a three-year period, in equal quarterly increments on the 
regular vesting date commencing February 2017. Regular vesting dates are 
the last business day of February, May, August, and

4
 
©2017 Mattersight Corporation. Mattersight Restricted Confidential 
Information.
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

November of each year. In addition, Employee may be eligible for other 
future awards under any Company equity incentive plan as may be approved by 
the Board of Directors and in effect from time to time. The specific terms 
and conditions of any grant made pursuant to this Section 6 shall be 
governed by any applicable plan document and any such grant agreement as 
Employee may be required to sign as a condition of grant.

7. Parachute Tax. Notwithstanding anything in the foregoing to the 
contrary, if any of the payments to Employee (prior to any reduction below) 
provided for in this Agreement, together with any other payments which 
Employee has the right to receive from the Company or any corporation which 
is a member of an “affiliated group” as defined in Section 1504(a) of the 
Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (“Code”), without regard to 
Section 1504(b) of the Code, of which the Company is a member (the 
“Payments”) would constitute a “parachute payment” (as defined in Section 
280G(b)(2) of the Code), and if the Taxed Amount is greater than the Safe 
Harbor Amount, then the total amount of such Payments shall be reduced to 
the Safe Harbor Amount. The “Safe Harbor Amount” is the largest portion of 
the Payments that would result in no portion of the Payments being subject 
to the excise tax set forth at Section 4999 of the Code (“Excise Tax”). The 
“Taxed Amount” is the total amount of the Payments (prior to any reduction, 
above) notwithstanding that all or some portion of the Payments may be 
subject to the Excise Tax. Solely for the purpose of comparing which of the 
Safe Harbor Amount and the Taxed Amount is greater, the determination of 
each such amount shall be made on an after-tax basis, taking into account 
all applicable federal, state and local employment taxes, income taxes, and 
the Excise Tax (all of which shall be computed at the highest applicable 
marginal rate). If a reduction of the Payments to the Safe Harbor Amount 
is necessary, then the reduction shall occur in the following order:  
reduction of cash payments; cancellation of accelerated vesting of stock 
awards; reduction of employee benefits. In the event that acceleration of 
vesting of stock award compensation is to be reduced, such acceleration of 
vesting shall be cancelled in the reverse order of the date of grant of the 
Employee’s participant’s stock awards.

8. Business Expenses. The Company shall reimburse Employee for all 
reasonable and necessary business expenses incurred by Employee in 
performing Employee’s duties that are submitted in compliance with the 
Company’s then-current policy on such business expense reimbursement. 
Employee shall provide the Company with supporting documentation sufficient 
to satisfy reporting requirements of such policy and the Internal Revenue 
Service. The Company’s determinations as to reasonableness and necessity 
shall be final.

9. Proprietary Information and Inventions; Restrictive Covenants. Employee 
acknowledges that the successful development, marketing, sale, and 
performance of the Company’s products and services require substantial time 
and expense. Such efforts generate for the Company valuable private, 
confidential, and proprietary information of the Company and its clients 
(whether current, former, or prospective), business partners, vendors, 
suppliers, and licensors (“Confidential Information”), including without 
limitation any and all (a) trade secrets, (b) financial information and 
pricing, (c) business strategies, plans, and proposals, (d) information 
relating to clients, including the terms of the Company’s agreements with 
clients, the discussions, negotiations, and proposals related to any such 
agreement, and the names of clients or prospective clients, (e) human 
resources information, including employee lists and personal employee 
information, and (f) technical information, including research and 
development, methodologies, training materials, software, documents, 
models, source code, designs, flowcharts and listings and any and all 
notes, analyses, compilations, studies, in each case in whatever form, 
whether oral, written, graphic, recorded, photographic, machine readable or 
otherwise, and whether or not marked or otherwise labeled “confidential” or 
specifically indicated as being confidential and/or proprietary in nature. 
The term “Confidential Information” also includes all notes, analyses, 
compilations, studies, interpretations or other materials to the extent 
such materials contain or are based on other Confidential Information. 
Employee acknowledges that, during his employment, he will obtain knowledge 
of such Confidential Information. Employee agrees to undertake the 
following obligations, which he acknowledges to be reasonably designed to 
protect the Company’s legitimate business interests (including its 
Confidential Information and its relationships with customers and other 
third parties) without unnecessarily or unreasonably restricting Employee’s 
post-employment opportunities:

(a) Confidentiality. During the term of employment and at all times 
thereafter, Employee (i) shall treat all Confidential Information as highly 
confidential, (ii) shall not access or attempt to access any Confidential 
Information or use any Confidential Information except as is necessary to 
carry out Employee’s duties as an employee of the Company, (iii) shall not 
make copies of documents containing Confidential Information except as is 
necessary to carry out Employee’s duties as an employee of the Company, 
(iv) shall not reverse engineer,

5
 
©2017 Mattersight Corporation. Mattersight Restricted Confidential 
Information.
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

disassemble, decompile, translate, or attempt to discover any software, 
algorithms, or underlying ideas which embody Confidential Information, (v) 
shall not disclose, and will take all reasonable and necessary steps to 
prevent the disclosure of, any Confidential Information to any third party, 
or any other employee, agent, or representative of the Company, as 
applicable, except as is necessary to carry out Employee’s duties as an 
employee of the Company, and (vi) shall not use any Confidential I
nformation in any manner that may cause injury or loss, or may be 
calculated to cause injury or loss, whether directly or indirectly, to the 
Company or its clients, business partners, vendors, suppliers, and 
licensors.

(b) Proprietary Information. During the term of employment, Employee shall 
disclose immediately to the Company all ideas, inventions, and business 
plans that Employee makes, conceives, discovers, develops, or reduces to 
practice at any time during the course of Employee’s employment with the 
Company, either alone or jointly with others, including but not limited to 
any including, but not limited to, any inventions, ideas, improvements, 
discoveries, methods, developments, designs, software, processes, products, 
and procedures (whether or not protectable upon application by patent, 
copyright, trademark, trade secret, or other proprietary rights) 
(collectively, “Work Product”), that (i) relate directly or indirectly to 
the Company’s business or the business of any client or supplier of the 
Company or any of the products or services being developed, manufactured, 
sold, or otherwise provided by the Company or that may be used in relation 
therewith, or (ii) result from any tasks assigned to Employee by the 
Company, or (iii) result from the use of the premises or personal property 
(whether tangible or intangible) owned, leased, licensed, or otherwise 
contracted for by the Company. Employee agrees that any Work Product shall 
be the exclusive property of the Company and, if subject to copyright, 
shall be “work made for hire” under the meaning of the U.S. Copyright Act 
of 1976, as amended (the “Act”). If and to the extent the Work Product is 
found as a matter of law not to be “work made for hire” within the meaning 
of the Act, Employee hereby expressly assigns to the Company or its 
subsidiaries, as appropriate, its successors, assign, or nominees, 
Employee’s entire right, title, and interest in and to any Work Product, 
and all copies thereof and all intellectual property rights therein without 
further consideration, free from any claim, lien for balance due, or rights 
of retention thereto on the part of Employee. Employee shall communicate 
promptly and disclose to the Company, in such form as the Company requests, 
all information, details, and data pertaining to the Work Product. Whether 
during the term of this Agreement or after, Employee will, at the Company’s 
request and expense (including reimbursement of Employee’s expenses and, if 
Employee is no longer in the employ of the Company, reasonable per diem 
compensation to Employee), fully cooperate with the Company and its 
authorized agents in securing, enforcing, and otherwise protecting 
throughout the world the Company’s interests in such Work Product, 
including, without limitation, by (A) executing such documents evidencing 
the Company’s ownership and Employee’s assignment of the foregoing rights, 
as may be deemed necessary by the Company to grant or evidence such 
ownership and rights and (B) assisting in defending any opposition 
proceedings, petitions for revocation, or applications for similar 
revocation in respect of any such rights.

(c) Non-Competition

(i) With Competitors. While employed by the Company and during the one (1) 
year period immediately following termination of Employee’s employment for 
any reason, Employee will not, directly or indirectly, whether as a 
stockholder, agent, partner, proprietor, officer, director, employee, 
consultant, contractor, or in any capacity whatsoever, engage in, become 
financially interested in, be employed by, or have any business connection 
with any other person, corporation, firm, partnership, or other entity 
whatsoever known by him to compete directly with the Company, anywhere 
throughout the world, in any line of business engaged in (or planned to be 
engaged in) by the Company. Notwithstanding the foregoing, during the term 
of his employment, Employee may own, as a passive investor, public 
securities of any competitor corporation, so long as his direct holdings in 
any one such corporation shall not in the aggregate constitute more than 
one percent (1%) of the voting stock of such corporation. This provision 
shall not be interpreted to limit Employee’s stock ownership in any way 
after the termination of his employment.

(ii) With Prohibited Clients. Without the prior written consent of the 
President and Chief Executive Officer or the authorized designee thereof, 
Employee shall not in any capacity, whether for himself or as an officer, 
director, partner, employee, agent of independent contractor of any person, 
firm, corporation or other entity, for a period of twelve (12) months 
following termination of his employment with the Company and all affiliates 
for any reason, perform services of the type performed by Employee during 
the term of employment, or

6
 
©2017 Mattersight Corporation. Mattersight Restricted Confidential 
Information.
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

any services substantially similar thereto, for any Prohibited Client (as 
defined below) in any country in which the Company has performed services 
(whether or not such services were performed in such country for the 
Prohibited Client) or sold products during the preceding three (3) years. 
The term “Prohibited Client” shall mean any client or prospective client of 
the Company to or for whom Employee directly or indirectly performed 
services, or prospect to whom Employee submitted, or assisted or 
participated in any way in the submission, of a proposal, during the two 
(2) year period preceding termination of Employee’s employment with the 
Company.

(d) Non-Solicitation. While employed by the Company and during the one (1) 
year period immediately following termination of Employee’s employment for 
any reason, Employee shall not induce or assist in the inducement of any 
employee away from the Company’s employ or from the faithful discharge of 
such employee’s contractual and fiduciary obligations to serve the 
Company’s interests with undivided loyalty. Furthermore, while employed by 
the Company and during the one (1) year period immediately following 
termination of Employee’s employment for any reason, Employee shall not, 
directly or indirectly, on behalf of Employee or any other person or 
entity, solicit any Client to become a client and/or customer of Employee 
or of any person or entity other than the Company. For purposes of this 
Agreement, a “Client” is a person, firm, company, corporation, or other 
entity to whom Employee was first introduced by the Company and is, 
becomes, or is known to be, an actual or potential client or customer of 
the Company.

(e) Return of Materials. Upon termination of the term of employment for any 
reason or upon the Company’s earlier request, Employee shall deliver to the 
Company all Confidential Information and other materials in his possession 
or delivered to him by the Company, including but not limited to computer 
programs, files, notes, records, memoranda, reports, lists, drawings, 
sketches, specifications, data, charts, and other documents, materials and 
things (“Materials”), whether or not containing Confidential Information, 
it being agreed that all Materials shall be and remain the sole and 
exclusive property of the Company. After return, Employee shall keep no 
copies, in any form of media, of any Materials or Confidential Information.

(f) Reasonable Alteration. In the event that a court or other adjudicative 
body should decline to enforce the provisions of any part of this Section 
9, whether because of scope, duration or otherwise, Employee and the 
Company agree that the provisions shall be modified to restrict Employee’s 
competition with the Company to the maximum extent enforceable under 
applicable law.

10. Remedies. Employee recognizes and agrees that a breach of any or all of 
the provisions of Section 9 will cause immediate and irreparable harm to 
the Company’s business advantage, including but not limited to the 
Company’s valuable business relations, for which damages cannot be readily 
calculated and for which damages are an inadequate remedy. Accordingly, 
Employee acknowledges that the Company shall therefore be entitled to an 
order enjoining any further breaches by the Employee, without the necessity 
of posting a bond.

11. Assistance in Litigation. Employee shall upon reasonable notice and 
without compulsion of law (e.g., subpoena), furnish accurate and complete 
information and other assistance to the Company as the Company may 
reasonably require in connection with any litigation, proceeding, or 
dispute to which the Company is, or may become, a party, or in which it may 
otherwise become involved, either during or after Employee’s employment; 
provided, if such assistance shall occur after termination of Employee’s 
employment, the Company shall reimburse Employee for his reasonable 
expenses incurred in connection with such assistance, including, without 
limitation, as relevant transportation, meals and lodging, and shall also 
pay Employee a consulting fee of $200 per hour, as compensation for his 
inconvenience and the disruption of his other endeavors.

12. Indemnification. Employee’s rights to indemnification will be as 
provided in the Indemnification Agreement between Employee and the Company, 
effective as of the date of this Agreement.

7
 
©2017 Mattersight Corporation. Mattersight Restricted Confidential 
Information.
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

13. Successors and Assigns. This Agreement is intended to bind and inure to 
the benefit of, and be enforceable by, Employee and the Company, and their 
respective successors, assigns, heirs, executors, and administrators. 
Employee acknowledges that the services to be rendered pursuant to this 
Agreement are unique and personal. Accordingly, Employee may not assign any 
of his rights or delegate any of his duties or obligations under this 
Agreement. The Company may assign its rights, duties or obligations under 
this Agreement to a subsidiary or affiliated company of the Company or 
purchaser or transferee of a majority of the Company’s outstanding capital 
stock or a purchaser of all, or substantially all, of the assets of the 
Company; provided, however, that such assignee shall be adequately 
capitalized and able to fulfill its financial obligations hereunder.

14. Notices. All notices required by this Agreement shall be in writing. 
Notices intended for the Company shall be sent by certified mail or 
nationally recognized overnight courier service, addressed to it at 200 W. 
Madison Street, Suite 3100, Chicago, Illinois  60606, Attention:  General 
Counsel, or its then-current principal office, and notices intended for 
Employee shall be either delivered personally to Employee or sent by 
certified mail or nationally recognized overnight courier service addressed 
to Employee at his address as listed on the Company’s payroll. Notices sent 
by certified mail in accordance with the foregoing shall be deemed given 
three (3) business days following delivery to the United States Postal 
Service, postage prepaid, and notices sent by overnight courier service in 
accordance with the foregoing shall be deemed given one (1) business day 
following delivery to such courier, delivery fees for overnight delivery 
prepaid.

15. Entire Agreement. This Agreement constitutes the complete, final, and 
exclusive embodiment of the entire agreement between Employee and the 
Company with regard to the subject matter hereof and supersedes all prior 
agreements or understandings whether written or oral. It is entered into 
without reliance on any promise or representation other than those 
expressly contained herein, and it cannot be modified or amended except in 
a written instrument signed by Employee and a duly authorized officer or 
director of the Company.

16. Waiver. If either party should waive any breach of any provisions of 
this Agreement, he or it shall not thereby be deemed to have waived any 
preceding or succeeding breach of the same or any other provision of this 
Agreement.

17. Applicable Law. This Agreement, and all questions concerning the 
construction, validity, and interpretation hereof, shall be governed by and 
construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Illinois without 
reference to its conflicts of law principles, to the extent such principles 
would result in the application of another state’s laws.

18. Mediation of Disputes. Neither party shall initiate arbitration or 
other legal proceedings (except for any claim under Section 9 of this 
Agreement), against the other party, or, in the case of Company, any of its 
directors, officers, employees, agents, or representatives, relating in any 
way to this Agreement, to Employee’s employment with Company, the 
termination of Employee’s employment or any or all other claims that one 
party might have against the other party until 30 days after the party 
against whom the claim is made (“Respondent”) receives written notice from 
the claiming party of the specific nature of any purported claim and the 
amount of any purported damages. Employee and Company further agree that if 
Respondent submits the claiming party’s claim to JAMS/Endispute, for 
nonbinding mediation, in Chicago, Illinois, prior to the expiration of such 
30-day period, the claiming party may not institute arbitration or other 
legal proceedings against Respondent until the earlier of (i) the 
completion of nonbinding mediation efforts, or (ii) 90 days after the date 
on which Respondent received written notice of the claimant’s claim.

19. Binding Arbitration. Subject to Section 18, Employee and Company agree 
that all claims or disputes relating to Employee’s employment with Company 
or the termination of such employment, and any and all other claims that 
Employee might have against Company, any Company director, officer, 
employee, agent, or representative, and any and all claims or disputes that 
Company might have against Employee (except for any claims under Section 9 
of this Agreement) shall be resolved under the Expedited Commercial Rules 
of the American Arbitration Association in Illinois. If either party 
pursues a claim and such claim results in an arbitrator’s decision, both 
parties agree to accept such decision as final and binding. Company and 
Employee agree that any litigation under Section 9 of this Agreement shall 
be brought in the Circuit Court for Cook County, Illinois.

8
 
©2017 Mattersight Corporation. Mattersight Restricted Confidential 
Information.
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

20. Severability. Whenever possible, each provision of this Agreement will 
be interpreted in such manner as to be effective and valid under applicable 
law, but if any provision of this Agreement is held to be prohibited by or 
invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any respect under any applicable law 
or rule in any jurisdiction, such invalidity, illegality or 
unenforceability will not affect any other provision or any other 
jurisdiction, and such invalid, illegal or unenforceable provision will be 
reformed, construed and enforced in such jurisdiction so as to render it 
valid, legal, and enforceable consistent with the general intent of the 
parties insofar as possible.

21. Right to Work. As required by law, this Agreement is subject to 
satisfactory proof of Employee’s right to work in the United States.

22. Section 409A. The provisions of this Agreement are intended either (i) 
to be exempt from Section 409A of the Code under the short-term deferral 
exception, the separation pay exception, or such other exceptions that may 
be available under Section 409A of the Code and applicable authority or 
guidance promulgated thereunder or (ii) to comply with Section 409A of the 
Code, and shall be administered in a manner consistent with such intent. 
Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary, to the extent Employee is 
considered a specified employee under Section 409A of the Code and would be 
entitled during the six (6) month period beginning on his date of 
termination to a payment that is not otherwise excluded under Section 409A 
of the Code, such payment will not be made to Employee until the earlier of 
the six (6) month anniversary of his date of termination or his death. For 
purposes of Section 409A, each payment under this Agreement (including, but 
not limited to, those in Section 2(b)) shall be considered a separate 
payment.

23. Attorneys’ Fees. If the Company refuses to provide the Severance 
Benefits after a written demand by Employee and Employee substantially 
prevails in any dispute involving such Severance Benefits, then the Company 
shall pay or reimburse Employee for all reasonable legal fees and expenses 
incurred in such dispute.

Employee acknowledges that he has read, understood, and accepts the 
provisions of this agreement.
 
Mattersight Corporation (“Company”)
 
David Mullen (“Employee”)
 
By:
/s
/ CHRISTINE R. CARSEN
 
 
 
/s/DAVID MULLEN
Title:
 
General Counsel & Corporate Secretary
 
 
 
 

9
 
©2017 Mattersight Corporation. Mattersight Restricted Confidential 
Information.
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
Exhibit A

GENERAL RELEASE OF CLAIMS

1. General Release. Pursuant to this General Release of Claims (this 
“Agreement”), Employee, for himself, his heirs, administrators, 
representatives, executors, successors and assigns (each a “Releasor”) 
hereby irrevocably and unconditionally releases, acquits and forever 
discharges Mattersight Corporation (“Company”) and its direct or indirect 
subsidiaries, divisions, affiliates and related companies or entities, 
regardless of its or their form of business organization (the “Company 
Entities”), any predecessors, successors, joint ventures, and parents of 
any Company Entity, and any and all of their respective past or present 
shareholders, partners, directors, officers, employees, consultants, 
independent contractors, trustees, administrators, insurers, agents, 
attorneys, representatives and fiduciaries, including without limitation 
all persons acting by, through, under or in concert with any of them (all, 
collectively, the “Release Parties”) from any and all manner of actions, 
causes of actions, demands, claims, agreements, promises, debts, lawsuits, 
liabilities, rights, dues, controversies, charges, complaints, obligations, 
remedies, suits, losses, costs, expenses and fees whatever (including 
without limitation attorneys’ fees and costs), arising out of or relating 
to his employment relationship with the Company, its predecessors, 
successors or affiliates and the termination thereof, of any nature 
whatsoever, whether arising in contract, tort, or any other theory of 
action, whether arising in law or equity, whether known or unknown, choate 
or inchoate, mature or unmatured, contingent or fixed, liquidated or 
unliquidated, accrued or unaccrued, asserted or unasserted, whether arising 
under federal, state or local law and in particular including any claim for 
discrimination based upon race, color, ethnicity, sex, age (including the 
Age Discrimination in Employment Act of 1967), national origin, religion, 
disability, or any other unlawful criterion or circumstance, which Employee 
and any Releasor had, now have, or may have in the future against each or 
any of the Released Parties from the beginning of time until the date of 
this Agreement (individually, “Claim,” and collectively, “Claims”); 
provided, that this Agreement shall not apply to, nor release the Company 
from, any obligation of the Company contained in Employee’s Executive 
Employment Agreement dated as of [insert date] (as amended or supplemented 
from time to time, the “Employment Agreement”) that arises due to 
Employee’s termination of employment with the Company. The consideration 
offered in the Employment Agreement is accepted by Employee as being in 
full accord, satisfaction, compromise and settlement of any and all claims 
or potential claims, and Employee expressly agrees that he is not entitled 
to, and shall not receive, any further recovery of any kind from the 
Company or any of the other Release Parties, and that in the event of any 
further proceedings whatsoever based upon any matter released herein, 
neither the Company nor any of the other Release Parties shall have any 
further monetary or other obligation of any kind to Employee, including any 
obligation for any costs, expenses or attorneys’ fees incurred by or on 
behalf of Employee. Employee agrees that he has no present or future right 
to employment with the Company or any of the other Release Parties and that 
he will not apply for or otherwise seek employment with any of them.

2. Release of Known and Unknown Claims. Employee acknowledges that the 
release of Claims under this Agreement covers any and all rights and 
benefits Employee has or may have in the future, whether known or unknown, 
and Employee waives any and all rights under the laws of any state. 
Employee may hereafter discover facts in addition to or different from 
those which Employee now knows or believes to be true with respect to the 
subject matter of the Claims, but Employee, upon execution and 
non-revocation of this Agreement (pursuant to Section 4 hereof), shall be 
deemed to have fully, finally, and forever settled and released any and all 
Claims, known or unknown, suspected or unsuspected, contingent or 
noncontingent, whether or not concealed or hidden, which now exist, or 
heretofore have existed upon any theory of law or equity now existing or 
coming into existence in the future, including, but not limited to, conduct 
which is negligent, intentional, with or without malice, or a breach of any 
duty, law or rule, without regard to the subsequent discovery or existence 
of such different or additional facts.

3. Release of Discrimination Claims. Without in any way limiting the 
generality of the foregoing, this Agreement constitutes a full release and 
disclaimer of any and all Claims arising out of or relating in any way to 
Employee’s employment, continued employment, retirement, resignation, or 
termination of employment with the Company Entities whether arising under 
or out of a statute including, but not limited to, Title VII of the Civil 
Rights Act of 1964, 42 U.S.C. § 1981, the Age Discrimination in Employment 
Act of 1967, the Older Workers Benefit Protection Act of 1990, the Family 
and Medical Leave Act, the National Labor Relations Act, the Worker 
Adjustment and Retraining Notification Act, the Americans With Disabilities 
Act, any county, municipal, and any other federal, state or local statute, 
ordinance or regulation, all as may be amended from time to time, or common 
law claims or causes

10
 
©2017 Mattersight Corporation. Mattersight Restricted Confidential 
Information.
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

of action relating to alleged discrimination, breach of contract or public 
policy, wrongful or retaliatory discharge, and, to the extent arising out 
of or relating to Employee’s employment relationship with the Company, its 
predecessors, successors or affiliates and the termination thereof, 
tortious action, inaction, or interference of any sort, defamation, libel, 
slander, personal or business injury, including without limitation 
attorneys’ fees and costs. Employee has specifically waived his right to 
recover in his own lawsuit as well as the right to recover in a suit 
brought by any other person or entity on Employee’s behalf or on behalf of 
a class of persons in which Employee is or could be considered a member.

4. Employee’s Right to Revoke. The parties acknowledge that Employee shall 
have the right to revoke and cancel this Agreement if Employee, at any time 
within the seven-day period following its execution, revokes it. If 
Employee desires to revoke and cancel this Agreement, he must do so in 
writing and he shall return this document to the Company’s Chief Executive 
Officer, and all terms of the Agreement shall be void and of no effect.

5. Employee’s Right to Consult Attorney/21 Days to Consider. Employee is 
advised and encouraged by Company to consult with an attorney before 
signing this Agreement. Employee affirms that he has carefully read and 
fully understands this Agreement, has had sufficient time to consider it, 
has had an opportunity to ask questions and have it explained, and is 
entering into this Agreement freely and voluntarily, with an understanding 
that the general release will have the effect of waiving any action or 
recovery he might pursue for any claims arising on or prior to the date of 
the execution of this Agreement. Employee acknowledges that he received 
valuable consideration to which he was not otherwise entitled in exchange 
for entering this Agreement. This Agreement was given to Employee on 
[Insert Date]. Employee had until [Insert Date], a period in excess of 
twenty-one (21) days to consider it.

6. Governing Law. This Agreement shall be deemed to have been executed and 
delivered within the State of Illinois and the rights and obligations of 
the parties shall be construed and enforced in accordance with, and 
governed by, the laws of the State of Illinois without regard to any 
state’s rules regarding conflict of laws.
 
EMPLOYEE
 
 
David Mullen
 

11
 
©2017 Mattersight Corporation. Mattersight Restricted Confidential 
Information.