 EX-10.1 2 exh101performance-basedres.htm EXHIBIT 10.1
Exhibit 10.1



ROCKET FUEL INC.
2013 EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN
RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AWARD AGREEMENT


NOTICE OF GRANT OF RESTRICTED STOCK UNITS


Unless otherwise defined herein, the terms defined in the 2013 Equity 
Incentive Plan (the “Plan”) shall have the same defined meanings in this 
Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement, including the Notice of Grant of 
Restricted Stock Units (the “Notice of Grant”), the Terms and Conditions of 
Restricted Stock Unit Grant (the “Terms & Conditions”), and any appendices 
and exhibits attached thereto (all together, the “Award Agreement”).



Name (“Participant”): %%FIRST_NAME%-% %%MIDDLE_NAME%-% %%LAST_NAME%-%


Address:
%%ADDRESS_LINE_1%-%
 
%%ADDRESS_LINE_2%-% %%ADDRESS_LINE_3%-%
 
%%CITY%-%, %%STATE%-% %%ZIPCODE%-%
 
%%COUNTRY%-%


The undersigned Participant has been granted the right to receive an Award 
of Restricted Stock Units, subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan 
and this Award Agreement, as follows:



Date of Grant


 
%%OPTION_DATE,'MM/DD/YYYY'%-%


 
 
 
Vesting Commencement Date
 
%%VEST_BASE_DATE,'MM/DD/YYYY'%-%
 
 
 
Number of Restricted Stock Units
 
230,000
 
 
 
Vesting Schedule
 


The Restricted Stock Units are eligible to vest only if certain performance 
goals, described in detail in Exhibit A, are satisfied. Once eligible to 
vest, the Restricted Stock Units will be scheduled to vest in accordance 
with additional time-based vesting requirements set forth in Exhibit A. 
Vesting is subject to continued status as a Service Provider through the 
applicable vesting date.


Vesting Schedule:


Participant acknowledges receipt of a copy of the Plan and represents that 
he or she is familiar with the terms and provisions thereof, and hereby 
accepts this Award Agreement subject to all of the terms and provisions 
thereof, including Exhibit A. Participant has reviewed the Plan and this 
Award

1
%%OPTION_NUMBER%-%

------------------------------------------------------------------------




Agreement in their entirety, has had an opportunity to obtain the advice of 
counsel prior to executing this Award Agreement and fully understands all 
provisions of this Award Agreement, including Exhibit A hereto. Participant 
hereby agrees to accept as binding, conclusive and final all decisions or 
interpretations of the Administrator upon any questions arising under the 
Plan or this Award Agreement. Participant further agrees to notify the 
Company upon any change in the residence address indicated below.


PARTICIPANT
 
ROCKET FUEL INC.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


Signature
 
 


By
 
 
 
 

%%FIRST_NAME%-% %%MIDDLE_NAME%-% %%LAST_NAME%-%
 
Emmett Randolph Wootton III

Print Name
 
 

Print Name
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

CEO
 
 
 

Title
 
 
 
 
Address:
 
 
 
 
%%ADDRESS_LINE_1%-%
 
%%ADDRESS_LINE_2%-%, %%ADDRESS_LINE_3%-%
 
%%CITY%-%, %%STATE%-% %%ZIPCODE%-%
 
%%COUNTRY%-%




2
%%OPTION_NUMBER%-%

------------------------------------------------------------------------




ROCKET FUEL INC.
2013 EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN
RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AWARD AGREEMENT


TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT GRANT


1.    Grant of Restricted Stock Units. The Company hereby grants to the 
individual (the “Participant”) named in the Notice of Grant of Restricted 
Stock Units of this Award Agreement (the “Notice of Grant”) under the Plan 
an Award of Restricted Stock Units, subject to all of the terms and 
conditions in this Award Agreement and the Plan, which is incorporated 
herein by reference. Subject to Section 19(c) of the Plan, in the event of 
a conflict between the terms and conditions of the Plan and this Award 
Agreement, the terms and conditions of the Plan shall prevail.


2.    Company’s Obligation to Pay. Each Restricted Stock Unit represents 
the right to receive a Share on the date it vests. Unless and until the 
Restricted Stock Units will have vested in the manner set forth in Section 
3 or 4, Participant will have no right to payment of any such Restricted 
Stock Units. Prior to actual payment of any vested Restricted Stock Units, 
such Restricted Stock Unit will represent an unsecured obligation of the 
Company, payable (if at all) only from the general assets of the Company.


3.    Vesting Schedule. Except as provided in Section 4, and subject to 
Section 5, the Restricted Stock Units awarded by this Award Agreement will 
vest in accordance with the vesting schedule set forth in the Notice of 
Grant and Exhibit A, subject to Participant continuing to be a Service 
Provider through each applicable vesting date.


4.    Payment after Vesting.


(a)    General Rule. Subject to Section 8, any Restricted Stock Units that 
vest will be paid to Participant (or in the event of Participant’s death, 
to his or her properly designated beneficiary or estate) in whole Shares. 
Subject to the provisions of Section 4(b), such vested Restricted Stock 
Units shall be paid in whole Shares as soon as practicable after vesting, 
but in each such case within sixty (60) days following the vesting date. In 
no event will Participant be permitted, directly or indirectly, to specify 
the taxable year of payment of any Restricted Stock Units payable under 
this Award Agreement.


(b)    Acceleration.


(i)    Discretionary Acceleration. The Administrator, in its discretion, 
may accelerate the vesting of the balance, or some lesser portion of the 
balance, of the unvested Restricted Stock Units at any time, subject to the 
terms of the Plan. If so accelerated, such Restricted Stock Units will be 
considered as having vested as of the date specified by the Administrator. 
If Participant is a U.S. taxpayer, the payment of Shares vesting pursuant 
to this Section 4(b) shall in all cases be paid at a time or in a manner 
that is exempt from, or complies with, Section 409A. The prior sentence may 
be superseded in a future agreement or amendment to this Award Agreement 
only by direct and specific reference to such sentence.




3
%%OPTION_NUMBER%-%

------------------------------------------------------------------------




(ii)    Notwithstanding anything in the Plan or this Award Agreement or any 
other agreement (whether entered into before, on or after the Date of 
Grant), if the vesting of the balance, or some lesser portion of the 
balance, of the Restricted Stock Units is accelerated in connection with 
Participant’s termination as a Service Provider (provided that such 
termination is a “separation from service” within the meaning of Section 
409A, as determined by the Company), other than due to Participant’s death
, and if (x) Participant is a U.S. taxpayer and a “specified employee” 
within the meaning of Section 409A at the time of such termination as a 
Service Provider and (y) the payment of such accelerated Restricted Stock 
Units will result in the imposition of additional tax under Section 409A if 
paid to Participant on or within the six (6) month period following 
Participant’s termination as a Service Provider, then the payment of such 
accelerated Restricted Stock Units will not be made until the date six (6) 
months and one (1) day following the date of Participant’s termination as a 
Service Provider, unless Participant dies following his or her termination 
as a Service Provider, in which case, the Restricted Stock Units will be 
paid in Shares to Participant’s estate as soon as practicable following his 
or her death.


(c)    Section 409A. It is the intent of this Award Agreement that it and 
all payments and benefits to U.S. taxpayers hereunder be exempt from, or 
comply with, the requirements of Section 409A so that none of the 
Restricted Stock Units provided under this Award Agreement or Shares 
issuable thereunder will be subject to the additional tax imposed under 
Section 409A, and any ambiguities herein will be interpreted to be so 
exempt or so comply. Each payment payable under this Award Agreement is 
intended to constitute a separate payment for purposes of Treasury 
Regulation Section 1.409A-2(b)(2). For purposes of this Award Agreement, 
“Section 409A” means Section 409A of the Code, and any final Treasury 
Regulations and Internal Revenue Service guidance thereunder, as each may 
be amended from time to time.


5.    Forfeiture Upon Termination as a Service Provider. Notwithstanding 
any contrary provision of this Award Agreement, if Participant ceases to be 
a Service Provider for any or no reason, the then-unvested Restricted Stock 
Units awarded by this Award Agreement will thereupon be forfeited at no 
cost to the Company and Participant will have no further rights thereunder, 
except as necessary to accommodate any remaining eligibility to vest in 
such Restricted Stock Units pursuant to the Retention Agreement (as defined 
in Exhibit A hereto).


6.    Tax Consequences. Participant has reviewed with its own tax advisors 
the U.S. federal, state, local and foreign tax consequences of this 
investment and the transactions contemplated by this Award Agreement. With 
respect to such matters, Participant relies solely on such advisors and not 
on any statements or representations of the Company or any of its agents, 
written or oral. Participant understands that Participant (and not the 
Company) shall be responsible for Participant’s own tax liability that may 
arise as a result of this investment or the transactions contemplated by 
this Award Agreement.


7.    Death of Participant. Any distribution or delivery to be made to 
Participant under this Award Agreement will, if Participant is then 
deceased, be made to Participant’s designated beneficiary, or if no 
beneficiary survives Participant, the administrator or executor of 
Participant’s estate. Any such transferee must furnish the Company with (a) 
written notice of his or her status as transferee, and (b) evidence 
satisfactory to the Company to establish the validity of the transfer and 
compliance with any laws or regulations pertaining to said transfer.

4
%%OPTION_NUMBER%-%

------------------------------------------------------------------------





8.    Tax Obligations


(a)    Responsibility for Taxes. Participant acknowledges that, regardless 
of any action taken by the Company or, if different, Participant’s employer 
(the “Employer”), the ultimate liability for any tax and/or social 
insurance liability obligations and requirements in connection with the 
Restricted Stock Units, including, without limitation, (a) all federal, 
state, and local taxes (including the Participant’s Federal Insurance 
Contributions Act (FICA) obligation) that are required to be withheld by 
the Company or the Employer or other payment of tax-related items related 
to Participant’s participation in the Plan and legally applicable to 
Participant, (b) the Participant’s and, to the extent required by the 
Company (or Employer), the Company’s (or Employer’s) fringe benefit tax 
liability, if any, associated with the grant, vesting, or exercise of the 
Restricted Stock Units or sale of Shares, and (c) any other Company (or 
Employer) taxes the responsibility for which the Participant has, or has 
agreed to bear, with respect to the Restricted Stock Units (or exercise 
thereof or issuance of Shares thereunder) (collectively, the “Tax 
Obligations”), is and remains Participant’s responsibility and may exceed 
the amount actually withheld by the Company or the Employer. Participant 
further acknowledges that the Company and/or the Employer (i) make no 
representations or undertakings regarding the treatment of any Tax 
Obligations in connection with any aspect of the Restricted Stock Units, 
including, but not limited to, the grant, vesting or settlement of the 
Restricted Stock Units, the subsequent sale of Shares acquired pursuant to 
such settlement and the receipt of any dividends or other distributions, 
and (ii) do not commit to and are under no obligation to structure the 
terms of the grant or any aspect of the Restricted Stock Units to reduce or 
eliminate Participant’s liability for Tax Obligations or achieve any 
particular tax result. Further, if Participant is subject to Tax 
Obligations in more than one jurisdiction between the Date of Grant and the 
date of any relevant taxable or tax withholding event, as applicable, 
Participant acknowledges that the Company and/or the Employer (or former 
employer, as applicable) may be required to withhold or account for Tax 
Obligations in more than one jurisdiction. If Participant fails to make 
satisfactory arrangements for the payment of any required Tax Obligations 
hereunder at the time of the applicable taxable event, Participant 
acknowledges and agrees that the Company may refuse to issue or deliver the 
Shares.


(b)    Tax Withholding. When Shares are issued as payment for vested 
Restricted Stock Units, Participant generally will recognize immediate U.S. 
taxable income if Participant is a U.S. taxpayer. If Participant is a 
non-U.S. taxpayer, Participant will be subject to applicable taxes in his 
or her jurisdiction. Pursuant to such procedures as the Administrator may 
specify from time to time, the Company and/or Employer shall withhold the 
minimum amount required to be withheld for the payment of Tax Obligations. 
The Administrator, in its sole discretion and pursuant to such procedures 
as it may specify from time to time, may permit Participant to satisfy such 
Tax Obligations, in whole or in part (without limitation), if permissible 
by applicable local law, by (a) paying cash, (b) electing to have the 
Company withhold otherwise deliverable Shares having a Fair Market Value 
equal to the amount of such Tax Obligations, (c) withholding the amount of 
such Tax Obligations from Participant’s wages or other cash compensation 
paid to Participant by the company and/or the Employer, (d) delivering to 
the Company already vested and owned Shares having a Fair Market Value 
equal to such Tax Obligations, or (e) selling a sufficient number of such 
Shares otherwise deliverable to Participant through such means as the 
Company may determine in its sole discretion (whether through a broker or 
otherwise) equal to

5
%%OPTION_NUMBER%-%

------------------------------------------------------------------------




the amount of the Tax Obligations. To the extent determined appropriate by 
the Company in its discretion, it will have the right (but not the 
obligation) to satisfy any Tax Obligations by reducing the number of Shares 
otherwise deliverable to Participant and, until determined otherwise by the 
Company, this will be the method by which such Tax Obligations are 
satisfied. Further, if Participant is subject to tax in more than one 
jurisdiction between the Date of Grant and a date of any relevant taxable 
or tax withholding event, as applicable, Participant acknowledges and 
agrees that the Company and/or the Employer (and/or former employer, as 
applicable) may be required to withhold or account for tax in more than one 
jurisdiction. If Participant fails to make satisfactory arrangements for 
the payment of such Tax Obligations hereunder at the time any applicable 
Restricted Stock Units otherwise are scheduled to vest pursuant to Sections 
3 or 4, Participant will permanently forfeit such Restricted Stock Units 
and any right to receive Shares thereunder and the Restricted Stock Units 
will be returned to the Company at no cost to the Company. Participant 
acknowledges and agrees that the Company may refuse to deliver the Shares 
if such Tax Obligations are not delivered at the time they are due.


9.    Rights as Stockholder. Neither Participant nor any person claiming 
under or through Participant will have any of the rights or privileges of a 
stockholder of the Company in respect of any Shares deliverable hereunder 
unless and until certificates representing such Shares (which may be in 
book entry form) will have been issued, recorded on the records of the 
Company or its transfer agents or registrars, and delivered to Participant 
(including through electronic delivery to a brokerage account). After such 
issuance, recordation and delivery, Participant will have all the rights of 
a stockholder of the Company with respect to voting such Shares and receipt 
of dividends and distributions on such Shares.


10.    No Guarantee of Continued Service. PARTICIPANT ACKNOWLEDGES AND 
AGREES THAT THE VESTING OF THE RESTRICTED STOCK UNITS PURSUANT TO THE 
VESTING SCHEDULE HEREOF IS EARNED ONLY BY CONTINUING AS A SERVICE PROVIDER 
AT THE WILL OF THE COMPANY (OR THE EMPLOYER) AND NOT THROUGH THE ACT OF 
BEING HIRED, BEING GRANTED THIS RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AWARD OR ACQUIRING 
SHARES HEREUNDER. PARTICIPANT FURTHER ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT THIS 
AGREEMENT, THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREUNDER AND THE VESTING SCHEDULE 
SET FORTH HEREIN DO NOT CONSTITUTE AN EXPRESS OR IMPLIED PROMISE OF 
CONTINUED ENGAGEMENT AS A SERVICE PROVIDER FOR THE VESTING PERIOD, FOR ANY 
PERIOD, OR AT ALL, AND SHALL NOT INTERFERE IN ANY WAY WITH PARTICIPANT’S 
RIGHT OR THE RIGHT OF THE COMPANY (OR THE EMPLOYER) TO TERMINATE 
PARTICIPANT’S RELATIONSHIP AS A SERVICE PROVIDER AT ANY TIME, WITH OR 
WITHOUT CAUSE.


11.    Grant is Not Transferable. Except to the limited extent provided in 
Section 7, this grant and the rights and privileges conferred hereby will 
not be transferred, assigned, pledged or hypothecated in any way (whether 
by operation of law or otherwise) and will not be subject to sale under 
execution, attachment or similar process. Upon any attempt to transfer, 
assign, pledge, hypothecate or otherwise dispose of this grant, or any 
right or privilege conferred hereby, or upon any attempted sale under any 
execution, attachment or similar process, this grant and the rights and 
privileges conferred hereby immediately will become null and void.

6
%%OPTION_NUMBER%-%

------------------------------------------------------------------------




12.    Nature of Grant. In accepting the grant, Participant acknowledges, 
understands and agrees that:


(a)    the grant of the Restricted Stock Units is voluntary and occasional 
and does not create any contractual or other right to receive future grants 
of Restricted Stock Units, or benefits in lieu of Restricted Stock Units, 
even if Restricted Stock Units have been granted in the past;


(b)    all decisions with respect to future Restricted Stock Units or other 
grants, if any, will be at the sole discretion of the Company;


(c)    Participant is voluntarily participating in the Plan;


(d)    the Restricted Stock Units and the Shares subject to the Restricted 
Stock Units are not intended to replace any pension rights or compensation;


(e)    the Restricted Stock Units and the Shares subject to the Restricted 
Stock Units, and the income and value of same, are not part of normal or 
expected compensation for purposes of calculating any severance, 
resignation, termination, redundancy, dismissal, end-of-service payments, 
bonuses, long-service awards, pension or retirement or welfare benefits or 
similar payments;


(f)    the future value of the underlying Shares is unknown, indeterminable 
and cannot be predicted;


(g)    for purposes of the Restricted Stock Units, Participant’s status as 
a Service Provider will be considered terminated as of the date Participant 
is no longer actively providing services to the Company or any Parent or 
Subsidiary (regardless of the reason for such termination and whether or 
not later to be found invalid or in breach of employment laws in the 
jurisdiction where Participant is a Service Provider or the terms of 
Participant’s employment or service agreement, if any), and unless 
otherwise expressly provided in this Award Agreement (including by 
reference in the Notice of Grant to other arrangements or contracts) or 
determined by the Administrator, Participant’s right to vest in the 
Restricted Stock Units under the Plan, if any, will terminate as of such 
date and will not be extended by any notice period (e.g., Participant’s 
period of service would not include any contractual notice period or any 
period of “garden leave” or similar period mandated under employment laws 
in the jurisdiction where Participant is a Service Provider or the terms of 
Participant’s employment or service agreement, if any, unless Participant 
is providing bona fide services during such time); the Administrator shall 
have the exclusive discretion to determine when Participant is no longer 
actively providing services for purposes of the Restricted Stock Units 
grant (including whether Participant may still be considered to be 
providing services while on a leave of absence);


(h)    unless otherwise provided in the Plan or by the Company in its 
discretion, the Restricted Stock Units and the benefits evidenced by this 
Award Agreement do not create any entitlement to have the Restricted Stock 
Units or any such benefits transferred to, or assumed by, another company 
nor be exchanged, cashed out or substituted for, in connection with any 
corporate transaction affecting the Shares; and

7
%%OPTION_NUMBER%-%

------------------------------------------------------------------------




(i)    the following provisions apply only if Participant is providing 
services outside the United States:


(i)    the Restricted Stock Units and the Shares subject to the Restricted 
Stock Units are not part of normal or expected compensation or salary for 
any purpose;


(ii)    Participant acknowledges and agrees that none of the Company, the 
Employer or any Parent or Subsidiary shall be liable for any foreign 
exchange rate fluctuation between Participant’s local currency and the 
United States Dollar that may affect the value of the Restricted Stock 
Units or of any amounts due to Participant pursuant to the settlement of 
the Restricted Stock Units or the subsequent sale of any Shares acquired 
upon settlement; and


(iii)    no claim or entitlement to compensation or damages shall arise 
from forfeiture of the Restricted Stock Units resulting from the 
termination of Participant’s status as a Service Provider (for any reason 
whatsoever whether or not later found to be invalid or in breach of 
employment laws in the jurisdiction where Participant is a Service Provider 
or the terms of Participant’s employment or service agreement, if any), and 
in consideration of the grant of the Restricted Stock Units to which 
Participant is otherwise not entitled, Participant irrevocably agrees never 
to institute any claim against the Company, any Parent or Subsidiary or the 
Employer, waives his or her ability, if any, to bring any such claim, and 
releases the Company, any Parent or Subsidiary and the Employer from any 
such claim; if, notwithstanding the foregoing, any such claim is allowed by 
a court of competent jurisdiction, then, by participating in the Plan, 
Participant shall be deemed irrevocably to have agreed not to pursue such 
claim and agrees to execute any and all documents necessary to request 
dismissal or withdrawal of such claim.


13.    No Advice Regarding Grant. The Company is not providing any tax, 
legal or financial advice, nor is the Company making any recommendations 
regarding Participant’s participation in the Plan, or Participant’s 
acquisition or sale of the underlying Shares. Participant is hereby advised 
to consult with his or her own personal tax, legal and financial advisors 
regarding his or her participation in the Plan before taking any action 
related to the Plan.


14.    Data Privacy.  Participant hereby explicitly and unambiguously 
consents to the collection, use and transfer, in electronic or other form, 
of Participant’s personal data as described in this Award Agreement and any 
other Restricted Stock Unit grant materials by and among, as applicable, 
the Employer, the Company and any Parent or Subsidiary for the exclusive 
purpose of implementing, administering and managing Participant’s 
participation in the Plan.

Participant understands that the Company and the Employer may hold certain 
personal information about Participant, including, but not limited to, 
Participant’s name, home address and telephone number, date of birth, 
social insurance number or other identification number, salary, 
nationality, job title, any Shares or directorships held in the Company, 
details of all Restricted Stock Units or any other entitlement to Shares 
awarded, canceled, exercised, vested, unvested or outstanding in 
Participant’s favor (“Data”), for the exclusive purpose of implementing, 
administering and managing the Plan.



8
%%OPTION_NUMBER%-%

------------------------------------------------------------------------


Participant understands that Data will be transferred to a stock plan 
service provider as may be selected by the Company in the future, which is 
assisting the Company with the implementation, administration and 
management of the Plan. Participant understands that the recipients of the 
Data may be located in the United States or elsewhere, and that the 
recipients’ country of operation (e.g., the United States) may have 
different data privacy laws and protections than Participant’s country. 
Participant understands that if he or she resides outside the United 
States, he or she may request a list with the names and addresses of any 
potential recipients of the Data by contacting his or her local human 
resources representative. Participant authorizes the Company, any stock 
plan service provider selected by the Company and any other possible 
recipients which may assist the Company (presently or in the future) with 
implementing, administering and managing the Plan to receive, possess, use, 
retain and transfer the Data, in electronic or other form, for the sole 
purpose of implementing, administering and managing his or her 
participation in the Plan. Participant understands that Data will be held 
only as long as is necessary to implement, administer and manage 
Participant’s participation in the Plan. Participant understands if he or 
she resides outside the United States, he or she may, at any time, view 
Data, request additional information about the storage and processing of 
Data, require any necessary amendments to Data or refuse or withdraw the 
consents herein, in any case without cost, by contacting in writing his or 
her local human resources representative. Further, Participant understands 
that he or she is providing the consents herein on a purely voluntary 
basis. If Participant does not consent, or if Participant later seeks to 
revoke his or her consent, his or her status as a Service Provider and 
career with the Employer will not be adversely affected; the only adverse 
consequence of refusing or withdrawing Participant’s consent is that the 
Company would not be able to grant Participant Restricted Stock Units or 
other equity awards or administer or maintain such awards. Therefore, 
Participant understands that refusing or withdrawing his or her consent may 
affect Participant’s ability to participate in the Plan. For more 
information on the consequences of Participant’s refusal to consent or 
withdrawal of consent, Participant understands that he or she may contact 
his or her local human resources representative.


15.    Address for Notices. Any notice to be given to the Company under the 
terms of this Award Agreement will be addressed to the Company at Rocket 
Fuel Inc., 350 Marine Parkway, Marina Park Center, Suite 220, Redwood 
Shores, CA 94065, or at such other address as the Company may hereafter 
designate in writing.


16.    Electronic Delivery. The Company may, in its sole discretion, decide 
to deliver any documents related to the Restricted Stock Units awarded 
under the Plan or future Restricted Stock Units that may be awarded under 
the Plan by electronic means or request Participant’s consent to 
participate in the Plan by electronic means. Participant hereby consents to 
receive such documents by electronic delivery and agrees to participate in 
the Plan through any on-line or electronic system established and 
maintained by the Company or another third party designated by the Company.


17.    No Waiver. Either party’s failure to enforce any provision or 
provisions of this Agreement shall not in any way be construed as a waiver 
of any such provision or provisions, nor prevent that party from thereafter 
enforcing each and every other provision of this Agreement. The rights 
granted both parties herein are cumulative and shall not constitute a 
waiver of either party’s right to assert all other legal remedies available 
to it under the circumstances.

9
%%OPTION_NUMBER%-%

------------------------------------------------------------------------




18.    Successors and Assigns. The Company may assign any of its rights 
under this Agreement to single or multiple assignees, and this Agreement 
shall inure to the benefit of the successors and assigns of the Company. 
Subject to the restrictions on transfer herein set forth, this Agreement 
shall be binding upon Participant and his or her heirs, executors, 
administrators, successors and assigns. The rights and obligations of 
Participant under this Agreement may only be assigned with the prior 
written consent of the Company.


19.    Additional Conditions to Issuance of Stock. If at any time the 
Company will determine, in its discretion, that the listing, registration, 
qualification or rule compliance of the Shares upon any securities exchange 
or under any state, federal or foreign law, the tax code and related 
regulations or under the rulings or regulations of the United States 
Securities and Exchange Commission or any other governmental regulatory 
body or the clearance, consent or approval of the United States Securities 
and Exchange Commission or any other governmental regulatory authority is 
necessary or desirable as a condition to the issuance of Shares to 
Participant (or his or her estate) hereunder, such issuance will not occur 
unless and until such listing, registration, qualification, rule 
compliance, clearance, consent or approval will have been completed, 
effected or obtained free of any conditions not acceptable to the Company. 
Subject to the terms of the Agreement and the Plan, the Company shall not 
be required to issue any certificate or certificates for Shares hereunder 
prior to the lapse of such reasonable period of time following the date of 
vesting of the Restricted Stock Units as the Administrator may establish 
from time to time for reasons of administrative convenience.


20.    Language. If Participant has received this Agreement or any other 
document related to the Plan translated into a language other than English 
and if the meaning of the translated version is different than the English 
version, the English version will control.


21.    Interpretation. The Administrator will have the power to interpret 
the Plan and this Award Agreement and to adopt such rules for the 
administration, interpretation and application of the Plan as are 
consistent therewith and to interpret or revoke any such rules (including, 
but not limited to, the determination of whether or not any Restricted 
Stock Units have vested). All actions taken and all interpretations and 
determinations made by the Administrator in good faith will be final and 
binding upon Participant, the Company and all other interested persons. 
Neither the Administrator nor any person acting on behalf of the 
Administrator will be personally liable for any action, determination or 
interpretation made in good faith with respect to the Plan or this Award 
Agreement.


22.    Modifications to the Agreement. This Award Agreement constitutes the 
entire understanding of the parties on the subjects covered. Participant 
expressly warrants that he or she is not accepting this Award Agreement in 
reliance on any promises, representations, or inducements other than those 
contained herein. Modifications to this Award Agreement or the Plan can be 
made only in an express written contract executed by a duly authorized 
officer of the Company. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the 
Plan or this Award Agreement, the Company reserves the right to revise this 
Award Agreement as it deems necessary or advisable, in its sole discretion 
and without the consent of Participant, to comply with Section 409A or to 
otherwise avoid imposition of any additional tax or income recognition 
under Section 409A in connection to this Award of Restricted Stock Units.

10
%%OPTION_NUMBER%-%

------------------------------------------------------------------------




23.    Governing Law; Severability. This Award Agreement and the Restricted 
Stock Units are governed by the internal substantive laws, but not the 
choice of law rules, of California. In the event that any provision hereof 
becomes or is declared by a court of competent jurisdiction to be illegal, 
unenforceable or void, this Award Agreement shall continue in full force 
and effect.


24.    Entire Agreement. The Plan is incorporated herein by reference. The 
Plan and this Award Agreement (including the exhibits referenced herein), 
and the Retention Agreement, constitute the entire agreement of the parties 
with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersede in their entirety 
all prior undertakings and agreements of the Company and Participant with 
respect to the subject matter hereof, and may not be modified adversely to 
the Participant’s interest except by means of a writing signed by the 
Company and Participant.





11
%%OPTION_NUMBER%-%

------------------------------------------------------------------------


EXHIBIT A


RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT
VESTING CRITERIA


A.General. The Restricted Stock Units are subject to both performance‑based 
requirements and additional service‑based vesting requirements. The 
Restricted Stock Units will become eligible to vest only if the performance 
goals described below are satisfied, and then will vest only if the 
additional service‑based vesting requirements described below are met.


B.Performance-based Vesting Component. Subject to Sections 3 and 4 of the 
Terms & Conditions or any acceleration provisions contained in the Plan or 
in the Management Retention Agreement entered into by and between the 
Company and Participant (the “Retention Agreement”), the actual number of 
Restricted Stock Units that will become eligible to vest (the “Eligible 
RSUs”) will be determined as follows:


      (i)    Tranche 1: Fifty percent (50%) of the Restricted Stock Units
      (the “Tranche 1 RSUs”) will become Eligible RSUs upon the first day
      during the Performance Period (as defined below) upon which the
      Tranche 1 Performance Target has been met, provided that Participant
      remains a Service Provider through such Tranche 1 Performance Date.
      The Restricted Stock Units that become Eligible RSUs pursuant to this
      clause (i) are the “Tranche 1 Eligible RSUs”.


      (ii)    Tranche 2: Fifty percent (50%) of the Restricted Stock Units
      (the “Tranche 2 RSUs”) will become Eligible RSUs upon the first day
      during the Performance Period upon which the Tranche 2 Performance
      Target has been met, provided that Participant remains a Service
      Provider through such Tranche 2 Performance Date. The Restricted
      Stock Units that become Eligible RSUs pursuant to this clause (ii)
      are the “Tranche 2 Eligible RSUs”.


C.Definitions. For purposes of this Agreement,


      (i)    “Closing Price” means (i) if the Common Stock is listed on any
      established stock exchange or a national market system, including
      without limitation the NASDAQ Global Select Market, the closing sales
      price for a Share of such Common Stock as quoted on such exchange or
      system on the day of determination, as reported on the primary U.S.
      stock exchange (e.g., the Nasdaq Global Select Market) on which the
      Common Stock is listed.


      (ii)    “Performance Period” means the period beginning on the Date
      of Grant through and including the third (3rd) anniversary of the
      Date of Grant.


      (iii)    “Performance Target” means, either of the Tranche 1
      Performance Target, Tranche 1 CIC Target, Tranche 2 Performance
      Target or the Tranche 2 CIC Target, and collectively, the “
      Performance Targets”.


      (iv)    “Tranche 1 Performance Date” means the first date during the
      Performance Period on which the Tranche 1 RSUs become Eligible RSUs.


      (v)    “Tranche 2 Performance Date” means the first date during the
      Performance Period on which the Tranche 2 RSUs become Eligible RSUs.


      (vi)     “Tranche 1 Performance Target” means, during the Performance
      Period, the average, trailing, thirty (30) calendar day Closing Price
      of a Share equals or exceeds $4.00.

12
%%OPTION_NUMBER%-%

------------------------------------------------------------------------




      (vii)    “Tranche 2 Performance Target” means, during the Performance
      Period, the average, trailing, thirty (30) calendar day Closing Price
      of a Share equals or exceeds $6.00.


D.Performance Target Adjustments. In the event that during the Performance 
Period and prior to the achievement of an applicable Performance Target, 
any special dividend or other distribution impacting the Company’s 
capitalization table (whether in the form of cash, Shares, other 
securities, or other property), recapitalization, stock split, reverse 
stock split, reorganization, merger, consolidation, split-up, spin-off, 
combination, repurchase, or exchange of Shares or other securities of the 
Company, or other change in the corporate structure of the Company 
affecting the Shares occurs, the Administrator may, in order to prevent 
diminution or enlargement of the benefits or potential benefits intended to 
be made available under this Award, proportionally adjust the applicable 
Performance Target (with any fraction of a cent as a result of such 
adjustment rounded up to the nearest whole cent).


E.Service‑based Vesting Component. In addition to meeting the 
performance‑based requirements described in Section B above, the Restricted 
Stock Units are subject to service‑based vesting requirements that apply if 
and when the Restricted Stock Units become Eligible RSUs: Subject to 
Sections 3 and 4 of the Terms & Conditions or any acceleration provisions 
contained in the Plan or in the Retention Agreement:


      (i)    Tranche 1 Eligible RSUs shall vest on the eighteen (18)-month
      anniversary of the Tranche 1 Performance Date, subject to Participant
      continuing to be a Service Provider through such date; and


      (ii)    Tranche 2 Eligible RSUs shall vest on the eighteen (18)-month
      anniversary of the Tranche 2 Performance Date, subject to Participant
      continuing to be a Service Provider through such date.


F.Effect of a Change in Control.


      (i)    Notwithstanding the foregoing, if a Change in Control occurs
      during the Performance Period but prior to the achievement of the
      Tranche 1 Performance Target or Tranche 2 Performance Target, as
      applicable, then immediately prior to, and conditioned upon, the
      consummation of a Change in Control (x) with a transaction price per
      Share equal to or in excess of $4.00 (the “Tranche 1 CIC Target”),
      the Tranche 1 RSUs will become Eligible RSUs, or (y) with a
      transaction price per Share equal to or in excess of $6.00 (the “
      Tranche 2 CIC Target”), the Tranche 2 RSUs will become Eligible RSUs,
      in each case of (x) and (y), provided that either (a) Participant
      remains a Service Provider as of immediately prior to such Change in
      Control or (b) Participant experiences a termination described in the
      first paragraph of Section 2.1 of the Retention Agreement. The
      determination of the transaction price per Share will be determined
      in the good faith of the Administrator).


      (ii)    With respect to the Restricted Stock Units granted under this
      Award only, Section 2.1.3 of the Retention Agreement is amended as
      provided in this Section E(ii), and the Retention Agreement otherwise
      remains in full force and effect: The first three (3) sentences of
      Section 2.1.3 of the Retention Agreement shall be deleted and
      replaced in full with the following: “With respect to the
      circumstances described in Section 2.1(i), (ii) or (iii), 100% of any
      then-outstanding “Eligible RSUs” (as defined in the Restricted Stock
      Unit Award Agreement dated [DATE OF GRANT] between you and the
      Company) shall immediately accelerate vesting.” For purposes of
      clarification, this Award Agreement does not amend the Retention
      Agreement with respect to any award other than the Award of
      Restricted Stock Units granted hereunder.

13
%%OPTION_NUMBER%-%

------------------------------------------------------------------------




      (iii)    If a Change in Control occurs during the Performance Period
      but prior to the achievement of the Tranche 1 Performance Target or
      Tranche 2 Performance Target, as applicable, and the Restricted Stock
      Units are not assumed or substituted for (as described in Section 14
      of the Plan) in the Change in Control, and (x) the Tranche 1 CIC
      Target is not met in such Change in Control, then notwithstanding
      anything in Section 14(c) of the Plan to the contrary, any
      then-outstanding Tranche 1 RSUs shall terminate immediately prior to
      the Change in Control, and (y) the Tranche 2 CIC Target is not met in
      such Change in Control, then notwithstanding anything in Section
      14(c) of the Plan to the contrary, any then-outstanding Tranche 2
      RSUs shall terminate immediately prior to the Change in Control, in
      each case without ever having become Eligible RSUs or otherwise
      becoming eligible to vest.


      (iv)    If a Change in Control occurs while Participant remains a
      Service Provider and any then-outstanding Eligible RSUs are not
      assumed or substituted for (as described in Section 14 of the Plan)
      in the Change in Control, then notwithstanding anything in Section
      14(c) of the Plan to the contrary, 100% of the then-outstanding
      Eligible RSUs shall immediately accelerate vesting effective as of
      immediately prior to, and conditioned upon, the consummation of the
      Change in Control.


G.Forfeiture of Restricted Stock Units. In the event Participant ceases to 
be a Service Provider for any or no reason before Participant vests in the 
Restricted Stock Units, the Restricted Stock Units and Participant’s right 
to acquire any Shares hereunder will immediately terminate, except as 
necessary to accommodate any remaining eligibility to vest in such 
Restricted Stock Units pursuant to the Retention Agreement as amended 
hereby. Further, any Restricted Stock Units which have not vested during 
the Performance Period, and Participant’s rights to acquire any Shares 
under such Restricted Stock Units, will immediately terminate and be 
forfeited upon the expiration of the Performance Period.




14
%%OPTION_NUMBER%-%

