 EX-10.37 2 stlt_ex1037.htm EXCLUSIVE LICENSE AGREEMENT
[***] Indicates Redacted Information Subject to a Request for Confidential 
Treatment.
 
EXHIBIT 10.37
 
IURTC Agreement Number [***]
 
EXCLUSIVE LICENSE AGREEMENT
OF OCTOBER 13, 2016
 
between
 
INDIANA UNIVERSITY RESEARCH AND TECHNOLOGY CORPORATION
 
and
 
SPOTLIGHT INNOVATION, INC.
 
 
1
 
 
Introduction: This exclusive license agreement (the “Agreement”) is made 
and entered into as of October 13, 2016 (the “Effective Date”) by and 
between:
 
Indiana University Research and Technology Corporation (“IURTC”), a 
non-profit corporation organized under the laws of Indiana, having its 
principal offices at 518 Indiana Ave., Indianapolis, Indiana 46202, and
 
Spotlight Innovation, Inc. (“Spotlight”), a company organized under the 
laws of Nevada, having its principal offices at 6750 Westown Pkwy Ste 
200-226, West Des Moines, Iowa 50266.
 
The Parties hereby agree:
 
1 Background: IURTC and The Brigham and Women’s Hospital, Inc. (“BWH”) are 
co-owners of certain intellectual property rights invented by Elliot 
Androphy, M.D. at Indiana University and Kevin Hodgetts, Ph.D. at BWH (the 
“Inventors”; collectively, Indiana University and BWH are the 
“Institutions”). IURTC and BWH entered into an agreement effective January 
1, 2016 which grants IURTC the right to grant licenses under both parties’ 
ownership rights in the intellectual property. IURTC is willing to grant 
licenses to these intellectual property rights provided the rights are used 
to further scientific research, for new product development, and for other 
applications in the public interest. Spotlight represents to IURTC that it 
has the necessary product development, manufacturing, and marketing 
capabilities to commercialize products based on such intellectual property 
rights. Spotlight desires to obtain a license to commercialize these 
intellectual property rights upon the terms and conditions set forth in 
this Agreement.
 
2 Definitions: In addition to other capitalized terms defined herein, the 
following words and phrases have the meanings assigned to them below.
 
2.1 Affiliate: Any entity that, directly or indirectly, owns or controls 
Spotlight or that is owned or controlled by or is under common ownership or 
control with Spotlight. Own(s) or control(s) means:
 
      2.1.1 Direct or indirect ownership of at least fifty percent (50%) of
      the outstanding voting securities of a corporation;
       
      2.1.2 The right to receive at least fifty percent (50%) of the
      earnings of the entity in question; or
       
      2.1.3 The right to control the business decisions of the entity in
      question.
 
 
2
 
 
2.2 Development Plan: Spotlight’s good faith, bona fide plan for the 
development, manufacture, promotion, importation, use, sale, and marketing 
of Licensed Products. The Development Plan will include, at a minimum, then 
current:
 
      2.2.1 Definitions and/or specifications for each Licensed Product
      planned for development;
       
      2.2.2 Tasks to be performed by Spotlight and/or Sublicensees to
      develop each Licensed Product to the point of First Commercial Sale
      and thereafter to maximize Sales, including without limitation
      estimated time schedules for specific tasks;
       
      2.2.3 Tasks to be performed to achieve any regulatory approval or
      other certification of each Licensed Product, including without
      limitation estimated time schedules for each; and
       
      2.2.4 Identification of the primary country(ies) in which each
      Licensed Product is or will be Sold, and a good faith estimate of
      time of First Commercial Sale in the primary country(ies) where
      Licensed Product is not yet Sold.
 
2.3 Field: Human therapeutic for spinal muscular atrophy.
 
2.4 First Commercial Sale: The earliest date of Sale of a Licensed Product 
by Spotlight or any of its Sublicensees. The transfer of Licensed Products 
by Spotlight or its Sublicensees strictly for their internal laboratory and 
clinical research and development purposes or beta-testing prior to 
regulatory approval does not constitute a First Commercial Sale, provided 
that Spotlight and its Sublicensees receive no payment or other 
consideration or value for such Licensed Product in excess of the actual 
documented costs of producing and transporting such Licensed Product.
 
2.5 Licensed Product: Any product or process that: (i) is claimed in the 
Patent Rights; and/or (ii) is made by, uses, incorporates, is used by, or 
results from a process that is claimed in the Patent Rights.
 
2.6 Net Sales: The gross receipts for the Sale of Licensed Products, less 
the following to the extent documented to IURTC and only insofar as they 
are included in gross receipts and are separately billed:
 
      2.6.1 Trade, quantity, and cash rebates on Licensed Products actually
      provided to third parties;
       
      2.6.2 Credits, allowances, or refunds, not to exceed the original
      invoice amount, actually allowed for actual claims, damaged goods,
      rejections, or returns of Licensed Products; and
       
      2.6.3 Excise, sale, use, or other taxes, other than income taxes and
      value added taxes, that are included in gross receipts and that are
      paid to Spotlight or Sublicensees for Licensed Products.
 
If Sales are not in an arms-length transaction or are between Spotlight, 
Affiliates, or Sublicensees, then the gross receipts of the Sale will be 
deemed to be the annual average gross invoiced amount in the same country 
for arms-length transactions for the Licensed Product.
 
 
3
 
 
2.7 Party: Individually, IURTC or Spotlight. Collectively, IURTC and 
Spotlight may be referred to as the “Parties.”
 
2.8 Patent Rights: IURTC’s and BWH’s rights in:
 
      2.8.1 U.S. provisional patent applications [***];
       
      2.8.2 All U.S. patent applications claiming priority to the
      above-referenced patents or applications, including without
      limitation divisionals, equivalent continuations, and subject matter
      claimed in continuations-in-part applications that is entitled to the
      priority filing date of any of the above;
       
      2.8.3 Foreign equivalent applications claiming priority to the
      above-referenced patents or applications;
       
      2.8.4 Patents issuing from any of the above-referenced applications;
       
      2.8.5 Any of the foregoing during reissue, re-examination,
      opposition, or post-grant review proceedings;
       
      2.8.6 Reissues and re-examinations of any of the above-referenced
      patents; and
       
      2.8.7 Any extensions of or supplementary protection certificates
      referencing any of the above patents.
 
2.9 The terms Sale, Sold, Sell: Any transaction in which a Licensed Product 
is manufactured, exchanged, or transferred for value, including without 
limitation sales, leases, licenses, rentals, provision of services through 
the practice of Licensed Products, and other modes of distribution or 
transfer of a Licensed Product. A Sale of a Licensed Product will be deemed 
to have been made upon the earliest of the dates on which Spotlight or its 
Sublicensee (or anyone acting as a result of, on behalf of, or for the 
benefit of Spotlight or any of its Sublicensees) invoices, ships, provides, 
or receives value for a Licensed Product.
 
2.10 Sublicense: Each agreement, however captioned, in which Spotlight 
directly, or indirectly through privity of contract with a Sublicensee:
 
      2.10.1 Grants, conveys, or otherwise transfers any of the rights
      granted hereunder;
       
      2.10.2 Agrees not to assert one or more of the Patent Rights or
      agrees not to sue, prevent, or seek a legal remedy for the practice
      of same;
       
      2.10.3 Has obtained the agreement from another entity not to practice
      the Patent Rights;
       
      2.10.4 Has agreed with any other entity to do any of the foregoing,
      or to forbear from offering or doing any of the foregoing with any
      other entity, including without limitation licenses, option
      agreements, right of first refusal agreements, standstill agreements,
      settlement agreements, co-development agreements, co-promotion
      agreements, joint venture agreements, and other agreements; or
 
 
4
 
 
      2.10.5 Has another party Sell, offer for Sale, manufacture, or import
      Licensed Product.
 
2.11 Sublicensee: Each entity, other than Spotlight or Affiliates that have 
satisfied the requirements of Paragraph 3.2, that enters into a Sublicense.
 
2.12 Sublicensing Revenue: The remuneration received under each Sublicense, 
including without limitation the fair market cash value of any and all 
non-cash consideration, including without limitation license issue fees, 
option fees, other licensing fees, milestone payments, minimum annual 
royalties, equity, or other payments of any kind whatsoever (but excluding 
solely running royalties paid by Licensee to IURTC for Net Sales by 
Sublicensees), irrespective of whether such revenues are received in the 
form of cash, barter, credit, stock, warrants, release from debt, goods or 
services, licenses back, and/or a premium on the sale of equity (i.e., 
payments for equity that exceed the pre-Sublicense value).
 
2.13 Term: Commencing on the Effective Date and continuing until the 
expiration of the last of the Patent Rights, unless earlier terminated in 
accordance with this Agreement.
 
2.14 Territory: Anywhere in the world, except those countries to which 
export of technology or goods is prohibited by applicable U.S. export 
control laws or regulations.
 
3 Grant:
 
3.1 Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement and Spotlight’s 
compliance therewith, and in consideration of Spotlight’s satisfaction of 
its obligations hereunder, IURTC hereby grants to Spotlight and Spotlight 
hereby accepts an exclusive license under the Patent Rights, to make, have 
made, use, offer for Sale, Sell, and import Licensed Products solely in the 
Field and the Territory.
 
3.2 Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement and Affiliate 
compliance therewith, the rights licensed to Spotlight hereunder, except 
for the right to grant Sublicenses, may be extended to Affiliates provided 
that each such Affiliate first agrees in a written agreement to be bound by 
the terms and conditions of this Agreement as Spotlight is bound, and such 
agreement: (i) names IURTC as a third party beneficiary; (ii) terminates 
upon termination of this Agreement with obligations that survive for 
Spotlight surviving for Affiliates; and (iii) is not transferable. Any 
Affiliate that desires to exercise any of the rights granted hereunder will 
enter into such written agreement with Spotlight prior to exercising such 
rights. Spotlight will deliver to IURTC a copy of said agreement and any 
amendment thereto within thirty (30) days of each execution. Spotlight 
agrees to be fully responsible for the performance of such Affiliates and 
liable for their compliance therewith and herewith.
 
3.3 Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement and Sublicensee 
compliance therewith and with its Sublicense, Spotlight may grant 
Sublicenses, conditioned on such compliance, to third parties under this 
Agreement. Only Spotlight, and not its Sublicensees, is permitted to grant 
Sublicenses unless IURTC provides prior written consent in each instance. 
If such consent is provided, which IURTC may withhold for any reason, then 
all terms and conditions applicable to Sublicensee hereunder will also 
apply to Sublicensee’s Sublicensee.
 
      3.3.1 Each Sublicense will be consistent with the terms and
      conditions of this Agreement, including without limitation Paragraphs
      8.3 and 13.5 and Article 14 and will:
       
      3.3.1.1 Contain the terms and conditions set forth in Paragraph 2.6
      and the definitions it references therein, and in Paragraphs 3.4,
      3.6, 3.7, 6.3, 6.4, 8.4, 8.5, 9.7, 16.6, and 16.7, and in Article 7
      modified only to indicate that Sublicensee is under the same
      obligations as Spotlight;
       
      3.3.1.2 Contain the terms and conditions set forth in Paragraph 6.2
      and the definitions it references modified only to indicate that the
      Sublicensee is obligated to Spotlight as Spotlight is to IURTC;
 
 
5
 
 
      3.3.1.3 Contain the terms and conditions set forth in Articles 11,
      12, and Paragraph 7.5, modified only to indicate that the Sublicensee
      is obligated to IURTC and the Institutions as Spotlight is obligated
      to IURTC and the Institutions hereunder; and
       
      3.3.1.4 State that if Spotlight enters bankruptcy or receivership,
      voluntarily or involuntarily, then upon notice from IURTC, each
      Sublicensee will pay Sublicensee’s royalties on Net Sales and
      Sublicensing Revenue then or thereafter due directly to IURTC for the
      account of Spotlight. IURTC will remit to Spotlight any amounts
      received that exceed the sum actually owed by Spotlight to IURTC.
       
      3.3.2 Within thirty (30) days of the effective date of each
      Sublicense and each amendment thereto, Spotlight will provide IURTC a
      complete copy of the Sublicense and all amendments and exhibits
      thereto, along with Spotlight’s representation and warranty that no
      prior, contemporaneous, planned, or proposed contractual
      relationships between Spotlight and Sublicensee contain consideration
      to Spotlight reasonably attributable to the sublicensed rights. If
      the original Sublicense is written in a language other than English,
      the copy of the Sublicense and all exhibits thereto will be
      accompanied by a complete translation written in English that
      Spotlight represents and warrants will be a true and accurate
      translation of the Sublicense and its exhibits. Spotlight will also
      notify IURTC promptly upon the termination of each Sublicense.
       
      3.3.3 Spotlight agrees to be fully responsible for the performance of
      Sublicensees and liable for their compliance hereunder. Any act or
      omission by a Sublicensee that would be a breach of this Agreement if
      imputed to Spotlight will be deemed to be a breach by Spotlight of
      this Agreement.
 
3.4 IURTC, the Institutions, BWH’s affiliates, and the Inventors retain the 
right to practice the Patent Rights for educational and/or research 
purposes, for patient care and treatment purposes, and to permit other 
non-profit entities to do the same for educational and/or research 
purposes. Spotlight agrees not to directly or indirectly restrict the 
rights of the Institutions, other non-profit entities, or their respective 
faculty, staff, students, or employees from publishing the results of their 
research or transferring materials related to the Patent Rights, provided, 
however, that any such publications that are disclosed to IURTC will be 
provided to Spotlight for its review at least thirty (30) days prior to 
publication so that Spotlight may discuss with IURTC its interest in such 
disclosures.
 
3.5 This Agreement provides Spotlight, Affilates, and Sublicensees no 
ownership rights of any kind in the Patent Rights or any Confidential 
Information (as defined in Paragraph 7.1) provided by or on behalf of 
IURTC. All rights, titles, and interests in and to tangible and/or 
intangible property of IURTC or the Institutions, including without 
limitation those rights expressly reserved in Paragraph 3.4 and ownership 
of the Patent Rights and any Confidential Information provided, remain the 
property of IURTC. Nothing in this Agreement will be construed as a sale 
thereof or conferring, by implication, estoppel, or otherwise, upon 
Spotlight, Affiliates, Sublicensees, or any party in privity with, or any 
customer of any of the foregoing, any right, title, or interest of IURTC or 
the Institutions except as expressly granted in Paragraphs 3.1-3.3. 
Spotlight will provide notice of Field and Territory limitations on 
Licensed Products to prevent any implied license outside the Field or 
Territory.
 
3.6 In accordance with 35 U.S.C. §§ 200-212, 37 C.F.R. Part 401, and in the 
relevant government research contracts with the Institutions, the U.S. 
government retains certain rights and may impose certain requirement with 
respect to subject inventions as that term is defined therein. To the 
extent applicable, such rights and requirements include without limitation: 
(i) the grant of a nonexclusive, non-transferable, irrevocable, fully 
paid-up license to practice or have practiced for or on behalf of the 
government the subject inventions throughout the world; and (ii) the 
requirement that subject inventions and products produced through the use 
of subject inventions that are used or sold in the U.S. be manufactured 
substantially in the U.S. The rights granted in this Agreement are 
expressly made subject to these laws and regulations as they may be amended 
from time to time, and Spotlight agrees to comply and enable IURTC and the 
Institutions to comply with all such laws and regulations, including 
without limitation to submit information requested by IURTC to satisfy the 
Institutions’ reporting requirements in connection therewith. Spotlight 
represents and warrants that it, all Affiliates extended rights under 
Paragraph 3.2, and all Sublicensees constitute a “small business firm” as 
defined in 15 U.S.C. §632, and Spotlight will promptly notify IURTC of any 
change thereof that occurs during the term.
 
 
6
 
 
3.7 Spotlight will mark all Licensed Products Sold in the U.S. with the 
applicable Patent Rights and in a manner not inconsistent with 35 U.S.C. 
§287(a), and will mark all Licensed Products Sold in other countries with 
the applicable Patent Rights in a manner not inconsistent with the laws and 
regulation then applicable in each such country. Spotlight acknowledges 
that it will be liable to IURTC for infringement damages lost due to a 
failure to mark Licensed Products and/or due to the improper or defective 
marking of the Patent Rights.
 
4 Diligence: Spotlight agrees to develop, promote, and Sell Licensed 
Products within the Field and throughout the Territory in accordance with 
the terms and conditions of this Agreement and applicable laws and 
regulations.
 
4.1 Within ninety (90) days of the Effective Date, Spotlight will provide 
IURTC with a Development Plan. No later than January 31 of each subsequent 
year during the Term, Spotlight will provide IURTC with written updates to 
the Development Plan. The updates will summarize in reasonable detail the 
progress achieved during the previous year, any problems encountered in the 
development, evaluation, testing, pre-production manufacturing, First 
Commercial Sale, and/or initial marketing of each Licensed Product, and 
plans for the future regarding the foregoing. Upon reasonable request by 
IURTC, Spotlight will consult with IURTC about tasks, schedules, and 
progress.
 
4.2 Spotlight will achieve directly or through a Sublicensee the following 
commercial goals by the dates set forth below:
 
      4.2.1 [***]
       
      4.2.2 [***]
       
      4.2.3 [***] Spotlight will provide IURTC with commercially reasonable
      evidence of Spotlight’s or Sublicensee’s achievement of each of such
      goals within thirty (30) days after the corresponding date.
 
5 Financial Consideration:
 
5.1 Within thirty (30) days of the Effective Date, Spotlight will pay to 
IURTC [***].
 
5.2 Spotlight will pay to IURTC a running royalty of Net Sales by Spotlight 
and Sublicensee according to the following table.
 
[***][***][***][***][***][***]
 
The royalty will apply to all Licensed Products made during the Term, 
though specific Licensed Products may be Sold after the Term. No multiple 
royalties will be payable because: (i) the Licensed Product is later sold 
or used following the Sale of the Licensed Product generating the Net Sale 
hereunder; or (ii) the manufacture or use of the Licensed Product is 
covered by more than one of the Patent Rights. Royalties will be paid to 
IURTC within thirty (30) days of the end of each calendar quarter in which 
the Net Sales occurred.
 
5.3 Beginning with the [***] calendar year, Spotlight will pay to IURTC an 
annual maintenance fee according to the table below:
 
[***][***][***][***][***][***]
 
 
7
 
 
The maintenance fee will be paid by Spotlight to IURTC on January 1 of the 
calendar year for which it is owed, with the first payment due on January 
1, [***]. Maintenance fee payments may be credited toward payments due to 
IURTC under Paragraphs 5.2, 5.4, and 5.5 but only for those payments that 
accrue in the same calendar year in which the maintenance fee was due and 
paid.
 
5.4 Spotlight will pay to IURTC [***] of all Sublicensing Revenue. IURTC’s 
percentage of Sublicensing Revenue will be paid by Spotlight to IURTC 
within thirty (30) days of the end of each calendar quarter in which 
Spotlight received the Sublicensing Revenue.
 
5.5 Spotlight will pay to IURTC the following performance milestone 
payments:
 
           5.5.1 [***]
            
           5.5.2 [***]
            
           5.5.3 [***]
            
           5.5.4 [***]
 
Spotlight will promptly notify IURTC of the achievement of a performance 
milestone. Should Spotlight receive Sublicensing Revenue for a 
Sublicensee’s achievement of a particular performance milestone, Spotlight 
will pay to IURTC the greater of the payment listed above or IURTC’s 
percentage of Sublicensing Revenue under Paragraph 5.4. Performance 
milestone payments will be paid by Spotlight to IURTC within thirty (30) 
days of the end of each calendar quarter in which the performance milestone 
is achieved.
 
6 Payment and Reports:
 
6.1 All dollar ($) amounts referred to in this Agreement are expressed in 
U.S. dollars. All payments to IURTC are non-refundable and, except as 
provided in Paragraph 5.3, non-creditable, may not be placed in escrow, and 
will be made in U.S. dollars by check or electronic transfer (without 
deduction of any transfer fees) payable solely to “Indiana University 
Research and Technology Corporation.”
 
      6.1.1 Checks will be sent to:
       
      Indiana University Research and Technology Corporation
      518 Indiana Ave.
      Indianapolis, IN 46202
       
      The IURTC Agreement Number [***] and purpose of the payment will be
      included with the check.
       
      6.1.2 Wire transfer payments will be sent to:
 
 
8
 
 
      [***]
       
      The IURTC Agreement Number [***] and purpose of the payment will be
      included with the wire transfer information. Spotlight will add wire
      transfer fees to the payment.
       
      6.1.3 Any amounts due in currency other than U.S. dollars will be
      converted to U.S. dollars at the conversion rate for the foreign
      currency as published in the Eastern edition of The Wall Street
      Journal as of the last business day in the U.S. of the applicable
      payment period.
 
6.2 Spotlight will deliver to IURTC, with each payment made under Paragraph 
6.1, a written report describing the purpose of the payment and setting 
forth the calculation of the payment being made to IURTC, including without 
limitation the following:
 
      6.2.1 For payments under Paragraph 5.2, calculations of payments due
      by Spotlight, by each Affiliate extended rights under Paragraph 3.2,
      and by each Sublicensee on a Licensed Product-by-Licensed Product and
      country-by-country basis: the number of Licensed Products Sold; gross
      receipts for Sales; deductions as described in Paragraph 2.6, giving
      totals by each type; and calculation of Net Sales;
       
      6.2.2 For payments under Paragraphs 5.2, 5.4, and 5.5, the serial
      numbers of the patent applications and patents of the Patent Rights
      that may cover each Licensed Product;
       
      6.2.3 For payments under Paragraphs 5.2, 5.4, and 5.5, a description
      and list of amounts credited against the maintenance fee; and
       
      6.2.4 For payments under Paragraph 5.4, the name of the Sublicensee
      paying the Sublicensing Revenue.
 
6.3 Spotlight will maintain complete, continuous, and accurate books of 
account and records sufficient to enable IURTC’s independent auditor to 
verify the amounts paid under this Agreement, and for otherwise verifying 
its and Affiliates’ granted rights under Paragraph 3.2 and Sublicensees’ 
performance hereunder and compliance herewith. The books and records will 
be maintained for at least three (3) years following the quarter after 
submission of the reports required by this Article. Upon reasonable notice 
by IURTC and during normal business hours, Spotlight will give IURTC (or 
auditors or inspectors appointed by and representing IURTC) access to all 
books and records, including without limitation for Sales of Licensed 
Products, to conduct at IURTC’s expense an audit or review of those books 
and records. This access will be available at least once every calendar 
year during the Term and for the three (3) calendar years thereafter. Any 
underpayment will be promptly paid, with interest as set forth in Paragraph 
6.4, to IURTC. Any overpayment will be granted to Spotlight solely and 
exclusively as a credit against future payment. If the audit or review 
reflects an underpayment or overpayment by five percent (5%) or more for 
any calendar quarter, then Spotlight will promptly reimburse IURTC for the 
costs and expenses of the accountants and auditors in connection with the 
review and audit.
 
6.4 All payments not paid by Spotlight to IURTC when due will accrue 
interest, from the due date until payment is received by IURTC, at an 
annual rate equal to two percent (2%) above the prime rate published in the 
Eastern edition of The Wall Street Journal at the beginning of the period 
of arrearage (or the maximum allowed by law, if less). In the event of 
default in payment, collection agency’s fees of the delinquent balance and 
out-of-pocket attorney fees plus any applicable court costs will be added 
to the amount due to IURTC. Spotlight will reimburse IURTC within fifteen 
(15) days of each invoice for all such costs.
 
 
9
 
 
6.5 Any taxes required to be withheld by Spotlight from payments due under 
Article 5 to comply with the tax laws of the U.S. or any other country will 
be promptly paid by Spotlight to the appropriate tax authorities, and 
Spotlight will furnish IURTC with original tax receipts or other 
appropriate evidence issued by the appropriate tax authorities sufficient 
to enable IURTC to support a claim for income tax credit or refund in 
respect to any sum so withheld.
 
7 Confidentiality:
 
7.1 The terms and conditions of Articles 4 and 5 and information exchanged 
between the Parties under Articles 4, 6, and 9, and 10, tangible materials 
and technical information provided by or on behalf of IURTC, as well as any 
information designated by a Party in any reasonable manner as confidential 
within a reasonable time after it is delivered to the receiving Party, are 
“Confidential Information.”
 
7.2 During the Term and for a period of three (3) years thereafter, the 
receiving Party agrees to maintain in secrecy and not disclose to any third 
party any Confidential Information received. The receiving Party will use 
the Confidential Information received solely as necessary to perform its 
obligations and exercise its rights in accordance with the terms and 
conditions of this Agreement.
 
7.3 Confidential Information does not include information that:
 
      7.3.1 Is or becomes part of the public domain through no fault of the
      receiving Party;
       
      7.3.2 Was known to the receiving Party before disclosure by the
      disclosing Party as established by documentary evidence;
       
      7.3.3 Is identical subject matter originally and independently
      developed by the receiving Party’s personnel without knowledge, use
      of, or access to any disclosing Party’s Confidential Information as
      established by documentary evidence; or
       
      7.3.4 Was disclosed to the receiving Party without restriction by a
      third party having a right to make the disclosure.
 
7.4 Notwithstanding the other terms of this Article 7:
 
      7.4.1 Spotlight may, to the extent necessary, use Confidential
      Information to secure governmental approval to clinically test or
      market a Licensed Product or to show to a potential sublicensee or
      contractor subject to an appropriate confidentiality agreement.
      Spotlight will, in any such use, take all reasonably available steps
      to maintain confidentiality of the disclosed information and to guard
      against any further disclosure;
 
 
10
 
 
      7.4.2 IURTC may report consideration received under this Agreement
      and Spotlight’s progress under Article 4, including without
      limitation providing Development Plans and reports, to the
      Institutions and the Inventors and to the U.S. government under
      Paragraph 3.6; and
       
      7.4.3 The receiving Party may disclose Confidential Information when
      required by law, regulation, or court order provided it has first
      notified the disclosing Party and it reasonably cooperates therewith
      in obtaining a protective order or other remedy of the disclosing
      Party’s election.
       
7.5 Spotlight may not use or permit the use of the name of IURTC, the 
Institutions, or any trustee, director, officer, staff member, employee, 
student or agent of the Institutions or any adaptation thereof or use the 
trademarks, including without limitation logos, of any of the foregoing for 
any commercial, advertisement, or promotional purpose without the prior 
written consent of IURTC and the BWH or the individual whose name is to be 
used. For BWH, such approval will be obtained from BWH’s Chief Public 
Affairs Officer. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Spotlight will be permitted 
to disclose the existence and terms of this Agreement, including the name 
of IURTC, to the extent required under federal securities laws, or to the 
extent consistent with Spotlight’s past practices with regard to public 
disclosures to stockholders. Consistent with the foregoing, each Party 
including UABRF may state that Spotlight licensed from IURTC one or more of 
the patent applications and/or patents in the Licensed Patents, list 
Inventor names, and describe the type and extent of licenses.
 
8 Representations and Warranties:
 
8.1 IURTC represents and warrants that:
 
      8.1.1 It is a corporation organized, existing, and in good standing
      under the laws of Indiana;
       
      8.1.2 It has the authority to enter into this Agreement and that the
      person signing on its behalf has the authority to do so; and
       
      8.1.3 To the best of its knowledge, it is the co-owner (subject to
      any rights retained by the U.S. government by operation of law) of
      the Patent Rights and that it has the authority to grant the licenses
      set forth herein.
       
8.2 Spotlight represents and warrants that:
       
      8.2.1 It is a company duly organized, existing, and in good standing
      under the laws of Nevada;
       
      8.2.2 The execution, delivery, and performance of this Agreement have
      been authorized by all necessary corporate action on the part of
      Spotlight and that the person signing this Agreement on behalf of
      Spotlight has the authority to do so;
 
 
11
 
 
      8.2.3 The making, exercising of any right, or performance of any
      obligation under this Agreement does not violate any separate
      agreement it has with a third party, and in so acting, Spotlight will
      not breach the terms and conditions of this Agreement or fail to
      comply with applicable laws, regulations, and court orders;
       
      8.2.4 It is not a party to any agreement or arrangement that would
      prevent it from performing its duties and fulfilling its obligations
      to IURTC under this Agreement;
       
      8.2.5 It has and will maintain at the time specified in Article 12,
      the insurance coverage called for in Article 12;
       
      8.2.6 It will obtain any additional licenses from any third party
      needed to perform and fulfill its duties and obligations under this
      Agreement; and
       
      8.2.7 There is no pending litigation and no threatened claims against
      it that could impair its ability or capacity to perform and fulfill
      its duties and obligations under this Agreement.
       
      8.2.8 As of the Effective Date it is a small entity as defined in 37
      CFR 1.27, and it will promptly notify IURTC of any change to its
      entity status through acquisition, addition of employees,
      sublicensing this Agreement, or any other mechanism.
 
8.3 IURTC AND BWH PROVIDE THE PATENT RIGHTS “AS IS.” EXCEPT AS PROVIDED IN 
PARAGRAPH 8.1, IURTC AND BWH MAKE NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES, AND 
EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ON BEHALF OF IURTC AND THE INSTITUTIONS ALL OTHER 
REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES, WHETHER EXPRESS, STATUTORY, IMPLIED, OR 
OTHERWISE, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION:
 
      8.3.1 A warranty or representation by IURTC or the Institutions as to
      the validity, scope, enforceability, or efficacy of the Patent
      Rights;
       
      8.3.2 A warranty or representation by IURTC or the Institutions that
      the exercise of any rights granted in this Agreement, including
      without limitation practicing the Patent Rights, does not or will not
      infringe patents, copyrights, trademarks, trade secrets or other
      tangible or intangible property rights of third parties;
       
      8.3.3 A warranty or representation by IURTC or the Institutions of
      operability, that development of a Licensed Product is possible, or
      to safety, effectiveness, or commercial viability of Licensed
      Products;
       
      8.3.4 An obligation to bring or prosecute actions or suits against
      third parties for infringement of the Patent Rights;
       
      8.3.5 A grant, by implication, estoppel, or otherwise, of any
      licenses or rights under patents or other intellectual property
      rights of IURTC, the Institutions, or other persons, other than the
      rights expressly granted herein to the Patent Rights;
 
 
12
 
 
      8.3.6 Directly or indirectly operating or applying as a waiver of
      sovereign immunity by IU or Indiana;
       
      8.3.7 Imposing any obligation or any liability on any party contrary
      to the laws of Indiana; and
       
      8.3.8 IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS OF THE PATENT
      RIGHTS OR ANY LICENSED PRODUCTS FOR ANY PURPOSE. In no event will
      IURTC, BWH or any of its affiliates or any of their respective
      trustees, directors, officers, medical and professional staff,
      employees and agentsbe liable, including without limitation to
      Spotlight, its Affiliates, its Sublicensees, and their respective
      affiliates, successors, assigns, independent contractors, and agents,
      or to any third party regarding any claim arising from or relating to
      the exercise of any right granted, including without limitation
      Spotlight’s use of the Patent Rights; or from the manufacture, use,
      or importation of products; or for any claim for loss of profits or
      loss or interruption of business; or for indirect, special,
      exemplary, punitive, or consequential damages of any kind. The above
      limitations on liability apply even if advised of the possibility of
      such damages.
 
8.4 The rights granted to Spotlight under this Agreement are contingent 
upon compliance with applicable U.S. export laws and regulations, including 
without limitation the Arms Export Control Act, as amended, and the Export 
Administration Act of 1979. The transfer of certain technical data and 
commodities may require a license from the cognizant agency of the U.S. 
Government and/or written assurances by Spotlight that Spotlight will not 
export data or commodities to certain foreign countries without prior 
approval of such agency. IURTC does not represent that a license is not 
required, or that, if required, such a license will be issued.
 
8.5 The rights granted to Spotlight under this Agreement are contingent 
upon compliance with the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act. 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, IURTC is not obligated to 
take any action that it believes in good faith may cause it to be in 
violation of the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act or other U.S. laws and 
such inaction will not give rise to liability hereunder.
 
9 Prosecution of Patent Rights:
 
9.1 IURTC will prepare, file, prosecute, defend, and maintain the Patent 
Rights in its discretion in accordance with the terms and conditions herein 
using attorneys of its choosing. IURTC will instruct its attorneys to keep 
Spotlight informed of patent prosecution in the Field and to seek 
Spotlight’s comments and suggestions prior to taking material actions for 
the same (provided Spotlight is not in breach of this Agreement).
 
9.2 IURTC will authorize Spotlight to communicate directly with IURTC’s 
patent counsel. All information exchanged among IURTC’s counsel, the 
Parties, and/or the Inventors regarding the preparation, filing, 
prosecution, issue, defense, or maintenance of the Patent Rights will be 
deemed Confidential Information of IURTC. In addition, the Parties 
acknowledge and agree that, with regard to such preparation, filing, 
prosecution, issue, defense, and maintenance of the Patent Rights, the 
interests of the Parties as licensor and licensee are to obtain the 
strongest and broadest patent protection possible, and as such, are aligned 
and legal in nature. The Parties agree and acknowledge that they have not 
waived, and nothing in this Agreement constitutes a waiver of, any legal 
privilege concerning the Patent Rights, including without limitation, 
privilege under the common interest doctrine and similar or related 
doctrines.
 
9.3 Spotlight will reimburse IURTC [***] within thirty (30) days after the 
Effective Date for expenses incurred prior to the Effective Date for the 
Patent Rights.
 
9.4 During the Term, Spotlight will reimburse IURTC for all reasonable and 
documented costs and expenses incurred by IURTC relating to the Patent 
Rights within thirty (30) days of receipt of billing invoices for such 
costs and expenses.
 
 
13
 
 
9.5 Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein:
 
      9.5.1 IURTC may request written confirmation from Spotlight that it
      will satisfy its reimbursement obligations for any particular fees or
      expenditures for the Patent Rights at least sixty (60) days in
      advance of the date on which such expenditure is to be made or such
      fee is due to be paid. If Spotlight elects not to pay in accordance
      with Paragraph 9.6 or fails to respond, then such Patent Rights will
      be removed from the Agreement, the license granted to Spotlight for
      those patent applications or patents in the Patent Rights will
      terminate, the definition of Patent Rights will be unilaterally
      amended to exclude such rights, and IURTC will be free, at IURTC’s
      sole discretion and without any further obligation to Spotlight
      regarding such former Patent Rights, including without limitation, to
      prosecute and maintain for IURTC’s sole use and benefit, to license
      or to abandon the patent applications or patents;
       
      9.5.2 In addition, IURTC may, at its sole discretion, require payment
      of a retainer from Spotlight for filing fees prior to filing patent
      applications in foreign countries, foreign annuities, or other direct
      costs paid on behalf of IURTC for the Patent Rights to any patent
      office;
       
      9.5.3 Should Spotlight become delinquent at any time for the
      reimbursement of patenting costs, IURTC may, at its sole discretion,
      require Spotlight to pay in advance of all future actions undertaken
      by counsel regarding the Patent Rights; and
       
      9.5.4 In addition to and not in lieu of its other rights and remedies
      hereunder, IURTC will have no obligations to Spotlight under this
      Article 9 if Spotlight is delinquent in its payments.
 
9.6 If Spotlight elects not to incur fees or expenditures for any Patent 
Rights, Spotlight will give IURTC written notice of such election at least 
sixty (60) days in advance of the date on which such expenditure is to be 
made or such fee is due to be paid. Upon IURTC’s receipt of such notice, or 
if any payment due under this Article 9 is delinquent for more than thirty 
(30) days, the license granted to Spotlight for those patent applications 
or patents in the Patent Rights will terminate, the definition of Patent 
Rights will be unilaterally amended to exclude such rights, and IURTC will 
be free, at IURTC’s sole discretion and without any further obligation to 
Spotlight regarding such former Patent Rights, including without 
limitation, to continue prosecution and maintenance for IURTC’s sole use 
and benefit, to license or to abandon the patent applications or patents.
 
9.7 Spotlight and IURTC agree that the Patent Rights will be extended by 
all means provided by U.S. or foreign law or regulation, including without 
limitation extensions provided under U.S. law at 35 U.S.C. §154(b) and 156, 
and foreign supplementary protection certificates. Spotlight hereby agrees 
to provide IURTC with all necessary assistance in securing such extension, 
including without limitation, providing all information regarding 
applications for regulatory approval, approvals granted, and the timing of 
same. Spotlight acknowledges that extension under 35 U.S.C. §156 must be 
applied for within sixty (60) days of the date that a Licensed Product 
receives permission under the provision of law under which the applicable 
regulatory review period occurred for commercial marketing or use, and that 
Spotlight’s failure to promptly provide the necessary information or 
assistance to IURTC during such sixty day period will cause serious injury 
to IURTC, for which Spotlight will be liable at law. The Parties will also 
cooperate in selecting the Licensed Product each supplementary protection 
certificate referencing the Patent Rights will list.
 
 
14
 
 
10 Third Party Infringement:
 
10.1 Spotlight will give prompt written notice to IURTC of any known or 
suspected infringement of the Patent Rights after which Spotlight at its 
sole expense may attempt to abate any infringement of the Patent Rights in 
the Field and the Territory. Upon receipt of IURTC’s written consent, such 
consent not to be unreasonably withheld, Spotlight may initiate and 
prosecute actions in IURTC’s name against third parties for infringement 
and/or unfair trade practices through outside counsel of its choice which 
is reasonably acceptable to IURTC. Spotlight will consult with IURTC prior 
to and in conjunction with all significant issues regarding such action 
including without limitation settlement thereof, will keep IURTC informed 
of all proceedings, and will provide copies to IURTC of all pleadings, 
legal analyses, and other papers related to such actions. IURTC will 
provide reasonable assistance to Spotlight in prosecuting any such actions 
and will be compensated by Spotlight, including without limitation for its 
reasonable out-of-pocket expenses, which IURTC will only be required to 
expend if Spotlight has approved same for reimbursement. Absent IURTC’s and 
BWH’s prior written consent, Spotlight will not settle or compromise any 
claim or action in a manner that grants rights or concessions to a third 
party to the Patent Rights or a Licensed Product or admits the fault of or 
creates any obligation on IURTC, IU, BWH, or any Inventor.
 
10.2 Any damages paid (including without limitation statutory damages, 
compensatory damages, lost profits damages, exemplary damages, increased 
damages, and awards of costs and attorney fees) will first be applied to 
reimbursement of Spotlight’s reasonable costs, expenses, and legal fees, 
including without limitation amounts Spotlight has reimbursed or must 
reimburse to IURTC. The remaining balance of such damages will be 
distributed [***].
 
10.3 If Spotlight fails or declines to take any action under Paragraph 10.1 
within a reasonable time after learning of third party infringement or 
unfair trade practices, IURTC will have the right, but not the obligation, 
to take appropriate actions against any such third party at its sole 
expense and to retain all recovered damages. In such instances, Spotlight 
will cooperate as requested by IURTC, including without limitation joining 
in an action and will be reimbursed by IURTC for its reasonable and 
documented out-of-pocket expenses, which Spotlight will only be required to 
expend if IURTC has approved same for reimbursement.
 
11 Indemnification:
 
11.1 Spotlight will indemnify, defend, and hold harmless IURTC, the 
Institutions, their respective affiliates, Board of Directors, trustees, 
employees, faculty, staff, students, Inventors, successors, heirs, assigns, 
independent contractors, and agents (collectively, “IURTC Indemnitees”) 
from and against any and all judgments, liabilities, losses, damages, 
actions, claims, costs, or expenses (including without limitation all 
attorney fees and costs incurred by IURTC Indemnitees) (collectively, 
“Losses”) arising out of or relating to the exercise of any rights conveyed 
under this Agreement and/or by Sublicense, breach of any term or condition 
under this Agreement and/or Sublicense, and/or the negligence, willful 
malfeasance, and/or willful misconduct by Spotlight and/or Affiliates, 
successors, assigns, or Sublicensees, including without limitation:
 
      11.1.1 The use of any Patent Rights, including without limitation, in
      the design, development, production, manufacture, sale, offer for
      sale, use, importation, exportation, lease, marketing, or promotion
      of any Licensed Product;
       
      11.1.2 Product liability, injury or death to any person, damage to
      property, or any injury to business, including without limitation,
      business interruption or damage to reputation, arising out of and/or
      relating to the use of the Patent Rights or a Licensed Product; and
 
 
15
 
 
      11.1.3 Any third party claim that any use of Confidential Information
      or licensing of the Patent Rights, or development, provision, or use
      of Licensed Products violates or infringes a third party’s
      intellectual property rights;
       
      except to the extent of the Losses that are solely attributable to
      the breach, negligence, recklessness, willful malfeasance, or willful
      misconduct of IURTC.
 
11.2 Spotlight at its sole expense will defend third party claims. 
Spotlight will have the right to conduct the defense of such actions 
through outside counsel of its choice which is reasonably acceptable to 
IURTC and BWH. Spotlight will consult with IURTC and BWH prior to and in 
conjunction with all significant issues, will keep IURTC and BWH informed 
of all proceedings, and will provide copies to IURTC and BWH of all 
pleadings, legal analyses, and other papers related to such actions. IURTC 
will provide reasonable assistance to Spotlight in defending any such 
actions, and IURTC Indemniteeswill have the right to retain its own 
counsel, at the expense of Spotlight, if representation of such Indemnitees 
by counsel retained by Spotlight would be inappropriate because of actual 
or potential differences in the interests of such Indemnitees and any other 
party represented by such counsel. Spotlight will not settle or compromise 
any claim or action in a manner that admits the fault of, imposes 
restrictions, or creates obligations on IURTC Indemnitees or requires any 
financial payment or admission of liability by IURTC Indemnitees. Spotlight 
will consult with IURTC and BWH prior to any proposed settlement.
 
11.3 If Spotlight fails to defend a claim or action within twenty (20) days 
of learning of the same, in addition to and not in lieu of other rights and 
remedies, IURTC may assume the defense for the account of and at the risk 
of Spotlight, and any resulting liability, including attorney fees, will be 
deemed conclusively to be a liability of Spotlight. Spotlight’s failure or 
refusal to act is a material breach of this Agreement.
 
12 Insurance:
 
12.1 Commencing on the Effective Date, Spotlight will maintain insurance 
that is reasonably sufficient to fulfill its obligations under this 
Agreement, including without limitation workers’ compensation insurance 
with statutory limits as required by law; commercial general liability 
insurance with coverage of not less than [***] for any single occurrence 
and [***] in the aggregate. Upon commencing human testing or sales, 
Spotlight will maintain product liability insurance that is reasonably 
sufficient to fulfill its obligations under this Agreement, but not less 
than [***] for any single occurrence and [***] in the aggregate. In 
connection with the conduct of any clinical testing, Spotlight will 
maintain professional liability insurance (errors and omissions) that is 
reasonably sufficient to fulfill its obligations under this Agreement, but 
not less than [***] for any single occurrence and [***] in the aggregate. 
Upon commencement of coverage (as required above) and thereafter annually 
upon renewal, Spotlight will provide IURTC and BWH with written evidence of 
insurance. Such insurance will list IURTC Indemnitees as an additional 
insured. All policies will be endorsed to indicate that they provide 
primary coverage without right of contribution by any insurance carrier or 
self-insured by IURTC Indemnitees. A waiver of subrogation in favor of the 
Indemnitees will also be endorsed to the policies. If such coverage is not 
written on an “occurrence” basis (i.e., it is written on a “claims made” 
basis), Spotlight will maintain such insurance coverage during the term of 
this Agreement and for five (5) years thereafter. For purposes of this 
Paragraph 12.1, references to “Spotlight” will include any Affiliates 
extended rights under Paragraph 3.2 and Sublicensees.
 
 
16
 
 
12.2 Beginning at such time as any such product, process or service is 
being commercially distributed, sold, leased or otherwise transferred, or 
performed or used (other than for the purpose of obtaining regulatory 
approvals), by Spotlight, Affiliates extended rights under Paragraph 3.2 or 
Sublicensees, Spotlight will, at its sole cost and expense, procure and 
maintain commercial general liability insurance in amounts not less than 
[***] per incident and [***] annual aggregate and naming the IURTC 
Indemnitees as additional insureds. Such commercial general liability 
insurance will provide (i) product liability coverage and (ii) broad form 
contractual liability coverage for Spotlight’s indemnification under 
Article 11 of this Agreement. [***]. The minimum amounts of insurance 
coverage required under this Paragraph 12.2 will not be construed to create 
a limit of Spotlight’s liability with respect to its indemnification under 
Article 11 of this Agreement.
 
12.3 Spotlight will provide IURTC and BWH with written evidence of such 
insurance upon request of IURTC and/or BWH. Spotlight will provide IURTC 
and BWH with written notice at least thirty (30) days prior to the 
cancellation, non-renewal or material change in such insurance; if 
Spotlight does not obtain replacement insurance providing comparable 
coverage prior to the expiration of such thirty (30) day period, IURTC will 
have the right to terminate this Agreement effective at the end of such 
thirty (30) day period without notice or any additional waiting periods.
 
12.4 Spotlight will maintain such commercial general liability insurance 
beyond the termination of this Agreement during (i) the period that any 
such product, process, or service is being commercially distributed, sold, 
leased or otherwise transferred, or performed or used (other than for the 
purpose of obtaining regulatory approvals), by Spotlight or by a 
Sublicensee, Affiliates extended rights under Paragraph 3.2 or agent of 
Spotlight and (ii) a reasonable period after the period referred to in 
Paragraph 12.4 (i) above which in no event will be less than fifteen (15) 
years.
 
13 Termination:
 
13.1 Spotlight may terminate this Agreement with or without cause on ninety 
(90) days advance written notice to IURTC. The rights granted by IURTC 
herein, including without limitation in Article 3, will terminate and 
automatically revert to IURTC at the end of the 90-day period.
 
13.2 Time is of the essence for Spotlight to develop Licensed Products and 
make payments and reports theron. The fee stated in Paragraph 5.1 and the 
reimbursement of past patent costs under Paragraph 9.3 are due within 
thirty (30) days after the Effective Date, and if such payments are not 
received by IURTC thereby, this Agreement is null, void, and without 
effect.
 
13.3 IURTC may terminate this Agreement in whole or in part on sixty (60) 
days advance written notice to Spotlight upon Spotlight’s breach of this 
Agreement, including without limitation for:
 
      13.3.1 Failure to timely pay any fee, royalty, or other payment
      required, including without limitation, those due under Article 5,
      Paragraph 6.3, Article 9, or Paragraph 10.2, and including without
      limitation any interest on and fees and costs attributable to the
      collection of late payments under Paragraph 6.4;
 
 
17
 
 
      13.3.2 Failure to timely provide reports or notices, including
      without limitation, those due under Paragraphs 3.2, 3.3, 4.1, 6.2, or
      14.1;
       
      13.3.3 Failure to keep accurate and completed books and records under
      Paragraph 6.3;
       
      13.3.4 Failure to obtain, maintain, or timely report levels of
      insurance under Article 12;
       
      13.3.5 Failure to include all required terms in Sublicenses or
      inclusion of any terms prohibited under Paragraph 3.3;
       
      13.3.6 Failure to indemnify IURTC Indemnitees or properly inform or
      involve IURTC under Article 11; and
       
      13.3.7 Breach of Spotlight’s representations or warranties under
      Paragraph 8.2.
 
13.4 To the extent not prohibited by applicable law, Spotlight agrees that 
in the event Spotlight by its own actions or the action of any of its 
shareholders or creditors files or has filed against it, with an order for 
relief being entered, a case under the U.S. Bankruptcy Code of 1978, as 
previously or hereafter amended, IURTC will be entitled to relief from the 
automatic stay of Section 362 of Title 11 of the U.S. Code, as amended, on 
or against the exercise of the rights and remedies available to IURTC. 
Spotlight hereby waives the benefits of such automatic stay and consents 
and agrees to raise no objection to such relief. Spotlight further agrees 
that IURTC, at its sole discretion, may immediately terminate this 
Agreement by means of a written notice to Spotlight in the event that a 
creditor or other claimant takes possession of, or a receiver, 
administrator, or similar officer is appointed over any of the assets of 
Spotlight, or in the event that Spotlight makes any voluntary arrangement 
with its creditors or becomes subject to any court or administration order 
under any U.S. bankruptcy proceedings or insolvency law. Spotlight will 
promptly inform IURTC of its intention to file a voluntary petition in 
bankruptcy or of another’s communicated intention to file a voluntary 
petition in bankruptcy.
 
13.5 As of the date of termination of this Agreement by either Party for 
any reason under the terms herein, including expiration of the Term, all 
rights granted by IURTC will terminate and automatically revert to IURTC. 
Upon termination other than through expiration of this Agreement, Spotlight 
agrees not to practice or permit another to practice the Patent Rights. All 
terms and conditions herein that, by their express terms or by implication, 
are to be performed after the termination of this Agreement or are 
prospective in nature will survive termination, as the case may be, 
including without limitation the provisions in Articles 5, 6, 7, 8, 11, and 
12 and Spotlight’s obligations to pay fees, royalties, or other payments 
and patent expenses accruing prior thereto. Articles 11 and 12 will survive 
expiration of this Agreement.
 
13.6 Upon termination of this Agreement, Spotlight will promptly notify its 
Affiliates extended rights under Paragraph 3.2 and Sublicensees of such 
termination. Any rights previously granted by Spotlight under Paragraphs 
3.2 and 3.3 will be automatically revoked thirty (30) days following the 
effective date of termination of this Agreement. However, any Sublicensee 
in compliance with its Sublicense and evidencing to IURTC its ability to 
meet the requirements of Article 4 and Paragraph 3.5 has the right to enter 
into a written license agreement with IURTC before its Sublicense is 
revoked, through which such Sublicensee will become bound to IURTC on 
substantially the same terms and conditions, including without limitation 
financial terms, as Sublicensee was bound to Spotlight under the 
Sublicense, but only to the extent that each financial term is no less 
favorable to IURTC than those set forth in Article 5 and Paragraph 9.4, and 
provided that the Sublicense does not impose any obligations on IURTC in 
excess of those imposed under this Agreement. If any Sublicensee desires to 
enter into such a license agreement, it will be wholly the responsibility 
of that Sublicensee to notify IURTC of such desire within thirty (30) days 
after the effective date of termination of this Agreement. IURTC hereby 
agrees to enter into such written license agreement, with modifications 
negotiated in good faith as is reasonably necessary to accommodate the 
functional and structural differences between Spotlight and IURTC. Time is 
of the essence for a Sublicensee to provide notice of its desire for such 
license and to negotiate in good faith in a timely manner to effectuate a 
license. Failure of a Sublicensee to timely provide such notice or enter 
into such license will automatically result in the termination of the 
Sublicense and all rights granted thereunder or hereunder, including but 
not limited to IURTC’s obligation to enter into such license with 
Sublicensee.
 
 
18
 
 
14 Assignment of this Agreement:
 
14.1 This Agreement will not be assigned, in whole or in part, by either 
Party to any third party without the written consent of the non-assigning 
Party. Such consent will not be unreasonably withheld. However, Spotlight 
may assign this entire Agreement to a third party that acquires [***], 
through merger, sale, acquisition, or other similar transaction, provided 
that:
 
      14.1.1 Spotlight is not in breach of this Agreement in any respect;
       
      14.1.2 Spotlight demonstrates to IURTC’s satisfaction that the
      successor has or is likely to acquire capital and manpower resources
      sufficient to fulfill the obligations it is assuming hereunder and
      the expertise to meet its requirements under Article 4; and
       
      14.1.3 The successor agrees in writing (with a copy sent to IURTC
      within ten (10) days of the effective date of the assignment) to
      assume all obligations and liabilities of Spotlight to IURTC.
 
14.2 The rights granted in this Agreement may not be encumbered, pledged, 
or hypothecated in any way by Spotlight or any Sublicensee, including 
without limitation to secure any purchase, lease, or loan. Any conveyance 
in contravention with the terms and conditions of this Agreement is null 
and void.
 
14.3 This Agreement is binding on the Parties and their respective 
successors and assigns and inures to the benefit of the Parties and their 
respective permitted successors and permitted assigns.
 
15 Notice:
 
15.1 Any required or permissive notice under this Agreement will be 
sufficient if in writing and delivered personally, by recognized national 
overnight courier, or by registered or certified mail, postage prepaid and 
return receipt requested, to the address below and will be deemed to have 
been given as of the date shown on the receipt if by certified or 
registered mail, or the day following dispatch if by overnight courier.
 
           If to IURTC:
            
           Vice President
           Office of Technology Commercialization
           Attn: IURTC Agreement Number [***]
           Indiana University Research and Technology Corporation
           518 Indiana Ave.
           Indianapolis, IN 46202
 
 
19
 
 
           If to Spotlight:
           President
           Spotlight Innovation Inc.
           6750 Westown Pkwy Ste 200-226
           West Des Moines, IA 50266
 
15.2 For the convenience of the Parties in administering this Agreement, 
the Parties may direct inquiries as follows:
 
If to IURTC:
If to Spotlight:
Patent prosecution
[***]
geoffrey.laff@spotlightinnovation.com
Patent cost reimbursement
[***]
geoffrey.laff@spotlightinnovation.com
Financial consideration
[***]
geoffrey.laff@spotlightinnovation.com
 
16 General Provisions:
 
16.1 This Agreement will be construed, interpreted, and applied according 
to the laws of Indiana, without regard to its or any other jurisdiction’s 
conflicts of laws provisions. Spotlight agrees that all claims, disputes, 
or controversies arising under or relating to this Agreement, including 
without limitation those concerning the validity, construction, or scope of 
any of the Patent Rights that are not barred by sovereign immunity will be 
subject to the exclusive jurisdiction and venue of the state or Federal 
District Court seated in Marion County, Indiana. Neither Party waives its 
right to seek reimbursement of documented attorney fees in any action to 
enforce this Agreement.
 
16.2 No waiver of any breach of this Agreement will constitute a waiver of 
any other breach of the same or any other provision of this Agreement, and 
no waiver will be effective unless made in writing by the Party against 
whom the waiver is sought to be asserted. The delay or failure to assert a 
right or to insist upon compliance with any term or condition of this 
Agreement will not constitute a waiver of that right or excuse a similar 
subsequent failure to perform any such term or condition.
 
16.3 The Parties acknowledge that they have read this Agreement in its 
entirety and agree that this instrument comprises the entire agreement, 
contract, and understanding of the Parties on the subject matter of this 
Agreement. The Parties acknowledge that invoices, purchase orders, or other 
mechanisms for administering any payment or obligation set forth herein 
will not contain terms and conditions separate from, in addition to, and/or 
in conflict with this Agreement, and that any such terms, if present, will 
be void and without effect and will not be enforceable by either Party. The 
Parties had an opportunity to be advised by counsel of their choosing and 
as such the clauses of this Agreement will not be strictly construed 
against the drafter.
 
 
20
 
 
16.4 Spotlight agrees to register and give required notice concerning this 
Agreement, at its expense, in each country where an obligation exists under 
law to so register or give notice. This Agreement cannot be changed, 
modified, or amended except by a written instrument subscribed by 
authorized representatives of the respective Parties.
 
16.5 Neither Party is an agent, employer, employee, partner, joint 
venturer, or contractor of the other as a result of this Agreement. The 
representations, warranties, covenants, and undertakings contained in this 
Agreement are for the sole benefit of the Parties and their permitted 
successors and permitted assigns and will not be construed as conferring 
any rights on any third party. Neither Party may in any way pledge the 
other Party’s credit or incur any obligation on behalf of or bind the other 
Party on its behalf.
 
16.6 The provisions of this Agreement are severable in that if any 
provision in this Agreement is finally determined by a court of competent 
jurisdiction to be invalid or unenforceable, such invalidity or 
non-enforceability will not in any way affect the validity or 
enforceability of the remaining provisions or the validity or 
enforceability of such provision in any jurisdiction where valid and 
enforceable. Any invalid or unenforceable provision will be reformed by the 
Parties to effectuate their intent as evidenced on the Effective Date.
 
16.7 Spotlight agrees that in the event a faculty or staff member of the 
Institutions serves Spotlight in the capacity of consultant, officer, 
employee, board member, advisor, or other designation, under contract or 
otherwise, such faculty or staff member is subject to compliance with the 
Institution’s conflict of interest and conflict of commitment policies, 
including without limitation the obligation to complete a disclosure 
therefor, will serve solely in his or her individual capacity, as an 
independent contractor, and not as an agent or representative of IURTC or 
the Institutions, that IURTC or the Institutions exercises no authority or 
control over such faculty or staff member while acting in such capacity, 
that IURTC and the Institutions receive no benefit from such activity, and 
that IURTC and the Institutions assume no liability or obligation in 
connection with any such work or service undertaken by such faculty or 
staff member. Spotlight further agrees that any breach, error, act, or 
omission by such faculty or staff member acting in the capacity set forth 
above in this Paragraph will not be imputed or otherwise attributed to 
IURTC or the Institutions, including without limitation to constitute a 
breach by IURTC of this Agreement.
 
16.8 This Agreement may be executed in counterparts, each of which will be 
deemed an original and all of which when taken together will be deemed one 
instrument.
 
Witness: The Parties have caused this valid and binding agreement to be 
executed by their duly qualified representatives as of the Effective Date.
 
Spotlight:
IURTC:
Signature
Marie C. Kerbeshian, Ph.D.
Name
Vice President
Office of Technology Commercialization
Title
Date
Date
 
21