 EX-10.16 8 d253212dex1016.htm EX-10.16
Exhibit 10.16

LICENSE AGREEMENT

by and between

HILTON WORLDWIDE HOLDINGS INC.

and

HILTON GRAND VACATIONS INC.

Dated as of

------------------------------------------------------------------------
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
  	  	  	   	Page 	 
 ARTICLE I LICENSES
   	  	1 	  
   Section 1.1.
  	Trademark License 	   	  	1 	  
   Section 1.2.
  	Content License 	   	  	2 	  
   Section 1.3.
  	Software Licenses 	   	  	2 	  
   Section 1.4.
  	Data Access 	   	  	2 	  
   Section 1.5.
  	Marketing Rights 	   	  	2 	  
   Section 1.6.
  	Brand Displays 	   	  	2 	  
 ARTICLE II EXCLUSIVITY AND RESERVED RIGHTS
   	  	2 	  
   Section 2.1.
  	[Intentionally Omitted] 	   	  	2 	  
   Section 2.2.
  	Exclusivity 	   	  	2 	  
   Section 2.3.
  	Licensor’s Reserved Rights 	   	  	3 	  
   Section 2.4.
  	Licensee’s Reserved Rights 	   	  	4 	  
   Section 2.5.
  	Similar Lines of Business 	   	  	4 	  
   Section 2.6.
  	Licensor Transactions 	   	  	4 	  
 ARTICLE III FEES
   	  	5 	  
   Section 3.1.
  	Royalty Fees 	   	  	5 	  
   Section 3.2.
  	Additional Fees 	   	  	6 	  
   Section 3.3.
  	Other Costs 	   	  	6 	  
   Section 3.4.
  	Reimbursement 	   	  	6 	  
   Section 3.5.
  	Licensee Forecasts 	   	  	6 	  
   Section 3.6.
  	Making of Payments 	   	  	7 	  
   Section 3.7.
  	Interest on Late Payments 	   	  	7 	  
   Section 3.8.
  	Currency and Taxes 	   	  	7 	  
 ARTICLE IV TERM
   	  	7 	  
   Section 4.1.
  	Initial Term 	   	  	7 	  
   Section 4.2.
  	Extension Term; Tail Period 	   	  	7 	  
 ARTICLE V EXISTING AND NEW PROJECTS
   	  	8 	  
   Section 5.1.
  	Existing Projects 	   	  	8 	  
   Section 5.2.
  	New Projects 	   	  	8 	  
   Section 5.3.
  	Undeveloped Parcels 	   	  	9 	  
   Section 5.4.
  	Projects at Third-Party Hotels 	   	  	9 	  
 
i

------------------------------------------------------------------------
  	  	  	   	Page 	 
   Section 5.5.
  	Future Franchise and Management Agreements 	   	  	9 	  
   Section 5.6.
  	Vacation Ownership Properties at Licensor Lodging Properties 	   	  	9 	
  
   Section 5.7.
  	Limitations on Licensed Business; Compliance with Contracts 	   	  	10 	
  
   Section 5.8.
  	Delegation; Sublicensing 	   	  	10 	  
   Section 5.9.
  	Limited Lodging Operations by Licensee 	   	  	11 	  
 ARTICLE VI SOURCING
   	  	11 	  
   Section 6.1.
  	Sourcing 	   	  	11 	  
 ARTICLE VII LICENSOR BRAND IDENTITY GUIDELINES; STANDARDS; LOYALTY PROGRAM
   	  	11 	  
   Section 7.1.
  	Licensor Brand Identity Guidelines 	   	  	11 	  
   Section 7.2.
  	Modified Standards 	   	  	11 	  
   Section 7.3.
  	Loyalty Program Participation 	   	  	12 	  
   Section 7.4.
  	Exclusivity/Licensee Status 	   	  	12 	  
   Section 7.5.
  	Sale of Loyalty Program Points 	   	  	13 	  
   Section 7.6.
  	Use of Loyalty Program Points 	   	  	13 	  
   Section 7.7.
  	Conversion to Loyalty Program Points 	   	  	13 	  
 ARTICLE VIII OPERATIONS
   	  	13 	  
   Section 8.1.
  	Licensee Operations, Brand Standards 	   	  	13 	  
   Section 8.2.
  	Employees 	   	  	13 	  
   Section 8.3.
  	Management and Operation of the Projects 	   	  	14 	  
   Section 8.4.
  	Quality Assurance 	   	  	14 	  
   Section 8.5.
  	Licensed HOAs Not Controlled By Licensee 	   	  	14 	  
   Section 8.6.
  	Employee Discounts 	   	  	15 	  
   Section 8.7.
  	Managers 	   	  	15 	  
 ARTICLE IX LICENSEE OBLIGATIONS
   	  	15 	  
   Section 9.1.
  	Lodging Business 	   	  	15 	  
   Section 9.2.
  	Hilton Competitors 	   	  	15 	  
   Section 9.3.
  	Acquisitions 	   	  	15 	  
   Section 9.4.
  	New Products and Services 	   	  	16 	  
   Section 9.5.
  	Advertising 	   	  	16 	  
   Section 9.6.
  	Sponsorships/Partnerships 	   	  	16 	  
   Section 9.7.
  	Reservations 	   	  	17 	  
   Section 9.8.
  	Diversion 	   	  	17 	  
   Section 9.9.
  	Finances 	   	  	17 	  
 
ii

------------------------------------------------------------------------
  	  	  	   	Page 	 
 ARTICLE X SYSTEMS
   	  	17 	  
   Section 10.1.
  	Systems 	   	  	17 	  
 ARTICLE XI LICENSOR SERVICES
   	  	18 	  
   Section 11.1.
  	Call Center Transfer Services 	   	  	18 	  
   Section 11.2.
  	Other Services 	   	  	18 	  
 ARTICLE XII REPAIRS AND MAINTENANCE
   	  	18 	  
   Section 12.1.
  	Repairs 	   	  	18 	  
 ARTICLE XIII INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY
   	  	18 	  
   Section 13.1.
  	Ownership/New Marks 	   	  	18 	  
   Section 13.2.
  	Licensee’s Use of Licensed IP 	   	  	19 	  
   Section 13.3.
  	Enforcement 	   	  	19 	  
   Section 13.4.
  	Credit Cards 	   	  	20 	  
 ARTICLE XIV CONFIDENTIALITY
   	  	20 	  
   Section 14.1.
  	Confidential Information 	   	  	20 	  
   Section 14.2.
  	Data and Data Security 	   	  	21 	  
 ARTICLE XV ACCOUNTING AND REPORTS
   	  	22 	  
   Section 15.1.
  	Maintenance of Records 	   	  	22 	  
   Section 15.2.
  	Audit 	   	  	22 	  
   Section 15.3.
  	Royalty and Fee Reporting 	   	  	22 	  
 ARTICLE XVI INDEMNIFICATION; INSURANCE
   	  	22 	  
   Section 16.1.
  	Indemnification 	   	  	22 	  
   Section 16.2.
  	Insurance Policies 	   	  	23 	  
   Section 16.3.
  	Insurance Requirements 	   	  	24 	  
   Section 16.4.
  	Licensee’s Obligations 	   	  	24 	  
   Section 16.5.
  	Contribution 	   	  	24 	  
 ARTICLE XVII TRANSFERS
   	  	25 	  
   Section 17.1.
  	By Licensee 	   	  	25 	  
   Section 17.2.
  	By Licensor 	   	  	25 	  
   Section 17.3.
  	By Either Party 	   	  	25 	  
 ARTICLE XVIII BREACH, DEFAULT, AND REMEDIES
   	  	25 	  
   Section 18.1.
  	Deflagging 	   	  	25 	  
   Section 18.2.
  	Termination by Licensor for Bankruptcy by Licensee 	   	  	27 	  
 
iii

------------------------------------------------------------------------
  	  	  	   	Page 	 
   Section 18.3.
  	Termination by Licensor For Breach by Licensee 	   	  	27 	  
   Section 18.4.
  	Termination of Corporate Name Rights 	   	  	28 	  
   Section 18.5.
  	Suspension 	   	  	28 	  
 ARTICLE XIX POST TERMINATION OBLIGATIONS
   	  	28 	  
   Section 19.1.
  	After Termination 	   	  	28 	  
   Section 19.2.
  	Liquidated Damages 	   	  	29 	  
   Section 19.3.
  	Cross-Default 	   	  	29 	  
   Section 19.4.
  	Survival 	   	  	29 	  
 ARTICLE XX COMPLIANCE WITH LAWS
   	  	29 	  
   Section 20.1.
  	Applicable Laws 	   	  	29 	  
   Section 20.2.
  	Notice of Events 	   	  	29 	  
 ARTICLE XXI RELATIONSHIP OF PARTIES
   	  	30 	  
   Section 21.1.
  	Consent Standard 	   	  	30 	  
   Section 21.2.
  	Independent Contractor 	   	  	30 	  
 ARTICLE XXII GOVERNING LAW/DISPUTE RESOLUTION
   	  	30 	  
   Section 22.1.
  	Governing Law 	   	  	30 	  
   Section 22.2.
  	Negotiation 	   	  	30 	  
   Section 22.3.
  	Mediation 	   	  	30 	  
   Section 22.4.
  	Arbitration 	   	  	30 	  
 ARTICLE XXIII NOTICES
   	  	31 	  
 ARTICLE XXIV MISCELLANEOUS
   	  	32 	  
   Section 24.1.
  	Complete Agreement; Construction 	   	  	32 	  
   Section 24.2.
  	Counterparts 	   	  	32 	  
   Section 24.3.
  	Amendment 	   	  	32 	  
   Section 24.4.
  	Third Party Beneficiaries 	   	  	32 	  
   Section 24.5.
  	Title and Headings 	   	  	32 	  
   Section 24.6.
  	Severability 	   	  	32 	  
   Section 24.7.
  	Interpretation 	   	  	32 	  
   Section 24.8.
  	No Waiver 	   	  	32 	  
   Section 24.9.
  	Cumulative Remedies 	   	  	32 	  
   Section 24.10.
  	Force Majeure 	   	  	32 	  
 
iv

------------------------------------------------------------------------
  	  	  	   	Page 	 
 ARTICLE XXV WARRANTIES
   	  	33 	  
   Section 25.1.
  	By Each Party 	   	  	33 	  
   Section 25.2.
  	Disclaimer 	   	  	33 	  
   Section 25.3.
  	Limitation on Damages 	   	  	33 	  

LIST OF EXHIBITS
 
Exhibit A 	   	Definitions
Exhibit B 	   	Operating Guidelines
Exhibit C 	   	Licensed Marks
Exhibit D 	   	Excluded Products and Services
Exhibit E 	   	Licensee Products and Services
Exhibit F 	   	Properties Under Development
Exhibit G 	   	Non-Licensed Existing Projects
Exhibit H 	   	Excluded Fractional Vacation Club Services
Exhibit I 	   	Existing Vacation Ownership Properties
Exhibit J 	   	Undeveloped Real Estate Parcels
Exhibit K 	   	Approved Mixed-Use Development New Properties
Exhibit L 	   	Approved Subcontracting and Delegation Agreements
Exhibit M     	   	Existing Marketing Agreements for Licensed Exchange 
Program
 
v

------------------------------------------------------------------------
HGV LICENSE AGREEMENT

This HGV LICENSE AGREEMENT dated as of                      2016 (the “
Effective Date”), by and between Hilton Worldwide Holdings Inc., a Delaware 
corporation (“Licensor and Hilton Grand Vacations Inc., a Delaware 
corporation (“Licensee”). Each of Licensor and Licensee is referred to 
herein as a “Party” and collectively, as the “Parties.”


W I T N E S S E T H:

WHEREAS, Licensor, Park Hotels & Resorts Inc., a Delaware corporation (“
PHRI”) and Licensee entered into that certain Distribution Agreement, dated 
as of                      (the “Distribution Agreement”), pursuant to 
which Licensor will be separated into three independent, publicly traded 
companies; and

WHEREAS, Licensor, directly or indirectly, owns the Licensed IP and 
possesses the Hilton Data (as defined herein) and Licensee wishes to use 
the Licensed IP and Hilton Data in its Vacation Ownership Business after 
the Effective Date, and Licensor is willing to grant Licensee such a 
license on the terms and conditions herein.

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing and the mutual agreements 
and covenants contained in this Agreement, the Parties hereby agree as 
follows:


ARTICLE I

LICENSES

Section 1.1. Trademark License.

(a) Subject to the terms and conditions herein, during the Term, Licensor 
hereby grants to Licensee a license to use the Licensed Marks as Trademarks 
in the Territory in connection with the current and future operation of the 
Licensed Vacation Ownership Business. Such license shall be exclusive for 
the Term. For clarity, (i) the above license covers only the exact Licensed 
Marks, and Licensee may not use the term “Hilton” standing alone or, except 
as permitted by the Licensor Brand Identity Guidelines any variations, 
derivatives, abbreviations or stylizations of the Licensed Marks, in each 
case, without Licensor’s prior written consent, and (ii) the above 
exclusivity means that, during the Term, Licensor will not use (or allow 
others to use) the Licensed Marks in connection with the Licensed Vacation 
Ownership Business.

(b) Without the prior written consent of Licensor, Licensee shall not (i) 
bid for, purchase, register or use the term “Hilton” or any other Trademark 
owned by Licensor or its Subsidiaries as or as part of any key word, ad 
word, metatag or similar device designed to attract viewers or users in 
online, social, mobile or other media or (ii) link to or frame any website, 
online, social or mobile media property or venue of Licensor that Licensee 
is not already linking to or framing as of the Effective Date, regardless 
of whether the foregoing constitutes trademark use under applicable Laws.

(c) Licensee hereby grants to Licensor and its Subsidiaries a non-exclusive 
sublicense during the Term to (i) use the Licensed Marks and (ii) use and 
exercise the intellectual property rights in the Licensed Content, in each 
case, to the extent necessary to advertise and promote the Licensed 
Vacation Ownership Business on Licensee’s behalf during the Term. Licensee 
may further sublicense the above license in connection with the foregoing.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Section 1.2. Content License. Subject to the terms and conditions herein, 
during the Term, Licensor hereby grants to Licensee a license to use, 
reproduce, distribute, perform and display the Licensed Content in the 
Territory solely in connection with the current and future operation of the 
Licensed Vacation Ownership Business. Such license shall be exclusive for 
the Noncompetition Term and non-exclusive for the remainder of the Term. 
Licensee may modify Licensed Content for format or technical reasons, but 
may not make substantive or artistic changes thereto, without Licensor’s 
prior written consent.

Section 1.3. Software Licenses.

(a) Licensor hereby at its option (i) grants to Licensee a non-exclusive 
sublicense or (ii) agrees to cause an Affiliate to grant to Licensee a 
non-exclusive license, in each case, during the Term to use the Licensed 
Software in connection with the Licensed Vacation Ownership Business. 
Licensee shall comply with all terms and conditions of the applicable 
license or sublicense (which shall be equivalent in all material respects 
to the then-current version of the Hilton Information Technology System 
Agreement) in connection with such use.

(b) Licensor hereby grants to Licensee the non-exclusive right during the 
Term to access the Licensed System and provide the Licensed System with 
information as to the current inventory of vacant rooms at Licensed 
Vacation Ownership Properties.

Section 1.4. Data Access. Subject to the terms and conditions herein, 
Licensor hereby grants to Licensee the rights to use the Hilton Data as set 
forth in Section 14.2(b).

Section 1.5. Marketing Rights. Subject to the terms and conditions herein, 
during the Noncompetition Term, Licensor hereby grants to Licensee the 
right to market the Licensed Vacation Ownership Business at Licensor’s 
corporate-level advertising channels, including websites and social media 
properties (but not the channels of individual Hilton-branded properties). 
Such right is exclusive, meaning that during the Noncompetition Term, 
Licensor will not allow any other Person to market a Vacation Ownership 
Business through such channels.

Section 1.6. Brand Displays. Licensor acknowledges and agrees that during 
the Noncompetition Term, Licensor shall, wherever legally permissible, 
include (i) the Licensed Mark “Hilton Grand Vacations” on its brand bar, 
and similar displays where Licensor advertises all of the Hilton Marks for 
the Licensor Lodging Business and (ii) inventory of transient rentals for 
the Licensed Vacation Ownership Properties in all proprietary and 
third-party advertising venues that list such inventory for the Licensor 
Lodging Business, in each case, in the same manner and quality Licensor 
provided prior to the Effective Date of this Agreement.


ARTICLE II

EXCLUSIVITY AND RESERVED RIGHTS

Section 2.1. [Intentionally Omitted].

Section 2.2. Exclusivity.

(a) Until December 31, 2046 (the “Initial Noncompetition Term”), Licensor 
will not: (x) engage or license any Person to engage in the Vacation 
Ownership Business worldwide under any Trademark; (y) use or license any 
Person to use the Licensed IP or Hilton Data in connection with the 
Vacation Ownership Business; and/or (z) allow any Person engaged in the 
Vacation Ownership Business, other than Licensee, to participate in the 
Loyalty Program.
 
2

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(b) The Initial Noncompetition Term shall be extended for additional 
10-year terms (each 10-year term, a “Renewal Noncompetition Term” and 
together with the Initial Noncompetition Term, the “Noncompetition Term”), 
if Licensee satisfies the criteria in either clause (i) or (ii) below in 
calendar year 2046 (or the final calendar year of any Renewal 
Noncompetition Term) (each, a “Measuring Year”):

(i) Licensee’s Gross Revenues in a Measuring Year must be equal to or 
greater than 80% of $1,493,000,000 USD (Licensee’s 2016 projected Gross 
Revenues) as inflated to such Measuring Year dollars by the CPI Adjustment. 
For example, if Licensee had 2016 Gross Revenues of $100 USD, and that 
translated into $300 in projected Gross Revenues in 2046 due to CPI 
Adjustments, Licensee’s minimum 2046 revenue to renew the Noncompetition 
Term until December 31, 2056 would be $240; or

(ii) Licensee must generate the sum of the Gross Sales Price and Fee For 
Services Sales Price in a Measuring Year that rank first, second or third 
among Vacation Ownership Business worldwide, based on revenues disclosed in 
audited financial reports for such Measuring Year (or a comparable 
mutually-agreed metric, if such annual contract sales are no longer 
publicly reported).

(c) If Licensee does not satisfy clause (i) or (ii) during a Measuring 
Year, Licensee may retain the Noncompetition Term for one year terms by 
paying Licensor 5% of the shortfall between Licensee’s actual Gross 
Revenues for the Measuring Year and 100% of Licensee’s projected Gross 
Revenues for the Measuring Year as set forth in clause (i) (each, a “
Shortfall Payment”). The Shortfall Payment shall be due within 30 days 
after the end of the Measuring Year. For example, if Licensee had 2016 
Gross Revenues of $100, and that translated into $300 in projected Gross 
Revenues in 2046 due to CPI Adjustments, and Licensee’s Gross Revenues were 
$220 in 2046, that would be a shortfall of $80, and Licensee would submit a 
Shortfall Payment of $80 times 5% for the Royalty, or $4.

(d) Licensee shall be allowed a maximum of five consecutive Shortfall 
Payments during any Renewal Noncompetition Term, with no carryover of 
unused Shortfall Payments into the next Renewal Noncompetition Term. If 
during any year of noncompetition afforded by a Shortfall Payment, Licensee 
satisfies clause (i) or (ii), the Noncompetition Term shall be extended by 
a 10-year Renewal Noncompetition Term beginning at the end of the prior 
Measuring Year. For example, if Licensee’s Gross Revenues are $220 in 2046, 
Licensee would make the above $4 Shortfall Payment for 2046, and if in 2047 
Licensee’s Gross Revenues meet the target, the Noncompetition Term would 
renew until December 31, 2056. If after five consecutive Shortfall 
Payments, Licensee fails to satisfy clauses (i) or (ii), the Noncompetition 
Term expires on December 31st in the year in which the last Shortfall 
Payment was made.

(e) If the Noncompetition Term terminates under Section 2.2(a) or Section 
2.6(a), Licensor shall notify Licensee of same in writing. Thereafter, 
Licensee will continue to be bound by its obligations in this Agreement 
including Article IX, but Licensor may (and may assist or allow other 
Persons to) engage in the Vacation Ownership Business in any form and under 
any Trademark (other than “HGV” and “Hilton Grand Vacations”) worldwide for 
the remainder of the Term.

Section 2.3. Licensor’s Reserved Rights. Licensor reserves all rights not 
expressly licensed to Licensee hereunder, including without limitation, the 
right to Operate any business or properties and/or use the Licensed IP and 
Hilton Data in any manner that does not violate Licensee’s exclusive rights 
herein. Licensor may sell, assign or license the Hilton Marks (other than 
the Licensed Marks) without Licensee’s consent, and any acquirer, assignee 
or licensee shall have no obligation to Licensee herein.
 
3

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Section 2.4. Licensee’s Reserved Rights. Licensee reserves the right to 
engage in any activity worldwide not expressly prohibited in this 
Agreement.

Section 2.5. Similar Lines of Business. Licensee may engage in the 
Fractional Vacation Club Business and the Whole Ownership Business, as a 
Separate Operation (or as part of the Licensed Vacation Ownership Business, 
subject to Licensor’s prior written consent), at any time during the Term. 
Licensor may engage in the Fractional Vacation Club Business and the Whole 
Ownership Business at any time during the Term.

Section 2.6. Licensor Transactions.

(a) Notwithstanding Section 2.2(a), if at any time during the 
Noncompetition Term, Licensor merges with or acquires direct or indirect 
Control of a Person that operates a Vacation Ownership Business as well as 
a Lodging Business (in either an equity or asset acquisition), Licensor 
shall use commercially reasonable efforts to allow Licensee to acquire or 
manage such acquired Vacation Ownership Business (the “Acquired Vacation 
Business”) as a Licensed Vacation Ownership Business herein. For the 
avoidance of doubt, Licensor has no obligation to include Licensee in any 
pre-closing discussions or negotiations with the third-party counter-party 
and may elect to present Licensee with the opportunity to acquire or manage 
the Acquired Vacation Business only after closing of the business 
transaction and, in either case, Licensor may proceed with the transaction 
whether or not Licensee acquires or manages the Acquired Vacation Business. 
For the avoidance of doubt, during the Noncompetition Term Licensor may not 
merge with or acquire direct or indirect Control of a Person that operates 
solely a Vacation Ownership Business.

(b) If Licensee does not acquire or manage the acquired Vacation Ownership 
Business: (i) Licensor shall have no further obligations to include 
Licensee in the ownership or management of the Acquired Vacation Business; 
(ii) Licensor may merge its Loyalty Program with the loyalty program of the 
Acquired Vacation Business and, notwithstanding the exclusivity and 
non-competition provisions herein, compete in the Vacation Ownership 
Business using the Hilton IP (but not the Licensed Marks), Hilton Data and 
the Loyalty Program in connection with such Acquired Vacation Business; and 
(iii) during the Noncompetition Term, Licensor shall use Reasonable Best 
Efforts to continue to provide Licensee the Licensed IP and Hilton Data on 
a basis comparable to Licensor’s past practice under this Agreement.

(c) If, on the closing date for the acquisition of the Acquired Vacation 
Business, 90% of all ownership interests, use rights, or other entitlements 
to use overnight accommodations in the Vacation Ownership Properties within 
such business (“Acquired Vacation Property Inventory”) have been sold to 
Persons for their own use such that the Acquired Vacation Property 
Inventory is not being actively marketed, during the Noncompetition Term, 
Licensor shall not use the Hilton Data to sell any newly created Acquired 
Vacation Property Inventory or develop new Vacation Ownership Properties 
under the Acquired Vacation Business unless Licensee is given the right of 
first offer to manage such properties. However, Licensor shall be permitted 
to use the Hilton Data to sell any existing unsold Acquired Vacation 
Property Inventory or existing Acquired Vacation Property Inventory that 
may become available through foreclosure or otherwise comes available to 
Licensor.
 
4

------------------------------------------------------------------------
ARTICLE III

FEES

Section 3.1. Royalty Fees.

(a) (i) Licensee shall pay to Licensor a royalty (the “Royalty”) for the 
rights granted to Licensee under this Agreement in an amount equal to five 
percent (5%) of Gross Revenues.

(ii) Except for the limited exception for Non-Licensed Existing Projects 
below, if Licensee develops Vacation Ownership Properties or acquires 
Vacation Ownership Properties from a Person other than a Hilton Competitor 
and they are not operated as Separate Operations, the Royalty shall apply 
to such Vacation Ownership Properties as if they were Licensed Vacation 
Ownership Properties, even if such properties are not Licensed Vacation 
Ownership Properties. The Royalty shall also apply to all Transient Rental 
Revenue at any Vacation Ownership Properties that use the Licensed IP or 
Hilton Data. For clarity, Licensee shall not owe a Royalty arising out of 
its Vacation Ownership Properties that are operated as Separate Operations.

(iii) If Licensee permits Non-Licensed Existing Projects, or other 
non-licensed Vacation Ownership Properties with which Licensee has entered 
into a Marketing Agreement pursuant to Section 9.6(d), to be exchanged 
pursuant to an arrangement between the Licensed Exchange Program and a 
non-licensed Exchange Program whereby individual owners of the non-licensed 
Vacation Ownership Properties do not have full access to the Loyalty 
Program through the Licensed Exchange Program, then the Royalty shall be 
due only on the applicable Club Revenue portion of the Gross Revenue. If 
Hilton Data is used to market the sale of units at Non-Licensed Existing 
Projects, then the Royalty shall be due on Gross Sales Price, Club Revenue, 
and Marketing Package Revenues.

(b) A sale occurs for Royalty purposes with respect to the initial sale or 
re-sale of an interest in a Licensed Vacation Ownership Property when all 
of the following conditions have been satisfied, regardless of when, or 
whether, any part of the Gross Sales Price or Fee For Services Sales Price 
are actually paid to, or received by or on behalf of, Licensee.

(i) A written agreement (“Purchase Contract”) is executed by a purchaser 
and has been accepted by Licensee pursuant to which such purchaser 
contractually commits to acquire such interest;

(ii) With respect to purchase money financing provided by or through 
Licensee or its Affiliates, if any, such purchaser has duly executed all 
applicable sales and purchase money financing documents in respect of such 
Purchase Contract;

(iii) Such purchaser has duly tendered payment of the full purchase price 
in respect of such Purchase Contract (or full installments thereof in the 
case of purchase money financing, as applicable) by cash, by check which 
has cleared, or by credit card which has been duly processed) to either (x) 
Licensee or its Affiliates or (y) a fiduciary, escrow agent, trustee or 
other independent third-party designated by Licensee or its Affiliates, as 
may be required by applicable Laws;

(iv) All rescission periods applicable to such Purchase Contract have 
expired, without any such right of rescission having been exercised; and
 
5

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(v) All pre-conditions set forth in such Purchase Contract and any legal 
requirements under the applicable Laws in order to close the transaction 
which is the subject of the Purchase Contract as set forth in such Purchase 
Contract shall have been duly satisfied, without the purchaser having 
exercised any right of cancellation afforded such purchaser under the terms 
of such Purchase Contract or under the applicable Laws.

(vi) To the extent that the sale of a Licensed Vacation Ownership Property 
meets (i) through (v) above, but such Licensed Vacation Ownership Property 
has not achieved a Certificate of Occupancy granted by relevant 
municipalities that approve the use by a purchaser of the Licensed Vacation 
Ownership Property, the sale for Royalty purposes will be multiplied by the 
Percentage of Completion. The Percentage of Completion will be calculated 
and applied to such Licensed Vacation Ownership Property each reporting 
period until such time that the Licensed Vacation Ownership Property 
achieves its Certificate of Occupancy, at which time and for all periods 
thereafter, the Percentage of Completion will be 100%.

(c) The Gross Sales Price or Fee For Services Sales Price shall, for 
purposes of calculating the Royalty under Section 3.1(a), exclude the 
amount attributable to a gross up for imputed interest associated with a 
zero percent (0%) or below market interest rate program used in relation to 
financing a purchaser’s acquisition of interests in a Licensed Vacation 
Ownership Property, but only where the Gross Sales Price or Fee For 
Services Sales Price is offered at different amounts to the customers on a 
programmatic basis, depending on the financing or payment terms selected by 
the customer.

Section 3.2. Additional Fees. In addition to the Royalty, Licensee shall 
pay to Licensor:

(a) An annual transition fee for the first five years of the Term of $5 
million per year.

(b) The then-current Loyalty Program fee for eligible guest folios, subject 
to caps in place as of the Effective Date for a period of twenty (20) years 
from the Effective Date. At the end of such twenty (20) year period, the 
caps will be eliminated and Licensee will pay the same Loyalty Program fee 
that is in effect for Licensor Lodging Properties.

Section 3.3. Other Costs. Licensee shall pay Licensor fees covering 
Licensor’s proportionate costs for Licensee’s use of the Licensed Software. 
Licensee shall pay the non-refundable, up-front installation costs (if any) 
for the Licensed Software to be installed at any additional Licensed 
Vacation Ownership Properties, which shall include sales centers that are 
not in existence as of the Effective Date.

Section 3.4. Reimbursement. Licensee shall reimburse Licensor for its costs 
(without profits) that would typically be covered by the Program Fee, 
including marketing campaigns in which Licensee participates under Section 
9.5 or Section 9.6 below or enhancements to the Licensed Software that are 
provided to all of Licensor Lodging Properties, provided that Licensee will 
pay such costs only for services that Licensee uses. Licensee shall also 
reimburse Licensor for all costs associated with Call transfer services, 
GBCS Services used by Licensee, central delivery used by Licensee, third 
party reservation charges, guest assistance services and the handling of 
guest complaints, whether such guests are Loyalty Program members or not.

Section 3.5. Licensee Forecasts. At least one month prior to the end of 
each of Licensor’s fiscal years during the Term, Licensee shall provide to 
Licensor a forecast of its projected Royalties and Gross Revenues 
(separated by the categories in the definition of “Gross Revenues” herein) 
for Licensor’s upcoming fiscal year, and then after each fiscal year 
quarter during the Term, Licensee shall provide to Licensor the actual 
Royalties and Gross Revenues for such prior quarter and an updated rolling 
forecast of outstanding quarterly royalties for the remainder of Licensor’s 
then current fiscal year.
 
6

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Section 3.6. Making of Payments. The Royalty and all additional fees due in 
this Article III shall be paid within thirty (30) days following the end of 
each calendar quarter. All other payments herein shall be made within 
thirty (30) days after receipt of an invoice from Licensor. Licensee shall 
pay via a wire transfer (or other method reasonably designated by Licensor) 
of immediately available funds, pursuant to Licensor’s commercially 
reasonable instructions. All amounts payable to Licensor shall be invoiced 
in U.S. dollars unless Licensor otherwise designates another currency. The 
exchange rate shall be set each month by Licensor as taken from an 
international reporting service. Licensee shall submit to Licensor, within 
eight (8) business days after the end of each month, a statement in the 
form reasonably required by Licensor that includes all Information required 
by Licensor to determine all due payments hereunder, and on a quarterly 
basis, such statement will also aggregate the amounts presented on the 
monthly statement itemizing the various revenue streams to Licensor that 
constitute the Royalty. Such Information is not Licensee’s Confidential 
Information and Licensor may use or disclose it for authorized business 
purposes.

Section 3.7. Interest on Late Payments. If a Party does not make any 
payment due under this Agreement within fourteen (14) days after its due 
date, such Party shall pay interest from the due date until the date of 
payment compounded monthly, at the interest rate of an annual rate equal to 
the lesser of (i) the prime rate (as published by the Wall Street Journal 
or, if no longer published, such other similar source as reasonably 
selected by Licensor) applicable on the date such payment is due and on 
each date thereafter that interest is compounded, plus eight (8) percentage 
points and (ii) the highest rate then permitted by applicable Laws.

Section 3.8. Currency and Taxes. Licensee shall bear and be responsible for 
all taxes, duties and deductions (including any sales, value added, use, 
excise, gross receipts, income, goods and service taxes, stamp or other 
duties, fees, deductions, withholdings or other payments, and including 
penalties and interest as a result of failure to comply) (collectively, “
Taxes”) levied on, deducted or withheld from, or assessed or imposed on any 
payments made by Licensee hereunder. If Licensor or its designee pays any 
such amounts due, then Licensee must reimburse Licensor therefor. Licensee 
shall gross-up all payments herein so that Licensor receives the same 
amount that it would have received if no Taxes were applicable.


ARTICLE IV

TERM

Section 4.1. Initial Term. The term of this Agreement begins on the 
Effective Date and expires on December 31, 2116 (the “Term”).

Section 4.2. Extension Term; Tail Period. For a period of thirty (30) years 
following the Term (if it expires on December 31, 2116 and is not earlier 
terminated) (“Tail Period”), Licensee shall have a non-exclusive license 
(but no obligation) to use the Licensed IP (and a non-exclusive right to 
access and use the Hilton Data and Loyalty Program) in connection with any 
Licensed Vacation Ownership Properties in existence at the end of the Term 
(including any new Licensed Vacation Ownership Properties under development 
and approved by Licensor as of such date), provided that: (i) Licensee 
complies with all terms and conditions herein; (ii) the exclusivity granted 
in Section 2.2(a) (if not earlier terminated) shall immediately terminate 
at the expiration of the Term (not including the Tail Period); and (iii) 
Licensee shall be required to pay the Royalty and other payments due under 
Article III during the Tail Period for so long as such properties use the 
Licensed IP, Hilton Data or Loyalty Program. All other applicable terms and 
conditions of this Agreement, including Licensee’s requirement to pay all 
fees in Article III other than the Royalty, shall be in force during the 
Tail Period.
 
7

------------------------------------------------------------------------
ARTICLE V

EXISTING AND NEW PROJECTS

Section 5.1. Existing Projects. The Vacation Ownership Properties listed on 
Exhibit I to this Agreement shall be deemed “Licensed Vacation Ownership 
Properties” herein.

Section 5.2. New Projects.

(a) If Licensee notifies Licensor that it wishes to develop additional 
Vacation Ownership Properties that use Hilton Marks (other than the 
Licensed Marks) either alone or as co-branding with any Licensed Marks, it 
shall notify Licensor in writing by submitting to Licensor a written 
application that contains all material information with respect thereto. 
Licensor may, in its sole discretion, grant Licensee a license to use such 
additional Trademarks in connection therewith, pursuant to a separate 
agreement or an amendment to this Agreement.

(b) If Licensee notifies Licensor that it wishes to (i) develop or acquire 
additional Vacation Ownership Properties that would use the Licensed Marks 
or (ii) expand the scope or size of an existing Licensed Vacation Ownership 
Property (if such expansion was not included in the original proposal for 
the property approved by Licensor), it shall notify Licensor in writing by 
submitting to Licensor a written application that contains all material 
information with respect thereto. Licensor shall not unreasonably withhold 
its approval for such Vacation Ownership Properties to use the Licensed IP 
and Hilton Data (and upon such approval, such properties shall become 
“Licensed Vacation Ownership Properties” herein) if the proposed additional 
Vacation Ownership Property or proposed expansion to an existing Licensed 
Vacation Ownership Property (each, a “New Property”) and Licensee’s 
intended operation thereof complies with the then-current Standards and 
Agreements and:

(i) the development of the proposed New Property would not breach, or be 
reasonably likely to breach, any applicable Laws or agreement between 
Licensor or its Affiliates, including territorial restrictions or areas of 
protection;

(ii) the proposed New Property will not involve any co-investor that (a) is 
a Hilton Competitor, (b) is known in the community as being of bad moral 
character, (c) has been convicted in any court of a felony or other offense 
that could result in imprisonment for one (1) year or more or a fine or 
penalty of one million dollars ($1,000,000) (as adjusted annually after the 
Effective Date by the CPI Adjustment) or more (or is in Control of or 
Controlled by Persons who have been convicted in any court of felonies or 
such offenses), or (d) is (or has an Affiliate that is) a Blocked Person; 
and

(iii) the proposed New Property is not reasonably likely to harm Licensor, 
the Licensed IP, the Hilton Data or the goodwill associated therewith.

(c) Licensor shall provide the plans and specifications for each New 
Project to Licensor for review and inspection to ensure that they are in 
compliance with this Agreement and the Standards and Agreements. Licensee 
shall pay Licensor a fixed fee for such review. Notwithstanding such review 
and inspection, as between the Parties, Licensee is responsible for 
ensuring that all aspects of each New Project comply with all applicable 
Laws, this Agreement and the Standards and Agreements, and Licensor 
disclaims all liability for any of same.
 
8

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Section 5.3. Undeveloped Parcels.

(a) Licensee has listed on Exhibit J all real estate owned by Licensee that 
have not been developed as of the Effective Date (“Undeveloped Parcels”). 
Licensor hereby approves the Undeveloped Parcels as sites for future New 
Properties, which shall be subject to Section 5.2.

(b) If Licensee wishes to sell an Undeveloped Parcel (or any part thereof 
or rights therein) to any Person other than a Hilton Competitor, Licensee 
will notify Licensor, and for thirty (30) days after such notice, the 
Parties shall negotiate in good faith towards a sale agreement. If no such 
agreement is executed in such time period, for 270 days thereafter, 
Licensee shall be free to execute such sale with such Person, so long as 
the sale price is at least 95% of the sale price proposed to Licensor. 
Licensee shall promptly provide Licensor with all information reasonably 
requested by Licensee to confirm Licensee’s compliance with this Section 
5.3(b).

(c) If Licensee wishes to sell an Undeveloped Parcel (or any part thereof 
or rights therein) to a Hilton Competitor, Licensee will notify Licensor, 
and Licensor shall have a right of first refusal on such purchase for 30 
days, on the same terms set forth in the offer from the Hilton Competitor. 
If the third party offer provides for payment of consideration other than 
cash, Licensor may offer commercially reasonable cash equivalent.

(d) Licensee agrees that any purported transaction in violation of 
Licensor’s rights in this Section 5.3 shall be deemed null and void at the 
outset and of no force or effect, and Licensor shall be entitled to 
equitable relief, including rescission, to effect such nullification.

Section 5.4. Projects at Third-Party Hotels. Licensee shall not participate 
in a New Property that is a mixed-use development project (whether or not 
such New Property uses the Licensed IP and/or Hilton Data) that includes 
Hilton Competitors without Licensor’s prior written consent, except for 
those projects set forth on Exhibit K.

Section 5.5. Future Franchise and Management Agreements. Licensor will use 
commercially reasonable efforts to ensure that any third-party management, 
operating and franchise agreements for Licensor Lodging Properties (i) if 
executed after the Effective Date, include commercially reasonable 
provisions to ensure that third party hotel owners and franchisees do not 
(and do not allow other Persons to) operate, promote or sell interests in 
Vacation Ownership Properties other than Licensed Vacation Ownership 
Properties in connection with such Licensor Lodging Property; and (ii) if 
executed as of the Effective Date, retain the above-described provisions, 
if such retention can be achieved with no material concession or liability 
by Licensor. Licensor shall not be liable to Licensee for any failure to 
obtain the above provisions, if it exercises the above commercially 
reasonable efforts in this regard.

Section 5.6. Vacation Ownership Properties at Licensor Lodging Properties.

(a) If a third-party developer of a Licensor Lodging Property intends to 
develop a Vacation Ownership Property as a component thereof (the “
Co-Located Licensor Lodging Property”), Licensor will notify Licensee and 
use commercially reasonable efforts to allow Licensee to negotiate with 
such developer to Operate the Vacation Ownership Property as a Licensed 
Vacation Ownership Property. If, despite such efforts, such counterparty 
does not offer Licensee such opportunity, Licensor shall have no further 
obligations to Licensee in this regard (but Licensor’s obligations during 
the Noncompetition Term shall still apply).

(b) If Licensor engages in a mixed-use project that includes a Vacation 
Ownership Property, Licensor will use commercially reasonable efforts to 
include Licensee in same, and if Licensee is not included, Licensor shall 
not allow the Hilton Data or the Loyalty Program to be used to conduct 
direct marketing activities with respect to the above Vacation Ownership 
Business component (but shall have no other restriction on the use of 
Hilton Data or Loyalty Program for such projects).
 
9

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Section 5.7. Limitations on Licensed Business; Compliance with Contracts.

Licensee shall abide by all territorial and other contractual restrictions 
applicable to Licensor that relate to the Licensed Vacation Ownership 
Business and are in effect as of the Effective Date (or thereafter, subject 
to Licensee’s consent). Licensor will not agree to an extension of the 
duration, or a broadening of the scope, of any such restrictions without 
Licensee’s prior written consent (which shall be required only during the 
Noncompetition Term), except for extending or renewing such agreements in 
accordance with their terms. Licensee shall not enter into any agreement 
with any third party that purports to limit or restrict Licensor’s right to 
Operate Licensor Lodging Properties in any manner that is inconsistent with 
this Agreement.

Section 5.8. Delegation; Sublicensing.

(a) Licensee may sublicense the Licensed IP

(i) as expressly permitted in this Agreement;

(ii) to Persons other than Licensee who are authorized to manage Licensed 
Vacation Ownership Properties under Section 8.3(a), to the extent necessary 
to enable such operation; and

(iii) to its Subsidiaries and their respective suppliers, service providers 
and contractors, solely (x) to the extent necessary to assist Licensee in 
conducting the Licensed Vacation Ownership Business, with respect to the 
Licensed Marks and Licensed Content and (y) with the prior written consent 
of Licensor for Persons other than Subsidiaries, with respect to the 
Licensed Software and Licensed System.

(b) Except as permitted above, Licensee may not sublicense the Licensed IP 
to any Person, or use the Licensed IP for the direct or indirect benefit of 
any other Person, without Licensor’s prior written consent.

(c) Licensee may also sublicense the Licensed Marks to Licensed HOAs, 
solely to the extent necessary for their operation. Licensee shall ensure 
that all Licensed HOAs include all information and terms reasonably 
requested by Licensor (in a form approved by Licensor) in their sales 
offering documents, sale, deed and other agreements with potential buyers, 
including provisions that (i) Licensor is a third-party beneficiary with 
the right to enforce such terms directly against the Licensed HOA and buyer 
and (ii) the intended buyer is not acquiring any rights in or to use any 
Licensed IP or Hilton Data. Licensee shall obtain Licensor’s prior written 
consent before signing any agreement with respect to the creation, 
operation, title, deed or sales provisions of any Licensed HOA. Licensee 
will, at its expense, submit to Licensor within ninety (90) days request 
for the same, information regarding the length of the terms, renewal rights 
and expiration dates of all Licensed HOA management agreements.

(d) Licensee is liable for any act or omission by any of its sublicenses 
that would breach this Agreement if committed by such Licensee.

(e) The Subsidiaries of each Party may exercise the rights of such Party 
herein and are bound by the obligations of such Party herein. A Party is 
liable for any act or omission by any of its Affiliates that would breach 
this Agreement if committed by such Party.
 
10

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Section 5.9. Limited Lodging Operations by Licensee. Notwithstanding the 
prohibition on Licensee operating a Lodging Business in Section 9.1, 
Licensee may:

(a) On a limited basis, engage in the transient rental of inventory of 
Vacation Ownership Properties that are held for development and sale and 
owned by Licensee, its Affiliates, an HOA or a third party with which 
Licensee or its Affiliates has entered into a development agreement or 
management agreement (together, “Licensee Parties”) or that is controlled 
by Licensee, its Affiliates or an HOA as a result of a Vacation Ownership 
Property owner default pending foreclosure or cure in the ordinary course 
of business, in each case, solely to support Licensee’s Vacation Ownership 
Business. Licensee agrees that all Licensed Vacation Ownership Properties’ 
transient rental inventory shall be made available through the Licensed 
System and shall not be placed on any third party platforms or distribution 
channels.

(b) In the event Licensee acquires a hotel, resort or other transient or 
extended stay lodging facilities for the purpose of converting such 
facilities into a Vacation Ownership Property, Licensee may during such 
conversion process operate such facilities, or a significant portion 
thereof, as a hotel provided Licensee shall pursue such conversion in a 
commercially reasonable manner so as to limit Licensee’s competition with 
Licensor in the Lodging Business. The parties agree Licensee’s obligation 
in this regard shall be met if Licensee diligently pursues the conversion 
and has commenced bona fide sales of Vacation Ownership Property intervals 
within 24 months of Licensee’s obtaining ownership, control or management 
of such property. If the Licensee fails to commence bona fide sales of 
Vacation Ownership Property intervals within the 24-month period, Licensee 
shall retain Licensor (for any Licensed Vacation Ownership Properties) or a 
third party management company (for any Separate Operations) to manage the 
hotel component of the project.


ARTICLE VI

SOURCING

Section 6.1. Sourcing. Licensee will source the furniture, fixtures and 
equipment for the Licensed Vacation Ownership Properties in compliance with 
all applicable Laws and the Standards and Agreements.


ARTICLE VII

LICENSOR BRAND IDENTITY GUIDELINES; STANDARDS; LOYALTY PROGRAM

Section 7.1. Licensor Brand Identity Guidelines. Licensee shall use the 
Licensed Marks solely: (i) in good faith, in a dignified manner and in 
accordance with the Licensor Brand Identity Guidelines and good trademark 
practice in the Territory; (ii) in a manner that does not harm or 
jeopardize the value of the Licensed Marks or their associated goodwill; 
and (iii) in connection with activities, products, and services that 
maintain at all times the high levels of quality associated with Licensee’s 
use of the Licensed Marks prior to the Effective Date. Licensee shall not 
take any action (or fail to take any action) that materially harms or 
jeopardizes (or could reasonably be expected to materially harm or 
jeopardize) the value, validity, reputation or goodwill of the Licensed IP.

Section 7.2. Modified Standards.

(a) Licensor may modify or implement any existing or new Standards during 
the Term, effective upon notice to Licensee, provided that (i) Licensor may 
not require Licensee to comply with any Standards that, as a whole, place a 
disproportionate or discriminatory burden upon Licensee relative to 
practices for similarly situated Licensor Lodging Properties, but Licensee 
acknowledges that certain Standards may not apply to all of Licensor’s 
branded hotels and (ii) Licensee shall have a commercially reasonable time 
to transition to comply with the above new Standards (unless new or 
modified Standards reflect changes in applicable Laws, in which case, 
Licensee must adopt such changes sufficiently promptly to comply with such 
Laws).
 
11

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(b) On an annual basis during the Term, Licensee may submit proposed 
changes to the Brand Standards for Licensor’s prior written approval. 
Licensor shall not unreasonably withhold its approval to any such changes.

Section 7.3. Loyalty Program Participation.

(a) Licensee shall participate in the Loyalty Program pursuant to the terms 
in this Article VII, the Loyalty Program terms, and all additional terms 
contained in any other agreement executed between the Parties at any time 
during the Term with respect to the Loyalty Program.

(b) Licensor may modify the Loyalty Program terms in its sole discretion, 
provided that:

(i) Licensee shall receive commercially reasonable advance notice of any 
material changes;

(ii) Owners at Licensed Vacation Ownership Properties maintain the Loyalty 
Program status tier level or equivalent that was purchased prior to such 
notice;

(iii) Licensee may opt out of select programs if they are optional for 
similarly situated Licensor Lodging Properties; and

(iv) Licensor will not modify the Loyalty Program in any manner that places 
a disproportionate or discriminatory burden upon (x) Licensee relative to 
similarly situated participants or (y) owners at Licensed Vacation 
Ownership Properties related to other Loyalty Program members.

(c) All Loyalty Program members shall have the right to redeem Loyalty 
Program Points for nightly stays at Licensed Vacation Ownership Properties. 
Licensee shall provide Loyalty Program members benefits for stays at 
Licensed Vacation Ownership Properties, consistent with the tiers and rules 
of the Loyalty Program. Licensee shall have sole responsibility for all 
matters, activities and disputes involving Loyalty Program members with 
respect to their stays in Licensed Vacation Ownership Properties.

(d) So long as the Loyalty Program maintains an air travel mileage partner, 
Licensor will use commercially reasonable efforts to allow Licensee to 
purchase air travel miles at the same cost as Licensor.

Section 7.4. Exclusivity/Licensee Status. Licensee may not participate in a 
loyalty program (or purchase and use loyalty program points) of a Hilton 
Competitor unless such loyalty program relates solely to Vacation Ownership 
Properties maintained as Separate Operations. Licensor will not authorize 
Loyalty Program Points to be used solely for the creation of a Vacation 
Ownership Business that conflicts with Licensee’s rights under this 
Agreement. Licensor will maintain Licensee’s tier status (or grant 
comparable tier status to Licensee) in the Loyalty Program, if Licensee 
changes the tier structure of the Loyalty Program during the Term. Licensee 
may purchase tier status from Licensor for the Loyalty Program.
 
12

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Section 7.5. Sale of Loyalty Program Points. Licensor shall cause Hilton 
HHonors Worldwide, L.L.C. (“HHonors LLC”) to sell Loyalty Program Points to 
Licensee at cost for a period of 20 years after the Effective Date. 
Licensor shall cause HHonors LLC to inform Licensee of the cost per point 
at the beginning of each calendar year during such 20 year period. 
Thereafter, (i) Licensor shall cause HHonors LLC to sell Loyalty Program 
Points to Licensee at the market rate (which shall not be (x) less than 
cost or (y) more than the amount paid by any other Person participating in 
the Loyalty Program who buys the similar quantity of points on the same 
terms and is otherwise similarly situated to Licensee), provided that such 
market rate is no higher than the price per point paid by any strategic 
partner that purchases a comparable volume of points annually on comparable 
business terms from HHonors LLC. During the Term and in accordance with the 
restrictions in this Article VII, HHonors LLC shall be entitled to increase 
the price per point on an annual basis.

Section 7.6. Use of Loyalty Program Points. Licensee may use the Loyalty 
Program Points it purchases:

(i) to fulfill benefits related to the Licensed Vacation Ownership 
Business;

(ii) as awards or incentives associated with the marketing or sale of the 
Licensed Vacation Ownership Properties;

(iii) in connection with customer complaints or customer service responses; 
or

(iv) for any other reason approved by Licensor in advance in writing.

Licensee may not resell or transfer Loyalty Program Points to any other 
Person or allow any Person (other than members of the Loyalty Program for 
end-use purposes) to do same.

Section 7.7. Conversion to Loyalty Program Points. Licensee can convert 
points associated with Licensee’s own point-based reservations and exchange 
system into Loyalty Program Points through a Licensed Exchange Program at a 
conversion rate to be determined by Licensee. Licensee’s members’ elections 
to convert such points to Loyalty Program Points will be irrevocable and 
irreversible. All costs and expenses associated with such point conversion 
shall be the sole responsibility of Licensee.


ARTICLE VIII

OPERATIONS

Section 8.1. Licensee Operations, Brand Standards. At all times during the 
Term, Licensee will, at its sole expense, (i) operate the Licensed Vacation 
Ownership Business in strict compliance with all Standards and Agreements 
and all applicable Laws; (ii) obtain and maintain all approvals, permits, 
licenses and consents required for the operation of the Licensed Vacation 
Ownership Properties; and (iii) pay all Taxes relating thereto. Licensee 
acknowledges that, although Licensor provides the Standards and Agreements, 
Licensee has exclusive day-to-day control of the business and operation of 
the Licensed Vacation Ownership Business. Without limiting any obligations 
in this Agreement or the Standards and Agreements, Licensee shall, at its 
sole cost and expense, comply with its obligations set forth on Exhibit B.

Section 8.2. Employees. Licensee will employ sufficient and suitably 
qualified individuals with respect to the Licensed Vacation Ownership 
Business. Licensee will ensure that Licensee’s employees at all times 
comply with the Standards and Agreements.
 
13

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Section 8.3. Management and Operation of the Projects.

(a) Licensee may subcontract or delegate its property-level, non-management 
functions with respect to Operating one or more Licensed Vacation Ownership 
Properties, such as housekeeping, security and maintenance to vendors 
without Licensor’s prior written consent, provided that such functions are 
delegated or subcontracted in accordance with the Brand Standards. Licensee 
may subcontract or delegate both property-level and management functions to 
(i) a Subsidiary without notice to or consent of Licensor or (ii) any other 
Person, with Licensor’s prior written consent not to be unreasonably 
withheld. Licensor hereby consents to the subcontracting and delegation 
agreements set forth on Exhibit L.

(b) Licensee shall require all sublicensees (and all Persons referenced in 
Section 8.3(a)) to agree in writing to abide by all terms herein relating 
to the Standards and Agreements and protection of the Licensed IP, and 
Licensee is liable to Licensor hereunder for any act or omission by a 
sublicensee or a Person referenced in Section 8.3(a) that would breach this 
Agreement if committed by Licensee. A Party may not license or authorize 
any Person (including Subsidiaries) to take any action that such Party is 
prohibited from doing under this Agreement, and each Party is liable 
hereunder for any action by a Subsidiary that would breach this Agreement 
if committed by such Party.

Section 8.4. Quality Assurance.

(a) Subject to any pre-existing third-party agreements prohibiting same, 
Licensor and its representatives have the right (but not the obligation) to 
enter the Licensed Vacation Ownership Properties at any time without notice 
or additional permission from Licensee to verify that Licensee is complying 
with this Agreement and the Standards and Agreements. Licensee shall 
provide commercially reasonable assistance to facilitate such inspections 
and promptly (or immediately, for material deficiencies or issues involving 
health or safety) take all actions necessary to correct any deficiencies 
found during any inspection. If Licensor is required to conduct more than 
one (1) inspection in any twelve (12) month period because of Licensee’s 
failure to comply with the Standards and Agreements or this Agreement, 
Licensee shall reimburse Licensor for the commercially reasonable 
out-of-pocket costs of such additional inspections. The results of such 
inspection are Licensor’s Confidential Information, and Licensor may use 
and disclose them for authorized business purposes.

(b) Licensor’s representatives who travel to the Licensed Vacation 
Ownership Properties to perform design review, training, inspections, 
assistance or other services shall be permitted, subject to availability, 
to stay at the relevant Licensed Vacation Ownership Property and use its 
facilities (including commercially reasonable food and beverage 
consumption) without charge.

Section 8.5. Licensed HOAs Not Controlled By Licensee. If any Licensed HOA 
not Controlled by Licensee operates or maintains a Licensed Vacation 
Ownership Property in a manner that would constitute a Deflagging Event or 
an action set forth in Section 18.3 of this Agreement if committed by 
Licensee, Licensee shall promptly notify the Licensed HOA of such failure 
and request the same be cured within thirty (30) days. If such failure is 
not susceptible to being cured during such 30 day period, Licensee may 
extend such cure period for such additional periods as is reasonable under 
the circumstances if cure is being diligently pursued, and in no event will 
such period be more than one year from the date of the initial notice 
without Licensor’s prior written consent. If the Licensed HOA cannot effect 
cure within such time (or an extension thereof, which requires Licensor’s 
prior written consent, not to be unreasonably withheld), then Licensee 
shall immediately Deflag such Licensed Vacation Ownership Property, and the 
provisions of Section 18.1 shall apply.
 
14

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Section 8.6. Employee Discounts. Licensor’s employees may stay at the 
Licensed Vacation Ownership Properties (and Licensee’s employees may stay 
at the Licensor Lodging Properties) for other business or non-business 
purposes at reduced rates (such rates also covering food and beverage 
costs), subject to the terms and conditions contained in the Employee 
Matters Agreement dated as of the date hereof among the Parties, Park 
Hotels & Resorts Inc. and Hilton Domestic Operating Company Inc. (the “
Employee Matters Agreement”). Licensee’s employees may enjoy discounts 
consistent with Licensor’s then-current discount offers to its own 
employees for in-room amenities, in accordance with the Standards and 
Agreements and the Employee Matters Agreement. If Licensor so requests in 
writing, Licensor’s employees may enjoy discounts consistent with 
Licensee’s then-current discount offers to Licensee’s own employees to 
purchase units in Licensed Vacation Ownership Properties.

Section 8.7. Managers. Each Party shall give the other Party notice of one 
representative to act as such Party’s primary contact(s) with respect to 
the various performance areas and obligations in this Agreement. Each Party 
may change one or more of its primary contacts in accordance with the 
procedures set forth in Article XXIII. The Parties’ contacts shall fully 
cooperate to perform this Agreement and meet regularly or as needed.


ARTICLE IX

LICENSEE OBLIGATIONS

Section 9.1. Lodging Business. During the Term and except as permitted in 
Section 5.9 and this Section 9.1, Licensee will not engage in the Lodging 
Business under any Trademark anywhere in the world.

Section 9.2. Hilton Competitors. Without Licensor’s prior written consent, 
Licensee may not:

(a) merge with or acquire direct or indirect Control of a (x) Hilton 
Competitor or (y) Vacation Ownership Business (in either an equity or asset 
acquisition) which has entered into an agreement for Operating activities 
with a Hilton Competitor;

(b) acquire direct or indirect Control of a Vacation Ownership Business 
together with a Lodging Business (in either an equity or asset 
acquisition); or

(c) be directly or indirectly acquired by, merged into or combined with any 
Person other than an Affiliate (in either an equity or asset transaction).

Any purported transaction in violation of this Section 9.2 shall be deemed 
null and void at the outset and of no force or effect.

Section 9.3. Acquisitions.

(a) Without Licensor’s prior written consent, Licensee may acquire direct 
or indirect Control of a business that is not a Vacation Ownership Business 
or Lodging Business (in either an equity or asset acquisition), and 
Licensee may (i) operate such new business as Separate Operations or (ii) 
use the Licensed IP in connection with such new business, subject to 
Licensor’s prior written consent.

(b) Without Licensor’s prior written consent, Licensee may acquire direct 
or indirect Control of Vacation Ownership Properties (in either an equity 
or asset acquisition) that have never been branded with any Hilton Marks, 
and Licensee may operate such Vacation Ownership Properties as (i) Separate 
Operations or (ii) new Licensed Vacation Ownership Properties, subject to 
all terms and conditions herein regarding same.
 
15

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Section 9.4. New Products and Services. Licensee may develop or acquire 
products or services that are not in the Vacation Ownership Business but 
are substantially similar to products and services being offered at the 
time by other Persons who operate a business described in clause (i) of the 
definition of “Vacation Ownership Business” of quality similar to Licensee: 
(i) as Separate Operations or (ii) subject to Licensor’s prior written 
consent, as part of the Licensed Vacation Ownership Business.

Section 9.5. Advertising.

(a) Licensee shall, at its cost and expense, advertise and promote the 
Licensed Vacation Ownership Business, in all venues and media, in a 
first-class, dignified manner, in compliance with all Standards and 
Agreements and this Agreement. Licensee shall ensure that all advertising 
and promotional materials used in connection with the Licensed Vacation 
Ownership Business, in any form or media (“Marketing Content”) comply with 
all applicable Laws and the Standards and Agreements. Notwithstanding the 
foregoing, Licensee may continue to use all Marketing Content that Licensee 
has used prior to the Effective Date, to the extent such Marketing Content 
is consistent with the Standards and Agreements, and will not violate any 
Standards and Agreements by such use. Licensor has the right to review (on 
a periodic basis), and Licensee shall respond to Licensor’s commercially 
reasonable requests to submit to Licensor any new Marketing Content that 
differs materially from that used by Licensee as of the Effective Date. 
Licensee shall promptly revise or cease using any Marketing Content after 
it becomes aware (whether from notice from Licensor or otherwise) that it 
does not comply with this Agreement, the Standards and Agreements (subject 
to this Section 9.5(a)) or applicable Laws.

(b) The Parties will cooperate to facilitate advertising the Licensed 
Vacation Ownership Properties in Licensor’s distribution channels, and 
develop and exploit new Marketing Content and channels to support the 
Licensed Vacation Ownership Business, provided that, in each case, Licensor 
has sole discretion as to any specific advertising activities.

(c) The Parties will coordinate all marketing activities provided under 
this Agreement, including online demand generation, Internet keyword 
purchasing and email marketing (and future successors and equivalents of 
the foregoing), so as to prevent current and prospective customers from 
declining to receive marketing for Licensor and/or the Loyalty Program.

Section 9.6. Sponsorships/Partnerships.

(a) The Parties shall meet quarterly during the Term to discuss future 
Marketing Content and any sponsorship, marketing, endorsement or similar 
agreements (“Marketing Agreements”) for the Licensed Vacation Ownership 
Business between the Parties and their advertisers.

(b) If Licensor wishes to enter into any Marketing Agreement on an 
exclusive basis, and such exclusivity would restrict the Licensed Vacation 
Ownership Business, Licensor shall notify Licensee (i) at the quarterly 
meeting or (ii) for time-sensitive matters, at least 30 days prior to 
executing same. In each case, Licensor shall consult with Licensee and in 
good faith consider Licensee’s comments with respect to such agreement; 
however, for the avoidance of doubt, nothing in this Section 9.6(b) shall 
give Licensee the right to block or delay any such exclusive marketing 
agreement. Licensor shall have the sole right to approve and execute any 
such exclusive Marketing Agreements that involve the Licensed Marks. 
However, should Licensor request Licensee participate in a marketing or 
similar agreement with respect to co-branded credit cards, and such 
arrangement includes a bounty fee or similar payment by the issuer for 
acquisitions at Licensee’s Vacation Ownership Properties, Licensee shall 
not be required to participate in such marketing activates unless Licensee 
receives a share of such payment.
 
16

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(c) Licensee shall ensure that all marketing activities, Marketing Content 
and Marketing Agreements entered into in connection with the Licensed 
Vacation Ownership Business comply with all applicable Laws and the 
Standards and Agreements and, absent the prior written consent of Licensor, 
do not involve a Hilton Competitor. Licensee shall not use any of the 
Licensed Marks or participate in a Marketing Agreement that may subject 
Licensor to public ridicule, criticism or controversy or that may 
substantially tarnish Licensor’s goodwill.

(d) Licensee may continue to perform under all Marketing Agreements that 
Licensee has entered into in writing and made available to Licensor for 
review prior to the Effective Date. Licensor acknowledges that Licensee has 
prior to the Effective Date entered into certain Marketing Agreements or 
other arrangements designed to support the Licensed Exchange Program with 
Hilton Competitors, a list of which is attached hereto as Exhibit M. Should 
Licensee desire to enter into a new Marketing Agreement or other 
arrangement with a Hilton Competitor, or materially expand the scope of 
such an existing arrangement, Licensee must first obtain Licensor’s prior 
written consent.

(e) Licensee may enter into new local Marketing Agreements and 
enterprise-wide Marketing Agreements at any time, subject to Licensor’s 
prior written approval for all enterprise-wide Marketing Agreements and any 
new local Marketing Agreement that differs materially from that used by 
Licensee as of the Effective Date. Licensee shall notify Licensor of all 
proposed new Marketing Agreements (i) at the quarterly meeting or (ii) for 
time-sensitive matters, at least 30 days prior to the signing date. 
Licensor shall not unreasonably withhold its approval for any Marketing 
Agreement that does not involve a Hilton Competitor. In each case, Licensee 
shall consult with Licensor and in good faith consider Licensor’s comments 
with respect to such agreement. Should Licensor determine, in its 
reasonable discretion, that a Marketing Agreement does not comply with this 
Agreement, the Standards and Agreements (subject to this Section 9.6(e)) or 
applicable Laws, then Licensor shall notify Licensee of same and Licensee 
shall terminate such Marketing Agreement. Licensee shall respond to 
Licensor’s reasonable requests to submit to Licensor any Marketing Content.

Section 9.7. Reservations. Licensee shall, at all times during the Term, 
participate in and use the Licensed System and honor all confirmed 
reservations referred to the Licensed Vacation Ownership Properties through 
the Licensed System.

Section 9.8. Diversion. Licensee shall not divert any business from the 
Licensed Vacation Ownership Properties to any other facilities or products 
(except other Vacation Ownership Properties through an exchange program or 
facilities or products affiliated with Licensor, in each case, as approved 
by Licensor in its sole discretion).

Section 9.9. Finances. Licensee shall have sole responsibility for all 
debts, liabilities, permits, Taxes and other financial obligations incurred 
in the operation of the Licensed Vacation Ownership Business, and make all 
such payments when due.


ARTICLE X

SYSTEMS

Section 10.1. Systems. Licensee shall maintain all Licensee Systems in 
connection with all Standards and Agreements.
 
17

------------------------------------------------------------------------
ARTICLE XI

LICENSOR SERVICES

Section 11.1. Call Center Transfer Services. The Parties have executed the 
Marketing Services Agreement, effective as of the Effective Date (the “
Marketing Services Agreement”), which shall govern the transfer of Calls 
from Licensor to Licensee. The Marketing Services Agreement shall at a 
minimum provide that:

(i) it shall terminate automatically, if the Noncompetition Term expires or 
terminates (either standing alone or if this Agreement terminates in its 
entirety);

(ii) Licensor shall have no service level obligations or required minimums 
for transferred Calls; however, for ten years after the Effective Date, 
Licensor shall use Reasonable Best Efforts to transfer Calls to Licensee at 
a level consistent with past practice prior the Effective Date as adjusted 
in good faith to reflect, among other facts and circumstances that could 
affect the overall value proposition of the Marketing Services Agreement, 
overall call volume, changes to the demographic mix of callers and changes 
in customers’ preference or willingness to be presented with Licensed 
Vacation Ownership offers;

(iii) For three years after the Effective Date, Licensor’s existing call 
center procedures shall not be changed in a way that negatively and 
materially affects the order in which Calls are forwarded by Licensor to 
third parties, including Licensee; and

(iv) Licensor shall provide the Call transfer services described therein at 
cost for the first 30 years and at market rates thereafter.

All other terms and conditions with respect to such Call transfers shall be 
set forth in the Marketing Services Agreement.

Section 11.2. Other Services. Licensor shall otherwise provide services to 
Licensee as set forth in all other Party Agreements.


ARTICLE XII

REPAIRS AND MAINTENANCE

Section 12.1. Repairs. Licensee shall ensure that all Licensed Vacation 
Ownership Properties are in good repairs and first-class condition and 
conform with applicable Laws and the Standards and Agreements.


ARTICLE XIII

INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY

Section 13.1. Ownership/New Marks.

(a) Licensor, together with its Affiliates, is the sole owner of all 
Licensed IP, and Licensee will not file to register, register, patent, 
maintain or renew any of same. Licensee will not directly or indirectly 
attack, contest or otherwise challenge the validity, enforceability or 
ownership of any Licensed IP or Hilton Data. Notwithstanding the foregoing, 
if Licensee is deemed to be the owner of any Licensed
 
18

------------------------------------------------------------------------
IP (or own any rights in any Hilton Data), Licensee hereby assigns and 
agrees to assign to Licensor all of such rights in same. Unless Licensee 
has notified Licensor that it no longer requires the use of any Licensed 
Marks, Licensor shall continue to maintain and renew all Licensed Marks 
(and file and use Reasonable Best Efforts to prosecute until registration 
all new “Licensed Marks” approved hereunder), so long as Licensee 
reimburses Licensor for all commercially reasonable out-of-pocket costs 
incurred.

(b) Without limiting Section 13.1(a), Licensor agrees that Licensee may (i) 
serve as the administrative and technical contact for all domain names and 
social or mobile media registrations included in the Licensed Marks, 
provided that Licensor shall be the registrant of any such domain names 
(and social or mobile media registrations, if and to the extent the 
trademark owner is intended to be the registrant) and (ii) file to register 
corporate, trade, d/b/a and similar names containing the Licensed Marks, so 
long as any such registration does not modify or compromise Licensor’s 
ownership rights in the Licensed Marks.

(c) If Licensee wishes to use a Licensed Mark in a country or jurisdiction 
for which it is not registered as of the Effective Date, it may notify 
Licensor of same. The Parties will cooperate to perform all necessary due 
diligence with respect to Licensee’s proposed use. Licensor shall not 
withhold its consent to any proposed new Trademark if the new Trademark, in 
Licensor’s good-faith judgment, would not reasonably be expected to harm or 
jeopardize the value, validity, reputation or goodwill of the Licensed 
Marks or subject Licensor to any risk of legal liability or an adverse 
Action anywhere in the world. Any new Trademark approved by Licensor 
hereunder shall be owned by Licensor and deemed to be a “Licensed Mark” 
hereunder.

Section 13.2. Licensee’s Use of Licensed IP.

(a) Licensee shall use all Licensed IP solely in compliance with applicable 
Laws and all Standards and Agreements. Licensee will use all notices and 
legends for the Licensed IP that are required by applicable Laws or 
reasonably requested by Licensor.

(b) Licensee acknowledges that Licensor may change the stylization, font or 
appearance of the Licensed Marks during the Term. Licensee must use the 
latest version of the Licensed Marks that Licensor has adopted for its own 
use, subject to a commercially reasonable transition period during which 
Licensee may engage in traditional “phase out” use of the prior version of 
the Licensed Marks.

(c) Licensee may use the Trademarks of third parties in connection with 
permitted marketing activities in the ordinary course of business in the 
Licensed Vacation Ownership Business, provided that, without Licensor’s 
prior written consent (whether provided in connection with the Parties’ 
marketing activities in Section 9.5 or Section 9.6 or otherwise), Licensee 
shall not use (i) the Licensed Marks with any other Trademark in such a 
manner so as to suggest (a) a co-branded, combined or composite Trademark 
or (b) that Licensor is affiliated with, endorses or sponsors the owner of 
such Trademark; or (ii) the Trademarks of any Hilton Competitor in the 
Licensed Vacation Ownership Business.

Section 13.3. Enforcement. If Licensee learns of any actual or threatened 
unauthorized use of the Licensed IP by any Person, Licensee shall promptly 
notify Licensor. Licensor, in its sole discretion, shall decide whether to 
commence an Action against such use. If Licensor elects not to bring an 
Action and such unauthorized use is materially impairing Licensee’s rights 
under this Agreement, Licensor shall not unreasonably refuse a request by 
Licensee to bring an Action in its own name. If Licensor refuses such a 
request, Licensee may not bring such an Action. If Licensor grants such a 
request, Licensor may participate in such Action with counsel of its own 
choice at its own expense. The Parties may also elect in their discretion 
to bring a joint Action. The Parties shall fully cooperate in any such 
Action brought in this Section 13.3. Absent a joint Action or later 
agreement to the contrary, the Party that brings any
 
19

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Action herein shall control its prosecution, pay all costs and expenses 
associated therewith and have the sole right to any and all damages, 
settlements and proceeds therefrom; provided that a Party shall not enter 
into any settlement or other agreement that would impose any liability or 
obligations or have any adverse effect upon on the other Party without its 
prior written consent, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld. 
Licensee hereby agrees that this Section 13.3 limits its rights under 
applicable Laws to commence an Action against any Person’s unauthorized use 
of the Licensed IP, and hereby waives such rights, to the extent they 
conflict with this Section 13.3.

Section 13.4. Credit Cards.

(a) Licensee may not enter into any agreement with a financial institution 
or any other Person to create a co-branded credit card or any co-branded 
alternative payment technology (e.g., Google Wallet) without Licensor’s 
prior written consent. Should Licensee establish Separate Operations, 
Licensee may co-brand a credit card or other payment alternative provided 
such co-branding does not include any Hilton Marks and is only utilized in 
connection with the Separate Operations.

(b) Licensee shall use the then-current Loyalty Program credit card 
designated by Licensor as the exclusive instant credit card issued for down 
payments, renewals or other fees in connection with Licensed Vacation 
Ownership Properties and honor all nationally recognized credit cards and 
credit vouchers and enter into all necessary agreements with issuers 
therefor.


ARTICLE XIV

CONFIDENTIALITY

Section 14.1. Confidential Information.

(a) Absent the prior written consent of the disclosing Party (the “
Disclosing Party”), each Party (the “Receiving Party”) shall not use any of 
the Disclosing Party’s Confidential Information other than as required to 
perform this Agreement or exercise its rights hereunder, and shall not 
disclose any such Confidential Information to any Person, other than to its 
Subsidiaries (but not including Licensee’s Subsidiaries engaged in Separate 
Operations) and their respective employees and counsel (and Persons 
described in Section 8.3(a) who need to know it for such Party to perform 
under this Agreement (“Recipients”), subject to commercially reasonable 
confidentiality agreements or obligations of confidentiality (and the 
provisions of Section 14.2 for Hilton Data). Each Party shall protect the 
security of the other Party’s Confidential Information with the same 
measures it uses to protect its own most sensitive information, and shall 
use at least a commercially reasonable standard of care in this regard. 
Each Party is liable for any unauthorized use or disclosure of Confidential 
Information by its Recipients, and shall promptly notify the other Party 
about (and cooperate with the other Party to remediate) any instance of 
same.

(b) Confidential Information shall not include Information (other than 
Hilton Data, for which such exceptions do not apply) that: (i) was in the 
Receiving Party’s possession on a non-confidential basis prior to the time 
of disclosure to such Party by or on behalf of the Disclosing Party; (ii) 
was or becomes generally available to the public other than as a result of 
a disclosure by the Receiving Party or its Recipients; (iii) becomes 
available to such Party on a non-confidential basis from a source other 
than the Disclosing Party or its Recipients; (iv) was independently 
developed by the Receiving Party without the use of Confidential 
Information of the Disclosing Party; or (v) is required to be disclosed by 
applicable Laws, subpoena, legal process or document demand (or to enforce 
a Party’s rights under this Agreement), provided that the Receiving Party 
shall promptly inform the Disclosing Party of any such requirement, 
disclose no more Information than as required and cooperate with any 
efforts by the Disclosing Party to obtain a protective order or similar 
treatment.
 
20

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Section 14.2. Data and Data Security.

(a) As between Licensor and Licensee, (i) Licensor is the owner of all 
Hilton Data and (ii) Licensee is the owner of all Licensee Data. Unless 
otherwise specified, to the extent that any data may fall within the 
definitions of both Hilton Data and Licensee Data, the use by a Party of 
such data shall be in accordance with the rights and restrictions 
applicable to data owned by such Party, without regard to the restrictions 
applicable to the same data to the extent owned by the other Party.

(b) Subject to all terms and conditions herein, including this Section 
14.2(b), Licensor grants to Licensee during the Term a limited, 
non-transferable right to use the Hilton Data: (i) to engage in the 
promotion of the Licensed Vacation Ownership Business and (ii) for research 
and analysis in furtherance of Licensee’s internal business purposes, in 
each case solely in connection with Licensee’s operation of the Licensed 
Vacation Ownership Business. Except as otherwise expressly set forth 
herein, Licensee shall not use the Hilton Data (including in aggregate 
form) for any purpose. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, in 
no event shall Hilton Data (including in aggregate form) be disclosed, 
sold, assigned, leased or otherwise provided to third parties (including 
any non-Subsidiary Licensee Parties and Separate Operations) by Licensee 
except as otherwise expressly permitted herein or with Licensor’s prior 
written consent. Notwithstanding the above rights, Licensor is not required 
to provide any Hilton Data to Licensee to the extent such provision would 
result in Licensor’s violation of any applicable Laws, Privacy Policies or 
Data Security Policies.

(c) Licensee’s Systems and Licensee’s use of Hilton Data, whether acquired, 
obtained or developed prior to or after the Effective Date shall at all 
times comply with: (i) this Agreement, all applicable Laws, the Standards 
and Agreements and best practices in the industry; and (ii) Licensee’s own 
Privacy Policies and Data Security Policies. Licensee shall provide to 
Licensor all of its policies and procedures with respect to the Licensee 
Systems as of the Effective Date and will not materially change same 
without Licensor’s prior written consent. Licensee may not share or 
disclose Hilton Data to any third party vendor, or agent of Licensee 
without Licensor’s prior written consent. Licensee shall ensure that its 
third-party vendors that operate, host or otherwise have access to Licensee 
Systems or Hilton Data also comply with the above applicable Laws, the 
Standards and Agreements, best practices in the industry and Licensor’s 
Privacy Policies and Data Security Policies, and in all agreements with 
such vendors, shall expressly (i) require such compliance and (ii) 
designate Licensor as a third-party beneficiary with the right to enforce 
such agreement directly against such vendor with respect to all Hilton Data 
or Licensed IP. Other than as permitted under this Agreement, Licensee will 
not have, claim or assert any right against or to such Hilton Data.

(d) Licensee will notify Licensor immediately following discovery of any 
actual, attempted, suspected or threatened or reasonably foreseeable 
circumstance that compromises, or could reasonably be expected to 
compromise, either physical security (including security at any facility 
housing Licensee Systems or relating to transportation of Licensee Systems 
or the physical media containing Licensor’s Confidential Information) or 
Systems security (including security control measures of Systems of any 
variety) of any Licensee Systems used in connection with the Licensed 
Vacation Ownership Business (or Systems interacting with same) in any 
manner that either does or could reasonably be expected to permit 
unauthorized processing, use, disclosure or acquisition of or access to any 
Licensee Systems, Hilton Data, or other Confidential Information of 
Licensor, or otherwise harm the Licensed Vacation Ownership Business or the 
reputation or goodwill of Licensor (a “Security Breach”). Licensee shall 
remedy any such breach at its own expense, in compliance with all 
applicable Laws and the Standards and Agreements, and a remediation plan 
approved by Licensor, and the Parties shall cooperate fully in all such 
remedial actions. Unless otherwise required by applicable Laws, Licensee 
shall not make any notifications to customers, members or the general 
public of any such Security Breach without Licensor’s prior written 
consent.
 
21

------------------------------------------------------------------------
ARTICLE XV

ACCOUNTING AND REPORTS

Section 15.1. Maintenance of Records. Licensee, at its expense, will 
maintain and preserve for at least five (5) years (or, if longer, the 
period of time required by applicable Laws) after their creation or 
generation complete and accurate books, records and accounts for the 
Licensed Vacation Ownership Business, in accordance with United States 
Generally Accepted Accounting Principles, applicable Laws and the Standards 
and Agreements.

Section 15.2. Audit. During the Term and for three (3) years thereafter, 
Licensor and its representatives have the right, at any time, upon 
commercially reasonable notice to Licensee and at Licensor’s cost, to 
examine, copy and audit all Information of Licensee for the past five (5) 
years preceding as is required to ensure that Licensee complies with this 
Agreement. Licensee will fully cooperate with any such audit. If an 
examination or audit reveals that Licensee has underpaid Licensor, Licensee 
will promptly pay to Licensor the amount underpaid plus interest. If the 
underpayment is five (5%) or more for the period being audited, Licensee 
will reimburse Licensor for all commercially reasonable costs and expenses 
connected with the audit. If the examination or audit establishes a pattern 
of underreporting, Licensor may require that the financial reports due 
hereunder be audited by an internationally recognized independent 
accounting firm.

Section 15.3. Royalty and Fee Reporting. During the Term and Tail Period, 
and for a period of at least one (1) year thereafter, Licensee agrees that 
it shall, at Licensee’s expense, maintain accurate and complete records 
with respect to the basis upon which the Royalties and fees are calculated 
under this Agreement. Upon reasonable advance notice to Licensee, such 
records shall be open for inspection by representatives of Licensor during 
Licensee’s regular business hours. Licensor has the right to inspect the 
records of all Licensee Parties to the extent that such records are 
relevant to how the Royalties and fees were calculated under this 
Agreement.


ARTICLE XVI

INDEMNIFICATION; INSURANCE

Section 16.1. Indemnification.

(a) Licensee shall indemnify, defend at its expense and hold harmless 
Licensor and its Subsidiaries and their respective officers, directors, 
agents, employees and representatives (“Related Parties”) from and against 
any and all losses, costs, liabilities, damages, judgments, settlements, 
fees, claims, demands and expenses (including commercially reasonable 
attorneys’ fees and costs of suit) (“Losses”) resulting from (i) 
third-party claims based upon (w) Licensee’s breach of this Agreement or 
any representation, warranty or covenant herein, (x) the operation of its 
Vacation Ownership Business, and all acts and omissions in connection 
therewith, (y) Licensee’s use of or access to the Licensed IP or Hilton 
Data other than as expressly authorized herein and (z) Licensor’s use as 
authorized herein of any content provided by Licensee under Section 1.2 
and/or (ii) claims based upon any Security Breach or any unauthorized use, 
processing or disclosure of any Hilton Data.
 
22

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(b) Licensor shall indemnify, defend at its expense and hold harmless 
Licensee and its Subsidiaries and their Related Parties from and against 
all Losses resulting from third-party claims based upon (i) Licensor’s 
breach of this Agreement or any representation, warranty or covenant 
herein, (ii) Licensor and its Subsidiaries’ operation of their businesses, 
and all of their acts and omissions in connection therewith or (iii) 
Licensee’s use of the Licensed IP as expressly authorized herein.

(c) A Party receiving notice of an indemnified claim herein shall promptly 
notify the other Party. The indemnified Party may, at its expense, employ 
separate counsel and participate in (but not control) the defense, 
compromise or settlement of such claim, and shall fully cooperate with the 
indemnifying Party in connection therewith. Neither Party shall settle or 
compromise an indemnified claim in any manner that adversely affects the 
other Party without its prior written consent.

Section 16.2. Insurance Policies. Licensee shall obtain and maintain at all 
times during the Term and thereafter, to the extent any such policies 
require coverage at the time a claim is made (unless such requirement is 
waived pursuant to Licensor’s prior written consent), insurance of the 
following types:

(a) Commercial General Liability Insurance including coverage for premises 
and operations, contractual liability, bodily injury, personal injury, 
advertising injury, property damage, innkeeper’s liability and liquor 
liability if applicable with a minimum policy limit of $25,000,000 USD per 
occurrence.

(b) Business Automobile Liability Insurance with coverage for any auto or 
vehicle whether owned, non-owned, hired, leased or otherwise used in the 
performance of this Agreement with limits of $25,000,000 USD combined 
single limit each accident.

(c) Crime, Employee Dishonesty Insurance with coverage for loss arising out 
of or in connection with any fraudulent or dishonest acts committed by the 
employees, acting alone or in collusion with others, in an amount of at 
least $2,000,000 USD.

(d) Employment Practice Liability Insurance shall be obtained in an amount 
no less than $1,000,000 USD. Such insurance shall include coverage for 
“mass”/class action multi-party claims, and shall specifically amend the 
definition of “Employer” to include both “Owner” and “Manager,” regardless 
of who is the statutory employer.

(e) Property Damage and Business Interruption Insurance as follows:

(i) Property Damage and Business Interruption insurance on a special causes 
of loss policy form (“all-risk”), covering one hundred percent (100%) of 
the insurable replacement value of the building and its contents, and for 
full recovery of the net profits and continuing expenses for the property 
(including rental value and franchise fees) for a twelve (12) month period 
must be carried. The policy must include coverage for the peril of 
windstorm, earthquake, and flood with limits as close to replacement cost 
of the building as is available at commercially reasonable prices. Limits 
below full replacement cost should be based on a professional study 
probable maximum loss.

(ii) Broad form Boiler and Machinery Insurance, including business 
interruption coverage, against loss from accidental damage to, or from the 
explosion of, boilers, air conditioning systems, including refrigeration 
and heating apparatus, pressure vessels and pressure pipes in an amount 
equal to one hundred percent (100%) of the actual replacement value of such 
items plus full recovery of the net profits and continuing expenses of the 
property.
 
23

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(iii) Terrorism Insurance coverage for both first party damage and third 
party liability either stand-alone, through a government operated or 
mandated pool, or as part of the General Liability coverage and the 
Property Damage and Business Interruption coverage.

(f) Workers’ Compensation Insurance per applicable Laws and Employers 
Liability insurance with a limit not less than $1,000,000 USD each accident 
for bodily injury, $100,000,000 USD each employee for bodily injury by 
disease, and $1,000,000 USD policy limit for disease.

(g) Cyber Liability Insurance, including but not limited to coverage for 
privacy and network security liability: 1st and 3rd party liability, 
wrongful disclosure of data, breach of security, downtown, identification 
theft, credit monitoring service and with a minimum policy limit of 
$3,500,000 USD each occurrence of claim.

(h) Upon sixty (60) days written notice, such other insurance in such 
amounts as Licensor may reasonably request against such other insurable 
hazards common in the industry, taking into account the changing 
circumstances in the law and insurance marketplace.

Section 16.3. Insurance Requirements.

(a) Licensee shall purchase the insurance in Section 16.2 solely from 
insurance companies with a financial rating acceptable to Licensor, which 
shall be no less than A—VII if rated by the company A.M. Best. Licensee 
shall provide evidence to Licensor via certificate (initial coverage, 
renewal or change in limits) by fax, email or upload to Licensor (or 
Licensor’s external partner as indicated by Licensor to Licensee) of its 
compliance with Section 16.2 and Section 16.3 herein.

(b) With the exception of Boiler & Machinery and Workers’ Compensation, all 
insurance policies must name Licensor and its Affiliates and their 
respective past and current employees, officers and directors as additional 
insureds. Licensor shall cause all policies to be endorsed to be primary 
insurance with no recourse to, or contribution from, other similar 
insurance, if any, which may be carried by Licensor or its Affiliates.

(c) Requests by Licensee to modify requirements for Earthquake, Flood, 
Windstorm or Terrorism may be submitted to Licensor’s “Risk Management” 
division for consideration. Guidelines for such requests may be requested 
from RiskManagement@hilton.com.

(d) If Licensee breaches its obligations under Section 16.2 or Section 
16.3, Licensor may (but is not obligated to) obtain and maintain insurance 
to remedy such breach without notifying Licensee, and Licensee shall 
immediately reimburse Licensor for all costs and premiums in this regard.

Section 16.4. Licensee’s Obligations. Licensor makes no representation, 
implied or express, that the foregoing insurance requirements are adequate 
to protect Licensee from its potential liability relating to this Agreement 
or the Licensed Vacation Ownership Business. The insurance coverage 
requirements do not limit Licensee’s indemnification or other liabilities 
to Licensor under this Agreement. Any failure of Licensor to demand 
evidence of compliance by Licensee with Section 16.2 or Section 16.3 shall 
not be construed as a waiver of Licensee’s obligations.

Section 16.5. Contribution. If a Party’s indemnification obligations herein 
are unavailable, unenforceable or insufficient to indemnify, hold harmless 
and defend the indemnified Party and its Related Parties from an 
indemnified claim herein, the indemnifying Party will, to the fullest 
extent permitted by applicable Laws, contribute to the Losses of any 
indemnified parties for an indemnified claim, in proportion to the relative 
fault of the indemnifying Party in relation to such claim.
 
24

------------------------------------------------------------------------
ARTICLE XVII

TRANSFERS

Section 17.1. By Licensee. Without the prior written consent of Licensor, 
Licensee cannot assign, mortgage or pledge its rights under this Agreement, 
in whole or in part, to any Person other than an assignment of this 
Agreement in its entirety to an Affiliate, solely as part of an internal 
reorganization for tax or administrative purposes, and solely if (i) 
Licensee guarantees the performance of such Subsidiary thereafter and (ii) 
the assignee is the ultimate parent entity in Licensee’s organization or 
otherwise has the power to control the actions of all of Licensee’s 
Affiliates receiving the benefit of this Agreement. For clarity, this 
Agreement shall be construed as an agreement for the personal services of 
Licensee in its current form as a non-bankrupt entity, and Licensee may not 
assume this Agreement (or assign this Agreement to any other Person, 
including an Affiliate) in bankruptcy without Licensor’s prior written 
consent. Without the prior written consent of Licensor, Licensee shall not 
permit a tax sale, seizure, security interest, lien, mortgage or 
encumbrance or attachment to occur with respect to any Licensed Vacation 
Ownership Property.

Section 17.2. By Licensor. Licensor may assign this Agreement, in whole or 
in part, in its discretion, provided that any successor or acquirer must 
assume in writing all of Licensor’s obligations hereunder. Licensor may 
delegate its obligations herein to any Person, provided that Licensor is 
obligated hereunder for such Person’s acts or omissions.

Section 17.3. By Either Party. Any purported assignment, sublicense, 
acquisition or other transaction with a third party in violation of any 
provision of this Agreement shall be null and void at the outset. In the 
event of a permitted assignment hereunder, this Agreement will be binding 
upon and inure to the benefit of the Parties’ permitted successors or 
assigns.


ARTICLE XVIII

BREACH, DEFAULT, AND REMEDIES

Section 18.1. Deflagging. Upon the occurrence of any of the events below 
(each a “Deflagging Event”), without limiting its other rights and remedies 
herein, Licensor has the right to require Licensee to Deflag the applicable 
Licensed Vacation Ownership Property and terminate access to or use of all 
Licensed IP, Hilton Data and Loyalty Program by the applicable Licensed 
Vacation Ownership Property, whether or not it is Controlled by an HOA or 
Controlled by Licensee (the “Deflagged Property”), and Licensor may 
exercise the applicable remedy as set forth below:

(a) If execution is levied against any Licensed Vacation Ownership Property 
in connection with a final, non-appealable judgment for the payment of an 
amount in excess of $10,000,000 USD (as adjusted annually after the 
Effective Date by the CPI Adjustment), or a suit to foreclose any lien, 
mortgage or security interest (except for foreclosures with respect to 
consumer financing and mechanics liens that are placed on such Licensed 
Vacation Ownership Property in the ordinary course of business) on such 
Licensed Vacation Ownership Property or any property necessary for the 
operation of such Licensed Vacation Ownership Property in accordance with 
Standards and Agreements, is initiated and not vacated within ninety (90) 
days, then Licensor may issue of notice of breach to Licensee with respect 
to such Licensed Vacation Ownership Property. Licensee shall have thirty 
(30) days following notice of breach to post a bond or provide other 
financial assurances reasonably acceptable to Licensor that such Licensed 
Vacation Ownership Property can continue to operate as part of the Licensed 
Vacation Ownership Business in accordance with this Agreement. Licensee’s 
failure to obtain such bond or provide adequate financial assurances is a 
Deflagging Event and Licensor may Deflag such Licensed Vacation Ownership 
Property immediately upon notice to Licensee.
 
25

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(b) An on-going threat or danger to public health or safety occurs at any 
Licensed Vacation Ownership Property, and such occurrence has or is 
reasonably expected to have a substantial, material and adverse effect on 
such Licensed Vacation Ownership Property, Licensor, the Licensed IP or any 
goodwill associated therewith, Licensee will notify Licensor of the threat 
or danger and Licensee will provide Licensor with a plan to address such 
threat or danger in a manner reasonably acceptable to Licensor, which plan 
may include proposed arrangements to accommodate guests at alternative 
lodging facilities. Depending on the severity of such threat or danger, 
Licensor may suspend or remove such Licensed Vacation Ownership Property 
from the Licensed IP, Hilton Data and Loyalty Program until resolution of 
the threat or danger. If the threat or danger to public health or safety is 
not eliminated within six (6) months and Licensee fails to develop a plan 
to address such threat or danger in a manner reasonably acceptable to 
Licensor, it shall be a Deflagging Event and Licensor may Deflag such 
Licensed Vacation Ownership Property, immediately upon notice to Licensee.

(c) Except where the failure to meet the applicable thresholds for 
performance under the quality assurance audit system at such Licensed 
Vacation Ownership Property is directly a result of Licensor’s actions or 
inactions with respect to the provision of management services or shared 
services at such Licensed Vacation Ownership Property, it shall be a 
Deflagging Event if Licensed Vacation Ownership Property fails to achieve 
the thresholds of performance established by the Licensor’s quality 
assurance audit system and such failure has not been cured within the 
applicable cure period under the quality assurance audit system which shall 
not be less than thirty (30) days. If Licensee fails to cure or enter into 
a remediation arrangement with Licensor within ninety (90) days following 
the date of the Deflagging Event, or fails to improve the performance of 
such Licensed Vacation Ownership Property in accordance with the 
remediation arrangement, Licensor may Deflag such Licensed Vacation 
Ownership Property, immediately upon notice to Licensee.

(d) If any Licensed Vacation Ownership Property is not Operated in 
compliance with the Standards and Agreements and this Agreement, Licensor 
may issue a notice of breach to Licensee with respect to such Licensed 
Vacation Ownership Property. If Licensee fails to cure the breach within 
the time period specified in the notice, which shall not be less than 
thirty (30) days, it shall be a Deflagging Event. If Licensee fails to cure 
or enter into a remediation arrangement with Licensor within sixty (60) 
days following the date of the Deflagging Event, or fails to improve the 
performance of such Licensed Vacation Ownership Property in accordance with 
the remediation arrangement, Licensor may Deflag such Licensed Vacation 
Ownership Property, immediately upon notice to Licensee.

(e) Any Deflagging Event shall not affect the rights of the other Licensed 
Vacation Ownership Properties hereunder. Upon notice from Licensor of 
Deflagging, Licensee shall notify the Deflagged Property within 30 days, 
and starting from the date of Deflagging, Licensee will comply with the 
terms of Section 19.1 with respect to such property. If Licensee then 
wishes to continue to operate the Deflagged Property, Licensee may operate 
it solely as a Separate Operation. This Section 18.1 is cumulative with, 
and shall not limit Licensor’s rights under Section 18.3.

(f) If Licensee fails to operate any Sales Facility or Member Service 
Center in compliance with the Standards and Agreements or this Agreement, 
then Licensor may issue a notice of breach with respect to such failure. If 
Licensee fails to remedy within thirty (30) days of such notice, then 
Licensor may require Licensee to close such Sales Facility or Member 
Service Center or cease to operate such Sales Facility or Member Service 
Center as part of the Licensed Vacation Ownership Business.
 
26

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(g) Upon the occurrence of a Deflagging Event, without limiting its other 
rights and remedies herein, Licensee shall not develop new phases of such 
Licensed Vacation Ownership Property as determined by Licensor its sole 
discretion until the breach is cured.

Section 18.2. Termination by Licensor for Bankruptcy by Licensee. Licensor 
may immediately terminate this Agreement, effective upon notice to the 
Licensee, if Licensee dissolves, liquidates, ceases business operations 
(excluding a merger into another entity that continues such operations 
thereafter), becomes insolvent, generally does not pay its debts as they 
become due or files a voluntary petition (or consents to an involuntary 
petition) or an involuntary petition is filed and is not dismissed within 
sixty (60) days under any bankruptcy, insolvency or similar Laws.

Section 18.3. Termination by Licensor For Breach by Licensee. Licensor may 
immediately terminate this Agreement in its entirety, effective upon notice 
to Licensee, if at any time during the Term:

(a) (i) 25% or more of the Licensed Vacation Ownership Properties are 
failing the performance thresholds of Licensor’s then-current quality 
assurance system for Vacation Ownership Properties or (ii) Licensee’s 
overall customer satisfaction score for all Licensed Vacation Ownership 
Properties is less than 60, and in each case of (i) and (ii), such failure 
has not been cured within the applicable cure period under the quality 
assurance or customer satisfaction audit system, which shall not be less 
than thirty (30) days or (iii) Licensee fails to operate any Licensed 
Vacation Ownership Property in compliance with this Agreement or the 
Standards and Agreements, or otherwise breaches any of the foregoing, and 
such failure or breach has a material adverse effect on the business, 
goodwill, operations, assets, liabilities (actual or contingent) or 
financial condition of Licensor and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole;

(b) Licensee timely fails to pay any amounts due herein in excess of (i) $5 
million USD (as adjusted annually after the Effective Date by the CPI, or 
its equivalent, if the CPI is unavailable (the “CPI Adjustment”) and does 
not cure such payment within fifteen (15) days or (ii) $3 million USD 
(subject to the CPI Adjustment) two (2) or more times within any 
twenty-four (24) month period;

(c) A threat or danger to public health or safety occurs at any Licensed 
Vacation Ownership Property, and such occurrence has a material adverse 
effect on the business, goodwill, operations, assets, liabilities (actual 
or contingent) or financial condition of Licensor and its Subsidiaries, 
taken as a whole;

(d) Licensee directly or indirectly becomes an Affiliate of a Person who is 
(i) (x) owned or Controlled by, or is acting on behalf of any Governmental 
Entity of any country that is subject to comprehensive U.S. sanctions in 
force; (y) located in, organized under the laws of or ordinarily resident 
in any such country; or (c) identified by any Governmental Entity as a 
person with whom dealings and transactions by Licensee are prohibited or 
restricted or (ii) a Hilton Competitor, unless the Hilton Competitor’s 
Vacation Ownership Business is managed thereafter as a Separate Operation;

(e) Licensee breaches Section 9.2 (without giving effect to the provisions 
therein that would render any breaching transaction null and void) or 
Section 9.3; or

(f) Licensee (i) contests in any Action Licensor’s ownership or the 
validity of the Licensed IP or Hilton Data or assists any other Person to 
do same; (ii) assigns this Agreement in violation of Section 17.1 (without 
giving effect to the provisions in Section 17.3 that would render such 
assignment null and void); (iii) intentionally submits false information or 
maintains false records or books with respect to its payment obligations 
herein; (iv) has a senior executive or board member that is convicted of a 
felony (or any other crime that is reasonably likely to harm Licensor, the 
Licensed Marks or their goodwill); or (v) is the subject of publicly 
disclosed information that harms any licenses or permits held by Licensor 
or its Subsidiaries or their stature with any Governmental Entity.
 
27

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Section 18.4. Termination of Corporate Name Rights. Licensee’s license to 
use the Licensed Marks as a trade, corporate, d/b/a or similar name shall 
terminate automatically if: (x) the aggregate number of units of 
accommodation in the Licensed Vacation Ownership Business falls below 
two-thirds of the total number of units of accommodation in Licensee’s 
entire Vacation Ownership Business; (y) if Licensee, directly or 
indirectly, merges with or into or acquires Control of the assets of 
Marriott International, Inc., Marriott Vacations Worldwide Corporation, 
Hyatt Hotels Corporation, Wyndham Worldwide Corporation, and Interval 
Leisure Group, Inc. or their respective Affiliates and Licensee or any such 
other Person uses the brands of such Persons in any business after such 
acquisition or (z) Licensee becomes an Affiliate of a Hilton Competitor, in 
each case regardless of whether the Licensed Vacation Ownership Business is 
operated as a Separate Operation.

Section 18.5. Suspension. Upon a default under Section 18.3(a) or Section 
18.3(c), without limiting its other rights and remedies herein, Licensor 
has the right to (i) suspend Licensee’s access to and use of all Licensed 
IP and/or Hilton Data (other than the Licensed Marks and Licensed Content) 
until such breach is cured.


ARTICLE XIX

POST TERMINATION OBLIGATIONS

Section 19.1. After Termination. On termination or expiration of this 
Agreement, Licensee will:

(a) within 10 days, pay all sums due and owing to Licensor, including all 
costs and expenses incurred by Licensor in obtaining injunctive relief in 
connection with the enforcement of this Agreement;

(b) cease using (and at Licensor’s option, securely destroy or return when 
applicable) the Licensed IP and Hilton Data according to the following 
deadlines:

(i) immediately, cease creating new advertising, marketing and promotional 
materials in any form or media that contain the Licensed Marks;

(ii) immediately, cease all access to and use of Licensor’s Confidential 
Information;

(iii) within 10 days, cease all access to the Licensed System;

(iv) within 10 days, at Licensor’s option, securely destroy or return to 
Licensor all of Licensor’s Confidential Information;

(v) within 20 days, delete all uses of Licensed Marks from all websites, 
social and mobile media and other digital or electronic venues in 
Licensee’s possession or control and establish Licensor’s designated 
employees as all contact names on any registrations or reservations for 
domain names, social, mobile media and similar identifiers;

(vi) within 30 days, file to change or transfer to Licensor, at Licensor’s 
option, all corporate, trade and d/b/a names and vanity telephone numbers 
to names (or numbers corresponding to names) that do not contain any 
Licensed Marks;
 
28

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(vii) within 60 days, cease using all Licensed Content in digital or 
electronic media;

(viii) within 6 months, cease using all business cards, stationery, 
brochures, portable signage and all other printed matter and collateral 
that is visible to the public and bears the Licensed Marks;

(ix) within 1 year, remove the Licensed Marks from all motor vehicles and 
large outdoor signage; and

(x) in the next replacement cycle, cease using all internal office 
collateral that is not visible to the public and bears the Licensed Marks.

Section 19.2. Liquidated Damages. Each Party agrees that the termination of 
this Agreement due to the fault of Licensee will cause substantial damage 
to Licensor, and without limiting Licensor’s right to seek injunctive or 
equitable relief, Licensor may in its sole discretion elect to receive, in 
lieu of actual damages, a payment of liquidated damages not as a penalty, 
but as a commercially reasonable estimate of the minimum just and fair 
compensation for its lost profits and/or direct damages. If Licensor so 
elects, such liquidated damages will be due thirty (30) days following any 
termination of this Agreement and shall be an amount equal to the net 
present value as of the termination date of all unpaid Royalties and fees 
under Article III that Licensor expected (had Licensee not breached) to 
collect for the remainder of the Term. A discount rate of 8% shall be used 
to determine the net present value.

Section 19.3. Cross-Default. Upon termination of this Agreement, all 
Standards and Agreements shall automatically terminate.

Section 19.4. Survival. Section 1.1(b), Article III (for fees accruing 
prior to termination date), Section 4.2, Section 13.1, Section 14.1, 
Section 14.2(a), Section 15.1–Section 15.3, Section 16.1 and Section 16.5, 
Article XIX and Article XXI–Article XXV shall survive the expiration or 
termination of this Agreement.


ARTICLE XX

COMPLIANCE WITH LAWS

Section 20.1. Applicable Laws. At all times during the Term, Licensee will 
(i) at its sole expense, operate the Licensed Vacation Ownership Business 
in strict compliance with all applicable Laws and (ii) subject to 
reimbursement by Licensor for its commercially reasonable out-of-pocket 
costs, provide Licensor with all information relating to the Licensed 
Vacation Ownership Business that is necessary or desirable to allow 
Licensor to comply with all applicable Laws.

Section 20.2. Notice of Events.

(a) Licensee shall promptly provide to Licensor all Information Licensor 
reasonably requests about Licensee and its Subsidiaries (including its and 
their respective beneficial owners, officers, directors, shareholders, 
partners or members) and/or the Licensed Vacation Ownership Business and 
the Licensed Vacation Ownership Properties;

(b) Licensee shall give Licensor notice within ten (10) business days of 
(i) any occurrence that reasonably could materially adversely affect any 
Licensed Vacation Ownership Property, the Licensed Vacation Ownership 
Business or the financial condition of Licensee, (ii) any communication 
from a Governmental Entity alleging that the Licensed Vacation Ownership 
Business (or Licensee’s
 
29

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Operating of same) fails to comply with any Laws, or that may materially 
adversely affect the Operation or financial condition of Licensee or the 
Licensed Vacation Ownership Business or (iii) any potential or pending 
Action of which Licensee becomes aware (x) that names Licensor or its 
Subsidiaries, the Licensed IP or Hilton Data, (y) that would be reasonably 
likely to have a material adverse effect on the Licensed Vacation Ownership 
Business, the Licensed IP or Hilton Data or (z) with respect to which the 
amount in controversy relating to the Licensed Vacation Ownership Business 
exceeds five million dollars ($5,000,000 USD).


ARTICLE XXI

RELATIONSHIP OF PARTIES

Section 21.1. Consent Standard. Any consent or approval given under this 
Agreement may be given or withheld by a Party in its sole discretion, 
unless otherwise specified.

Section 21.2. Independent Contractor. The Parties are independent 
contractors, and nothing in this Agreement is intended to constitute or 
deem either Party as an agent, legal representative, fiduciary, subsidiary, 
joint venturer, partner, manager, employee or servant of the other Party 
for any purpose, provided that Licensor may act on Licensee’s behalf as 
Licensee’s agent for purposes of booking reservations at any Licensed 
Vacation Ownership Property. Nothing in this Agreement authorizes either 
Party to make, provide, or enter into any contract, agreement, warranty or 
representation on the other Party’s behalf or to incur any debt or other 
obligation in the other Party’s name.


ARTICLE XXII

GOVERNING LAW/DISPUTE RESOLUTION

Section 22.1. Governing Law. This Agreement shall be governed by and 
construed in accordance with the Laws of the State of New York without 
reference to any choice-of-law or conflicts of law principles that would 
result in the application of the laws of a different jurisdiction.

Section 22.2. Negotiation. In the event of a dispute arising out of or in 
connection with this Agreement (including its interpretation, performance 
or validity) (collectively, “Agreement Disputes”), the general counsels of 
the relevant Parties (or such other individuals designated thereby) shall 
negotiate for a maximum of 21 days (or a mutually-agreed extension) (such 
period of days, the “Negotiation Period”) from the time of receipt by a 
Party of written notice of such Agreement Dispute. The relevant Parties 
shall not assert the defenses of statute of limitations and laches for any 
delays arising due to the procedures in Sections 22.2 or 22.3.

Section 22.3. Mediation. If the Parties have not timely resolved the 
Agreement Dispute under Section 22.2, the Parties agree to submit the 
Agreement Dispute within to mediation no later than 10 days following the 
end of the Negotiation Period, with such mediation to be conducted in 
accordance with the Mediation Procedure of the International Institute for 
Conflict Prevention and Resolution (“CPR”). The Parties to the Agreement 
Dispute agree to bear equally the CPR and mediator’s costs. The Parties 
agree to participate in good faith in the mediation for a maximum of 14 
days (or a mutually agreed extension). If the Parties have not timely 
resolved the Agreement Dispute pursuant to this Section 22.3, either Party 
may then bring an action in accordance with Sections 22.4 and 22.5 herein.

Section 22.4. Consent to Jurisdiction. Each Party irrevocably submits to 
the exclusive jurisdiction of (a) the Court of Chancery of the State of 
Delaware or (b) if such court does not have subject matter jurisdiction, 
any other state or federal court located within the County of New Castle in 
the
 
30

------------------------------------------------------------------------
State of Delaware, to resolve any Agreement Dispute that is not resolved 
pursuant to Sections 22.2 or 22.3. Any judgment of such court may be 
enforced by any court of competent jurisdiction. Further, notwithstanding 
Sections 22.2 and 22.3, either Party may apply to the above courts set 
forth in Section 22.4(a) & 22.4(b) above for a temporary restraining order 
or similar emergency relief during the process set forth in Sections 22.2 
and 22.3. Each of the Parties agrees that service by U.S. registered mail 
to such Party’s respective address set forth above shall be effective 
service of process for any of the above Actions and irrevocably and 
unconditionally waives any objection to the laying of venue of any Action 
in accordance with this Section 22.4. Nothing in this Section 22.4 shall 
limit or restrict the Parties from agreeing to arbitrate any Agreement 
Dispute pursuant to mutually-agreed procedures.

Section 22.5. Waiver of Jury Trial. EACH OF THE PARTIES HEREBY WAIVES TO 
THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO A 
TRIAL BY JURY WITH RESPECT TO ANY ACTION ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION 
WITH THIS AGREEMENT, INCLUDING ANY AGREEMENT DISPUTE.

Section 22.6. Confidentiality. All information and communications between 
the Parties relating to an Agreement Dispute and/or under the procedures in 
Sections 22.2 and 22.3 shall be considered “Confidential Information” under 
Article XIV herein.

Section 22.7. Continuity of Performance. Unless otherwise agreed in 
writing, the Parties shall continue to perform under this Agreement during 
the course of dispute resolution under this Article XXII with respect to 
all matters not subject thereto.


ARTICLE XXIII

NOTICES

All notices under this Agreement shall be in English, in writing and given 
or made by delivery in person, by overnight courier service, by facsimile 
with receipt confirmed (followed by delivery of an original via overnight 
courier service) or by registered or certified mail (postage prepaid, 
return receipt requested) to the respective Parties at the following 
addresses (or at such other address for a Party as shall be specified in a 
notice given in accordance with this Article XXIII):

To Licensor:

Hilton Worldwide Holdings Inc.
7930 Jones Branch Drive, Suite 1100
McLean, Virginia 22102
Attn: General Counsel
Facsimile: (703) 883-6188

To Licensee:

Hilton Grand Vacations Inc.
6355 MetroWest Boulevard, Suite 180
Orlando, Florida 32835
Attn: General Counsel
Facsimile: (407) 722-3776
 
31

------------------------------------------------------------------------
ARTICLE XXIV

MISCELLANEOUS

Section 24.1. Complete Agreement; Construction. This Agreement, including 
the Exhibits, shall constitute the entire agreement between the Parties 
with respect to the subject matter hereof and shall supersede all previous 
negotiations, commitments, course of dealings and writings with respect to 
such subject matter.

Section 24.2. Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in more than one 
counterpart, all of which shall be considered one and the same agreement, 
and shall become effective when one or more such counterparts have been 
signed by each of the Parties and delivered to the other Parties. Facsimile 
or PDF signature shall serve as originals for purposes of binding the 
Parties hereto.

Section 24.3. Amendment. This Agreement may not be modified or waived in 
whole or in part except by an agreement in writing signed by Licensor and 
Licensee.

Section 24.4. Third Party Beneficiaries. This Agreement is solely for the 
benefit of the Parties and should not be deemed to confer upon third 
parties any remedy, claim, liability, reimbursement, claim of action or 
other right in excess of those existing without reference to this 
Agreement.

Section 24.5. Title and Headings. Titles and headings to sections herein 
are inserted for the convenience of reference only and are not intended to 
be a part of or to affect the meaning or interpretation of this Agreement.

Section 24.6. Severability. In the event any one or more of the provisions 
contained in this Agreement should be held invalid, illegal or 
unenforceable in any respect, the validity, legality and enforceability of 
the remaining provisions contained herein shall not in any way be affected 
or impaired thereby, and such provision shall be interpreted to fullest 
extent possible consistent with the Parties’ intent. Further, the Parties 
shall endeavor in good-faith negotiations to replace the invalid, illegal 
or unenforceable provisions with valid provisions, the economic effect of 
which comes as close as possible to that of the invalid, illegal or 
unenforceable provisions.

Section 24.7. Interpretation. The Parties have participated jointly in the 
negotiation and drafting of this Agreement. This Agreement shall be 
construed without regard to any presumption or rule requiring construction 
or interpretation against the Party drafting or causing any instrument to 
be drafted.

Section 24.8. No Waiver. No failure to exercise and no delay in exercising, 
on the part of any Party, any right, remedy, power or privilege hereunder 
shall operate as a waiver hereof or thereof; nor shall any single or 
partial exercise of any right, remedy, power or privilege hereunder or 
thereunder preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise 
of any other right, remedy, power or privilege.

Section 24.9. Cumulative Remedies. No right or remedy conferred upon or 
reserved to Licensor or Licensee by this Agreement is intended to be, nor 
will be, deemed exclusive of any other right or remedy herein or by law or 
equity provided or permitted, but each will be cumulative of every other 
right or remedy.

Section 24.10. Force Majeure. Neither Party (or any Person acting on its 
behalf) shall have any liability or responsibility for failure to fulfill 
any obligation (other than a payment obligation or Licensee’s obligations 
under Article XIV) under this Agreement (which is an “Ancillary Agreement” 
as
 
32

------------------------------------------------------------------------
defined in the Distribution Agreement), so long as and to the extent to 
which the fulfillment of such obligation is prevented, frustrated, hindered 
or delayed as a consequence of circumstances of Force Majeure. A Party 
claiming the benefit of this provision shall, as soon as reasonably 
practicable after the occurrence of any such event: (a) notify the other 
Party of the nature and extent of any such Force Majeure condition and (b) 
use due diligence to remove any such causes and resume performance under 
this Agreement as soon as feasible.


ARTICLE XXV

WARRANTIES

Section 25.1. By Each Party. Without modifying the Distribution Agreement, 
each Party represents and warrants to the other Party that: (i) the 
warranting Party has full power and authority to execute and deliver this 
Agreement and to perform its obligations under this Agreement and (ii) this 
Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by the warranting Party and, 
assuming the due execution and delivery of this Agreement by both Parties, 
constitutes a valid and binding agreement of the warranting Party 
enforceable against the warranting Party in accordance with its terms.

Section 25.2. Disclaimer. Except as expressly set forth in Section 25.1, 
each Party disclaims any representations and warranties, either express or 
implied, with respect to this Agreement, and Licensor disclaims any 
representations and warranties, either express or implied, with respect to 
the Licensed Marks, including any warranty of ownership, non-infringement, 
suitability, value, fitness for use or non-infringement of third party 
rights.

Section 25.3. Limitation on Damages. Except for claims arising under or 
breaches of Article XVI, neither Party will be liable to the other Party 
for any (i) special, incidental, indirect, exemplary, punitive or 
consequential damages or (ii) except for Licensor’s reasonably estimated 
lost profits included in the liquidated damages payment in Section 19.2, 
lost profits, in each case, relating to this Agreement, regardless of 
whether such Party has been notified of the possibility or the 
foreseeability thereof.


[Signature Page Follows]
 
33

------------------------------------------------------------------------
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties have caused this Agreement to be duly 
executed as of the day and year first above written.
 
HILTON WORLDWIDE HOLDINGS INC.
By: 	  	 
Name: 	  	
Title: 	  	
HILTON GRAND VACATIONS INC.
By: 	  	 
Name: 	  	
Title: 	  	

------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXHIBIT A

DEFINITIONS

As used in this Agreement, the following terms shall have the following 
meanings:

(1) “Action” shall mean any demand, action, claim, suit, countersuit, 
arbitration, inquiry, subpoena, case, litigation, proceeding or 
investigation (whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative) by 
or before any court or grand jury, any Governmental Entity or any 
arbitration or mediation tribunal.

(2) “Acquired Vacation Business” has the meaning set forth in Section 
2.6(a).

(3) “Acquired Vacation Property Inventory” has the meaning set forth in 
Section 2.6(c).

(4) “Affiliate” shall mean, when used with respect to any Person, another 
Person that directly or indirectly Controls, is Controlled by or is under 
common Control with such Person. For clarity, Licensor, Licensee and PHRI 
(and their respective Subsidiaries after the Effective Date) shall not be 
deemed to be Affiliates of each other in this Agreement.

(5) “Agreement” means this HGV License Agreement, including all Exhibits 
and Schedules, as each may be amended by the Parties from time to time.

(6) “Blocked Person” shall mean (i) a Person designated by the U.S. 
Department of Treasury’s Office of Foreign Assets Control as a “specially 
designated national or blocked person” or similar status; (ii) a Person 
described in Section 1 of U.S. Executive Order 13224, issued on September 
23, 2001; or (iii) a Person otherwise identified by government or legal 
authority as a Person with whom Licensor, Licensee or any of their 
Affiliates, are prohibited from transacting business As of the Effective 
Date, a list of such designations and the text of the Executive Order are 
published under the internet website address 
www.ustreas.gov/offices/enforcement/ofac.

(7) “Brand Standards” shall mean the guidelines developed for use with the 
Licensed Vacation Ownership Business as modified, amended or supplemented 
from time to time in accordance with Article VII, which include without 
limitation standards and specifications related to health, fire and life 
safety, security, guest services and assistance, quality assurance as well 
as design and construction standards, it being acknowledged Brand Standards 
differ from other Licensor brand standards in a manner to reflect 
appropriate differences between hotel service levels and service levels 
applicable to the Licensed Vacation Ownership Business.

(8) “Call” has the meaning set forth in the Marketing Services Agreement.

(9) “Club Revenue” shall mean Licensee’s revenue resulting from the 
collection of annual dues paid by members (mandatory and voluntary) of the 
Licensed Exchange Program.

(10) “Co-Located Licensor Lodging Property” has the meaning set forth in 
Section 5.6(a).

(11) “Confidential Information” shall mean all confidential, proprietary or 
non-public Information, content or materials in any form or media provided 
by or on behalf of a Party to the other Party hereunder, including any 
information relating to a Party or its Subsidiaries (or any other Person 
who has provided such Information to them under obligations of 
confidentiality) and/or their respective activities, businesses or 
operations, including financial, technical, customer, personnel and 
marketing Information. For clarity, Licensor’s Confidential Information 
shall include the Standards and Agreements, Hilton Data, Licensed Software 
and Licensed System.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(12) “Contract Sales” shall mean the sum of (i) the gross sale price paid 
or to be paid to a third party in a fee for service transaction or 
arrangement for the initial sale or re-sale of interests held by third 
parties in Vacation Ownership Properties, and (ii) gross sale price paid or 
to be paid for the initial sale or re-sale of interests held in Vacation 
Ownership Properties, regardless of whether any part thereof is financed. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Contract Sales excludes maintenance fees, 
management fees, dues, exchange fees, enrollment fees, closing costs, 
transaction costs, including brokerage commissions and expenses, applicable 
Taxes paid by an owner of Vacation Ownership Business or its Affiliates or 
gross up for Taxes paid by purchasers, or interest or financing charges 
with respect to financed purchases.

(13) “Control” of a person shall mean having direct or indirect (i) 
ownership of all or substantially all of the properties or assets of a 
person; (ii) right to appoint a majority of the members of the board of 
directors of such person; and/or (iii) beneficial ownership of more than 
50% of the outstanding shares of stock or other equity interests of any 
class of such person entitled to vote in the election of directors, or 
otherwise to participate in the direction of the management and policies, 
of such person (excluding shares or equity interests entitled so to vote or 
participate only upon the happening of some contingency). For the purposes 
of this definition, “person” and “beneficial owner” have the meanings used 
in Section 13(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.

(14) “CPI” shall mean the “Consumer Price Index” published by the Bureau of 
Labor Statistics of the United States Department of Labor, U.S. City 
Average, All Items (Not Seasonally Adjusted) (1982-1984=100). If the 
Consumer Price Index is hereafter converted to a different standard 
reference base or otherwise revised, any determination hereunder that uses 
the Consumer Price Index shall be made with the use of such conversion 
factor, formula or table for converting the Consumer Price Index as may be 
published by the Bureau of Labor Statistics, or, if the bureau shall no 
longer publish the same, then with the use of such conversion factor, 
formula or table as may be published by any nationally recognized publisher 
of similar statistical information.

(15) “CPI Adjustment” has the meaning set forth in Section 18.3(b).

(16) “CPR” has the meaning set forth in Section 22.3.

(17) “Data Security Policies” shall mean any current or future posted or 
internal agreement, standard or policy of a Person relating to the 
integrity, operation, redundancy, disaster recovery, security testing, 
monitoring and remediation of Systems used in such Person’s or its 
Affiliates’ business (and the data therein).

(18) “Deflag” shall mean, with respect to (i) a Licensed Vacation Ownership 
Property, for such property to lose its license to use the Hilton Data, 
Loyalty Program and Licensed IP herein and (ii) Licensor Lodging Property, 
for Licensor to cease Operating such property under a Hilton Mark.

(19) “Deflagged Property” has the meaning set forth in Section 18.1.

(20) “Deflagging Event” has the meaning set forth in Section 18.1.

(21) “Disclosing Party” has the meaning set forth in Section 14.1(a).

(22) “Disputes” has the meaning set forth in Section 22.2.
 
2

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(23) “Distribution Agreement” has the meaning set forth in the Recitals to 
this Agreement.

(24) “Effective Date” has the meaning set forth in the opening paragraph of 
this Agreement.

(25) “Eligible HOA Expenses” shall mean Eligible HOA operating expenses, 
reserves and real estate taxes.

(26) “Eligible HOAs” shall mean HOAs operated in connection with Licensed 
Vacation Ownership Properties (i) subsequent to the Effective Date of this 
Agreement and ii) along with the following Licensed Vacation Ownership 
Properties operated as of the Effective Date: HLTV Vacation Suites, LV 
Tower 52 Vacation Suites, AOC Vacation Suites, Ocean 22 Vacation Suites, 
Sunrise Lodge, Las Palmeras, GI Vacation Suites, Ocean Oak Vacation Suites, 
TD Suites, HC Suites and BW Vacation Suites. Future phases of existing 
resorts where new phases will be combined with existing phases for HOA 
assessment purposes, such as RL Vacation Suites, WBKL Vacation Suites and 
Las Vegas Boulevard Vacation Suites, shall be excluded from this 
definition, however, if such new phases are not under the existing HOA, 
they shall be counted when assessing Royalty.

(27) “Exchange Program” shall mean any program or arrangement for the 
voluntary exchange of the right to use and occupy an accommodation unit for 
the right to use or occupy another accommodation unit. For example, as of 
the Effective Date, Licensee operates the following Exchange Programs: 
Hilton Grand Vacations Club Exchange Program and Hilton Club Exchange 
Program.

(28) “Fee For Services Sales Price” shall mean the gross sale price paid or 
to be paid to a third party in a fee for service transaction or arrangement 
for the initial sale or re-sale of interests held by third-parties in 
Licensed Vacation Ownership Properties (excluding HGVClub at Craigendarroch 
Suites and HGVClub at MarBrisa). For the avoidance of doubt, the Fee For 
Services Sales Price excludes maintenance fees, management fees, dues, 
exchange fees, enrollment fees, closing costs, transaction costs, including 
brokerage commissions and expenses, applicable Taxes paid by Licensee or 
its Affiliates or gross up for Taxes paid by purchasers, or interest or 
financing charges with respect to financed purchases. To the extent that 
interests in Licensed Vacation Ownership Properties are used as 
consideration, in whole or in part, for the purchase of interests in other 
Licensed Vacation Ownership Properties (i.e., upgrades), then the Fee For 
Services Sales Price shall be the difference between the gross sales price 
paid by the owner for the prior interest in the Licensed Vacation Ownership 
Property and the gross sales price paid by the owner for the newly acquired 
interest in the Licensed Vacation Ownership Property.

(29) “Force Majeure” shall mean, with respect to a Party, an event beyond 
the commercially reasonable control of such Party (or any Person acting on 
its behalf), which by its nature could not have been foreseen by such Party 
(or such Person), or, if it could have been foreseen, was unavoidable, and 
includes acts of God, storms, floods, riots, labor unrest, pandemics, 
nuclear incidents, fires, sabotage, civil commotion or civil unrest, 
interference by civil or military authorities, acts of war (declared or 
undeclared) or armed hostilities or other national or international 
calamity or one or more acts of terrorism or failure of energy sources or 
distribution facilities.

(30) “Fractional Vacation Club Business” shall mean (i) business of 
Operating properties for vacation or leisure purposes in which Persons 
acquire an shared ownership interest in or right to use (including through 
interests in a land trust or similar real estate vehicle, Destination Club, 
and/or in the form of points, deeded weeks or other currency) one or more 
specified overnight accommodations and associated facilities, in each case, 
on a recurring, minimum periodic basis greater than twenty-seven (27) days 
per calendar year, and pay for such interest or right in advance (whether 
payments lump-sum or periodically over time and (ii) natural ancillary 
products or services for such business.
 
3

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(31) “GBCS Services” shall mean a series of commercial services centrally 
delivered by Licensor including, but not limited to, group lead generation, 
business travel sales RFP management, sales operational support, EDGE 
program management and online demand generation and optimization, and third 
party distribution.

(32) “Governmental Entity” shall mean any (i) nation or government, any 
state, municipality or other political subdivision thereof; (ii) entity, 
body, agency, commission, department, board, bureau or court, whether U.S., 
state, municipal, foreign or multinational, exercising executive, 
legislative, judicial, regulatory or administrative functions of or 
pertaining to government and any official thereof; and (iii) stock exchange 
or industry self-regulatory organization.

(33) “Gross Revenues” shall mean the sum of:
 
  	(a) 	the aggregate Gross Sales Price;
 
  	(b) 	the Fee For Services Sales Price;
 
  	(c) 	Leasehold Sales Price Amortization;
 
  	(d) 	Property Operations Revenue;
 
  	(e) 	Club Revenue;
 
  	(f) 	Marketing Package Revenue;
 
  	(g) 	Transient Rental Revenue; and
 
  	(h) 	Eligible HOA Expenses.

(34) “Gross Sales Price” shall mean the gross sale price paid or to be paid 
to Licensee or its Affiliates for the initial sale or re-sale of interests, 
other than those sold with a reversionary leasehold interest, held by 
Licensee or its Affiliates in Licensed Vacation Ownership Properties 
(excluding HGVClub at Craigendarroch Suites and HGVClub at MarBrisa), 
regardless of whether any part thereof is financed by Licensee or any 
third-party. For the avoidance of doubt, the Gross Sales Price excludes bad 
debt expense, maintenance fees, management fees, dues, exchange fees, 
enrollment fees, closing costs, transaction costs, including brokerage 
commissions and expenses and incentives granted to a purchaser at the time 
of purchase, applicable Taxes paid by Licensee or its Affiliates or gross 
up for Taxes paid by purchasers, or interest or financing charges with 
respect to financed purchases. To the extent that interests in Licensed 
Vacation Ownership Properties are used as consideration, in whole or in 
part, for the purchase of interests in other Licensed Vacation Ownership 
Properties (i.e. upgrades), then the Gross Sales Price shall be the 
difference between the original gross sales price paid for the first 
Licensed Vacation Ownership Property and gross sales price of the newly 
acquired Licensed Vacation Ownership Property.

(35) “HHonors LLC” has the meaning set forth in Section 7.5.

(36) “Hilton Competitor” shall mean any Person who (i) Operates a Lodging 
Business and/or (ii) competes with Licensor or its Subsidiaries in any 
other business other than exclusively in the Vacation Ownership Business at 
any time during the Term, and the Affiliates of any such Person.
 
4

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(37) “Hilton Data” shall mean the Loyalty Program Data and all guest, 
customer or member profiles, contact information (including addresses, 
phone numbers and email addresses), histories, preferences and other 
related information obtained or derived from guests, customers or members 
in connection with any Lodging Business of Licensor or its Subsidiaries.

(38) “Hilton Information Technology System Agreement” shall mean that 
certain Hilton Information Technology System Agreement which the Parties 
have entered into concurrent with this Agreement.

(39) “Hilton Marks” shall mean all Trademarks owned or controlled by 
Licensor or its Affiliates, including the Licensed Marks.

(40) “HOA” shall mean an association of owners with ownership interests in 
a Vacation Ownership Property (i.e., the single governing association, not 
the individual homeowners within the HOA).

(41) “Information” shall mean information and data in any form or media, 
including written, oral, electronic, computerized or digital.

(42) “Initial Noncompetition Term” has the meaning set forth in Section 
2.2(a).

(43) “Intellectual Property” shall mean all worldwide intellectual 
property, proprietary and industrial property rights, including all (i) 
patents, patent applications, inventions and invention disclosures and 
utility models, (ii) trademarks, service marks, corporate, trade, d/b/a or 
similar names, logos, slogans, designs, trade dress, domain names, social 
and mobile media identifiers and other designations of source or origin, 
together with the goodwill symbolized by any of the foregoing 
(collectively, “Trademarks”), (iii) copyrights, (iv) trade secrets, 
know-how, processes and methods, and (v) all registrations, applications, 
continuations, continuations-in-part, divisionals, reissues, 
re-examinations, substitutions, renewals, extensions and foreign 
counterparts thereof.

(44) “Laws” shall mean all laws, statutes, ordinances, orders, rules, 
directives, judgments and decrees (by consent or otherwise), regulations, 
codes, permits, licenses, certificates, authorizations, directions and 
requirements of, issued by or executed with any Governmental Entity.

(45) “Leasehold Sales Price Amortization” shall mean the recognition of the 
sales price of a Licensed Vacation Ownership Property sold subject to a 
reversionary leasehold interest. For avoidance of doubt, Leasehold Sales 
Price Amortization will be calculated by multiplying the sales price of the 
Licensed Vacation Ownership Property by a fraction, the numerator of which 
is the time period over which the license is being recognized and the 
denominator is the leasehold period.

(46) “Licensed Content” shall mean all consumer-facing advertising and 
promotional materials in any form or media that are owned by Licensor or 
its Subsidiaries and displayed in print, digital, electronic or 
computerized form and are provided to Licensee in Licensor’s discretion 
during the Term for use in connection with the Licensed Vacation Ownership 
Business, but excluding all software, information technology infrastructure 
and other non-consumer-facing assets and items.

(47) “Licensed Exchange Program” shall mean an exchange program operated by 
Licensee that uses the Licensed Marks. For example, as of the Effective 
Date, Licensee operates the following Licensed Exchange Programs: Hilton 
Grand Vacations Club Exchange Program and Hilton Club Exchange Program.
 
5

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(48) “Licensed HOA” shall mean the HOA in the Licensed Vacation Ownership 
Business that has hired Licensee to manage its Licensed Vacation Ownership 
Property.

(49) “Licensed IP” shall mean the Licensed Marks, the Licensed Content, the 
Licensed System and the Licensed Software.

(50) “Licensed Marks” shall mean the trademarks “Hilton Grand Vacations” 
and “HGV” and “Hilton Club” in their entirety, and not any variations 
thereof, including the term “Hilton” standing alone or used with any other 
words, terms, designs or other elements, including those registered 
trademarks set forth on Exhibit C.

(51) “Licensed Software” shall mean the business software and hardware 
system, currently known as OnQ, which Licensor may periodically change in 
its sole discretion (including changes to the way in which OnQ data is 
delivered to users and their properties), that is currently comprised of 
software that includes a proprietary property management component, 
reservations component, revenue management component, rate & inventory 
component, learning management component and other components Licensor 
considers necessary to support the following activities: reservations, 
sales, distribution, customer relationship management, operations, and 
business intelligence gathering and analysis.

(52) “Licensed System” shall mean Licensor’s then-current reservation 
system pursuant to which Licensor offers inventory of vacant rooms to the 
public.

(53) “Licensed Vacation Ownership Business” shall mean (i) Licensee’s 
business of Operating the Licensed Exchange Program and Licensed Vacation 
Ownership Properties (or interests therein) for vacation or leisure 
purposes, (ii) natural extensions of and ancillary products and services 
for such business of Licensee, including membership services, financing, 
establishing and operating sales facilities, managing rental programs 
associated with Licensed Vacation Ownership Properties, but excluding 
products on Exhibit D or products and services of the type excluded from 
the Vacation Ownership Business definition, (iii) products and services 
that Licensor has approved pursuant to Section 9.4 and (iv) the products 
and services of Licensee set forth on Exhibit E.

(54) “Licensed Vacation Ownership Property” shall mean the existing 
Licensed Vacation Ownership Properties and Vacation Ownership Properties 
under development listed in Exhibit F and additional Vacation Ownership 
Properties approved by Licensor pursuant to Section 9.1, and for clarity, 
excluding any Separate Operations and any Non-Licensed Existing Projects. 
Where the Licensed Vacation Ownership Property is limited to Licensed 
Vacation Ownership units being offered within a larger, mixed-use facility, 
and Licensee or its Affiliates do not control the other improvements, 
structures, facilities, entry and exit rights, parking, pools, landscaping, 
and other appurtenances located at such facility, then the Licensed 
Vacation Ownership Property shall refer to such Licensed Vacation Ownership 
units and not to which Licensee or its Affiliates do not control.

(55) “Licensee” has the meaning set forth in the opening paragraph of this 
Agreement.

(56) “Licensee Data” shall mean all guest, customer or member profiles, 
contact information (including addresses, phone numbers and email 
addresses), histories, preferences and other related information obtained 
or derived by Licensee or its Subsidiaries from guests, customers or 
members in connection with (i) owners of Licensed Vacation Ownership 
Properties in their capacity as owners of such Licensed Vacation Ownership 
Properties; and (ii) owners or other guests, members or customers of the 
Licensed Vacation Ownership Business to the extent collected by Licensee or 
its Subsidiaries in connection with the marketing and sale of Licensed 
Vacation Ownership Properties. “Licensee Data” shall not include any (x) 
Loyalty Program Data or (y) data collected from owners, members or other 
guests or customers in connection with a transient stay or event at 
Licensed Vacation Ownership Properties, except as covered by subsection 
(ii) above.
 
6

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(57) “Licensee Parties” has the meaning set forth in Section 5.9(a).

(58) “Licensee Systems” shall mean, collectively, all Systems used in the 
Licensed Vacation Ownership Business, whether owned by Licensee or any 
other Person.

(59) “Licensor” has the meaning set forth in the opening paragraph of this 
Agreement.

(60) “Licensor Brand Identity Guidelines” shall mean Licensor’s general 
guidelines for its licensees’ use of the Licensed Marks, as may be modified 
by Licensor and provided to Licensee throughout the Term.

(61) “Licensor Lodging Properties” shall mean those hotels, resorts and 
other lodging properties that are Operated by Licensor or its Affiliates, 
including those bearing the Waldorf Astoria Hotels & Resorts, Conrad Hotels 
& Resorts, Canopy by Hilton, Hilton Hotels & Resorts, Curio–A Collection by 
Hilton, DoubleTree by Hilton, Embassy Suites Hotels, Hilton Garden Inn, 
Hampton by Hilton, Tru by Hilton, Homewood Suits by Hilton, Home2 Suits by 
Hilton and Hilton brand names.

(62) “Lodging Business” shall mean the (i) business of Operating hotels, 
resorts or other transient or extended stay lodging, fractional residential 
sales, whole ownership or branded residential sales, destination clubs, 
travel clubs, travel agencies (including online travel agencies), serviced 
apartments, condo hotels, home sharing and similar facilities and (ii) all 
related ancillary services, including travel agent services and loyalty 
programs (in any current or future media).

(63) “Losses” has the meaning set forth in Section 16.1(a).

(64) “Loyalty Program” shall mean the guest frequency or reward program 
predominantly used by Licensor Branded Lodging Properties at any time 
during the Term, which such program is currently titled the Hilton HHonors
® program.

(65) “Loyalty Program Data” shall mean all member profiles, contact 
information (including addresses, phone numbers and email addresses), 
histories, preferences and other related information obtained or derived 
from members of the Loyalty Program.

(66) “Loyalty Program Points” shall mean any point credits earned by 
Loyalty Program members that are redeemable for various rewards in the 
Loyalty Program.

(67) “Marketing Agreements” has the meaning set forth in Section 9.6(a).

(68) “Marketing Content” has the meaning set forth in Section 9.5(a).

(69) “Marketing Package Revenue” shall mean revenue from the sale of 
vacation packages for stays at Licensor Lodging Properties or Licensed 
Vacation Ownership Properties which related to the marketing of Licensed 
Vacation Ownership Properties which include the sale of trial memberships 
of the Licensed Exchange Program known as exit, sampler or vacation 
introduction programs as well as forfeiture revenue related to the 
expiration of vacation packages and trial memberships.

(70) “Marketing Services Agreement” has the meaning set forth in Section 
11.1
 
7

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(71) “Measuring Year” has the meaning set forth in Section 2.2(b).

(72) “Member Service Center” shall mean a facility at which Licensee 
provides owners of Vacation Ownership Properties with off-site services 
with respect to their use and enjoyment of such ownership interests.

(73) “New Property” has the meaning set forth in Section 5.2(b).

(74) “Noncompetition Term” shall have the meaning set forth in Section 
2.2(b).

(75) “Non-Licensed Existing Projects” shall mean the projects that do not 
use the Licensed Marks and existed prior to the Effective Date listed on 
Exhibit G.

(76) “Operate” shall mean, with respect to a business or property, (i) 
owning, financing, developing, redeveloping, managing, marketing, 
operating, licensing, leasing or franchising vacation properties; and/or 
(ii) acquiring or selling ownership of or the right to use individual units 
within properties included in such business.

(77) “Operating Guidelines” shall mean Licensor’s general guidelines set 
forth on Exhibit B for operation of Vacation Ownership Properties under the 
Licensed Marks, as may be modified by Licensor throughout the Term.

(78) “Parties” has the meaning set forth in the opening paragraph of this 
Agreement.

(79) “Party” has the meaning set forth in the opening paragraph of this 
Agreement.

(80) “Party Agreements” has the meaning set forth in the definition of 
Standards and Agreements.

(81) “Percentage of Completion” shall mean a fraction of which the 
numerator is the total project construction costs incurred for a Licensed 
Vacation Ownership Property under construction at the end of a reporting 
period and the denominator is the total expected project construction costs 
for such Licensed Vacation Ownership Property.

(82) “Person” shall mean any natural person, firm, individual, corporation, 
business trust, joint venture, association, company, limited liability 
company, partnership or other organization or entity, whether incorporated 
or unincorporated, or any Governmental Entity.

(83) “PHRI” has the meaning set forth in the Recitals to this Agreement.

(84) “Privacy Policy” shall mean any current or future posted or internal 
agreement, standard or policy of a Person relating to privacy, personal, 
regulated or confidential information or personally identifiable 
information.

(85) “Program Fee” shall mean the fee paid by Licensor’s branded hotels to 
Licensor or its designee for various programs benefitting Licensor’s 
branded hotel system, including (i) advertising, promotion, publicity, 
public relations, market research, and other marketing programs, (ii) 
developing and maintaining directories and Internet sites for properties; 
(iii) developing and maintaining the reservation service systems and 
support; (iv) quality assurance programs; and (v) administrative costs and 
overhead related to the administration or direction of these projects and 
programs.
 
8

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(86) “Property Operations Revenue” shall mean Licensee’s or its Affiliates’ 
gross revenue resulting from the operation of spas and wellness centers; 
retail; food and beverage; and other on-property operations, in conjunction 
with a Licensed Vacation Ownership Property. Property Operations Revenue 
shall not include any onsite revenue related to the Anderson Ocean Club 
with respect to managing the Anderson Ocean Club HOA (this property is a 
joint timeshare and whole ownership project that includes multiple 
associations and the revenues represent reimbursements from the various 
associations).

(87) “Purchase Contract” has the meaning in Section 3.1(b)(i).

(88) “Reasonable Best Efforts” shall mean (i) commercially reasonable 
efforts plus, if necessary, (ii) any additional actions that do not (x) 
incur material out-of-pocket costs; (y) require material additional 
employee resources; and/or (z) materially interfere with the conduct of the 
performing party’s applicable business.

(89) “Receiving Party” has the meaning set forth in Section 14.1(a).

(90) “Recipients” has the meaning set forth in Section 14.1(a).

(91) “Related Parties” has the meaning set forth in Section 16.1(a).

(92) “Renewal Noncompetition Term” has the meaning set forth in Section 
2.2(b).

(93) “Royalty” has the meaning set forth in Section 3.1(a)(i).

(94) “Sales Facilities” shall mean galleries, desks and other physical 
facilities from which interests in units of Vacation Ownership Properties 
are offered and sold to the public.

(95) “Security Breach” has the meaning set forth in Section 14.2(d).

(96) “Separate Operations” shall mean a project or business that satisfies 
all of the following conditions: (i) it is operated completely separately 
from the Licensed Vacation Ownership Business with respect to physical 
locations of Licensed Vacation Ownership Properties and is not directly 
exchangeable or interchangeable with Licensed Vacation Ownership Properties 
(including through Exchange Programs owned or operated by Licensee or its 
Affiliates); (ii) it is sold through separate and distinct sales locations 
and personnel (other than common regional-level management personnel) from 
the Licensed Vacation Ownership Business and uses separate Member Service 
Centers and Sales Facilities; (iii) it is operated and marketed without use 
of (or access to) the Loyalty Program, any Licensed IP or Hilton Data (or 
any key word, ad word, metatag or similar device designed to attract 
viewers or users in online, social, mobile or other media that uses a 
Licensed Mark); (iv) it is not a Subsidiary of, or operated directly or 
indirectly by a Person that uses the Licensed Marks as a corporate, trade 
or d/b/a name; and (v) it is advertised, marketed and otherwise presented 
to the public as being operated completely separately from the Licensed 
Vacation Ownership Business.

(97) “Shortfall Payment” has the meaning set forth in Section 2.2(c).

(98) “Standards” has the meaning set forth in the definition of “Standards 
and Agreements.”

(99) “Standards and Agreements” shall mean all (i) standards, rules, 
guidelines, manuals and policies that are provided to the Licensee, 
including Brand Standards, Licensor Brand Identity Guidelines, Licensor’s 
Privacy Polices, Data Security Policies and Operating Guidelines (the “
Standards”) and (ii) agreements executed by the Parties as of the Effective 
Date (other than the Agreement) or at any time during the Term, in each 
case, with respect to the Licensed IP or Hilton Data and/or any aspect of 
Licensee’s activities, the Licensed Vacation Ownership Business and the 
Marketing Services Agreement (the “Party Agreements”).
 
9

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(100) “Subsidiary” shall mean, when used with respect to any Person, 
another Person that is directly or indirectly Controlled by such Person.

(101) “Systems” shall mean software, systems, networks, computers, hardware 
and other information technology assets.

(102) “Tail Period” has the meaning set forth in Section 4.2.

(103) “Taxes” has the meaning set forth in Section 3.8.

(104) “Term” has the meaning set forth in Section 4.1.

(105) “Territory” for each Licensed Mark shall mean all countries and 
jurisdictions worldwide in which (i) Licensor has a valid registration for 
such Licensed Mark as of the Effective Date or (ii) Licensor has approved 
Licensee’s use of the Licensed Mark in writing pursuant to Section 5.2.

(106) “Trademarks” has the meaning set forth within the definition of 
“Intellectual Property.”

(107) “Transient Rental Revenue” shall mean all revenues generated from the 
transient rental of inventory of Licensed Vacation Ownership Properties and 
conversion properties (but not Marketing Package Revenue) (i) that is held 
for development and sale and owned by a Licensee Party; (ii) that is 
Controlled by Licensee or its Affiliates as a result of VOP Owner’s 
participation in programmatic elements of Licensed Vacation Ownership 
Business (e.g., exchange, banking, borrowing, Brand Loyalty Program trade, 
and similar programs); and (iii) that is Controlled by Licensee, its 
Affiliates or an HOA as a result of VOP Owner default (e.g., maintenance 
fee defaults or financing defaults) pending foreclosure or cure in the 
ordinary course of business. Transient Rental Revenue shall also include 
bonus point, guest resort charge, open season rental, access fees and no 
show revenue for stays at Licensed Vacation Ownership Properties.

(108) “Undeveloped Parcels” has the meaning set forth in Section 5.3(a).

(109) “Vacation Ownership Business” shall mean (i) the business of 
Operating Vacation Ownership Properties (or interests therein) for vacation 
or leisure purposes, (ii) natural ancillary products and services for such 
business of Licensee, including membership services, Exchange Programs, 
financing, establishing and operating sales facilities, managing rental 
programs associated with Vacation Ownership Properties, but excluding 
destination clubs, travel clubs, travel agencies (including online travel 
agencies), serviced apartments, condo hotels, home sharing and similar 
facilities, (iii) products and services that Licensor has approved Licensee 
to offer pursuant to Section 9.4, and (iv) any business ancillary amenities 
to Vacation Ownership Properties, such as country clubs, spas, golf 
courses, food and beverage outlets, gift and sundry shops, only if they are 
physically located on a Vacation Ownership Property (and excluding any of 
same, if they are not physically located on such property). Vacation 
Ownership Business excludes the Fractional Vacation Club Business, Whole 
Ownership Business, and any products and services of the type set forth on 
Exhibit H.

(110) “Vacation Ownership Property” shall mean (i) a property in which 
Persons acquire an ownership interest in or right to use (including through 
interests in a land trust or similar real estate vehicle and/or in the form 
of points, deeded weeks or other currency) one or more specified overnight
 
10

------------------------------------------------------------------------
accommodations and associated facilities on a recurring, periodic basis, in 
all cases for less than 28 days per calendar year, and pay for such 
interest or right in advance (whether payments lump-sum or periodically 
over time), (ii) all improvements, structures, facilities, entry and exit 
rights, parking, pools, landscaping and other appurtenances (including the 
property building) located at the site of the property and (iii) all 
furniture, fixtures, equipment, supplies and inventories installed or 
located in such improvements at the site of the property.

(111) “Whole Ownership Business” shall mean the business of developing or 
operating a project that includes whole residential units, including single 
family homes, condominium units, or other housing units which are owned on 
a whole (not fractional) ownership basis.


References; Interpretation.

References in this Agreement to the singular include references to the 
plural and vice versa. The word “including” shall be deemed to be followed 
by the phrase “without limitation”. All references to “$” or “dollar” 
herein shall be references to U.S. dollars. Unless the context otherwise 
requires, the words “hereof”, “hereby” and “herein” and words of similar 
meaning when used in this Agreement refer to this Agreement in its 
entirety.

The Parties acknowledge that given the long length of the Term, evolutions 
in technology and industry practices will occur. Therefore, the definitions 
herein shall be interpreted broadly to include new media and distribution 
channels or new industry products and services that are equivalent or 
analogous to those existing on the Effective Date, so as to give each Party 
the full benefit of its bargain herein over the Term. By way of example, 
the terms telephone, domain names, metatags and credit cards shall be 
interpreted to include their successor versions and replacements during the 
Term.
 
11

------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXHIBIT B

OPERATING GUIDELINES

Licensee shall perform all of the obligations listed herein. In the event 
of a conflict between these guidelines and any existing or new Standards 
and Agreements, the latter shall control.
 
I. 	Operation of the Licensed Vacation Ownership Properties

(a) Keep the Licensed Vacation Ownership Properties open and operating 
twenty-four (24) hours a day, three hundred sixty-five (365) days a year.

(b) Operate the Licensed Vacation Ownership Business in such a manner to 
provide courteous, uniform, respectable and high quality lodging and other 
services and conveniences to the public.

(c) Purchase a particular brand of product or service to maintain the 
common identity and reputation of the Licensed Marks and/or purchase 
products or services from suppliers or distributors approved by Licensor.

(d) Participate in and pay all charges in connection with all required 
guest complaint resolution programs, which programs may include chargebacks 
to a Licensed Vacation Ownership Property for guest refunds or credits and 
all required quality assurance programs, such as guest comment cards, 
customer surveys and mystery shopper programs.

(e) Participate in, and promptly pay all fees, commissions and charges 
associated with all travel agent commission programs and third-party 
reservation and distribution services (such as airline reservation 
systems).

(f) Pay Licensor all fees and charges, if any, Licensor requires for 
Licensee’s personnel to attend such training programs. Licensee is 
responsible for all travel, lodging and other expenses Licensee or its 
employees incur in attending these programs.

(g) Purchase and maintain property management, revenue management, in-room 
entertainment, telecommunications, high-speed internet access and other 
computer and technology systems that Licensor designates as necessary based 
on its assessment of the long-term best interests of the Vacation Ownership 
Business.
 
II. 	Ownership and Control of the Vacation Ownership Properties

(a) Not directly or indirectly conduct or permit any gaming or casino 
operations in or connected to any Licensed Vacation Ownership Property or 
otherwise engage in any activity which, in Licensor’s business judgment, is 
likely to adversely reflect upon or affect in any manner, any gaming 
licenses or permits held or applied for by Licensor or its Affiliates.

(b) Not share the business operations of or license, lease or sublease 
commercial space in the Licensed Vacation Ownership Properties, or enter 
into concession or other arrangements for operations in connection with the 
Licensed Vacation Ownership Business, without Licensor’s prior written 
consent.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
III. 	Marketing and Promotion

(a) Display in a manner reasonably prominent and visible to visitors, 
guests and customers of the Licensed Vacation Ownership Business all 
Marketing Content that Licensor provides, and allow advertising and 
promotion only of Licensor Lodging Properties on the Licensed Vacation 
Ownership Properties.

(b) Honor the terms of any discount or promotional programs (including any 
frequent guest program) that Licensor offers to the public, any room rate 
quoted to any guest for an advance reservation and any award certificates 
issued to guests participating in these programs.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXHIBIT C

(Licensed Marks)
 
TRADEMARK
   	
COUNTRY
   	
TRADEMARK
STATUS
   	
APPLICATION
NO.
   	
REGISTRATION
NO.
HGVCLUB 	   	United States of America 	   	Registered 	   	74412050 	   	
1827728
HGV 	   	United States of America 	   	Pending 	   	86926636 	   	
HGVCLUB 	   	EUTM 	   	Registered 	   	003520079 	   	003520079
HGVCLUB 	   	Austria 	   	Registered 	   	003520079 	   	003520079
HGVCLUB 	   	Benelux 	   	Registered 	   	003520079 	   	003520079
HGVCLUB 	   	Bulgaria 	   	Registered 	   	003520079 	   	003520079
HGVCLUB 	   	Croatia 	   	Registered 	   	003520079 	   	003520079
HGVCLUB 	   	Cyprus 	   	Registered 	   	003520079 	   	003520079
HGVCLUB 	   	Czech Republic 	   	Registered 	   	003520079 	   	003520079
HGVCLUB 	   	Denmark 	   	Registered 	   	003520079 	   	003520079
HGVCLUB 	   	Estonia 	   	Registered 	   	003520079 	   	003520079
HGVCLUB 	   	Finland 	   	Registered 	   	003520079 	   	003520079
HGVCLUB 	   	France 	   	Registered 	   	003520079 	   	003520079
HGVCLUB 	   	Germany 	   	Registered 	   	003520079 	   	003520079
HGVCLUB 	   	Gibraltar 	   	Registered 	   	003520079 	   	003520079
HGVCLUB 	   	Greece 	   	Registered 	   	003520079 	   	003520079
HGVCLUB 	   	Hungary 	   	Registered 	   	003520079 	   	003520079
HGVCLUB 	   	Ireland 	   	Registered 	   	003520079 	   	003520079
HGVCLUB 	   	Italy 	   	Registered 	   	003520079 	   	003520079
HGVCLUB 	   	Latvia 	   	Registered 	   	003520079 	   	003520079
HGVCLUB 	   	Lithuania 	   	Registered 	   	003520079 	   	003520079
HGVCLUB 	   	Malta 	   	Registered 	   	003520079 	   	003520079
HGVCLUB 	   	Poland 	   	Registered 	   	003520079 	   	003520079
HGVCLUB 	   	Portugal 	   	Registered 	   	003520079 	   	003520079
HGVCLUB 	   	Romania 	   	Registered 	   	003520079 	   	003520079
HGVCLUB 	   	Slovakia 	   	Registered 	   	003520079 	   	003520079
HGVCLUB 	   	Slovenia 	   	Registered 	   	003520079 	   	003520079
HGVCLUB 	   	Spain 	   	Registered 	   	003520079 	   	003520079
HGVCLUB 	   	Sweden 	   	Registered 	   	003520079 	   	003520079
HGVCLUB 	   	United Kingdom 	   	Registered 	   	003520079 	   	003520079
HGVCLUB 	   	Jersey 	   	Registered 	   	003520079 	   	003520079
HILTON GRAND VACATIONS 	   	United States of America 	   	Registered 	   	
85445480 	   	4157339
HILTON GRAND VACATIONS 	   	United States of America 	   	Registered 	   	
78804055 	   	3304342
HILTON GRAND VACATIONS 	   	Peru 	   	Registered 	   	472351 	   	3725

------------------------------------------------------------------------
TRADEMARK
   	
COUNTRY
   	
TRADEMARK
STATUS
   	
APPLICATION
NO.
   	
REGISTRATION
NO.
HILTON GRAND VACATIONS 	   	United Arab Emirates 	   	Registered 	   	
163800 	   	163800
HILTON GRAND VACATIONS 	   	St. Maarten 	   	Registered 	   	1105480 	   	
1105480
HILTON GRAND VACATIONS 	   	Samoa 	   	Registered 	   	6048 	   	6048
HILTON GRAND VACATIONS 	   	Kenya 	   	Registered 	   	1105480 	   	
1105480
HILTON GRAND VACATIONS 	   	Israel 	   	Registered 	   	1105480 	   	
1105480
HILTON GRAND VACATIONS 	   	Tonga 	   	Registered 	   	02515 	   	02082
HILTON GRAND VACATIONS 	   	Guatemala 	   	Registered 	   	20119209 	   	
182520
HILTON GRAND VACATIONS 	   	Guatemala 	   	Registered 	   	20119210 	   	
183444
HILTON GRAND VACATIONS 	   	Djibouti 	   	Registered 	   	43711RADM 	   	
43711RADM
HILTON GRAND VACATIONS 	   	Ecuador 	   	Registered 	   	201111607 	   	
196313
HILTON GRAND VACATIONS 	   	Ecuador 	   	Registered 	   	201111609 	   	
196213
HILTON GRAND VACATIONS 	   	Gaza 	   	Registered 	   	15931 	   	15931
HILTON GRAND VACATIONS 	   	Kazakhstan 	   	Registered 	   	56017 	   	
40344
HILTON GRAND VACATIONS 	   	Mauritius 	   	Registered 	   	MUM1114121 	   	
123382012
HILTON GRAND VACATIONS 	   	Mozambique 	   	Registered 	   	1105480 	   	
1105480
HILTON GRAND VACATIONS 	   	Aruba 	   	Registered 	   	11101218 	   	29916
HILTON GRAND VACATIONS 	   	Aruba 	   	Registered 	   	11101219 	   	29917
HILTON GRAND VACATIONS 	   	Costa Rica 	   	Registered 	   	201110256 	   	
216085
HILTON GRAND VACATIONS 	   	El Salvador 	   	Registered 	   	2011113303 	   	
07200015016
HILTON GRAND VACATIONS 	   	Hong Kong 	   	Registered 	   	302055186 	   	
302055186
HILTON GRAND VACATIONS 	   	New Zealand 	   	Registered 	   	850844 	   	
850844
HILTON GRAND VACATIONS 	   	Macau 	   	Registered 	   	N60404 	   	N60404
HILTON GRAND VACATIONS 	   	Macau 	   	Registered 	   	N60405 	   	N60405

------------------------------------------------------------------------
TRADEMARK
   	
COUNTRY
   	
TRADEMARK
STATUS
   	
APPLICATION
NO.
   	
REGISTRATION
NO.
HILTON GRAND VACATIONS 	   	United Arab Emirates 	   	Registered 	   	
163799 	   	163799
HILTON GRAND VACATIONS 	   	Namibia 	   	Pending 	   	110434 	   	
HILTON GRAND VACATIONS 	   	United Kingdom 	   	Registered 	   	2597428 	   	
2597428
HILTON GRAND VACATIONS 	   	Canada 	   	Registered 	   	1547389 	   	
TMA836213
HILTON GRAND VACATIONS 	   	Zanzibar 	   	Registered 	   	ZND2011387 	   	
ZND2011387
HILTON GRAND VACATIONS 	   	Honduras 	   	Registered 	   	3478311 	   	
17436
HILTON GRAND VACATIONS 	   	Honduras 	   	Registered 	   	3478811 	   	
17433
HILTON GRAND VACATIONS 	   	Philippines 	   	Registered 	   	42015002850 	  
 	42015002850
HILTON GRAND VACATIONS 	   	WIPO 	   	Registered 	   	1105480 	   	1105480
HILTON GRAND VACATIONS 	   	Albania 	   	Registered 	   	1105480 	   	
1105480
HILTON GRAND VACATIONS 	   	Antigua & Barbuda 	   	Registered 	   	1105480 	
   	1105480
HILTON GRAND VACATIONS 	   	Armenia 	   	Registered 	   	1105480 	   	
1105480
HILTON GRAND VACATIONS 	   	Australia 	   	Registered 	   	1105480 	   	
1105480
HILTON GRAND VACATIONS 	   	Azerbaijan 	   	Registered 	   	1105480 	   	
1105480
HILTON GRAND VACATIONS 	   	Bahrain 	   	Registered 	   	1105480 	   	
1105480
HILTON GRAND VACATIONS 	   	Belarus 	   	Registered 	   	1105480 	   	
1105480
HILTON GRAND VACATIONS 	   	Bhutan 	   	Registered 	   	1105480 	   	
1105480
HILTON GRAND VACATIONS 	   	Bosnia & Herzegovina 	   	Registered 	   	
1105480 	   	1105480
HILTON GRAND VACATIONS 	   	China 	   	Registered 	   	1105480 	   	
1105480
HILTON GRAND VACATIONS 	   	Croatia 	   	Registered 	   	1105480 	   	
1105480
HILTON GRAND VACATIONS 	   	Curacao 	   	Registered 	   	1105480 	   	
1105480
HILTON GRAND VACATIONS 	   	Georgia 	   	Registered 	   	1105480 	   	
1105480
HILTON GRAND VACATIONS 	   	Iceland 	   	Registered 	   	1105480 	   	
1105480

------------------------------------------------------------------------
TRADEMARK
   	
COUNTRY
   	
TRADEMARK
STATUS
   	
APPLICATION
NO.
   	
REGISTRATION
NO.
HILTON GRAND VACATIONS 	   	Japan 	   	Registered 	   	1105480 	   	
1105480
HILTON GRAND VACATIONS 	   	Kyrgyzstan 	   	Registered 	   	1105480 	   	
1105480
HILTON GRAND VACATIONS 	   	Liechtenstein 	   	Registered 	   	1105480 	   	
1105480
HILTON GRAND VACATIONS 	   	Macedonia 	   	Registered 	   	1105480 	   	
1105480
HILTON GRAND VACATIONS 	   	Madagascar 	   	Registered 	   	1105480 	   	
1105480
HILTON GRAND VACATIONS 	   	Moldova (Republic of) 	   	Registered 	   	
1105480 	   	1105480
HILTON GRAND VACATIONS 	   	Monaco 	   	Registered 	   	1105480 	   	
1105480
HILTON GRAND VACATIONS 	   	Mongolia 	   	Registered 	   	1105480 	   	
1105480
HILTON GRAND VACATIONS 	   	Montenegro 	   	Registered 	   	1105480 	   	
1105480
HILTON GRAND VACATIONS 	   	Morocco 	   	Registered 	   	1105480 	   	
1105480
HILTON GRAND VACATIONS 	   	Norway 	   	Registered 	   	1105480 	   	
1105480
HILTON GRAND VACATIONS 	   	Oman 	   	Registered 	   	1105480 	   	1105480
HILTON GRAND VACATIONS 	   	Republic of Korea (South) 	   	Registered 	   	
1105480 	   	1105480
HILTON GRAND VACATIONS 	   	Russian Federation 	   	Registered 	   	
1105480 	   	1105480
HILTON GRAND VACATIONS 	   	San Marino 	   	Registered 	   	1105480 	   	
1105480
HILTON GRAND VACATIONS 	   	Sao Tome & Principe 	   	Registered 	   	
1105480 	   	1105480
HILTON GRAND VACATIONS 	   	Serbia 	   	Registered 	   	1105480 	   	
1105480
HILTON GRAND VACATIONS 	   	Singapore 	   	Registered 	   	1105480 	   	
1105480
HILTON GRAND VACATIONS 	   	Turkey 	   	Registered 	   	1105480 	   	
1105480
HILTON GRAND VACATIONS 	   	Turkmenistan 	   	Registered 	   	1105480 	   	
1105480
HILTON GRAND VACATIONS 	   	Ukraine 	   	Registered 	   	1105480 	   	
1105480
HILTON GRAND VACATIONS 	   	Uzbekistan 	   	Registered 	   	1105480 	   	
1105480
HILTON GRAND VACATIONS 	   	Vietnam 	   	Registered 	   	1105480 	   	
1105480

------------------------------------------------------------------------
TRADEMARK
   	
COUNTRY
   	
TRADEMARK
STATUS
   	
APPLICATION
NO.
   	
REGISTRATION
NO.
HILTON GRAND VACATIONS 	   	Andorra 	   	Registered 	   	26322 	   	34740
HILTON GRAND VACATIONS 	   	Chile 	   	Registered 	   	974149 	   	1072111
HILTON GRAND VACATIONS 	   	Gaza 	   	Registered 	   	15930 	   	15930
HILTON GRAND VACATIONS 	   	Jersey 	   	Registered 	   	 	   	9142
HILTON GRAND VACATIONS 	   	Kosovo 	   	Registered 	   	121611 	   	13973
HILTON GRAND VACATIONS 	   	Kuwait 	   	Registered 	   	129762 	   	109269
HILTON GRAND VACATIONS 	   	Kuwait 	   	Registered 	   	129763 	   	109270
HILTON GRAND VACATIONS 	   	Liberia 	   	Registered 	   	 	   	
LRM201100301
HILTON GRAND VACATIONS 	   	Namibia 	   	Pending 	   	110435 	   	
HILTON GRAND VACATIONS 	   	Nepal 	   	Registered 	   	041733 	   	33107
HILTON GRAND VACATIONS 	   	Nicaragua 	   	Registered 	   	2011003774 	   	
2013099854LM
HILTON GRAND VACATIONS 	   	Rwanda 	   	Registered 	   	 	   	RWM10000354
HILTON GRAND VACATIONS 	   	Samoa 	   	Registered 	   	6047 	   	6047
HILTON GRAND VACATIONS 	   	Solomon Islands 	   	Registered 	   	 	   	
TM2847
HILTON GRAND VACATIONS 	   	St. Lucia 	   	Registered 	   	11000405 	   	
TM2011000405
HILTON GRAND VACATIONS 	   	Swaziland 	   	Registered 	   	2352011 	   	
2352011
HILTON GRAND VACATIONS 	   	Switzerland 	   	Registered 	   	615502011 	   	
625861
HILTON GRAND VACATIONS 	   	Taiwan 	   	Registered 	   	100052312 	   	
1514684
HILTON GRAND VACATIONS 	   	Tajikistan 	   	Registered 	   	11011339 	   	
10581
HILTON GRAND VACATIONS 	   	Tunisia 	   	Pending 	   	TNE201101731 	   	
HILTON GRAND VACATIONS 	   	Uganda 	   	Registered 	   	UGT2014050383 	   	
50383
HILTON GRAND VACATIONS 	   	Uganda 	   	Pending 	   	UGT2014050384 	   	
HILTON GRAND VACATIONS 	   	West Bank 	   	Registered 	   	19794 	   	
19794

------------------------------------------------------------------------
TRADEMARK
   	
COUNTRY
   	
TRADEMARK
STATUS
   	
APPLICATION
NO.
   	
REGISTRATION
NO.
HILTON GRAND VACATIONS 	   	Zanzibar 	   	Registered 	   	ZNS2011386 	   	
ZNS2011386
HILTON GRAND VACATIONS 	   	ARIPO 	   	Registered 	   	APM 2011001142 	   	
APM 2011001142
HILTON GRAND VACATIONS 	   	Tajikistan 	   	Registered 	   	13012798 	   	
TJ11100
HILTON GRAND VACATIONS 	   	Zambia 	   	Pending 	   	7392011 	   	
HILTON GRAND VACATIONS 	   	Nepal 	   	Registered 	   	041734 	   	33108
HILTON GRAND VACATIONS 	   	Malawi 	   	Registered 	   	MWTM201100380 	   	
MWTM201100380
HILTON GRAND VACATIONS 	   	St. Vincent & Grenadines 	   	Registered 	   	
3182011 	   	3182011
HILTON GRAND VACATIONS 	   	Paraguay 	   	Registered 	   	441192011 	   	
376378
HILTON GRAND VACATIONS 	   	Paraguay 	   	Registered 	   	441202011 	   	
376274
HILTON GRAND VACATIONS 	   	Qatar 	   	Registered 	   	72273 	   	72273
HILTON GRAND VACATIONS 	   	Qatar 	   	Registered 	   	72274 	   	72274
HILTON GRAND VACATIONS 	   	Nigeria 	   	Pending 	   	FTM201118292 	   	
HILTON GRAND VACATIONS 	   	Nigeria 	   	Pending 	   	FTM201118293 	   	
HILTON GRAND VACATIONS 	   	Uruguay 	   	Registered 	   	428233 	   	
428233
HILTON GRAND VACATIONS 	   	Afghanistan 	   	Registered 	   	1137 	   	
11902
HILTON GRAND VACATIONS 	   	Tanzania 	   	Registered 	   	TZS2011460 	   	
TZS2011460
HILTON GRAND VACATIONS 	   	Bahamas 	   	Pending 	   	 	   	
HILTON GRAND VACATIONS 	   	Laos 	   	Registered 	   	24879 	   	24181
HILTON GRAND VACATIONS 	   	Laos 	   	Registered 	   	24880 	   	24182
HILTON GRAND VACATIONS 	   	Anguilla 	   	Registered 	   	5162 	   	5162
HILTON GRAND VACATIONS 	   	Barbados 	   	Pending 	   	8128820 	   	
HILTON GRAND VACATIONS 	   	Dominican Republic 	   	Registered 	   	
20123781 	   	195056
HILTON GRAND VACATIONS 	   	Pakistan 	   	Pending 	   	308776 	   	

------------------------------------------------------------------------
TRADEMARK
   	
COUNTRY
   	
TRADEMARK
STATUS
   	
APPLICATION
NO.
   	
REGISTRATION
NO.
HILTON GRAND VACATIONS 	   	Pakistan 	   	Pending 	   	308777 	   	
HILTON GRAND VACATIONS 	   	Palau 	   	Cautionary Notice 	   	 	   	
HILTON GRAND VACATIONS 	   	Bolivia 	   	Registered 	   	SM055122011 	   	
136596
HILTON GRAND VACATIONS 	   	Bolivia 	   	Registered 	   	SM055112011 	   	
136595
HILTON GRAND VACATIONS 	   	Puerto Rico 	   	Pending 	   	78336 	   	
HILTON GRAND VACATIONS 	   	Malaysia 	   	Registered 	   	2011018295 	   	
2011018295
HILTON GRAND VACATIONS 	   	Malaysia 	   	Registered 	   	2011018296 	   	
2011018296
HILTON GRAND VACATIONS 	   	Jamaica 	   	Registered 	   	59078 	   	59078
HILTON GRAND VACATIONS 	   	Benin 	   	Registered 	   	3201101862 	   	
68599
HILTON GRAND VACATIONS 	   	Burkina Faso 	   	Registered 	   	3201101862 	  
 	68599
HILTON GRAND VACATIONS 	   	Cameroon 	   	Registered 	   	3201101862 	   	
68599
HILTON GRAND VACATIONS 	   	Central African Republic 	   	Registered 	   	
3201101862 	   	68599
HILTON GRAND VACATIONS 	   	Chad 	   	Registered 	   	3201101862 	   	
68599
HILTON GRAND VACATIONS 	   	Comoros 	   	Registered 	   	3201101862 	   	
68599
HILTON GRAND VACATIONS 	   	Ivory Coast 	   	Registered 	   	3201101862 	   	
68599
HILTON GRAND VACATIONS 	   	Equatorial Guinea 	   	Registered 	   	
3201101862 	   	68599
HILTON GRAND VACATIONS 	   	Gabon 	   	Registered 	   	3201101862 	   	
68599
HILTON GRAND VACATIONS 	   	Guinea 	   	Registered 	   	3201101862 	   	
68599
HILTON GRAND VACATIONS 	   	Guinea-Bissau 	   	Registered 	   	3201101862 	
   	68599
HILTON GRAND VACATIONS 	   	Mali 	   	Registered 	   	3201101862 	   	
68599
HILTON GRAND VACATIONS 	   	Mauritania 	   	Registered 	   	3201101862 	   	
68599
HILTON GRAND VACATIONS 	   	Niger 	   	Registered 	   	3201101862 	   	
68599
HILTON GRAND VACATIONS 	   	Senegal 	   	Registered 	   	3201101862 	   	
68599

------------------------------------------------------------------------
TRADEMARK
   	
COUNTRY
   	
TRADEMARK
STATUS
   	
APPLICATION
NO.
   	
REGISTRATION
NO.
HILTON GRAND VACATIONS 	   	Togo 	   	Registered 	   	3201101862 	   	
68599
HILTON GRAND VACATIONS 	   	Angola 	   	Pending 	   	30443 	   	
HILTON GRAND VACATIONS 	   	Argentina 	   	Pending 	   	3121920 	   	
HILTON GRAND VACATIONS 	   	Brazil 	   	Pending 	   	831141352 	   	
HILTON GRAND VACATIONS 	   	Burundi 	   	Registered 	   	6146BUR 	   	
6146BUR
HILTON GRAND VACATIONS 	   	Cambodia 	   	Registered 	   	43324 	   	
KH4116412
HILTON GRAND VACATIONS 	   	Colombia 	   	Registered 	   	2011134961 	   	
454809
HILTON GRAND VACATIONS 	   	Colombia 	   	Registered 	   	2011134965 	   	
454810
HILTON GRAND VACATIONS 	   	Sudan 	   	Registered 	   	44384 	   	44384
HILTON GRAND VACATIONS 	   	Sudan 	   	Registered 	   	44383 	   	44383
HILTON GRAND VACATIONS 	   	Bangladesh 	   	Registered 	   	147534 	   	
147534
HILTON GRAND VACATIONS 	   	Bangladesh 	   	Registered 	   	147535 	   	
147535
HILTON GRAND VACATIONS 	   	Bermuda 	   	Registered 	   	51221 	   	51221
HILTON GRAND VACATIONS 	   	Bermuda 	   	Registered 	   	51220 	   	51220
HILTON GRAND VACATIONS 	   	Zimbabwe 	   	Registered 	   	APM2011001142 	   	
APM2011001142
HILTON GRAND VACATIONS 	   	Caribbean Netherlands 
(BES-Bonaire,Eustatius,Saba) 	   	Registered 	   	1105480 	   	1105480
HILTON GRAND VACATIONS 	   	Algeria 	   	Pending 	   	113081 	   	
HILTON GRAND VACATIONS 	   	Angola 	   	Pending 	   	30442 	   	
HILTON GRAND VACATIONS 	   	Argentina 	   	Registered 	   	3121918 	   	
2549132
HILTON GRAND VACATIONS 	   	Belize 	   	Registered 	   	829511 	   	829511
HILTON GRAND VACATIONS 	   	Brazil 	   	Pending 	   	831141360 	   	
HILTON GRAND VACATIONS 	   	British Virgin Islands 	   	Registered 	   	
N/A 	   	2864

------------------------------------------------------------------------
TRADEMARK
   	
COUNTRY
   	
TRADEMARK
STATUS
   	
APPLICATION
NO.
   	
REGISTRATION
NO.
HILTON GRAND VACATIONS 	   	Brunei Darussalam 	   	Registered 	   	42343 	  
 	42343
HILTON GRAND VACATIONS 	   	Cambodia 	   	Registered 	   	43323 	   	
KH4116312
HILTON GRAND VACATIONS 	   	Cape Verde 	   	Pending 	   	17132011 	   	
HILTON GRAND VACATIONS 	   	Cayman Islands 	   	Registered 	   	2597428 	   	
2597428
HILTON GRAND VACATIONS 	   	Comoros 	   	Cautionary Notice 	   	 	   	
HILTON GRAND VACATIONS 	   	Dominica 	   	Registered 	   	2822011 	   	
2822011
HILTON GRAND VACATIONS 	   	Eritrea 	   	Cautionary Notice 	   	 	   	
HILTON GRAND VACATIONS 	   	Eritrea 	   	Cautionary Notice 	   	 	   	
HILTON GRAND VACATIONS 	   	Ethiopia 	   	Registered 	   	6168 	   	7747
HILTON GRAND VACATIONS 	   	Fiji 	   	Registered 	   	4782012 	   	4782012
HILTON GRAND VACATIONS 	   	Gambia 	   	Pending 	   	GMM201100130 	   	
HILTON GRAND VACATIONS 	   	Ghana 	   	Pending 	   	0006512011 	   	
HILTON GRAND VACATIONS 	   	Ghana 	   	Pending 	   	 	   	
HILTON GRAND VACATIONS 	   	Gibraltar 	   	Registered 	   	 	   	10330
HILTON GRAND VACATIONS 	   	Grenada 	   	Registered 	   	752012 	   	
752012
HILTON GRAND VACATIONS 	   	Guernsey 	   	Registered 	   	N/A 	   	
GGGT7797
HILTON GRAND VACATIONS 	   	Guernsey 	   	Pending 	   	 	   	
HILTON GRAND VACATIONS 	   	Guyana 	   	Registered 	   	25112C 	   	025112
HILTON GRAND VACATIONS 	   	Haiti 	   	Registered 	   	1447G 	   	355191
HILTON GRAND VACATIONS 	   	India 	   	Registered 	   	2218768 	   	
2218768
HILTON GRAND VACATIONS 	   	Jordan 	   	Registered 	   	120322 	   	120322
HILTON GRAND VACATIONS 	   	Jordan 	   	Registered 	   	120370 	   	120370
HILTON GRAND VACATIONS 	   	Kiribati 	   	Registered 	   	 	   	3220

------------------------------------------------------------------------
TRADEMARK
   	
COUNTRY
   	
TRADEMARK
STATUS
   	
APPLICATION
NO.
   	
REGISTRATION
NO.
HILTON GRAND VACATIONS 	   	Lesotho 	   	Registered 	   	LSM1100129 	   	
LSM1100129
HILTON GRAND VACATIONS 	   	Libya 	   	Pending 	   	 	   	
HILTON GRAND VACATIONS 	   	Libya 	   	Pending 	   	 	   	
HILTON GRAND VACATIONS 	   	Maldives 	   	Cautionary Notice 	   	 	   	
HILTON GRAND VACATIONS 	   	Marshall Islands 	   	Cautionary Notice 	   	 	
   	
HILTON GRAND VACATIONS 	   	Montserrat 	   	Registered 	   	99281770 	   	
4238
HILTON GRAND VACATIONS 	   	Myanmar 	   	Cautionary Notice 	   	119412011 	
   	
HILTON GRAND VACATIONS 	   	Nauru 	   	Pending 	   	 	   	
HILTON GRAND VACATIONS 	   	Nauru 	   	Pending 	   	 	   	
HILTON GRAND VACATIONS 	   	Panama 	   	Registered 	   	205459 	   	205459
HILTON GRAND VACATIONS 	   	Panama 	   	Registered 	   	205456 	   	
20545601
HILTON GRAND VACATIONS 	   	Papua New Guinea 	   	Registered 	   	69946 	   	
A69946
HILTON GRAND VACATIONS 	   	Papua New Guinea 	   	Registered 	   	69947 	   	
A69947
HILTON GRAND VACATIONS 	   	Puerto Rico 	   	Pending 	   	78335 	   	
HILTON GRAND VACATIONS 	   	Saudi Arabia 	   	Registered 	   	174423 	   	
143212839
HILTON GRAND VACATIONS 	   	Saudi Arabia 	   	Registered 	   	174424 	   	
143212838
HILTON GRAND VACATIONS 	   	Seychelles 	   	Registered 	   	4232011 	   	
10184
HILTON GRAND VACATIONS 	   	Seychelles 	   	Registered 	   	4222011 	   	
10183
HILTON GRAND VACATIONS 	   	Sierra Leone 	   	Pending 	   	19320 	   	
HILTON GRAND VACATIONS 	   	South Africa 	   	Registered 	   	201125367 	   	
201125367
HILTON GRAND VACATIONS 	   	South Africa 	   	Registered 	   	201125368 	   	
201125368
HILTON GRAND VACATIONS 	   	Sri Lanka 	   	Pending 	   	166219 	   	
HILTON GRAND VACATIONS 	   	Sri Lanka 	   	Pending 	   	166220 	   	

------------------------------------------------------------------------
TRADEMARK
   	
COUNTRY
   	
TRADEMARK
STATUS
   	
APPLICATION
NO.
   	
REGISTRATION
NO.
HILTON GRAND VACATIONS 	   	St. Helena 	   	Registered 	   	 	   	1836
HILTON GRAND VACATIONS 	   	St. Kitts Nevis 	   	Pending 	   	 	   	
HILTON GRAND VACATIONS 	   	Surinam 	   	Registered 	   	23535 	   	23535
HILTON GRAND VACATIONS 	   	Tanzania 	   	Pending 	   	TZS2011456 	   	
HILTON GRAND VACATIONS 	   	Trinidad & Tobago 	   	Registered 	   	44501 	  
 	44501
HILTON GRAND VACATIONS 	   	Turks & Caicos Islands 	   	Registered 	   	
16861 	   	16861
HILTON GRAND VACATIONS 	   	Tuvalu 	   	Pending 	   	 	   	
HILTON GRAND VACATIONS 	   	Vanuatu 	   	Registered 	   	 	   	25503
HILTON GRAND VACATIONS 	   	West Bank 	   	Registered 	   	19793 	   	
19793
HILTON GRAND VACATIONS 	   	Yemen 	   	Registered 	   	56673 	   	56673
HILTON GRAND VACATIONS 	   	Yemen 	   	Registered 	   	56674 	   	56674
HILTON GRAND VACATIONS 	   	Gambia 	   	Pending 	   	GMM200100131 	   	
HILTON GRAND VACATIONS 	   	Haiti 	   	Registered 	   	1448G 	   	356191
HILTON GRAND VACATIONS 	   	Venezuela 	   	Pending 	   	2011019377 	   	
HILTON GRAND VACATIONS 	   	Venezuela 	   	Pending 	   	2011019378 	   	
HILTON GRAND VACATIONS 	   	Kiribati 	   	Registered 	   	 	   	3219
HILTON GRAND VACATIONS 	   	Turks & Caicos Islands 	   	Registered 	   	
16862 	   	16862
HILTON GRAND VACATIONS 	   	Barbados 	   	Pending 	   	8128821 	   	
HILTON GRAND VACATIONS 	   	Botswana 	   	Registered 	   	APM2011001142 	   	
APM2011001142
HILTON GRAND VACATIONS 	   	Fiji 	   	Registered 	   	4792012 	   	4792012
HILTON GRAND VACATIONS 	   	Congo (Republic / Brazzaville) 	   	Registered 	
   	3201101862 	   	68599
HILTON GRAND VACATIONS 	   	OAPI 	   	Registered 	   	3201101862 	   	
68599
HILTON GRAND VACATIONS 	   	Indonesia 	   	Pending 	   	 	   	

------------------------------------------------------------------------
TRADEMARK
   	
COUNTRY
   	
TRADEMARK
STATUS
   	
APPLICATION
NO.
   	
REGISTRATION
NO.
HILTON GRAND VACATIONS 	   	Indonesia 	   	Pending 	   	 	   	
HILTON GRAND VACATIONS 	   	Thailand 	   	Pending 	   	823967 	   	
HILTON GRAND VACATIONS 	   	Thailand 	   	Pending 	   	823968 	   	
HILTON GRAND VACATIONS CLUB 	   	United States of America 	   	Registered 	
   	74228130 	   	1810193
HILTON GRAND VACATIONS CLUB in English and Katakana 	   	Japan 	   	
Registered 	   	2004042827 	   	4821215
HILTON GRAND VACATIONS design 	   	United States of America 	   	
Registered 	   	78809165 	   	3304364
HILTON INTERNATIONAL GRAND VACATIONS 	   	Slovenia 	   	Registered 	   	
001717537 	   	001717537
HILTON INTERNATIONAL GRAND VACATIONS 	   	Spain 	   	Registered 	   	
001717537 	   	001717537
HILTON INTERNATIONAL GRAND VACATIONS 	   	Sweden 	   	Registered 	   	
001717537 	   	001717537
HILTON INTERNATIONAL GRAND VACATIONS 	   	United Kingdom 	   	Registered 	  
 	001717537 	   	001717537
HILTON INTERNATIONAL GRAND VACATIONS 	   	Jersey 	   	Registered 	   	
001717537 	   	001717537
HILTON INTERNATIONAL GRAND VACATIONS 	   	Lithuania 	   	Registered 	   	
001717537 	   	001717537
HILTON INTERNATIONAL GRAND VACATIONS 	   	Malta 	   	Registered 	   	
001717537 	   	001717537
HILTON INTERNATIONAL GRAND VACATIONS 	   	Poland 	   	Registered 	   	
001717537 	   	001717537
HILTON INTERNATIONAL GRAND VACATIONS 	   	Portugal 	   	Registered 	   	
001717537 	   	001717537
HILTON INTERNATIONAL GRAND VACATIONS 	   	Romania 	   	Registered 	   	
001717537 	   	001717537
HILTON INTERNATIONAL GRAND VACATIONS 	   	Slovakia 	   	Registered 	   	
001717537 	   	001717537
HILTON INTERNATIONAL GRAND VACATIONS 	   	Gibraltar 	   	Registered 	   	
001717537 	   	001717537
HILTON INTERNATIONAL GRAND VACATIONS 	   	Greece 	   	Registered 	   	
001717537 	   	001717537
HILTON INTERNATIONAL GRAND VACATIONS 	   	Hungary 	   	Registered 	   	
001717537 	   	001717537
HILTON INTERNATIONAL GRAND VACATIONS 	   	Ireland 	   	Registered 	   	
001717537 	   	001717537
HILTON INTERNATIONAL GRAND VACATIONS 	   	Italy 	   	Registered 	   	
001717537 	   	001717537

------------------------------------------------------------------------
TRADEMARK
   	
COUNTRY
   	
TRADEMARK
STATUS
   	
APPLICATION
NO.
   	
REGISTRATION
NO.
HILTON INTERNATIONAL GRAND VACATIONS 	   	Latvia 	   	Registered 	   	
001717537 	   	001717537
HILTON INTERNATIONAL GRAND VACATIONS 	   	Czech Republic 	   	Registered 	  
 	001717537 	   	001717537
HILTON INTERNATIONAL GRAND VACATIONS 	   	Denmark 	   	Registered 	   	
001717537 	   	001717537
HILTON INTERNATIONAL GRAND VACATIONS 	   	Estonia 	   	Registered 	   	
001717537 	   	001717537
HILTON INTERNATIONAL GRAND VACATIONS 	   	Finland 	   	Registered 	   	
001717537 	   	001717537
HILTON INTERNATIONAL GRAND VACATIONS 	   	France 	   	Registered 	   	
001717537 	   	001717537
HILTON INTERNATIONAL GRAND VACATIONS 	   	Germany 	   	Registered 	   	
001717537 	   	001717537
HILTON INTERNATIONAL GRAND VACATIONS 	   	EUTM 	   	Registered 	   	
001717537 	   	001717537
HILTON INTERNATIONAL GRAND VACATIONS 	   	Austria 	   	Registered 	   	
001717537 	   	001717537
HILTON INTERNATIONAL GRAND VACATIONS 	   	Benelux 	   	Registered 	   	
001717537 	   	001717537
HILTON INTERNATIONAL GRAND VACATIONS 	   	Bulgaria 	   	Registered 	   	
001717537 	   	001717537
HILTON INTERNATIONAL GRAND VACATIONS 	   	Croatia 	   	Registered 	   	
001717537 	   	001717537
HILTON INTERNATIONAL GRAND VACATIONS 	   	Cyprus 	   	Registered 	   	
001717537 	   	001717537
HILTON INTERNATIONAL GRAND VACATIONS 	   	Egypt 	   	Registered 	   	
152093 	   	152093
HILTON INTERNATIONAL GRAND VACATIONS 	   	Egypt 	   	Registered 	   	
152094 	   	152094
HILTON INTERNATIONAL GRAND VACATIONS 	   	Egypt 	   	Registered 	   	
152095 	   	152095
STAY CONNECTED @ HILTON GRAND VACATIONS 	   	United States of America 	   	
Registered 	   	85079550 	   	4309459
STAY CONNECTED @ HILTON GRAND VACATIONS 	   	Canada 	   	Pending 	   	
1502904 	   	
STAY CONNECTED @ HILTON GRAND VACATIONS 	   	Slovakia 	   	Registered 	   	
009551623 	   	009551623
STAY CONNECTED @ HILTON GRAND VACATIONS 	   	Slovenia 	   	Registered 	   	
009551623 	   	009551623

------------------------------------------------------------------------
TRADEMARK
   	
COUNTRY
   	
TRADEMARK
STATUS
   	
APPLICATION
NO.
   	
REGISTRATION
NO.
STAY CONNECTED @ HILTON GRAND VACATIONS 	   	Spain 	   	Registered 	   	
009551623 	   	009551623
STAY CONNECTED @ HILTON GRAND VACATIONS 	   	Sweden 	   	Registered 	   	
009551623 	   	009551623
STAY CONNECTED @ HILTON GRAND VACATIONS 	   	United Kingdom 	   	
Registered 	   	009551623 	   	009551623
STAY CONNECTED @ HILTON GRAND VACATIONS 	   	Jersey 	   	Registered 	   	
009551623 	   	009551623
STAY CONNECTED @ HILTON GRAND VACATIONS 	   	Latvia 	   	Registered 	   	
009551623 	   	009551623
STAY CONNECTED @ HILTON GRAND VACATIONS 	   	Lithuania 	   	Registered 	   	
009551623 	   	009551623
STAY CONNECTED @ HILTON GRAND VACATIONS 	   	Malta 	   	Registered 	   	
009551623 	   	009551623
STAY CONNECTED @ HILTON GRAND VACATIONS 	   	Poland 	   	Registered 	   	
009551623 	   	009551623
STAY CONNECTED @ HILTON GRAND VACATIONS 	   	Portugal 	   	Registered 	   	
009551623 	   	009551623
STAY CONNECTED @ HILTON GRAND VACATIONS 	   	Romania 	   	Registered 	   	
009551623 	   	009551623
STAY CONNECTED @ HILTON GRAND VACATIONS 	   	Germany 	   	Registered 	   	
009551623 	   	009551623
STAY CONNECTED @ HILTON GRAND VACATIONS 	   	Gibraltar 	   	Registered 	   	
009551623 	   	009551623
STAY CONNECTED @ HILTON GRAND VACATIONS 	   	Greece 	   	Registered 	   	
009551623 	   	009551623
STAY CONNECTED @ HILTON GRAND VACATIONS 	   	Hungary 	   	Registered 	   	
009551623 	   	009551623
STAY CONNECTED @ HILTON GRAND VACATIONS 	   	Ireland 	   	Registered 	   	
009551623 	   	009551623

------------------------------------------------------------------------
TRADEMARK
   	
COUNTRY
   	
TRADEMARK
STATUS
   	
APPLICATION
NO.
   	
REGISTRATION
NO.
STAY CONNECTED @ HILTON GRAND VACATIONS 	   	Italy 	   	Registered 	   	
009551623 	   	009551623
STAY CONNECTED @ HILTON GRAND VACATIONS 	   	Cyprus 	   	Registered 	   	
009551623 	   	009551623
STAY CONNECTED @ HILTON GRAND VACATIONS 	   	Czech Republic 	   	
Registered 	   	009551623 	   	009551623
STAY CONNECTED @ HILTON GRAND VACATIONS 	   	Denmark 	   	Registered 	   	
009551623 	   	009551623
STAY CONNECTED @ HILTON GRAND VACATIONS 	   	Estonia 	   	Registered 	   	
009551623 	   	009551623
STAY CONNECTED @ HILTON GRAND VACATIONS 	   	Finland 	   	Registered 	   	
009551623 	   	009551623
STAY CONNECTED @ HILTON GRAND VACATIONS 	   	France 	   	Registered 	   	
009551623 	   	009551623
STAY CONNECTED @ HILTON GRAND VACATIONS 	   	Austria 	   	Registered 	   	
009551623 	   	009551623
STAY CONNECTED @ HILTON GRAND VACATIONS 	   	Benelux 	   	Registered 	   	
009551623 	   	009551623
STAY CONNECTED @ HILTON GRAND VACATIONS 	   	Bulgaria 	   	Registered 	   	
009551623 	   	009551623
STAY CONNECTED @ HILTON GRAND VACATIONS 	   	Croatia 	   	Registered 	   	
009551623 	   	009551623
STAY CONNECTED @ HILTON GRAND VACATIONS 	   	EUTM 	   	Registered 	   	
009551623 	   	009551623
STAY CONNECTED @ HILTON GRAND VACATIONS 	   	China 	   	Registered 	   	
8953399 	   	8953399
STAY CONNECTED @ HILTON GRAND VACATIONS 	   	China 	   	Registered 	   	
8953400 	   	8953400
STAY CONNECTED @ HILTON GRAND VACATIONS 	   	India 	   	Pending 	   	
2052008 	   	2052008
THE HILTON CLUB 	   	United States of America 	   	Registered 	   	
78096709 	   	2811681

------------------------------------------------------------------------
TRADEMARK
   	
COUNTRY
   	
TRADEMARK
STATUS
   	
APPLICATION
NO.
   	
REGISTRATION
NO.
THE HILTON CLUB design 	   	United States of America 	   	Registered 	   	
78167627 	   	2788816
WEST 57TH STREET BY HILTON CLUB design 	   	United States of America 	   	
Registered 	   	77465368 	   	3549743

------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXHIBIT D

(Excluded Products and Services)

None.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXHIBIT E

(Licensee’s Products and Services included in Licensed Vacation Ownership 
Business)
 
1. 	Programs and Services
 
  	1.1. 	Local programs providing access and discounts to local 
attractions, entertainment, dining, and similar services to guests at 
Licensed Vacation Ownership Properties. Such programs include Fun in the 
Sun, Elevated Rewards, Village Experience, and the Holo Holo card.
 
  	1.2. 	Short term membership programs (sometimes known as “sampler” or 
“exit programs”) where after a sales presentation a potential owner is 
offered the option to experience the benefits of being an owner for a 
limited time for a fee. Licensee’s current programs are known as the 
Vacation Introduction Program and Hawaii Vacation Introduction Program.
 
2. 	Travel agency operations:
 
  	2.1. 	Hilton Travel, LLC (operates a travel agency in Florida)
 
  	2.2. 	Hilton Resorts Corporation (operates a travel agency in Hawaii)
 
  	2.3. 	Hilton Resorts Marketing Corp (operates a travel agency in Japan)

------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXHIBIT F

(Licensed Vacation Ownership Properties under development)
 
  	   	
Project Name
   	
Location
1. 	   	Maui Bay 	   	Hawaii
2. 	   	48th Street New York 	   	New York, New York

------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXHIBIT G

(Non-Licensed Vacation Ownership Properties)
 
  	   	
Property Name
   	
Property Address
1. 	   	Casa Ybel 	   	
2255 West Gulf Drive
Sanibel, FL 33957
2. 	   	Charter Club 	   	
700 S. Colllier Boulevard
Marco Island, FL 34145
3. 	   	Club Regency 	   	
50 S. Collier Boulevard
Marco Island, FL 34145
4. 	   	Cottages at South Seas Plantation 	   	13000 South Seas Plantation 
Road
5. 	   	Eagles Nest 	   	
410 S. Collier Boulevard
Marco Island, FL 34145
6. 	   	Harbourview Villas 	   	
970 South Seas Plantation
Captiva, FL 33924
7. 	   	Hurricane House 	   	
2939 West Gulf Drive
Sanibel, FL 33957
8. 	   	Plantation Beach Club at Indian River Plantation 	   	
329 NE Tradewind Lane
Stuart, FL 34996
9. 	   	Plantation Bay Villas 	   	
13000 South Seas Plantation Road
Captiva Island, FL 33924
10. 	   	Plantation Beach Club 	   	
13000 South Seas Plantation Road
Captiva Island, FL 33924
11. 	   	Plantation House at South Seas 	   	
13000 South Seas Plantation Road
Captiva Island, FL 33924
12. 	   	Sanibel Cottages 	   	
2341 West Gulf Drive
Sanibel, FL 34996
13. 	   	Seawatch on the Beach 	   	
6550 Estero Boulevard
Fort Myers Beach, FL 33931
14. 	   	South Seas Plantation 	   	
13000 South Seas Plantation Rd
Captiva, FL 33924
15. 	   	Surf Club 	   	
540 S. Collier Boulevard
Marco Island, FL 34145
16. 	   	Tortuga Beach Club 	   	
959 East Gulf Drive
Sanibel, FL 33957
17. 	   	Valdoro Mountain Lodge 	   	
500 Village Road
Breckenridge, CO 80424

------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXHIBIT H

(Excluded Fractional Club Services)

None.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXHIBIT I

(Existing Licensed Vacation Ownership Properties)
 
  	   	
Property Name
   	
Property Address
   	CENTRAL FLORIDA 	   	
1. 	   	
Hilton Grand Vacations Club at SeaWorld
 
aka Orlando Vacation Suites
   	
6924 Grand Vacations Way
Orlando, Florida 32821
2. 	   	
Hilton Grand Vacations Club at Tuscany Village
 
aka Tuscany Village Vacation Suites
   	
8122 Arezzo Way
Orlando, Florida 32821
3. 	   	
Parc Soleil by Hilton Grand Vacations Club
 
aka RL Vacation Suites
   	
11272 Desforges, Avenue
Orlando, FL 32836
4. 	   	
Las Palmeras by Hilton Grand Vacations Club
 
aka LP Vacation Suites
   	
9501 Universal Boulevard
Orlando, FL 32839
   	SOUTH FLORIDA 	   	
5. 	   	
Hilton Grand Vacations Club at McAlpin
 
aka South Beach Vacation Suites
   	
1430 Ocean Drive
Miami, Florida 33139
   	NEVADA 	   	
6. 	   	
Hilton Grand Vacations Club at the Flamingo
 
aka FHRC Suites
   	
3575 Las Vegas Blvd. South
Las Vegas, Nevada 89109
7. 	   	
Hilton Grand Vacations Club on Paradise
 
aka Las Vegas Vacation Suites
   	
455 Karen Avenue
Las Vegas, Nevada 89109
8. 	   	
Hilton Grand Vacations Club on the Boulevard
 
aka Las Vegas Boulevard Vacation Suites
   	
455 Karen Avenue
Las Vegas, Nevada 89109
9. 	   	
Hilton Grand Vacations Club at the Trump International Hotel™ Las Vegas
 
aka HLTV Vacations Suites
   	
2000 Fashion Drive,
Las Vegas, NV 89109
10. 	   	
Elara, Hilton Grand Vacations Club
 
aka LV Tower 52 Vacation Suites
   	
80 East Harmon Avenue
Las Vegas, NV 89109
   	HAWAII 	   	
11. 	   	
Lagoon Tower by Hilton Grand Vacations Club
 
aka Hawaiian Village Vacation Suites
   	
2003 Kalia Road
Honolulu, Hawaii 96815
12. 	   	
Kalia Suites by Hilton Grand Vacations Club
 
aka KT Vacation Suites
   	
2005 Kalia Road,
Honoluly, Hawaii 96815
13. 	   	
Kohala Suites by Hilton Grand Vacations Club
 
aka Kohala Coast Vacation Suites
   	
69-550 Waikoloa Beach Drive
Waikoloa, Hawaii 96738
14. 	   	
Kings’ Land by Hilton Grand Vacations Club
 
aka WBKL Vacation Suites
   	
69-699 Waikoloa Beach Drive
Waikoloa, Hawaii 96738
15. 	   	
Grand Waikikian by Hilton Grand Vacations Club
 
aka GW Vacation Suites
   	
1811 Ala Moana Boulevard
Honolulu, Hawaii 96815
16. 	   	
Hokulani Waikiki by Hilton Grand Vacations Club
 
aka BW Vacation Suites
   	
2181 Kalakaua Condominium
Honolulu, Hawaii

------------------------------------------------------------------------
  	   	
Property Name
   	
Property Address
17. 	   	
Grand Islander by Hilton Grand Vacations Club
 
aka GI Vacation Suites
   	
Kalia road,
Honolulu, Hawaii 96815
18. 	   	The Bay Club at Waikoloa Beach Resort 	   	
69-450 Waikoloa Beach Drive
Waikoloa, Hawaii 96738
   	NEW YORK 	   	
19. 	   	
The Hilton Club-New York
 
aka HNY Club Suites
   	1335 Avenue of the Americas, New York, NY 10019
20. 	   	
The Residences by Hilton club
 
aka HC Suites
   	1335 Avenue of the Americas, New York, NY 10019
21. 	   	
West 57th Street by Hilton Club
 
aka 57th Street Vacation Suites
   	102 West 57th St., New York, New York 10019
   	SOUTH CAROLINA 	   	
22. 	   	
Ocean 22 by Hilton Grand Vacations Club
 
aka Ocean 22 by Hilton Grand Vacations Club
   	2200 North Ocean Boulevard, Myrtle Beach, South Carolina
23. 	   	
Hilton Grand Vacations Club at Anderson Ocean Club
 
aka AOC Vacation Suites
   	
2600 North Ocean Boulevard
Myrtle Beach, SC 29577
24. 	   	
Ocean Oak by Hilton Grand Vacations Club
 
aka MBV Vacation Suites
   	
41 South Forest Beach Road
Hilton Head, SC 29929
   	SCOTLAND 	   	
25. 	   	
Hilton Grand Vacations Club at Craigendarroch Suites
 
aka Craigendarroch Suites
   	Braemar Road, Ballater, Royal Deeside, Aberdeenshire, Scotland AB35 
5XA.
26. 	   	Hilton Grand Vacations Club at Craigendarroch Lodges 	   	Braemar 
Road, Ballater, Royal Deeside, Aberdeenshire, Scotland AB35 5XA.
27. 	   	Coylumbridge Highland Lodges 	   	
Coylumbridge, Aviemore
Inverness-shire PH 22 IQN
28. 	   	Lodges at Dunkheld House Lodges Club 	   	
Dunkeld, Perthshire
PH8 OHX Scotland
   	OTHER 	   	
29. 	   	The District by Hilton Club aka TD Suites 	   	
1250 22nd Street NW
Washington DC 20037
30. 	   	
Hilton Grand Vacations Club at MarBrisa
 
aka Grand Pacific MarBrisa Resort
   	5500 Grand Pacific Drive, Carlsbad, CA 92008
31. 	   	
Sunrise Lodge, a Hilton Grand Vacations Club
 
aka Sunrise Lodge
   	
2307 West High Mountains Road
Park City, Utah 84098
32. 	   	
Hilton Grand Vacations Club at Borgo Alle Vigne
 
aka Borgo Alle Vigne Fractional Ownership
   	
Via Casanova 11
Selvatelle, Terricolla
Italy 56030

------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXHIBIT J

(Undeveloped Real Estate Parcels)
 
  	   	
Project
   	
Parcels
1. 	   	
Parc Soleil
11272 Desforges Ave, Orlando, FL 32836
   	
52 acres total
Developed: 22.315
Undeveloped: 29.685
2. 	   	
Las Vegas Boulevard
2650 S Las Vegas Blvd, Las Vegas, Nevada 89109
   	
10 acres total
Developed: 4.83
Undeveloped: 2.17
3. 	   	
Kings Land
69-699 Waikoloa Beach Drive, Waikoloa Village, HI 96738
   	
112.4 acres total
Developed: 54.505
Undeveloped: 57.895
4. 	   	
Coylumbridge,
Coylumbridge Hotel, Coylumbridge Aviermore
   	Plots of land at Coylumbridge Hotel registered in the Land Register of 
Scotland under Title Number INV20700

------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXHIBIT K

(Approved Mixed-Use Development New Properties)

Third Party Mixed Use Developments:
 
1. 	Grand Pacific Resorts, Carlsbad, California
 
2. 	Trump International Hotel and Spa, Las Vegas, Nevada
 
3. 	Miracle Mile Shops at Planet Hollywood, Las Vegas, Nevada
 
4. 	Flamingo Hotel and Casino, Las Vegas, Nevada
 
5. 	Waikiki Beach Walk, Honolulu, Hawaii
 
6. 	Sunrise at Escala – Canyons Resort, Park City, Utah
 
7. 	Dunkeld House Hotel (formerly Hilton Dunkeld), Scotland, United Kingdom


Hilton Mixed Use Developments:
 
1. 	New York Hilton, New York City, New York
 
2. 	Hilton Hawaiian Village, Honolulu, Hawaii
 
3. 	Hilton Waikoloa Resort, Waikoloa, Hawaii
 
4. 	Embassy Suites Georgetown, Washington, DC
 
5. 	Hilton Odawara, Odawara, Japan
 
6. 	Hilton Coylumbridge, Scotland, United Kingdom
 
7. 	Hilton Vilamoura Resort, Vilamoura, Portugal

------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXHIBIT L

(Approved Subcontracting and Delegation Agreements)
 
PROPERTY LEGAL NAME
   	
MANAGEMENT CO.
   	SUB-MANAGEMENT CO
BW Vacation Suites
270 Lewers Street, Honolulu, Hawaii
   	Hilton Grand Vacations Management, LLC 	   	Outrigger Hotel Hawaii
Grand Pacific MarBrisa Resort
5900 Pasteur Ct., Suite 200
Carlsbad, CA 92008
   	Hilton Grand Vacations Management, LLC 	   	Grand Pacific Resort
Services, L.P.
Borgo alle Vigne Fractional Ownership Project
Viale Della Repubblica 298
Prato 59100, Italy
   	Hilton Grand Vacations Italy s.r.l. 	   	Prime Service SRL

------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXHIBIT M

(Existing Marketing Agreements for Licensed Exchange Program)
 
1. 	Anantara Resorts
 
2. 	Fiesta Americana
 
3. 	O.A.R.S. Adventure Travel
 
4. 	Guided Journeys via Tauck
 
5. 	Forever Resorts Houseboats
 
6. 	EagleRider Motorcycles
 
7. 	El Monte RV Motorhomes
 
8. 	Walking Excursions via Country Walkers
 
9. 	The Moorings Yacht Charters
 
10. 	International Cruise Exchange (ICE)
 
11. 	World Travel Holdings
 
12. 	RCI
 
13. 	SFX Preferred Resorts
 
14. 	ResorTime
 
15. 	Tokyu Resort Services
 
16. 	Tokyu corporation
 
17. 	Unimat Precious Co. Ltd
 
18. 	Kamori Kanko Co. Ltd
 
19. 	JTB Corporate Sales
 
20. 	CLEAR (airport security program)
 
21. 	GroundLink (car service)
 
22. 	Luggage Forward (door to door delivery)
 
23. 	Grand Pacific Resorts
 
24. 	Miki Tours (Japan Cruise partner)
 
25. 	Priority Pass (lounge airport access)
 
26. 	Vacation Guard (insurance)
 
27. 	Smart Destinations (Destination attractions)
 
28. 	Miracle Mile Shops at Planet Hollywood Resort and Casino
 
29. 	Avis/Budget Group
 
30. 	The Forbes Company-The Mall at Millenia
 
31. 	Engage/LRG (online shopping channel)
 
32. 	Waikoloa Golf Resort
 
33. 	Waikoloa Kohala Spa
 
34. 	JAL
 
35. 	Hawaiian Airlines