 EX-10.3 10 f1012g2017ex10iii_abthold.htm PROMISSORY NOTE
Exhibit 10.3
 
PROMISSORY NOTE
 
$500,000 	May 27, 2015
 
For good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which 
is hereby acknowledged, ABT Mining Co. Inc. , a Idaho corporation, trading 
on the OTC Markets under the symbol of “ABOT” (“Maker”), whose principal 
office is located at 301 Simplicity Avenue – Irvine, CA 92620, hereby 
promises to pay to the order of Shahan Ohanessian and or Shoushana 
Ohanessian, individuals (“Holder”), or to their assigns at 225 S. Lake 
Avenue, Suite 300 – Pasadena, CA 91101 or at such other place as Holder 
shall designate, in lawful money of the United States of America, the 
principal sum of Five Hundred Thousand Dollars ($500,000) plus interest at 
the rate of Six Percent (6%) Per Annum. Interest shall commence with the 
date hereof and shall continue in accordance with Paragraph 2 below. This 
note is created as part of the purchase of AutoClaim.com domain name.
 
1. Definitions.
 
Capitalized terms not defined herein shall have the same meaning as set 
forth in the Investment Agreement. The following terms shall have the 
meanings herein specified:
 
“Event of Default” means an event specified in Section 4 hereof.
 
“Holder” means the Payee, and each endorsee, pledgee, assignee, owner and 
holder of this Note, as such; and any consent, waiver or agreement in 
writing by the then Holder with respect to any matter or thing in 
connection with this Note, whether altering any provision hereof or 
otherwise, shall bind all subsequent Holders. Notwithstanding the 
foregoing, the Company may treat the registered holder of this Note as the 
Holder for all purposes.
 
“Principal Amount” shall have the meaning set forth in the initial 
paragraph.
 
“Person” means an individual, trust, partnership, firm, association, 
corporation or other organization or a government or governmental 
authority.
 
Words of one gender include the other gender; the singular includes the 
plural; and the plural includes the singular, unless the context otherwise 
requires.
 
2. Payment of this Note - Principal and Interest.
 
(a) Payment. The Holder shall receive full payment of the entire principal 
and accrued interest within One year (1) year of the execution of this 
Note.
 
(b) Loan Fee. There shall exist a loan fee of 1.5% of the principal loaned 
amount, due upon the execution of this Note.
 
(c) Prepayment. The Company may prepay this Note in whole or in part at any 
time without penalty or premium.
 

 

 
 
(d) Payments. “Maker” shall make a minimum payments of twenty five thousand 
($25,000) per month towards the reduction of the principal amount of the 
note. Payments shall be due and payable on the first of each month until 
the note is paid in full.
 
3. Term.
 
The Term of this Promissory Note shall be One (1) year from the date of 
execution of the Note.
 
4. Events of Default.
 
The existence of any of the following conditions shall constitute an Event 
of Default:
 
(a)           Nonpayment of the Note in accordance with Section 2.a above, 
if such breach remains unpaid and uncured for a period of ten (10) business 
days. Upon nonpayment of the Note for a period of 10 business days from the 
due date, Maker shall pay to Holder a late fee in an amount of One Percent 
(1%) of the balance of the Note.
 
5. Risks.
 
IN MAKING A DECISION TO LEND FUNDS HOLDER MUST RELY ON ITS OWN EXAMINATION 
OF THE ISSUER AND THE TERMS OF THE NOTE INSTRUMENT, INCLUDING THE MERITS 
AND RISKS INVOLVED. A LOAN IN A COMPANY IS CONSIDERED TO BE HIGH RISK.
 
The Holder has such knowledge and experience in financial and business 
matters that the Holder is capable of evaluating the merits and risks of 
this Promissory Note and of making an informed financial decision, and does 
not require a Company representative in evaluating the merits and risks, or 
has relied upon the advice of a Company representative.
 
The Holder has been given the opportunity to ask question of and to receive 
answers from persons acting on the Company’s behalf concerning the terms 
and conditions of this transaction and also has been given the opportunity 
to obtain any additional information which the Company possesses or can 
acquire without unreasonable effort or expense. As a result, Holder is 
cognizant of the financial condition, capitalization, use of proceeds from 
this financing and the operations and financial condition of Company, has 
available full information concerning their affairs and has been able to 
evaluate the merits and risks of the Promissory Note.
 
6. Reorganization, Reclassification, Consolidation, Merger or Sale.	If any 
reorganization of the capital stock of the Company, or any consolidation or 
merger of the Company with another corporation, or the sale of all or 
substantially all of its assets to another corporation shall be effected, 
appropriate provisions shall be made with respect to the rights and 
interests of the Holder of this Note to the end that the provisions hereof 
shall thereafter be applicable to the surviving corporation. This paragraph 
shall not be construed to mean that the restricted common shares issued to 
Holder are non-dilutive. The restricted common shares received by Holder 
shall be subject to dilution.
 
7. Transfer. Transfer of this Note shall be subject to prior delivery by 
the proposed transferee to the Company of an opinion of counsel that such 
transfer is in compliance with all federal and all other applicable laws. 
In order to transfer this Note, the Holder, or its duly authorized 
attorney, shall surrender this Note at the office of the Company pursuant 
to Section 10 herein, accompanied by an assignment duly executed by the 
Holder hereof.
 

  	  	2 | P a g e

 
 
8. Loss or Mutilation of Note. Upon receipt by the Company of evidence 
satisfactory to the Company of the loss, theft, destruction or mutilation 
of this Note, together with an indemnity reasonably satisfactory to the 
Company, in the case of loss, theft, or destruction, or the surrender and 
cancellation of this Note, in the case of mutilation, the Company shall 
execute and deliver to the Holder a new Note of like tenor and denomination 
as this Note.
 
9. Waivers. The failure of Holder to enforce at any time any of the 
provisions of this Note shall not, absent an express written waiver signed 
by Holder specifying the provision being waived, be construed to be a 
waiver of any such provision, nor in any way to affect the validity of this 
Note or any part hereof or the right of Holder thereafter to enforce each 
and every such provision. No waiver of any breach of this Note shall be 
held to be a waiver of any other or subsequent breach. The Company waives 
presentment, demand, notice of dishonor, protest and notice of nonpayment 
and protest.
 
10. Notices. All notices or other communications to a party required or 
permitted hereunder shall be in writing and shall be delivered personally 
or by facsimile (receipt confirmed electronically) to such party (or, in 
the case of an entity, to an executive officer of such party) or shall be 
sent by a reputable express delivery service or by certified mail, postage 
prepaid with return receipt requested, addressed as follows:
 
If to “Holder” to:
 
Attn: 	Shahan Ohanessian and or Shoushana Ohanessian
Address: 	225 S Lake Avenue, Suite 300
  	Pasadena, CA 91101
 
If to the “Maker” to:
 
ABT Mining Co. Inc.
301 Simplicity Avenue
    Irvine, CA 92620
Or Other Company address should the company move or relocate
 
Any party may change the above specified recipient and/or mailing address 
by notice to all other parties given in the manner herein prescribed. All 
notices shall be deemed given on the day when actually delivered as 
provided above (if delivered personally or by facsimile, provided that any 
such facsimile is received during regular business hours at the recipient’s 
location) or on the day shown on the return receipt (if delivered by mail 
or delivery service).
 
11. Headings. The titles and headings to the Sections herein are inserted 
for the convenience of reference only and are not intended to be a part of 
or to affect the meaning or interpretation of this Note. This Note shall be 
construed without regard to any presumption or other rule requiring 
construction hereof against the party causing this Note to be drafted.
 
12. Applicable Law and Jurisdiction. The legality, validity, enforceability 
and interpretation of this Note and the relationship of the parties 
hereunder shall be governed by the laws of the State of California, without 
giving effect to the principles of conflict of laws, except with respect to 
matters of law concerning the internal corporate affairs of any corporate 
entity which is a party to or the subject of this Agreement, and as to 
those matters the law of the jurisdiction under which the respective entity 
derives its powers shall govern. Any claim, cause of action, suit or demand 
allegedly arising out of or related to this Note, or the relationship of 
the parties, shall be brought exclusively in the state or federal courts 
located in Washington, and the parties irrevocably consent to the exclusive 
jurisdiction and venue of such courts and waive any objections they may 
have at any time to such exclusive jurisdiction and venue.
 

  	  	3 | P a g e

 
 
13. Survival of Representations and Warranties; Attorneys Fees. This Note 
shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the successors and 
assigns of each of the parties hereto. If this Note is not paid when due or 
if the Company breaches any provisions of this Note, in addition to all 
other amounts due herein, the Company promises to pay all costs of 
collection and all reasonable attorney fees and court costs incurred by 
Holder.
 
14. Assignment. This Note may not be assigned by the “Holder” to any party 
hereto without the prior written consent of the “Maker”.
 
15. Subordination. The indebtedness evidenced by this Note is hereby 
expressly subordinated in right of payment to any present and future 
indebtedness of the Company to banks, equipment lessors and other financial 
institutions.
 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Maker has caused this Promissory Note to be signed 
in its name by the signature of its duly authorized representative.
 
ABT Mining Co.
 
  	  	 
By: 	Imran Firoz 	 
Its: 	President 	 
 
ACCEPTED AND AGREED BY HOLDER AS OF THE FIRST DATE WRITTEN ABOVE:
 
Signature: 	  	 
  	Shahan Ohanessian 	 
  	  	 
Signature: 	  	 
  	Shoushana Ohanessian 	 
 
 
4 | P a g e
 