 EX-10.1 2 v459353_ex10-1.htm EXHIBIT 10.1
EXHIBIT 10.1 	CONVERSION AND SETTLEMENT AGREEMENT
 
 
CONVERSION AND SETTLEMENT AGREEMENT
 
THIS CONVERSION AND SETTLEMENT AGREEMENT (this “Agreement”) is dated 
February 8, 2017, by and between NANOVIRICIDES, INC. a Nevada corporation 
(the “Company”), and [_________________] (the “Holder”), collectively the “
Parties”, and each individually, a “Party”).
 
RECITALS
 
WHEREAS, on or about February 1, 2013, the Company issued a 8% Coupon 
Series B Convertible Debenture (the “Debenture”) in favor of the Holder in 
the original principal amount of __________ Million Dollars 
($_,000,000.00).
 
WHEREAS, as a mutual accommodation, the Company and the Holder, in their 
sole and absolute discretion, have elected to convert the principal amount 
outstanding under the Debentures, together with any and all accrued but 
unpaid interest thereon (the “Indebtedness”), into shares of the Company’s 
common stock, par value $0.001 per share (the “Common Stock”) in accordance 
with the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement.
 
NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the terms herein contained and for 
other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which 
are hereby mutually acknowledged, the “Parties” agree as follows:
 
1.       Conversion of the Indebtedness.
 
(a)       Conversion of Indebtedness into Common Stock. Subject to the 
terms and conditions hereof, the Holder hereby agrees to convert the 
Indebtedness into shares of Common Stock (the “Conversion Shares”), the 
maturity date of the Debentures, at a conversion price per share equal to 
the lesser of: (x) the average of the highest and the lowest closing bid 
price of the Common Stock on its trading market for any trading day in the 
calendar year ending December 31, 2016; or (y) the VWAP for the period 
commencing December 15, 2016 and ending January 30, 2017. For purposes of 
this section, “VWAP” means the price determined by the first of the 
following clauses that applies: (a) if the Common Stock is then listed or 
quoted on a trading market, the daily volume weighted average price of the 
Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date) on the trading 
market on which the Common Stock is then listed or quoted as reported by 
Bloomberg L.P. (based on a Trading Day from 9:30 a.m. (New York City time) 
to 4:02 p.m. (New York City time)), (b) if the Common Stock is then quoted 
on either the OTCQB or OTCQX, the volume weighted average price of the 
Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date) on OTCQB or 
OTCQX as applicable, (c) if the Common Stock is not then listed or quoted 
for trading on OTCQB or OTCQX and if prices for the Common Stock are then 
reported in the “Pink Sheets” published by OTC Markets Group, Inc. (or a 
similar organization or agency succeeding to its functions of reporting 
prices), the most recent bid price per share of the Common Stock so 
reported, or (d) in all other cases, the fair market value of a share of 
Common Stock as determined by an independent appraiser selected in good 
faith by the Company. The Company’s common stock is currently listed on the 
NYSE MKT with the stock symbol “NNVC”.
 

 

 

 
(b)       Issuance of Holder’s Conversion Shares. As soon as practical 
following the conversion under Section 1(a) hereof, the Company shall 
deliver a certificate or certificates issued in the name of the Holder, in 
such denominations as requested by the Holder, for the Holder’s Conversion 
Shares. Such certificate(s) may bear a legend indicating that the issuance 
thereof has not been registered under the Securities Act of 1933 and 
applicable state securities laws, as more fully set forth in Section 
6(l)(i) hereof.
 
(c)       Waiver by Holder. The Holder hereby agrees that upon delivery of 
Holder’s Conversion Shares by the Company in accordance with provisions of 
this Agreement, Holder shall waive all of its rights under the Debentures, 
including, but not limited to, the right to receive previously unissued 
warrants, as well as any and all prepayment or redemption premiums and 
other conversion rights set forth in Sections3, 4, 5, 6, and 7 thereof.
 
(d)       Satisfaction and Release of Company. The Holder hereby further 
agrees that upon delivery of Holder’s Conversion Shares by the Company in 
accordance with the provisions of this Agreement, all amounts outstanding 
under the Debentures, including unpaid principal and any accrued interest 
or any other provisions of additional payments to the Holder, whether in 
cash, Common Stock or otherwise, will be fully satisfied and extinguished, 
and the Holder will remise, release and forever discharge the Company and 
its respective directors, officers, employees, successors, solicitors, 
agents and assigns from any and all obligations relating to the Debentures 
and any prior or related obligation or agreement.
 
2.       Confirmation and Acknowledgement of Indebtedness. As of the date 
hereof, the Company hereby (a) confirms and acknowledges to the Holder that 
it is validly and justly indebted to the Holder for the payment of 
Indebtedness without offset, defense, cause of action, demand or 
counterclaim of any kind or nature whatsoever, and (b) reaffirms and admits 
the validity and enforceability of the Note.
 
3.       Note Still in Force. As of the date hereof, the Company hereby 
ratifies and affirms in its entirety the Note and the Indebtedness.
 
4.       Representations and Warranties of the Company. The Company hereby 
represents and warrants to the Holder that:
 
i.       the execution, delivery and performance by the Company of this 
Agreement (A) has been duly authorized by all necessary corporate or other 
organizational action of the Company and (B) does not (x) contravene or 
violate any of the organizational or constitutive documents of the Company 
or (y) contravene or violate any contractual restriction, law or 
governmental regulation or court decree or order binding or affecting the 
Company;
 
ii.       this Agreement constitutes, upon its execution and delivery, the 
legal, valid and binding obligations of the Company enforceable against the 
Company in accordance with its respective terms; and
 
iii.       as of the date hereof, to the Company’s knowledge, no default 
exists, and no event, which upon notice, lapse of time or both, would 
constitute a default exists.
 
5.       Representations And Warranties Of the Holder. The Holder agrees, 
represents and warrants to the Company that:
 
a.       Organization and Qualification. If an entity, the Holder is duly 
incorporated, organized or otherwise formed, validly existing and in good 
standing under the laws of the jurisdiction in which it is incorporated, 
organized or otherwise formed.
 

 

 

 
b.       Authorization. If an entity: (i) the Holder has the requisite 
corporate or other requisite power and authority to enter into and to 
perform its obligations under this Agreement and to consummate the 
transactions contemplated hereby in accordance with the terms hereof; and 
(ii) the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement by the 
Holder and the consummation by it of the transactions contemplated hereby 
have been duly authorized by the Holder’s Board of Directors or other 
governing body and no further consent or authorization of the Holder, its 
Board of Directors or its shareholders, members or other interest holders 
is required.
 
c.       Enforcement. This Agreement has been duly executed by the Holder 
and constitutes a legal, valid and binding obligation of the Holder 
enforceable against the Holder in accordance with its terms, subject to the 
effect of any applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or 
moratorium or similar laws affecting the rights of creditors generally and 
the application of general principles of equity.
 
d.       Consents. The Holder is not required to give any notice to, make 
any filing, application or registration with, obtain any authorization, 
consent, order or approval of or obtain any waiver from any person or 
entity in order to execute and deliver this Agreement or to consummate the 
transactions contemplated hereby.
 
e.       Non-contravention. Neither the execution and the delivery by the 
Holder of this Agreement, nor the consummation by the Holder of the 
transactions contemplated hereby, will (a) violate any law, rule, 
injunction, or judgment of any governmental agency or court to which the 
Holder is subject or any provision of its charter, bylaws, trust agreement, 
or other governing documents or (b) conflict with, result in a breach of, 
or constitute a default under, any agreement, contract, lease, license, 
instrument, or other arrangement to which the Holder is a party or by which 
the Holder is bound or to which any of its assets is subject.
 
f.       Investment Purpose. The Holder is purchasing the Conversion Shares 
for its own account and not with a present view toward the public sale or 
distribution thereof.
 
g.       Accredited Holder Status. The Holder is an “accredited investor” 
as defined in Regulation D under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended 
(the “Securities Act”). The Holder hereby represents and warrants that, 
either by reason of the Holder’s business or financial experience or the 
business or financial experience of the Holder’s advisors (including, but 
not limited to, a “purchaser representative” (as defined in Rule 501(h) 
promulgated under Regulation D), attorney and/or an accountant each as 
engaged by the Holder at its sole risk and expense) the Holder (i) has the 
capacity to protect its own interests in connection with the transaction 
contemplated hereby and/or (ii) the Holder has prior investment experience, 
including investments in securities of privately-held companies or 
companies whose securities are not listed, registered, quoted and/or traded 
on a national securities exchange, to the extent necessary, the Holder has 
retained, at its sole risk and expense, and relied upon appropriate 
professional advice regarding the investment, tax and legal merits and 
consequences of this Agreement and the purchase of the Conversion Shares 
hereunder; if an entity, the Holder was not formed for the sole purpose of 
purchasing the Conversion Shares.
 
h.       Reliance on Exemptions. The Holder agrees, acknowledges and 
understands that the Conversion Shares (the “Securities”) are being offered 
and sold to it in reliance upon specific exemptions from the registration 
requirements of United States federal and applicable state securities or 
“blue sky” laws and that the Company and its counsel are relying upon the 
truth and accuracy of, and the Holder’s compliance with, the 
representations, warranties, covenants, agreements, acknowledgments and 
understandings of the Holder set forth herein in order to determine the 
availability of such exemptions and the eligibility of the Holder to 
acquire the Securities.
 

 

 

 
i.       Transfer or Resale. The Holder agrees, acknowledges and 
understands that:
 
i.       the Conversion Shares have not been and, except as set forth 
herein, are not being registered under the Securities Act or any applicable 
state securities or “blue sky” laws. Consequently, the Holder may have to 
bear the risk of holding the Conversion Shares for an indefinite period of 
time because the Conversion Shares may not be transferred unless: (A) the 
resale of the Conversion Shares is registered pursuant to an effective 
registration statement under the Securities Act; (B) the Holder has 
delivered to the Company an opinion of counsel reasonably acceptable to the 
Company and its counsel (in form, substance and scope customary for 
opinions of counsel in comparable transactions) to the effect that the 
Conversion Shares to be sold or transferred may be sold or transferred 
pursuant to an exemption from such registration; or (C) the Conversion 
Shares are sold or transferred pursuant to Rule 144 promulgated under the 
Securities Act (“Rule 144”);
 
ii.       any sale of the Conversion Shares made in reliance on Rule 144 
may be made only in accordance with the terms of Rule 144 and, if Rule 144 
is not applicable, any resale of the Conversion Shares under circumstances 
in which the seller (or the person through whom the sale is made) may be 
deemed to be an underwriter (as that term is defined in the Securities Act) 
may require compliance with some other exemption under the Securities Act 
or the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission (the 
“Commission”) promulgated thereunder; and
 
iii.       except as set forth herein, neither the Company nor any other 
person is under any obligation to register the Conversion Shares under the 
Securities Act or any state securities or “blue sky” laws or to comply with 
the terms and conditions of any exemption thereunder.
 
j.       Legends. The Holder agrees, acknowledges and understands that the 
certificates representing the Conversion Shares will bear restrictive 
legends in substantially the following form (and a stop-transfer order may 
be placed against transfer of the certificates for such Conversion Shares):
 
    THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED
    UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933 OR THE SECURITIES OR “BLUE SKY” LAWS
    OF ANY STATE OF THE UNITED STATES. THE SECURITIES MAY NOT BE SOLD,
    TRANSFERRED OR ASSIGNED IN THE ABSENCE OF AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION
    STATEMENT FOR THE SECURITIES UNDER APPLICABLE SECURITIES LAWS, OR
    UNLESS OFFERED, SOLD OR TRANSFERRED PURSUANT TO AN AVAILABLE EXEMPTION
    FROM THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THOSE LAWS.
 
k.       Residency. The Holder is a resident of the jurisdiction set forth 
immediately below the Holder’s name on the signature pages hereto.
 
l.       Not a Registered Representative. The Holder agrees, acknowledges 
and understands that if it is a Registered Representative of a FINRA member 
firm, he or she must give such firm the notice required by FINRA’s Rules of 
Fair Practice, receipt of which must be acknowledged by such firm.
 
m.       No Brokers. The Holder has not engaged, consented to or authorized 
any broker, finder or intermediary to act on its behalf, directly or 
indirectly, as a broker, finder or intermediary in connection with the 
transactions contemplated by this Agreement. The Holder hereby agrees to 
indemnify and hold harmless the Company from and against all fees, 
commissions or other payments owing to any such person or firm acting on 
behalf of the Holder hereunder.
 

 

 

 
n.       Reliance on Representations. The Holder agrees, acknowledges and 
understands that the Company and its counsel, are entitled to rely on the 
representations, warranties and covenants made by the Holder herein.
 
6.       Approvals. This Agreement is subject to and the issuance of the 
Conversion Shares is contingent upon the Approval of this agreement and the 
transactions contemplated herein by a majority of the Company’s independent 
members of the Board of Directors.
 
7.       Miscellaneous.
 
(a)       Successors and Assigns. This Agreement is binding upon, and 
inures to the benefit of, the Company and the Holder and their respective 
successors and permitted assigns. This Agreement may not be assigned by the 
Company without the prior written consent of the Holder.
 
(b)       Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in counterparts, 
each of which shall be deemed an original and all of which shall constitute 
one and the same instrument. Each counterpart may be delivered by email (as 
a .pdf attachment) or facsimile transmission, and an emailed or faxed 
signature shall have the same force and effect as an original signature.
 
(c)       Entire Agreement. This Agreement embodies the entire 
understanding and agreement between the Parties with respect to the subject 
matter hereof and thereof, and supersedes all prior agreements, 
understandings and inducements, whether express or implied, oral or 
written, in regard to the subject matter hereof or thereof.
 
(d)	No Duress; Jointly Drafted.	The Company and the Holder are each 
represented by counsel of their respective choice, are fully aware of the 
terms contained in this Agreement, and have voluntarily and without 
coercion or duress of any kind entered into this Agreement. This Agreement 
shall be deemed to be jointly drafted, and no provision of it shall be 
interpreted or construed for or against any Party because such Party 
purportedly prepared or requested such provision, any other provision, or 
this Agreement as a whole.
 
(e)       Governing Law. This Agreement shall be governed by, and shall be 
construed and enforced in accordance with, the law of the State of Nevada 
and shall be governed and interpreted on the same basis as the Note.
 
(f)       Severability. If any provision of this Agreement shall be 
declared or determined by any court to be invalid, illegal or 
unenforceable, the remainder of the provisions shall remain in full force 
and effect and shall in no way be affected or impaired thereby.
 
(g)       Effectiveness. This Agreement shall become effective upon the 
execution of a counterpart hereof by each of the Parties and the delivery 
thereof to the Holder.
 
(h)       Third Party Beneficiary. This Agreement does not and is not 
intended to confer any rights or remedies upon any person other than the 
Parties.
 
(i)       Trial By Jury. Each of the Parties hereto irrevocably waives 
trial by jury in any action or proceeding with respect to this Agreement.
 
(j)       Headings. Section and subsection headings in this Agreement are 
included herein for convenience of reference only and shall not constitute 
a part of this Agreement for any other purpose or be given any substantive 
effect.
 

 

 

 
(k)       No Fiduciary Relationship. No provision in this Agreement and no 
course of dealing between the Parties pursuant hereto have created, or 
shall be deemed to create, any fiduciary duty on the part of the Holder to 
any Credit Party.
 
(l)       Reversal of Payments. To the extent the Company makes a payment 
or payments to the Holder or exercises its right to setoff, and such 
payment or payments or the proceeds of such enforcement or setoff or any 
part thereof are subsequently invalidated, declared to be fraudulent or 
preferential, set aside or are repaid to a trustee, receiver or any other 
party under any bankruptcy law, state or federal law, common law or 
equitable cause, or otherwise, then to the extent of such recovery, the 
obligation or part thereof originally intended to be satisfied, and all 
liens, rights and remedies therefor, shall be revived and continued in full 
force and effect as if such payment had not been made or such enforcement 
or setoff had not occurred.
 
(m)       Further Assurances. The Company shall execute and deliver, or 
cause to be executed and delivered, such documents and do, or cause to be 
done, such other acts and things the Holder may at any time reasonably 
determine in its sole discretion to be necessary or desirable to further 
carry out or consummate the transaction contemplated by this Agreement.
 
(n)       Amendments; Cumulative Remedies. This Agreement may not be 
modified, amended or supplemented, and the terms and conditions of this 
Agreement may not be waived, except by a written agreement executed by each 
Party. No failure to exercise and no delay in exercising on the part of the 
Holder of any right, remedy, power or privilege under this Agreement shall 
operate as a waiver thereof; nor shall any single or partial exercise of 
any right, remedy, power or privilege preclude any other or further 
exercise of any right, remedy, power or privilege. The rights, remedies, 
powers and privileges herein provided are cumulative and not exclusive of 
any rights, remedies, powers and privileges under the Note or provided by 
law.
 
(o)       Survival. All representations, warranties, covenants, agreements, 
undertakings, waivers and releases of the Holder contained herein shall be 
deemed to have been relied upon by the Company and shall survive the 
expiration or termination of this Agreement.
 

 

 

 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, this Agreement has been duly executed by the Parties as 
of the date first above written.
 
COMPANY:
 
NANOVIRICIDES, INC.
 
 
By: _______________________
Name:
Title:
 
HOLDER:
 
 
 
 
By: _______________________
Name:
Title:
 
 
 
 

 

 