 EX-10.2 3 ex10-2.htm
 
PROMISSORY NOTE
 
$1,000,000.00 	February 7th 2017
 
1. FOR VALUE RECEIVED, KRIEGER ENTERPRISES, LLC (the “Borrower”), hereby 
promises to pay to the order of ASPIRITY FINANCIAL, LLC (the “Lender”), the 
principal sum of One Million and 00/100 Dollars ($1,000,000.00), or so much 
thereof as may be advanced by the Lender to or for the benefit of the 
Borrower pursuant to that certain Loan Agreement of even date herewith (the 
“Loan Agreement”), by and between the Borrower and the Lender, and which 
remains unpaid, in lawful money of the United States and immediately 
available funds, together with interest on the outstanding balance accruing 
at a fixed rate of eight and no/100 percent (8.00%).
 
2. The full amount of principal plus accrued interest hereon shall be due 
and payable on the earlier of: (i) within three (3) days of the Lender’s 
written demand, which demand may be made at any time Lender’s cash position 
as determined by Lender in good faith is less than One Hundred Thousand and 
00/100 Dollars ($100,000) or (ii) March 30, 2017. Any demand by Lender for 
payment hereunder prior to March 30, 2017 may in Lender’s sole discretion 
be a demand for partial payment. Lender agrees to provide notice to 
Borrower when Lender’s cash position is less than Two Hundred Thousand and 
00/100 Dollars ($200,000).
 
3. Interest hereunder shall be calculated on the basis of a year of three 
hundred sixty (360) days, but charged on the basis of the actual number of 
days’ principal is unpaid.
 
4. The outstanding principal balance of this Note may be prepaid in whole 
or in part at any time without premium or penalty.
 
5. If any installment of principal or interest on this Note is not paid 
within ten (10) days of the due date thereof, the Borrower shall pay to the 
Lender a late charge equal to five percent (5.00%) of the amount of such 
installment, which shall be in addition to any other amount due hereunder.
 
6. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, at all times 
after an Event of Default (as defined in the Loan Agreement) has occurred 
and is continuing, interest shall accrue on amounts outstanding hereunder 
at a rate equal to five percent (5.00%) per annum in excess of the rate 
otherwise payable hereunder.
 
7. All payments and prepayments shall, at the option of the Lender, be 
applied first to any costs of collection, second to any late charges, third 
to accrued interest on this Note and the remainder thereof to principal.
 
8. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, if the rate 
of interest, late payment fee or any other charges or fees due hereunder 
are determined by a court of competent jurisdiction to be usurious, then 
said interest rate, fees and/or charges shall be reduced to the maximum 
amount permissible under applicable Minnesota law.
 
  	 

  	 	 
 
9. This Note is issued pursuant to the terms and provisions of the Loan 
Agreement and is guaranteed by the Guarantor pursuant to the Guaranty, and 
the Lender is entitled to all of the benefits provided for in said 
Guaranty.
 
10. Unless otherwise defined herein, capitalized terms used herein shall 
have the meanings assigned to such terms in the Loan Agreement.
 
11. Upon the occurrence of an Event of Default and at any time thereafter, 
the outstanding principal balance hereof plus accrued interest hereon plus 
all other amounts due hereunder shall, at the option of the Lender, be 
immediately due and payable, without notice of demand.
 
12. Upon the occurrence of an Event of Default and at any time thereafter, 
the Lender shall, at its option, have the right to set off any and all 
amounts due hereunder by the Borrower to the Lender against any 
indebtedness or obligation of the Lender to the Borrower.
 
13. Upon the occurrence of an Event of Default and at any time thereafter, 
the Borrower promises to pay all costs of collection of this Note, 
including but not limited to reasonable attorneys’ fees, paid or incurred 
by the Lender on account of such collection, whether or not suit is filed 
with respect thereto and whether or not such costs are paid or incurred, or 
to be paid or incurred, prior to or after the entry of judgment.
 
14. Demand, presentment, protest and notice of nonpayment and dishonor of 
this Note are hereby waived.
 
15. This Note shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the 
laws of the State of Minnesota without giving effect to the choice of law 
provisions thereof.
 
16. The Borrower hereby irrevocably submits to the jurisdiction of any 
Minnesota state court or federal court over any action or proceeding 
arising out of or relating to this Note, the Loan Agreement, and any 
instrument, agreement or document related thereto, and the Borrower hereby 
irrevocably agrees that all claims in respect of such action or proceeding 
may be heard and determined in such Minnesota state or federal court. The 
Borrower hereby irrevocably waives, to the fullest extent it may 
effectively do so, the defense of an inconvenient forum to the maintenance 
of such action or proceeding. The Borrower agrees that judgment final by 
appeal, or expiration of time to appeal without an appeal being taken, in 
any such action or proceeding shall be conclusive and may be enforced in 
any other jurisdictions by suit on the judgment or in any other manner 
provided by law. Nothing in this Paragraph shall affect the right of the 
Lender to serve legal process in any other manner permitted by law or 
affect the right of the Lender to bring any action or proceeding against 
the Borrower or its property in the courts of any other jurisdiction to the 
extent permitted by law.
 
[THE REMAINDER OF THIS PAGE IS INTENTIONALLY BLANK]
 
  	- 2 - 	 

 
 
  	BORROWER:
  	 
  	KRIEGER ENTERPRISES, LLC
  	  	 
  	By: 	/S/ Timothy S. Krieger
  	Name: 	Timothy S. Krieger
  	Its: 	President/CEO
                             
[SIGNATURE PAGE TO PROMISSORY NOTE DATED FEBRUARY __, 2017]
 
  	- 3 - 	 

 
 