 EX-10.1 3 f8k050817ex10i_atlanticallia.htm VOTING AGREEMENT
 
Exhibit 10.1
 
VOTING AGREEMENT
 
This Voting Agreement (this “Agreement”) is made as of [●] 2017 by and 
among (i) Atlantic Alliance Partnership Corp., a British Virgin Islands 
business company with limited liability (including any successor entity 
thereto, the “Company”), (ii) Kalyx Development Inc., a Maryland 
corporation, (“Kalyx”), and (iii) the undersigned shareholder (“Holder”) of 
Kalyx. Any capitalized term used but not defined in this Agreement will 
have the meaning ascribed to such term in the Merger Agreement (as defined 
below).
 
WHEREAS, on or about the date hereof, the Company and Kalyx, have entered 
into that certain Merger Agreement, dated as of the date hereof (as amended 
from time to time in accordance with the terms thereof, the “Merger 
Agreement”), pursuant to which Kalyx will merge with and into the Company, 
with the Company continuing as the surviving entity (the “Merger”), and as 
a result of which, among other matters, (i) all of the issued and 
outstanding capital stock of Kalyx as of the Effective Time shall no longer 
be outstanding and shall automatically be cancelled and shall cease to 
exist, in exchange for the right to receive the Merger Consideration as set 
forth in the Merger Agreement, and (ii) Kalyx’s outstanding warrants shall 
be assumed by the Company, with certain warrants being amended in 
accordance with the terms set out in the Merger Agreement, all upon the 
terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Merger Agreement and 
in accordance with the applicable provisions of the Maryland General 
Corporation Law, as amended;
 
WHEREAS, the Board of Directors of Kalyx has (a) approved and declared 
advisable the Merger Agreement, the Ancillary Documents, the Merger and the 
other transactions contemplated by any such documents (collectively, the “
Transactions”), (b) determined that the Transactions are fair to and in the 
best interests of Kalyx and its shareholders (the “Kalyx Shareholders”) and 
(c) recommended the approval and the adoption by each of Kalyx Shareholders 
of the Merger Agreement, the Ancillary Documents, the Merger and the other 
Transactions;
 
WHEREAS, as a condition to the willingness of the Company to enter into the 
Merger Agreement, and as an inducement and in consideration therefor, and 
in view of the valuable consideration to be received by the Holder 
thereunder, and the expenses and efforts to be undertaken by the Company 
and Kalyx to consummate the Transactions, the Company, Kalyx and the Holder 
desire to enter into this Agreement in order for the Holder to provide 
certain assurances to the Company regarding the manner in which the Holder 
is bound hereunder to vote any shares of capital stock of Kalyx which the 
Holder beneficially owns, holds or otherwise has voting power (the “Shares
”) during the period from and including the date hereof through and 
including the date on which this Agreement is terminated in accordance with 
its terms (the “Voting Period”) with respect to the Merger Agreement, the 
Merger, the Ancillary Documents and the Transactions.
 

1

 

 
NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises set forth above, which are 
incorporated in this Agreement as if fully set forth below, and intending 
to be legally bound hereby, the parties hereby agree as follows:
 
1.             Covenant to Vote in Favor of Transactions. The Holder 
agrees, with respect to all of the Shares:
 
(a)                   during the Voting Period, at each meeting of Kalyx 
Shareholders or any class or series thereof, and in each written consent or 
resolutions of any of Kalyx Shareholders in which Holder is entitled to 
vote or consent, Holder hereby unconditionally and irrevocably agrees to be 
present for such meeting and vote (in person or by proxy), or consent to 
any action by written consent or resolution with respect to, as applicable, 
the Shares (i) in favor of, and adopt, the Merger, the Merger Agreement, 
the Ancillary Documents, any amendments to the Kalyx Organizational 
Documents (as defined below), and all of the other Transactions (and any 
actions required in furtherance thereof), (ii) in favor of the other 
matters set forth in the Merger Agreement and the Kalyx Shareholder 
Approval, and (iii) to vote the Shares in opposition to: (A) any 
Acquisition Proposal and any and all other proposals for the acquisition of 
Kalyx, that could reasonably be expected to delay or impair the ability of 
Kalyx to consummate the Merger, the Merger Agreement or any of the 
Transactions, or which are in competition with or materially inconsistent 
with the Merger Agreement or the Ancillary Documents; (B) other than as 
contemplated by the Merger Agreement, any material change in (x) the 
present capitalization of Kalyx or any amendment of the Kalyx 
Organizational Documents or (y) Kalyx’s corporate structure or business; or 
(C) any other action or proposal involving Kalyx or any of its Subsidiaries 
that is intended, or would reasonably be expected, to prevent, impede, 
interfere with, delay, postpone or adversely affect in any material respect 
the Transactions or would reasonably be expected to result in any of the 
conditions to Kalyx’s obligations under the Merger Agreement not being 
fulfilled;
 
(b)                  to execute and deliver all related documentation and 
take such other action in support of the Merger, the Merger Agreement, any 
Ancillary Documents and any of the Transactions as shall reasonably be 
requested by Kalyx or Company in order to carry out the terms and provision 
of this Section 1, including, without limitation, (i) delivery of the 
Holder’s Shareholder’s Certificate to the Company, and any similar or 
related documents and such other documents as may be reasonably requested 
by the Company, (ii) any actions by written consent of the Kalyx 
Shareholders presented to the Holder, (vi) any applicable Ancillary 
Documents (including the Lock-Up Agreement and the Non-Competition 
Agreement), customary instruments of conveyance and transfer, and any 
consent, waiver, governmental filing, and any similar or related documents;
 
(c)                   not to deposit, and to cause their Affiliates not to 
deposit, except as provided in this Agreement, any Shares owned by the 
Holder or his/her/its Affiliates in a voting trust or subject any Shares to 
any arrangement or agreement with respect to the voting of such Shares, 
unless specifically requested to do so by Company in connection with the 
Merger Agreement, the Ancillary Documents and any of the Transactions;
 
(d)                  except as contemplated by the Merger Agreement or the 
Ancillary Documents, make, or in any manner participate in, directly or 
indirectly, a “solicitation” of “proxies” or consents (as such terms are 
used in the rules of the SEC) or powers of attorney or similar rights to 
vote, or seek to advise or influence any Person with respect to the voting 
of, any shares of Kalyx capital stock in connection with any vote or other 
action with respect to the Transactions, other than to recommend that 
stockholders of Kalyx vote in favor of adoption of the Merger Agreement and 
the Transactions and any other proposal the approval of which is a 
condition to the obligations of the parties under the Merger Agreement (and 
any actions required in furtherance thereof and otherwise as expressly 
provided by Section 1 of this Agreement); and
 
(e)                   to refrain from exercising any dissenters’ rights or 
rights of appraisal under applicable law at any time with respect to the 
Merger, the Merger Agreement, the Ancillary Documents and any of the 
Transactions, including pursuant to the MGCL.
 

2

 

 
2.             Other Covenants.
 
(a)                No Transfers. Holder agrees that during the Voting 
Period it shall not, and shall cause its Affiliates not to, without 
Company’s prior written consent, (A) offer for sale, sell (including short 
sales), transfer, tender, pledge, encumber, assign or otherwise dispose of 
(including by gift) (collectively, a “Transfer”), or enter into any 
contract, option, derivative, hedging or other agreement or arrangement or 
understanding (including any profit-sharing arrangement) with respect to, 
or consent to, a Transfer of, any or all of the Shares; (B) grant any 
proxies or powers of attorney with respect to any or all of the Shares; (C) 
permit to exist any lien of any nature whatsoever (other than those imposed 
by this Agreement, applicable securities Laws or the Kalyx Charter or Kalyx 
bylaws (the “Kalyx Organizational Documents”), as in effect on the date 
hereof) with respect to any or all of the Shares; or (D) take any action 
that would have the effect of preventing, impeding, interfering with or 
adversely affecting Holder’s ability to perform its obligations under this 
Agreement. Kalyx hereby agrees that it shall not permit any Transfer of the 
Shares in violation of this Agreement. Holder agrees with, and covenants 
to, Company that Holder shall not request that Kalyx register the Transfer 
(book-entry or otherwise) of any certificate or uncertificated interest 
representing any Shares during the term of this Agreement without the prior 
written consent of Company, and Kalyx hereby agrees that it shall not 
effect any such Transfer.
 
(b)                Changes to Shares. In the event of a stock dividend or 
distribution, or any change in the shares of capital stock of Kalyx by 
reason of any stock dividend or distribution, split-up, recapitalization, 
combination, conversion, exchange of shares or the like, the term “Shares” 
shall be deemed to refer to and include the Shares as well as all such 
stock dividends and distributions and any securities into which or for 
which any or all of the Shares may be changed or exchanged or which are 
received in such transaction. Holder agrees during the Voting Period to 
notify the Company promptly in writing of the number and type of any 
additional Shares acquired by Holder, if any, after the date hereof.
 
(c)                 Compliance with Merger Agreement. Holder agrees to not 
during the Voting Period take or agree or commit to take any action that 
would make any representation and warranty of Holder contained in this 
Agreement inaccurate in any material respect. Holder further agrees that it 
shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to cooperate with the Company 
to effect the Merger, all other Transactions, the Merger Agreement, the 
Ancillary Documents and the provisions of this Agreement. During the Voting 
Period, Holder shall not authorize or permit any of its Representatives to, 
directly or indirectly, take any action that Kalyx is prohibited from 
taking pursuant to Section 6.5 of the Merger Agreement.
 
(d)                 Registration Statement. During the Voting Period, 
Holder agrees to provide to the Company and its Representatives any 
information regarding Holder or the Shares that is reasonably requested by 
Company or its Representatives for inclusion in the Registration Statement.
 
(e)                 Publicity. Holder shall not issue any press release or 
otherwise make any public statements with respect to the transactions 
contemplated herein without the prior written approval of Kalyx and Company 
(not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed). Holder hereby 
authorizes Kalyx and Company to publish and disclose in any announcement or 
disclosure required by the SEC, Nasdaq (or, if applicable, the New York 
Stock Exchange or the NYSE MKT) or the Registration Statement (including 
all documents and schedules filed with the SEC in connection with the 
foregoing), Holder’s identity and ownership of the Shares and the nature of 
Holder’s commitments and agreements under this Agreement, the Merger 
Agreement and any other Ancillary Documents.
 
3.             Representations and Warranties of Holder. Holder hereby 
represents and warrants to Company as follows:
 
(a)                 Binding Agreement. Holder (i) if a natural person, is 
of legal age to execute this Agreement and is legally competent to do so 
and (ii) if not a natural person, is (A) a corporation, limited liability 
company, company or partnership duly organized and validly existing under 
the laws of the jurisdiction of its organization and (B) has all necessary 
power and authority to execute and deliver this Agreement, to perform its 
obligations hereunder and to consummate the transactions contemplated 
hereby. If Holder is not a natural person, the execution and delivery of 
this Agreement, the performance of its obligations hereunder and the 
consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby by Holder has been 
duly authorized by all necessary corporate, limited liability or 
partnership action on the part of Holder, as applicable. This Agreement, 
assuming due authorization, execution and delivery hereof by the other 
parties hereto, constitutes a legal, valid and binding obligation of 
Holder, enforceable against Holder in accordance with its terms (except as 
such enforceability may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, fraudulent 
transfer, reorganization, moratorium and other similar laws of general 
applicability relating to or affecting creditor’s rights, and to general 
equitable principles). Holder understands and acknowledges that the Company 
is entering into the Merger Agreement in reliance upon the execution and 
delivery of this Agreement by Holder.
 

3

 

 
(b)                  Ownership of Shares. As of the date hereof, Holder has 
beneficial ownership over the type and number of the Shares set forth under 
Holder’s name on the signature page hereto, is the lawful owner of such 
Shares, has the sole power to vote or cause to be voted such Shares, and 
has good and valid title to such Shares, free and clear of any and all 
pledges, mortgages, encumbrances, charges, proxies, voting agreements, 
liens, adverse claims, options, security interests and demands of any 
nature or kind whatsoever, other than those imposed by this Agreement, 
applicable securities Laws or the Kalyx Organizational Documents, as in 
effect on the date hereof. There are no claims for finder’s fees or 
brokerage commission or other like payments in connection with this 
Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby payable by Holder 
pursuant to arrangements made by such Holder. Except for the Shares set 
forth under Holder’s name on the signature page hereto, as of the date of 
this Agreement, Holder is not a beneficial owner or record holder of any: 
(i) equity securities of Kalyx, (ii) securities of Kalyx having the right 
to vote on any matters on which the holders of equity securities of Kalyx 
may vote or which are convertible into or exchangeable for, at any time, 
equity securities of Kalyx, or (iii) options, warrants or other rights to 
acquire from Kalyx any equity securities or securities convertible into or 
exchangeable for equity securities of Kalyx.
 
(c)                   No Conflicts. No filing with, or notification to, any 
Governmental Authority, and no consent, approval, authorization or permit 
of any other person is necessary for the execution of this Agreement by 
Holder, the performance of its obligations hereunder or the consummation by 
it of the transactions contemplated hereby. None of the execution and 
delivery of this Agreement by Holder, the performance of its obligations 
hereunder or the consummation by it of the transactions contemplated hereby 
shall (i) conflict with or result in any breach of the certificate of 
incorporation, bylaws or other comparable organizational documents of 
Holder, if applicable, (ii) result in, or give rise to, a violation or 
breach of or a default under any of the terms of any Contract or obligation 
to which Holder is a party or by which Holder or any of the Shares or its 
other assets may be bound, or (iii) violate any applicable Law or Order, 
except for any of the foregoing in clauses (i) through (iii) as would not 
reasonably be expected to impair Holder’s ability to perform its 
obligations under this Agreement in any material respect.
 
(d)                  No Inconsistent Agreements. Holder hereby covenants 
and agrees that, except for this Agreement, Holder (i) has not entered 
into, nor will enter into at any time while this Agreement remains in 
effect, any voting agreement or voting trust with respect to the Shares 
inconsistent with Holder’s obligations pursuant to this Agreement, (ii) has 
not granted, nor will grant at any time while this Agreement remains in 
effect, a proxy, a consent or power of attorney with respect to the Shares 
and (iii) has not entered into any agreement or knowingly taken any action 
(nor will enter into any agreement or knowingly take any action) that would 
make any representation or warranty of Holder contained herein untrue or 
incorrect in any material respect or have the effect of preventing Holder 
from performing any of its material obligations under this Agreement.
 

4

 

 
4.             Miscellaneous.
 
(a)                  Termination. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary 
contained herein, this Agreement shall automatically terminate, and none of 
the Company, Kalyx or Holder shall have any rights or obligations 
hereunder, upon the earliest to occur of (i) the mutual written consent of 
the Company, Kalyx and Holder, (ii) the Effective Time (following the 
performance of the obligations of the parties hereunder required to be 
performed at or prior to the Effective Time), and (iii) the date of 
termination of the Merger Agreement in accordance with its terms. The 
termination of this Agreement shall not prevent any party hereunder from 
seeking any remedies (at law or in equity) against another party hereto or 
relieve such party from liability for such party’s breach of any terms of 
this Agreement. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, the 
provisions of this Section 4(a) shall survive the termination of this 
Agreement. 
 
(b)                  Binding Effect; Assignment. This Agreement and all of 
the provisions hereof shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the 
parties hereto and their respective permitted successors and assigns. This 
Agreement and all obligations of the Holder are personal to the Holder and 
may not be transferred or delegated by the Holder at any time. The Company 
may freely assign any or all of its rights under this Agreement, in whole 
or in part, to any successor entity (whether by merger, consolidation, 
equity sale, asset sale or otherwise) without obtaining the consent or 
approval of the Holder.
 
(c)                  Third Parties. Nothing contained in this Agreement or 
in any instrument or document executed by any party in connection with the 
transactions contemplated hereby shall create any rights in, or be deemed 
to have been executed for the benefit of, any person that is not a party 
hereto or thereto or a successor or permitted assign of such a party.
 
(d)                  Governing Law; Jurisdiction. This Agreement and any 
dispute or controversy arising out of or relating to this Agreement shall 
be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of 
New York, without regard to the conflict of law principles thereof. All 
Actions arising out of or relating to this Agreement shall be heard and 
determined exclusively in any state or federal court located in New York, 
New York (or in any appellate courts thereof) (the “Specified Courts”). 
Each party hereto hereby (i) submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of any 
Specified Court for the purpose of any Action arising out of or relating to 
this Agreement brought by any party hereto and (ii) irrevocably waives, and 
agrees not to assert by way of motion, defense or otherwise, in any such 
Action, any claim that it is not subject personally to the jurisdiction of 
the above-named courts, that its property is exempt or immune from 
attachment or execution, that the Action is brought in an inconvenient 
forum, that the venue of the Action is improper, or that this Agreement or 
the transactions contemplated hereby may not be enforced in or by any 
Specified Court. Each party agrees that a final judgment in any Action 
shall be conclusive and may be enforced in other jurisdictions by suit on 
the judgment or in any other manner provided by Law. Each party irrevocably 
consents to the service of the summons and complaint and any other process 
in any other action or proceeding relating to the transactions contemplated 
by this Agreement, on behalf of itself, or its property, by personal 
delivery of copies of such process to such party at the applicable address 
set forth or referred to in Section 4(g). Nothing in this Section 4(d) 
shall affect the right of any party to serve legal process in any other 
manner permitted by applicable law.
 
(e)                   WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL. EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO 
HEREBY WAIVES TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW ANY RIGHT 
IT MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY WITH RESPECT TO ANY ACTION DIRECTLY OR 
INDIRECTLY ARISING OUT OF, UNDER OR IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT OR 
THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY. EACH PARTY HERETO (i) CERTIFIES THAT 
NO REPRESENTATIVE OF ANY OTHER PARTY HAS REPRESENTED, EXPRESSLY OR 
OTHERWISE, THAT SUCH OTHER PARTY WOULD NOT, IN THE EVENT OF ANY ACTION, 
SEEK TO ENFORCE THAT FOREGOING WAIVER AND (ii) ACKNOWLEDGES THAT IT AND THE 
OTHER PARTIES HERETO HAVE BEEN INDUCED TO ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT BY, 
AMONG OTHER THINGS, THE MUTUAL WAIVERS AND CERTIFICATIONS IN THIS SECTION 
4(e).
 

5

 

 
(f)                   Interpretation. The titles and subtitles used in this 
Agreement are for convenience only and are not to be considered in 
construing or interpreting this Agreement. In this Agreement, unless the 
context otherwise requires: (i) any pronoun used in this Agreement shall 
include the corresponding masculine, feminine or neuter forms, and the 
singular form of nouns, pronouns and verbs shall include the plural and 
vice versa; (ii) “including” (and with correlative meaning “include”) means 
including without limiting the generality of any description preceding or 
succeeding such term and shall be deemed in each case to be followed by the 
words “without limitation”; (iii) the words “herein,” “hereto,” and 
“hereby” and other words of similar import in this Agreement shall be 
deemed in each case to refer to this Agreement as a whole and not to any 
particular section or other subdivision of this Agreement; and (iv) the 
term “or” means “and/or”. The parties have participated jointly in the 
negotiation and drafting of this Agreement. Consequently, in the event an 
ambiguity or question of intent or interpretation arises, this Agreement 
shall be construed as if drafted jointly by the parties hereto, and no 
presumption or burden of proof shall arise favoring or disfavoring any 
party by virtue of the authorship of any provision of this Agreement.
 
(g)                   Notices. All notices, consents, waivers and other 
communications hereunder shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have 
been duly given when delivered (i) in person, (ii) by facsimile or other 
electronic means, with affirmative confirmation of receipt, (iii) one 
Business Day after being sent, if sent by reputable, nationally recognized 
overnight courier service or (iv) three (3) Business Days after being 
mailed, if sent by registered or certified mail, pre-paid and return 
receipt requested, in each case to the applicable party at the following 
addresses (or at such other address for a party as shall be specified by 
like notice):
 
If to the Company, to:
 
Atlantic Alliance Partnership Corp.
590 Madison Avenue
New York, New York 10022
Attn: Jonathan Mitchell
With a copy to (which shall not constitute notice):
 
Ellenoff Grossman & Schole LLP
1345 Avenue of the Americas, 11th Floor
New York, New York 10105
Attention: Douglas Ellenoff
Facsimile No.: (212) 370-7889
Telephone No.: (212) 370-1300
Email: ellenoff@egsllp.com
  	 
If to Kalyx, to:
 
Kalyx Development Inc.
366 Madison Avenue, 11th Floor
New York, New York 10017
Attn: George M. Stone
Facsimile No.: 212-315-3446
With a copy to (which shall not constitute notice):
 
Reitler Kailas & Rosenblatt LLC
800 Third Avenue 21st Floor
New York, New York 10022
Attn: Scott Rosenblatt
Fax No.: 212-371-5500
Telephone No: 212-209-3040
Email: srosenblatt@reitlerlaw.com
 
If to the Holder, to: the address set forth under Holder’s name on the 
signature page hereto, with a copy (which will not constitute notice) to, 
if not the party sending the notice, each of Kalyx and the Company (and 
each of their copies for notices hereunder).
 

6

 

 
(h)                Amendments and Waivers. Any term of this Agreement may 
be amended and the observance of any term of this Agreement may be waived 
(either generally or in a particular instance, and either retroactively or 
prospectively) only with the written consent of the Company, Kalyx and the 
Holder. No failure or delay by a party in exercising any right hereunder 
shall operate as a waiver thereof. No waivers of or exceptions to any term, 
condition, or provision of this Agreement, in any one or more instances, 
shall be deemed to be or construed as a further or continuing waiver of any 
such term, condition, or provision.
 
(i)                Severability. In case any provision in this Agreement 
shall be held invalid, illegal or unenforceable in a jurisdiction, such 
provision shall be modified or deleted, as to the jurisdiction involved, 
only to the extent necessary to render the same valid, legal and 
enforceable, and the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining 
provisions hereof shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby nor 
shall the validity, legality or enforceability of such provision be 
affected thereby in any other jurisdiction. Upon such determination that 
any term or other provision is invalid, illegal or incapable of being 
enforced, the parties will substitute for any invalid, illegal or 
unenforceable provision a suitable and equitable provision that carries 
out, so far as may be valid, legal and enforceable, the intent and purpose 
of such invalid, illegal or unenforceable provision.
 
(j)                Specific Performance. Holder acknowledges that its 
obligations under this Agreement are unique, recognizes and affirms that in 
the event of a breach of this Agreement by the Holder, money damages will 
be inadequate and the Company will have not adequate remedy at law, and 
agree that irreparable damage would occur in the event that any of the 
provisions of this Agreement were not performed by the Holder in accordance 
with their specific terms or were otherwise breached. Accordingly, the 
Company shall be entitled to an injunction or restraining order to prevent 
breaches of this Agreement by the Holder and to enforce specifically the 
terms and provisions hereof, without the requirement to post any bond or 
other security or to prove that money damages would be inadequate, this 
being in addition to any other right or remedy to which such party may be 
entitled under this Agreement, at law or in equity.
 
(k)               Expenses. Each party shall be responsible for its own 
fees and expenses (including the fees and expenses of investment bankers, 
accountants and counsel) in connection with the entering into of this 
Agreement, the performance of its obligations hereunder and the 
consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby; provided, that in the 
event of any Action arising out of or relating to this Agreement, the 
non-prevailing party in any such Action will pay its own expenses and the 
reasonable documented out-of-pocket expenses, including reasonable 
attorneys’ fees and costs, reasonably incurred by the prevailing party.
 
(l)                No Partnership, Agency or Joint Venture. This Agreement 
is intended to create a contractual relationship between Holder and Kalyx, 
on the one hand, and the Company, on the other hand, and is not intended to 
create, and does not create, any agency, partnership, joint venture or any 
like relationship among the parties hereto or among any other Company 
shareholders entering into voting agreements with the Company. Holder is 
not affiliated with any other holder of securities of the Company entering 
into a voting agreement with the Company in connection with the Merger 
Agreement and has acted independently regarding its decision to enter into 
this Agreement. Nothing contained in this Agreement shall be deemed to vest 
in the Company any direct or indirect ownership or incidence of ownership 
of or with respect to any Shares.
 

7

 

 
(m)                Further Assurances. From time to time, at another 
party’s request and without further consideration, each party shall execute 
and deliver such additional documents and take all such further action as 
may be reasonably necessary or desirable to consummate the transactions 
contemplated by this Agreement.
 
(n)                  Entire Agreement. This Agreement (together with the 
Merger Agreement to the extent referred to herein) constitutes the full and 
entire understanding and agreement among the parties with respect to the 
subject matter hereof, and any other written or oral agreement relating to 
the subject matter hereof existing between the parties is expressly 
canceled; provided, that, for the avoidance of doubt, the foregoing shall 
not affect the rights and obligations of the parties under the Merger 
Agreement or any Ancillary Document. Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing 
in this Agreement shall limit any of the rights or remedies of the Company 
or any of the obligations of the Holder under any other agreement between 
the Holder and the Company or any certificate or instrument executed by the 
Holder in favor of the Company, and nothing in any other agreement, 
certificate or instrument shall limit any of the rights or remedies of the 
Company or any of the obligations of the Holder under this Agreement.
 
(o)                  Counterparts; Facsimile. This Agreement may also be 
executed and delivered by facsimile or electronic signature or by email in 
portable document format in two or more counterparts, each of which shall 
be deemed an original, but all of which together shall constitute one and 
the same instrument.
 
[Remainder of Page Intentionally Left Blank; Signature Page Follows]
 

8

 

 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Voting Agreement as of 
the date first written above.
 
The Company: 	 
  	 
Atlantic Alliance Partnership Corp. 	 
  	  	 
By: 	 	 
Name: 	Iain Abrahams 	 
Title: 	Chief Executive Officer 	 
  	  	 
Kalyx: 	 
  	 
Kalyx Development, Inc. 	 
  	  	 
By: 	 	 
Name: 	George M. Stone 	 
Title: 	Chief Executive Officer 	 
 
The Holder: 	 
  	 
By: 	 	 
Name: 	       	 
 
Number and Type of Shares:
 
Address for Notice:
 
Address:                                                                    
                          
 
                                                                            
                                  
 
                                                                            
                                  
 
Facsimile No.:                                                              
                        
 
Telephone No.:                                                              
                      
 
Email:                                                                      
                              :
 

9