 EX-10.3 4 bdco_ex103.htm AMENDED AND RESTATED GUARANTY FEE AGREEMENT
  Exhibit 10.3
AMENDED AND RESTATED GUARANTY FEE AGREEMENT
 
THIS AMENDED AND RESTATED GUARANTY FEE AGREEMENT (this “Amended Agreement
”) is made as of April 1, 2017 (the “Effective Date”), by and between 
Jonathan P. Carroll (“Guarantor”) and Lazarus Refining & Marketing, LLC, a 
Delaware limited liability company (“LRM”). Guarantor and LRM are 
sometimes referred to herein as the "Parties".
 
WHEREAS, on December 4, 2015, Guarantor and LRM entered that certain 
Guaranty Fee Agreement (the “Existing Agreement”) wherein Guarantor 
receives fees for providing a personal guarantee on repayment of funds 
borrowed and interest accrued under a certain LRM loan agreement;
 
WHEREAS, LRM entered a Loan Agreement (as amended, restated, supplemented 
or otherwise modified from time to time, the “Loan Agreement”) dated 
December 4, 2015, with Sovereign Bank (“Lender”) as evidenced by that 
certain Promissory Note (the “Note”) of even date with the Loan Agreement, 
in the original principal sum of TEN MILLION AND 00/100 DOLLARS 
($10,000,000.00); and
 
WHEREAS, as a condition precedent to Lender’s obligations to extend credit 
to LRM under the Loan Agreement, Lender required the execution and delivery 
of an unconditional guaranty as security for the obligations of LRM under 
the Loan Agreement and Note; and
 
WHEREAS, Guarantor entered into a United States Department of Agriculture 
Rural Development Unconditional Guarantee, Business and Industry Guaranteed 
Loan Program (as amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from 
time to time, the “Guaranty”) of even date with the Loan Agreement and Note 
in favor of Lender to secure LRM’s obligations under the Loan Agreement and 
Note.
 
NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the Guaranty and for other good and 
valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby 
acknowledged by LRM, the Parties agree as follows:
 
1.             Payment of Fee.  LRM shall pay Guarantor or assignee a fee 
in an amount equal to two percent (2.00%) per annum, paid monthly, of the 
outstanding principal balance owed under the Loan Agreement (the “Guaranty 
Fee Basis”). Amounts payable to Guarantor as the Guaranty Fee shall be paid 
in cash and shares of Blue Dolphin Energy Company common stock, par value 
$0.01 per share (the “Common Stock”) at the end of each calendar month. The 
initial payment under this Amended Agreement shall be 100% in Common Stock. 
Thereafter, payments shall be 50% in cash and 50% in Common Stock. For the 
second payment and each payment thereafter, the number of shares of Common 
Stock issued shall be determined by dividing the Guaranty Fee by 50% (the “
Share Basis Amount”). The Share Basis Amount shall then be divided by the 
preceding 30-day average closing price of the Common Stock. This 30-day 
average closing price shall be the cost basis for the issued shares, and 
the issued shares shall be restricted pursuant to applicable securities 
holding periods for affiliates.
 
2.             Governing Law.  This Agreement shall be governed and 
construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Texas without 
reference to any conflict of law provision.
 
3.             Counterparts.  This Agreement may be executed in multiple 
counterparts, including counterparts transmitted by facsimile, each of 
which will be deemed an original, but both of which together will 
constitute one and the same instrument.
 
[Remainder of page intentionally left blank; signature page to follow.]
 

 
 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties have executed this Amended Agreement as of 
the Effective Date.
 
 
      LAZARUS REFINING & MARKETING, LLC                 
      JONATHAN P. CARROLL
 
 
By:
  /s/ TOMMY L. BYRD
 
By:
 /s/ JONATHAN P. CARROLL
 
Tommy L. Byrd
 
 
 
Jonathan P. Carroll
 
 
 
 
 
 
 