 EX-10.17 5 nvls-20161231ex101750a3d.htm EX-10.17
Exhibit 10.17

AMENDMENT to the
EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT
between
Nivalis Therapeutics, Inc.
and
R. Michael Carruthers (“Employee”)
 
WHEREAS, Nivalis Therapeutics, Inc. (the “Company”) and the Employee 
entered into an employment agreement (the “Agreement”) effective as of 
January 21, 2015;
 
WHEREAS, the Company and the Employee desire to amend the Agreement to 
change the provision relating to accelerated vesting of stock options in 
connection with Termination/Severance;
 
NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the promises and mutual covenants 
contained herein and for other good and valuable consideration, the parties 
agree as follows:
 
     

1.

A new Section 5(e) shall be inserted in the Agreement as follows and the 
sections currently designated as Section 5(e), 5(f), 5(g) and 5(h), and all 
cross references in the Agreement thereto, shall be amended to be 
designated as Section 5(f), 5(g), 5(h) and 5(i), respectively:
 
       (e)The Employee may terminate this Agreement upon at least thirty
       (30) days’ notice for Good Reason. “Good Reason” means (A) a ten
       percent (10%) or more reduction in Employee’s salary to which
       Employee has not consented; (B) a material diminution in Employee’s
       authority, duties or responsibilities without Employee’s consent
       (which shall not include a change in reporting obligations resulting
       from a Corporate Transaction); (C) a requirement by the Company,
       without Employee’s consent, that Employee’s primary work site be
       relocated to a site that is more than twenty five (25) miles away
       from Employee’s work site prior to the Corporate Transaction; or (D)
       any other action or inaction that constitutes a material breach by
       the Company of Employee’s employment agreement, if any. 
       Notwithstanding the foregoing, a termination of Employee for Good
       Reason shall not have occurred unless (i) Employee gives written
       notice to the Company, of termination within thirty (30) days after
       Employee first becomes aware of the occurrence of the circumstances
       constituting Good Reason, specifying in reasonable detail the
       circumstances constituting Good Reason, (ii) the Company has failed
       within thirty (30) days after receipt of such notice to cure the
       circumstances constituting Good Reason, and (iii) Employee
       terminates employment within five (5) days after the Company’s cure
       period ends.
 

2.

The first sentence of Section 5(f) (as newly designated pursuant to Section 
1 of this Amendment) is amended and restated in its entirety to read as 
follows:
        
       (f) If this Agreement is terminated by the Company prior to the end
       of the term pursuant to any provision other than Sections 4, 5(a) or
       5(c) or by the Employee pursuant to Section 5(e) (the “Termination
       Date”), then, provided Employee executes the release described in
       Section 5(g) below and complies with his obligations under the
       Confidential Information Agreement and Noncompete Agreement
       incorporated by reference in Sections 6 and 7 of this Agreement:
 

3.

Section 5(f)(iii) (as newly designated pursuant to Section 1 of this 
Amendment) is amended and restated in its entirety to read as follows:
 

------------------------------------------------------------------------

 

    (iii)  the Company shall cause any issued but unvested options to
    immediately vest in full.
     

4.

Section 5(h) (as newly designated pursuant to Section 1 of this Amendment) 
is amended and restated in its entirety to read as follows:
        
       In the event of a Change of Control, all outstanding options granted
       to Employee as of such event shall immediately vest (to the extent
       they are not already vested).  For purposes of this Agreement, “
       Change in Control” shall mean the sale of all or substantially all
       of the outstanding shares of capital stock, assets or business of
       the Company, by merger, consolidation, sale of assets or otherwise
       (other than a transaction in which all or substantially all of the
       persons who were beneficial owners of the capital stock of the
       Company immediately prior to such transaction beneficially own,
       directly or indirectly, more than 50% of the outstanding voting
       securities (on an as-converted to Common Stock basis) of the (i)
       resulting, surviving or acquiring entity in such transaction in the
       case of a merger, consolidation or sale of outstanding shares, or
       (ii) acquiring entity in the case of a sale of assets). 
       Notwithstanding the foregoing, sale of Company stock pursuant to an
       initial public offering or follow-on public offering shall not
       constitute a Change in Control.
        
 

5.

Except as amended herein, the provisions of the Agreement shall remain in 
full force and effect.
 
 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this Amendment to be executed 
and Employee has hereunto set his hand as of January 12, 2017.
 
 
 
 
 
 
NIVALIS THERAPEUTICS, INC.
 
 
 
By:
/s/ Janice Troha
 
Name:
Janice Troha
 
Title:
Chief Operating Officer
 
Date:
1/12/17
 
 
 
 
 
EMPLOYEE
 
 
 
By:
/s/ R. Michael Carruthers
 
 
R. Michael Carruthers
 

-2-
------------------------------------------------------------------------