 EX-10.1 2 exhibit101amendmenttoemplo.htm EXHIBIT 10.1
Exhibit 10.1

Amendment No. 1
to
Employment Agreement

This Amendment No. 1 (“Amendment”), dated as of February 10, 2017 between 
James Reid-Anderson and Six Flags Entertainment Corporation amends that 
certain Employment Agreement, dated as of February 18, 2016 (the “
Agreement”) between James Reid-Anderson and Six Flags Entertainment 
Corporation. Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the 
meanings ascribed thereto in the Agreement.

1.    Subsections (a) and (b) of Section 3 Compensation of the Agreement 
are hereby amended in their entirety to read as follows:

      “(a)    Base Salary. During the Term, Executive shall receive a base
      salary (as applicable, the “Base Salary”) at an annual rate of no
      less than $1,000,000. Base Salary shall be paid at such times and in
      such manner as the Company customarily pays the base salaries of its
      employees. In the event that Executive’s Base Salary is increased by
      the Board in its discretion at any time during the Term, such
      increased amount shall thereafter constitute the Base Salary.

      (b)    Annual Bonus. During the Term, Executive shall have a target
      bonus opportunity (“Target Bonus”) of 100% of Base Salary.
      Notwithstanding the foregoing, for the 2016 performance year,
      Executive’s Target Bonus percentage shall be pro rated with 100% of
      Base Salary as the Target Bonus percentage for the portion of the
      2016 fiscal year this Agreement is in effect and 120% of Base Salary
      as the Target Bonus percentage for the portion of the 2016 fiscal
      year before this Agreement is in effect. Any annual bonus payable to
      Executive shall be paid during the calendar year following the
      calendar year performance year and no later than five days following
      the filing of the Company’s Form 10-K for the performance year (or,
      if the Company is not required to or does not file a Form 10-K, no
      later than five days following the completion of the audit of the
      applicable performance year). The Executive’s bonus shall be paid at
      the same time as the bonuses paid to other executive officers. The
      bonus for the 2017 performance year shall be paid in shares of the
      Company’s common stock. Executive’s bonus for 2017 shall be paid to
      Executive even if the Term has expired or Executive’s employment with
      the Company ceased after December 31, 2017. Executive shall have a
      pro rated Target Bonus for 2018 which shall be paid to Executive even
      if the Term has expired or Executive’s employment with the Company
      ceased after the end of the Term.”


2.    Except as set forth in this Amendment, the Agreement remains in full 
force and effect.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned execute this Amendment as of the date 
set forth above.

SIX FLAGS ENTERTAINMENT CORPORATION
 

By:  /s/ Lance C. Balk  
 
 Date: February 10, 2017
Name: Lance C. Balk
 
 
 
 
 
 
Title: General Counsel
 
 
 
 
 
 
 /s/ James Reid-Anderson  
James Reid-Anderson
 



Date: February 10, 2017



