 EX-10.4 5 a104martinemploymentcontra.htm EXHIBIT 10.4





EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT


THIS AGREEMENT (the “Agreement”) is made and entered into effective the 1st 
day of January, 2017 (the “Effective Date”), by and between NORTHRIM 
BANCORP, INC. and its wholly owned subsidiary, NORTHRIM BANK, a 
state‑chartered commercial bank, with its principal office in Anchorage, 
Alaska (collectively, the “Employer”), and Michael Martin (the 
“Executive”).


In consideration of the mutual promises made in this Agreement, the parties 
agree as follows:


1.    Employment.


Employer employs Executive and Executive accepts employment with Employer 
as its Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary 
of Northrim BanCorp, Inc. and Executive Vice President, Chief Operating 
Officer, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary of Northrim Bank.


2.    Term.


The term of this Agreement (the “Term”) shall commence on the Effective 
Date and, unless terminated earlier pursuant to Section 5, shall continue 
through December 31, 2017; provided, however, that on January 1, 2018 and 
each succeeding January 1, the Term shall automatically be extended for one 
(1) additional year unless, not later than ninety (90) days prior to any 
such January 1, either party shall have given written notice to the other 
that it does not wish to extend the Term. In the event the Term is not 
extended, Executive shall have no rights to any of the severance payments 
or benefits continuation described in Section 5 except as specifically 
provided for in Section 5.a.


3.    Duties.


The Executive will serve as Executive Vice President, General Counsel and 
Corporate Secretary of Northrim BanCorp, Inc. and Executive Vice President, 
Chief Operating Officer, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary of 
Northrim Bank. Executive shall render such executive, management and 
administrative services and perform such tasks in connection with the 
affairs and overall operation of the Employer as is customary for his 
position, subject to the direction of Employer’s President and Board of 
Directors. Executive shall devote necessary time, attention and effort to 
Employer’s business in order to properly discharge his responsibilities 
under this Agreement.


4.    Compensation, Benefits, Reimbursement and Profit Sharing.


a.    Base Salary. In consideration for all services rendered by Executive 
during the term of this Agreement, Employer shall pay Executive an annual 
base salary (before all customary and proper payroll deductions) of 
$225,000 as adjusted from time to time (“Base Salary”). The Board of 
Directors of the Employer shall review Executive’s salary each year, in a 
manner consistent with that used for all management employees of the 
Employer, and in its sole discretion may adjust such salary commensurate 
with the Executive’s performance under this Agreement.


b.    Profit Sharing Plan. Under the Employer’s Profit Sharing Plan, 
Executive shall be eligible to receive an annual profit share (“Profit 
Share”) based on performance as defined by the Board of Directors. 
Executive will be classified in the Executive Vice President tier under the 
Plan’s Responsibility Factors. If Employer is required to prepare an 
accounting restatement due to “material noncompliance of the


------------------------------------------------------------------------




Employer”, the Employer will recover from the Executive any incentive 
compensation during the three (3) years prior to the date of the 
restatement, in excess of what would have been paid under the restatement. 
Executive’s signature on this Agreement authorizes Employer to offset or 
deduct from any compensation Employer may owe Executive, any excess 
payments (in whole or in part) that Executive may owe Employer due to such 
restatement(s).


c.    Stock Incentive Plan. Executive shall be eligible for awards under 
the Employer’s Stock Incentive Plan. The type, timing and size of awards 
will be at the discretion of the Board of Directors.


d.    Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan (“SERP”) and Deferred 
Compensation Plan. Executive shall also be entitled to receive an annual 
contribution equal to ten percent (10%) of annual Base Salary in accordance 
with the Employer’s Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan, as may be 
adjusted at the discretion of the Board of Directors from time to time. The 
Executive may also participate in the Employer’s Deferred Compensation 
Plan.


e.    Other Benefits. Throughout the term of this Agreement, Employer shall 
provide Executive with reasonable health insurance, disability and other 
employee benefits. Executive shall participate in all employee benefit 
plans and programs of Employer on a basis at least as favorable as that 
accorded to any other officer of Employer.


f.    Expenses. Employer shall reimburse Executive for his reasonable 
expenses (including, without limitation, travel, entertainment, and similar 
expenses) incurred in performing and promoting the business of Employer. 
Executive shall present from time to time itemized accounts and receipts of 
any such expenses as required by Employer, subject to any limits of company 
policy and the rules and regulations of the Internal Revenue Service, 
including the Internal Revenue Code, (referred to throughout this Agreement 
as “IRC” or the “Code”).


5.    Termination of Agreement.


a.    Termination Due to a Change of Control. If (A) Employer (either 
Northrim BanCorp, Inc. or Northrim Bank) is subjected to a Change of 
Control (as defined in Section 5.f.(i)), and (B) either Employer or its 
assigns terminates Executive’s employment without Cause (either during the 
annual term of this Agreement or by refusing to extend this Agreement when 
the annual termination occurs every December 31) or Executive terminates 
his employment for Good Reason within 730 days of such Change of Control, 
then Employer shall pay Executive (i) all Base Salary earned and all 
reimbursable expenses incurred under this Agreement through such 
termination date; (ii) an amount equal to two (2) times Executive’s highest 
Base Salary over the prior three (3) years; and (iii) an amount equal to 
one (1) times Executive’s average Profit Share over the prior three (3) 
year period. The amounts described in Section 5.a.(i), (ii) and (iii) 
herein shall be paid no later than forty-five (45) days after the day on 
which employment is terminated. No payment will be made pursuant to 
Sections 5.a.(ii) and (iii) unless the Executive has signed an agreement, 
in a form acceptable to Employer, that releases and holds Employer harmless 
from all known and unknown claims and liabilities arising out of 
Executive’s employment with Employer or the performance of this Agreement 
(“Release Agreement”) and the Release Agreement has become irrevocable 
prior to the payment date.


(I)    Benefits Continuation. In addition, Executive shall be entitled to 
health and dental insurance benefits for a period of one (1) year following 
the termination of this Agreement. These benefits will be provided at 
Employer’s expense, but such period shall count towards the Employer’s 
continuation of coverage obligation under Section 4980B of the Internal 
Revenue Code (commonly referred to as “COBRA”).


------------------------------------------------------------------------




(II)    Age and Service Credit. Executive shall also be entitled to receive 
age credit and credit for period of service towards all SERP plans for the 
remaining period of time covered by this Agreement. If Executive is hired 
by Employer, its assigns, any company in control of Employer, or any 
company controlled by Employer during the period covered by this Agreement, 
then Executive will be entitled to be treated for all purposes relating to 
future compensation, and benefits, as if this Agreement had never been 
terminated and as if Executive had performed his responsibilities as an 
Executive throughout the period originally covered by this Agreement.


b.    Termination by Employer Without Cause or by Executive for Good Reason
. If Employer terminates Executive’s employment without Cause, or if 
Executive terminates his employment for Good Reason, Employer shall pay 
Executive in a lump sum: (i) all Base Salary earned and all reimbursable 
expenses incurred under this Agreement through such termination date; and 
(ii) an amount equal to one (1) times Executive’s highest Base Salary over 
the prior three (3) years. The amount described in 5.b.(i) herein shall be 
paid no later than forty-five (45) days after the day on which employment 
is terminated. The amount described in 5.b.(ii) herein shall be paid on the 
first day of the month following a period of six (6) months after the 
termination of employment, provided that the payment may be made sooner if 
either (i) the amount does not exceed the IRC Safe Harbor or (ii) at the 
Executive’s election, the amount described in Section 5.a.(ii) is reduced 
to fit within the IRC Safe Harbor. No payment will be made pursuant to 
Section 5.a.(ii) unless the Executive has signed a Release Agreement which 
has become irrevocable prior to the payment date.


(I)    Benefits Continuation. In addition, Executive shall be entitled to 
health and dental insurance benefits for a period of twelve (12) months 
following the termination of this Agreement. These benefits will be 
provided at Employer’s expense, but such period shall count towards the 
Employer’s continuation of coverage obligation under Section 4980B of the 
Internal Revenue Code (commonly referred to as “COBRA”).


(II)    Age and Service Credit. If Executive is hired by Employer, its 
assigns, any company in control of Employer, or any company controlled by 
Employer during the period covered by this Agreement, then Executive will 
be entitled to be treated for all purposes relating to future compensation, 
and benefits, as if this Agreement had never been terminated and as if 
Executive had performed his responsibilities as an Executive throughout the 
period originally covered by this Agreement.


c.    Termination by Employer for Cause or by Executive Without Good Reason
. If Employer terminates Executive’s employment for Cause or if Executive 
terminates his employment without Good Reason, Employer shall pay Executive 
upon the effective date of such termination only such Base Salary earned 
and expenses reimbursable under this Agreement incurred through such 
termination date. In such case, Executive shall have no right to receive 
compensation or other benefits for any period after termination under this 
Agreement.


d.    Termination Due to Disability. If Employer terminates Executive’s 
employment on account of any mental or physical Disability that prevents 
Executive from performing his essential job functions, even with reasonable 
accommodation, Executive shall be entitled to: (i) all Base Salary earned 
and reimbursement for expenses incurred under this Agreement through the 
termination date, (ii) full Base Salary for the year following the 
termination date (less the amount of any payments received by Executive 
during such one (1) year period under any Employer sponsored disability 
plan), and (iii) health and dental insurance benefits for a period of one 
(1) year following the termination date, which benefits will be provided at 
Employer’s expense, but such period shall count towards the Employer’s 
continuation of coverage obligation under Section 4980B of Code (commonly 
referred to as “COBRA”). All such compensation shall be paid Executive in 
one (1) lump sum the first day of the month following a period of six (6) 
months after


------------------------------------------------------------------------




Executive’s employment was terminated, provided that Executive has signed a 
Release Agreement which has become irrevocable prior to the payment date.


If any disputed termination under Section 5.c. is subsequently determined 
to have been without Cause, Executive's recovery shall be limited to those 
payments and benefits set out under Section 5.b.


e.    Termination Upon Death of Executive. Executive’s employment under 
this Agreement shall be terminated upon the death of Executive. In such 
case, the Employer shall be obligated to pay to the surviving spouse of 
Executive, or if there is none, to the Executive’s estate: (i) that portion 
of Executive’s Base Salary that would otherwise have been paid to him for 
the month in which his death occurred, and (ii) any amounts due him 
pursuant to the Northrim Bank Savings Incentive Plan (401-K) and the 
Northrim BanCorp, Inc. Profit Sharing Plan, any supplemental deferred 
compensation plan, and any other death, insurance, employee benefit plan or 
stock benefit plan provided to Executive by the Employer, according to the 
terms of the respective plans.


f.    Termination Definitions.


(i)    “Change of Control.” For purposes of this Agreement, the term 
“Change of Control” shall mean the occurrence of one or more of the 
following events: (A) one (1) person or entity acquiring or otherwise 
becoming the owner of twenty-five percent (25%) or more of Employer’s 
outstanding common stock; (B) replacement of a majority of the incumbent 
directors of Northrim BanCorp, Inc. or Northrim Bank by directors whose 
elections have not been supported by a majority of the Board of either 
company, as appropriate; (C) dissolution or sale of fifty percent (50%) or 
more in value of the assets, of either Northrim BanCorp, Inc. or Northrim 
Bank; or (D) a change “in the ownership or effective control” or “in the 
ownership of a substantial portion of the assets” of Employer, within the 
meaning of Section 280G of the Internal Revenue Code.


(ii)    “Cause.” For purposes of this Agreement, termination for “Cause” 
shall include termination because Executive: (A) continually fails to 
substantially perform his duties with the Employer; (B) is adjudged guilty 
of a felony, any crime involving dishonesty or breach of trust or any crime 
involving a breach of his fiduciary duties to the Employer; (C) is 
willfully and continually failing to comply with any law, rule, or 
regulation (other than traffic violations or similar offenses) or final 
cease and desist order of a regulatory agency having jurisdiction over 
Employer; (D) commits a material act of dishonesty or disloyalty related to 
the business of the Employer; or (E) is unable to substantially perform his 
duties with the Employer due to drug addiction or chronic alcoholism. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, Executive shall not be deemed to have been 
terminated for Cause unless and until there shall have been delivered to 
him a copy of a resolution duly adopted by the affirmative vote of not less 
than three‑quarters (3/4) of the entire membership of the Employer’s Board 
of Directors at a meeting of the Board called for such purpose (after 
reasonable notice to Executive and an opportunity for him, together with 
his counsel, to be heard before the Board), finding that in the good faith 
opinion of the Board, he was guilty of conduct that constitutes Cause (as 
defined above) and specifying the conduct in detail.


(iii)    “Disability.” For purposes of this Agreement, “Disability” shall 
mean a medically diagnosed physical or mental impairment that may be 
expected to result in death, or to be of long, continued duration, and that 
renders Executive incapable of performing his essential job functions under 
this Agreement, even after he has been accorded reasonable accommodation. 
Employer’s Board of Directors, acting in good faith, in accordance with 
applicable law, shall make the final determination of whether Executive is 
suffering under any Disability (as herein defined) and, for purposes of 
making such determination, may require Executive to submit himself to a 
physical examination by a physician mutually agreed upon by the Executive 
and Employer’s Board of Directors at Employer’s expense.


------------------------------------------------------------------------




(iv)    “Good Reason.” For purposes of this Agreement, termination for 
“Good Reason” shall mean termination by Executive as a result of any 
material breach of this Agreement by Employer. Good Reason shall include, 
but not be limited to: (A) a material reduction in Executive’s compensation 
defined as a reduction equal to or greater than five percent (5%) of 
Executive’s then annual base salary; (B) a material reduction in 
Executive’s duties and responsibilities, but not merely a change in title; 
or (C) relocation of Executive’s primary workplace by more than fifty (50) 
miles. “Good Reason” will only be deemed to occur if, within ninety (90) 
days after a material reduction or change described above first occurs, the 
Executive provides notice to the Employer of the existence of Good Reason 
and of the Executive’s intended termination of employment due to Good 
Reason, and the Employer does not remove the Good Reason condition within 
ninety (90) days after receiving such notice from the Executive. The 
Executive’s written notice must explain the basis on which the Executive 
believes Good Reason exists, the cure period, and the date on which the 
Executive intends to terminate employment, which must be no later than six 
(6) months after the existence of the Good Reason. The provisions of 
Section 5.f.(iv) are intended to comply with the Good Reason safe harbor 
provisions of Code Section 409A and applicable regulations.


(v)    Termination from Employment. A termination from employment under 
this Agreement shall mean a “Separation from Service” as interpreted in 
accordance with Code Section 409A and generally meaning the date on which 
the Executive is no longer performing services for the Employer. The 
Executive shall not have a Separation from Service while on military leave, 
sick leave, or other bona fide leave of absence if the period of such leave 
does not exceed six (6) months, or if longer, so long as the Executive 
retains a right to reemployment under an applicable statute or contract. A 
leave of absence constitutes a bona fide leave of absence only if there is 
a reasonable expectation that the Executive will return to perform 
services.


6.    Limit on Severance Payment for Change of Control.


Notwithstanding anything above in Section 5.a., if the severance payment 
provided for in that Section, together with any other payments which the 
Executive has the right to receive from the Employer, would constitute a 
“parachute payment” (as defined in Section 280G(b)(2) of the Code), the 
severance payment shall be reduced. The reduction shall be in an amount so 
that the present value of the total amount received by the Executive from 
the Employer or its affiliates and subsidiaries will be 2.99 times the 
Executive’s base amount (as defined in Section 280G of the Code) and so 
that no portion of the amounts received by the Executive shall be subject 
to the excise tax imposed by Section 4999 of the Code (excise tax). Insofar 
as permitted by the Code, Employer shall reduce those elements of the 
severance pay package specified by the Executive. The determination as to 
whether any reduction in the severance payment is necessary shall be made 
by the Employer in good faith, and the determination shall be conclusive 
and binding on Executive. If through error or otherwise Executive should 
receive payments under this Plan, together with other payments the 
Executive has the right to receive from the Employer, in excess of 2.99 
times his base amount, Executive shall immediately repay the excess to 
Employer upon notification that an overpayment has been made.


7.    Covenant Not To Compete.


a.    Executive agrees that for the term of this Agreement and for a period 
of one (1) year after this Agreement is terminated pursuant to Section 5.a. 
or 5.b., Executive will not directly or indirectly be employed by, own, 
manage, operate, support, join, or benefit in any way from any business 
activity within the states where Employer operates that is competitive with 
Employer’s business or reasonably anticipated business of which Executive 
has knowledge. For purposes of the foregoing, Executive will be deemed to 
be connected with such business if the business is carried on by: (i) a 
partnership in which Executive is a general or limited partner; or (ii) a 
corporation of which Executive is a shareholder (other than a shareholder 
owning less than five percent (5%) of the total outstanding shares of the 
corporation), officer, director, employee or


------------------------------------------------------------------------




consultant, whether paid or unpaid. In the event of an alleged breach by 
Executive of this Section 7, the nine (9)month non-compete period shall be 
extended until such breach or violation has been duly cured, and shall 
restart so that Employer has received the intended benefit of nine (9) 
uninterrupted months of non-competition by Executive.


b.    The parties agree that if a trial judge with jurisdiction over a 
dispute related to this Agreement should determine that the restrictive 
covenant set forth above is unreasonably broad, the parties authorize such 
trial judge to narrow the covenant so as to make it reasonable, given all 
relevant circumstances, and to enforce such covenant. The provisions of 
this Section 7 shall survive termination of this Agreement.


8.    Nondisclosure of Confidential Information.


a.    During the term of Executive’s employment and thereafter, Executive 
agrees to hold Employer’s Confidential Information in strict confidence, 
and not disclose or use it at any time except as authorized by Employer and 
for Employer’s benefit. If anyone tries to compel Executive to disclose any 
Confidential Information, by subpoena or otherwise, Executive agrees 
immediately to notify Employer so that Employer may take any actions it 
deems necessary to protect its interests. Executive’s agreement to protect 
Employer’s Confidential Information applies both during the term of this 
Agreement and after employment ends, regardless of the reason it ends.


b.    “Confidential Information” includes, without limitation, any 
information in whatever form that Employer considers to be confidential, 
proprietary, information and that is not publicly or generally available 
relating to Employer’s: trade secrets (as defined by the Uniform Trade 
Secrets Act), know-how, concepts, methods, research and development, 
product, content and technology development plans, marketing plans, 
databases, inventions, research data and mechanisms, software (including 
functional specifications, source code and object code), procedures, 
engineering, purchasing, accounting, marketing, sales, customers, 
advertisers, joint venture partners, suppliers, financial status, contracts 
or employees. Confidential Information includes information developed by 
Executive, alone or with others, or entrusted to Employer by its customers 
or others.


9.    Non-Solicitation.


During the course of Executive’s employment and for a period of nine (9) 
months from the date of termination of employment for any reason, Executive 
shall not directly or indirectly solicit or entice any of the following to 
cease, terminate or reduce any relationship with Employer or to divert any 
business from Employer: (a) any person who was an employee of Employer 
during the nine (9) month period immediately preceding the termination of 
Executive’s employment; (b) any customer or client of Employer; or (c) any 
prospective customer or client of Employer from whom Executive actively 
solicited business within the last nine (9) months of Executive’s 
employment. In the event of an alleged breach by Executive of this Section 
9, the nine (9) month non-solicitation period shall be extended until such 
breach or violation has been duly cured, and shall restart so that Employer 
has received the intended benefit of nine (9) uninterrupted months of 
non-solicitation by Executive.


10.    Non-Disparagement. 


Executive will not, during the Term or after the termination or expiration 
of this Agreement or Executive’s employment, make disparaging statements, 
in any form, about Employer’s officers, directors, agents, employees, 
products or services which Executive knows, or has reason to believe, are 
false or misleading.


------------------------------------------------------------------------




11.    Mutual Agreement to Arbitrate.


a.    Except as provided in Section 11.b., in the event of a dispute or 
claim between Executive and Employer related to Employee’s employment or 
termination of employment, all such disputes or claims will be resolved 
exclusively by confidential arbitration in accordance with the National 
Rules for the Resolution of Employment Disputes of the American Arbitration 
Association (“AAA”). This means that the parties agree to waive their 
rights to have such disputes or claims decided in court by a jury. Instead, 
such disputes or claims will be resolved by an impartial AAA arbitrator 
whose decision will be final.


b.    The only disputes or claims that are not subject to arbitration are 
any claims by Executive for workers’ compensation or unemployment benefits, 
and any claim by Executive for benefits under an employee benefit plan that 
provides its own arbitration procedure. Also, Executive and Employer may 
seek equitable relief (such as an injunction or declaratory relief) in 
court in appropriate circumstances. Specifically, Executive recognizes that 
Employer does not have an adequate remedy at law to protect its business 
from Executive’s breach of Sections 7, 8, or 9 of this Agreement, and 
therefore Employer shall be entitled to bring an action for a temporary 
restraining order and preliminary injunctive relief pre-arbitration, in the 
event of any actual or threatened breach by Executive of Sections 7, 8, or 
9. In such court proceeding, Employer shall not be required to post a bond 
or other security, and Employer may also be awarded actual damages caused 
by Executive’s breach of Sections 7, 8, or 9 of this Agreement as well as 
repayment of all or a portion of any severance that Employer previously 
paid to Executive.


c.    Except as provided by section 11.b., the arbitration procedure will 
afford Executive and Employer the full range of legal, equitable, and/or 
statutory remedies. Employer will pay all costs that are unique to 
arbitration, except that the party who initiates arbitration will pay the 
filing fee charged by AAA. Executive and Employer shall be entitled to 
discovery sufficient to adequately arbitrate their claims, including access 
to essential documents and witnesses, as determined by the arbitrator and 
subject to limited judicial review. In order for any judicial review of the 
arbitrator’s decision to be successfully accomplished, the arbitrator will 
issue a written decision that will decide all issues submitted and will 
reveal the essential findings and conclusions on which the award is based.


12.    Miscellaneous.


a.    This Agreement contains the entire agreement between the parties with 
respect to Executive’s employment with Employer, and is subject to 
modification or amendment only upon agreement in writing signed by both 
parties.


b.    This Agreement shall bind and inure to the benefit of the heirs, 
legal representatives, successors and assigns of the parties, except that 
Employer’s rights and obligations may not be assigned.


c.    If any provision of this Agreement is invalid or otherwise 
unenforceable, in whole or in part, then such provision shall be modified 
so as to be enforceable to the maximum extent permitted by law. If such 
provision cannot be modified to be enforceable, the provision shall be 
severed from the Agreement to the extent it is unenforceable. All other 
provisions and any partially enforceable provisions shall remain unaffected 
and shall remain in full force and effect.


d.    In the event of any claim or dispute arising out of this Agreement, 
the party that substantially prevails shall be entitled to reimbursement of 
all expenses incurred in connection with such claim or dispute, including, 
without limitation, attorneys’ fees and other professional fees. This 
paragraph shall apply to expenses incurred with or without suit, and in any 
judicial, arbitration or administrative proceedings, including all appeals 
therefrom.


------------------------------------------------------------------------




e.    Any notice required to be given under this Agreement to either party 
shall be given by personal service (i.e., via hand delivery) or by 
depositing a copy of such notice in the United States registered or 
certified mail, postage prepaid, addressed to the following address, or 
such other address as addressee shall designate in writing:

Employer:     


3111 “C” Street
Anchorage, AK 99503

Executive:    

Address on file with Northrim BanCorp, Inc. Human Resources Department.

f.    This Agreement shall in all respects, including all matters of 
construction, validity and performance, be governed by and construed and 
enforced according to the laws of the State of Alaska.


g.    This Agreement is intended to comply and shall be interpreted and 
construed in a manner consistent with the provisions of Internal Revenue 
Code Section 409A, including any rule or regulation promulgated thereunder. 
In the event that any provision of the Agreement would cause a benefit or 
amount provided hereunder to be subject to tax under the Internal Revenue 
Code prior to the time such amount is paid, such provision shall, without 
the necessity of further action by the signatories to this Agreement, be 
null and void as of the Effective Date.


h.    Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary in this Agreement, no 
payment of any type or amount of compensation or benefits shall be made or 
owed by Employer to Executive pursuant to this Agreement or otherwise to 
the extent that payment of such type or amount is restricted or prohibited 
by, is not permitted under, or has not received any required approval 
under, any applicable federal or state statute, regulation, rule, policy, 
order, opinion, interpretation or similar issuance, whether now in 
existence or hereafter adopted or imposed, including without limitation any 
provisions of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act 
or regulations promulgated thereunder, 12 USC 1828(k) or 12 CFR Part 359. 
In the event that any payment made to Executive hereunder, under any prior 
employment agreement or arrangement or otherwise is required under any 
applicable federal or state statute, regulation, rule, policy, order, 
opinion, interpretation or similar issuance or under any agreement with or 
policy or plan of Employer to be paid back to Employer, Executive shall 
upon written demand from Employer promptly pay such amount back to 
Employer.






------------------------------------------------------------------------





EMPLOYER:    
NORTHRIM BANCORP, INC.


    
By: /s/ David J McCambridge
David J. McCambridge
Its: Chairman of the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors

NORTHRIM BANK



By: /s/ David J McCambridge
David J. McCambridge
Its: Chairman of the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors




EXECUTIVE:



/s/ Michael Martin    
Michael Martin




