 EX-10.31 6 exhibit1031-nonxqualifieds.htm NON-QUALIFIED STOCK OPTION AND 
SAR AGREEMENT (INSTALLMENT-VESTING FORM)

Exhibit 10.31

Kemper Corporation 2011 Omnibus Equity Plan


NON-QUALIFIED STOCK OPTION AND SAR AGREEMENT


(Installment-Vesting Form)




This NON-QUALIFIED STOCK OPTION AND SAR AGREEMENT (“Agreement”) is made as 
of this ______ day of ___________, 2___ (“Grant Date”) between KEMPER 
CORPORATION, a Delaware corporation (the “Company”), and «name» (the “Award 
Holder”), for an award consisting of the right and option (the “Option”) to 
purchase on the terms and conditions hereinafter set forth, all or any part 
(subject to the limitations of Section 3) of an aggregate of «shares» 
(«number») shares of the Common Stock of the Company (“Common Stock”) at 
the purchase price of $______ per share.




SIGNATURES


As of the date set forth above, the parties have accepted the terms of this 
Agreement by signing this Agreement by an electronic signature, and each 
party agrees that such signature shall not be denied legal effect, validity 
or enforceability solely because it was submitted or executed 
electronically.


KEMPER CORPORATION            AWARD HOLDER


By: «CEO Signature and Title»    «name»                




    
RECITALS
        
A.    The Board of Directors of the Company has adopted the Kemper 
Corporation 2011 Omnibus Equity Plan (the “Plan”), including all amendments 
to date, to be administered by the Compensation Committee of the Company’s 
Board of Directors or any subcommittee thereof, or any other committee 
designated by the Board to administer the Plan (the “Committee”). 
Capitalized terms that are not defined herein shall be defined in 
accordance with the Plan.


B.    The Plan authorizes the Committee to grant to selected employees, 
directors and Third Party Service Providers of the Company or any Affiliate 
of the Company awards of various types, including of options to purchase 
shares of Common Stock of the Company and tandem stock appreciation rights 
(“SAR(s)”).


C.    Pursuant to the Plan, the Committee has determined that it is in the 
best interest of the Company and its shareholders to grant a non-qualified 
stock option (and tandem SAR) to the Award Holder, and has approved the 
execution of this Non-Qualified Stock Option and SAR Agreement between the 
Company and the Award Holder.



As of 2-7-17
------------------------------------------------------------------------

D.    Neither the option nor the SAR granted hereby is intended to qualify 
as an “incentive stock option” under Section 422 of the Internal Revenue 
Code of 1986, as amended.


NOW, THEREFORE, the parties hereto agree as follows:


1.    Grant.


(a) The Company grants the Option to the Award Holder, which Option will be 
exercisable from time to time in accordance with the provisions of this 
Agreement during a period expiring on the tenth anniversary of the Grant 
Date or such later date as may result from the application of Section 6 
(such anniversary or later date is referred to as the “Expiration Date”). 
The Option is also subject to early termination pursuant to Section 3(f) 
and Section 5.


(b) The Option is coupled with a SAR that is exercisable to the extent, and 
only to the extent, that the Option is exercisable under the vesting 
provisions of Section 2. The term of the SAR shall expire on the Expiration 
Date and shall be subject to early termination pursuant to Section 3(f) and 
Section 5. The SAR shall entitle the Award Holder to surrender the Option 
(or any portion thereof, subject to Section 3(a)) to the Company 
unexercised and receive in exchange for the surrender of the Option (or the 
surrendered portion thereof) that number of shares of the Company’s common 
stock having an aggregate value equal to: (A) the excess of the fair market 
value of one share of such stock (as determined in accordance with Section 
4) over the purchase price per share specified on page one above (or, if 
applicable, such price as adjusted pursuant to Section 9 hereof), 
multiplied by (B) the number of such shares subject to the Option (or 
portion thereof) which is so surrendered.


2.    Vesting.


(a) The Award Holder may not purchase any shares by exercise of this Option 
or the SAR until the date on which they are exercisable (the “Vesting 
Date(s)”). Subject to early vesting or forfeiture pursuant to Section 5, 
the shares subject to this Option and SAR shall become exercisable in four 
(4), equal annual installments, the first of which shall vest on the 
six-month anniversary of the Grant Date (the “Initial Vesting Date”), and 
the remainder of which shall vest on the first, second and third 
anniversaries of the Initial Vesting Date, respectively, provided that: (i) 
the Award Holder is in Service (as hereafter defined) on the Vesting Date; 
or (ii) the Award Holder is Retirement Eligible (as hereafter defined) 
prior to the date the Award Holder terminates Service and the Award Holder 
has not, at any time prior to or on the Vesting Date, become an employee of 
a competitor of the Company or any of its Affiliates or otherwise engaged 
in any activity that is competitive with the Company or any of its 
Affiliates, as determined by the Company in its sole discretion.


(b)     Certain Definitions.


(i) “Service” means that the Award Holder is employed by, or a Third Party 
Service Provider or member of the board of directors of, the Company or an 
Affiliate.


(ii) “Retirement Eligible” means that the Award Holder has either attained 
age 60 and completed 10 years of Service as an Employee or attained age 65 
and completed 5 years of Service as an Employee.




As of 2-7-17

------------------------------------------------------------------------

Subject to early vesting or forfeiture under Section 5 or the terms of the 
Plan and no later than the Expiration Date, the Award Holder may purchase 
all or any part (subject to the limitations of Section 3) of the shares 
subject to this Option which are currently exercisable, or such lesser 
number of shares as may be available through the exercise of the SAR. The 
total number of shares subject to the Option and the number of shares 
subject to the Option which are currently exercisable by the Award Holder 
each shall be reduced by the number of shares previously acquired by the 
Award Holder pursuant to this Agreement.


3.    Manner of Exercise.


(a)    Each exercise of this Option shall be by means of a written notice 
of exercise delivered to the Company by the Award Holder or his or her 
Representative. Such notice shall identify the Options being exercised. 
When applicable, the notice shall also specify the number of shares of 
Common Stock that the Award Holder plans to deliver in payment of all or 
part of the exercise price. Before shares will be issued, the full purchase 
price of the shares subject to the Options being exercised shall be paid to 
the Company using the following methods, individually or in combination: 
(i) by check payable to the order of the Company in an amount equal to the 
purchase price, (ii) by Constructive or Actual Delivery of shares of Common 
Stock with a fair market value as of the close of business on the date of 
exercise equal to or greater than the purchase price, (iii) by electronic 
transfer of funds to an account of the Company, or (iv) by other means 
acceptable to the Committee. This Option may not be exercised for a 
fraction of a share and no partial exercise of this Option may be for less 
than fifty (50) shares unless the total number of shares covered by this 
Option is less than 50 on the date of exercise or unless this Option is 
scheduled to expire within six months of the date of exercise.


(b)    Each exercise of the SAR shall be by means of a written notice of 
exercise delivered to the Company, specifying whether the Award Holder is 
surrendering all or a portion of the Option and, if only a portion of the 
Option is being surrendered, how many shares are included in such portion 
(to the extent determinable by the Award Holder). Upon satisfaction of the 
Award Holder’s obligation to pay the Company the amount of all taxes that 
the Company is required to withhold in connection with such exercise as 
specified in Section 3(e) below, the Company shall issue to the Award 
Holder a number of shares of the Company’s common stock computed in 
accordance with Section 1(b) and the Option and the SAR (or the surrendered 
portions thereof) shall be deemed extinguished. The SAR may only be settled 
in shares of the Company’s common stock and not by payment of cash to the 
Award Holder. Any fractional share that would otherwise result from an 
exercise of the SAR shall be rounded down to the nearest whole share.


(c)    The date of exercise shall be: (i) in the case of a broker-assisted 
cashless exercise, the earlier of (A) the trade date of the related sale of 
stock or (B) the date that the Company receives the purchase price; (ii) in 
the case of a SAR, or an Option exercise in which the Award Holder elects 
to pay some or all of the exercise price and/or any related withholding 
taxes by Constructive or Actual Delivery of shares of Common Stock (or, in 
the case of such taxes, by directing the Company to withhold shares that 
would otherwise be issued upon exercise of such Option), the date that the 
Company receives written notice of such exercise; or (iii) in all other 
cases, the date that the Company receives the purchase price.




As of 2-7-17

------------------------------------------------------------------------

(d)    This Option and SAR may be exercised only by the Award Holder or his 
or her Representative, and not otherwise, regardless of any community 
property interest therein of the spouse of the Award Holder, or such 
spouse’s successors in interest. If the spouse of the Award Holder shall 
have acquired a community property interest in this Option and the SAR, the 
Award Holder, or the Award Holder’s Representative, may exercise the Option 
and the SAR on behalf of the spouse of the Award Holder or such spouse’s 
successors in interest.


(e)    Upon the exercise of this Option or SAR, the Company shall require 
the Award Holder or the Award Holder’s Representative to pay the Company 
the amount of any taxes which the Company may be required to withhold with 
respect to such exercise. Subject to the limitations set forth in the next 
two sentences, the Award Holder or his/her Representative may elect to 
satisfy all or any portion of such tax withholding obligations either by: 
(i) any of the methods described in Sections 3(a)(i) through 3(a)(iv) 
above, or (ii) directing the Company to withhold shares that would 
otherwise have been issued pursuant to the exercise of this Option or SAR. 
Neither the Award Holder nor his/her Representative shall have the right to 
use Constructive or Actual Delivery of shares of Common Stock or to have 
shares withheld, in either case, to the extent that the Fair Market Value 
of such shares delivered or withheld on the date of exercise exceeds the 
amount required to be delivered or withheld to meet tax withholding 
requirements, based on the maximum statutory withholding rates for the 
Award Holder for federal, state and local tax purposes (including the Award 
Holder’s share of payroll or similar taxes) in the applicable jurisdiction. 
In the case of an exercise of the SAR, the Company retains the right to 
require the Award Holder to pay any and all withholding taxes arising out 
of such exercise solely in cash.


(f)    In the event the Option (or any portion thereof) is exercised, then 
the SAR (or the corresponding portion) shall terminate. In the event that 
the SAR (or any portion thereof) is exercised, then the Option (or the 
corresponding portion) shall likewise terminate.


4.    Fair Market Value of Common Stock. The fair market value of a share 
of Common Stock shall be determined for purposes of this Agreement by 
reference to the closing price of a share of Common Stock, as reported by 
the New York Stock Exchange (or such other exchange on which the Shares of 
Common Stock are primarily traded) for the Grant Date or date of exercise, 
as applicable, or if such date is not a business day, for the business day 
immediately preceding such date (or, if for any reason no such price is 
available, in such other manner as the Committee may deem appropriate to 
reflect the then fair market value thereof).


5.    Termination of Service. The Option may be subject to early vesting or 
forfeiture in accordance with the following provisions:


      (a)
Death or Disability.
(i)    The Vesting Date shall be the date of the Award Holder’s death or 
Disability if the Award Holder dies or becomes Disabled: (A) while in 
Service; or (B) after terminating Service if the Award Holder (1) was 
Retirement Eligible on the date of such termination of Service, and (2) had 
not, at any time prior to the date of the Award Holder’s death or 
Disability, become an employee of a competitor of the Company or any of its 
Affiliates or otherwise engaged in any activity that is competitive with 
the Company or any of its Affiliates, as determined by the Company in its 
sole




As of 2-7-17

------------------------------------------------------------------------

discretion. On such Vesting Date, any portion of this Option and SAR 
granted hereunder that is outstanding but not vested shall immediately vest 
and, along with any previously-vested portion that is then outstanding, 
remain outstanding and exercisable until the earlier of the Expiration Date 
or one year from the Vesting Date, and any portion not exercised within 
such period shall be forfeited to the Company.


      (ii) “Disabled” or “Disability” means that the Award Holder either:


      (A)    is unable to engage in any substantial gainful activity by
      reason of any medically determinable physical or mental impairment
      that can be expected to result in death or can be expected to last
      for a continuous period of not less than 12 months and, with respect
      to an Award Holder who is an Employee, is receiving income
      replacement benefits for a period of not less than three months under
      an accident and health plan (e.g. a long term disability plan)
      covering Employees of the Company or Affiliate that employs the Award
      Holder; or


      (B)    has been determined to be totally disabled by the Social
      Security Administration or Railroad Retirement Board.


 (b)    Divestiture of Employer. If the Company divests its controlling 
interest in an Affiliate, or if its control of such Affiliate otherwise 
ceases, and the Award Holder is in Service to such Affiliate and is not in 
Service to the Company or another Affiliate, then any unvested portion of 
this Option and SAR held by the Award Holder on the date of such 
divestiture or cessation of control shall be forfeited to the Company if 
the Award Holder is not Retirement Eligible on such date. The Award Holder 
shall have until the earlier of 90 days from such date or the Expiration 
Date, in which to exercise any portion that is vested on such date, and any 
portion that is not exercised within such period shall be forfeited to the 
Company.


If the Award Holder is Retirement Eligible on the date of such divestiture 
or cessation of control, this Option and SAR shall continue to vest in 
accordance with Section 2(a) and the Award Holder shall have until the 
Expiration Date to exercise any portion of the Option that becomes vested; 
provided, however, that if the Award Holder dies or becomes Disabled prior 
to the Expiration Date, Section 5(a) shall apply.


(c)    Other Termination of Service. If the Award Holder ceases to be in 
Service under circumstances other than those set forth in the foregoing 
subsections (a) or (b), then:


(i)     If the termination of Service is not for Substantial Cause and the 
Award Holder is not Retirement Eligible, then any portion of this Option 
and SAR held by the Award Holder that was not vested on the date of 
termination shall immediately be forfeited to the Company, and the Award 
Holder shall have until the earlier of 90 days from the date of termination 
or the Expiration Date in which to exercise any portion that was vested on 
such date, and any portion not exercised within such period shall be 
forfeited to the Company.


(ii)    If the termination of Service is not for Substantial Cause and the 
Award Holder is Retirement Eligible, the Award Holder shall continue to 
vest in this Option and SAR in




As of 2-7-17

------------------------------------------------------------------------

accordance with Section 2(a) and shall have until the Expiration Date to 
exercise any portion of the Option that becomes vested, unless (A) the 
Award Holder becomes an employee of a competitor of the Company or any of 
its Affiliates or otherwise engages in any activity that is competitive 
with the Company or any of its Affiliates, as determined by the Company in 
its sole discretion, in which case any portion of this Option and SAR that 
was not vested on the date that such employment or activity began shall be 
forfeited to the Company on such date, or (B) the Award Holder dies or 
becomes Disabled prior to the Expiration Date, in which case Section 5(a) 
shall apply.


(iii)    If the termination of Service is for Substantial Cause, regardless 
of whether the Award Holder is Retirement Eligible, then any portion of 
this Option and SAR that remains outstanding on the date of termination 
(whether vested or unvested) shall be forfeited to the Company, 
notwithstanding any otherwise applicable term of this Agreement that 
provided for vesting or non-forfeitability, including (but not limited to) 
Section 2(a).


6.    Extension of Expiration in Certain Cases. From time to time, the 
Company may declare “blackout” periods during which the Award Holder may be 
prohibited from engaging in certain transactions in Company securities. In 
the event that the scheduled Expiration Date of this Option and SAR shall 
fall within a blackout period that has been declared by the Company and 
that applies to the Award Holder, then the Expiration Date shall 
automatically, and without further notice to Award Holder, be extended 
until such time as fifteen (15) consecutive business days have elapsed 
after the scheduled Expiration Date without interruption by any blackout 
period that applied to the Award Holder.


7.    Shares to be Issued in Compliance with Federal Securities Laws and 
Exchange Rules. No shares issuable upon the exercise of this Option or SAR 
shall be issued and delivered unless and until there shall have been full 
compliance with all applicable requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, 
as amended (whether by registration or satisfaction of exemption 
conditions), all applicable listing requirements of the New York Stock 
Exchange or such other exchange(s) or markets on which shares of the same 
class are then listed and any other requirements of law or of any 
regulatory bodies having jurisdiction over such issuance and delivery. The 
Company shall use its best efforts and take all necessary or appropriate 
actions to assure that such full compliance on the part of the Company is 
made.


8.    No Assignment. This Option and SAR and all rights and privileges 
granted hereby (including the right of exercise) shall not be transferred, 
assigned, pledged or hypothecated in any way, whether by operation of the 
law or otherwise, except by will or the laws of descent and distribution. 
Without limiting the generality of the preceding sentence, no rights or 
privileges granted hereby may be assigned or otherwise transferred to the 
spouse or former spouse of the Award Holder pursuant to any divorce 
proceedings, settlement or judgment. Upon any attempt to transfer, assign, 
pledge, hypothecate or otherwise dispose of this Option or SAR or any other 
rights or privileges granted hereby contrary to the provisions hereof, this 
Option and SAR and all other rights and privileges contained herein shall 
immediately become null and void and of no further force or effect.




As of 2-7-17

------------------------------------------------------------------------

9.    Certain Adjustments; Change in Control.


(a)     The provisions of Sections 4.4 and 19.2 of the Plan relating to 
certain adjustments in the case of stock splits, reorganizations, equity 
restructurings and similar matters described therein are hereby 
incorporated in and made a part of this Agreement. Any such adjustments 
shall be made by the Committee, whose determination as to what adjustments 
shall be made, and the extent thereof, shall be final, binding and 
conclusive. No fractional shares of Common Stock shall be issued under the 
Plan on any such adjustment.


(b)     This award may be subject to termination or early vesting in 
connection with a Change in Control in accordance with the provisions of 
Section 18.3 of the Plan.


10.    Participation by Award Holder in Other Company Plans. Nothing herein 
contained shall affect the right of the Award Holder to participate in and 
receive benefits under and in accordance with the then current provisions 
of any retirement plan or employee welfare benefit plan or program of the 
Company or of any Affiliate of the Company, subject in each case, to the 
terms and conditions of any such plan or program.


11.    No Rights as a Stockholder Until Issuance of Shares. Neither the 
Award Holder nor his/her Representative shall be entitled to any of the 
rights or privileges of a stockholder of the Company in respect of any 
shares issuable upon any exercise of this Option or SAR unless and until 
such shares shall have been issued and delivered to: (i) Award Holder in 
the form of certificates, (ii) a brokerage or other account for the benefit 
of Award Holder either in certificate form or via “DWAC” or similar 
electronic means, or (iii) a book entry or direct registration account in 
the name of Award Holder.


12.    Not an Employment or Service Contract. Nothing herein contained 
shall be construed as an agreement by the Company or any of its Affiliates, 
expressed or implied, to employ the Award Holder or contract for the Award 
Holder’s services, to restrict the right of the Company or any of its 
Affiliates to discharge Award Holder or cease contracting for Award 
Holder’s services or to modify, extend or otherwise affect in any manner 
whatsoever, the terms of any employment agreement or contract for services 
which may exist between the Award Holder and the Company or any of its 
Affiliates.


13.    Agreement Subject to the Plan. This Option and SAR hereby granted 
are subject to, and the Company and the Award Holder agree to be bound by, 
all of the terms and conditions of the Plan, as the same may be amended 
from time to time hereafter in accordance with the terms thereof, but no 
such amendment shall adversely affect the Award Holder’s rights under this 
Agreement without the prior written consent of the Award Holder. To the 
extent that the terms or conditions of this Agreement conflict with the 
terms or conditions of the Plan, the Plan shall govern.


14.    Arbitration. Notwithstanding the terms of any other agreement in 
effect between the parties, all disputes related to this Agreement or any 
RSUs granted hereunder shall be submitted to final and binding arbitration 
with the American Arbitration Association (“AAA”) pursuant to the AAA 
Employment Arbitration Rules and Mediation Procedures (“AAA Rules”) as 
amended from time to time. A copy of the AAA Rules is available to the 
Award Holder upon written request to




As of 2-7-17

------------------------------------------------------------------------

the Company’s Director of Human Resources at One East Wacker Drive, 
Chicago, Illinois 60601 (or such other address as the Company may specify 
from time to time), or may be obtained online at: www.adr.org.


To initiate arbitration, either party must file a Demand for Arbitration 
(“Demand”) in the manner described in the AAA Rules. After a Demand has 
been filed and served, either party may request that the dispute initially 
be mediated pursuant to the AAA Rules, in which event such dispute shall be 
mediated. If mediation does not fully resolve the dispute or if neither 
party requests mediation, then the matter will be subject to arbitration 
before a single arbitrator who shall have the power to award any types of 
legal or equitable relief (other than punitive damages) available in a 
court of competent jurisdiction, including, but not limited to, attorneys’ 
fees and costs, and all defenses that would be applicable in a court of 
competent jurisdiction shall be available. Unless provided otherwise in the 
arbitrator’s award, each party will pay its own attorneys’ fees and costs. 
To the extent required by law or the AAA Rules, all administrative costs of 
arbitration (including reimbursement of filing fees) and the fees of the 
arbitrator will be paid by the Company. The parties agree that no class 
action proceedings (or joinder or consolidation with claims of any other 
person) may be brought in connection with this Agreement without the 
written consent of both parties.


15.    Governing Law. This Agreement and any disputes hereunder shall be 
governed by and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the State of 
Delaware, without application of its conflicts of laws principles, and the 
Federal Arbitration Act.


16.    Miscellaneous. This Agreement, together with the Plan, is the entire 
agreement of the parties with respect to the Option and SAR granted hereby 
and may not be amended except in a writing signed by both the Company and 
the Award Holder or his/her Representative. If any provision of this 
Agreement is deemed invalid, it shall be modified to the extent possible 
and minimally necessary to be enforceable, and, in any event, the remainder 
of this Agreement will be in full force and effect.


17.    Forfeiture and Clawback of Award. Notwithstanding the terms 
regarding vesting and forfeiture or any other provision set forth in this 
Agreement and as a condition to the receipt of this Award, the rights, 
payments and benefits with respect to this Award are subject to reduction, 
cancellation, forfeiture, or recoupment by the Company if and to the extent
 required in accordance with Company policy as in effect from time to time 
(“Company Policy”), and/or as otherwise required by applicable law, rule or 
regulation of the Securities and Exchange Commission, or rule or listing 
requirement of the New York Stock Exchange as in effect from time to time 
(collectively with the Company Policy, “Applicable Requirements”) in 
connection with an accounting restatement or under such other circumstances 
as specified in the Applicable Requirements. Any action taken under this 
provision shall be made pursuant to the Company’s determination, which 
shall be final, binding and conclusive.


ADDITIONAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE ONLY TO EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE COMPANY:


18.    Stock Holding Period. The Award Holder agrees to hold all shares of 
Common Stock acquired upon the exercise of Options granted hereunder for a 
minimum of twelve months




As of 2-7-17

------------------------------------------------------------------------

following the date of such exercise. This holding period shall not apply to 
shares sold or tendered by the Award Holder and/or withheld by the Company 
to pay the Option exercise price and/or to settle tax liabilities related 
to the Option exercise, and as otherwise may be provided under the 
Company’s Stock Ownership Policy.




As of 2-7-17

