 EX-10.02 3 v458432_ex10-02.htm EXHIBIT 10.02
 
Exhibit 10.02
 
AMENDMENT
 
TO
 
NOTE PURCHASE AGREEMENT
 
This Amendment to the Note Purchase Agreement, dated as of July 31, 2012, 
as amended, (this “Amendment”), is entered into as of December 31, 2016 
(subject to the satisfaction of the conditions set forth in Section 3 
below, the “Effective Date”), by and between Dynasil Corporation of 
America, a Delaware corporation (the “Company”), and Massachusetts Capital 
Resource Company (the “Purchaser”).
 
WITNESSETH:
 
WHEREAS, the Company and the Purchaser are parties to that certain Note 
Purchase Agreement, dated as of July 31, 2012, (as amended to date and as 
amended hereby and as may be further amended, restated, supplemented or 
otherwise modified from time to time, the “Purchase Agreement”);
 
WHEREAS, pursuant to the Purchase Agreement the Company issued and sold to 
the Purchaser the Company’s Note in the original outstanding principal 
amount of $3,000,000 (the “Note”);
 
WHEREAS, the Company has requested the Purchaser to amend certain 
provisions of the Purchase Agreement and the Note; and
 
WHEREAS, the Purchaser is willing to make such amendments, all on the terms 
and subject to the conditions set forth herein;
 
NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing and for other good and 
valid consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby 
acknowledged, the parties hereto, intending to be legally bound, hereby 
agree as follows:
   
1. 	Defined Terms. Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have 
the respective meanings ascribed to such terms in the Purchase Agreement.
   
2. 	Amendment to Purchase Agreement and Notes. Upon satisfaction of the 
conditions to effectiveness set forth in Section 3 below:
   
    (a)       As of and from the Effective Date of this Amendment, all
    references in the Purchase Agreement, and all exhibits thereto, to the
    Notes being “due 2018” are hereby amended to read “due 2019”. Further,
    all references in the Purchase Agreement, and all exhibits thereto, to
    the Notes being due on “July 31, 2018” are hereby amended to read “July
    31, 2019”.
 

 

 

  
    (b)       As of and from the Effective Date of this Amendment, Section
    1.04(a) of the Purchase Agreement is amended in its entirety to read as
    follows:
 
       “(a)   Required Redemptions. Beginning on and with November 30,
       2017, and on the last day of each calendar month thereafter through
       and including July 31, 2019, the Company will redeem, without
       premium, $41,380.95 in principal amount of the Notes, or such lesser
       amount as may be then outstanding, together with all accrued and
       unpaid interest then due on the amount so redeemed. On the stated or
       accelerated maturity of the Notes, the Company will pay the
       principal amount of the Notes then outstanding together with all
       accrued and unpaid interest then due thereon. No optional redemption
       of less than all of the Notes shall affect the obligation of the
       Company to make the redemptions required by this subsection.”
     
    (c)       As of and from the Effective Date of this Amendment, all
    references in the Notes to being “due 2018” are hereby amended to read
    “due 2019”. Further, all references in the Notes to being due on “July
    31, 2018” are hereby amended to read “July 31, 2019”.
   
3. 	Conditions. The effectiveness of this Amendment is subject to the 
following conditions:
     
   (a)       the execution and delivery of this Amendment by the Company
   and the Purchaser;
     
   (b)       Middlesex Savings Bank shall have consented to this Amendment
   and the provisions contained herein;
       
   (c)       the execution of the acknowledgement of this Amendment by each
   guarantor whose name appears at the end of this Amendment;
         
   (d)       the Puvrchaser shall have received a certificate of the
   Company certifying certified copies of all documents evidencing other
   necessary corporate or other action and governmental approvals, if any,
   with respect to this Amendment and the Note; and
     
   (e)       the Company shall have paid the Purchaser all fees, costs and
   expenses of the Purchaser in connection with this Amendment, including,
   without limitation, reasonable fees, costs and expenses of counsel.
 
4. 	Representations and Warranties. The Company hereby represents and 
warrants to the Purchaser as follows:
             
   (a)       the Company is a corporation, duly organized, validly existing
   and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its
   formation;
     
   (b)       the Company has the power and authority to execute, deliver
   and perform its obligations under this Amendment, the Purchase Agreement
   and the Note;
 

  	2 	 

 

  
   (c)       the execution, delivery and performance by the Company of this
   Amendment, the Purchase Agreement and the Note have been duly authorized
   by all necessary corporate action and does not and will not require any
   registration with, consent or approval of, notice to or action by, any
   Person (including any governmental agency);
     
   (d)       this Amendment, the Purchase Agreement, the Note, and any
   other loan documents executed in connection herewith and therewith (the
   “Loan Documents”) to which the Company or any of its subsidiaries or
   affiliates is a party, as each Loan Document is amended by this
   Amendment, constitute the legal, valid and binding obligation of the
   Company and such subsidiaries and affiliates, enforceable against such
   person in accordance with its terms;
     
   (e)       after giving effect to this Amendment, (i) no Event of Default
   exists or shall exist under the Purchase Agreement, and (ii) no event of
   default exists or shall exist under the Company’s or any of its
   subsidiaries’ or affiliates’ loan agreements with any bank or financial
   institution;
     
   (f)       after giving effect to this Amendment, all representations and
   warranties by the Company contained in the Purchase Agreement and the
   Note are true and correct in all material respects as of the date
   hereof, except to the extent made as of a specific date, in which case
   each such representation and warranty shall be true and correct as of
   such date; and
     
   (g)       by its signature below, the Company agrees that it shall
   constitute an Event of Default if any representation or warranty made
   herein is untrue or incorrect in any material respect as of the date
   when made or deemed made.
   
5. 	Agreement in Full Force and Effect as Amended. Except as specifically 
amended hereunder, the Purchase Agreement, the Note, and other Loan 
Documents shall remain in full force and effect and are hereby ratified and 
confirmed as so amended. Except as expressly set forth herein, this 
Amendment shall not be deemed to be a waiver, amendment or modification of 
any provisions of the Purchase Agreement or any other Loan Document or any 
right, power or remedy of the Purchaser, nor constitute a waiver of any 
provision of the Purchase Agreement or any other Loan Document, or any 
other document, instrument and/or agreement executed or delivered in 
connection therewith or of any Event of Default under any of the foregoing, 
in each case, whether arising before or after the date hereof or as a 
result of performance hereunder or thereunder. This Amendment also shall 
not preclude the future exercise of any right, remedy, power, or privilege 
available to the Purchaser whether under the Purchase Agreement, the Note, 
the other Loan Documents, at law or otherwise and nothing contained herein 
shall constitute a course of conduct or dealing among the parties hereto. 
All references to the Purchase Agreement shall be deemed to mean the 
Purchase Agreement as amended hereby. This Amendment shall not constitute a 
novation or satisfaction and accord of the Purchase Agreement and/or other 
Loan Documents, but shall constitute an amendment thereof. The parties 
hereto agree to be bound by the terms and conditions of the Purchase 
Agreement, the Note, and Loan Documents as amended by this Amendment, as 
though such terms and conditions were set forth herein. Each reference in 
the Purchase Agreement to “this Agreement,” “hereunder,” “hereof,” “herein” 
or words of similar import shall mean and be a reference to the Purchase 
Agreement as amended by this Amendment, and each reference herein or in any 
other Loan Document to the “Purchase Agreement” shall mean and be a 
reference to the Purchase Agreement as amended and modified by this 
Amendment.
 

  	3 	 

 

  
6. 	Counterparts. This Amendment may be executed by one or more of the 
parties to this Amendment and any number of separate counterparts, each of 
which when so executed, shall be deemed an original and all said 
counterparts when taken together shall be deemed to constitute but one and 
the same instrument.
   
7. 	Successors and Assigns. This Amendment shall be binding upon and inure 
to the benefit of the Company and its successors and assigns and the 
Purchaser and its successors and assigns.	
   
8. 	Further Assurance. The Company hereby agrees from time to time, as and 
when requested by the Purchaser, to execute and deliver or cause to be 
executed and delivered, all such documents, instruments and agreements and 
to take or cause to be taken such further or other action as the Purchaser 
may reasonably deem necessary or desirable in order to carry out the intent 
and purposes of this Amendment, the Purchase Agreement, the Note, and the 
Loan Documents.
   
9. 	GOVERNING LAW. THIS AMENDMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY AND SHALL BE 
CONSTRUED AND ENFORCED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE INTERNAL LAWS OF THE 
COMMONWEALTH OF MASSACHUSETTS, WITHOUT REGARD TO CONFLICTS OF LAW 
PRINCIPLES.
   
10. 	Severability. Wherever possible, each provision of this Amendment 
shall be interpreted in such manner as to be effective and valid under 
applicable law, but if any provision of this Amendment shall be prohibited 
by or invalid under such law, such provision shall be ineffective to the 
extent of such prohibition or invalidity without invalidating the remainder 
of such provision or the remaining provisions of this Amendment.
   
[Remainder of Page Intentionally Left Blank; Signature Page Follows]
 

  	4 	 

 

 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, each of the undersigned has executed this Amendment as 
of the date set forth above.
 
  	DYNASIL CORPORATION OF AMERICA
  	  	 
  	By: 	/s/ Robert J. Bowdring
  	  	Chief Financial Officer
  	  	 
  	MASSACHUSETTS CAPITAL RESOURCE COMPANY
  	  	 
  	By: 	/s/ Suzanne L. Dwyer
  	  	Suzanne L. Dwyer, Managing Director
 
Each of the undersigned, hereby agrees to the foregoing changes and hereby 
confirms its Unconditional Guaranty, dated July 31, 2012 as amended, issued 
by the undersigned in favor of Massachusetts Capital Resource Company.
                 
  	DYNASIL BIOMEDICAL CORPORATION
  	  	 
  	By: 	/s/ Robert J. Bowdring
  	  	Treasurer
  	  	 
  	EVAPORATED METAL FILMS CORPORATION
  	  	 
  	By: 	/s/ Robert J. Bowdring
  	  	Treasurer
  	  	 
  	OPTOMETRICS CORPORATION
  	  	 
  	By: 	/s/ Robert J. Bowdring
  	  	Treasurer
  	  	 
  	RADIATION MONITORING DEVICES, INC.
  	  	 
  	By: 	/s/ Robert J. Bowdring
  	  	Treasurer
  	  	 
  	RMD INSTRUMENTS CORPORATION
  	  	 
  	By: 	/s/ Robert J. Bowdring
  	  	Treasurer
 
[Signature Page to the Amendment to Note Purchase Agreement]

 

 
 