 EX-10.9 2 tier-ex109firstamendmentto.htm EXHIBIT 10.9
Exhibit 10.9

FIRST AMENDMENT TO THE
TIER REIT, INC. 2015 EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN


WHEREAS, TIER REIT, Inc. (the “Company”) maintains the TIER REIT 2015 
Equity Incentive Plan (the “Plan”), which was previously adopted by the 
Board of Directors and the stockholders of the Company;

WHEREAS, Section 19 of the Plan provides that the Board of Directors of the 
Company may amend the Plan at any time, subject to certain conditions set 
forth therein; and

WHEREAS, the Board of Directors of the Company has determined that it is in 
the best interests of the Company that the Plan permit the Company to 
satisfy any applicable tax withholding obligation by withholding shares of 
common stock of the company with a fair market value which may exceed the 
minimum required tax withholding obligation, and that the Plan be so 
amended.

NOW, THEREFORE:

1.    Tax Withholding. Section 16 of the Plan is hereby amended by deleting 
subsection (b) thereof in its entirety and replacing it with the following:

(b)    Payment in Stock. Subject to approval by the Administrator, a 
grantee may elect to have the Company’s tax withholding obligation 
satisfied, in whole or in part, by authorizing the Company to withhold from 
shares of Stock to be issued pursuant to any Award a number of shares with 
an aggregate Fair Market Value (as of the date the withholding is effected) 
that would satisfy the withholding amount due; provided, however, that to 
the extent necessary to avoid adverse accounting treatment, such share 
withholding shall not exceed the minimum required tax withholding 
obligation. The Administrator may also require Awards to be subject to 
mandatory share withholding up to the required withholding amount. For 
purposes of share withholding, the Fair Market Value of withheld shares 
shall be determined in the same manner as the value of Stock includible in 
income of the grantee.

2.    Effective Date of Amendment. This Amendment to the Plan shall become 
effective upon the date that it is adopted by the Board of Directors of the 
Company.

3.    Other Provisions.  Except as set forth above, all other provisions of 
the Plan shall remain unchanged.


IN WITNESS WHEREOF, this Amendment to the Plan has been adopted by the 
Board of Directors of the Company this 23rd day of January, 2017.


1