 EX-10.1 2 exhibit1012017employeestoc.htm EXHIBIT 10.1 EMPLOYEE STOCK 
PURCHASE PLAN
Exhibit 10.1

BROOKS AUTOMATION, INC.
2017 EMPLOYEE STOCK PURCHASE PLAN

1.
Purpose

The Brooks Automation, Inc. 2017 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (the “Plan”) 
is intended to provide a method whereby eligible employees of Brooks 
Automation, Inc. (the “Company”) will have an opportunity to acquire a 
proprietary interest in the Company through the purchase of shares of the 
Company’s $.01 par value common stock (the “Common Stock”). It is the 
intention of the Company to have the Plan qualify as an “employee stock 
purchase plan” under Section 423 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as 
amended (the “Code”). The provisions of the Plan shall, accordingly, be 
construed so as to extend and limit participation in a manner consistent 
with the requirements of that Section of the Code.

2.
Eligible Employees

(a)All employees (within the meaning of Section 3401(c) of the Code) of the 
Company or any of its participating subsidiaries shall be eligible to 
receive options under this Plan to purchase the Company’s Common Stock. In 
no event may an employee be granted an option if such employee, immediately 
after the option is granted, owns stock possessing five (5%) percent or 
more of the total combined voting power or value of all classes of stock of 
the Company or of its parent corporation or subsidiary corporation as the 
terms “parent corporation” and “subsidiary corporation” are defined in 
Section 424(e) and (f) of the Code. For purposes of determining stock 
ownership under this paragraph, the rules of Section 424(d) of the Code 
shall apply and stock which the employee may purchase under outstanding 
options shall be treated as stock owned by the employee.

(b)For the purpose of this Plan, the term employee shall not include an 
employee whose customary employment is for not more than twenty (20) hours 
per week or is for not more than five (5) months in any calendar year.

(c)For purposes of this Plan, the employment relationship shall be treated 
as continuing intact while the individual is on sick leave or other leave 
of absence approved by the Company or a participating subsidiary. Where the 
period of leave exceeds three (3) months and the individual’s right to 
reemployment is not guaranteed either by statute or by contract, the 
employment relationship shall be deemed to have terminated on the first day 
immediately following such three (3) month period.

3.Stock Subject to the Plan

The stock subject to the options granted hereunder shall be shares of the 
Company’s authorized but unissued Common Stock or shares of Common Stock 
reacquired by the Company, including shares purchased in the open market. 
The aggregate number of shares which may be issued pursuant to the Plan is 
1,250,000, subject to increase or decrease by reason of stock split-ups, 
reclassifications, stock dividends, changes in par value and the like. If 
the number of shares of Common Stock reserved and available for any 
Offering Period (as defined herein) is insufficient to satisfy all purchase 
requirements for that Offering Period, the reserved and available shares 
for that Offering Period shall be apportioned among participating employees 
in proportion to their options.




------------------------------------------------------------------------
Exhibit 10.1

4.Offering Periods and Stock Options

(a)The time periods during which payroll deductions will be accumulated 
under the Plan shall consist of six month periods (“Offering Periods”), 
commencing on the first day of each Offering Period (“Offering Commencement 
Date”) and ending on the last day of the Offering Period (“Offering 
Termination Date”). The first Offering Period shall commence on August 1, 
2017 and end on January 1 31, 2018. Each Offering Period includes only 
regular pay days falling within it.

(b)On each Offering Commencement Date, the Company will grant to each 
eligible employee who is then a participant in the Plan an option to 
purchase on the Offering Termination Date at the Option Exercise Price, as 
provided in this paragraph (b), that number of full shares of Common Stock 
reserved for the purpose of the Plan as his or her accumulated payroll 
deductions on the Offering Termination Date (including any amount carried 
forward pursuant to Article 8 hereof) will pay for at the Option Exercise 
Price; provided that such employee remains eligible to participate in the 
Plan throughout such Offering Period. The Option Exercise Price for each 
Offering Period shall be the lesser of (i) eighty-five percent (85%) of the 
fair market value of the Common Stock on the Offering Commencement Date, or 
(ii) eighty-five percent (85%) of the fair market value of the Common Stock 
on the Offering Termination Date. In the event of an increase or decrease 
in the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock through stock 
split-ups, reclassifications, stock dividends, changes in par value and the 
like, an appropriate adjustment shall be made in the number of shares and 
Option Exercise Price per share provided for under the Plan, either by a 
proportionate increase in the number of shares and proportionate decrease 
in the Option Exercise Price per share, or by a proportionate decrease in 
the number of shares and a proportionate increase in the Option Exercise 
Price per share, as may be required to enable an eligible employee who is 
then a participant in the Plan to acquire on the Offering Termination Date 
that number of full shares of Common Stock as his or her accumulated 
payroll deductions on such date will pay for at the Option Exercise Price, 
as so adjusted.

(c)For purposes of this Plan, the term “fair market value” on any date 
means, if the Common Stock is listed on a national securities exchange or 
on any tier of the Nasdaq Market, the average of the high and low sales 
prices of the Common Stock on such date on such exchange or as reported on 
the Nasdaq Market or, if the Common Stock is traded in the over-the-counter 
securities market, but not on a national securities exchange or the Nasdaq 
Market, the average of the high and low bid quotations for the Common Stock 
on such date, each as published by such exchange or market. If no shares of 
Common Stock are traded on the Offering Commencement Date or Offering 
Termination Date, the fair market value will be determined by taking the 
average of the high and low sales prices of the Common Stock on the 
immediately preceding business day on which shares of Common Stock are 
traded.

(d)For purposes of this Plan the term “business day” as used herein means a 
day on which there is trading on the Nasdaq Market or on a national 
securities exchange on which the Common Stock is listed.

(e)No employee shall be granted an option which permits his or her rights 
to purchase Common Stock under the Plan and any similar plans of the 
Company or any parent or participating subsidiary corporations to accrue at 
a rate which exceeds $25,000 of fair market value of such stock (determined 
at the time such option is granted) for each calendar year in which such 
option is outstanding at any time. The purpose of the limitation in the 
preceding sentence is to comply with and shall be construed in accordance 
with Section 423(b)(8) of the Code.



------------------------------------------------------------------------
Exhibit 10.1

5.Exercise of Option

Each eligible employee who continues to be a participant in the Plan on the 
Offering Termination Date shall be deemed to have exercised his or her 
option on such date and shall be deemed to have purchased from the Company 
such number of full shares of Common Stock reserved for the purpose of the 
Plan as his or her accumulated payroll deductions on such date, plus any 
amount carried forward pursuant to Article 8 hereof, will pay for at the 
Option Exercise Price, but in no event may an employee purchase shares of 
Common Stock in excess of 2,000 shares of Common Stock on any Offering 
Termination Date. If a participant is not an employee on the Offering 
Termination Date and throughout an Offering Period, he or she shall not be 
entitled to exercise his or her option. All options issued under the Plan 
shall, unless exercised as set forth herein, expire at the end of the 
Offering Termination Date with respect to the Offering Period during which 
such options were issued.


6.
Authorization for Entering Plan

(a)An eligible employee may enter the Plan by filling out, signing and 
delivering to an authorized representative of the Human Resources 
Department of the Company an authorization (“Authorization”):

(i)stating the amount to be deducted regularly from his or her pay;

(ii)authorizing the purchase of stock for him or her in each Offering 
Period in accordance with the terms of the Plan; and

(iii)specifying the exact name in which Common Stock purchased for him or 
her is to be issued in accordance with Article 11 hereof.

Such Authorization must be received by an authorized representative of the 
Human Resources Department of the Company at least ten (10) business days 
before an Offering Commencement Date.


(b)The Company will accumulate and hold for the employee’s account the 
amounts deducted from his or her pay. No interest will be paid thereon. 
Participating employees may not make any separate cash payments into their 
account.

(c)Unless an employee files a new Authorization or withdraws from the Plan, 
his or her deductions and purchases under the Authorization he or she has 
on file under the Plan will continue as long as the Plan remains in effect. 
An employee may increase or decrease the amount of his or her payroll 
deductions as of the next Offering Commencement Date by filling out, 
signing and delivering to an authorized representative of the Human 
Resources Department of the Company a new Authorization. Such new 
Authorization must be received by an authorized representative of the Human 
Resources Department of the Company at least ten (10) business days before 
the date of such next Offering Commencement Date.

7.Allowable Payroll Deductions

An employee may authorize payroll deductions in any whole percentage amount 
up to but not more than ten percent (10%) of his or her base pay; provided, 
however, that the minimum deduction in respect of any payroll period shall 
be one percent (1%) of his or her base pay but in no event less than ten 
dollars ($10); and provided further that the maximum percentage shall be 
reduced to meet the




------------------------------------------------------------------------
Exhibit 10.1

requirements of Section 4(e) hereof. Base pay means regular straight-time 
earnings, excluding payments for overtime, commissions, bonuses, and other 
special payments. During unpaid leaves of absence approved by the Company 
meeting the requirements of Sections 421 and 423 of the Code, a participant 
may continue participation in the Plan by making cash payments to the 
Company on the participant’s normal payday equal to the participant’s 
authorized payroll deduction.


8.
Unused Payroll Deductions

Only full shares of Common Stock may be purchased. Any balance remaining in 
an employee’s account after a purchase will be carried forward to the next 
Offering Period. However, in no event will the amount of the unused payroll 
deductions carried forward from a payroll period exceed the Option Exercise 
Price per share for the immediately preceding Offering Period. If for any 
Offering Period the amount of unused payroll deductions should exceed the 
Option Exercise Price per share, the amount of the excess for any 
participant shall be refunded to such participant, without interest.


9.
Change in Payroll Deductions

Deductions may not be increased or decreased during an Offering Period.


10.
Withdrawal from the Plan

(a)An employee may withdraw from the Plan and withdraw all but not less 
than all of the payroll deductions credited to his or her account under the 
Plan by delivering a written notice to an authorized representative of the 
Human Resources department of the Company (“Withdrawal Notice”) no later 
than the Offering Termination Date (subject to such administrative 
procedures as the Company may reasonably impose), in which event the 
Company will promptly refund without interest the entire balance of such 
employee’s deductions not theretofore used to purchase Common Stock under 
the Plan.

(b)If an employee withdraws from the Plan, the employee’s rights under the 
Plan will be terminated and no further payroll deductions will be made. To 
reenter, such an employee must file a new Authorization at least ten (10) 
business days before the next Offering Commencement Date. Such 
Authorization will become effective for the Offering Period that commences 
on such Offering Commencement Date.

11.Issuance of Stock

As soon as reasonably practicable after each Offering Period, the Company 
will arrange for the delivery to each participant the shares of Common 
Stock purchased upon exercise of the participant’s option in either 
certificated or non-certificated (book entry) form. The Committee (as 
defined in Section 19(a) below) may permit or require that the shares be 
deposited directly into a share account established in the name of the 
participant with a stock broker or other financial services firm designated 
by the Company (“Designated Broker”) and may require that the share of 
Common Stock be retained with such Designated Broker for a specified period 
of time.


12.
No Transfer or Assignment of Employee’s Rights

An employee’s rights under the Plan are his or hers alone and may not be 
transferred or assigned to, or availed of by, any other person. Any option 
granted to an employee may be exercised only by him or her, except as 
provided in Article 14 in the event of an employee’s death.




------------------------------------------------------------------------
Exhibit 10.1




13.
Termination of Employee’s Rights

(a)An employee’s rights under the Plan will terminate when he or she ceases 
to be an eligible employee because of retirement, resignation, lay-off, 
discharge, death, change of status, failure to remain in the customary 
employ of the Company for more than twenty (20) hours per week, or for any 
other reason. A Withdrawal Notice will be considered as having been 
received from the employee on the day his or her employment ceases, and all 
payroll deductions not used to purchase Common Stock will be refunded.

(b)If an employee’s payroll deductions are interrupted by any legal 
process, a Withdrawal Notice will be considered as having been received 
from him or her on the day the interruption occurs.

14.Death of Participant

In the event of the death of a participating employee, the Company shall 
deliver any shares of Common Stock and/or cash in the employee’s account to 
the executor or administrator of the estate of the employee, or if, to the 
knowledge of the Company, no such executor or administrator has been 
appointed, the Company, in the discretion of the Committee, may deliver 
such Common Stock and/or cash to the spouse or to any one or more 
dependents of the employee as the Committee may designate.


15.
Termination, Amendments and Other Changes to the Plan

(a)The Plan may be terminated at any time by the Company’s Board of 
Directors, effective on the next following Offering Termination Date. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, it will terminate when all of the shares of 
Common Stock reserved for the purposes of the Plan have been purchased. 
Upon such termination or any other termination of the Plan, all payroll 
deductions not used to purchase Common Stock will be refunded without 
interest.

(b)The Board of Directors reserves the right to amend the Plan from time to 
time in any respect; provided, however, that no amendment shall be 
effective without stockholder approval if the amendment would (a) except as 
provided in Articles 3, 4, 24 and 25, increase the aggregate number of 
shares of Common Stock to be offered under the Plan, or (b) change the 
corporations or class of corporations whose employees are eligible to 
receive options under the Plan.

(c)Without stockholder approval and without regard to whether any 
participant rights may be considered to have been adversely affected, to 
the extent permitted by Section 423 of the Code, the Committee shall be 
entitled to: change the Offering Periods; establish the exchange ratio 
applicable to amounts withheld in a currency other than U.S. dollars; 
permit payroll withholding in excess of the amount designed by a 
participant in order to adjust for delays or mistakes in the Company’s 
processing of payroll withholding elections; establish reasonable waiting 
and adjustment periods and/or accounting and crediting procedures to ensure 
that amounts applied toward the purchase of Common Stock for each 
participant properly correspond with amounts withheld from the 
participant’s base pay; adopt Offering Periods or sub-plans applicable to 
particular participating subsidiaries of the Company or locations, which 
sub-plans may be designed to be outside the scope of Section 423 of the 
Code; and establish such other limitations or procedures as the Committee 
determines in its sole discretion to be advisable that are consistent with 
the Plan.



------------------------------------------------------------------------
Exhibit 10.1

16.Limitations of Sale of Stock Purchased Under the Plan

Employees who are subject to Section 16 of the Securities Exchange Act of 
1934, as amended, may sell Common Stock purchased under the Plan at any 
time provided that such sale qualifies for an exemption from Section 16(b) 
under Rule 16b-3, or otherwise does not give rise to Section 16(b) 
liability. Notwithstanding the foregoing, because of certain Federal tax 
requirements, all employees will agree by entering the Plan, promptly to 
give the Company notice of any such Common Stock disposed of within two 
years after the Offering Commencement Date on which the related option was 
granted showing the number of such shares disposed of. The employee assumes 
the risk of any market fluctuations in the price of such Common Stock.


17.
Company’s Payment of Expenses Related to Plan

The Company will bear all costs of administering and carrying out the Plan.


18.
Participating Subsidiaries

The term “participating subsidiaries” shall mean any subsidiary of the 
Company (within the meaning of Section 424(f) of the Code) which is 
designated by the Committee (as defined in Article 19) to participate in 
the Plan. The Committee shall have the power to make such designation 
before or after the Plan is approved by the stockholders.


19.
Administration of the Plan

(a)The Plan shall be administered by the Human Resources and Compensation 
Committee of the Company’s Board of Directors or such other committee 
designated by the Company’s Board of directors (the “Committee”).

(b)The Committee shall have full discretionary authority and control over 
the operation and administration of the Plan, including the right to: 
construe and interpret the Plan and any agreement entered into under the 
Plan; remedy any ambiguity or inconsistency, and supply any omission; 
establish, amend or waive rules and regulations for the Plan’s 
administration; and, subject to applicable law and Section 423 of the Code, 
delegate any of its powers or duties to a subcommittee or one or more 
officers or employees. All decisions of the Committee shall be final and 
binding upon all persons.

(c)With respect to persons subject to Section 16 of the Securities and 
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, transactions under the Plan are intended 
to comply with all applicable conditions of Rule 16b-3 or its successors 
under said Act. To the extent any provision of the Plan or action by the 
Committee fails to so comply, it shall be deemed null and void, to the 
extent permitted by law and deemed advisable by that Committee.

(d)Annually, the Committee shall prepare and distribute to each 
participating employee in the Plan a report containing the amount of the 
participating employee’s accumulated payroll deductions as of the Offering 
Termination Date, the Option Exercise Price for such Offering Period, and 
the number of shares of Common Stock purchased by the participating 
employee with the participating employee’s accumulated payroll deductions.

(e)No member of the Board of Directors or the Committee shall be liable for 
any action or determination made in good faith with respect to the Plan or 
any option granted under it. The Company


------------------------------------------------------------------------
Exhibit 10.1

shall indemnify each member of the Board of Directors and the Committee to 
the fullest extent permitted by law with respect to any claim, loss, damage 
or expense (including counsel fees) arising in connection with their 
responsibilities under this Plan.

(f)In lieu of written/paper instruments or communications (including the 
Authorization), the Company may use or require participants to use 
electronic or paperless forms of instruments or communication, including an 
automated or web-based system operated by a third-party vendor.

20.Optionees Not Stockholders

Neither the granting of an option to an employee nor the deductions from 
his or her pay shall constitute such employee a stockholder of the Company 
with respect to the shares covered by such option until such shares have 
been purchased by and issued to him or her.


21.
Application of Funds

The proceeds received by the Company from the sale of Common Stock pursuant 
to options granted under the Plan may be used for any corporate purposes, 
and the Company shall not be obligated to segregate participating 
employees’ payroll deductions.


22.
Governmental Regulation

(a)The Company’s obligation to sell and deliver shares of the Company’s 
Common Stock under this Plan is subject to the approval of any governmental 
authority required in connection with the authorization, issuance or sale 
of such stock.

(b)In this regard, the Board of Directors may, in its discretion, require 
as a condition to the exercise of any option that a Registration Statement 
under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, with respect to the shares of 
Common Stock reserved for issuance upon exercise of the option shall be 
effective.

23.Transferability

Neither payroll deductions credited to an employee’s account nor any rights 
with regard to the exercise of an option or to receive stock under the Plan 
may be assigned, transferred, pledged, or otherwise disposed of in any way 
by the employee. Any such attempted assignment, transfer, pledge, or other 
disposition shall be without effect, except that the Company may treat such 
act as an election to withdraw funds in accordance with Article 10.


24.
Effect of Changes of Common Stock

If the Company should subdivide or reclassify the Common Stock which has 
been or may be optioned under the Plan, or should declare thereon any 
dividend payable in shares of such Common Stock, or should take any other 
action of a similar nature affecting such Common Stock, then the number and 
class of shares of Common Stock which may thereafter be optioned (in the 
aggregate and to any individual participating employee) shall be adjusted 
accordingly.




------------------------------------------------------------------------
Exhibit 10.1

25.
Merger or Consolidation

If the Company should at any time merge into or consolidate with another 
corporation, the Board of Directors may, at its election, either (i) 
terminate the Plan and refund without interest the entire balance of each 
participating employee’s payroll deductions, or (ii) entitle each 
participating employee to receive on the Offering Termination Date upon the 
exercise of such option for each share of Common Stock as to which such 
option shall be exercised the securities or property to which a holder of 
one share of the Common Stock was entitled upon and at the time of such 
merger or consolidation, and the Board of Directors shall take such steps 
in connection with such merger or consolidation as the Board of Directors 
shall deem necessary to assure that the provisions of this Article 25 shall 
thereafter be applicable, as nearly as reasonably possible. A sale of all 
or substantially all of the assets of the Company shall be deemed a merger 
or consolidation for the foregoing purposes.


26.
Withholding of Additional Federal Income Tax

The Company will undertake such withholding in connection with the Plan as 
it determines is appropriate, in its sole discretion.


27.
Equal Treatment

Notwithstanding any provision herein to the contrary, all Participants 
participating in any Offering Period shall have equal rights and privileges 
except as provided in Section 423(b)(5) of the Code.


28.
Approval of Stockholders

The Plan shall not take effect until approved by the holders of a majority 
of the outstanding shares of Common Stock of the Company, which approval 
must occur no later than the end of the first Offering Period after the 
date the Plan is adopted by the Board of Directors. Options may be granted 
under the Plan prior and subject to such stockholder approval. If the Plan 
is not so approved by the stockholders, all payroll deductions from 
participating employees shall be returned without interest and all options 
so granted shall terminate.


Date of Approval by the Board of Directors or Human Resources and 
Compensation Committee: November 9, 2016.


Date of Approval by the Stockholders: February 8, 2017.




