 EX-10.7 12 filename12.htm
Exhibit 10.7
 
FinTech Acquisition Corp. II
2929 Arch Street, Suite 1703
Philadelphia, PA 19104-2870
Attention: James McEntee
 
FinTech Investor Holdings II, LLC (“Lender”) hereby agrees to make to 
FinTech Acquisition Corp. II (“Borrower”), one or more loans for the 
purposes described in paragraph 2 hereof, in amounts and upon the terms and 
conditions set forth below:
 
1.	AMOUNT
 
Lender shall make one or more loans (hereafter sometimes referred to 
collectively as the “Loans” and each individually as a “Loan,”) to Borrower 
in the maximum aggregate amount for all Loans of $750,000, subject to the 
terms and conditions contained herein.
 
For each Loan requested by Borrower, Borrower shall submit a written notice 
stating the amount of the Loan being requested, disbursement instructions, 
and the required disbursement date. Unless waived by Lender, such notice 
shall be delivered to Lender by Borrower not less than five (5) business 
days prior to the requested disbursement date. For these purposes, a 
“business day” is any day that is not a Saturday or Sunday, or a day on 
which commercial banks in New York, New York are authorized or required by 
law to remain closed. Each Loan shall be evidenced by a Promissory Note 
from Borrower to Lender in the form annexed hereto as Exhibit A (each, a “
Promissory Note”).
 
2.	PURPOSES
 
The proceeds of the Loans shall only be requested, and shall only be used, 
to fund the Borrower’s working capital requirements and expenses relating 
to the identification and acquisition of one or more businesses, or if no 
such acquisition is completed, expenses in connection with the liquidation 
of Borrower.
 
3.	PAYMENT TERMS
 
The entire aggregate principal balance of the Loans, and all of the 
Promissory Notes evidencing the Loans, shall be due and payable in full on 
the date upon which the Borrower completes an acquisition or other business 
combination with one or more businesses, as more particularly set forth in 
the prospectus dated [______], 201[__] of the Borrower, in the section 
captioned “Management’s Discussion and Analysis—Liquidity and Capital 
Resources”.
 
4.	INTEREST RATE
 
The Loans shall bear no interest.
 

 

 

 
5.	SECURITY FOR LOANS
 
The Loans shall be unsecured.
 
6.	CONVERSION; DEFAULT; REMEDIES
 
(i) 	The Loans may be converted into warrants to purchase common stock of 
the Borrower upon the terms and conditions set forth in the form of 
Promissory Note annexed hereto as Exhibit A and incorporated herein by this 
reference.
 
(ii) 	The events of default and remedies with respect to the Loans are set 
forth in the form of Promissory Note annexed hereto as Exhibit A and 
incorporated herein by this reference.
 
7. 	LOAN FEES
 
Borrower shall not pay Lender any loan, commitment or other, similar, fees 
in connection with the Loans.
 
8.	MISCELLANEOUS
 
	A.	Assignment
 
This Commitment Letter, each Promissory Note, and the Loans, or any portion 
thereof, may be assigned by Lender; provided, however, that Lender shall 
remain obligated to provide Borrower with the Loans. Borrower shall not 
transfer or assign (by operation of law or otherwise) this Commitment 
Letter without Lender’s prior written consent which shall be in the sole 
and absolute discretion of Lender. If Borrower, in any event, transfers or 
assigns (by operation of law or otherwise) this Commitment Letter without 
Lender’s prior written consent, this Commitment Letter shall automatically 
terminate and Lender shall have no further obligation hereunder.
 
	B.	Expenses
 
All out-of-pocket expenses incurred by Lender in connection with this 
Commitment Letter and the Loans, including any legal fees and expenses 
incurred by Lender in connection with Lender enforcing its rights 
hereunder, shall be payable by Borrower, on demand, whether or not any 
Loans are made pursuant hereto. This obligation shall survive the 
termination of this Commitment Letter. In the event of any litigation 
arising hereunder based on a contract claim arising hereunder, the 
prevailing party shall recover its attorneys’ fees and expenses from the 
unsuccessful party.
 

 

 

 
	C.	Entire Agreement
 
No change or modification of this Commitment Letter shall be valid unless 
the same is in writing and signed by the parties hereto. This Commitment 
Letter contains the entire agreement between the parties hereto and there 
are no promises, agreements, conditions, undertakings, warranties and 
representations, either written or oral, expressed or implied between the 
parties hereto other than as herein set forth.
 
Dated: [______], 201[__]
 
  	Very truly yours,
  	  	 
  	FINTECH INVESTOR HOLDINGS II, LLC
  	  	 
  	By: 	
  	Name: 	Daniel G. Cohen
  	Title: 	Manager
 
The undersigned hereby accepts and approves this Commitment Letter.
 
  	FINTECH ACQUISITION CORP.  II
  	  	 
  	By: 	
  	Name: 	James J. McEntee, III
  	Title: 	President and Chief Financial Officer
 

 

 

 
Exhibit A
 
Form of Promissory Note
 

THIS NOTE HAS NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS 
AMENDED (THE "SECURITIES ACT"). THIS NOTE HAS BEEN ACQUIRED FOR INVESTMENT 
ONLY AND MAY NOT BE SOLD, TRANSFERRED OR ASSIGNED IN THE ABSENCE OF 
REGISTRATION OF THE RESALE THEREOF UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR AN OPINION 
OF COUNSEL REASONABLY SATISFACTORY IN FORM, SCOPE AND SUBSTANCE TO THE 
MAKER THAT SUCH REGISTRATION IS NOT REQUIRED.
 
PROMISSORY NOTE
 
$[_________]	Issue Date: [DATE]
No. A-[_____]	New York, New York
 
FinTech Acquisition Corp. II (the "Maker") promises to pay to the order of 
FinTech Investor Holdings II, LLC (the "Payee") the principal sum of 
[_________] ($[_______]) in lawful money of the United States of America, 
on the terms and conditions described below.
 
1. Principal. The principal balance of this Note shall be repayable on the 
date (the “Maturity Date”) on which Maker consummates a merger, capital 
stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization or 
similar business combination with one or more businesses (the “Initial 
Business Combination”). No amount shall be due under this Note if such 
Initial Business Combination is not consummated on or before the 24 month 
anniversary of the date of the completion of the Maker’s initial public 
offering (“IPO”).
 
2. Interest. This Note shall bear no interest.
 
3. Application of Payments. All payments shall be applied first to payment 
in full of any costs incurred in the collection of any sum due under this 
Note, including (without limitation) reasonable attorneys' fees, then to 
the payment in full of any late charges and finally to the reduction of the 
unpaid principal balance of this Note.
 
4. Conversion. At the Maturity Date, by providing written notice to Maker, 
Payee may elect to convert any portion or all of the amount outstanding 
under this Note into warrants to purchase shares of common stock of the 
entity surviving or resulting from the Initial Business at a conversion 
price of $0.75 per one half of one warrant. The terms and conditions of 
such warrants shall be as described in the registration statement and 
prospectus filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission in connection 
with the IPO (together, the “Registration Statement”).
 
5. Events of Default. The following shall constitute Events of Default:
 
(a) Failure to Make Required Payments. Failure by Maker to pay the 
principal of, or other payments on, this Note within five (5) business days 
following the date when due.
 
6. Remedies.
 
(a) Upon the occurrence of an Event of Default specified in Section 5(a), 
Payee may, by written notice to Maker, declare this Note to be due and 
payable, whereupon the principal amount of this Note, and all other amounts 
payable under this Note, shall become immediately due and payable without 
presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind, all of which are 
hereby expressly waived, anything contained herein or in the documents 
evidencing the same to the contrary notwithstanding.
 

 

 

 
7. Waivers. Maker and all endorsers and guarantors of, and sureties for, 
this Note waive presentment for payment, demand, notice of dishonor, 
protest, and notice of protest with regard to this Note, all errors, 
defects and imperfections in any proceedings instituted by Payee under the 
terms of this Note, and all benefits that might accrue to Maker by virtue 
of any present or future laws exempting any property, real or personal, or 
any part of the proceeds arising from any sale of any such property, from 
attachment, levy or sale under execution, or providing for any stay of 
execution, exemption from civil process, or extension of time for payment; 
and Maker agrees that any real estate that may be levied upon pursuant to a 
judgment obtained by virtue hereof, on any writ of execution issued hereon, 
may be sold upon any such writ in whole or in part in any order desired by 
Payee.
 
8. Unconditional Liability. Maker hereby waives all notices in connection 
with the delivery, acceptance, performance, default, or enforcement of the 
payment of this Note, and agrees that its liability shall be unconditional, 
without regard to the liability of any other party, and shall not be 
affected in any manner by any indulgence, extension of time, renewal, 
waiver or modification granted or consented to by Payee, and consents to 
any and all extensions of time, renewals, waivers, or modifications that 
may be granted by Payee with respect to the payment or other provisions of 
this Note, and agrees that additional makers, endorsers, guarantors, or 
sureties may become parties hereto without notice to them or affecting 
their liability hereunder.
 
9. Notices. Any notice called for hereunder shall be deemed properly given 
if (i) sent by certified mail, return receipt requested, (ii) personally 
delivered, (iii) dispatched by any form of private or governmental express 
mail or delivery service providing receipted delivery, (iv) sent by 
facsimile or (v) sent by e-mail, to the following addresses or to such 
other address as either party may designate by notice in accordance with 
this Section:
 
If to Maker:
 
FinTech Acquisition Corp. II
2929 Arch Street, Suite 1703
Philadelphia, PA 19104-2870
Attention: James McEntee
Email: jmcentee@fintechacquisition.com
 
If to Payee:
 
FinTech Investor Holdings II, LLC
712 Fifth Avenue
8th Floor
New York, New York 10019
Attention: Daniel Cohen
 
Notice shall be deemed given on the earlier of (i) actual receipt by the 
receiving party, (ii) the date shown on a telefacsimile transmission 
confirmation, (iii) the date on which an e-mail transmission was received 
by the receiving party's on-line access provider, (iv) the date reflected 
on a signed delivery receipt, or (vi) two (2) business days following 
tender of delivery or dispatch by express mail or delivery service.
 
10. Construction. THIS NOTE SHALL BE CONSTRUED AND ENFORCED IN ACCORDANCE 
WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK, WITHOUT REGARD TO CONFLICT OF LAW 
PROVISIONS THEREOF.
 
11. Severability. Any provision contained in this Note which is prohibited 
or unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall, as to such jurisdiction, be 
ineffective to the extent of such prohibition or unenforceability without 
invalidating the remaining provisions hereof, and any such prohibition or 
unenforceability in any jurisdiction shall not invalidate or render 
unenforceable such provision in any other jurisdiction.
 

 

 

 
12. Trust Waiver. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the 
Payee hereby waives any and all right, title, interest or claim of any kind 
("Claim") in or to any distribution of the trust account (other than 
interest income earned on such trust account) in which the proceeds of 
Maker’s IPO and the proceeds of the sale of the securities issued in a 
private placement to be consummated concurrently with the completion of the 
Initial Business Combination of the Maker, as described in greater detail 
in the Registration Statement, and hereby agrees not to seek recourse, 
reimbursement, payment or satisfaction for any Claim against the trust 
account (other than interest income earned on such trust account) for any 
reason whatsoever.
 
13. Amendment; Waiver. Any amendment hereto or waiver of any provision 
hereof may be made with, and only with, the written consent of the Maker 
and the Payee.
 
14. Assignment. No assignment or transfer of this Note or any rights or 
obligations hereunder may be made by any party hereto (by operation of law 
or otherwise) without the prior written consent of the other party hereto 
and any attempted assignment without the required consent shall be void.
 
 
 
 
 
[Signature Page Follows]
 

 

 

 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Maker, intending to be legally bound hereby, has caused 
this Note to be duly executed the day and year first above written.
 
  	FINTECH ACQUISITION CORP. II
  	  	 
  	By: 	             
  	Name: 	 
  	Title: 	 
 
 
 
 
 