 EX-10.1 2 ex10-1.htm
 
LOAN AGREEMENT
 
THIS LOAN AGREEMENT (this “Agreement”), is made as of the 7th day of 
February, 2017, by and between KRIEGER ENTERPRISES, LLC (the “Borrower”), 
and ASPIRITY FINANCIAL, LLC (the “Lender”).
 
W I T N E S S E T H :
 
WHEREAS, the Borrower has requested the Lender to extend a loan in the 
original principal amount of One Million and 00/100 Dollars ($1,000,000.00) 
to provide working capital for Borrower; and
 
WHEREAS, the Lender is willing and prepared to extend such a loan to the 
Borrower upon the terms and subject to the conditions hereinafter set 
forth.
 
NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing premises and the mutual 
covenants herein contained and for other good and valuable consideration, 
the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties 
hereto hereby agree as follows:
 
1. 	LOAN. On the date hereof, the Lender has made a loan to the Borrower in 
the original principal amount of One Million and 00/100 Dollars 
($1,000,000.00) (the “Loan”).
 
2. 	NOTE. The obligation of the Borrower to repay the Loan is evidenced by 
that certain Promissory Note of even date herewith executed by the Borrower 
in the original principal amount of One Million and 00/100 Dollars 
($1,000,000.00) and payable to the order of the Lender (the “Note”).
 
3. 	GUARANTY. As a condition precedent to the making by the Lender of the 
Loan, Timothy S. Krieger, an individual (the “Guarantor”), has executed and 
delivered to the Lender that certain Personal Guaranty of even date 
herewith (the “Guaranty”), pursuant to which the Guarantor has absolutely 
and unconditionally guaranteed to the Lender the obligations of the 
Borrower, as more fully described in the Guaranty.
 
4. 	OTHER CONDITIONS PRECEDENT. Also as a condition precedent to the making 
by the Lender of the Loan, the Lender shall have received all of the 
following, each in form and substance satisfactory to the Lender:
 
A. 	Copies of: (i) the resolutions of the Borrower’s board of governors or 
members authorizing the execution, delivery and performance of the this 
Agreement and the Note (collectively, the “Borrower Documents”), (ii) the 
Articles of Organization, Operating Agreement and Member Control Agreement, 
if any, of the Borrower, and (iii) the signatures of the Borrower’s 
managers authorized to execute and deliver the Borrower Documents and other 
instruments, agreements and certificates on the Borrower’s behalf.
 
B. 	A current Certificate of Good Standing issued by the Secretary of State 
of the State of Minnesota with respect to the Borrower.
 
  	  	 

  	  	 
 
C. 	Payment of all amounts due from Borrower to Lender and delivery of all 
financial statements due from Borrower to Lender as of the date hereof 
pursuant to Amendment No. 3 to the Term Loan Agreement.
 
D. 	Delivery to the Lender of the personal financial statements of the 
Guarantor, dated no earlier than three months prior to the date hereof.
 
E. 	Such other documents as the Lender may require in connection with the 
Loan.
 
5. 	REPRESENTATIONS. In order to induce the Lender to make the Loan, the 
Borrower hereby warrants and represents to the Lender as follows:
 
A. 	Borrower Existence and Power. The Borrower is a limited liability 
company duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the 
laws of the State of Minnesota, and has all requisite power and authority 
to carry on its business as now conducted and as presently proposed to be 
conducted.
 
B. 	Authority of Borrower. The Borrower has full power and authority to 
execute and deliver the Borrower Documents and to incur and perform its 
obligations hereunder and thereunder; the execution, delivery and 
performance by the Borrower of the Borrower Documents will not violate any 
provision of the organizational documents of the Borrower or of any law, 
rule, regulation or court order or result in the breach of, constitute a 
default under, or create or give rise to any lien under, any indenture or 
other agreement or instrument to which the Borrower is a party or by which 
the Borrower or its property may be bound or affected.
 
C. 	Enforceability Against the Borrower. Each of the Borrower Documents 
constitutes the legal, valid and binding obligation of the Borrower 
enforceable in accordance with its terms (subject, as to enforceability, to 
limitations resulting from bankruptcy, insolvency and other similar laws 
affecting creditors’ rights generally).
 
D. 	Financial Condition. The financial statements of the Borrower and the 
Guarantor heretofore furnished to the Lender are complete and correct in 
all material respects and fairly present the respective financial condition 
of the Borrower and the Guarantor at the dates of such statements. Since 
the most recent set of financial statements delivered by the Borrower and 
the Guarantor to the Lender, there have been no material adverse changes in 
the financial condition of the Borrower or the Guarantor.
 
E. 	Litigation. There is no action, suit or proceeding pending or, to the 
knowledge of the Borrower, threatened against or affecting the Borrower, 
the Guarantor, the Project or any other properties or assets of the 
Borrower or the Guarantor which, if adversely determined, would have a 
material adverse effect on the condition (financial or otherwise), of the 
business, properties or assets of the Borrower or the Guarantor or which 
would question the validity of the Borrower Documents, the Guaranty, or any 
instrument, document or other agreement related hereto or required hereby 
(collectively, the “Loan Documents”), or impair the ability of the Borrower 
or the Guarantor to perform its or his respective obligations under the 
foregoing agreements.
 
  	- 2 - 	 

  	  	 
 
F. 	Licenses. The Borrower possesses adequate licenses, permits, 
franchises, patents, copyrights, trademarks and trade names, or rights 
thereto, to conduct its business substantially as now conducted and as 
presently proposed to be conducted.
 
G. 	Default. Neither the Borrower nor the Guarantor is in default of a 
material provision under any agreement, instrument, decree or order to 
which it or he is a party or by which it or he or its or his property is 
bound or affected.
 
H. 	Consents. No consent, approval, order or authorization of, or 
registration, declaration or filing with, or notice to, any governmental 
authority or any third party is required in connection with the execution 
and delivery of the Loan Documents or any of the agreements or instruments 
herein mentioned relating to the Loan to which the Borrower or the 
Guarantor is a party or the carrying out or performance of any of the 
transactions required or contemplated hereby or thereby or, if required, 
such consent, approval, order or authorization has been obtained or such 
registration, declaration or filing has been accomplished or such notice 
has been given prior to the date hereof.
 
I. 	Taxes. The Borrower and the Guarantor have filed all tax returns 
required to be filed and either paid all taxes shown thereon to be due, 
including interest and penalties, which are not being contested in good 
faith and by appropriate proceedings, or provided adequate reserves for 
payment thereof, and the Borrower has no information or knowledge of any 
objections to or claims for additional taxes in respect of federal income 
or excess profits tax returns for prior years.
 
J. 	Judgments. There are no judgments outstanding or docketed against the 
Borrower or the Guarantor.
 
6. 	[INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK].
 
7. 	EVENTS OF DEFAULT. As used herein, the term “Event of Default” shall 
mean and include each or all of the following events:
 
A. 	the Borrower or the Guarantor shall fail to pay when due any amounts 
required to be paid by the Borrower under the Note or any other 
indebtedness of the Borrower or the Guarantor to the Lender or any third 
party (including but not limited to that certain Term Loan Agreement dated 
July 1, 2015, as amended between Borrower and Lender), whether any such 
indebtedness is now existing or hereafter arises and whether direct or 
indirect, due or to become due, absolute or contingent, primary or 
secondary or joint or joint and several;
 
B. 	the Borrower or the Guarantor shall fail to observe or perform any of 
the other covenants, conditions or agreements to be observed or performed 
by it or him under the Loan Documents or any credit or similar agreement 
between the Borrower or the Guarantor and the Lender (including but not 
limited to that certain Term Loan Agreement dated July 1, 2015, as amended 
between Borrower and Lender) for a period of five (5) days after written 
notice, specifying such default and requesting that it be remedied, given 
to such party by the Lender;
 
  	- 3 - 	 

  	  	 
 
C. 	if the Borrower or the Guarantor files a voluntary petition in 
bankruptcy or is adjudicated a bankrupt or insolvent, or files any petition 
or answer seeking any reorganization, arrangement, composition, 
readjustment, liquidation, dissolution or similar relief under the present 
or any future federal bankruptcy act or any other present or future 
applicable federal, state or other statute or law, makes an assignment for 
the benefit of creditors, or seeks or consents to or acquiesces in the 
appointment of any trustee, receiver or liquidator of the Borrower or the 
Guarantor of all or any substantial part of its or his properties or of the 
Project;
 
D. 	if within sixty (60) days after the commencement of any proceeding 
against the Borrower or the Guarantor seeking any reorganization, 
arrangement, readjustment, liquidation, dissolution or similar relief under 
the present or any future federal bankruptcy act or any other present or 
future applicable federal, state or other statute or law, such proceeding 
is not dismissed, or if, within sixty (60) days after the appointment, 
without the consent or acquiescence of the Borrower or the Guarantor of any 
trustee, receiver or liquidator of the Borrower or the Guarantor of all or 
any substantial part of its or his properties or of the Project, such 
appointment is not vacated or stayed on appeal or otherwise, or if, within 
sixty (60) days after the expiration of any such stay, such appointment is 
not vacated;
 
E. 	the Borrower or the Guarantor shall be or become insolvent (whether in 
the equity or bankruptcy sense);
 
F. 	the Guarantor shall die;
 
G. 	any representation or warranty made by the Borrower or the Guarantor in 
the Loan Documents shall prove to be untrue or misleading in any material 
respect, or any statement, certificate or report furnished hereunder or 
under any of the foregoing documents by or on behalf of the Borrower or the 
Guarantor shall prove to be untrue or misleading in any material respect on 
the date when the facts set forth and recited therein are stated or 
certified;
 
H. 	any material adverse change shall occur in the condition (financial or 
otherwise) of the Borrower or the Guarantor which, in the reasonable 
opinion of the Lender, increases its risk with respect to the Note, or the 
Lender otherwise reasonably and in good faith deems itself insecure;
 
I. 	final judgment(s) for the payment of money, individually or in the 
aggregate, shall be rendered against the Borrower or the Guarantor in 
excess of $50,000 individually or in the aggregate and shall remain 
undischarged for a period of thirty (30) days during which execution shall 
not be effectively stayed; or
 
  	- 4 - 	 

  	  	 
 
J. 	any state or federal tax lien shall be filed against or with respect to 
the Borrower or the Guarantor and not satisfied within fifteen (15) days of 
such filing.
 
    Upon the occurrence of an Event of Default, the Lender may, at its
    option, exercise any and all of the following rights and remedies (in
    addition to any other rights and remedies available to it):
     
a) 	the Lender may, without notice, declare immediately due and payable all 
unpaid principal of and accrued interest on the Note, together with all 
other sums payable hereunder or under the Note, and the Note shall 
thereupon be immediately due and payable without presentment or other 
demand, protest, notice of dishonor or any other notice of any kind, all of 
which are hereby expressly waived;
 
b) 	the Lender may exercise all of its rights or remedies under the Loan 
Documents and applicable law; or
 
c) 	the Lender shall have the right, in addition to any other rights 
provided by law, to enforce its rights and remedies under the Loan 
Documents.
 
8. 	NOTICES. All notices, consents, requests, demands and other 
communications hereunder shall be given to or made upon the respective 
parties hereto at their respective addresses specified below or, as to any 
party, at such other address as may be designated by it in a written notice 
to the other party. All notices, requests, consents and demands hereunder 
shall be effective when personally delivered or duly deposited in the 
United States mails, certified or registered, postage prepaid, addressed as 
aforesaid.
 
        IF TO THE LENDER:
         
        Aspirity Financial, LLC
        701 Xenia Avenue South, Suite 475
        Minneapolis, MN 55416
        Attention: Scott C. Lutz and Wiley H. Sharp III
         
        IF TO THE BORROWER:
         
        Krieger Enterprises, LLC
        16233 Kenyon Avenue, Suite 210
        Lakeville, MN 55044
        Attention: Timothy S. Krieger
         
9. 	MISCELLANEOUS.
 
A. 	Waivers, etc. No failure on the part of the Lender to exercise, and no 
delay in exercising, any right or remedy hereunder or under applicable law 
or any document or agreement related hereto shall operate as a waiver 
thereof; nor shall any single or partial exercise of any such right or 
remedy preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of 
any other right or remedy. The remedies herein provided are cumulative and 
not exclusive of any remedies provided by law.
 
  	- 5 - 	 

  	  	 
 
B. 	Expenses. The Borrower shall, upon request, reimburse the Lender for 
any and all costs and expenses, including without limitation attorneys’ 
fees, title fees and recording fees paid or incurred, if any, by the Lender 
in connection with (i) the preparation of the Loan Documents and any other 
document or agreement related hereto or thereto, and the transactions 
contemplated hereby, which amount shall be paid prior to the making of any 
advance hereunder; (ii) the closing and consummation of the transactions 
contemplated hereby; (iii) the negotiation of any amendments, modifications 
or extensions to any of the foregoing documents, instruments or agreements 
and the preparation of any and all documents necessary or desirable to 
effect such amendments, modifications or extensions; (iv) the enforcement 
by the Lender during the term hereof or thereafter of any of the rights or 
remedies of the Lender under any of the foregoing documents, instruments or 
agreements under applicable law, whether or not suit is filed with respect 
thereto.
 
C. 	Amendments, etc. The Loan Documents may not be amended or modified, nor 
may any of their terms (including without limitation, terms affecting the 
maturity of or rate of interest on the Note) be modified or waived, except 
by written instruments signed by the Lender and the Borrower.
 
D. 	Successors. This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the 
benefit of the Borrower and the Lender and their respective successors and 
assigns; provided, however, that the Borrower may not transfer or assign 
its right to borrow hereunder without the prior written consent of the 
Lender.
 
E. 	Offsets. Nothing in this Agreement shall be deemed a waiver or 
prohibition of the Lender’s right of banker’s lien, offset, or 
counterclaim, which right the Borrower hereby grants to the Lender.
 
F. 	Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in any number of 
counterparts, all of which taken together shall constitute one agreement, 
and any of the parties hereto may execute this Agreement by signing any 
such counterpart.
 
G. 	Headings. The descriptive headings for the several sections of this 
Agreement are inserted for convenience only and shall not define or limit 
any of the terms or provisions hereof.
 
H. 	Governing Law; Jurisdiction, Venue; Waiver of Jury Trial. This 
Agreement and the other Loan Documents shall be governed by and construed 
in accordance with the substantive laws (other than conflict laws) of the 
State of Minnesota. The parties hereto hereby (a) consent to the personal 
jurisdiction of the state and federal courts located in the State of 
Minnesota in connection with any controversy related to this Agreement and 
the other Loan Documents; (b) waive any argument that venue in any such 
forum is not convenient, (c) agree that any litigation initiated by the 
Lender or the Borrower in connection with this Agreement or the other Loan 
Documents shall be venued in either a state or federal court of Minnesota; 
and (d) agrees that a final judgment in any such suit, action or proceeding 
shall be conclusive and may be enforced in other jurisdictions by suit on 
the judgment or in any other manner provided by law. THE PARTIES WAIVE ANY 
RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING BASED ON OR PERTAINING 
TO THIS AGREEMENT OR THE OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS.
 
[Signature Page to Follow]
 
  	- 6 - 	 

  	  	 
 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be 
duly executed and delivered as of the day and year first above written.
 
  	BORROWER:
  	 
  	KRIEGER ENTERPRISES, LLC
  	  	 
  	By: 	/S/ Timothy S. Krieger
  	Name: 	Timothy S. Krieger
  	Its: 	President/CEO
  	  	 
  	LENDER:
  	 
  	ASPIRITY FINANCIAL, LLC
  	  	 
  	By: 	/S/ Wiley H Sharp III
  	Name: 	Wiley H. Sharp III
  	Its: 	Chief Financial Officer
 
[Signature Page to Loan Agreement]
 
  	  	 

  	  	 