 EX-10.2 3 f8k021317ex10ii_nightfood.htm REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT
Exhibit 10.2
 
REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT
 
REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT (this “Agreement”), dated as of February 8, 
2017, by and between NIGHTFOOD HOLDINGS, INC., a Nevada corporation (the “
Company”), and BLACK FOREST CAPITAL, LLC, a Wyoming limited liability 
company (together with it permitted assigns, the “Buyer”). Capitalized 
terms used herein and not otherwise defined herein shall have the 
respective meanings set forth in the equity purchase agreement by and 
between the parties hereto, dated as of the date hereof (the “Purchase 
Agreement”).
 
WHEREAS:
 
The Company has agreed, upon the terms and subject to the conditions of the 
Purchase Agreement, to sell to the Buyer up to Five Million Dollars 
($5,000,000) of Put Shares and to induce the Buyer to enter into the 
Purchase Agreement, the Company has agreed to provide certain registration 
rights under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and 
regulations thereunder, or any similar successor statute (collectively, the 
“Securities Act”), and applicable state securities laws.
 
NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the promises and the mutual covenants 
contained herein and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and 
sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the Company and the Buyer 
hereby agree as follows:
 
1.            DEFINITIONS.
 
As used in this Agreement, the following terms shall have the following 
meanings:
 
a.       “Investor” means the Buyer, any transferee or assignee thereof to 
whom a Buyer assigns its rights under this Agreement in accordance with 
Section 9 and who agrees to become bound by the provisions of this 
Agreement, and any transferee or assignee thereof to whom a transferee or 
assignee assigns its rights under this Agreement in accordance with Section 
9 and who agrees to become bound by the provisions of this Agreement.
 
b.       “Person” means any individual or entity including but not limited 
to any corporation, a limited liability company, an association, a 
partnership, an organization, a business, an individual, a governmental or 
political subdivision thereof or a governmental agency.
 
c.       “Register,” “registered,” and “registration” refer to a 
registration effected by preparing and filing one or more registration 
statements of the Company in compliance with the Securities Act and/or 
pursuant to Rule 415 under the Securities Act or any successor rule 
providing for offering securities on a continuous basis (“Rule 415”), and 
the declaration or ordering of effectiveness of such registration 
statement(s) by the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (the 
“SEC”).
 
d.       “Registrable Securities” means all of the Put Shares which have 
been, or which may, from time to time be issued, including without 
limitation all of the shares of common stock which have been issued or will 
be issued to the Investor under the Purchase Agreement (without regard to 
any limitation or restriction on purchases), and any and all shares of 
capital stock issued or issuable with respect to the Put Shares, Underlying 
Shares, or shares of common stock issued to Investor as a result of any 
stock split, stock dividend, recapitalization, exchange or similar event or 
otherwise, without regard to any limitation on purchases under the Purchase 
Agreement.
 
e.       “Registration Statement” means one or more registration statements 
of the Company covering only the sale of the Registrable Securities.
 

 

 

 
2.            REGISTRATION.
 
a.       Mandatory Registration. The Company shall, within 70 calendar days 
of the date hereof, file with the SEC an initial Registration Statement 
covering the maximum number of Registrable Securities (beginning with the 
Put Shares) as shall be permitted to be included thereon in accordance with 
applicable SEC rules, regulations and interpretations so as to permit the 
resale of such Registrable Securities by the Investor, including but not 
limited to under Rule 415 under the Securities Act, at then prevailing 
market prices (and not fixed prices), as mutually determined by both the 
Company and the Investor in consultation with their respective legal 
counsel, subject to the aggregate number of authorized shares of the 
Company’s Common Stock then available for issuance in its Certificate of 
Incorporation. The initial Registration Statement shall register only the 
Registrable Securities. The Investor and its counsel shall have a 
reasonable opportunity to review and comment upon such Registration 
Statement and any amendment or supplement to such Registration Statement 
and any related prospectus prior to its filing with the SEC, and the 
Company shall give due consideration to all reasonable comments. The 
Investor shall furnish all information reasonably requested by the Company 
for inclusion therein. The Company shall use its reasonable best efforts to 
have the Registration Statement and any amendment declared effective by the 
SEC at the earliest possible date. The Company shall use reasonable best 
efforts to keep the Registration Statement effective, including but not 
limited to pursuant to Rule 415 promulgated under the Securities Act, and 
available for the resale by the Investor of all of the Registrable 
Securities covered thereby at all times until the earlier of (i) the date 
as of which the Investor may sell all of the Registrable Securities without 
restriction pursuant to Rule 144 promulgated under the Securities and (ii) 
the date on which the Investor shall have sold all the Registrable 
Securities covered thereby and no Available Amount remains under the 
Purchase Agreement (the “Registration Period”). The Registration Statement 
(including any amendments or supplements thereto and prospectuses contained 
therein) shall not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit 
to state a material fact required to be stated therein, or necessary to 
make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances in which they 
were made, not misleading.
 
b.       Rule 424 Prospectus. The Company shall, as required by applicable 
securities regulations, from time to time file with the SEC, pursuant to 
Rule 424 promulgated under the Securities Act, the prospectus and 
prospectus supplements, if any, to be used in connection with sales of the 
Registrable Securities under the Registration Statement. The Investor and 
its counsel shall have a reasonable opportunity to review and comment upon 
such prospectus prior to its filing with the SEC, and the Company shall 
give due consideration to all such comments. The Investor shall use its 
reasonable best efforts to comment upon such prospectus within one (1) 
Business Day from the date the Investor receives the final pre-filing 
version of such prospectus.
 
c.       Sufficient Number of Shares Registered. In the event the number of 
shares available under the Registration Statement is insufficient to cover 
all of the Registrable Securities, the Company shall amend the Registration 
Statement or file a new Registration Statement (a “New Registration 
Statement”), so as to cover all of such Registrable Securities (subject to 
the limitations set forth in Section 2(a)) as soon as practicable, but in 
any event not later than ten (10) Business Days after the necessity 
therefor arises, subject to any limits that may be imposed by the SEC 
pursuant to Rule 415 under the Securities Act. The Company shall use it 
reasonable best efforts to cause such amendment and/or New Registration 
Statement to become effective as soon as practicable following the filing 
thereof. In the event that any of the Underlying Shares are not included in 
the Registration Statement, or have not been included in any New 
Registration Statement and the Company files any other registration 
statement under the Securities Act (other than on Form S-4, Form S-8, or 
with respect to other employee related plans or rights offerings) (“Other 
Registration Statement”) then the Company shall include in such Other 
Registration Statement first all of such Put Shares that have not been 
previously registered, second all of Underlying Shares that not have been 
previously registered, and third any other securities the Company wishes to 
include in such Other Registration Statement. The Company agrees that it 
shall not file any such Other Registration Statement unless all of the Put 
Shares and Underlying Shares have been included in such Other Registration 
Statement or otherwise have been registered for resale as described above.
 

  	2 	 

 

 
d.       Offering. If the staff of the SEC (the “Staff”) or the SEC seeks 
to characterize any offering pursuant to a Registration Statement filed 
pursuant to this Agreement as constituting an offering of securities that 
does not permit such Registration Statement to become effective and be used 
for resales by the Investor under Rule 415 at then-prevailing market prices 
(and not fixed prices), or if after the filing of the initial Registration 
Statement with the SEC pursuant to Section 2(a), the Company is otherwise 
required by the Staff or the SEC to reduce the number of Registrable 
Securities included in such initial Registration Statement, then the 
Company shall reduce the number of Registrable Securities to be included in 
such initial Registration Statement (with the prior consent, which shall 
not be unreasonably withheld, of the Investor and its legal counsel as to 
the specific Registrable Securities to be removed therefrom) until such 
time as the Staff and the SEC shall so permit such Registration Statement 
to become effective and be used as aforesaid. In the event of any reduction 
in Registrable Securities pursuant to this paragraph, the Company shall 
file one or more New Registration Statements in accordance with Section 
2(c) until such time as all Registrable Securities have been included in 
Registration Statements that have been declared effective and the 
prospectus contained therein is available for use by the Investor. 
Notwithstanding any provision herein or in the Purchase Agreement to the 
contrary, the Company’s obligations to register Registrable Securities (and 
any related conditions to the Investor’s obligations) shall be qualified as 
necessary to comport with any requirement of the SEC or the Staff as 
addressed in this Section 2(d).
 
3.            RELATED OBLIGATIONS.
 
With respect to the Registration Statement and whenever any Registrable 
Securities are to be registered pursuant to Section 2 including on any New 
Registration Statement, the Company shall use its reasonable best efforts 
to effect the registration of the Registrable Securities in accordance with 
the intended method of disposition thereof and, pursuant thereto, the 
Company shall have the following obligations:
 
a.       The Company shall prepare and file with the SEC such amendments 
(including post-effective amendments) and supplements to any registration 
statement and the prospectus used in connection with such registration 
statement, which prospectus is to be filed pursuant to Rule 424 promulgated 
under the Securities Act, as may be necessary to keep the Registration 
Statement or any New Registration Statement effective at all times during 
the Registration Period, and, during such period, comply with the 
provisions of the Securities Act with respect to the disposition of all 
Registrable Securities of the Company covered by the Registration Statement 
or any New Registration Statement until such time as all of such 
Registrable Securities shall have been disposed of in accordance with the 
intended methods of disposition by the seller or sellers thereof as set 
forth in such registration statement.
 
b.       The Company shall permit the Investor to review and comment upon 
the Registration Statement or any New Registration Statement and all 
amendments and supplements thereto at least two (2) Business Days prior to 
their filing with the SEC, and not file any document in a form to which 
Investor reasonably objects. The Investor shall use its reasonable best 
efforts to comment upon the Registration Statement or any New Registration 
Statement and any amendments or supplements thereto within two (2) Business 
Days from the date the Investor receives the final version thereof. The 
Company shall furnish to the Investor, without charge any correspondence 
from the SEC or the staff of the SEC to the Company or its representatives 
relating to the Registration Statement or any New Registration Statement.
 

  	3 	 

 

 
c.       Upon request of the Investor, the Company shall furnish to the 
Investor, (i) promptly after the same is prepared and filed with the SEC, 
at least one copy of such registration statement and any amendment(s) 
thereto, including financial statements and schedules, all documents 
incorporated therein by reference and all exhibits, (ii) upon the 
effectiveness of any registration statement, a copy of the prospectus 
included in such registration statement and all amendments and supplements 
thereto (or such other number of copies as the Investor may reasonably 
request) and (iii) such other documents, including copies of any 
preliminary or final prospectus, as the Investor may reasonably request 
from time to time in order to facilitate the disposition of the Registrable 
Securities owned by the Investor. For the avoidance of doubt, any filing 
available to the Investor via the SEC’s live EDGAR system shall be deemed 
“furnished to the Investor” hereunder.
 
d.       The Company shall use reasonable best efforts to (i) register and 
qualify the Registrable Securities covered by a registration statement 
under such other securities or “blue sky” laws of such jurisdictions in the 
United States as the Investor reasonably requests, (ii) prepare and file in 
those jurisdictions, such amendments (including post-effective amendments) 
and supplements to such registrations and qualifications as may be 
necessary to maintain the effectiveness thereof during the Registration 
Period, (iii) take such other actions as may be necessary to maintain such 
registrations and qualifications in effect at all times during the 
Registration Period, and (iv) take all other actions reasonably necessary 
or advisable to qualify the Registrable Securities for sale in such 
jurisdictions; provided, however, that the Company shall not be required in 
connection therewith or as a condition thereto to (x) qualify to do 
business in any jurisdiction where it would not otherwise be required to 
qualify but for this Section 3(d), (y) subject itself to general taxation 
in any such jurisdiction, or (z) file a general consent to service of 
process in any such jurisdiction. The Company shall promptly notify the 
Investor who holds Registrable Securities of the receipt by the Company of 
any notification with respect to the suspension of the registration or 
qualification of any of the Registrable Securities for sale under the 
securities or “blue sky” laws of any jurisdiction in the United States or 
its receipt of actual notice of the initiation or threatening of any 
proceeding for such purpose.
 
e.       As promptly as practicable after becoming aware of such event or 
facts, the Company shall notify the Investor in writing of the happening of 
any event or existence of such facts as a result of which the prospectus 
included in any registration statement, as then in effect, includes an 
untrue statement of a material fact or omits to state a material fact 
required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein, 
in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading, 
and promptly prepare a supplement or amendment to such registration 
statement to correct such untrue statement or omission, and deliver a copy 
of such supplement or amendment to the Investor (or such other number of 
copies as the Investor may reasonably request). The Company shall also 
promptly notify the Investor in writing (i) when a prospectus or any 
prospectus supplement or post-effective amendment has been filed, and when 
a registration statement or any post-effective amendment has become 
effective (notification of such effectiveness shall be delivered to the 
Investor by email or facsimile on the same day of such effectiveness and by 
overnight mail), (ii) of any request by the SEC for amendments or 
supplements to any registration statement or related prospectus or related 
information, and (iii) of the Company’s reasonable determination that a 
post-effective amendment to a registration statement would be appropriate.
 
f.       The Company shall use its reasonable best efforts to prevent the 
issuance of any stop order or other suspension of effectiveness of any 
registration statement, or the suspension of the qualification of any 
Registrable Securities for sale in any jurisdiction and, if such an order 
or suspension is issued, to obtain the withdrawal of such order or 
suspension at the earliest possible moment and to notify the Investor of 
the issuance of such order and the resolution thereof or its receipt of 
actual notice of the initiation or threat of any proceeding for such 
purpose.
 

  	4 	 

 

 
g.       The Company shall (i) cause all the Registrable Securities to be 
listed on each securities exchange on which securities of the same class or 
series issued by the Company are then listed, if any, if the listing of 
such Registrable Securities is then permitted under the rules of such 
exchange, or (ii) secure designation and quotation of all the Registrable 
Securities on the Principal Market. The Company shall pay all fees and 
expenses in connection with satisfying its obligation under this Section.
 
h.       The Company shall cooperate with the Investor to facilitate the 
timely preparation and delivery of certificates (not bearing any 
restrictive legend) representing the Registrable Securities to be offered 
pursuant to any registration statement and enable such certificates to be 
in such denominations or amounts as the Investor may reasonably request and 
registered in such names as the Investor may request.
 
i.       The Company shall at all times provide a transfer agent and 
registrar with respect to its Common Stock.
 
j.       If reasonably requested by the Investor, the Company shall (i) 
immediately incorporate in a prospectus supplement or post-effective 
amendment such information as the Investor believes should be included 
therein relating to the sale and distribution of Registrable Securities, 
including, without limitation, information with respect to the number of 
Registrable Securities being sold, the purchase price being paid therefor 
and any other terms of the offering of the Registrable Securities; (ii) 
make all required filings of such prospectus supplement or post-effective 
amendment as soon as practicable upon notification of the matters to be 
incorporated in such prospectus supplement or post-effective amendment; and 
(iii) supplement or make amendments to any registration statement.
 
k.       The Company shall use its reasonable best efforts to cause the 
Registrable Securities covered by any registration statement to be 
registered with or approved by such other governmental agencies or 
authorities as may be necessary to consummate the disposition of such 
Registrable Securities.
 
l.       Within one (1) Business Day after any registration statement which 
includes the Registrable Securities is ordered effective by the SEC, the 
Company shall deliver, and shall cause legal counsel for the Company to 
deliver, to the transfer agent for such Registrable Securities (with copies 
to the Investor) confirmation that such registration statement has been 
declared effective by the SEC in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A. 
Thereafter, if requested by the Buyer at any time, the Company shall 
require its counsel to deliver to the Buyer a written confirmation whether 
or not the effectiveness of such registration statement has lapsed at any 
time for any reason (including, without limitation, the issuance of a stop 
order) and whether or not the registration statement is current and 
available to the Buyer for sale of all of the Registrable Securities.
 
m.       The Company shall take all other reasonable actions necessary to 
expedite and facilitate disposition by the Investor of Registrable 
Securities pursuant to any registration statement.
 
4.            OBLIGATIONS OF THE INVESTOR.
 
a.       The Company shall notify the Investor in writing of the 
information the Company reasonably requires from the Investor in connection 
with any registration statement hereunder. The Investor shall furnish to 
the Company such information regarding itself, the Registrable Securities 
held by it and the intended method of disposition of the Registrable 
Securities held by it as shall be reasonably required to effect the 
registration of such Registrable Securities and shall execute such 
documents in connection with such registration as the Company may 
reasonably request.
 

  	5 	 

 

 
b.    The Investor agrees to cooperate with the Company as reasonably 
requested by the Company in connection with the preparation and filing of 
any registration statement hereunder.
 
c.       The Investor agrees that, upon receipt of any notice from the 
Company of the happening of any event or existence of facts of the kind 
described in Section 3(f) or the first sentence of 3(e), the Investor will 
immediately discontinue disposition of Registrable Securities pursuant to 
any registration statement(s) covering such Registrable Securities until 
the Investor’s receipt of the copies of the supplemented or amended 
prospectus contemplated by Section 3(f) or the first sentence of 3(e). 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, the Company shall cause its 
transfer agent to promptly deliver shares of Common Stock without any 
restrictive legend in accordance with the terms of the Purchase Agreement 
in connection with any sale of Registrable Securities with respect to which 
an Investor has entered into a contract for sale prior to the Investor’s 
receipt of a notice from the Company of the happening of any event of the 
kind described in Section 3(f) or the first sentence of Section 3(e) and 
for which the Investor has not yet settled.
 
5.            EXPENSES OF REGISTRATION.
 
All reasonable expenses, other than sales or brokerage commissions, 
incurred in connection with registrations, filings or qualifications 
pursuant to Sections 2 and 3, including, without limitation, all 
registration, listing and qualifications fees, printers and accounting 
fees, and fees and disbursements of counsel for the Company, shall be paid 
by the Company.
 
6.            INDEMNIFICATION.
 
a.       To the fullest extent permitted by law, the Company will, and 
hereby does, indemnify, hold harmless and defend the Investor, each Person, 
if any, who controls the Investor, the members, the directors, officers, 
partners, employees, agents, representatives of the Investor and each 
Person, if any, who controls the Investor within the meaning of the 
Securities Act or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “
Exchange Act”) (each, an “Indemnified Person”), against any losses, claims, 
damages, liabilities, judgments, fines, penalties, charges, costs, 
attorneys’ fees, amounts paid in settlement or expenses, joint or several, 
(collectively, “Claims”) incurred in investigating, preparing or defending 
any action, claim, suit, inquiry, proceeding, investigation or appeal taken 
from the foregoing by or before any court or governmental, administrative 
or other regulatory agency, body or the SEC, whether pending or threatened, 
whether or not an indemnified party is or may be a party thereto (“
Indemnified Damages”), to which any of them may become subject insofar as 
such Claims (or actions or proceedings, whether commenced or threatened, in 
respect thereof) arise out of or are based upon: (i) any untrue statement 
or alleged untrue statement of a material fact in the Registration 
Statement, any New Registration Statement or any post-effective amendment 
thereto or in any filing made in connection with the qualification of the 
offering under the securities or other “blue sky” laws of any jurisdiction 
in which Registrable Securities are offered (“Blue Sky Filing”), or the 
omission or alleged omission to state a material fact required to be stated 
therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading, (ii) 
any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a material fact 
contained in the final prospectus (as amended or supplemented, if the 
Company files any amendment thereof or supplement thereto with the SEC) or 
the omission or alleged omission to state therein any material fact 
necessary to make the statements made therein, in light of the 
circumstances under which the statements therein were made, not misleading, 
(iii) any violation or alleged violation by the Company of the Securities 
Act, the Exchange Act, any other law, including, without limitation, any 
state securities law, or any rule or regulation thereunder relating to the 
offer or sale of the Registrable Securities pursuant to the Registration 
Statement or any New Registration Statement or (iv) any material violation 
by the Company of this Agreement (the matters in the foregoing clauses (i) 
through (iv) being, collectively, “Violations”). The Company shall 
reimburse each Indemnified Person promptly as such expenses are incurred 
and are due and payable, for any reasonable legal fees or other reasonable 
expenses incurred by them in connection with investigating or defending any 
such Claim. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, the 
indemnification agreement contained in this Section 6(a): (i) shall not 
apply to a Claim by an Indemnified Person arising out of or based upon a 
Violation which occurs in reliance upon and in conformity with information 
about the Investor furnished in writing to the Company by such Indemnified 
Person expressly for use in connection with the preparation of the 
Registration Statement, any New Registration Statement or any such 
amendment thereof or supplement thereto, if such prospectus was timely made 
available by the Company pursuant to Section 3(c) or Section 3(e); (ii) 
with respect to any superseded prospectus, shall not inure to the benefit 
of any such person from whom the person asserting any such Claim purchased 
the Registrable Securities that are the subject thereof (or to the benefit 
of any person controlling such person) if the untrue statement or omission 
of material fact contained in the superseded prospectus was corrected in 
the revised prospectus, as then amended or supplemented, if such revised 
prospectus was timely made available by the Company pursuant to Section 
3(c) or Section 3(e), and the Indemnified Person was promptly advised in 
writing not to use the incorrect prospectus prior to the use giving rise to 
a violation and such Indemnified Person, notwithstanding such advice, used 
it; (iii) shall not be available to the extent such Claim is based on a 
failure of the Investor to deliver or to cause to be delivered the 
prospectus made available by the Company, if such prospectus was timely 
made available by the Company pursuant to Section 3(c) or Section 3(e); and 
(iv) shall not apply to amounts paid in settlement of any Claim if such 
settlement is effected without the prior written consent of the Company, 
which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld. Such indemnity shall 
remain in full force and effect regardless of any investigation made by or 
on behalf of the Indemnified Person and shall survive the transfer of the 
Registrable Securities by the Investor pursuant to Section 9.
 

  	6 	 

 

 
b.       Promptly after receipt by an Indemnified Person or Indemnified 
Party under this Section 6 of notice of the commencement of any action or 
proceeding (including any governmental action or proceeding) involving a 
Claim, such Indemnified Person or Indemnified Party shall, if a Claim in 
respect thereof is to be made against any indemnifying party under this 
Section 6, deliver to the indemnifying party a written notice of the 
commencement thereof, and the indemnifying party shall have the right to 
participate in, and, to the extent the indemnifying party so desires, 
jointly with any other indemnifying party similarly noticed, to assume 
control of the defense thereof with counsel mutually satisfactory to the 
indemnifying party and the Indemnified Person or the Indemnified Party, as 
the case may be; provided, however, that an Indemnified Person or 
Indemnified Party shall have the right to retain its own counsel with the 
fees and expenses to be paid by the indemnifying party, if, in the 
reasonable opinion of counsel retained by the indemnifying party, the 
representation by such counsel of the Indemnified Person or Indemnified 
Party and the indemnifying party would be inappropriate due to actual or 
potential differing interests between such Indemnified Person or 
Indemnified Party and any other party represented by such counsel in such 
proceeding. The Indemnified Party or Indemnified Person shall cooperate 
fully with the indemnifying party in connection with any negotiation or 
defense of any such action or claim by the indemnifying party and shall 
furnish to the indemnifying party all information reasonably available to 
the Indemnified Party or Indemnified Person which relates to such action or 
claim. The indemnifying party shall keep the Indemnified Party or 
Indemnified Person fully apprised at all times as to the status of the 
defense or any settlement negotiations with respect thereto. No 
indemnifying party shall be liable for any settlement of any action, claim 
or proceeding effected without its written consent, provided, however, that 
the indemnifying party shall not unreasonably withhold, delay or condition 
its consent. No indemnifying party shall, without the consent of the 
Indemnified Party or Indemnified Person, consent to entry of any judgment 
or enter into any settlement or other compromise which does not include as 
an unconditional term thereof the giving by the claimant or plaintiff to 
such Indemnified Party or Indemnified Person of a release from all 
liability in respect to such claim or litigation. Following indemnification 
as provided for hereunder, the indemnifying party shall be subrogated to 
all rights of the Indemnified Party or Indemnified Person with respect to 
all third parties, firms or corporations relating to the matter for which 
indemnification has been made. The failure to deliver written notice to the 
indemnifying party within a reasonable time of the commencement of any such 
action shall not relieve such indemnifying party of any liability to the 
Indemnified Person or Indemnified Party under this Section 6, except to the 
extent that the indemnifying party is prejudiced in its ability to defend 
such action.
 

  	7 	 

 

 
c.       The indemnification required by this Section 6 shall be made by 
periodic payments of the amount thereof during the course of the 
investigation or defense, as and when bills are received or Indemnified 
Damages are incurred.
 
d.       The indemnity agreements contained herein shall be in addition to 
(i) any cause of action or similar right of the Indemnified Party or 
Indemnified Person against the indemnifying party or others, and (ii) any 
liabilities the indemnifying party may be subject to pursuant to the law.
 
7.            CONTRIBUTION.
 
To the extent any indemnification by an indemnifying party is prohibited or 
limited by law, the indemnifying party agrees to make the maximum 
contribution with respect to any amounts for which it would otherwise be 
liable under Section 6 to the fullest extent permitted by law; provided, 
however, that: (i) no seller of Registrable Securities guilty of fraudulent 
misrepresentation (within the meaning of Section 11(f) of the Securities 
Act) shall be entitled to contribution from any seller of Registrable 
Securities who was not guilty of fraudulent misrepresentation; and (ii) 
contribution by any seller of Registrable Securities shall be limited in 
amount to the net amount of proceeds received by such seller from the sale 
of such Registrable Securities.
 
8.            REPORTS AND DISCLOSURE UNDER THE SECURITIES ACTS.
 
With a view to making available to the Investor the benefits of Rule 144 
promulgated under the Securities Act or any other similar rule or 
regulation of the SEC that may at any time permit the Investor to sell 
securities of the Company to the public without registration (“Rule 144”), 
the Company agrees, at the Company’s sole expense, to:
 
a.       make and keep public information available, as those terms are 
understood and defined in Rule 144;
 
b.       file with the SEC in a timely manner all reports and other 
documents required of the Company under the Securities Act and the Exchange 
Act so long as the Company remains subject to such requirements and the 
filing of such reports and other documents is required for the applicable 
provisions of Rule 144;
 
c.       furnish to the Investor so long as the Investor owns Registrable 
Securities, promptly upon request, (i) a written statement by the Company 
that it has complied with the reporting and or disclosure provisions of 
Rule 144, the Securities Act and the Exchange Act, (ii) a copy of the most 
recent annual or quarterly report of the Company and such other reports and 
documents so filed by the Company, and (iii) such other information as may 
be reasonably requested to permit the Investor to sell such securities 
pursuant to Rule 144 without registration; and
 
d.       take such additional action as is requested by the Investor to 
enable the Investor to sell the Registrable Securities pursuant to Rule 
144, including, without limitation, delivering all such legal opinions, 
consents, certificates, resolutions and instructions to the Company’s 
Transfer Agent as may be requested from time to time by the Investor and 
otherwise fully cooperate with Investor and Investor’s broker to effect 
such sale of securities pursuant to Rule 144.
 

  	8 	 

 

 
The Company agrees that damages may be an inadequate remedy for any breach 
of the terms and provisions of this Section 8 and that Investor shall, 
whether or not it is pursuing any remedies at law, be entitled to equitable 
relief in the form of a preliminary or permanent injunctions, without 
having to post any bond or other security, upon any breach or threatened 
breach of any such terms or provisions.
 
9.            ASSIGNMENT OF REGISTRATION RIGHTS.
 
The Company shall not assign this Agreement or any rights or obligations 
hereunder without the prior written consent of the Investor. The Investor 
may not assign its rights under this Agreement without the written consent 
of the Company.
 
10.          AMENDMENT OF REGISTRATION RIGHTS.
 
No provision of this Agreement may be amended or waived by the parties from 
and after the date that is one Business Day immediately preceding the 
initial filing of the Registration Statement with the SEC. Subject to the 
immediately preceding sentence, no provision of this Agreement may be (i) 
amended other than by a written instrument signed by both parties hereto or 
(ii) waived other than in a written instrument signed by the party against 
whom enforcement of such waiver is sought. Failure of any party to exercise 
any right or remedy under this Agreement or otherwise, or delay by a party 
in exercising such right or remedy, shall not operate as a waiver thereof.
 
11.          MISCELLANEOUS.
 
a.       A Person is deemed to be a holder of Registrable Securities 
whenever such Person owns or is deemed to own of record such Registrable 
Securities. If the Company receives conflicting instructions, notices or 
elections from two or more Persons with respect to the same Registrable 
Securities, the Company shall act upon the basis of instructions, notice or 
election received from the registered owner of such Registrable Securities.
 
b.       Any notices, consents, waivers or other communications required or 
permitted to be given under the terms of this Agreement must be in writing 
and will be deemed to have been delivered: (i) upon receipt, when delivered 
personally; (ii) upon receipt, when sent by facsimile or email (provided 
confirmation of transmission is mechanically or electronically generated 
and kept on file by the sending party); or (iii) one (1) Business Day after 
deposit with a nationally recognized overnight delivery service, in each 
case properly addressed to the party to receive the same. The addresses for 
such communications shall be:
 
If to the Company:
 
NIGHTFOOD HOLDINGS, INC.
520 White Plains Road, Suite 500
Tarrytown, NY 10591
E-mail: Nightfood@nightfood.com
 

  	9 	 

 

 
If to the Investor:
 
BLACK FOREST CAPITAL, LLC
81 Prospect St.
Brooklyn, NY 11201
Email: Contact@BlackForest.Capital
 
With a copy to (which shall not constitute notice or service of process):
 
Legal & Compliance, LLC
330 Clematis Street
Suite 217
West Palm Beach, FL 33401
  	Telephone: 	561-514-0936
  	Facsimile: 	561-514-0832
  	E-mail: 	lanthony@legalandcompliance.com
  	Attention: 	Laura Anthony, Esq.
 
or at such other address and/or facsimile number and/or to the attention of 
such other person as the recipient party has specified by written notice 
given to each other party three (3) Business Days prior to the 
effectiveness of such change. Written confirmation of receipt (A) given by 
the recipient of such notice, consent, waiver or other communication, (B) 
mechanically or electronically generated by the sender’s facsimile machine 
or email account containing the time, date, recipient facsimile number or 
email address, as applicable, and an image of the first page of such 
transmission or (C) provided by a nationally recognized overnight delivery 
service, shall be rebuttable evidence of personal service, receipt by 
facsimile or receipt from a nationally recognized overnight delivery 
service in accordance with clause (i), (ii) or (iii) above, respectively.
 
c.       The laws of the State of New York shall govern all issues 
concerning this Agreement. All other questions concerning the construction, 
validity, enforcement and interpretation of this Agreement shall be 
governed by the internal laws of the State of New York, without giving 
effect to any choice of law or conflict of law provision or rule (whether 
of the State of New York or any other jurisdictions) that would cause the 
application of the laws of any jurisdictions other than the State of New 
York. Each party hereby irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction 
of the state and federal courts sitting the State of New York, for the 
adjudication of any dispute hereunder or in connection herewith or with any 
transaction contemplated hereby or discussed herein, and hereby irrevocably 
waives, and agrees not to assert in any suit, action or proceeding, any 
claim that it is not personally subject to the jurisdiction of any such 
court, that such suit, action or proceeding is brought in an inconvenient 
forum or that the venue of such suit, action or proceeding is improper. 
Each party hereby irrevocably waives personal service of process and 
consents to process being served in any such suit, action or proceeding by 
mailing a copy thereof to such party at the address for such notices to it 
under this Agreement and agrees that such service shall constitute good and 
sufficient service of process and notice thereof. Nothing contained herein 
shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any 
manner permitted by law. If any provision of this Agreement shall be 
invalid or unenforceable in any jurisdiction, such invalidity or 
unenforceability shall not affect the validity or enforceability of the 
remainder of this Agreement in that jurisdiction or the validity or 
enforceability of any provision of this Agreement in any other 
jurisdiction. EACH PARTY HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE, 
AND AGREES NOT TO REQUEST, A JURY TRIAL FOR THE ADJUDICATION OF ANY DISPUTE 
HEREUNDER OR IN CONNECTION HEREWITH OR ARISING OUT OF THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY 
TRANSACTION CONTEMPLATED HEREBY.
 

  	10 	 

 

 
d.       This Agreement and the Purchase Agreement constitute the entire 
agreement among the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter 
hereof and thereof. There are no restrictions, promises, warranties or 
undertakings, other than those set forth or referred to herein and therein. 
This Agreement and the Purchase Agreement supersede all prior agreements 
and understandings among the parties hereto with respect to the subject 
matter hereof and thereof.
 
e.       Subject to the requirements of Section 9, this Agreement shall 
inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the successors and permitted 
assigns of each of the parties hereto.
 
f.       The headings in this Agreement are for convenience of reference 
only and shall not limit or otherwise affect the meaning hereof.
 
g.       This Agreement may be executed in identical counterparts, each of 
which shall be deemed an original but all of which shall constitute one and 
the same agreement. This Agreement, once executed by a party, may be 
delivered to the other party hereto by facsimile transmission or by e-mail 
in a “.pdf” format data file of a copy of this Agreement bearing the 
signature of the party so delivering this Agreement.
 
h.       Each party shall do and perform, or cause to be done and 
performed, all such further acts and things, and shall execute and deliver 
all such other agreements, certificates, instruments and documents, as the 
other party may reasonably request in order to carry out the intent and 
accomplish the purposes of this Agreement and the consummation of the 
transactions contemplated hereby.
 
i.       The language used in this Agreement will be deemed to be the 
language chosen by the parties to express their mutual intent and no rules 
of strict construction will be applied against any party.
 
j.       This Agreement is intended for the benefit of the parties hereto 
and their respective successors and permitted assigns, and is not for the 
benefit of, nor may any provision hereof be enforced by, any other Person.
 
* * * * * *
 

  	11 	 

 

 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have caused this Registration Rights 
Agreement to be duly executed as of day and year first above written.
 
  	THE COMPANY:
  	 
  	NIGHTFOOD HOLDINGS, INC.
 
  	By: 	/s/ Sean Folkson
  	Name: 	Sean Folkson
  	Title: 	Chief Executive Officer
 
  	INVESTOR:
  	 
  	BLACK FOREST CAPITAL, LLC
 
  	By: 	/s/ Max Riccio
  	Name: 	Max Riccio
  	Title: 	Authorized Signer
 

  	12 	 

 

 
EXHIBIT A
 
TO REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT
 
FORM OF NOTICE OF EFFECTIVENESS
OF REGISTRATION STATEMENT
 
______, 2017
 
ClearTrust, LLC
16540 Pointe Village Dr., Suite 210
Lutz, FL 33558
 
Re: [                   ]
 
Ladies and Gentlemen:
 
We are counsel to NIGHTFOOD HOLDINGS, INC., a Nevada corporation (the “
Company”), and have represented the Company in connection with that certain 
Purchase Agreement, dated as of February 8, 2017 (the “Purchase Agreement
”), entered into by and between the Company and Black Forest Capital, LLC 
(the “Buyer”) pursuant to which the Company has agreed to issue to the 
Buyer shares of the Company’s Common Stock, $0.001 par value (the “Common 
Stock”), in an amount up to Five Million Dollars ($5,000,000) (the “Put 
Shares”), in accordance with the terms of the Purchase Agreement. In 
connection with the transactions contemplated by the Purchase Agreement, 
the Company has registered with the U.S. Securities & Exchange Commission 
the following shares of Common Stock:
 
(1) 	____________ Put Shares to be issued to the Buyer upon purchase from 
the Company by the Buyer from time to time; and
 
(2) 	____________ shares of Common Stock that are underlying the Commitment 
Note (the “Underlying Shares”).
 
Pursuant to the Purchase Agreement, the Company also has entered into a 
Registration Rights Agreement, of even date with the Purchase Agreement 
with the Buyer (the “Registration Rights Agreement”) pursuant to which the 
Company agreed, among other things, to register the Put Shares and the 
Underlying Shares under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “
Securities Act”). In connection with the Company’s obligations under the 
Purchase Agreement and the Registration Rights Agreement, on ______, 2017, 
the Company filed a Registration Statement (File No. 333-[             ]) 
(the “Registration Statement”) with the Securities and Exchange Commission 
(the “SEC”) relating to the resale of the Put Shares and the Underlying 
Shares.
 
In connection with the foregoing, we advise you that a member of the SEC’s 
staff has advised us by telephone that the SEC has entered an order 
declaring the Registration Statement effective under the Securities Act at 
[           ] [A.M./P.M.] on [                ], 2017 and we have no 
knowledge, after telephonic inquiry of a member of the SEC’s staff, that 
any stop order suspending its effectiveness has been issued or that any 
proceedings for that purpose are pending before, or threatened by, the SEC 
and the Initial Put Shares, the Put Shares and the Underlying Shares are 
available for resale under the Securities Act pursuant to the Registration 
Statement and may be issued without any restrictive legend.
 

 

 

 
  	Very truly yours,
[Company Counsel]
  	  	 
  	By: 	 
 
cc: 	Black Forest Capital, LLC 	 
 
 
 
 