 EX-10.1 2 f8k021317ex10i_nightfood.htm EQUITY PURCHASE AGREEMENT
Exhibit 10.1
 
EQUITY PURCHASE AGREEMENT
 
This equity purchase agreement is entered into as of February 8, 2017 (this 
“Agreement”), by and between Nightfood Holdings, Inc., a Nevada corporation 
(the “Company”), and Black Forest Capital, LLC, a Wyoming limited liability 
company (the “Investor”).
 
WHEREAS, the parties desire that, upon the terms and subject to the 
conditions contained herein, the Company shall issue and sell to the 
Investor, from time to time as provided herein, and the Investor shall 
purchase up to Five Million Dollars ($5,000,000) of the Company’s Common 
Stock (as defined below);
 
NOW, THEREFORE, the parties hereto agree as follows:
 
ARTICLE I
 
CERTAIN DEFINITIONS
 
Section 1.1 DEFINED TERMS. As used in this Agreement, the following terms 
shall have the following meanings specified or indicated (such meanings to 
be equally applicable to both the singular and plural forms of the terms 
defined):
 
“Agreement” shall have the meaning specified in the preamble hereof.
 
“Average Daily Trading Value” shall mean the average trading volume of the 
Company’s Common Stock in the twenty (20) Trading Days immediately 
preceding the respective Put Date multiplied by the lowest VWAP of the 
Company’s Common Stock in the twenty (20) Trading Days immediately 
preceding the respective Put Date.
 
“Bankruptcy Law” means Title 11, U.S. Code, or any similar federal or state 
law for the relief of debtors.
 
“Claim Notice” shall have the meaning specified in Section 9.3(a).
 
“Clearing Costs” shall mean all of the Investor’s broker and Transfer Agent 
fees, excluding commissions.
 
“Clearing Date” shall be the date on which the Investor receives the Put 
Shares as DWAC Shares in its brokerage account.
 
“Closing” shall mean one of the closings of a purchase and sale of shares 
of Common Stock pursuant to Section 2.3.
 
“Closing Certificate” shall mean the closing certificate of the Company in 
the form of Exhibit B hereto.
 
“Closing Date” shall mean the date of any Closing hereunder.
 

 

 

 
“Commitment Note” shall mean the 8% convertible promissory note in the 
principal amount of $32,500.00, attached as Exhibit C hereto, issued by the 
Company to the Investor on February 8, 2017.
 
“Commitment Period” shall mean the period commencing on the Execution Date, 
and ending on the earlier of (i) the date on which the Investor shall have 
purchased Put Shares pursuant to this Agreement equal to the Maximum 
Commitment Amount, (ii) the date in which the Registration Statement is no 
longer effective, or (iii) 24 months after the initial effectiveness of the 
Registration Statement.
 
“Common Stock” shall mean the Company’s common stock, $0.001 par value per 
share, and any shares of any other class of common stock whether now or 
hereafter authorized, having the right to participate in the distribution 
of dividends (as and when declared) and assets (upon liquidation of the 
Company).
 
“Common Stock Equivalents” means any securities of the Company or the 
Subsidiaries which would entitle the holder thereof to acquire at any time 
Common Stock, including, without limitation, any debt, preferred stock, 
right, option, warrant or other instrument that is at any time convertible 
into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or otherwise entitles the holder 
thereof to receive, Common Stock.
 
“Company” shall have the meaning specified in the preamble to this 
Agreement.
 
“Custodian” means any receiver, trustee, assignee, liquidator or similar 
official under any Bankruptcy Law.
 
“Damages” shall mean any loss, claim, damage, liability, cost and expense 
(including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys’ fees and 
disbursements and costs and expenses of expert witnesses and 
investigation).
 
“Dispute Period” shall have the meaning specified in Section 9.3(a).
 
“DTC” shall mean The Depository Trust Company, or any successor performing 
substantially the same function for the Company.
 
“DTC/FAST Program” shall mean the DTC’s Fast Automated Securities Transfer 
Program.
 
“DWAC” shall mean Deposit Withdrawal at Custodian as defined by the DTC.
 
“DWAC Eligible” shall mean that (a) the Common Stock is eligible at DTC for 
full services pursuant to DTC’s Operational Arrangements, including, 
without limitation, transfer through DTC’s DWAC system, (b) the Company has 
been approved (without revocation) by the DTC’s underwriting department, 
(c) the Transfer Agent is approved as an agent in the DTC/FAST Program, (d) 
the Underlying Shares or Put Shares, as applicable, are otherwise eligible 
for delivery via DWAC, and (e) the Transfer Agent does not have a policy 
prohibiting or limiting delivery of the Underlying Shares or Put Shares, as 
applicable, via DWAC.
 

  	2 	 

 

 
“DWAC Shares” means shares of Common Stock that are (i) issued in 
electronic form, (ii) freely tradable and transferable and without 
restriction on resale and (iii) timely credited by the Company to the 
Investor’s or its designee’s specified DWAC account with DTC under the 
DTC/FAST Program, or any similar program hereafter adopted by DTC 
performing substantially the same function.
 
“Exchange Act” shall mean the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, 
and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.
 
“Exchange Cap” shall have the meaning set forth in Section 7.1(c).
 
“Execution Date” shall mean the date of this Agreement.
 
“FINRA” shall mean the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, Inc.
 
“Investment Amount” shall mean the Put Shares referenced in the Put Notice 
multiplied by the Purchase Price minus the Clearing Costs.
 
“Indemnified Party” shall have the meaning specified in Section 9.2.
 
“Indemnifying Party” shall have the meaning specified in Section 9.2.
 
“Indemnity Notice” shall have the meaning specified in Section 9.3(e).
 
“Investor” shall have the meaning specified in the preamble to this 
Agreement.
 
“Lien” means a lien, charge, pledge, security interest, encumbrance, right 
of first refusal, preemptive right or other restriction.
 
“Market Price” shall mean the lowest VWAP on the Principal Market for any 
Trading Day during the twenty (20) Trading Days immediately preceding the 
respective Put Date, as reported by Bloomberg Finance L.P or other 
reputable source.
 
“Material Adverse Effect” shall mean any effect on the business, 
operations, properties, or financial condition of the Company and the 
Subsidiaries that is material and adverse to the Company and the 
Subsidiaries and/or any condition, circumstance, or situation that would 
prohibit or otherwise materially interfere with the ability of the Company 
to enter into and perform its obligations under any Transaction Document.
 
“Maximum Commitment Amount” shall mean Five Million Dollars ($5,000,000).
 
“Person” shall mean an individual, a corporation, a partnership, an 
association, a trust or other entity or organization, including a 
government or political subdivision or an agency or instrumentality 
thereof.
 

  	3 	 

 

 
“Principal Market” shall mean any of the national exchanges (i.e. NYSE, 
NYSE AMEX, Nasdaq), or principal quotation systems (i.e. OTCQX, OTCQB, the 
OTC Bulletin Board), or other principal exchange or recognized quotation 
system which is at the time the principal trading platform or market for 
the Common Stock.
 
“Purchase Price” shall mean 85% of the Market Price on such date on which 
the Purchase Price is calculated in accordance with the terms and 
conditions of this Agreement.
 
“Put” shall mean the right of the Company to require the Investor to 
purchase shares of Common Stock, subject to the terms and conditions of 
this Agreement.
 
“Put Date” shall mean any Trading Day during the Commitment Period that a 
Put Notice is deemed delivered pursuant to Section 2.2(b).
 
“Put Notice” shall mean a written notice, substantially in the form of 
Exhibit A hereto, to Investor setting forth the Put Shares which the 
Company intends to require Investor to purchase pursuant to the terms of 
this Agreement.
 
“Put Shares” shall mean all shares of Common Stock issued, or that the 
Company shall be entitled to issue, per any applicable Put Notice in 
accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement.
 
“Registration Statement” shall have the meaning specified in Section 6.4. “
Regulation D” shall mean Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act.
 
“Required Note Minimum” shall mean, as of any date, the maximum aggregate 
number of shares of Common Stock then issued or potentially issuable in the 
futureupon conversion in full of the Commitment Note (including Underlying 
Shares issuable as payment of interest on the Commitment Note), ignoring 
any conversion limits set forth therein, and assuming that the conversion 
price is at all times on and after the date of determination 100% of the 
then conversion price on the Trading Day immediately prior to the date of 
determination.
 
“Rule 144” shall mean Rule 144 under the Securities Act or any similar 
provision then in force under the Securities Act.
 
“SEC” shall mean the United States Securities and Exchange Commission.
 
“SEC Documents” shall have the meaning specified in Section 4.5.
 
“Securities” means, collectively, the Put Shares, the Commitment Note and 
the Underlying Shares.
 
“Securities Act” shall mean the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.
 

  	4 	 

 

 
“Short Sales” shall mean all “short sales” as defined in Rule 200 of 
Regulation SHO under the Exchange Act.
 
“Subsidiary” means any Person the Company wholly-owns or controls, or in 
which the Company, directly or indirectly, owns a majority of the voting 
stock or similar voting interest, in each case that would be disclosable 
pursuant to Item 601(b)(21) of Regulation S-K promulgated under the 
Securities Act.
 
“Third Party Claim” shall have the meaning specified in Section 9.3(a).
 
“Trading Day” shall mean a day on which the Principal Market shall be open 
for
 
business.
 
“Transaction Documents” shall mean this Agreement and the Commitment Note 
and all schedules and exhibits hereto and thereto.
 
“Transfer Agent” shall mean ClearTrust, LLC, the current transfer agent of 
the Company, with a mailing address of 16540 Pointe Village Dr., Suite 210, 
Lutz, FL 33558, and any successor transfer agent of the Company.
 
“Transfer Agent Instruction Letter” means the letter from the Company to 
the Transfer Agent which instructs the Transfer Agent to issue the Put 
Shares and the Underlying Shares pursuant to the Transaction Documents, in 
the form of Exhibit D attached hereto.
 
“Underlying Shares” means the shares of Common Stock issued and issuable 
upon conversion of the Commitment Note and issued and issuable in lieu of 
the cash payment of interest or principal on the Commitment Note in 
accordance with the terms of the Commitment Note.
 
“Valuation Period” shall mean the period of five (5) Trading Days 
immediately following the Clearing Date associated with the applicable Put 
Notice.
 
“VWAP” means, for or as of any date, the dollar volume-weighted average 
price for such security on the Principal Market during the period beginning 
at 9:30:01 a.m., New York time, and ending at 4:00:00 p.m., New York time, 
as reported by Bloomberg through its “HP” function (set to weighted 
average) or, if the foregoing does not apply, the dollar volume-weighted 
average price of such security in the over-the-counter market on the 
electronic bulletin board for such security during the period beginning at 
9:30:01 a.m., New York time, and ending at 4:00:00 p.m., New York time, as 
reported by Bloomberg or other reliable reporting service, or, if no dollar 
volume-weighted average price is reported for such security by Bloomberg or 
other reliable reporting service for such hours, the average of the highest 
closing bid price and the lowest closing ask price of any of the market 
makers for such security as reported OTC Markets or other applicable 
Principal Market. If the VWAP cannot be calculated for such security on 
such date on any of the foregoing bases, the VWAP of such security on such 
date shall be the fair market value as mutually determined by the Company 
and the Investor. All such determinations shall be appropriately adjusted 
for any stock dividend, stock split, stock combination, recapitalization or 
other similar transaction during such period.
 

  	5 	 

 

 
ARTICLE II
PURCHASE AND SALE OF COMMON STOCK
 
Section 2.1 PUTS. Upon the terms and conditions set forth herein 
(including, without limitation, the provisions of Article VII), the Company 
shall have the right, but not the obligation, to direct the Investor, by 
its delivery to the Investor of a Put Notice from time to time, to purchase 
Put Shares (i) in a minimum amount not less than $25,000 and (ii) in a 
maximum amount up to the lesser of (a) $250,000 or (b) 200% of the Average 
Daily Trading Value; provided that such minimum amount of Put Shares may be 
decreased and such maximum amount of Put Shares may be increased subject to 
the Investor’s approval.
 
Section 2.2 MECHANICS.
 
(a)              PUT NOTICE. At any time and from time to time during the 
Commitment Period, except during the Valuation Period with respect to any 
Put, the Company may deliver a Put Notice to Investor, subject to 
satisfaction of the conditions set forth in this Agreement, including but 
not limited to Section 7.2. The Company shall deliver, or cause to be 
delivered, the Put Shares as DWAC Shares to the Investor within two (2) 
Trading Days following the Put Date.
 
(b)              DATE OF DELIVERY OF PUT NOTICE. A Put Notice shall be 
deemed delivered on (i) the Trading Day it is received by email by the 
Investor if such notice is received on or prior to 9:00 a.m. New York time 
or (ii) the immediately succeeding Trading Day if it is received by email 
after 9:00 a.m. New York time on a Trading Day or at any time on a day 
which is not a Trading Day. The Valuation Period will commence one (1) 
Trading Day following the Clearing Date. The Company may not deliver 
another Put Notice to the Investor during the Valuation Period with respect 
to any Put.
 
Section 2.3 CLOSINGS. If the value of the Put Shares delivered to the 
Investor causes the Company to exceed the Maximum Commitment Amount, then 
the Investor shall return to the Company the surplus amount of Put Shares 
associated with such Put and the Purchase Price with respect to such Put 
shall be reduced by any Clearing Costs related to the return of such Put 
Shares. The Closing of a Put shall occur within two (2) Trading Days 
following the respective Clearing Date, whereby the Investor shall deliver 
the Investment Amount by wire transfer of immediately available funds to an 
account designated by the Company. In addition, on or prior to such 
Closing, each of the Company and the Investor shall deliver to each other 
all documents, instruments and writings required to be delivered or 
reasonably requested by either of them pursuant to this Agreement in order 
to implement and effect the transactions contemplated herein. The Company 
shall use at least 20% of each Investment Amount received to pay off any 
outstanding promissory notes that are convertible into common stock of the 
Company.
 

  	6 	 

 

 
Section 2.4 TRUE-UP. If the lowest VWAP of the Common Stock during the 
Valuation Period (the “True-Up Price”) for the respective Put Shares is 
less than the Market Price for the respective Put Shares, then the Company 
shall, within two (2) Trading Days of Investor’s provision of written 
notice in the form attached hereto as Exhibit E, issue and deliver to the 
Investor an additional number of validly issued, fully paid, 
non-assessable, and free trading shares of Common Stock under the 
Registration Statement equal to (X) the quotient of the Purchase Price for 
the respective Put Shares divided by the True-Up Price, less (Y) the 
respective Put Shares. Any additional shares of Common Stock issuable 
hereunder are referred to herein as “Additional Shares.” Accordingly, the 
Additional Shares, if required to be issued pursuant to this Agreement, 
shall be issued in accordance with the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, and 
in successive tranches (each an “Additional Tranche”) if the issuance of 
one tranche would cause the Investor’s beneficial ownership to exceed the 
Beneficial Ownership Limitation (based upon the then outstanding shares of 
the Common Stock) at that time. The Company shall issue each respective 
Additional Tranche of the Additional Shares, if required under this 
Agreement, within two (2) Trading Days of the request by Investor, subject 
to the Beneficial Ownership Limitation. If the Company fails to issue the 
Additional Shares or any Additional Tranche within the timeframe specified 
in this Agreement, then the amount of Additional Shares in which Investor 
is entitled shall automatically be multiplied by two. 
ARTICLE III
REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF INVESTOR
 
The Investor represents and warrants to the Company that:
 
Section 3.1 INTENT. The Investor is entering into this Agreement for its 
own account and the Investor has no present arrangement (whether or not 
legally binding) at any time to sell the Securities to or through any 
Person in violation of the Securities Act or any applicable state 
securities laws; provided, however, that the Investor reserves the right to 
dispose of the Securities at any time in accordance with federal and state 
securities laws applicable to such disposition.
 
Section 3.2 NO LEGAL ADVICE FROM THE COMPANY. The Investor acknowledges 
that it has had the opportunity to review this Agreement and the 
transactions contemplated by this Agreement with its own legal counsel and 
investment and tax advisors. The Investor is relying solely on such counsel 
and advisors and not on any statements or representations of the Company or 
any of its representatives or agents for legal, tax or investment advice 
with respect to this investment, the transactions contemplated by this 
Agreement or the securities laws of any jurisdiction.
 
Section 3.3 ACCREDITED INVESTOR. The Investor is an accredited investor as 
defined in Rule 501(a)(3) of Regulation D, and the Investor has such 
experience in business and financial matters that it is capable of 
evaluating the merits and risks of an investment in the Securities. The 
Investor acknowledges that an investment in the Securities is speculative 
and involves a high degree of risk.
 

  	7 	 

 

 
Section 3.4 AUTHORITY. The Investor has the requisite power and authority 
to enter into and perform its obligations under this Agreement and the 
other Transaction Documents and to consummate the transactions contemplated 
hereby and thereby. The execution and delivery of this Agreement and the 
other Transaction Documents and the consummation by it of the transactions 
contemplated hereby and thereby have been duly authorized by all necessary 
action and no further consent or authorization of the Investor is required. 
Each Transaction Document to which it is a party has been duly executed by 
the Investor, and when delivered by the Investor in accordance with the 
terms hereof, will constitute the valid and binding obligation of the 
Investor enforceable against it in accordance with its terms, subject to 
applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, or similar laws relating to, or 
affecting generally the enforcement of, creditors’ rights and remedies or 
by other equitable principles of general application.
 
Section 3.5 NOT AN AFFILIATE. The Investor is not an officer, director or 
“affiliate” (as that term is defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act) of 
the Company.
 
Section 3.6 ORGANIZATION AND STANDING. The Investor is an entity duly 
incorporated or formed, validly existing and in good standing under the 
laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or formation with full right, 
corporate, partnership, limited liability company or similar power and 
authority to enter into and to consummate the transactions contemplated by 
this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents.
 
Section 3.7 ABSENCE OF CONFLICTS. The execution and delivery of this 
Agreement and the other Transaction Documents, and the consummation of the 
transactions contemplated hereby and thereby and compliance with the 
requirements hereof and thereof, will not (a) violate any law, rule, 
regulation, order, writ, judgment, injunction, decree or award binding on 
the Investor, (b) violate any provision of any indenture, instrument or 
agreement to which the Investor is a party or is subject, or by which the 
Investor or any of its assets is bound, or conflict with or constitute a 
material default thereunder, (c) result in the creation or imposition of 
any lien pursuant to the terms of any such indenture, instrument or 
agreement, or constitute a breach of any fiduciary duty owed by the 
Investor to any third party, or (d) require the approval of any third-party 
(that has not been obtained) pursuant to any material contract, instrument, 
agreement, relationship or legal obligation to which the Investor is 
subject or to which any of its assets, operations or management may be 
subject.
 
Section 3.8 DISCLOSURE; ACCESS TO INFORMATION. The Investor had an 
opportunity to review copies of the SEC Documents filed on behalf of the 
Company and has had access to all publicly available information with 
respect to the Company.
 
Section 3.9 MANNER OF SALE. At no time was the Investor presented with or 
solicited by or through any leaflet, public promotional meeting, television 
advertisement or any other form of general solicitation or advertising.
 

  	8 	 

 

 
ARTICLE IV
REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE COMPANY
 
The Company represents and warrants to the Investor that, except as 
disclosed in the SEC Documents or except as set forth in the disclosure 
schedules hereto:
 
Section 4.1 ORGANIZATION OF THE COMPANY. The Company and each of the 
Subsidiaries is an entity duly incorporated or otherwise organized, validly 
existing and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its 
incorporation or organization, with the requisite power and authority to 
own and use its properties and assets and to carry on its business as 
currently conducted. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary is in violation 
nor default of any of the provisions of its respective certificate or 
articles of incorporation, bylaws or other organizational or charter 
documents. Each of the Company and the Subsidiaries is duly qualified to 
conduct business and is in good standing as a foreign corporation or other 
entity in each jurisdiction in which the nature of the business conducted 
or property owned by it makes such qualification necessary, except where 
the failure to be so qualified or in good standing, as the case may be, 
could not have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse 
Effect and no proceeding has been instituted in any such jurisdiction 
revoking, limiting or curtailing or seeking to revoke, limit or curtail 
such power and authority or qualification.
 
Section 4.2 AUTHORITY. The Company has the requisite corporate power and 
authority to enter into and perform its obligations under this Agreement 
and the other Transaction Documents. The execution and delivery of this 
Agreement and the other Transaction Documents by the Company and the 
consummation by it of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby have 
been duly authorized by all necessary corporate action and no further 
consent or authorization of the Company or its Board of Directors or 
stockholders is required. Each of this Agreement and the other Transaction 
Documents has been duly executed and delivered by the Company and 
constitutes a valid and binding obligation of the Company enforceable 
against the Company in accordance with its terms, except as such 
enforceability may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, or 
similar laws relating to, or affecting generally the enforcement of, 
creditors’ rights and remedies or by other equitable principles of general 
application.
 
Section 4.3 CAPITALIZATION. Except as set forth on Schedule 4.3, the 
Company has not issued any capital stock since its most recently filed 
periodic report under the Exchange Act, other than pursuant to the exercise 
of employee stock options under the Company’s stock option plans, the 
issuance of shares of Common Stock to employees pursuant to the Company’s 
employee stock purchase plans and pursuant to the conversion and/or 
exercise of Common Stock Equivalents outstanding as of the date of the most 
recently filed periodic report under the Exchange Act. No Person has any 
right of first refusal, preemptive right, right of participation, or any 
similar right to participate in the transactions contemplated by the 
Transaction Documents. Except as set forth on Schedule 4.3 and except as a 
result of the purchase and sale of the Securities, there are no outstanding 
options, warrants, scrip rights to subscribe to, calls or commitments of 
any character whatsoever relating to, or securities, rights or obligations 
convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or giving any Person 
any right to subscribe for or acquire any shares of Common Stock, or 
contracts, commitments, understandings or arrangements by which the Company 
or any Subsidiary is or may become bound to issue additional shares of 
Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents. The issuance and sale of the 
Securities will not obligate the Company to issue shares of Common Stock or 
other securities to any Person (other than the Investor) and will not 
result in a right of any holder of Company securities to adjust the 
exercise, conversion, exchange or reset price under any of such securities. 
There are no stockholders agreements, voting agreements or other similar 
agreements with respect to the Company’s capital stock to which the Company 
is a party or, to the knowledge of the Company, between or among any of the 
Company’s stockholders.
 

  	9 	 

 

 
Section 4.4 LISTING AND MAINTENANCE REQUIREMENTS. The Common Stock is 
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) or 12(g) of the Exchange Act, and the 
Company has taken no action designed to, or which to its knowledge is 
likely to have the effect of, terminating the registration of the Common 
Stock under the Exchange Act nor has the Company received any notification 
that the SEC is contemplating terminating such registration. The Company 
has not, in the twelve (12) months preceding the date hereof, received 
notice from the Principal Market on which the Common Stock is or has been 
listed or quoted to the effect that the Company is not in compliance with 
the listing or maintenance requirements of such Principal Market. The 
Company is, and has no reason to believe that it will not in the 
foreseeable future continue to be, in compliance with all such listing and 
maintenance requirements.
 
Section 4.5 SEC DOCUMENTS; DISCLOSURE. Except as set forth on Schedule 
4.5, the Company has filed all reports, schedules, forms, statements and 
other documents required to be filed by the Company under the Securities 
Act and the Exchange Act, including pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) 
thereof, for the one (1) year preceding the date hereof (or such shorter 
period as the Company was required by law or regulation to file such 
material) (the foregoing materials, including the exhibits thereto and 
documents incorporated by reference therein, being collectively referred to 
herein as the “SEC Documents”) on a timely basis or has received a valid 
extension of such time of filing and has filed any such SEC Documents prior 
to the expiration of any such extension. As of their respective dates, the 
SEC Documents complied in all material respects with the requirements of 
the Securities Act and the Exchange Act, as applicable, and other federal 
laws, rules and regulations applicable to such SEC Documents, and none of 
the SEC Documents when filed contained any untrue statement of a material 
fact or omitted to state a material fact required to be stated therein or 
necessary in order to make the statements therein, in light of the 
circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. The financial 
statements of the Company included in the SEC Documents comply as to form 
and substance in all material respects with applicable accounting 
requirements and the published rules and regulations of the SEC or other 
applicable rules and regulations with respect thereto. Such financial 
statements have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted 
accounting principles applied on a consistent basis during the periods 
involved (except (a) as may be otherwise indicated in such financial 
statements or the notes thereto or (b) in the case of unaudited interim 
statements, to the extent they may not include footnotes or may be 
condensed or summary statements) and fairly present in all material 
respects the financial position of the Company as of the dates thereof and 
the results of operations and cash flows for the periods then ended 
(subject, in the case of unaudited statements, to normal, immaterial, 
year-end audit adjustments). Except with respect to the material terms and 
conditions of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents, 
the Company confirms that neither it nor any other Person acting on its 
behalf has provided the Investor or its agents or counsel with any 
information that it believes constitutes or might constitute material, 
non-public information. The Company understands and confirms that the 
Investor will rely on the foregoing representation in effecting 
transactions in securities of the Company.
 

  	10 	 

 

 
Section 4.6 VALID ISSUANCES. The Securities are duly authorized and, when 
issued and paid for in accordance with the applicable Transaction 
Documents, will be duly and validly issued, fully paid, and non-assessable, 
free and clear of all Liens imposed by the Company other than restrictions 
on transfer provided for in the Transaction Documents.
 
Section 4.7 NO CONFLICTS. The execution, delivery and performance of this 
Agreement and the other Transaction Documents by the Company and the 
consummation by the Company of the transactions contemplated hereby and 
thereby, including, without limitation, the issuance of the Put Shares and 
the Underlying Shares, do not and will not: (a) result in a violation of 
the Company’s or any Subsidiary’s certificate or articles of incorporation, 
by-laws or other organizational or charter documents, (b) conflict with, or 
constitute a material default (or an event that with notice or lapse of 
time or both would become a material default) under, result in the creation 
of any Lien upon any of the properties or assets of the Company or any 
Subsidiary, or give to others any rights of termination, amendment, 
acceleration or cancellation of, any agreement, indenture, instrument or 
any “lock-up” or similar provision of any underwriting or similar agreement 
to which the Company or any Subsidiary is a party, or (c) result in a 
violation of any federal, state or local law, rule, regulation, order, 
judgment or decree (including federal and state securities laws and 
regulations) applicable to the Company or any Subsidiary or by which any 
property or asset of the Company or any Subsidiary is bound or affected 
(except for such conflicts, defaults, terminations, amendments, 
accelerations, cancellations and violations as would not, individually or 
in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect) nor is the Company 
otherwise in violation of, conflict with or in default under any of the 
foregoing. The business of the Company is not being conducted in violation 
of any law, ordinance or regulation of any governmental entity, except for 
possible violations that either singly or in the aggregate do not and will 
not have a Material Adverse Effect. The Company is not required under 
federal, state or local law, rule or regulation to obtain any consent, 
authorization or order of, or make any filing or registration with, any 
court or governmental agency in order for it to execute, deliver or perform 
any of its obligations under this Agreement or the other Transaction 
Documents (other than any SEC, FINRA or state securities filings that may 
be required to be made by the Company subsequent to any Closing or any 
registration statement that may be filed pursuant hereto); provided that, 
for purposes of the representation made in this sentence, the Company is 
assuming and relying upon the accuracy of the relevant representations and 
agreements of Investor herein.
 
Section 4.8 NO MATERIAL ADVERSE CHANGE. No event has occurred that would 
have a Material Adverse Effect on the Company that has not been disclosed 
in subsequent SEC filings.
 
Section 4.9 LITIGATION AND OTHER PROCEEDINGS. Except as disclosed in the 
SEC Documents or as set forth on Schedule 4.9, there are no actions, suits, 
investigations, inquiries or proceedings pending or, to the knowledge of 
the Company, threatened against or affecting the Company, any Subsidiary or 
any of their respective properties, nor has the Company received any 
written or oral notice of any such action, suit, proceeding, inquiry or 
investigation, which would have a Material Adverse Effect. No judgment, 
order, writ, injunction or decree or award has been issued by or, to the 
knowledge of the Company, requested of any court, arbitrator or 
governmental agency which would have a Material Adverse Effect. There has 
not been, and to the knowledge of the Company, there is not pending or 
contemplated, any investigation by the SEC involving the Company, any 
Subsidiary or any current or former director or officer of the Company or 
any Subsidiary.
 

  	11 	 

 

 
Section 4.10 REGISTRATION RIGHTS. Except as set forth on Schedule 4.10, no 
Person (other than the Investor) has any right to cause the Company to 
effect the registration under the Securities Act of any securities of the 
Company or any Subsidiary.
 
ARTICLE V
COVENANTS OF INVESTOR
 
Section 5.1 COMPLIANCE WITH LAW; TRADING IN SECURITIES. The Investor’s 
trading activities with respect to shares of Common Stock will be in 
compliance with all applicable state and federal securities laws and 
regulations and the rules and regulations of FINRA and the Principal 
Market.
 
Section 5.2 SHORT SALES AND CONFIDENTIALITY. Neither the Investor, nor any 
affiliate of the Investor acting on its behalf or pursuant to any 
understanding with it, will execute any Short Sales during the period from 
the date hereof to the end of the Commitment Period. For the purposes 
hereof, and in accordance with Regulation SHO, the sale after delivery of a 
Put Notice of such number of shares of Common Stock reasonably expected to 
be purchased under a Put Notice shall not be deemed a Short Sale. The 
Investor shall, until such time as the transactions contemplated by this 
Agreement are publicly disclosed by the Company in accordance with the 
terms of this Agreement, maintain the confidentiality of the existence and 
terms of this transaction and the information included in the Transaction 
Documents.
 
ARTICLE VI
COVENANTS OF THE COMPANY
 
Section 6.1 RESERVATION OF COMMON STOCK. The Company shall maintain a 
reserve from its duly authorized shares of Common Stock equal to 300% of 
the Required Note in accordance with the terms of this Agreement and the 
Commitment Note. The Company shall maintain a reserve from its duly 
authorized shares of Common Stock equal to 100% of the registered shares 
remaining to be issued under the Registration Statement to satisfy its 
obligation to issue the Put Shares and the Additional Shares in accordance 
with the terms of this Agreement.
 
Section 6.2 LISTING OF COMMON STOCK. The Company shall promptly secure the 
listing of all of the Put Shares and Underlying Shares to be issued to the 
Investor hereunder on the Principal Market (subject to official notice of 
issuance) and shall use commercially reasonable best efforts to maintain, 
so long as any shares of Common Stock shall be so listed, the listing of 
all such Put Shares and Underlying Shares from time to time issuable 
hereunder. The Company shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to 
continue the listing and trading of the Common Stock on the Principal 
Market (including, without limitation, maintaining sufficient net tangible 
assets) and will comply in all respects with the Company’s reporting, 
filing and other obligations under the bylaws or rules of FINRA and the 
Principal Market.
 

  	12 	 

 

 
Section 6.3 OTHER EQUITY LINES AND CONVERTIBLE NOTES. So long as this 
Agreement remains in effect, the Company covenants and agrees that it will 
not, without the prior written consent of the Investor, enter into any 
other equity line of credit agreement with any other party or issue any 
promissory note convertible into common stock to any other party. For the 
avoidance of doubt, nothing contained in the Transaction Documents shall 
restrict, or require the Investor’s consent for, any agreement providing 
for the issuance or distribution of any equity securities of the Company 
pursuant to any agreement or arrangement that is not covered in this 
Section 6.3.
 
Section 6.4 FILING OF CURRENT REPORT AND REGISTRATION STATEMENT. The 
Company agrees that it shall file a Current Report on Form 8-K, including 
the Transaction Documents as exhibits thereto, with the SEC within the time 
required by the Exchange Act, relating to the transactions contemplated by, 
and describing the material terms and conditions of, the Transaction 
Documents (the “Current Report”). The Company shall permit the Investor to 
review and comment upon the final pre-filing draft version of the Current 
Report at least two (2) Trading Days prior to its filing with the SEC, and 
the Company shall give reasonable consideration to all such comments. The 
Investor shall use its reasonable best efforts to comment upon the final 
pre-filing draft version of the Current Report within one (1) Trading Day 
from the date the Investor receives it from the Company. The Company shall 
also file with the SEC, within thirty (30) calendar days from the date 
hereof, a new registration statement (the “Registration Statement”) 
covering only the resale of the Put Shares, as well as the Underlying 
Shares (if the Underlying Shares are able to be included in such 
Registration Statement). The Company shall use its best efforts to cause 
the Registration Statement to become effective within ninety (90) calendar 
days from the date hereof.
 
ARTICLE VII
CONDITIONS TO DELIVERY OF
PUT NOTICES AND CONDITIONS TO CLOSING
 
Section 7.1 CONDITIONS PRECEDENT TO THE RIGHT OF THE COMPANY TO ISSUE AND 
SELL PUT SHARES. The right of the Company to issue and sell the Put Shares 
to the Investor is subject to the satisfaction of each of the conditions 
set forth below:
 
(a)             ACCURACY OF INVESTOR’S REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES. The 
representations and warranties of the Investor shall be true and correct in 
all material respects as of the date of this Agreement and as of the date 
of each Closing as though made at each such time.
 
(b)             PERFORMANCE BY INVESTOR. Investor shall have performed, 
satisfied and complied in all respects with all covenants, agreements and 
conditions required by this Agreement to be performed, satisfied or 
complied with by the Investor at or prior to such Closing.
 

  	13 	 

 

 
(c)       PRINCIPAL MARKET REGULATION. The Company shall not issue any Put 
Shares, and the Investor shall not have the right to receive any Put 
Shares, if the issuance of such Put Shares would exceed the aggregate 
number of shares of Common Stock which the Company may issue without 
breaching the Company’s obligations under the rules or regulations of the 
Principal Market (the “Exchange Cap”).
 
Section 7.2 CONDITIONS PRECEDENT TO THE OBLIGATION OF INVESTOR TO PURCHASE 
PUT SHARES. The obligation of the Investor hereunder to purchase Put Shares 
is subject to the satisfaction of each of the following conditions:
 
(a)             EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT. The Registration 
Statement, and any amendment or supplement thereto, shall remain effective 
for the resale by the Investor of the Put Shares and the Underlying Shares 
and (i) neither the Company nor the Investor shall have received notice 
that the SEC has issued or intends to issue a stop order with respect to 
such Registration Statement or that the SEC otherwise has suspended or 
withdrawn the effectiveness of such Registration Statement, either 
temporarily or permanently, or intends or has threatened to do so and (ii) 
no other suspension of the use of, or withdrawal of the effectiveness of, 
such Registration Statement or related prospectus shall exist.
 
(b)             ACCURACY OF THE COMPANY’S REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES. 
The representations and warranties of the Company shall be true and correct 
in all material respects as of the date of this Agreement and as of the 
date of each Closing (except for representations and warranties 
specifically made as of a particular date).
 
(c)             PERFORMANCE BY THE COMPANY. The Company shall have 
performed, satisfied and complied in all material respects with all 
covenants, agreements and conditions required by this Agreement to be 
performed, satisfied or complied with by the Company.
 
(d)             NO INJUNCTION. No statute, rule, regulation, executive 
order, decree, ruling or injunction shall have been enacted, entered, 
promulgated or adopted by any court or governmental authority of competent 
jurisdiction that prohibits or directly and materially adversely affects 
any of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents, and no 
proceeding shall have been commenced that may have the effect of 
prohibiting or materially adversely affecting any of the transactions 
contemplated by the Transaction Documents.
 
(e)             ADVERSE CHANGES. Since the date of filing of the Company’s 
most recent SEC Document, no event that had or is reasonably likely to have 
a Material Adverse Effect has occurred.
 
(f)              NO SUSPENSION OF TRADING IN OR DELISTING OF COMMON STOCK. 
The trading of the Common Stock shall not have been suspended by the SEC, 
the Principal Market or FINRA, or otherwise halted for any reason, and the 
Common Stock shall have been approved for listing or quotation on and shall 
not have been delisted from the Principal Market. In the event of a 
suspension, delisting, or halting for any reason, of the trading of the 
Common Stock, as contemplated by this Section 7.2(f), the Investor shall 
have the right to return to the Company any remaining amount of Put Shares 
associated with such Put, and the Purchase Price with respect to such Put 
shall be reduced accordingly.
 

  	14 	 

 

 
(g)             BENEFICIAL OWNERSHIP LIMITATION. The number of Put Shares 
then to be purchased by the Investor shall not exceed the number of such 
shares that, when aggregated with all other shares of Common Stock then 
owned by the Investor beneficially or deemed beneficially owned by the 
Investor, would result in the Investor owning more than the Beneficial 
Ownership Limitation (as defined below), as determined in accordance with 
Section 16 of the Exchange Act and the regulations promulgated thereunder. 
For purposes of this Section 7.2(g), in the event that the amount of Common 
Stock outstanding, as determined in accordance with Section 16 of the 
Exchange Act and the regulations promulgated thereunder, is greater on a 
Closing Date than on the date upon which the Put Notice associated with 
such Closing Date is given, the amount of Common Stock outstanding on such 
Closing Date shall govern for purposes of determining whether the Investor, 
when aggregating all purchases of Common Stock made pursuant to this 
Agreement, would own more than the Beneficial Ownership Limitation 
following such Closing Date. The “Beneficial Ownership Limitation” shall be 
4.99% of the number of shares of the Common Stock outstanding immediately 
after giving effect to the issuance of shares of Common Stock issuable 
pursuant to a Put Notice.
 
(h)             PRINCIPAL MARKET REGULATION. The issuance of the Put Shares 
shall not exceed the Exchange Cap.
 
(i)               NO KNOWLEDGE. The Company shall have no knowledge of any 
event more likely than not to have the effect of causing the Registration 
Statement to be suspended or otherwise ineffective (which event is more 
likely than not to occur within the fifteen (15) Trading Days following the 
Trading Day on which such Put Notice is deemed delivered).
 
(j)               NO VIOLATION OF SHAREHOLDER APPROVAL REQUIREMENT. The 
issuance of the Put Shares shall not violate the shareholder approval 
requirements of the Principal Market.
 
(k)              OFFICER’S CERTIFICATE. On the date of delivery of each Put 
Notice, the Investor shall have received the Closing Certificate executed 
by an executive officer of the Company and to the effect that all the 
conditions to such Closing shall have been satisfied as of the date of each 
such certificate.
 
(l)               DWAC ELIGIBLE. The Common Stock must be DWAC Eligible and 
not subject to a “DTC chill.”
 
(m)             SEC DOCUMENTS. All reports, schedules, registrations, 
forms, statements, information and other documents required to have been 
filed by the Company with the SEC pursuant to the reporting requirements of 
the Exchange Act shall have been filed with the SEC within the applicable 
time periods prescribed for such filings under the Exchange Act.
 

  	15 	 

 

 
(n)             TRANSFER AGENT INSTRUCTION LETTER. The Transfer Agent 
Instruction Letter shall have been executed and delivered by the Company to 
the Transfer Agent and acknowledged and agreed to in writing by the 
Transfer Agent.
 
(o)             RESERVE. The Company shall have reserved sufficient shares 
of its Common Stock for the Investor, pursuant to the terms of this 
Agreement and all other contracts between the Company and Investor.
 
(p)             TRUE-UP RESERVE. The Company shall not have the right to 
deliver a Put Notice to Investor if the registered shares of Common Stock 
reserved by the Company’s transfer agent for issuance of the Put Shares and 
Additional Shares hereunder is less than 200% of the amount of Put Shares 
identified in the respective Put Notice.
 
ARTICLE VIII
LEGENDS
 
Section 8.1 NO RESTRICTIVE STOCK LEGEND. No restrictive stock legend shall 
be placed on the share certificates representing the Put Shares.
 
Section 8.2 INVESTOR’S COMPLIANCE. Nothing in this Article VIII shall 
affect in any way the Investor’s obligations hereunder to comply with all 
applicable securities laws upon the sale of the Common Stock.
 
ARTICLE IX
 
NOTICES; INDEMNIFICATION
 
Section 9.1 NOTICES. All notices, demands, requests, consents, approvals, 
and other communications required or permitted hereunder shall be in 
writing and, unless otherwise specified herein, shall be (a) personally 
served, (b) deposited in the mail, registered or certified, return receipt 
requested, postage prepaid, (c) delivered by reputable air courier service 
with charges prepaid, or (d) transmitted by hand delivery, telegram, or 
email as a PDF, addressed as set forth below or to such other address as 
such party shall have specified most recently by written notice given in 
accordance herewith. Any notice or other communication required or 
permitted to be given hereunder shall be deemed effective (i) upon hand 
delivery or delivery by email at the address designated below (if delivered 
on a business day during normal business hours where such notice is to be 
received), or the first business day following such delivery (if delivered 
other than on a business day during normal business hours where such notice 
is to be received) or (ii) on the second business day following the date of 
mailing by express courier service or on the fifth business day after 
deposited in the mail, in each case, fully prepaid, addressed to such 
address, or upon actual receipt of such mailing, whichever shall first 
occur.
 

  	16 	 

 

 
The addresses for such communications shall be:
 
If to the Company:
 
NIGHTFOOD HOLDINGS, INC.
 
520 White Plains Road, Suite 500
Tarrytown, NY 10591
E-mail: Nightfood@nightfood.com
 
If to the Investor:
 
BLACK FOREST CAPITAL, LLC
81 Prospect St.
Brooklyn, NY 11201
Email: Contact@BlackForest.Capital
 
Either party hereto may from time to time change its address or email for 
notices under this Section 9.1 by giving at least ten (10) days’ prior 
written notice of such changed address to the other party hereto.
 
Section 9.2 INDEMNIFICATION. Each party (an “Indemnifying Party”) agrees to 
indemnify and hold harmless the other party along with its officers, 
directors, employees, and authorized agents, and each Person or entity, if 
any, who controls such party within the meaning of Section 15 of the 
Securities Act or Section 20 of the Exchange Act (an “Indemnified Party”) 
from and against any Damages, joint or several, and any action in respect 
thereof to which the Indemnified Party becomes subject to, resulting from, 
arising out of or relating to (i) any misrepresentation, breach of warranty 
or nonfulfillment of or failure to perform any covenant or agreement on the 
part of the Indemnifying Party contained in this Agreement, (ii) any untrue 
statement or alleged untrue statement of a material fact contained in the 
Registration Statement or any post-effective amendment thereof or 
supplement thereto, or the omission or alleged omission therefrom of a 
material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the 
statements therein not misleading, (iii) any untrue statement or alleged 
untrue statement of a material fact contained in any preliminary prospectus 
or contained in the final prospectus (as amended or supplemented, if the 
Company files any amendment thereof or supplement thereto with the SEC) or 
the omission or alleged omission to state therein any material fact 
necessary to make the statements made therein, in the light of the 
circumstances under which the statements therein were made, not misleading, 
or (iv) any violation or alleged violation by the Company of the Securities 
Act, the Exchange Act, any state securities law or any rule or regulation 
under the Securities Act, the Exchange Act or any state securities law, as 
such Damages are incurred, except to the extent such Damages result 
primarily from the Indemnified Party’s failure to perform any covenant or 
agreement contained in this Agreement or the Indemnified Party’s 
negligence, recklessness or bad faith in performing its obligations under 
this Agreement; provided, however, that the foregoing indemnity agreement 
shall not apply to any Damages of an Indemnified Party to the extent, but 
only to the extent, arising out of or based upon any untrue statement or 
alleged untrue statement or omission or alleged omission made by an 
Indemnifying Party in reliance upon and in conformity with written 
information furnished to the Indemnifying Party by the Indemnified Party 
expressly for use in the Registration Statement, any post-effective 
amendment thereof or supplement thereto, or any preliminary prospectus or 
final prospectus (as amended or supplemented).
 

  	17 	 

 

 
Section 9.3 METHOD OF ASSERTING INDEMNIFICATION CLAIMS. All claims for 
indemnification by any Indemnified Party under Section 9.2 shall be 
asserted and resolved as follows:
 
(a)              In the event any claim or demand in respect of which an 
Indemnified Party might seek indemnity under Section 9.2 is asserted 
against or sought to be collected from such Indemnified Party by a Person 
other than a party hereto or an affiliate thereof (a “Third Party Claim”), 
the Indemnified Party shall deliver a written notification, enclosing a 
copy of all papers served, if any, and specifying the nature of and basis 
for such Third Party Claim and for the Indemnified Party’s claim for 
indemnification that is being asserted under any provision of Section 9.2 
against an Indemnifying Party, together with the amount or, if not then 
reasonably ascertainable, the estimated amount, determined in good faith, 
of such Third Party Claim (a “Claim Notice”) with reasonable promptness to 
the Indemnifying Party. If the Indemnified Party fails to provide the Claim 
Notice with reasonable promptness after the Indemnified Party receives 
notice of such Third Party Claim, the Indemnifying Party shall not be 
obligated to indemnify the Indemnified Party with respect to such Third 
Party Claim to the extent that the Indemnifying Party’s ability to defend 
has been prejudiced by such failure of the Indemnified Party. The 
Indemnifying Party shall notify the Indemnified Party as soon as 
practicable within the period ending thirty (30) calendar days following 
receipt by the Indemnifying Party of either a Claim Notice or an Indemnity 
Notice (as defined below) (the “Dispute Period”) whether the Indemnifying 
Party disputes its liability or the amount of its liability to the 
Indemnified Party under Section 9.2 and whether the Indemnifying Party 
desires, at its sole cost and expense, to defend the Indemnified Party 
against such Third Party Claim.
 
(i)              If the Indemnifying Party notifies the Indemnified Party 
within the Dispute Period that the Indemnifying Party desires to defend the 
Indemnified Party with respect to the Third Party Claim pursuant to this 
Section 9.3(a), then the Indemnifying Party shall have the right to defend, 
with counsel reasonably satisfactory to the Indemnified Party, at the sole 
cost and expense of the Indemnifying Party, such Third Party Claim by all 
appropriate proceedings, which proceedings shall be vigorously and 
diligently prosecuted by the Indemnifying Party to a final conclusion or 
will be settled at the discretion of the Indemnifying Party (but only with 
the consent of the Indemnified Party in the case of any settlement that 
provides for any relief other than the payment of monetary damages or that 
provides for the payment of monetary damages as to which the Indemnified 
Party shall not be indemnified in full pursuant to Section 9.2). The 
Indemnifying Party shall have full control of such defense and proceedings, 
including any compromise or settlement thereof; provided, however, that the 
Indemnified Party may, at the sole cost and expense of the Indemnified 
Party, at any time prior to the Indemnifying Party’s delivery of the notice 
referred to in the first sentence of this clause (i), file any motion, 
answer or other pleadings or take any other action that the Indemnified 
Party reasonably believes to be necessary or appropriate to protect its 
interests; and provided, further, that if requested by the Indemnifying 
Party, the Indemnified Party will, at the sole cost and expense of the 
Indemnifying Party, provide reasonable cooperation to the Indemnifying 
Party in contesting any Third Party Claim that the Indemnifying Party 
elects to contest. The Indemnified Party may participate in, but not 
control, any defense or settlement of any Third Party Claim controlled by 
the Indemnifying Party pursuant to this clause (i), and except as provided 
in the preceding sentence, the Indemnified Party shall bear its own costs 
and expenses with respect to such participation. Notwithstanding the 
foregoing, the Indemnified Party may takeover the control of the defense or 
settlement of a Third Party Claim at any time if it irrevocably waives its 
right to indemnity under Section 9.2 with respect to such Third Party 
Claim.
 

  	18 	 

 

 
(ii)             If the Indemnifying Party fails to notify the Indemnified 
Party within the Dispute Period that the Indemnifying Party desires to 
defend the Third Party Claim pursuant to Section 9.3(a), or if the 
Indemnifying Party gives such notice but fails to prosecute vigorously and 
diligently or settle the Third Party Claim, or if the Indemnifying Party 
fails to give any notice whatsoever within the Dispute Period, then the 
Indemnified Party shall have the right to defend, at the sole cost and 
expense of the Indemnifying Party, the Third Party Claim by all appropriate 
proceedings, which proceedings shall be prosecuted by the Indemnified Party 
in a reasonable manner and in good faith or will be settled at the 
discretion of the Indemnified Party(with the consent of the Indemnifying 
Party, which consent will not be unreasonably withheld). The Indemnified 
Party will have full control of such defense and proceedings, including any 
compromise or settlement thereof; provided, however, that if requested by 
the Indemnified Party, the Indemnifying Party will, at the sole cost and 
expense of the Indemnifying Party, provide reasonable cooperation to the 
Indemnified Party and its counsel in contesting any Third Party Claim which 
the Indemnified Party is contesting. Notwithstanding the foregoing 
provisions of this clause (ii), if the Indemnifying Party has notified the 
Indemnified Party within the Dispute Period that the Indemnifying Party 
disputes its liability or the amount of its liability hereunder to the 
Indemnified Party with respect to such Third Party Claim and if such 
dispute is resolved in favor of the Indemnifying Party in the manner 
provided in clause (iii) below, the Indemnifying Party will not be required 
to bear the costs and expenses of the Indemnified Party’s defense pursuant 
to this clause (ii) or of the Indemnifying Party’s participation therein at 
the Indemnified Party’s request, and the Indemnified Party shall reimburse 
the Indemnifying Party in full for all reasonable costs and expenses 
incurred by the Indemnifying Party in connection with such litigation. The 
Indemnifying Party may participate in, but not control, any defense or 
settlement controlled by the Indemnified Party pursuant to this clause 
(ii), and the Indemnifying Party shall bear its own costs and expenses with 
respect to such participation.
 
(iii)            If the Indemnifying Party notifies the Indemnified Party 
that it does not dispute its liability or the amount of its liability to 
the Indemnified Party with respect to the Third Party Claim under Section 
9.2 or fails to notify the Indemnified Party within the Dispute Period 
whether the Indemnifying Party disputes its liability or the amount of its 
liability to the Indemnified Party with respect to such Third Party Claim, 
the amount of Damages specified in the Claim Notice shall be conclusively 
deemed a liability of the Indemnifying Party under Section 9.2 and the 
Indemnifying Party shall pay the amount of such Damages to the Indemnified 
Party on demand. If the Indemnifying Party has timely disputed its 
liability or the amount of its liability with respect to such claim, the 
Indemnifying Party and the Indemnified Party shall proceed in good faith to 
negotiate a resolution of such dispute; provided, however, that if the 
dispute is not resolved within thirty (30) days after the Claim Notice, the 
Indemnifying Party shall be entitled to institute such legal action as it 
deems appropriate.
 

  	19 	 

 

 
(b)             In the event any Indemnified Party should have a claim 
under Section 9.2 against the Indemnifying Party that does not involve a 
Third Party Claim, the Indemnified Party shall deliver a written 
notification of a claim for indemnity under Section 9.2 specifying the 
nature of and basis for such claim, together with the amount or, if not 
then reasonably ascertainable, the estimated amount, determined in good 
faith, of such claim (an "Indemnity Notice") with reasonable promptness to 
the Indemnifying Party. The failure by any Indemnified Party to give the 
Indemnity Notice shall not impair such party's rights hereunder except to 
the extent that the Indemnifying Party demonstrates that it has been 
irreparably prejudiced thereby. If the Indemnifying Party notifies the 
Indemnified Party that it does not dispute the claim or the amount of the 
claim described in such Indemnity Notice or fails to notify the Indemnified 
Party within the Dispute Period whether the Indemnifying Party disputes the 
claim or the amount of the claim described in such Indemnity Notice, the 
amount of Damages specified in the Indemnity Notice will be conclusively 
deemed a liability of the Indemnifying Party under Section 9.2 and the 
Indemnifying Party shall pay the amount of such Damages to the Indemnified 
Party on demand. If the Indemnifying Party has timely disputed its 
liability or the amount of its liability with respect to such claim, the 
Indemnifying Party and the Indemnified Party shall proceed in good faith to 
negotiate a resolution of such dispute; provided, however, that if the 
dispute is not resolved within thirty (30) days after the Claim Notice, the 
Indemnifying Party shall be entitled to institute such legal action as it 
deems appropriate.
 
(c)            The Indemnifying Party agrees to pay the Indemnified Party, 
promptly as such expenses are incurred and are due and payable, for any 
reasonable legal fees or other reasonable expenses incurred by them in 
connection with investigating or defending any such Claim.
 
(d)            The indemnity provisions contained herein shall be in 
addition to (i) any cause of action or similar rights of the Indemnified 
Party against the Indemnifying Party or others, and (ii) any liabilities 
the Indemnifying Party may be subject to.
 
ARTICLE X
 
MISCELLANEOUS
 
Section 10.1 GOVERNING LAW; JURISDICTION. This Agreement shall be governed 
by and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the State of New York 
without regard to the principles of conflicts of law. Each of the Company 
and the Investor hereby submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the United 
States federal and state courts located in the City of New York, with 
respect to any dispute arising under the Transaction Documents or the 
transactions contemplated thereby.
 
Section 10.2 JURY TRIAL WAIVER. The Company and the Investor hereby waive a 
trial by jury in any action, proceeding or counterclaim brought by either 
of the parties hereto against the other in respect of any matter arising 
out of or in connection with the Transaction Documents.
 
Section 10.3 ASSIGNMENT. This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to 
the benefit of the Company and the Investor and their respective 
successors. Neither this Agreement nor any rights of the Investor or the 
Company hereunder may be assigned by either party to any other Person.
 

  	20 	 

 

 
Section 10.4 NO THIRD PARTY BENEFICIARIES. This Agreement is intended for 
the benefit of the Company and the Investor and their respective 
successors, and is not for the benefit of, nor may any provision hereof be 
enforced by, any other Person, except as set forth in Section 9.3.
 
Section 10.5 TERMINATION. The Company may terminate this Agreement at any 
time by written notice to the Investor, except during any Valuation Period. 
In addition, this Agreement shall automatically terminate on the earlier of 
(i) the end of the Commitment Period; (ii) the date that the Company sells 
and the Investor purchases the Maximum Commitment Amount; (iii) the date in 
which the Registration Statement is no longer effective; or (iv) the date 
that, pursuant to or within the meaning of any Bankruptcy Law, the Company 
commences a voluntary case or any Person commences a proceeding against the 
Company, a Custodian is appointed for the Company or for all or 
substantially all of its property or the Company makes a general assignment 
for the benefit of its creditors; provided, however, that the provisions of 
Articles III, IV, V, VI, IX and the agreements and covenants of the Company 
and the Investor set forth in Article X shall survive the termination of 
this Agreement.
 
Section 10.6 ENTIRE AGREEMENT. The Transaction Documents, together with the 
exhibits and schedules thereto, contain the entire understanding of the 
Company and the Investor with respect to the matters covered herein and 
therein and supersede all prior agreements and understandings, oral or 
written, with respect to such matters, which the parties acknowledge have 
been merged into such documents, exhibits and schedules.
 
Section 10.7 FEES AND EXPENSES. Except as expressly set forth in the 
Transaction Documents or any other writing to the contrary, each party 
shall pay the fees and expenses of its advisers, counsel, accountants and 
other experts, if any, and all other expenses incurred by such party 
incident to the negotiation, preparation, execution, delivery and 
performance of this Agreement. The Company shall pay all Transfer Agent 
fees (including, without limitation, any fees required for same-day 
processing of any instruction letter delivered by the Company), stamp taxes 
and other taxes and duties levied in connection with the delivery of any 
Securities to the Investor. The Commitment Note shall be earned in full 
upon the execution of the Term Sheet, and the Commitment Note is not 
contingent upon any other event or condition, including but not limited to 
the effectiveness of the Registration Statement or the Company’s submission 
of a Put Notice to the Investor.
 
Section 10.8 COUNTERPARTS. This Agreement may be executed in multiple 
counterparts, each of which may be executed by less than all of the parties 
and shall be deemed to be an original instrument which shall be enforceable 
against the parties actually executing such counterparts and all of which 
together shall constitute one and the same instrument. This Agreement may 
be delivered to the other parties hereto by email of a copy of this 
Agreement bearing the signature of the parties so delivering this 
Agreement.
 
Section 10.9 SEVERABILITY. In the event that any provision of this 
Agreement becomes or is declared by a court of competent jurisdiction to be 
illegal, unenforceable or void, this Agreement shall continue in full force 
and effect without said provision; provided that such severability shall be 
ineffective if it materially changes the economic benefit of this Agreement 
to any party.
 

  	21 	 

 

 
Section 10.10 FURTHER ASSURANCES. Each party shall do and perform, or cause 
to be done and performed, all such further acts and things, and shall 
execute and deliver all such other agreements, certificates, instruments 
and documents, as the other party may reasonably request in order to carry 
out the intent and accomplish the purposes of this Agreement and the 
consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby.
 
Section 10.11 NO STRICT CONSTRUCTION. The language used in this Agreement 
will be deemed to be the language chosen by the parties to express their 
mutual intent, and no rules of strict construction will be applied against 
any party.
 
Section 10.12 EQUITABLE RELIEF. The Company recognizes that in the event 
that it fails to perform, observe, or discharge any or all of its 
obligations under this Agreement, any remedy at law may prove to be 
inadequate relief to the Investor. The Company therefore agrees that the 
Investor shall be entitled to temporary and permanent injunctive relief in 
any such case without the necessity of proving actual damages.
 
Section 10.13 TITLE AND SUBTITLES. The titles and subtitles used in this 
Agreement are used for the convenience of reference and are not to be 
considered in construing or interpreting this Agreement.
 
Section 10.14 AMENDMENTS; WAIVERS. No provision of this Agreement may be 
amended or waived by the parties from and after the date that is one (1) 
Trading Day immediately preceding the initial filing of the Registration 
Statement with the SEC. Subject to the immediately preceding sentence, (i) 
no provision of this Agreement may be amended other than by a written 
instrument signed by both parties hereto and (ii) no provision of this 
Agreement may be waived other than in a written instrument signed by the 
party against whom enforcement of such waiver is sought. No failure or 
delay in the exercise of any power, right or privilege hereunder shall 
operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise of 
any such power, right or privilege preclude other or further exercise 
thereof or of any other right, power or privilege.
 
Section 10.15 PUBLICITY. The Company and the Investor shall consult with 
each other in issuing any press releases or otherwise making public 
statements with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby and no 
party shall issue any such press release or otherwise make any such public 
statement, other than as required by law, without the prior written consent 
of the other parties, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or 
delayed, except that no prior consent shall be required if such disclosure 
is required by law, in which such case the disclosing party shall provide 
the other party with prior notice of such public statement. Notwithstanding 
the foregoing, the Company shall not publicly disclose the name of the 
Investor without the prior written consent of the Investor, except to the 
extent required by law. The Investor acknowledges that this Agreement and 
all or part of the Transaction Documents may be deemed to be “material 
contracts,” as that term is defined by Item 601(b)(10) of Regulation S-K, 
and that the Company may therefore be required to file such documents as 
exhibits to reports or registration statements filed under the Securities 
Act or the Exchange Act. The Investor further agrees that the status of 
such documents and materials as material contracts shall be determined 
solely by the Company, in consultation with its counsel.
 
[Signature Page Follows]
 

  	22 	 

 

 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have caused this Agreement to be duly 
executed by their respective officers thereunto duly authorized as of the 
day and year first above written.
 
  	NIGHTFOOD HOLDINGS, INC.
  	  	 
  	By: 	/s/ Sean Folkson
  	Name: 	Sean Folkson
  	Title: 	Chief Executive Officer
  	  	 
  	BLACK FOREST CAPITAL, LLC
  	  	 
  	By: 	/s/ Max Riccio
  	Name: 	Max Riccio
  	Title: 	Authorized Signer
 
[Signature Page to equity purchase agreement]
 

 

 
DISCLOSURE SCHEDULES TO
EQUITY PURCHASE AGREEMENT
                 
Schedule 4.3 – Capitalization
 
None.
 
Schedule 4.5 – SEC Documents
 
None.
 
Schedule 4.9 – Litigation
 
None.
 
Schedule 4.10 – Registration Rights
 
None.
 

 

 
EXHIBIT A
 
FORM OF PUT NOTICE
 
TO: BLACK FOREST CAPITAL, LLC
DATE:                                          
 
We refer to the equity purchase agreement, dated February 8, 2017 (the 
“Agreement”), entered into by and between Nightfood Holdings, Inc. and you. 
Capitalized terms defined in the Agreement shall, unless otherwise defined 
herein, have the same meaning when used herein.
 
We hereby:
 
1) Give you notice that we require you to purchase ____________	Put Shares 
based on an initial put amount of $____________	(the actual Purchase Price 
to be received by the Company shall be calculated at the end of the 
Valuation Period); and
 
2) Certify that, as of the date hereof, the conditions set forth in 
Agreement, including but not limited to Section 7.2, are satisfied.
 
  	NIGHTFOOD HOLDINGS, INC.
  	  	 
  	By: 	 
  	Name: 	Sean Folkson
  	Title: 	Chief Executive Officer
 

 

 
EXHIBIT B
 
FORM OF OFFICER’S CERTIFICATE
OF NIGHTFOOD HOLDINGS, INC.
 
Pursuant to Section 7.2(k) of that certain equity purchase agreement, dated 
February 8, 2017 (the “Agreement”), by and between Nightfood Holdings, Inc. 
(the “Company”) and Black Forest Capital, LLC (the “Investor”), the 
undersigned, in his capacity as Chief Executive Officer of the Company, and 
not in his individual capacity, hereby certifies, as of the date hereof 
(such date, the “Condition Satisfaction Date”), the following:
 
1.       The representations and warranties of the Company are true and 
correct in all material respects as of the Condition Satisfaction Date as 
though made on the Condition Satisfaction Date (except for representations 
and warranties specifically made as of a particular date) with respect to 
all periods, and as to all events and circumstances occurring or existing 
to and including the Condition Satisfaction Date, except for any conditions 
which have temporarily caused any representations or warranties of the 
Company set forth in the Agreement to be incorrect and which have been 
corrected with no continuing impairment to the Company or the Investor; and
 
2.       All of the conditions precedent to the obligation of the Investor 
to purchase Put Shares set forth in the Agreement, including but not 
limited to Section 7.2 of the Agreement, have been satisfied as of the 
Condition Satisfaction Date.
 
Capitalized terms used herein shall have the meanings set forth in the 
Agreement unless otherwise defined herein.
 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has hereunto affixed his hand as of the 
February 8, 2017.
 
  	By: 	 
  	Name: 	Sean Folkson
  	Title: 	Chief Executive Officer
 

 

 
EXHIBIT C
 
COMMITMENT NOTE
 

 

 
EXHIBIT D
 
FORM OF TRANSFER AGENT INSTRUCTION LETTER
   

 

 
EXHIBIT E
 
Date: __________________
 
[COMPANY]
 
[ADDRESS]
 
TRUE-UP NOTICE
 
The Investor hereby gives notice to Nightfood Holdings, Inc., a Nevada 
corporation (the “Company”), pursuant to that certain Equity Purchase 
Agreement dated February 8, 2017, by and between the Company and the 
Investor (the “Purchase Agreement”), that the Investor elects to receive 
fully paid and non-assessable Additional Shares pursuant to the Purchase 
Agreement. Such Additional Shares shall be calculated as set forth below.
 
A.       True-Up Price: _______
 
B.       Purchase Price: _______
 
C.       Put Shares: _______
 
D.       Additional Shares to be Issued: _______
      
Please transfer the Additional Shares electronically (via DWAC) to the 
following account:
 
Broker: 	Address: 	 
DTC#: 	  	 
Account #: 	  	 
Account Name: Black Forest Capital, LLC 	  	 
 
To the extent the Additional Shares are not able to be delivered to the 
Investor electronically via the DWAC system, please deliver a certificate 
representing all such shares to the Investor via reputable overnight 
courier after receipt of this True-Up Notice (by facsimile transmission or 
otherwise) to:
 
  	  	 
  	  	 
  	  	 
 
Sincerely,
 
Black Forest Capital, LLC
 
By: 	  	 
Name: 	  	 
Title: 	  	 
 
 
 
 
 