 EX-10 3 exhibit1029.htm EXHIBIT 10.29
EXHIBIT 10.29
 

AMENDED AND RESTATED
REVOLVING CREDIT AGREEMENT

dated as of November 7, 2016,

among

VORNADO REALTY L.P.,
as Borrower,


THE BANKS SIGNATORY HERETO,
each as a Bank,


JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A.,
as Administrative Agent,


BANK OF AMERICA, N.A. and WELLS FARGO BANK, N.A.,
as Co-Syndication Agents,

and

CITIBANK, N.A.,
PNC BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION,
U.S. BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION,
BMO HARRIS BANK, N.A., GOLDMAN SACHS BANK USA,
MIZUHO BANK, LTD., MORGAN STANLEY BANK, N.A.,
BARCLAYS BANK PLC, DEUTSCHE BANK AG, NEW YORK BRANCH
and
SOCIÉTÉ GÉNÉRALE,
as Documentation Agents


JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A.,
MERRILL LYNCH, PIERCE, FENNER & SMITH INCORPORATED, and
WELLS FARGO SECURITIES LLC,
as Joint Lead Arrangers and Joint Bookrunners

CITIGROUP GLOBAL MARKETS INC., PNC CAPITAL MARKETS LLC
and
U.S. BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION,
as Joint Lead Arrangers



 


 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
TABLE OF CONTENTS
   
   
  Page

ARTICLE I

DEFINITIONS, ETC

  1

  Section 1.01.
  Definitions
  1
  Section 1.02.
  Accounting Terms
  24
  Section 1.03.
  Computation of Time Periods
  24
  Section 1.04.
  Rules of Construction
  24

ARTICLE II

THE LOANS

  24

  Section 2.01.
  Ratable Loans; Bid Rate Loans
  24
  Section 2.02.
  Bid Rate Loans
  25
  Section 2.03.
  Swingline Loan Subfacility
  28
  Section 2.04.
  Advances, Generally
  31
  Section 2.05.
  Procedures for Advances
  32
  Section 2.06.
  Interest Periods; Renewals
  32
  Section 2.07.
  Interest
  33
  Section 2.08.
  Fees
  33
  Section 2.09.
  Notes
  33
  Section 2.10.
  Prepayments
  34
  Section 2.11.
  Method of Payment
  35
  Section 2.12.
  Elections, Conversions or Continuation of Loans
  35
  Section 2.13.
  Minimum Amounts
  36
  Section 2.14.
  Certain Notices Regarding Elections, Conversions and
  Continuations of Loans
  36
  Section 2.15.
  Payments Generally
  36
  Section 2.16.
  Changes of Loan Commitments
  37
  Section 2.17.
  Letters of Credit
  38
  Section 2.18.
  Extension Option
  42

ARTICLE III

YIELD PROTECTION, ILLEGALITY, ETC

  43

  Section 3.01.
  Additional Costs
  43
  Section 3.02.
  Alternate Rate of Interest
  44
  Section 3.03.
  Illegality
  45
  Section 3.04.
  Treatment of Affected Loans
  45
  Section 3.05.
  Certain Compensation
  45
  Section 3.06.
  Capital Adequacy
  46
  Section 3.07.
  Substitution of Banks
  47
  Section 3.08.
  Obligation of Banks to Mitigate
  48

ARTICLE IV

CONDITIONS PRECEDENT

  49

  Section 4.01.
  Conditions Precedent to the Loans
  49
  Section 4.02.
  Conditions Precedent to Advances After the Initial Advance
  50
  Section 4.03.
  Deemed Representations
  51

ARTICLE V

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

  51

  Section 5.01.
  Existence
  51
  Section 5.02.
  Corporate/Partnership Powers
  52
 
 
 
-i-
 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
TABLE OF CONTENTS
   
   
Page
 
  Section 5.03.
  Power of Officers
52
  Section 5.04.
  Power and Authority; No Conflicts: Compliance With Laws
52
  Section 5.05.
  Legally Enforceable Agreements
52
  Section 5.06.
  Litigation
52
  Section 5.07.
  Good Title to Properties
53
  Section 5.08.
  Taxes
53
  Section 5.09.
  ERISA
53
  Section 5.10.
  No Default on Outstanding Judgments or Orders
53
  Section 5.11.
  No Defaults on Other Agreements
54
  Section 5.12.
  Government Regulation
54
  Section 5.13.
  Environmental Protection
54
  Section 5.14.
  Solvency
54
  Section 5.15.
  Financial Statements
54
  Section 5.16.
  Valid Existence of Affiliates
54
  Section 5.17.
  Insurance
55
  Section 5.18.
  Accuracy of Information; Full Disclosure
55
  Section 5.19.
  Use of Proceeds
55
  Section 5.20.
  Governmental Approvals
55
  Section 5.21.
  Principal Offices
56
  Section 5.22.
  General Partner Status
56
  Section 5.23.
  Labor Matters
56
  Section 5.24.
  Organizational Documents
56
  Section 5.25.
  Anti-Corruption Laws and Sanctions
56
  Section 5.26.
  EEA Financial Institutions
56

ARTICLE VI

AFFIRMATIVE COVENANTS

57

  Section 6.01.
  Maintenance of Existence
57
  Section 6.02.
  Maintenance of Records
57
  Section 6.03.
  Maintenance of Insurance
57
  Section 6.04.
  Compliance with Laws: Payment of Taxes
57
  Section 6.05.
  Right of Inspection
57
  Section 6.06.
  Compliance With Environmental Laws
58
  Section 6.07.
  Payment of Costs
58
  Section 6.08.
  Maintenance of Properties
58
  Section 6.09.
  Reporting and Miscellaneous Document Requirements
58

ARTICLE VII

NEGATIVE COVENANTS

60

  Section 7.01.
  Mergers, Etc
60
  Section 7.02.
  Distributions
61
  Section 7.03.
  Amendments to Organizational Documents
61
  Section 7.04.
  Use of Proceeds and Letters of Credit
61

ARTICLE VIII

FINANCIAL COVENANTS

62

  Section 8.01.
  [Intentionally Omitted]
62
  Section 8.02.
  Ratio of Total Outstanding Indebtedness to Capitalization Value
62
 
 
-ii-
 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
   
Page
 
  Section 8.03.
  Intentionally Omitted
62
  Section 8.04.
  Ratio of Combined EBITDA to Fixed Charges
62
  Section 8.05.
  Ratio of Unencumbered Combined EBITDA to Unsecured
   Interest Expense
62
  Section 8.06.
  Ratio of Unsecured Indebtedness to Capitalization Value of
  Unencumbered Assets
62
  Section 8.07.
  Ratio of Secured Indebtedness to Capitalization Value
63
  Section 8.08.
  Debt of the General Partner
63

ARTICLE IX

EVENTS OF DEFAULT

64

  Section 9.01.
  Events of Default
64
  Section 9.02.
  Remedies
66

ARTICLE X

ADMINISTRATIVE, AGENT, RELATIONS AMONG BANKS

66

  Section 10.01.
  Appointment, Powers and Immunities of Administrative Agent
66
  Section 10.02.
  Reliance by Administrative Agent
67
  Section 10.03.
  Defaults
67
  Section 10.04.
  Rights of Agent as a Bank
68
  Section 10.05.
  Indemnification of Agents
68
  Section 10.06.
  Non-Reliance on Agents and Other Banks
68
  Section 10.07.
  Failure of Administrative Agent to Act
69
  Section 10.08.
  Resignation or Removal of Administrative Agent
69
  Section 10.09.
  Amendments Concerning Agency Function
69
  Section 10.10.
  Liability of Administrative Agent
70
  Section 10.11.
  Transfer of Agency Function
70
  Section 10.12.
  Non-Receipt of Funds by Administrative Agent
70
  Section 10.13.
  (a)   Payments Free of Taxes
70
  Section 10.14.
  Pro Rata Treatment
74
  Section 10.15.
  Sharing of Payments Among Banks
74
  Section 10.16.
  Possession of Documents
75
  Section 10.17.
  Syndication Agents and Documentation Agents
75

ARTICLE XI

NATURE OF OBLIGATIONS

75

  Section 11.01.
  Absolute and Unconditional Obligations
75
  Section 11.02.
  Non-Recourse to VRT Principals and the General Partner
75

ARTICLE XII

MISCELLANEOUS

76

  Section 12.01.
  Binding Effect of Request for Advance
76
  Section 12.02.
  Amendments and Waivers
76
  Section 12.03.
  Survival
78
  Section 12.04.
  Expenses; Indemnification
78
  Section 12.05.
  Assignment; Participation
78
  Section 12.06.
  Documentation Satisfactory
81
  Section 12.07.
  Notices
82
  Section 12.08.
  Setoff
83
 
 
 
-iii-
 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
TABLE OF CONTENTS
   
   
Page
 
  Section 12.09.
  Table of Contents; Headings
83
  Section 12.10.
  Severability
83
  Section 12.11.
  Counterparts
84
  Section 12.12.
  Integration
84
  Section 12.13.
  Governing Law
84
  Section 12.14.
  Waivers
84
  Section 12.15.
  Jurisdiction; Immunities
84
  Section 12.16.
  Designated Lender
86
  Section 12.17.
  No Bankruptcy Proceedings
86
  Section 12.18.
  Intentionally Omitted
87
  Section 12.19.
  USA Patriot Act
87
  Section 12.20.
  Defaulting Lenders
87
  Section 12.21.
  Use for Mortgages
89
  Section 12.22.
  Bottom-Up Guaranties
90
  Section 12.23.
  Confidentiality
90
  Section 12.24.
  Transitional Arrangements
90
  Section 12.25.
  No Advisory or Fiduciary Responsibility
91
  Section 12.26.
  Acknowledgement and Consent to Bail-In of EEA Financial
  Institutions
92
 
-iv-
 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 


              SCHEDULES AND EXHIBITS


SCHEDULE 1


-


Loan Commitments
SCHEDULE 2
-
Other Investments
SCHEDULE 2.17(j)
-
Existing Letters of Credit
SCHEDULE 2A
-
General Partner Investments
SCHEDULE 3
-
General Partner – Debt
SCHEDULE 7.01
-
Other Agreements
 
 
 
EXHIBIT A
-
Authorization Letter
EXHIBIT B
-
Ratable Loan Note
EXHIBIT C
-
Bid Rate Loan Note
EXHIBIT D
-
Solvency Certificate
EXHIBIT E
-
Assignment and Assumption Agreement
EXHIBIT F
-
List of Material Affiliates
EXHIBIT G-1
-
Bid Rate Quote Request
EXHIBIT G-2
-
Invitation for Bid Rate Quotes
EXHIBIT G-3
-
Bid Rate Quote
EXHIBIT G-4
-
Acceptance of Bid Rate Quote
EXHIBIT H
-
Designation Agreement
EXHIBIT I
-
Labor Matters
EXHIBIT J

-

Tax Compliance Certificates

 
-i-
 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
AMENDED AND RESTATED REVOLVING CREDIT AGREEMENT (this “Agreement”) dated as 
of November 7, 2016 among VORNADO REALTY L.P., a limited partnership 
organized and existing under the laws of the State of Delaware (“Borrower
”), JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A., as agent for the Banks (in such capacity, 
together with its successors in such capacity, “Administrative Agent”), 
BANK OF AMERICA, N.A. and WELLS FARGO BANK, N.A., as Co-Syndication Agents, 
the Persons listed on the cover sheet hereto as “Documentation Agents”, and 
JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A., in its individual capacity and not as 
Administrative Agent, and the other lenders signatory hereto (said lenders 
signatory hereto and the lenders who from time to time become Banks 
pursuant to Section 3.07 or 12.05 and, if applicable, any of the foregoing 
lenders’ Designated Lenders, each a “Bank” and collectively, the “Banks”). 

WHEREAS, the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and certain of the Banks 
are parties to a Revolving Credit Agreement dated as of June 8, 2011, as 
amended by Amendment No. 1 to Revolving Credit Agreement dated as of March 
28, 2013 and Amendment No. 2 to Revolving Credit Agreement dated as of 
April 2, 2015 (as so amended, the “Existing 2011 Credit Agreement”), 
pursuant to which such Banks made available to the Borrower a revolving 
line of credit in the amount of One Billion Two Hundred Fifty Million 
Dollars ($1,250,000,000), which may be increased to One Billion Seven 
Hundred Fifty Million Dollars ($1,750,000,000);

WHEREAS, the Borrower has requested that the Administrative Agent and the 
Banks amend and restate the Existing 2011 Credit Agreement in its entirety, 
and the Administrative Agent and the Banks are willing to so amend and 
restate the Existing 2011 Credit Agreement in its entirety as set forth 
herein;

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and the mutual agreements, 
covenants and conditions hereinafter set forth, Borrower, the 
Administrative Agent and each of the Banks agree to amend and restate the 
Existing 2011 Credit Agreement in its entirety as follows:

Article I

DEFINITIONS; ETC.

Section 1.01.  Definitions. As used in this Agreement the following terms 
have the following meanings (except as otherwise provided, terms defined in 
the singular have a correlative meaning when used in the plural, and vice 
versa): 

“Additional Costs” has the meaning specified in Section 3.01.

“Administrative Agent” has the meaning specified in the preamble.

“Administrative Agent’s Office” means Administrative Agent’s office located 
at 270 Park Avenue, New York, New York 10017, or such other office in the 
United States as Administrative Agent may designate by written notice to 
Borrower and the Banks.

“Administrative Questionnaire” means an Administrative Questionnaire in a 
form supplied by the Administrative Agent.

 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
“Affected Bank” has the meaning specified in Section 3.07.

“Affected Loan” has the meaning specified in Section 3.04.

“Affiliate” means, with respect to any Person (the “first Person”), any 
other Person: (1) which directly or indirectly controls, or is controlled 
by, or is under common control with, the first Person. The term “control” 
means the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power, alone, to 
direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of a Person, 
whether through the ownership of voting securities, by contract, or 
otherwise.

“Agent” means, individually and collectively, Administrative Agent, each 
Syndication Agent and each Documentation Agent.

“Agreement” means this Amended and Restated Revolving Credit Agreement.

“Anti-Corruption Laws” means all laws, rules, and regulations of any 
jurisdiction applicable to the Borrower or any of its Affiliates from time 
to time concerning or relating to bribery or corruption or money 
laundering.

“Applicable Lending Office” means, for each Bank and for its LIBOR Loan, 
Bid Rate Loan(s), Base Rate Loan or Swingline Loan, as applicable, the 
lending office of such Bank (or of an Affiliate of such Bank) designated as 
such on its signature page hereof or in the applicable Assignment and 
Assumption Agreement, or such other office of such Bank (or of an Affiliate 
of such Bank) as such Bank may from time to time specify to Administrative 
Agent and Borrower as the office by which its LIBOR Loan, Bid Rate Loan(s), 
Base Rate Loan or Swingline Loan, as applicable, is to be made and 
maintained.

“Applicable Margin” means, with respect to Base Rate Loans and LIBOR Loans, 
the respective percentages per annum determined, at any time, based on the 
range into which any Credit Rating then falls, in accordance with the table 
set forth below. Any change in any Credit Rating causing it to move to a 
different range on the table shall effect an immediate change in the 
Applicable Margin as of the day of such change.  Borrower shall have not 
less than two (2) Credit Ratings at all times, one of which shall be from 
S&P or Moody’s.  In the event that Borrower receives only two (2) Credit 
Ratings, and such Credit Ratings are not equivalent, the Applicable Margin 
shall be the higher of the two Credit Ratings. In the event that Borrower 
receives more than two (2) Credit Ratings, and such Credit Ratings are not 
all equivalent, the Applicable Margin shall be (A) if the difference 
between the highest and the lowest such Credit Ratings is one ratings 
category (e.g. Baa2 by Moody’s and BBB- by S&P or Fitch), the Applicable 
Margin shall be the rate per annum that would be applicable if the highest 
of the Credit Ratings were used; and (B) if the difference between the 
highest and the lowest such Credit Ratings is two ratings categories (e.g. 
Baa1 by Moody’s and BBB- by S&P or Fitch) or more, the Applicable Margin 
shall be the rate per annum that would be applicable if the average of the 
two (2) highest Credit Ratings were used, provided that if such average is 
not a recognized rating category (i.e., the difference between the Credit 
Ratings is an even number of ratings categories), then the Applicable 
Margin shall be based on the lower of the two (2) highest Credit Ratings.

2
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
Borrower’s Credit Rating
(S&P/Moody’s Ratings)
Applicable Margin
for Base Rate Loans
(% per annum)
Applicable Margin
for LIBOR Loans
(% per annum)
 
 
A-/A3 or higher
0.000
0.850
 
 
BBB+/Baa1
0.000
0.900
 
 
BBB/Baa2
0.000
1.000
 
 
BBB-/Baa3
0.200
1.200
 
 
Below BBB-/Baa3 or unrated
0.550
1.550
 
 
“Assignee” has the meaning specified in Section 12.05(c).

“Assignment and Assumption Agreement” means an Assignment and Assumption 
Agreement, substantially in the form of EXHIBIT E, pursuant to which a Bank 
assigns and an Assignee assumes rights and obligations in accordance with 
Section 12.05.

“Authorization  Letter” means a letter agreement executed by Borrower in 
the form of EXHIBIT A.

“Available Total Loan Commitment” has the meaning specified in Section 
2.01(b).

“Bail-In Action” means the exercise of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers 
by the applicable EEA Resolution Authority in respect of any liability of 
an EEA Financial Institution.

“Bail-In Legislation” means, with respect to any EEA Member Country 
implementing Article 55 of Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament 
and of the Council of the European Union, the implementing law for such EEA 
Member Country from time to time which is described in the EU Bail-In 
Legislation Schedule.

“Bank” and “Banks” have the respective meanings specified in the preamble; 
provided, however, that the term “Bank” shall exclude each Designated 
Lender when used in reference to a Ratable Loan, the Loan Commitments or 
terms relating to the Ratable Loans and the Loan Commitments.

“Bank Affiliate” means, (a) with respect to any Bank, (i) a Person directly 
or indirectly controlling or controlled by or under direct or indirect 
common control with such Bank or (ii) any entity (whether a corporation, 
partnership, trust or otherwise) that is engaged in making, purchasing, 
holding or otherwise investing in bank loans and similar extensions of 
credit in the ordinary course of its business and is administered or 
managed by such Bank or a Person directly or indirectly controlling or 
controlled by or under direct or indirect common control with such Bank and 
(b) with respect to any Bank that is a fund which invests in bank loans and 
similar extensions of credit, any other fund that invests in bank loans and 
similar extensions of credit and is managed by the same investment advisor 
as such Bank or by a Person directly or indirectly controlling or 
controlled by or under direct or indirect common control with such 
investment advisor.

“Bank Parties” means Administrative Agent and the Banks.

“Banking Day” means (1) any day except a Saturday or Sunday on which 
commercial banks are not authorized or required to close in New York City 
and (2) whenever such day

3
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
relates to a LIBOR Loan, a Bid Rate Loan, an Interest Period with respect 
to a LIBOR Loan or a Bid Rate Loan, or notice with respect to a LIBOR Loan 
or Bid Rate Loan, a day on which dealings in Dollar deposits are carried 
out in the London interbank market and banks are open for business in 
London and New York City, and (3) in the case of Letters of Credit 
transactions for a particular Fronting Bank, any day except a Saturday or 
Sunday on which commercial banks are not authorized or required to close in 
the place where its office for issuance or administration of the pertinent 
Letter of Credit is located and in New York City.

“Bank Reply Period” has the meaning specified in Section 12.02.

“Bankruptcy Code” means Title 11 of the United States Code, entitled 
“Bankruptcy”, as amended from time to time, and any successor or statute or 
statutes.

“Bankruptcy Event” means, with respect to any Person, such Person becomes 
the subject of a bankruptcy or insolvency proceeding, or has had a 
receiver, conservator, trustee, administrator, custodian, assignee for the 
benefit of creditors or similar Person charged with the reorganization or 
liquidation of its business appointed for it, or, in the good faith 
determination of the Administrative Agent, has taken any action in 
furtherance of, or indicating its consent to, approval of, or acquiescence 
in, any such proceeding or appointment, provided that a Bankruptcy Event 
shall not result solely by virtue of any ownership interest, or the 
acquisition of any ownership interest, in such Person by a Governmental 
Authority or instrumentality thereof, provided that such ownership interest 
does not result in or provide such Person with immunity from the 
jurisdiction of courts within the United States or from the enforcement of 
judgments or writs of attachment on its assets or permit such Person (or 
such Governmental Authority or instrumentality) to reject, repudiate, 
disavow or disaffirm any contracts or agreements made by such Person.

“Banks’ L/C Fee Rate” has the meaning specified in Section 2.17(g).

“Base Rate” means, for any day, the highest of (1) the NYFRB Rate for such 
day plus one-half percent (0.50%), (2) the Prime Rate for such day, and (3) 
the LIBOR Interest Rate for such day if a LIBOR Loan with an Interest 
Period of one month were being made on such day plus one percent (1.0%); 
provided  that, for the purpose of this definition, the LIBOR Interest Rate 
for any day shall be based on the LIBO Screen Rate (or if the LIBO Screen 
Rate is not available for such one month Interest Period, the Interpolated 
Rate) at approximately 11:00 a.m. London time on such day.

“Base Rate Loan” means all or any portion (as the context requires) of a 
Bank’s Ratable Loan which shall accrue interest at a rate determined in 
relation to the Base Rate.

“Bid Borrowing Limit” has the meaning specified in Section 2.01(c).

“Bid Rate Loan” has the meaning specified in Section 2.01(c).

“Bid Rate Loan Note” has the meaning specified in Section 2.09.

“Bid Rate Quote” means an offer by a Bank to make a Bid Rate Loan in 
accordance with Section 2.02.

4
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
“Bid Rate Quote Request” has the meaning specified in Section 2.02(a).

“Borrower” has the meaning specified in the preamble.

“Borrower’s Accountants” means Deloitte LLP, any other “Big 4” accounting 
firm selected by Borrower (or a successor thereof), or such other 
accounting firm(s) selected by Borrower and reasonably acceptable to the 
Required Banks.

“Borrower’s Consolidated Financial Statements” means the consolidated 
balance sheet and related consolidated statements of operations, changes in 
equity and cash flows, and footnotes thereto, of the Borrower, in each case 
prepared in accordance with GAAP and as filed with the SEC as SEC Reports.

“Borrower’s Pro Rata Share” means an amount determined based on the pro 
rata ownership of the equity interests of a Person by Borrower and 
Borrower’s consolidated subsidiaries.

“Capitalization Value” means, at any time, the sum of (1) with respect to 
Real Property Businesses (other than UJVs), individually determined, the 
greater of (x) Combined EBITDA from such businesses (a) in the case of all 
Real Property Businesses other than hotels or trade show space, for the 
most recently ended calendar quarter, annualized (i.e., multiplied by 
four), and (b) in the case of hotels or trade show space, for the most 
recently ended four consecutive calendar quarters, in both cases, 
capitalized at a rate of 6.0% per annum, and (y) the Gross Book Value of 
such businesses; (2) with respect to Other Investments, which do not have 
publicly traded shares, the Net Equity Value of such Other Investments; (3) 
with respect to Real Property UJVs, which do not have publicly traded 
shares, individually determined, the greater of (x) Combined EBITDA from 
such Real Property UJVs (a) in the case of all Real Property UJVs other 
than those owning hotels or trade show space, for the most recently ended 
calendar quarter, annualized (i.e., multiplied by four), and (b) in the 
case of Real Property UJVs owning hotels or trade show space, for the most 
recently ended four consecutive calendar quarters, in both cases, 
capitalized at the rate of 6.0%, less Borrower’s Pro Rata Share of any 
Indebtedness attributable to such Real Property UJVs, and (y) the Net 
Equity Value of such Real Property UJVs (subject to the last sentence of 
this definition); and (4) without duplication, Borrower’s Pro Rata Share of 
Unrestricted Cash and Cash Equivalents, the book value of notes and 
mortgage loans receivable and capitalized development costs (exclusive of 
tenant improvements and tenant leasing commission costs), and the fair 
market value of publicly traded securities, at such time, all as determined 
in accordance with GAAP.  For clarity, the parties acknowledge and agree 
that the calculations pursuant to clause (1)(x) and (y) and clause (3)(x) 
and (y) above in this definition are intended to be made on a 
Real-Property-Asset-by-Real-Property-Asset basis.  For the purposes of this 
definition, (1) for any Disposition of Real Property Assets by a Real 
Property Business during any calendar quarter, Combined EBITDA will be 
reduced by actual Combined EBITDA generated from such asset or assets, (2) 
the aggregate contribution to Capitalization Value in excess of 35% of the 
total Capitalization Value from all Real Property Businesses and Other 
Investments owned by UJVs shall not be included in Capitalization Value, 
and (3) the aggregate contribution to Capitalization Value from leasing 
commissions and management and development fees in excess of 15% of 
Combined EBITDA shall not be included in Capitalization Value. To the 
extent that liabilities of a Real Property UJV are Recourse to Borrower or 
the

5
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
General Partner, then for purposes of clause (3)(y) above, the Net Equity 
Value of such Real Property UJV shall not be reduced by such Recourse 
liabilities.

“Capitalization Value of Unencumbered Assets” means, at any time, the sum 
of (1) with respect to Real Property Businesses (other than UJVs), 
individually determined, the greater of (x) Unencumbered Combined EBITDA 
from such Real Property Businesses (a) in the case of all Real Property 
Businesses other than hotels or trade show space, for the most recently 
ended calendar quarter, annualized (i.e., multiplied by four), and (b) in 
the case of hotels or trade show space, the most recently ended four 
consecutive calendar quarters, in both cases, capitalized at a rate of 6.0% 
per annum, and (y) the Gross Book Value of such businesses; (2) with 
respect to Real Property UJVs, which do not have publicly traded shares, 
individually determined, the greater of (x) the Unencumbered Combined 
EBITDA from such Real Property UJVs (a) in the case of Real Property UJVs 
other than those owning hotels or trade show space, for the most recently 
ended calendar quarter, annualized (i.e., multiplied by four), and (b) in 
the case of Real Property UJVs owning hotels or trade show space, for the 
most recently ended four consecutive calendar quarters, in both cases, 
capitalized at a rate of 6.0% per annum, and (y) the Net Equity Value of 
such Real Property UJVs; and (3) without duplication, Borrower’s Pro Rata 
Share of Unrestricted Cash and Cash Equivalents, the book value of notes 
and mortgage loans receivable and capitalized development costs (exclusive 
of tenant improvements and tenant leasing commission costs), and the fair 
market value of publicly traded securities that are Unencumbered Assets of 
Borrower, at such time, all as determined in accordance with GAAP. For the 
purposes of this definition, (1) for any Disposition of Real Property 
Assets by a Real Property Business during any calendar quarter, 
Unencumbered Combined EBITDA will be reduced by actual Unencumbered 
Combined EBITDA generated from such asset or assets, (2) the aggregate 
contribution to Capitalization Value of Unencumbered Assets in excess of 
35% of the total Capitalization Value of Unencumbered Assets from the 
aggregate of all Real Property Businesses owned by UJVs, and notes and 
mortgage loans receivable that are Unencumbered Assets at such time, as 
determined, in accordance with GAAP, shall not be included in 
Capitalization Value of Unencumbered Assets, and (3) the aggregate 
contribution to Capitalization Value of Unencumbered Assets from leasing 
commissions and management and development fees in excess of 15% of 
Unencumbered Combined EBITDA shall not be included in Capitalization Value 
of Unencumbered Assets.

“Capital Lease” means any lease which has been or should be capitalized on 
the books of the lessee in accordance with GAAP.

“Cash or Cash Equivalents” means (a) cash; (b) marketable direct 
obligations issued or unconditionally guaranteed by the United States 
Government or issued by an agency thereof and backed by the full faith and 
credit of the United States, in each case maturing within one (1) year 
after the date of acquisition thereof; (c) marketable direct obligations 
issued by any state of the United States of America or any political 
subdivision of any such state or any public instrumentality thereof 
maturing within ninety (90) days after the date of acquisition thereof and, 
at the time of acquisition, having one of the two highest ratings 
obtainable from any two of S&P, Moody’s or Fitch (or, if at any time no two 
of the foregoing shall be rating such obligations, then from such other 
nationally recognized rating services as are reasonably acceptable to 
Administrative Agent); (d) domestic corporate bonds, other than domestic 
corporate bonds issued by Borrower or any of its Affiliates, maturing no 
more than two (2) years after the date of

6
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
acquisition thereof and, at the time of acquisition, having a rating of at 
least A or the equivalent from any two (2) of S&P, Moody’s or Fitch (or, if 
at any time no two of the foregoing shall be rating such obligations, then 
from such other nationally recognized rating services as are reasonably 
acceptable to Administrative Agent); (e) variable-rate domestic corporate 
notes or medium term corporate notes, other than notes issued by Borrower 
or any of its Affiliates, maturing or resetting no more than one (1) year 
after the date of acquisition thereof and having a rating of at least A or 
the equivalent from two of S&P, Moody’s or Fitch (or, if at any time no two 
of the foregoing shall be rating such obligations, then from such other 
nationally recognized rating services as are reasonably acceptable to 
Administrative Agent); (f) commercial paper (foreign and domestic) or 
master notes, other than commercial paper or master notes issued by 
Borrower or any of its Affiliates, and, at the time of acquisition, having 
a long-term rating of at least A or the equivalent from S&P, Moody’s or 
Fitch and having a short-term rating of at least A-2 and P-2 from S&P and 
Moody’s, respectively (or, if at any time neither S&P nor Moody’s shall be 
rating such obligations, then the highest rating from such other nationally 
recognized rating services as are reasonably acceptable to Administrative 
Agent); (g) domestic and foreign certificates of deposit or domestic time 
deposits or foreign deposits or bankers’ acceptances (foreign or domestic) 
in Dollars, Hong Kong Dollars, Singapore Dollars, Pounds Sterling, Euros or 
Yen that are issued by a bank (I) which has, at the time of acquisition, a 
long-term rating of at least A or the equivalent from S&P, Moody’s or Fitch 
(or, if at any time no two of the foregoing shall be rating such 
obligations, then from such other nationally recognized rating services as 
are reasonably acceptable to Administrative Agent) and (II) if a domestic 
bank, which is a member of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation; (h) 
overnight securities repurchase agreements, or reverse repurchase 
agreements secured by any of the foregoing types of securities or debt 
instruments, provided that the collateral supporting such repurchase 
agreements shall have a value not less than 101% of the principal amount of 
the repurchase agreement plus accrued interest; and (i) money market funds 
invested in investments substantially all of which consist of the items 
described in clauses (a) through (h) above.

“Closing Date” means the date the Initial Advance is made.

“Code” means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended.

“Combined EBITDA” means, for any quarter, the Borrower’s Pro Rata Share of 
net income or loss plus Interest Expense, income taxes, depreciation and 
amortization and excluding the effect of non-recurring items (such as, 
without limitation, (i) gains or losses from asset sales, (ii) gains or 
losses from debt restructurings or write-ups or forgiveness of 
indebtedness, and costs and expenses incurred during such period with 
respect to acquisitions consummated during such period, and (iii) non-cash 
gains or losses from foreign currency fluctuations), all as determined in 
accordance with GAAP, of Consolidated Businesses and UJVs (provided, 
however, that for purposes of determining the ratio of Combined EBITDA to 
Fixed Charges, Combined EBITDA of UJVs shall exclude UJVs that are not Real 
Property UJVs), as the case may be, multiplied by four, provided however, 
that Combined EBITDA shall include only general and administrative expenses 
that are attributable to the management and operation of the assets in 
accordance with GAAP and shall not include any corporate general and 
administrative expenses of Borrower, General Partner, Consolidated 
Businesses or UJVs (e.g., salaries of corporate officers).

7
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
“Consolidated Businesses” means, at any time, the Borrower and Subsidiaries 
of the Borrower that the Borrower consolidates in its consolidated 
financial statements prepared in accordance with GAAP, provided, however, 
that UJVs which are consolidated in accordance with GAAP are not 
Consolidated Businesses.

“Continue”, “Continuation” and “Continued” refer to the continuation 
pursuant to Section 2.12 of a LIBOR Loan as a LIBOR Loan from one Interest 
Period to the next interest Period.

“Convert”, “Conversion” and “Converted” refer to a conversion pursuant to 
Section 2.12 of a Base Rate Loan into a LIBOR Loan or a LIBOR Loan into a 
Base Rate Loan, each of which may be accompanied by the transfer by a Bank 
(at its sole discretion) of all or a portion of its Ratable Loan from one 
Applicable Lending Office to another.

“Credit Party” means the Administrative Agent, the Fronting Bank, the 
Swingline Lender or any other Bank.

“Credit Rating” means the rating assigned by Moody’s, S&P, and/or Fitch to 
Borrower’s senior unsecured long-term indebtedness.

“Debt” means, at any time, without duplication, (i) all indebtedness and 
liabilities of a Person for borrowed money, secured or unsecured, including 
mortgage and other notes payable (but excluding any indebtedness to the 
extent secured by cash or cash equivalents or marketable securities, or 
defeased), as determined in accordance with GAAP, and (ii) without 
duplication, all liabilities of a Person consisting of indebtedness for 
borrowed money, determined in accordance with GAAP, that are or would be 
stated and quantified as contingent liabilities in the notes to the 
consolidated financial statements of such Person as of that date. For 
purposes of determining “Total Outstanding Indebtedness” and “Debt”, the 
term “without duplication” shall mean (without limitation) that amounts 
loaned from one Person to a second Person that under GAAP would be 
consolidated with the first Person shall not be treated as Debt of the 
second Person.

“Default” means any event which with the giving of notice or lapse of time, 
or both, would become an Event of Default.

“Defaulting Lender” means any Bank that (a) has failed, within three 
Banking Days of the date required to be funded or paid, to (i) fund any 
portion of its Loans, (ii) fund any portion of its participations in 
Letters of Credit or Swingline Loans or (iii) pay over to any Credit Party 
any other amount required to be paid by it hereunder, unless, in the case 
of clause (i) above, such Bank notifies the Administrative Agent in writing 
that such failure is the result of such Bank’s good faith determination 
that a condition precedent to funding (specifically identified and 
including the particular default, if any) has not been satisfied, or, in 
the case of clause (iii) above, such Bank notifies the Administrative Agent 
in writing that such failure is the result of a good faith dispute which 
has been specifically identified, (b) has notified the Borrower or any 
Credit Party in writing, or has made a public statement to the effect, that 
it does not intend or expect to comply with any of its funding obligations 
under this Agreement (unless such writing or public statement indicates 
that such position is based on such Bank’s good faith determination that a

8
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
condition precedent (specifically identified and including the particular 
default, if any) to funding a loan under this Agreement cannot be 
satisfied) or generally under other agreements in which it commits to 
extend credit, (c) has failed, within three Banking Days after request by 
the Administrative Agent, a Fronting Bank, a Swingline Lender or Borrower, 
acting in good faith, to provide a certification in writing from an 
authorized officer of such Bank that it will comply with its obligations to 
fund prospective Loans and participations in then outstanding Letters of 
Credit and Swingline Loans under this Agreement, provided that such Bank 
shall cease to be a Defaulting Lender pursuant to this clause (c) upon the 
Administrative Agent’s, such Fronting Bank’s, such Swingline Lender’s or 
Borrower’s (as applicable) receipt of such certification in form and 
substance reasonably satisfactory to it or them (as applicable), or (d) 
has, or has a direct or indirect parent company that has, become the 
subject of a Bankruptcy Event or a Bail-In Action.

“Default Rate” means a rate per annum equal to: (1) with respect to Base 
Rate Loans, a variable rate of three percent (3%) plus the rate of interest 
then in effect thereon (including the Applicable Margin); and (2) with 
respect to LIBOR Loans and Bid Rate Loans, a fixed rate of three percent 
(3%) plus the rate(s) of interest in effect thereon (including the 
Applicable Margin or the LIBOR Bid Margin, as the case may be) at the time 
of any Default or Event of Default until the end of the then current 
Interest Period therefor and, thereafter, a variable rate of three percent 
(3%) plus the rate of interest for a Base Rate Loan (including the 
Applicable Margin).

“Designated Lender” means a special purpose corporation that (i) shall have 
become a party to this Agreement pursuant to Section 12.16 and (ii) is not 
otherwise a Bank.

“Designating Lender” has the meaning specified in Section 12.16.

“Designation Agreement” means an agreement in substantially the form of 
EXHIBIT H, entered into by a Bank and a Designated Lender and accepted by 
Administrative Agent.

“Disposition” means a sale (whether by assignment, transfer or Capital 
Lease) of an asset.

“Dollars” and the sign “$” mean lawful money of the United States of 
America.

“EEA Financial Institution” means (a) any institution established in any 
EEA Member Country which is subject to the supervision of an EEA Resolution 
Authority, (b) any entity established in an EEA Member Country which is a 
parent of an institution described in clause (a) of this definition, or (c) 
any financial institution established in an EEA Member Country which is a 
subsidiary of an institution described in clauses (a) or (b) of this 
definition and is subject to consolidated supervision with its parent;
 
“EEA Member Country” means any of the member states of the European Union, 
Iceland, Liechtenstein, and Norway.
 
“EEA Resolution Authority” means any public administrative authority or any 
person entrusted with public administrative authority of any EEA Member 
Country (including any delegee) having responsibility for the resolution of 
any EEA Financial Institution.

9
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
“Elect”, “Election” and “Elected” refer to elections, if any, by Borrower 
pursuant to Section 2.12 to have all or a portion of an advance of the 
Ratable Loans be outstanding as LIBOR Loans.

“Electronic Signature” means an electronic sound, symbol, or process 
attached to, or associated with, a contract or other record and adopted by 
a person with the intent to sign, authenticate or accept such contract or 
record.

“Electronic System” means any electronic system, including e-mail, e-fax, 
Intralinks®, ClearPar®, Debt Domain, Syndtrak and any other Internet or 
extranet-based site, whether such electronic system is owned, operated or 
hosted by the Administrative Agent and any of its Affiliates or any other 
Person, providing for access to data protected by passcodes or other 
security system(s).

“Environmental Discharge” means any discharge or release of any Hazardous 
Materials in violation of any applicable Environmental Law.

“Environmental Law” means any applicable Law relating to pollution or the 
environment, including Laws relating to noise or to emissions, discharges, 
releases or threatened releases of Hazardous Materials into the work place, 
the community or the environment, or otherwise relating to the generation, 
manufacture, processing, distribution, use, treatment, storage, disposal, 
transport or handling of Hazardous Materials.

“Environmental Notice” means any written complaint, order, citation, 
letter, inquiry, notice or other written communication from any Person (1) 
affecting or relating to Borrower’s compliance with any Environmental Law 
in connection with any activity or operations at any time conducted by 
Borrower, (2) relating to the occurrence or presence of or exposure to or 
possible or threatened or alleged occurrence or presence of or exposure to 
Environmental Discharges or Hazardous Materials at any of Borrower’s 
locations or facilities, including, without limitation: (a) the existence 
of any contamination or possible or threatened contamination at any such 
location or facility and (b) remediation of any Environmental Discharge or 
Hazardous Materials at any such location or facility or any part thereof; 
and (3) any violation or alleged violation of any relevant Environmental 
Law.

“ERISA” means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, 
including the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

“ERISA Affiliate” means any corporation or trade or business which is a 
member of the same controlled group of organizations (within the meaning of 
Section 414(b) of the Code) as Borrower or General Partner or is under 
common control (within the meaning of Section 414(c) of the Code) with 
Borrower or General Partner or is required to be treated as a single 
employer with Borrower or General Partner under Section 414(m) or 414(o) of 
the Code.

“EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule” means the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule 
published by the Loan Market Association (or any successor person), as in 
effect from time to time.

“Event of Default” has the meaning specified in Section 9.01.

10
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
“Excluded Taxes” means any of the following Taxes imposed on or with 
respect to a Recipient or required to be withheld or deducted from a 
payment to a Recipient: (a) Taxes imposed on or measured by net income 
(however denominated), profits or gains, franchise Taxes (imposed in lieu 
of income Taxes), and branch profits Taxes (or any similar Taxes), in each 
case, (i) imposed as a result of such Recipient being organized under the 
laws of, or having its principal office or, in the case of any Bank, its 
applicable lending office located in, the jurisdiction imposing such Tax 
(or any political subdivision thereof) or (ii) that are Other Connection 
Taxes, (b) in the case of a Bank, U.S. Federal withholding Taxes imposed on 
amounts payable to or for the account of such Bank with respect to an 
applicable interest in a Loan, Letter of Credit or Loan Commitment pursuant 
to a law in effect on the date on which (i) such Bank acquires such 
interest in such Loan, Letter of Credit or Loan Commitment (other than 
pursuant to an assignment requested by the Borrower under Section 3.07) or 
(ii) such Bank changes its lending office, except in each case to the 
extent that, pursuant to Section 10.13, amounts with respect to such Taxes 
were payable either to such Bank's assignor immediately before such Bank 
acquired the applicable interest in a Loan, Letter of Credit or Loan 
Commitment or to such Bank immediately before it changed its lending 
office, (c) Taxes attributable to such Recipient's failure to comply with 
Section 10.13 and (d) any U.S. Federal withholding Taxes imposed under 
FATCA. 

“Execution Date” means the date of this Agreement.

“Existing 2011 Credit Agreement” has the meaning specified in the recitals.

“Exiting Bank” has the meaning specified in Section 12.24(a).

“Extension Date” has the meaning specified in Section 2.18.

“Extension Notice” has the meaning specified in Section 2.18.

“Facility Fee” means the respective percentages per annum determined, at 
any time, based on the range into which any Credit Rating then falls, in 
accordance with the table set forth below. Any change in any Credit Rating 
causing it to move to a different range on the table shall effect an 
immediate change in the Facility Fee as of the day of such change.  
Borrower shall have not less than two (2) Credit Ratings at all times, one 
of which shall be from S&P or Moody’s.  In the event that Borrower receives 
only two (2) Credit Ratings, and such Credit Ratings are not equivalent, 
the Facility Fee shall be the higher of the two Credit Ratings. In the 
event that Borrower receives more than two (2) Credit Ratings, and such 
Credit Ratings are not all equivalent, the Facility Fee shall be (A) if the 
difference between the highest and the lowest such Credit Ratings is one 
ratings category (e.g. Baa2 by Moody’s and BBB- by S&P or Fitch), the 
Facility Fee shall be the rate per annum that would be applicable if the 
highest of the Credit Ratings were used; and (B) if the difference between 
the highest and the lowest such Credit Ratings is two ratings categories 
(e.g. Baa1 by Moody’s and BBB- by S&P or Fitch) or more, the Facility Fee 
shall be the rate per annum that would be applicable if the average of the 
two (2) highest Credit Ratings were used, provided that if such average is 
not a recognized rating category (i.e., the difference between the Credit 
Ratings is an even number of ratings categories), then the Facility Fee 
shall be based on the lower of the two (2) highest Credit Ratings.

11
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
Borrower’s Credit Rating
(S&P/Moody’s Ratings)
Facility Fee
(%  per annum)
A-/A3 or higher
0.125
BBB+/Baa1
0.150
BBB/Baa2
0.200
BBB-/Baa3
0.250
Below BBB-/Baa3 or unrated
0.300
 
“FATCA” means Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, as of the date of 
this Agreement (or any amended or successor version that is substantively 
comparable and not materially more onerous to comply with), any current or 
future regulations or official interpretations thereof, any agreement 
entered into pursuant to Section 1471(b)(1) of the Code or any fiscal or 
regulatory legislation, rules or practices adopted pursuant to any 
intergovernmental agreement entered into in connection with the 
implementation of such Sections of the Code. 

“Federal Funds Effective Rate” means, for any day, the rate calculated by 
the NYFRB based on such day’s federal funds transactions by depositary 
institutions (as determined in such manner as the NYFRB shall set forth on 
its public website from time to time) and published on the next succeeding 
Banking Day by the NYFRB as the federal funds effective rate; provided, 
that, if the Federal Funds Effective Rate shall be less than zero, such 
rate shall be deemed to be zero for purposes of this Agreement.

“Fiscal Year” means each period from January 1 to December 31.

“Fitch” means Fitch, Inc.

“Fixed Charges” means, without duplication, in respect of any quarter, the 
sum of (i) the Borrower’s Pro Rata Share of Interest Expense for such 
period attributable to Debt in respect of Consolidated Businesses and Real 
Property UJVs, as well as to any other Debt that is Recourse to the 
Borrower, multiplied by four (4); and (ii) distributions during such period 
on preferred units of the Borrower, as determined on a consolidated basis, 
in accordance with GAAP, multiplied by four (4).

“Foreign Bank” means a Bank that is not a U.S. Person.

“Fronting Bank” means JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., Bank of America, N.A., 
Wells Fargo Bank, N.A. or another Bank that shall have agreed to be 
designated by Borrower from among those Banks identified by Administrative 
Agent as being a permissible Fronting Bank pursuant to Section 2.17, each 
in its capacity as the issuer of Letters of Credit hereunder and its 
successors in such capacity.  A Fronting Bank may, in its discretion, 
arrange for Letters of Credit to be issued by its Affiliate, in which case 
“Fronting Bank” shall include such Affiliate.  When used herein, “Fronting 
Bank” shall mean the applicable Fronting Bank, each Fronting Bank, any 
Fronting Bank or all of the Fronting Banks, as the context may require.

“GAAP” means accounting principles generally accepted in the United States 
of America as in effect from time to time, applied on a basis consistent 
with those used in the preparation of the financial statements referred to 
in Section 5.15 (captioned “Financial Statements”) (except for changes 
concurred to by Borrower’s Accountants); provided that, if the Borrower 
notifies the Administrative Agent that the Borrower requests an amendment 
to any provision hereof to

12
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
eliminate the effect of any change occurring after the date hereof in GAAP 
or in the application of any such change on the operation of such 
provision, or if the Administrative Agent notifies the Borrower that the 
Required Banks request an amendment to any provision hereof for such 
purpose, in either case, regardless of whether any such notice is given 
before or after such change in GAAP or in the application of any such 
change, then such provision shall be interpreted on the basis of GAAP as in 
effect and applied for purposes of this Agreement immediately before such 
change shall have become effective.

“General Partner” means Vornado Realty Trust, a real estate investment 
trust organized and existing under the laws of the State of Maryland and 
the sole general partner of Borrower.

“Good Faith Contest” means the contest of an item if: (1) the item is 
diligently contested in good faith, and, if appropriate, by proceedings 
timely instituted; (2) adequate reserves are established with respect to 
the contested item; (3) during the period of such contest, the enforcement 
of any contested item is effectively stayed; and (4) the failure to pay or 
comply with the contested item during the period of the contest is not 
likely to result in a Material Adverse Change.

“Governmental  Authority” means any nation or government, any state or 
other political subdivision thereof, and any agency, authority, regulatory 
body, central bank or other entity exercising executive, legislative, 
judicial, regulatory or administrative functions of or pertaining to 
government.

“Gross Book Value” means the undepreciated book value of assets comprising 
a business, determined in accordance with GAAP.

“Hazardous Materials” means any pollutant, effluents, emissions, 
contaminants, toxic or hazardous wastes or substances, as any of those 
terms are defined from time to time in or for the purposes of any relevant 
Environmental Law, including asbestos fibers and friable asbestos, 
polychlorinated biphenyls, and any petroleum or hydrocarbon-based products 
or derivatives.

“Impacted Interest Period” has the meaning assigned to it in the definition 
of “LIBOR Base Rate”.

“Indemnified Taxes” means (a) Taxes, other than Excluded Taxes, imposed on 
or with respect to any payment made by or on account of any obligation of 
the Borrower under any Loan Document and (b) to the extent not otherwise 
described in (a) hereof, Other Taxes.

“Initial Advance” means the first advance of proceeds of the Loans and/or 
issuance of Letters of Credit (including the deemed issuance of Letters of 
Credit pursuant to Section 2.17(j)).

“Interest Expense” means, for any quarter, the consolidated interest 
expense, whether paid, accrued or capitalized (without deduction of 
consolidated interest income) of Borrower that is attributable to 
Borrower’s Pro Rata Share in its Consolidated Businesses in respect of Real 
Property Businesses, including, without limitation or duplication (or, to 
the extent not so included, with the addition of), (1) the portion of any 
rental obligation in respect of any Capital Lease obligation allocable to 
interest expense in accordance with GAAP; (2) the amortization of Debt 
discounts and premiums; (3) any payments or fees (other than upfront fees) 
with respect to

13
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
interest rate swap or similar agreements; and (4) the interest expense and 
items listed in clauses (1) through (3) above applicable to each of the 
UJVs (to the extent not included above) multiplied by Borrower’s Pro Rata 
Share in the UJVs in respect of Real Property Businesses, in all cases as 
reflected in the Borrower’s Consolidated Financial Statements, provided 
that there shall be excluded from Interest Expense capitalized interest 
covered by an interest reserve established under a loan facility (such as 
capitalized construction interest provided for in a construction loan). 
“Interest Expense” shall not include the non-cash portion of interest 
expense attributable to convertible Debt determined in accordance with ASC 
470-20.

“Interest Period” means, (1) with respect to any LIBOR Loan, the period 
commencing on the date the same is advanced, converted from a Base Rate 
Loan or Continued, as the case may be, and ending, as Borrower may select 
pursuant to Section 2.06, on the numerically corresponding day in the 
first, second, third or, if available from all of the Banks, sixth calendar 
month thereafter (or at Administrative Agent’s reasonable discretion a 
period of shorter duration), provided that each such Interest Period which 
commences on the last Banking Day of a calendar month (or on any day for 
which there is no numerically corresponding day in the appropriate 
subsequent calendar month) shall end on the last Banking Day of the 
appropriate calendar month; and (2) with respect to any Bid Rate Loan, the 
period commencing on the date the same is advanced and ending, as Borrower 
may select pursuant to Section 2.02, on the numerically corresponding day 
in the first, second, third or sixth calendar month thereafter (or at 
Administrative Agent’s reasonable discretion a period of shorter duration) 
provided that each such Interest Period which commences on the last Banking 
Day of a calendar month (or on any day for which there is no numerically 
corresponding day in the appropriate subsequent calendar month) shall end 
on the last Banking Day of the appropriate calendar month.

“Interpolated Rate”  means, at any time, for any Interest Period, the rate 
per annum (rounded to the same number of decimal places as the LIBO Screen 
Rate) determined by the Administrative Agent (which determination shall be 
conclusive and binding absent manifest error) to be equal to the rate that 
results from interpolating on a linear basis between: (a) the LIBO Screen 
Rate for the longest period (for which the LIBO Screen Rate is available) 
that is shorter than the Impacted Interest Period; and (b) the LIBO Screen 
Rate for the shortest period (for which the LIBO Screen Rate is available) 
that is longer than the Impacted Interest Period, in each case, at such 
time.  

“Invitation for Bid Rate Quotes” has the meaning specified in Section 
2.02(b).

“Law” means any federal, state or local statute, law, rule, regulation, 
ordinance, order, code, or rule of common law, now or hereafter in effect, 
and in each case as amended, and any judicial or administrative 
interpretation thereof by a Governmental Authority or otherwise, including 
any judicial or administrative order, consent decree or judgment.

“LC Exposure” means, at any time, the sum of (a) the aggregate undrawn 
amount of all outstanding Letters of Credit at such time plus (b) the 
aggregate amount of all drawings under Letters of Credit that have not yet 
been reimbursed by or on behalf of the Borrower (including, for clarity, by 
means of advances of Loans pursuant to this Agreement) at such time.  The 
LC Exposure of any Bank at any time shall be its Pro Rata Share of the 
total LC Exposure at such time.

14
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
“Lead Arrangers” means JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., Merrill Lynch, Pierce, 
Fenner & Smith Incorporated and Wells Fargo Securities LLC.

“Letter of Credit” has the meaning specified in Section 2.17(a).

“Letter of Credit Commitment” means, with respect to each Fronting Bank, 
the commitment of each Fronting Bank to issue Letters of Credit hereunder.  
The initial amount of each Fronting Bank’s Letter of Credit Commitment is 
$66,666,667.

“LIBO Screen Rate” has the meaning assigned to it in the definition of 
“LIBOR Base Rate.

“LIBOR Base Rate” means, with respect to any LIBOR Loan for any Interest 
Period, the London interbank offered rate as administered by ICE Benchmark 
Administration (or any other Person that takes over the administration of 
such rate) for Dollars for a period equal in length to such Interest Period 
as displayed on page LIBOR01 of the Reuters screen that displays such rate 
or, in the event such rate does not appear on a Reuters page or screen, on 
any successor or substitute page on such screen that displays such rate, or 
on the appropriate page of such other information service that publishes 
such rate from time to time as selected by the Administrative Agent in its 
reasonable discretion (in each case the “LIBO Screen Rate”), at 
approximately 11:00 a.m., London time, two Banking Days prior to the 
commencement of such Interest Period; provided  that if the LIBO Screen 
Rate shall be less than zero, such rate shall be deemed to be zero for the 
purposes of this Agreement; provided  further  that if the LIBO Screen Rate 
shall not be available at such time for such Interest Period (an “Impacted 
Interest Period”) then the LIBOR Base Rate shall be the Interpolated Rate; 
provided  that if any Interpolated Rate shall be less than zero, such rate 
shall be deemed to be zero for purposes of this Agreement.

“LIBOR Bid Margin” has the meaning specified in Section 2.02(c)(2)(iii).

“LIBOR Bid Rate” means a rate per annum equal to the sum of (1) the LIBOR 
Interest Rate for a Bid Rate Loan with the applicable Interest Period and 
(2) the LIBOR Bid Margin.

“LIBOR Interest Rate” means, for any LIBOR Loan or Bid Rate Loan, a rate 
per annum determined by Administrative Agent to be equal to the quotient of 
(1) the LIBOR Base Rate for such LIBOR Loan or Bid Rate Loan, as the case 
may be, for the Interest Period therefor divided by (2) one minus the LIBOR 
Reserve Requirement for such LIBOR Loan or Bid Rate Loan, as the case may 
be, for such Interest Period.

“LIBOR Loan” means all or any portion (as the context requires) of any 
Bank’s Ratable Loan which shall accrue interest at rate(s) determined in 
relation to LIBOR Interest Rate(s).

“LIBOR Reserve Requirement” means, for any LIBOR Loan or Bid Rate Loan, the 
average maximum rate at which reserves (including any marginal, 
supplemental or emergency reserves) are required to be maintained during 
the Interest Period for such LIBOR Loan or Bid Rate Loan under Regulation D 
by member banks of the Federal Reserve System in New York City with 
deposits exceeding One Billion Dollars ($1,000,000,000) against 
“Eurocurrency liabilities” (as such term is used in Regulation D). Without 
limiting the effect of the foregoing, the LIBOR Reserve Requirement shall 
also reflect any other reserves required to be maintained

15
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
by such member banks by reason of any Regulatory Change against (1) any 
category of liabilities which includes deposits by reference to which the 
LIBOR Base Rate is to be determined as provided in the definition of “LIBOR 
Base Rate” in this Section 1.01 or (2) any category of extensions of credit 
or other assets which include loans the interest rate on which is 
determined on the basis of rates referred to in said definition of “LIBOR 
Base Rate”.

“Lien” means any mortgage, deed of trust, pledge, security interest, 
hypothecation, assignment for collateral purposes, deposit arrangement, 
lien (statutory or other), or other security agreement or charge of any 
kind or nature whatsoever of any third party (excluding any right of setoff 
but including, without limitation, any conditional sale or other title 
retention agreement, any financing lease having substantially the same 
economic effect as any of the foregoing, and the filing of any financing 
statement under the Uniform Commercial Code or comparable law of any 
jurisdiction to evidence any of the foregoing).

“Loan” means, with respect to each Bank, its Ratable Loan, Bid Rate Loan(s) 
and Swingline Loan(s), collectively.

“Loan Commitment” means, with respect to each Bank, the obligation to make 
a Ratable Loan in the principal amount set forth on Schedule 1 attached 
hereto and incorporated herein, as such amount may be reduced or increased 
from time to time in accordance with the provisions of Section 2.16 (upon 
the execution of Assignment and Assumption Agreements, the definition of 
Loan Commitment shall be deemed revised to reflect the assignment being 
effected pursuant to each such Assignment and Assumption Agreement).

“Loan Documents” means this Agreement, the Notes, the Authorization Letter 
and the Solvency Certificate.

“Mandatory Borrowing” has the meaning specified in Section 2.03(b)(3).

“Material Adverse Change” means either (1) a material adverse change in the 
status of the business, results of operations, financial condition, or 
property of Borrower or (2) any event or occurrence of whatever nature 
which is likely to have a material adverse effect on the ability of 
Borrower to perform its obligations under the Loan Documents.

“Material Affiliates” means the Affiliates of Borrower listed on EXHIBIT F.

“Maturity Date” means February 1, 2021, subject to extension pursuant to 
Section 2.18.

“Moody’s” means Moody’s Investors Service, Inc.

“Multiemployer Plan” means a Plan defined as such in Section 3(37) of ERISA 
to which contributions have been or are required to be made by Borrower or 
General Partner or any ERISA Affiliate and which is covered by Title IV of 
ERISA.

“Net Equity Value” means, at any time, the total assets of the applicable 
business less the total liabilities of such business less the amounts 
attributable to the minority interest in such business, in each case as 
determined on a consolidated basis, in accordance with GAAP, subject to the 
last sentence of the definition of Capitalization Value.

16
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
“Note” and “Notes” have the respective meanings specified in Section 2.09.

“NYFRB” means the Federal Reserve Bank of New York.
 
“NYFRB Rate” means, for any day, the greater of (a) the Federal Funds 
Effective Rate in effect on such day and (b) the Overnight Bank Funding 
Rate in effect on such day (or for any day that is not a Banking Day, for 
the immediately preceding Banking Day); provided that if none of such rates 
are published for any day that is a Business Day, the term “NYFRB Rate” 
means the rate for a federal funds transaction quoted at 11:00 a.m. on such 
day received by the Administrative Agent from a federal funds broker of 
recognized standing selected by it; provided,  further, that if any of the 
aforesaid rates shall be less than zero, such rate shall be deemed to be 
zero for purposes of this Agreement.

“Obligations” means each and every obligation, covenant and agreement of 
Borrower, now or hereafter existing, contained in this Agreement, and any 
of the other Loan Documents, whether for principal, reimbursement 
obligations, interest, fees, expenses, indemnities or otherwise, and any 
amendments or supplements thereto, extensions or renewals thereof or 
replacements therefor, including but not limited to all indebtedness, 
obligations and liabilities of Borrower to Administrative Agent and any 
Bank now existing or hereafter incurred under or arising out of or in 
connection with the Notes, this Agreement, the other Loan Documents, and 
any documents or instruments executed in connection therewith; in each case 
whether direct or indirect, joint or several, absolute or contingent, 
liquidated or unliquidated, now or hereafter existing, renewed or 
restructured, whether or not from time to time decreased or extinguished 
and later increased, created or incurred, and including all indebtedness of 
Borrower under any instrument now or hereafter evidencing or securing any 
of the foregoing.

“OFAC” means The Office of Foreign Assets Control of the United States 
Department of the Treasury.

“Other Connection Taxes” means, with respect to any Recipient, Taxes 
imposed as a result of a present or former connection between such 
Recipient and the jurisdiction imposing such Tax (other than connections 
arising from such Recipient having executed, delivered, become a party to, 
performed its obligations under, received payments under, received or 
perfected a security interest under, engaged in any other transaction 
pursuant to or enforced any Loan Document, or sold or assigned an interest 
in any Loan, Letter of Credit or Loan Document).

“Other Investment” means a Consolidated Business or UJV that does not own 
primarily Real Property Assets or publicly traded securities, including, 
without limitation, those entities more particularly set forth on Schedule 
2 attached hereto.

“Other Taxes” means all present or future stamp, court or documentary, 
intangible, recording, filing or similar Taxes that arise from any payment 
made under, from the execution, delivery, performance, enforcement or 
registration of, from the receipt or perfection of a security interest 
under, or otherwise with respect to, any Loan Document, except any such 
Taxes that are Other Connection Taxes imposed with respect to an assignment 
(other than an assignment made pursuant to Section 3.07).

17
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
“Overnight Bank Funding Rate” means, for any day, the rate comprised of 
both overnight federal funds and overnight Eurodollar borrowings by 
U.S.-managed banking offices of depository institutions (as such composite 
rate shall be determined by the NYFRB as set forth on its public website 
from time to time) and published on the next succeeding Business Day by the 
NYFRB as an overnight bank funding rate (from and after such date as the 
NYFRB shall commence to publish such composite rate).

“Parent” means, with respect to any Bank, any Person controlling such Bank.

“Participant” has the meaning specified in Section 12.05(b).

“Participant Register” has the meaning specified in Section 12.05(b).

“Payor” has the meaning specified in Section 10.12.

“PBGC” means the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation and any entity 
succeeding to any or all of its functions under ERISA.

“Person” means an individual, partnership, corporation, business trust, 
joint stock company, trust, unincorporated association, joint venture, 
limited liability company, Governmental Authority or other entity of 
whatever nature.

“Plan” means any employee benefit or other plan (other than a Multiemployer 
Plan) established or maintained, or to which contributions have been or are 
required to be made, by Borrower or General Partner or any ERISA Affiliate 
and which is covered by Title IV of ERISA or to which Section 412 of the 
Code applies.

“presence”, when used in connection with any Environmental Discharge or 
Hazardous Materials, means and includes presence, generation, manufacture, 
installation, treatment, use, storage, handling, repair, encapsulation, 
disposal, transportation, spill, discharge and release.

“Prime Rate” means that rate of interest from time to time announced by the 
Bank serving as Administrative Agent in the United States as its prime 
commercial lending rate. Any change in the Prime Rate shall be effective as 
of the date such change is announced by the Bank serving as Administrative 
Agent.

“Pro Rata Share” means, with respect to each Bank, the percentage of the 
Total Loan Commitment represented by such Bank’s Loan Commitment; provided 
that solely in the case of Section 12.20(c) when a Defaulting Lender shall 
exist, “Pro Rata Share” shall mean the percentage of the Total Loan 
Commitment (disregarding any Defaulting Lender’s Loan Commitment) 
represented by such Bank’s Loan Commitment. If the Loan Commitments have 
terminated or expired, the Pro Rata Share shall be determined based upon 
the Loan Commitments most recently in effect, giving effect to any 
assignments and to any Bank’s status as a Defaulting Lender at the time of 
determination.

“Prohibited Transaction” means any transaction set forth in Section 406 of 
ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code.

18
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
“Qualified Institution” means a Bank, or one or more banks, finance 
companies, insurance or other financial institutions which (A) has (or, in 
the case of a banking institution which is a subsidiary, such banking 
institution’s parent has) a rating of its senior debt obligations of not 
less than BBB+ by S&P or Baal by Moody’s or a comparable rating by a rating 
agency reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent and (B) has (or, 
in the case of a banking institution which is a subsidiary, such banking 
institution’s parent has) total assets in excess of Ten Billion Dollars 
($10,000,000,000), but shall exclude any natural person, any Defaulting 
Lender and the Borrower or any of its Affiliates.

“Ratable Loan” has the meaning specified in Section 2.01(b).

“Ratable Loan Note” has the meaning specified in Section 2.09.

“Real Property Asset” means an asset from which income is, or upon 
completion expected by the Borrower to be, derived predominantly from 
contractual rent payments under leases with unaffiliated third party 
tenants, hotel operations, tradeshow operations or leasing commissions and 
management and development fees, and shall include those investments in 
mortgages and mortgage participations owned by the Borrower as to which the 
Borrower has demonstrated to the Administrative Agent, in the 
Administrative Agent’s reasonable discretion, that Borrower has control of 
the decision-making functions of management and leasing of such mortgaged 
properties, has control of the economic benefits of such mortgaged 
properties, and holds the right to acquire such mortgaged properties.

“Real Property Business” means a Consolidated Business or UJV that owns 
primarily Real Property Assets.

“Real Property UJV” means a UJV that is a Real Property Business.

“Recipient” means the Administrative Agent, any Bank and any Fronting Bank, 
as applicable.

“Recourse” means, with reference to any obligation or liability, any 
liability or obligation that is not Without Recourse to the obligor 
thereunder, directly or indirectly. For purposes hereof, a Person shall not 
be deemed to be “indirectly” liable for the liabilities or obligations of 
an obligor solely by reason of the fact that such Person has an ownership 
interest in such obligor, provided that such Person is not otherwise 
legally liable, directly or indirectly, for such obligor’s liabilities or 
obligations (e.g. by reason of a guaranty or contribution obligation, by 
operation of law or by reason of such Person being a general partner of 
such obligor). A guaranty of Debt issued by Borrower or General Partner (as 
distinguished from a Subsidiary) shall be Recourse, but a guaranty for 
completion of improvements in connection with Debt shall be deemed Without 
Recourse, unless and except to the extent of a claim made under such 
guaranty that remains unpaid.

“Refinancing Mortgage” has the meaning specified in Section 12.21.

“Regulation D” means Regulation D of the Board of Governors of the Federal 
Reserve System, as the same may be amended or supplemented from time to 
time, or any similar Law from time to time in effect.

19
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
“Regulation U” means Regulation U of the Board of Governors of the Federal 
Reserve System, as the same may be amended or supplemented from time to 
time, or any similar Law from time to time in effect.

“Regulatory Change” means the occurrence after the date of this Agreement 
or, with respect to any Bank, such later date on which such Bank becomes a 
party to this Agreement, of (a) the adoption of or taking effect of any 
law, rule, regulation or treaty, (b) any change in any law, rule, 
regulation or treaty or in the interpretation or application thereof by any 
Governmental Authority or (c) compliance by any Bank or any Fronting Bank 
(or, for purposes of Section 3.06, by any lending office of such Bank or by 
such Bank's or such Fronting Bank's holding company, if any) with any 
request, guideline or directive (whether or not having the force of law) of 
any Governmental Authority made or issued after the date of this Agreement; 
provided  that, notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary,  (x) the 
Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and all requests, 
rules, guidelines or directives thereunder or issued in connection 
therewith and (y) all requests, rules, guidelines or directives promulgated 
by the Bank for International Settlements, the Basel Committee on Banking 
Supervision (or any successor or similar authority) or the United States or 
foreign regulatory authorities, in each case pursuant to Basel III, shall 
be deemed to be a “Regulatory Change,” regardless of the date enacted, 
adopted or issued, provided, however, that if the applicable Bank shall 
have implemented changes prior to the Execution Date in response to any 
such requests, rules, guidelines or directives, then the same shall not be 
deemed to be a Regulatory Change with respect to such Bank.

“REIT” means a “real estate investment trust,” as such term is defined in 
Section 856 of the Code.

“Relevant Documents” has the meaning specified in Section 11.02.

“Replacement Bank” has the meaning specified in Section 3.07.

“Replacement Notice” has the meaning specified in Section 3.07.

“Reportable Event” means any of the events set forth in Section 4043(c) of 
ERISA, other than those events as to which the thirty (30) day notice 
period is waived by the PBGC.

“Required Banks” means at any time Banks having Pro Rata Shares aggregating 
at least 51% (excluding, however, any Defaulting Lender); provided, 
however, that during the existence of an Event of Default, the “Required 
Banks” shall be the Banks holding at least 51% of the then aggregate unpaid 
principal amount of the Loans (excluding, however, any Defaulting Lender); 
and provided, further  that in the case of Swingline Loans, the amount of 
each Bank’s funded participation interest in such Swingline Loans shall be 
considered for purposes hereof as if it were a direct Loan and not a 
participation interest, and the aggregate amount of Swingline Loans owing 
to Swingline Lender shall be considered for purposes hereof as reduced by 
the amount of such funded participation interests.

“Required Payment” has the meaning set forth in Section 10.12.

20
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
“Sanctioned Country” means, at any time, a country or territory which is 
itself the subject or target of any Sanctions (at the time of this 
Agreement, including but not limited to Cuba, Iran, North Korea, Sudan and 
Syria).

“Sanctioned Person” means, at any time, (a) any Person listed in any 
Sanctions-related list of designated Persons maintained by OFAC or the 
U.S. Department of State, or by the United Nations Security Council, the 
European Union, any European Union member state or Her Majesty’s Treasury 
of the United Kingdom, (b) any Person operating, organized or resident in a 
Sanctioned Country or (c) any Person owned or controlled by any such Person 
or Persons described in the foregoing clauses (a) or (b).

“Sanctions” means economic or financial sanctions or trade embargoes 
imposed, administered or enforced from time to time by (a) the U.S. 
government, including those administered by OFAC or the U.S. Department of 
State, or (b) the United Nations Security Council, the European Union, any 
European Union member state or Her Majesty’s Treasury of the United 
Kingdom.

“SEC” means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission.

“SEC Reports” means the reports required to be delivered to the Securities 
and Exchange Commission pursuant to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as 
amended.

“Secured Indebtedness” means, at any time, that portion of Total 
Outstanding Indebtedness that is not Unsecured Indebtedness.

“Secured Indebtedness Adjustment” has the meaning set forth in Section 
8.07.

“Solvency Certificate” means a certificate in substantially the form of 
EXHIBIT D, to be delivered by Borrower pursuant to the terms of this 
Agreement.

“Solvent” means, when used with respect to any Person, that (1) the fair 
value of the property of such Person, on a going concern basis, is greater 
than the total amount of liabilities (including, without limitation, 
contingent liabilities) of such Person; (2) the present fair saleable value 
of the assets of such Person, on a going concern basis, is not less than 
the amount that will be required to pay the probable liabilities of such 
Person on its debts as they become absolute and matured; (3) such Person 
does not intend to, and does not believe that it will, incur debts or 
liabilities beyond such Person’s ability to pay as such debts and 
liabilities mature; (4) such Person is not engaged in business or a 
transaction, and is not about to engage in business or a transaction, for 
which such Person’s property would constitute unreasonably small capital 
after giving due consideration to the prevailing practice in the industry 
in which such Person is engaged; and (5) such Person has sufficient 
resources, provided that such resources are prudently utilized, to satisfy 
all of such Person’s obligations. Contingent liabilities will be computed 
at the amount that, in light of all the facts and circumstances existing at 
such time, represents the amount that can reasonably be expected to become 
an actual or matured liability.

“S&P” means Standard & Poor’s Ratings Services, a division of McGraw-Hill 
Financial, Inc.

21
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
“Subsidiary” means, with respect to any Person, a corporation, partnership, 
joint venture, limited liability company or other entity, fifty percent 
(50%) or more of the outstanding voting stock, partnership interests or 
membership interests, as the case may be, of which are owned, directly or 
indirectly, by that Person or by one or more other Subsidiaries of that 
Person and over which that Person or one or more other Subsidiaries of that 
Person exercise sole control. For the purposes of this definition, “voting 
stock” means stock having voting power for the election of directors or 
trustees, as the case may be, whether at all times or only so long as no 
senior class of stock has voting power for the election of directors or 
trustees by reason of any contingency, and “control” means the power to 
direct the management and policies of a Person, directly or indirectly, 
whether through the ownership of voting securities, by contract or 
otherwise.

“Swingline Commitment” has the meaning specified in Section 2.03(a).

“Swingline Exposure” means, at any time, the aggregate principal amount of 
all Swingline Loans outstanding at such time.  The Swingline Exposure of 
any Bank at any time shall be the sum of (a) its Pro Rata Share of the 
total Swingline Exposure at such time other than with respect to any 
Swingline Loans made by such Bank in its capacity as a Swingline Lender and 
(b), the aggregate principal amount of all Swingline Loans made by such 
Bank as a Swingline Lender outstanding at such time (less the amount of 
participations funded by the other Banks in such Swingline Loans).

“Swingline Lenders” means JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., Bank of America, N.A., 
and Wells Fargo Bank, N.A. in their capacity as Swingline Lenders 
hereunder, and their permitted successors in such capacity in accordance 
with the terms of this Agreement.  When used herein, “Swingline Lender” 
shall mean the applicable Swingline Lender, each Swingline Lender, any 
Swingline Lender or all of the Swingline Lenders, as the context may 
require.

“Swingline Loan” has the meaning set forth in Section 2.03(a).

“Taxes” means all present or future taxes, levies, imposts, duties, 
deductions, withholdings (including backup withholding), assessments, fees 
or other charges imposed by any Governmental Authority, including any 
interest, additions to tax or penalties applicable thereto.

“Total Loan Commitment” means an amount equal to the aggregate amount of 
all Loan Commitments.

“Total Outstanding Indebtedness” means, at any time, without duplication, 
the sum of Debt of the Borrower, the Borrower’s Pro Rata Share of Debt in 
respect of Consolidated Businesses, and any Debt of UJVs to the extent 
Recourse to the Borrower, as determined on a consolidated basis in 
accordance with GAAP.

“UJVs” means, at any time, (1) investments of the Borrower that are 
accounted for under the equity method in the Borrower’s Consolidated 
Financial Statements prepared in accordance with GAAP and (2) investments 
of the Borrower in which the Borrower owns less than 50% of the equity 
interests and that are consolidated in the Borrower’s Consolidated 
Financial Statements prepared in accordance with GAAP.

22
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
“Unencumbered Assets” means, collectively, assets, reflected in the 
Borrower’s Consolidated Financial Statements, owned in whole or in part, 
directly or indirectly, by Borrower and not subject to any Lien to secure 
all or any portion of Secured Indebtedness or to any negative pledge or 
similar agreement, and assets of Consolidated Businesses and UJVs which are 
not subject to any Lien to secure all or any portion of Secured 
Indebtedness or to any negative pledge or similar agreement, provided that 
any such Consolidated Business or UJV is not the borrower or guarantor of 
any Unsecured Indebtedness. For clarity, an agreement that conditions the 
ability to encumber assets upon the maintenance of one or more specified 
ratios but that does not generally prohibit the encumbrance of assets, or 
the encumbrance of specific assets, shall not constitute a negative pledge 
or similar agreement.

“Unencumbered Combined EBITDA” means that portion of Combined EBITDA 
attributable to Unencumbered Assets; provided  that Unencumbered Combined 
EBITDA shall include only general and administrative expenses that are 
attributable to the management and operation of the Unencumbered Assets in 
accordance with GAAP and shall not include any corporate general and 
administrative expenses of Borrower, General Partner, Consolidated 
Businesses or UJVs (e.g., salaries of corporate officers).

“Unfunded Current Liability” of any Plan means the amount, if any, by which 
the actuarial present value of accumulated plan benefits as of the close of 
its most recent plan year, based upon the actuarial assumptions used by 
such Plan’s actuary in the most recent annual valuation of such Plan, 
exceeds the fair market value of the assets allocable thereto, determined 
in accordance with Section 412 of the Code.

“Unrestricted Cash and Cash Equivalents” means Cash or Cash Equivalents 
owned by Borrower, and Borrower’s Pro Rata Share of any Cash or Cash 
Equivalents owned by any Consolidated Businesses or UJV, that are not 
subject to any pledge, lien or control agreement, less amounts placed with 
third parties as deposits or security for contractual obligations.

“Unsecured Indebtedness” means, at any time, Total Outstanding Indebtedness 
that is not secured by a lien on assets of the Borrower, a Consolidated 
Business or a UJV, as the case may be.

“Unsecured Indebtedness Adjustment” has the meaning set forth in Section 
8.06.

“Unsecured Interest Expense” means, for any quarter, the Borrower’s Pro 
Rata Share of Interest Expense attributable to Total Outstanding 
Indebtedness constituting Unsecured Indebtedness.

“U.S. Person” means a “United States person” within the meaning of Section 
7701(a)(30) of the Code.

“U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate” has the meaning assigned to such term in 
Section 10.13(f)(ii)(B)(3).

“VRT Principals” means the trustees, executive officers and directors of 
Borrower (other than General Partner) or General Partner at any applicable 
time.

23
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
“Without Recourse” means, with reference to any obligation or liability, 
any obligation or liability for which the obligor thereunder is not liable 
or obligated other than as to its interest in a designated asset or assets 
only, subject to such exceptions to the non-recourse nature of such 
obligation or liability (such as, but not limited to, fraud, 
misappropriation, misapplication and environmental indemnities), as are 
usual and customary in like transactions involving institutional lenders at 
the time of the incurrence of such obligation or liability.

“Write-Down and Conversion Powers” means, with respect to any EEA 
Resolution Authority, the write-down and conversion powers of such EEA 
Resolution Authority from time to time under the Bail-In Legislation for 
the applicable EEA Member Country, which write-down and conversion powers 
are described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule.

Section 1.02.  Accounting Terms. All accounting terms not specifically 
defined herein shall be construed in accordance with GAAP, and, except as 
otherwise provided herein, all financial data required to be delivered 
hereunder shall be prepared in accordance with GAAP.

Section 1.03.  Computation of Time Periods. Except as otherwise provided 
herein, in this Agreement, in the computation of periods of time from a 
specified date to a later specified date, the word “from” means “from and 
including” and words “to” and “until” each means “to but excluding”.

Section 1.04.  Rules of Construction. When used in this Agreement: (1) “or” 
is not exclusive; (2) a reference to a Law includes any amendment or 
modification to such Law; (3) a reference to a Person includes its 
permitted successors and permitted assigns; (4) except as provided 
otherwise, all references to the singular shall include the plural and 
vice versa; (5) except as provided in this Agreement, a reference to an 
agreement, instrument or document shall include such agreement, instrument 
or document as the same may be amended, modified or supplemented from time 
to time in accordance with its terms and as permitted by the Loan 
Documents; (6) all references to Articles or Sections shall be to Articles 
and Sections of this Agreement unless otherwise indicated; and (7) all 
Exhibits to this Agreement shall be incorporated into this Agreement.

Article II

THE LOANS

Section 2.01.  Ratable Loans; Bid Rate Loans.  (a) Subject to the terms and 
conditions of this Agreement, the Banks agree to make loans to Borrower as 
provided in this Article II.

(b)               Each of the Banks severally agrees to make a loan to 
Borrower in Dollars (each such loan by a Bank, a “Ratable Loan”) in an 
amount up to its Loan Commitment pursuant to which such Bank shall from 
time to time advance and readvance to Borrower an amount equal to its Pro 
Rata Share of the excess (the “Available Total Loan Commitment”) of the 
Total Loan Commitment minus the sum of (1) all previously drawn and then 
outstanding advances (including Bid Rate Loans and Swingline Loans) made by 
the Banks which remain unpaid and (2) the LC Exposure, plus, without 
duplication of any amount included in clause (1) above, Swingline Loans 
outstanding. Within the limits set forth herein, Borrower may borrow from 
time

24
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
to time under this paragraph (b) and prepay from time to time pursuant to 
Section 2.10 (subject, however, to the restrictions on prepayment set forth 
in said Section), and thereafter reborrow pursuant to this paragraph (b). 
The Ratable Loans may be outstanding as: (1) Base Rate Loans; (2) LIBOR 
Loans; or (3) a combination of the foregoing, as Borrower shall elect and 
notify Administrative Agent in accordance with Section 2.14. Each LIBOR 
Loan, Bid Rate Loan, Base Rate Loan and Swingline Loan of each Bank shall 
be maintained at such Bank’s Applicable Lending Office.

(c)                In addition to Ratable Loans pursuant to paragraph (b) 
above, so long as Borrower’s Credit Rating is BBB- or better by S&P (if 
rated by S&P) or Baa3 or better by Moody’s (if rated by Moody’s), one or 
more Banks may, at Borrower’s request and in their sole discretion, make 
non-ratable loans in Dollars which shall bear interest at the LIBOR Bid 
Rate in accordance with Section 2.02 (such loans being referred to in this 
Agreement as “Bid Rate Loans”). Borrower may borrow Bid Rate Loans from 
time to time pursuant to this paragraph (c) in an amount up to fifty 
percent (50%) of the Total Loan Commitment at the time of the borrowing 
(taking into account any repayments of the Loans made simultaneously 
therewith) (the “Bid Borrowing Limit”), provided that at no time shall the 
sum of all Loans outstanding plus the outstanding amount of all Letters of 
Credit exceed the Total Loan Commitment, and shall repay such Bid Rate 
Loans as required by Section 2.09, and it may thereafter reborrow pursuant 
to this paragraph (c) or paragraph (b) above; provided, however, that the 
aggregate outstanding principal amount of Bid Rate Loans at any particular 
time shall not exceed the Bid Borrowing Limit.

(d)               The obligations of the Banks under this Agreement are 
several, and no Bank shall be responsible for the failure of any other Bank 
to make any advance of a Loan to be made by such other Bank. However, the 
failure of any Bank to make any advance of each Loan to be made by it 
hereunder on the date specified therefor shall not relieve any other Bank 
of its obligation to make any advance of its Loans specified hereby to be 
made on such date.

Section 2.02.  Bid Rate Loans.  (a) When Borrower has the Credit Rating 
required by Section 2.01(c) and wishes to request offers from the Banks to 
make Bid Rate Loans, it shall transmit to Administrative Agent by facsimile 
a request (a “Bid Rate Quote Request”) substantially in the form of EXHIBIT 
G-1 so as to be received not later than 10:30 a.m. (New York time) on the 
fourth Banking Day prior to the date for funding of the Bid Rate Loan(s) 
proposed therein, specifying:

    (1)               the proposed date of funding of such Bid Rate
    Loan(s), which shall be a Banking Day;

    (2)               the aggregate amount of the Bid Rate Loans requested,
    which shall be at least Five Million Dollars ($5,000,000) and an
    integral multiple of One Million Dollars ($1,000,000);

    (3)               the prepayment terms of such Bid Rate Loan(s), which,
    if not specified, shall have the same prepayment terms as Ratable
    Loans; and

25
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
    (4)               the duration of the Interest Period(s) applicable
    thereto, subject to the provisions of the definition of “Interest
    Period” in Section 1.01.

Borrower may request offers to make Bid Rate Loans for more than one (1) 
Interest Period in a single Bid Rate Quote Request. No Bid Rate Quote 
Request may be submitted by Borrower sooner than seven (7) calendar days 
after the submission of any other Bid Rate Quote Request.

(b)               Promptly upon receipt of a Bid Rate Quote Request, 
Administrative Agent shall send to the Banks by facsimile an invitation (an 
“Invitation for Bid Rate Quotes”) substantially in the form of EXHIBIT G-2, 
which shall constitute an invitation by Borrower to the Banks to submit Bid 
Rate Quotes offering to make Bid Rate Loans to which such Bid Rate Quote 
Request relates in accordance with this Section 2.02.

(c)                (1)        Each Bank may submit a Bid Rate Quote 
containing an offer or offers to make Bid Rate Loans in response to any 
Invitation for Bid Rate Quotes. Each Bid Rate Quote must comply with the 
requirements of this paragraph (c) and must be submitted to Administrative 
Agent by facsimile not later than 10:00 a.m. (New York time) on the third 
Banking Day prior to the proposed date of the Bid Rate Loan(s); provided  
that Bid Rate Quotes submitted by the Bank serving as Administrative Agent 
(or any Affiliate of the Bank serving as Administrative Agent) in its 
capacity as a Bank may be submitted, and may only be submitted, if the Bank 
serving as Administrative Agent or such Affiliate notifies Borrower of the 
terms of the offer or offers contained therein not later than fifteen (15) 
minutes prior to the deadline for the other Banks. Any Bid Rate Quote so 
made shall (subject to Borrower’s satisfaction of the conditions precedent 
set forth in this Agreement to its entitlement to an advance) be 
irrevocable except with the written consent of Administrative Agent given 
on the instructions of Borrower. Bid Rate Loans to be funded pursuant to a 
Bid Rate Quote may, as provided in Section 12.16, be funded by a Bank’s 
Designated Lender. A Bank making a Bid Rate Quote shall specify in its Bid 
Rate Quote whether the related Bid Rate Loans are intended to be funded by 
such Bank’s Designated Lender, as provided in Section 12.16.

    (2)               Each Bid Rate Quote shall be in substantially the
    form of EXHIBIT G‑3 and shall in any case specify:

    (i)                 the proposed date of funding of the Bid Rate
    Loan(s);

    (ii)               the principal amount of the Bid Rate Loan(s) for
    which each such offer is being made, which principal amount (w) may be
    greater than or less than the applicable Loan Commitment of the quoting
    Bank, (x) must be in the aggregate at least Five Million Dollars
    ($5,000,000) and an integral multiple of One Hundred Thousand Dollars
    ($100,000), (y) may not exceed the principal amount of Bid Rate Loans
    for which offers were requested and (z) may be subject to an aggregate
    limitation as to the principal amount of Bid Rate Loans for which
    offers being made by such quoting Bank may be accepted;

    (iii)             the margin above or below the applicable LIBOR
    Interest Rate (the “LIBOR Bid Margin”) offered for each such Bid Rate
    Loan, expressed as a percentage

26
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
    per annum (specified to the nearest 1/1,000th of 1%) to be added to (or
    subtracted from) the applicable LIBOR Interest Rate;

    (iv)             the applicable Interest Period; and

    (v)               the identity of the quoting Bank.

A Bid Rate Quote may set forth up to five (5) separate offers by the 
quoting Bank with respect to each Interest Period specified in the related 
Invitation for Bid Rate Quotes.

    (3)               Any Bid Rate Quote shall be disregarded if it:

    (i)                 is not substantially in conformity with EXHIBIT G-3
    or does not specify all of the information required by sub-paragraph
    (c)(2) above;

    (ii)               contains qualifying, conditional or similar language
    (except for an aggregate limitation as provided in subparagraph
    (c)(2)(ii)(z) above);

    (iii)             proposes terms other than or in addition to those set
    forth in the applicable Invitation for Bid Rate Quotes (except for an
    aggregate limitation as provided in subparagraph (c)(2)(ii)(z) above);
    or

    (iv)             arrives after the time set forth in sub-paragraph
    (c)(1) above.

(d)               Administrative Agent shall no later than 10:15 a.m. (New 
York City time) on the third Banking Day prior to the proposed date for the 
requested Bid Rate Loan notify Borrower in writing of the terms of any Bid 
Rate Quote submitted by a Bank that is in accordance with paragraph (c). 
Any subsequent Bid Rate Quote shall be disregarded by Administrative Agent 
unless such subsequent Bid Rate Quote is submitted solely to correct a 
manifest error in such former Bid Rate Quote. Administrative Agent’s notice 
to Borrower shall specify (A) the aggregate principal amount of Bid Rate 
Loans for which offers have been received for each Interest Period 
specified in the related Bid Rate Quote Request, (B) the respective 
principal amounts and LIBOR Bid Margins so offered and (C) if applicable, 
limitations on the aggregate principal amount of Bid Rate Loans for which 
offers in any single Bid Rate Quote may be accepted.

(e)                Not later than 11:00 a.m. (New York time) on the third 
Banking Day prior to the proposed date of funding of the Bid Rate Loan, 
Borrower shall notify Administrative Agent of its acceptance or 
non-acceptance of the offers so notified to it pursuant to paragraph (d). A 
notice of acceptance shall be substantially in the form of EXHIBIT G-4 and 
shall specify the aggregate principal amount of offers for each Interest 
Period that are accepted. Borrower may accept any Bid Rate Quote in whole 
or in part; provided  that:

    (i)                 the principal amount of each Bid Rate Loan may not
    exceed the applicable amount set forth in the related Bid Rate Quote
    Request or be less than Five Million Dollars ($5,000,000) and shall be
    an integral multiple of One Hundred Thousand Dollars ($100,000);

27
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
    (ii)               acceptance of offers with respect to a particular
    Interest Period may only be made on the basis of ascending LIBOR Bid
    Margins offered for such Interest Period from the lowest effective
    cost; and

    (iii)             Borrower may not accept any offer that is described
    in subparagraph (c)(3) or that otherwise fails to comply with the
    requirements of this Agreement.

(f)                If offers are made by two (2) or more Banks with the 
same LIBOR Bid Margins, for a greater aggregate principal amount than the 
amount in respect of which such offers are permitted to be accepted for the 
related Interest Period, the principal amount of Bid Rate Loans in respect 
of which such offers are accepted shall be allocated by Administrative 
Agent among such Banks as nearly as possible (in multiples of One Hundred 
Thousand Dollars ($100,000)) in proportion to the aggregate principal 
amounts of such offers. Administrative Agent shall promptly (and in any 
event within one (1) Banking Day after such offers are accepted) notify 
Borrower and each such Bank in writing of any such allocation of Bid Rate 
Loans. Determinations by Administrative Agent of the allocation of Bid Rate 
Loans shall be conclusive in the absence of manifest error.

(g)               In the event that Borrower accepts the offer(s) contained 
in one (1) or more Bid Rate Quotes in accordance with paragraph (e), the 
Bank(s) making such offer(s) shall make a Bid Rate Loan in the accepted 
amount (as allocated, if necessary, pursuant to paragraph (f)) on the date 
specified therefor, in accordance with the procedures specified in Section 
2.05.

(h)               Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained 
herein, each Bank shall be required to fund its Pro Rata Share of the 
Available Total Loan Commitment in accordance with Section 2.01(b) despite 
the fact that any Bank’s Loan Commitment may have been or may be exceeded 
as a result of such Bank’s making Bid Rate Loans.

(i)                 A Bank who is notified that it has been selected to 
make a Bid Rate Loan as provided above may designate its Designated Lender 
(if any) to fund such Bid Rate Loan on its behalf, as described in Section 
12.16. Any Designated Lender which funds a Bid Rate Loan shall on and after 
the time of such funding become the obligee under such Bid Rate Loan and be 
entitled to receive payment thereof when due. No Bank shall be relieved of 
its obligation to fund a Bid Rate Loan, and no Designated Lender shall 
assume such obligation, prior to the time the applicable Bid Rate Loan is 
funded.

Section 2.03.  Swingline Loan Subfacility. 

(a)                Swingline Commitment. Subject to the terms and 
conditions of this Section 2.03, each Swingline Lender, in its individual 
capacity, agrees to make certain revolving credit loans in Dollars to 
Borrower (each a “Swingline Loan” and, collectively, the “Swingline  Loans
”) from time to time during the term hereof in an amount equal to its pro 
rata share of the Swingline Loans requested by Borrower in its notice of 
borrowing described in clause (b) below; provided, however, that the 
aggregate amount of Swingline Loans outstanding at any time shall not 
exceed the least of (i) Seventy-Five Million Dollars ($75,000,000), (ii) 
the Total Loan Commitment less the sum of (A) all Loans then outstanding, 
excluding Swingline Loans, and (B) the outstanding amount of all Letters of 
Credit and (iii) the Loan Commitment of the each Swingline Lender less

28
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
its Pro Rata Share of the principal amount of all Ratable Loans and Letters 
of Credit then outstanding (the “Swingline Commitment”). Subject to the 
limitations set forth herein, any amounts repaid in respect of Swingline 
Loans may be reborrowed.

(b)               Swingline Borrowings. 

    (1)               Notice of Borrowing. With respect to any Swingline
    Loan, Borrower shall give Swingline Lenders and Administrative Agent
    notice in writing which is received by Swingline Lenders and
    Administrative Agent not later than 2:00 p.m. (New York City time) on
    the proposed date of such Swingline Loan (and confirmed by telephone by
    such time), specifying (A) that a Swingline Loan is being requested,
    (B) the amount of such Swingline Loan, (C) the proposed date of such
    Swingline Loan, which shall be a Banking Day and (D) stating that no
    Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing both before
    and after giving effect to such Swingline Loan. Such notice shall be
    irrevocable.

    (2)               Minimum Amounts. Each Swingline Loan shall be at
    least Three Million Dollars ($3,000,000) and, or an integral multiple
    of One Million Dollars ($1,000,000).

    (3)               Repayment of Swingline Loans. Each Swingline Loan
    shall be due and payable on the earliest of (A) five (5) Banking Days
    from and including the date of such Swingline Loan, (B) the last
    calendar day of the month in which such Swingline Loan is made or (C)
    the Maturity Date. If, and to the extent, any Swingline Loans shall be
    outstanding on the date of any Ratable Loan, such Swingline Loans shall
    first be repaid from the proceeds of such Ratable Loan prior to the
    disbursement of the same to Borrower. If, and to the extent, a Ratable
    Loan is not requested prior to the earliest of the Maturity Date, the
    last calendar day of the month in which such Swingline Loan is made, or
    the end of the five (5) Banking Day period after such Swingline Loan
    was made, or unless Borrower shall have notified Administrative Agent
    and the Swingline Lender prior to 1:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the
    third (3rd) Banking Day after such Swingline Loan was made that
    Borrower intends to reimburse Swingline Lender for the amount of such
    Swingline Loan with funds other than proceeds of the Ratable Loans,
    Borrower shall be deemed to have requested a Ratable Loan comprised
    entirely of Base Rate Loans in the amount of the applicable Swingline
    Loan then outstanding, the proceeds of which shall be used to repay
    such Swingline Loan to Swingline Lenders. In addition, if (x) Borrower
    does not repay a Swingline Loan on or prior to the end of such five (5)
    Banking Day period, or (y) a Default or Event of Default shall have
    occurred during such five (5) Banking Day period, a Swingline Lender
    may, at any time, in its sole discretion, by written notice to the
    Borrower and Administrative Agent, demand repayment of all Swingline
    Loans by way of a Ratable Loan, in which case the Borrower shall be
    deemed to have requested a Ratable Loan comprised entirely of Base Rate
    Loans in the amount of such Swingline Loans then outstanding, the
    proceeds of which shall be used to repay such Swingline Loans to
    Swingline Lenders. Any Ratable Loan which is deemed requested by the
    Borrower in accordance with this Section 2.03(b)(3) is hereinafter
    referred to as a “Mandatory Borrowing”. Each Bank hereby irrevocably
    agrees to make Ratable Loans promptly upon receipt of notice from a
    Swingline Lender or the Administrative Agent of any such deemed request
    for a Mandatory Borrowing in the

29
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
    amount and in the manner specified in the preceding sentences and on
    the date such notice is received by such Bank (or the next Banking Day
    if such notice is received after 12:00 p.m. (New York City time))
    notwithstanding (I) the amount of the Mandatory Borrowing may not
    comply with the minimum amount of Ratable Loans otherwise required
    hereunder, (II) whether any conditions specified in Section 4.02 are
    then satisfied, (III) whether a Default or an Event of Default then
    exists, (IV) failure of any such deemed request for a Ratable Loan to
    be made by the time otherwise required in Section 2.05, (V) the date of
    such Mandatory Borrowing (provided that such date must be a Banking
    Day), or (VI) any termination of the Loan Commitments immediately prior
    to such Mandatory Borrowing or contemporaneously therewith; provided,
    however, that no Bank shall be obligated to make Ratable Loans in
    respect of a Mandatory Borrowing if a Default or an Event of Default
    then exists and the applicable Swingline Loan was made by Swingline
    Lenders without receipt of a written notice of borrowing in the form
    specified in Section 2.03(b)(1) or after Administrative Agent has
    delivered a notice of Default or Event of Default which has not been
    rescinded.

    (4)               Purchase of Participations. In the event that any
    Mandatory Borrowing cannot for any reason be made on the date otherwise
    required above (including, without limitation, as a result of the
    commencement of a proceeding under the Bankruptcy Code with respect to
    the Borrower), then each Bank hereby agrees that it shall forthwith
    purchase (as of the date the Mandatory Borrowing would otherwise have
    occurred, but adjusted for any payment received from the Borrower on or
    after such date and prior to such purchase) from Swingline Lenders such
    participations in the outstanding Swingline Loans as shall be necessary
    to cause each such Bank to share in such Swingline Loans ratably based
    upon its Pro Rata Share (determined before giving effect to any
    termination of the Loan Commitments), provided that (A) all interest
    payable on the Swingline Loans with respect to any participation shall
    be for the account of Swingline Lenders until but excluding the day
    upon which the Mandatory Borrowing would otherwise have occurred, and
    (B) in the event of a delay between the day upon which the Mandatory
    Borrowing would otherwise have occurred and the time any purchase of a
    participation pursuant to this sentence is actually made, the
    purchasing Bank shall be required to pay to Swingline Lenders interest
    on the principal amount of such participation for each day from and
    including the day upon which the Mandatory Borrowing would otherwise
    have occurred to but excluding the date of payment for such
    participation, at the rate equal to the Federal Funds Effective Rate,
    for the two (2) Banking Days after the date the Mandatory Borrowing
    would otherwise have occurred, and thereafter at a rate equal to the
    Base Rate. Notwithstanding the foregoing, no Bank shall be obligated to
    purchase a participation in any Swingline Loan if a Default or an Event
    of Default then exists and such Swingline Loan was made by Swingline
    Lenders without receipt of a written notice of borrowing in the form
    specified in Section 2.03(b)(1) or after Administrative Agent has
    delivered a notice of Default or Event of Default which has not been
    rescinded.

(c)                Interest Rate. Each Swingline Loan shall bear interest 
on the outstanding principal amount thereof, for each day from the date 
such Swingline Loan is made until the date it is repaid, at a rate per 
annum equal to the Base Rate plus the Applicable Margin for Base Rate 
Loans.

30
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
(d)               Replacement and Resignation of Swingline Lender.  Any 
Swingline Lender may be replaced at any time by written agreement among the 
Borrower, the Administrative Agent, the replaced Swingline Lender and the 
successor Swingline Lender.  The Administrative Agent shall notify the 
Banks of any such replacement of a Swingline Lender.  At the time any such 
replacement shall become effective, the Borrower shall pay all unpaid 
interest accrued for the account of the replaced Swingline Lender pursuant 
to Section 2.03(c).  From and after the effective date of any such 
replacement, (x) the successor Swingline Lender shall have all the rights 
and obligations of the replaced Swingline Lender under this Agreement with 
respect to Swingline Loans made thereafter and (y) references herein to the 
term “Swingline Lender” shall be deemed to refer to such successor or to 
any previous Swingline Lender, or to such successor and all previous 
Swingline Lenders and all other Swingline Lenders, as the context shall 
require.  After the replacement of a Swingline Lender hereunder, the 
replaced Swingline Lender shall remain a party hereto and shall continue to 
have all the rights and obligations of a Swingline Lender under this 
Agreement with respect to Swingline Loans made by it prior to its 
replacement, but shall not be required to make additional Swingline Loans.  
Subject to the appointment and acceptance by Administrative Agent and 
Borrower of a successor Swingline Lender, any Swingline Lender may resign 
as a Swingline Lender at any time upon thirty days’ prior written notice to 
the Administrative Agent, the Borrower and the Banks, in which case, such 
Swingline Lender shall be replaced as provided above.

Section 2.04.  Advances, Generally. The Initial Advance shall be at least 
One Million Dollars ($1,000,000) and in an integral multiple of One Hundred 
Thousand Dollars ($100,000) and shall be made upon satisfaction of the 
conditions set forth in Section 4.01. Subsequent advances shall be made 
upon satisfaction of the conditions set forth in Section 4.02. The amount 
of each advance subsequent to the Initial Advance shall, subject to Section 
2.13, be at least One Million Dollars ($1,000,000) (unless less than One 
Million Dollars ($1,000,000) is available for disbursement pursuant to the 
terms hereof at the time of any subsequent advance, in which case the 
amount of such subsequent advance shall be equal to such remaining 
availability) and in an integral multiple of One Hundred Thousand Dollars 
($100,000). Additional restrictions on the amounts and timing of, and 
conditions to the making of, advances of Bid Rate Loans and Swingline Loans 
are set forth in Sections 2.02 and 2.03, respectively.

Each advance shall be subject, in addition to the limitations and 
conditions applicable to advances of the Loans generally, to Administrative 
Agent’s receipt, on or immediately prior to the date the request for such 
advance is made, of a certificate from the officer requesting the advance 
certifying that Borrower is in compliance with all covenants enumerated in 
paragraphs 3(a) and 3(b) of Section 6.09 and containing covenant compliance 
calculations with respect to Sections 8.02 and 8.06 only, that include the 
proforma adjustments described below, which calculations shall demonstrate 
Borrower’s compliance with covenants on a proforma basis.

In connection with each advance of Loan proceeds, the following proforma 
adjustments shall be made to the covenant compliance calculations required 
with respect to Sections 8.02 and 8.06 as of the end of the most recently 
ended calendar quarter for which financial results are required hereunder 
to have been reported by Borrower:

31
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
    (i)                 Total Outstanding Indebtedness and Unsecured
    Indebtedness shall be adjusted by adding thereto, respectively, all
    Indebtedness and Unsecured Indebtedness, respectively, that is incurred
    by Borrower in connection with such advance;

    (ii)               Capitalization Value, shall be adjusted by adding
    thereto the purchase price of any Real Property Assets (including
    capitalized acquisition costs determined in accordance with GAAP) or
    the Net Equity Value of any Other Investments, together with the
    Borrower’s Pro Rata Share of any Unrestricted Cash and Cash
    Equivalents, the book value of notes and mortgage loans receivable and
    marketable securities and the cost of non-marketable securities that
    are acquired in connection with such advance; and

    (iii)             Capitalization Value of Unencumbered Assets shall be
    adjusted by adding thereto the purchase price of any Real Property
    Assets (including capitalized acquisition costs determined in
    accordance with GAAP) that are Unencumbered Assets together with
    Borrower’s Pro Rata Share of any Unrestricted Cash and Cash
    Equivalents, the book value of notes and mortgage loans receivable and
    marketable securities and the cost of non-marketable securities that
    are acquired in connection with such advance.

Section 2.05.  Procedures for Advances. In the case of advances of Ratable 
Loans, Borrower shall submit to Administrative Agent a request for each 
advance, stating the amount requested and the expected purpose for which 
such advance is to be used, no later than 11:00 a.m. (New York time) on the 
date, in the case of advances of Base Rate Loans, which is the proposed 
date of such Base Rate Loan, and, in the case of advances of LIBOR Loans, 
which is three (3) Banking Days, prior to the date such advance is to be 
made. In the case of advances of Bid Rate Loans, Borrower shall submit a 
Bid Rate Quote Request at the time specified in Section 2.02.  In the case 
of advances of Swingline Loans, Borrower shall submit a notice of borrowing 
at the time specified in Section 2.03.  Administrative Agent, upon its 
receipt and approval of the request for advance, will so notify the Banks 
by facsimile. Not later than 11:30 a.m. (New York time) on the date of each 
advance (or 1:00 p.m. (New York time) in the case of a Base Rate Loan for 
which the Borrower has made a Loan request on such date), each Bank (in the 
case of Ratable Loans) or the applicable Banks (in the case of Bid Rate 
Loans) shall, through its Applicable Lending Office and subject to the 
conditions of this Agreement, make the amount to be advanced by it on such 
day available to Administrative Agent, at Administrative Agent’s Office and 
in immediately available funds for the account of Borrower. The amount so 
received by Administrative Agent shall, subject to the conditions of this 
Agreement, be made available to Borrower, in immediately available funds, 
by Administrative Agent’s to an account designated by Borrower.

Section 2.06.  Interest Periods; Renewals. In the case of the LIBOR Loans, 
Borrower shall select an Interest Period of any duration in accordance with 
the definition of Interest Period in Section 1.01, subject to the following 
limitations: (1) no Interest Period may extend beyond the Maturity Date; 
(2) if an Interest Period would end on a day which is not a Banking Day, 
such Interest Period shall be extended to the next Banking Day, unless such 
Banking Day would fall in the next calendar month, in which event such 
Interest Period shall end on the immediately preceding Banking Day; and (3) 
only eight (8) discrete segments of a Bank’s Ratable Loan bearing interest 
at a LIBOR Interest Rate for a designated Interest Period pursuant to a 
particular Election, Conversion or Continuation, may be outstanding at any 
one time (each such segment of

32
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
each Bank’s Ratable Loan corresponding to a proportionate segment of each 
of the other Banks’ Ratable Loans).

Upon notice to Administrative Agent as provided in Section 2.14, Borrower 
may Continue any LIBOR Loan on the last day of the Interest Period of the 
same or different duration in accordance with the limitations provided 
above.

Section 2.07.  Interest. Borrower shall pay interest to Administrative 
Agent for the account of the applicable Bank on the outstanding and unpaid 
principal amount of the Loans, at a rate per annum as follows: (1) for Base 
Rate Loans at a rate equal to the Base Rate plus the Applicable Margin; (2) 
for LIBOR Loans at a rate equal to the applicable LIBOR Interest Rate plus 
the Applicable Margin; and (3) for Bid Rate Loans at a rate equal to the 
applicable LIBOR Bid Rate. Any principal amount not paid when due (when 
scheduled, at acceleration or otherwise) shall bear interest thereafter, 
payable on demand, at the Default Rate.

The interest rate on Base Rate Loans shall change when the Base Rate 
changes. Interest on Base Rate Loans, LIBOR Loans and Bid Rate Loans shall 
not exceed the maximum amount permitted under applicable law. Interest 
shall be calculated for the actual number of days elapsed on the basis of a 
year consisting of three hundred sixty (360) days.

Accrued interest shall be due and payable in arrears, (x) in the case of 
both Base Rate Loans and LIBOR Loans, on the first Banking Day of each 
calendar month and (y) in the case of Bid Rate Loans, at the expiration of 
the Interest Period applicable thereto, but no less frequently than once 
every three (3) months determined on the basis of the first (1st) day of 
the Interest Period applicable to the Loan in question; provided, however, 
that interest accruing at the Default Rate shall be due and payable on 
demand.

Section 2.08.  Fees. Borrower shall, during the term of the Loans 
commencing as of the Execution Date, pay to Administrative Agent for the 
account of each Bank a facility fee computed, on the daily Loan Commitment 
of such Bank, by multiplying the aggregate Loan Commitments on such day by 
an amount equal to the daily Facility Fee, calculated on the basis of a 
year of three hundred sixty (360) days for the actual number of days 
elapsed. The accrued facility fee shall be due and payable in arrears on 
the first Banking Day of January, April, July and October of each year, 
commencing on the first such date after the Execution Date, and upon the 
Maturity Date (as the case may be accelerated) or earlier termination of 
the Loan Commitments.

Section 2.09.  Notes. Unless otherwise requested by a Bank, any Ratable 
Loans and Swingline Loans made by each Bank under this Agreement shall be 
evidenced by, and repaid with interest in accordance with, a promissory 
note of Borrower in the form of EXHIBIT B duly completed and executed by 
Borrower, in a principal amount equal to such Bank’s Loan Commitment, 
payable to such Bank for the account of its Applicable Lending Office (each 
such note, as the same may hereafter be amended, modified, extended, 
severed, assigned, substituted, renewed or restated from time to time, 
including any substitute note pursuant to Section 3.07 or 12.05, a “
Ratable Loan Note”). The Bid Rate Loans of the Banks shall be evidenced by 
a single global promissory note of Borrower in the form of EXHIBIT C, duly 
completed and executed by Borrower, in the principal amount of Six Hundred 
Twenty Five Million Dollars ($625,000,000),

33
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
subject to adjustment pursuant to Sections 2.16(a) and (c), payable to 
Administrative Agent for the account of the respective Banks making Bid 
Rate Loans (such note, as the same may hereafter be amended, modified, 
extended, severed, assigned, substituted, renewed or restated from time to 
time, the “Bid Rate Loan Note”). A particular Bank’s Ratable Loan Note, 
together with its interest, if any, in the Bid Rate Loan Note, are referred 
to collectively in this Agreement as such Bank’s “Note”; all such Ratable 
Loan Notes and interests are referred to collectively in this Agreement as 
the “Notes”. The Ratable Loans shall mature, and all outstanding principal 
and accrued interest and other Obligations shall be paid in full, on the 
Maturity Date, or, in the case of Swingline Loans, in accordance with 
Section 2.03, in either case as the same may be accelerated in accordance 
with this Agreement. The outstanding principal amount of each Bid Rate Loan 
evidenced by the Bid Rate Loan Note, and all accrued interest and other 
sums with respect thereto, shall become due and payable to the Bank making 
such Bid Rate Loan at the earlier of the expiration of the Interest Period 
applicable thereto or the Maturity Date, as the same may be accelerated in 
accordance with this Agreement.

Each Bank is hereby authorized by Borrower to endorse on the schedule 
attached to the Ratable Loan Note held by it, the amount of each advance, 
and each payment of principal received by such Bank for the account of its 
Applicable Lending Office(s) on account of its Ratable Loans, which 
endorsement shall, in the absence of manifest error, be conclusive as to 
the outstanding balance of the Ratable Loans made by such Bank. 
Administrative Agent is hereby authorized by Borrower to endorse on the 
schedule attached to the Bid Rate Loan Note the amount of each Bid Rate 
Loan, the name of the Bank making the same, the date of the advance 
thereof, the interest rate applicable thereto and the expiration of the 
Interest Period applicable thereto (i.e., the maturity date thereof). The 
failure by Administrative Agent or any Bank to make such notations with 
respect to the Loans or each advance or payment shall not limit or 
otherwise affect the obligations of Borrower under this Agreement or the 
Notes.

In connection with a Refinancing Mortgage, Borrower shall deliver to the 
Administrative Agent, a mortgage note, payable to the Administrative Agent 
for the account of the Banks, which shall be secured by the applicable 
Refinancing Mortgage. Such note shall be in such form as shall be requested 
by Borrower, subject to the Administrative Agent’s reasonable approval. 
Each reference in this Agreement to the “Notes” shall be deemed to refer to 
and include any or all of such mortgage notes, as the context may require.

Section 2.10.  Prepayments. 

Without prepayment premium or penalty but subject to Section 3.05, Borrower 
may, upon at least one (1) Banking Day’s notice to Administrative Agent in 
the case of the Base Rate Loans, and at least three (3) Banking Days’ 
notice to Administrative Agent in the case of LIBOR Loans, prepay the 
Ratable Loans, in whole or in part, provided that (1) any partial 
prepayment under this Section shall be in integral multiples of One Million 
Dollars ($1,000,000); and (2) each prepayment under this Section shall 
include, at Administrative Agent’s option, all interest accrued on the 
amount of principal prepaid to (but excluding) the date of prepayment. 
Borrower shall have the right to prepay Bid Rate Loans only if so provided 
in the Bid Rate Loan Request, and otherwise with the consent of the Bank or 
the Designated Lender that funded the Bid Rate Loan that Borrower desires 
to prepay. Borrower may, from time to time on any Banking Day so long as 
prior notice is given to Administrative Agent and Swingline Lender no later 
than 1:00

34
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
p.m. (New York City time) on the day on which Borrower intends to make such 
prepayment, prepay any Swingline Loans in whole or in part in amounts 
aggregating at least One Hundred Thousand Dollars ($100,000), and in an 
integral multiple of One Hundred Thousand Dollars ($100,000) (or, if less, 
the aggregate outstanding principal amount of all Swingline Loans then 
outstanding) by paying the principal amount to be prepaid together with 
accrued interest thereon to the date of prepayment by initiating a wire 
transfer of the principal and interest on the Swingline Loans no later than 
1:00 P.M. (New York City time) on such day and Borrower shall deliver a 
federal reference number evidencing such wire transfer to Administrative 
Agent as soon as available thereafter on such day.

Section 2.11.  Method of Payment. 

Borrower shall make each payment under this Agreement and under the Notes 
not later than 1:00 p.m. (New York time) on the date when due in Dollars to 
Administrative Agent at Administrative Agent’s Office in immediately 
available funds, without condition or deduction for any counterclaim, 
defense, recoupment or setoff. Borrower shall deliver federal reference 
number(s) evidencing the applicable wire transfer(s) to Administrative 
Agent as soon as available thereafter on such day. Administrative Agent 
will thereafter, on the day of its receipt of each such payment(s), cause 
to be distributed to each Bank (1) such Bank’s appropriate share (based 
upon the respective outstanding principal amounts and interest due under 
the Loans of the Banks) of the payments of principal and interest in like 
funds for the account of such Bank’s Applicable Lending Office; and (2) 
fees payable to such Bank by Borrower in accordance with the terms of this 
Agreement. If and to the extent that the Administrative Agent shall receive 
any such payment for the account of the Banks on or before 11:00 a.m. (New 
York time) on any Banking Day, and Administrative Agent shall not have 
distributed to any Bank its applicable share of such payment on such day, 
Administrative Agent shall distribute such amount to such Bank together 
with interest thereon paid by the Administrative Agent, for each day from 
the date such amount should have been distributed to such Bank until the 
date Administrative Agent distributes such amount to such Bank, at the 
Prime Rate.

Except to the extent provided in this Agreement, whenever any payment to be 
made under this Agreement or under the Notes is due on any day other than a 
Banking Day, such payment shall be made on the next succeeding Banking Day, 
and such extension of time shall in such case be included in the 
computation of the payment of interest and other fees, as the case may be.

Section 2.12.  Elections, Conversions or Continuation of Loans.   

Subject to the provisions of Article III and Sections 2.06 and 2.13, 
Borrower shall have the right to Elect to have all or a portion of any 
advance of the Ratable Loans be LIBOR Loans, to Convert Base Rate Loans 
into LIBOR Loans, to Convert LIBOR Loans into Base Rate Loans, or to 
Continue LIBOR Loans as LIBOR Loans, at any time or from time to time, 
provided that: (1) Borrower shall give Administrative Agent notice of each 
such Election, Conversion or Continuation as provided in Section 2.14; and 
(2) a LIBOR Loan may be Continued or Converted only on the last day of the 
applicable Interest Period for such LIBOR Loan. Except as otherwise 
provided in this Agreement, each Election, Continuation and Conversion 
shall be applicable to each Bank’s Ratable Loan in accordance with its Pro 
Rata Share.  Notwithstanding

35
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
any contrary provision hereof, if an Event of Default has occurred and is 
continuing, the Administrative Agent, at the request of the Required Banks, 
may require, by notice to Borrower, that (i) no outstanding Ratable Loan 
may be converted to or continued as a LIBOR Loan and (ii) unless repaid, 
each Ratable Loan shall be converted to a Base Rate Loan at the end of the 
Interest Period applicable thereto.

Section 2.13.  Minimum Amounts. 

With respect to the Ratable Loans as a whole, each Election and each 
Conversion shall be in an amount at least equal to One Million Dollars 
($1,000,000) and in integral multiples of One Hundred Thousand Dollars 
($100,000) or such lesser amount as shall be available or outstanding, as 
the case may be.

Section 2.14.  Certain Notices Regarding Elections, Conversions and 
Continuations of Loans. 

Notices by Borrower to Administrative Agent of Elections, Conversions and 
Continuations of LIBOR Loans shall be irrevocable and shall be effective 
only if received by Administrative Agent not later than 11:00 a.m. (New 
York time) on the number of Banking Days prior to the date of the relevant 
Election, Conversion or Continuation specified below:

Notice 
Number of
Banking Days Prior
Conversions into or Continuances as Base Rate Loans
Same Banking Day
Elections of, Conversions into or Continuations as LIBOR Loans
Three (3)
 
Promptly following its receipt of any such notice, Administrative Agent 
shall so advise the Banks by facsimile. Each such notice of Election shall 
specify the portion of the amount of the advance that is to be LIBOR Loans 
(subject to Section 2.13) and the duration of the Interest Period 
applicable thereto (subject to Section 2.06); each such notice of 
Conversion shall specify the LIBOR Loans or Base Rate Loans to be 
Converted; and each such notice of Conversion or Continuation shall specify 
the date of Conversion or Continuation (which shall be a Banking Day), the 
amount thereof (subject to Section 2.13) and the duration of the Interest 
Period applicable thereto (subject to Section 2.06). In the event that 
Borrower fails to Elect to have any portion of an advance of the Ratable 
Loans be LIBOR Loans, the portion of such advance for which a LIBOR Loan 
Election is not made shall constitute Base Rate Loans. In the event that 
Borrower fails to Continue LIBOR Loans within the time period and as 
otherwise provided in this Section, such LIBOR Loans will be automatically 
Converted into Base Rate Loans on the last day of the then current 
applicable Interest Period for such LIBOR Loans.

Section 2.15.  Payments Generally. If any Bank shall fail to make any 
payment required to be made by it pursuant to Section 2.03(b)(4), 2.17(h) 
or 10.05, then the Administrative Agent may, in its discretion and 
notwithstanding any contrary provision hereof, (i) apply any amounts 
thereafter received by the Administrative Agent for the account of such 
Bank for the benefit of the Administrative Agent, the Swingline Lender or 
the Fronting Bank to satisfy such Bank’s obligations to it under such 
Section until all such unsatisfied obligations are fully paid, and/or (ii) 
hold any such amounts in a segregated account as cash collateral for, and

36
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
application to, any future funding obligations of such Bank under any such 
Section, in the case of each of clauses (i) and (ii) above, in any order as 
determined by the Administrative Agent in its discretion.

Section 2.16.  Changes of Loan Commitments. 

(a)                At any time, Borrower shall have the right, without 
premium or penalty, to terminate any unused Loan Commitments existing as of 
the date of such termination, in whole or in part, from time to time, 
provided that: (1) Borrower shall give notice of each such termination to 
Administrative Agent (which shall promptly notify each of the Banks) no 
later than 10:00 a.m. (New York time) on the date which is three (3) 
Banking Days prior to the effectiveness of such termination; (2) the Loan 
Commitments of each of the Banks must be terminated (and, in the case of a 
partial termination, on a pro rata basis) (taking into account, however, 
Section 2.02(h)) and simultaneously with those of the other Banks; and (3) 
each partial termination of the Loan Commitments in the aggregate (and 
corresponding reduction of the Total Loan Commitment) shall be in an 
integral multiple of One Million Dollars ($1,000,000). A reduction of the 
unused Loan Commitments pursuant to this Section 2.16(a) shall not effect a 
reduction in the Swingline Commitment (unless so elected by the Borrower) 
until the aggregate unused Loan Commitments have been reduced to an amount 
equal to or less than the Swingline Commitment.

(b)               The Loan Commitments and the Swingline Commitment, to the 
extent terminated pursuant to this Section 2.16, may not be reinstated.

(c)                Unless a Default or an Event of Default has occurred and 
is continuing, Borrower, by written notice to Administrative Agent, may 
request on up to four (4) occasions during the term of this Agreement that 
the Total Loan Commitment be increased by an amount not less than Twenty 
Five Million Dollars ($25,000,000) per request and not more than Five 
Hundred Million Dollars ($500,000,000) in the aggregate (such that the 
Total Loan Commitment after such increase shall never exceed One Billion 
Seven Hundred Fifty Million Dollars ($1,750,000,000)); provided  that for 
any such request (a) the Borrower shall not have delivered an Extension 
Notice prior to, or simultaneously with, such request, (b) any Bank which 
is a party to this Agreement prior to such request for increase, at its 
sole discretion, may elect to increase its Loan Commitment but shall not 
have any obligation to so increase its Loan Commitment, and (c) in the 
event that each Bank does not elect to increase its Loan Commitment, the 
Lead Arrangers shall use commercially reasonable efforts to locate 
additional Qualified Institutions willing to hold commitments for the 
requested increase, and Borrower may also identify additional Qualified 
Institutions willing to hold commitments for the requested increase; 
provided however that Administrative Agent, the Swingline Lender and each 
Fronting Bank shall have the right to approve any such additional Qualified 
Institutions, which approval will not be unreasonably withheld or delayed. 
In the event that Qualified Institutions commit to any such increase, the 
Total Loan Commitment and the Loan Commitments of the committed Banks shall 
be increased, the Pro Rata Shares of the Banks shall be adjusted, new Notes 
shall be issued, Borrower shall make such borrowings and repayments as 
shall be necessary to effect the reallocation of the Ratable Loans so that 
the Ratable Loans are held by the Banks in accordance with their Pro Rata 
Shares after giving effect to such increase, and other changes shall be 
made to the Loan Documents as may be necessary to reflect the aggregate 
amount, if any, by which Banks have agreed to increase their respective 
Loan Commitments or make new Loan Commitments in

37
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
response to the Borrower’s request for an increase in the Total Loan 
Commitment pursuant to this Section 2.16(c), in each case without the 
consent of the Banks other than those Banks increasing their Loan 
Commitments. The fees payable by Borrower upon any such increase in the 
Total Loan Commitment shall be agreed upon by the Lead Arranger and 
Borrower at the time of such increase.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing in this Section 2.16(c) shall 
constitute or be deemed to constitute an agreement by any Bank to increase 
its Loan Commitment hereunder.

Section 2.17.  Letters of Credit. 

(a)                Borrower, by notice to Administrative Agent and the 
applicable Fronting Bank, may request, in lieu of advances of proceeds of 
the Ratable Loans, that such Fronting Bank issue unconditional, irrevocable 
standby letters of credit (each, a “Letter of Credit”) for the account of 
Borrower or its designee (which shall be an Affiliate of Borrower) (it 
being understood that the issuance of a Letter of Credit for the account of 
a designee shall not in any way relieve Borrower of any of its obligations 
hereunder), payable by sight drafts, for such beneficiaries and with such 
other terms as Borrower shall specify. Unless the applicable Fronting Bank 
has received written notice from the Administrative Agent, not less than 
one (1) Banking Day prior to the requested date of issuance or amendment of 
the applicable Letter of Credit, that one or more applicable conditions 
contained in Section 4.02 shall not have been satisfied, then, subject to 
the terms and conditions hereof, such Fronting Bank, on the requested date, 
shall issue a Letter of Credit for the account of the Borrower or enter 
into the applicable amendment, as the case may be, in each case in 
accordance with such Fronting Bank’s usual and customary business 
practices. Promptly upon issuance of a Letter of Credit, the applicable 
Fronting Bank shall notify Administrative Agent and Administrative Agent 
shall notify each of the Banks by telephone or by facsimile.  
Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Fronting Banks shall 
have no obligation hereunder to issue, and shall not issue, any Letter of 
Credit the proceeds of which would be made available to any Person (i) to 
fund any activity or business of or with any Sanctioned Person, or in any 
country or territory that, at the time of such funding, is the subject of 
any Sanctions or (ii) in any manner that would result in a violation of any 
Sanctions by any party to this Agreement.

(b)               To request the issuance of a Letter of Credit (or the 
amendment, renewal or extension of an outstanding Letter of Credit), 
Borrower shall hand deliver or telecopy (or transmit by electronic 
communication, if arrangements for doing so have been approved by the 
applicable Fronting Bank) to the Fronting Bank or Fronting Banks which are 
being requested to issue (or has or have issued, in the case of an 
amendment, renewal or extension) such Letter of Credit and the 
Administrative Agent (reasonably in advance of the requested date of 
issuance, amendment, renewal or extension, but in any event no less than 
three Business Days or such shorter period as the applicable Fronting Bank 
shall agree to) a notice requesting the issuance of a Letter of Credit, or 
identifying the Letter of Credit to be amended, renewed or extended, and 
specifying the date of issuance, amendment, renewal or extension (which 
shall be a Business Day), the identity of the Fronting Bank(s) selected to 
issue such Letter of Credit, the date on which such Letter of Credit is to 
expire (which shall comply with paragraph (e) of this Section), the amount 
of such Letter of Credit, the name and address of the beneficiary thereof 
and such other information as shall be necessary to prepare, amend, renew 
or extend such Letter of Credit.  If requested by the Fronting Bank, 
Borrower also shall submit a letter of credit application on the

38
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
Fronting Bank’s standard form in connection with any request for a Letter 
of Credit; provided that the provisions of this Agreement shall prevail if 
there is an inconsistency between this Agreement and such letter of credit 
application.  The Borrower and the Fronting Banks shall use reasonable 
efforts, to the extent practical, to cause any Letters of Credit to be 
issued by the Fronting Banks on a proportionate basis in accordance with 
their respective Letter of Credit Commitments, although, for the avoidance 
of doubt, no single Letter of Credit will be required to be issued by more 
than one Fronting Bank unless the amount of such Letter of Credit will 
exceed the available Letter of Credit Commitment of the applicable Fronting 
Bank.  A Letter of Credit shall be issued, amended, renewed or extended 
only if (and upon issuance, amendment, renewal or extension of each Letter 
of Credit Borrower shall be deemed to represent and warrant that), after 
giving effect to such issuance, amendment, renewal or extension (i) (x) the 
aggregate undrawn amount of all outstanding Letters of Credit issued by the 
applicable Fronting Bank at such time plus (y) the aggregate amount of all 
drawings under Letters of Credit issued by such Fronting Bank that have not 
yet been reimbursed by or on behalf of the Borrower (including, for 
clarity, by means of advances of Loans pursuant to this Agreement) at such 
time shall not exceed its Letter of Credit Commitment (unless agreed to by 
such Fronting Bank), (ii) the aggregate LC Exposure at such time shall not 
exceed $200,000,000 (as such amount may be reduced by written notice from 
the Borrower consistent with Section 2.16(a) so long as the outstanding 
Letters of Credit do not exceed such reduced amount), (iii) the amount of 
such Letter of Credit shall not exceed the Available Total Loan Commitment, 
and (iv) the amount of such Letter of Credit shall not exceed the excess of 
the Fronting Bank’s Loan Commitment minus the sum of the outstanding 
principal amount of such Fronting Bank’s Ratable Loans, Swingline Exposure 
and LC Exposure at such time.  The Borrower may, at any time and from time 
to time, reduce the Letter of Credit Commitment of any Fronting Bank with 
the consent of such Fronting Bank; provided  that the Borrower shall not 
reduce the Letter of Credit Commitment of any Fronting Bank if, after 
giving effect of such reduction, the conditions set forth in clauses (i) 
through (iv) of this paragraph (b) shall not be satisfied.  The amount of 
each Letter of Credit issued and outstanding shall effect a reduction, by 
an equal amount, of the Available Total Loan Commitment as provided in 
Section 2.01(b) (such reduction to be allocated to each Bank’s Loan 
Commitment ratably in accordance with the Banks’ respective Pro Rata 
Shares).

(c)                The amount of each Letter of Credit shall be further 
subject to the conditions and limitations applicable to amounts of advances 
set forth in Section 2.04 and except as otherwise provided in clause (b) 
above, the procedures for the issuance of each Letter of Credit shall be 
the same as the procedures applicable to the making of advances as set 
forth in the first sentence of Section 2.05.

(d)               The Fronting Bank’s issuance of each Letter of Credit 
shall be subject to Borrower’s satisfaction of all conditions precedent to 
its entitlement to an advance of proceeds of the Loans.

(e)                Each Letter of Credit shall (1) unless approved by the 
Administrative Agent and the applicable Fronting Bank, expire no later than 
the earlier of (x) fourteen (14) days prior to the Maturity Date or (y) one 
(1) year after the date of its issuance (without regard to any automatic 
renewal provisions thereof), and (ii) be in a minimum amount of One Hundred 
Thousand Dollars ($100,000), or such lesser amount approved by the Fronting 
Bank. In no event shall a Letter of Credit expire later than the first 
anniversary of the Maturity Date. Notwithstanding the foregoing,

39
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
in the event that, with the approval of the Administrative Agent and the 
Fronting Bank, any Letters of Credit are issued and outstanding on the date 
that is fourteen (14) days prior to the Maturity Date, Borrower shall 
deliver to Administrative Agent on such date by wire transfer of 
immediately available funds a cash deposit in the amount of such Letters of 
Credit in accordance with the provisions of Section 2.17(i). Such funds 
shall be held by Administrative Agent and applied to repay the amount of 
each drawing under such Letters of Credit on or after the Maturity Date. 
Such funds, with any interest earned thereon, will be returned to Borrower 
(and may be returned from time to time with respect to any applicable 
Letter of Credit) on the earlier of (a) the date that the applicable Letter 
of Credit or Letters of Credit expire in accordance with their terms; and 
(b) the date that the applicable Letter of Credit or Letters of Credit are 
cancelled.

(f)                In connection with, and as a further condition to the 
issuance of, each Letter of Credit, Borrower shall execute and deliver to 
the Fronting Bank an application for the Letter of Credit in such form, and 
together with such other documents, opinions and assurances, as the 
Fronting Bank shall reasonably require.

(g)               In connection with each Letter of Credit, Borrower hereby 
covenants to pay (i) to Administrative Agent, quarterly in arrears (on the 
first Banking Day of each calendar quarter following the issuance of such 
Letter of Credit), a fee, payable to Administrative Agent for the account 
of the Banks, computed daily (calculated on the basis of a year of three 
hundred and sixty (360) days for the actual number of days elapsed) on the 
face amount of such Letter of Credit issued and outstanding at a rate per 
annum equal to the “Banks’ L/C Fee Rate” (as hereinafter defined) and (ii) 
to the Fronting Bank, payable quarterly in arrears, a fee, payable to the 
Fronting Bank for its own account, computed daily (calculated on the basis 
of a year of three hundred and sixty (360) days for the actual number of 
days elapsed) on the amount of such Letter of Credit issued and outstanding 
at a rate per annum equal to 0.125%.  Administrative Agent shall have no 
responsibility for the collection of the fee for any Letter of Credit that 
is payable to the Fronting Bank. For purposes of this Agreement, the 
“Banks’ L/C Fee Rate” shall mean, provided no Event of Default has occurred 
and is continuing, a rate per annum (calculated on the basis of a year of 
three hundred and sixty (360) days for the actual number of days elapsed) 
equal to the Applicable Margin for LIBOR Loans minus 0.125% and, in the 
event an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, a rate per annum 
(calculated on the basis of a year of three hundred and sixty (360) days 
for the actual number of days elapsed) equal to 3%. It is understood and 
agreed that the last installment of the fees provided for in this paragraph 
(g) with respect to any particular Letter of Credit shall be due and 
payable on the first day of the calendar quarter following the surrender or 
cancellation, of such Letter of Credit.

(h)               The Fronting Bank shall promptly notify Administrative 
Agent of any drawing under a Letter of Credit issued by such Fronting Bank. 
The parties hereto acknowledge and agree that, immediately upon notice from 
Administrative Agent of any drawing under a Letter of Credit, each Bank 
shall, notwithstanding the existence of a Default or Event of Default or 
the non-satisfaction of any conditions precedent to the making of an 
advance of the Loans, advance proceeds of its Ratable Loan, in an amount 
equal to its Pro Rata Share of such drawing, which advance shall be made to 
Administrative Agent for disbursement to the Fronting Bank issuing such 
Letter of Credit to reimburse the Fronting Bank, for its own account, for 
such drawing, all in satisfaction of Borrower’s obligation to reimburse 
such drawing. Each of the Banks further acknowledges that its obligation to 
fund its Pro Rata Share of drawings under Letters of Credit as

40
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
aforesaid shall survive the Banks’ termination of this Agreement or 
enforcement of remedies hereunder or under the other Loan Documents. If any 
Ratable Loan cannot for any reason be made on the date otherwise required 
above (including, without limitation, as a result of the commencement of a 
proceeding under any applicable bankruptcy law with respect to Borrower), 
then Borrower shall immediately reimburse such drawing by paying to the 
Administrative Agent the amount of such drawing and each of the Banks shall 
purchase (on the date such Ratable Loan would otherwise have been made) 
from the Fronting Bank a participation interest in any unreimbursed drawing 
in an amount equal to its Pro Rata Share of such unreimbursed drawing.

(i)                 Borrower agrees, upon and during the occurrence of an 
Event of Default and at the request of Administrative Agent or the Required 
Banks (or automatically upon an Event of Default under Section 9.01(5)), 
(x) to deposit with Administrative Agent cash collateral in the amount of 
all the outstanding Letters of Credit, which cash collateral is hereby 
pledged and shall be held by Administrative Agent for the benefit of the 
Banks and the Fronting Banks in an account as security for Borrower’s 
obligations in connection with the Letters of Credit and (y) to execute and 
deliver to Administrative Agent such documents as Administrative Agent 
requests to confirm and perfect the assignment of such cash collateral and 
such account to Administrative Agent for the benefit of the Banks. Any such 
cash collateral deposited with Administrative Agent shall be returned 
immediately to Borrower upon the cure of such Event of Default.

(j)                 It is hereby acknowledged and agreed by the Borrower, 
the Administrative Agent and all the Banks party hereto that on the 
Execution Date, the letters of credit previously issued by Bank of America, 
N.A., and/or JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. as “Fronting Bank” under the 
Existing 2011 Credit Agreement and listed on SCHEDULE 2.17(j) attached 
hereto shall be deemed to be Letters of Credit hereunder.

(k)               A Fronting Bank may be replaced at any time by written 
agreement in a form reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent 
among the Borrower, the Administrative Agent, the replaced Fronting Bank 
and the successor Fronting Bank.  In addition, the Borrower, by written 
agreement in a form reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent 
among Borrower, Administrative Agent and a Bank delivered to Administrative 
Agent, may designate such Bank as an additional Fronting Bank with such 
Letter of Credit Commitment as may be agreed on between such Bank and the 
Borrower provided that the sum of (x) all Letter of Credit Commitments plus 
(y) the aggregate undrawn amount of all outstanding Letters of Credit at 
such time plus (z) the aggregate amount of all drawings under Letters of 
Credit that have not yet been reimbursed by or on behalf of the Borrower 
(including, for clarity, by means of advances of Loans pursuant to this 
Agreement) shall not exceed $200,000,000 (and the Letter of Credit 
Commitment of each other Fronting Bank shall be reduced pro rata by the 
amount of the additional Fronting Bank’s Letter of Credit Commitment).  The 
Administrative Agent shall notify the Banks of any such replacement of the 
Fronting Bank and any additional Fronting Bank.  At the time any such 
replacement of a Fronting Bank shall become effective, the Borrower shall 
pay all unpaid fees accrued for the account of the replaced Fronting Bank 
pursuant to Section 2.17(g).  From and after the effective date of any such 
replacement or addition of a Fronting Bank, (x) the successor or additional 
(as applicable) Fronting Bank shall have all the rights and obligations of 
a Fronting Bank under this Agreement with respect to Letters of Credit to 
be issued thereafter and (y) references herein to the term “Fronting Bank” 
shall be deemed to refer to such successor or additional Fronting Bank, or 
to any previous

41
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
Fronting Bank, or to such successor or additional, and all previous, 
Fronting Banks and all other Fronting Banks, as the context shall require.  
After the replacement of a Fronting Bank hereunder, the replaced Fronting 
Bank shall remain a party hereto and shall continue to have all the rights 
and obligations of an Fronting Bank under this Agreement with respect to 
Letters of Credit issued by it prior to such replacement, but shall not be 
required to issue additional Letters of Credit.  Subject to the appointment 
and acceptance by Administrative Agent and Borrower of a successor Fronting 
Bank, any Fronting Bank may resign as a Fronting Bank at any time upon 
thirty days’ prior written notice to the Administrative Agent, the Borrower 
and the Banks, in which case, such Fronting Bank shall be replaced as 
provided above.

(l)                 The Borrower’s obligation to reimburse drawings under 
Letters of Credit as provided in paragraph (h) of this Section shall be 
absolute, unconditional and irrevocable, and shall be performed strictly in 
accordance with the terms of this Agreement under any and all circumstances 
whatsoever and irrespective of (i) any lack of validity or enforceability 
of any Letter of Credit or this Agreement, or any term or provision 
therein, (ii) any draft or other document presented under a Letter of 
Credit proving to be forged, fraudulent or invalid in any respect or any 
statement therein being untrue or inaccurate in any respect, (iii) payment 
by the Fronting Bank under a Letter of Credit against presentation of a 
draft or other document that does not comply with the terms of such Letter 
of Credit, or (iv) any other event or circumstance whatsoever, whether or 
not similar to any of the foregoing, that might, but for the provisions of 
this Section, constitute a legal or equitable discharge of, or provide a 
right of setoff against, the Borrower’s obligations hereunder.  Neither the 
Administrative Agent, the Banks nor the Fronting Bank shall have any 
liability or responsibility by reason of or in connection with the issuance 
or transfer of any Letter of Credit or any payment or failure to make any 
payment thereunder (irrespective of any of the circumstances referred to in 
the preceding sentence), or any error, omission, interruption, loss or 
delay in transmission or delivery of any draft, notice or other 
communication under or relating to any Letter of Credit (including any 
document required to make a drawing thereunder), any error in 
interpretation of technical terms or any consequence arising from causes 
beyond the control of the Fronting Bank; provided  that the foregoing shall 
not be construed to excuse the Fronting Bank from liability to the Borrower 
to the extent of any direct damages (as opposed to special, indirect, 
consequential or punitive damages, claims in respect of which are hereby 
waived by the Borrower to the extent permitted by applicable law) suffered 
by the Borrower that are caused by the Fronting Bank’s failure to exercise 
care when determining whether drafts and other documents presented under a 
Letter of Credit comply with the terms thereof.  The parties hereto 
expressly agree that, in the absence of gross negligence or wilful 
misconduct on the part of the Fronting Bank (as finally determined by a 
court of competent jurisdiction), the Fronting Bank shall be deemed to have 
exercised care in each such determination.  In furtherance of the foregoing 
and without limiting the generality thereof, the parties agree that, with 
respect to documents presented which appear on their face to be in 
substantial compliance with the terms of a Letter of Credit, the Fronting 
Bank may, in its sole discretion, either accept and make payment upon such 
documents without responsibility for further investigation, regardless of 
any notice or information to the contrary, or refuse to accept and make 
payment upon such documents if such documents are not in strict compliance 
with the terms of such Letter of Credit.

Section 2.18.  Extension Option. Borrower may extend the Maturity Date two 
(2) times only for a period of six (6) months per extension upon 
satisfaction of the following terms

42
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
and conditions for each extension: (i) delivery by Borrower of a written 
notice to Administrative Agent (an “Extension Notice”) on or before a date 
that is not more than one hundred twenty (120) days nor less than one (1) 
month prior to the then-scheduled Maturity Date, which Extension Notice 
Administrative Agent shall promptly deliver to the Banks, which Extension 
Notice shall include a certification dated as of the date of such Extension 
Notice signed by a duly authorized signatory of Borrower, stating, to the 
best of the certifying party’s knowledge, (x) all representations and 
warranties contained in this Agreement and in each of the other Loan 
Documents are true and correct on and as of the date of such Extension 
Notice (except in those cases where such representation or warranty 
expressly relates to an earlier date, in which case such representations 
and warranties were true and correct as of such date, and except for 
changes in factual circumstances not prohibited under the Loan Documents), 
and (y) no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing; (ii) no Event 
of Default shall have occurred and be continuing on the original Maturity 
Date (an “Extension Date”), and (iii) Borrower shall pay to Administrative 
Agent on or before such Extension Date a fee equal to (x) 0.0625% of the 
Total Loan Commitment for the first extension and (y) 0.075% of the Total 
Loan Commitment for the second extension, which fee shall be distributed by 
Administrative Agent pro rata to each of the Banks based on each Bank’s Pro 
Rata Share. Borrower’s delivery of an Extension Notice shall be 
irrevocable.

Article III

YIELD PROTECTION; ILLEGALITY; ETC.

Section 3.01.  Additional Costs. Borrower shall pay directly to each Bank 
from time to time on demand such amounts as such Bank may reasonably 
determine to be necessary to compensate it for any increased costs which 
such Bank determines are attributable to its making or maintaining a LIBOR 
Loan or a Bid Rate Loan, or its obligation to make or maintain a LIBOR Loan 
or a Bid Rate Loan, or its obligation to Convert a Base Rate Loan to a 
LIBOR Loan hereunder, or any reduction in any amount receivable by such 
Bank hereunder in respect of its LIBOR Loan or Bid Rate Loan(s) or such 
obligations (such increases in costs and reductions in amounts receivable 
being herein called “Additional Costs”), in each case resulting from any 
Regulatory Change which:

    (1)               subject any Recipient to any Taxes (other than (A)
    Indemnified Taxes, and (B) Excluded Taxes) on its loans, loan
    principal, letters of credit, commitments, or other obligations, or its
    deposits, reserves, other liabilities or capital attributable thereto;
    or

    (2)               (other than to the extent the LIBOR Reserve
    Requirement is taken into account in determining the LIBOR Rate at the
    commencement of the applicable Interest Period) imposes or modifies any
    reserve, special deposit, liquidity, deposit insurance or assessment,
    minimum capital, capital ratio or similar requirements relating to any
    extensions of credit or other assets of, or any deposits with or other
    liabilities of, such Bank (including any LIBOR Loan or Bid Rate Loan or
    any deposits referred to in the definition of “LIBOR Interest Rate”),
    or any commitment of such Bank (including such Bank’s Loan Commitment
    hereunder); or

43
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
    (3)               imposes any other condition, cost or expense (other
    than Taxes) affecting this Agreement or the Notes (or any of such
    extensions of credit or liabilities).

Without limiting the effect of the provisions of the first paragraph of 
this Section, in the event that, by reason of any Regulatory Change, any 
Bank becomes subject to restrictions on the amount of such a category of 
liabilities or assets which it may hold, then, if such Bank so elects by 
notice to Borrower (with a copy to Administrative Agent), the obligation of 
such Bank to permit Elections of, to Continue, or to Convert Base Rate 
Loans into, LIBOR Loans shall be suspended (in which case the provisions of 
Section 3.04 shall be applicable) until such Regulatory Change ceases to be 
in effect.

The obligations of Borrower under this Section shall survive the repayment 
of all amounts due under or in connection with any of the Loan Documents 
and the termination of the Loan Commitments in respect of the period prior 
to such termination.

Determinations and allocations by a Bank for purposes of this Section of 
the effect of any Regulatory Change pursuant to the first or second 
paragraph of this Section, on its costs or rate of return of making or 
maintaining its Loan or portions thereof or on amounts receivable by it in 
respect of its Loan or portions thereof, and the amounts required to 
compensate such Bank under this Section, shall be included in a calculation 
of such amounts given to Borrower and shall be conclusive absent manifest 
error.

Notwithstanding anything contained in this Article III to the contrary, 
Borrower shall only be obligated to pay any amounts due under this Section 
3.01 or under Section 3.06 if, and a Bank shall not exercise any right 
under this Section 3.01 or Sections 3.02, 3.03, 3.04 or 3.06 unless, the 
applicable Bank is generally imposing a similar charge on, or otherwise 
similarly enforcing its agreements with, its other similarly situated 
borrowers. In addition, Borrower shall not be obligated to compensate any 
Bank under any such provision for any amounts attributable to any period 
which is more than nine (9) months prior to such Bank’s delivery of notice 
thereof to Borrower (except that if a Regulatory Change is retroactive, 
then such period shall be extended to include the period of retroactive 
effect, provided that such Bank delivered notice thereof to Borrower no 
later than nine (9) months after the date on which the Regulatory Change 
with such retroactive effect was made).

For purposes of this Section 3.01, the term “Bank” includes any Fronting 
Bank.

Section 3.02.  Alternate Rate of Interest. If prior to the commencement of 
any Interest Period for a LIBOR Loan:

(a)                the Administrative Agent determines (which determination 
shall be conclusive absent manifest error) that adequate and reasonable 
means do not exist for ascertaining the LIBOR Interest Rate or the LIBOR 
Base Rate, as applicable, for such Interest Period; or

(b)               the Administrative Agent is advised by the Required Banks 
(or, in the case of a Bid Rate Loan, the Bank that is required to make such 
Loan) that the LIBOR Interest Rate or the LIBOR Base Rate, as applicable, 
for such Interest Period will not adequately and fairly reflect the cost to 
such Banks (or Bank) of making or maintaining their Loans (or its Loan) 
included in such borrowing for such Interest Period;

44
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
then the Administrative Agent shall give notice thereof to the Borrower and 
the Banks by telephone or telecopy as promptly as practicable thereafter 
and, until the Administrative Agent notifies the Borrower and the Banks 
that the circumstances giving rise to such notice no longer exist, (i) any 
notice by the Borrower of Election, Conversion or Continuation that 
requests the Conversion of any Loan to, or Continuation of any Loan as, a 
LIBOR Loan shall be ineffective, (ii) if the Borrower requests a Ratable 
Loan, such Loan shall be made or Continued as a Base Rate Loan and (iii) 
any request by the Borrower for a Bid Rate Loan shall be ineffective; 
provided  that if the circumstances giving rise to such notice do not 
affect all the Banks, then requests by the Borrower for Bid Rate Loans may 
be made to Banks that are not affected thereby.

Section 3.03.  Illegality. Notwithstanding any other provision of this 
Agreement, in the event that it becomes unlawful for any Bank or its 
Applicable Lending Office to honor its obligation to make or maintain a 
LIBOR Loan or Bid Rate Loan hereunder, to allow Elections or Continuations 
of a LIBOR Loan or to Convert a Base Rate Loan into a LIBOR Loan, then such 
Bank shall promptly notify Administrative Agent and Borrower thereof and 
such Bank’s obligation to make or maintain a LIBOR Loan or Bid Rate Loan, 
or to permit Elections of, to Continue, or to Convert its Base Rate Loan 
into, a LIBOR Loan shall be suspended (in which case the provisions of 
Section 3.04 shall be applicable) until such time as such Bank may again 
make and maintain a LIBOR Loan or Bid Rate Loan.

Section 3.04.  Treatment of Affected Loans. If the obligations of any Bank 
to make or maintain a LIBOR Loan or a Bid Rate Loan, or to permit an 
Election of a LIBOR Loan, to Continue its LIBOR Loan, or to Convert its 
Base Rate Loan into a LIBOR Loan, are suspended pursuant to Section 3.01 or 
3.03 (each LIBOR Loan or Bid Rate Loan so affected being herein called an 
“Affected Loan”), such Bank’s Affected Loan shall be automatically 
Converted into a Base Rate Loan (or, in the case of an Affected Loan that 
is a Bid Rate Loan, the interest rate thereon shall be converted to the 
rate applicable to Base Rate Loans) on the last day of the then current 
Interest Period for the Affected Loan (or, in the case of a Conversion or 
conversion resulting from Section 3.03, on such earlier date as such Bank 
may specify to Borrower).

To the extent that such Bank’s Affected Loan has been so Converted (or the 
interest rate thereon so converted), all payments and prepayments of 
principal which would otherwise be applied to such Bank’s Affected Loan 
shall be applied instead to its Base Rate Loan (or to its Bid Rate Loan 
bearing interest at the converted rate) and such Bank shall have no 
obligation to Convert its Base Rate Loan into a LIBOR Loan.

Section 3.05.  Certain Compensation. Other than in connection with a 
Conversion of an Affected Loan, Borrower shall pay to Administrative Agent 
for the account of the applicable Bank, upon the request of such Bank 
through Administrative Agent which request includes a calculation of the 
amount(s) due, such amount or amounts as shall be sufficient (in the 
reasonable opinion of such Bank) to compensate it for any loss, cost or 
expense which such Bank reasonably determines is attributable to:

    (1)               any payment or prepayment of a LIBOR Loan or Bid Rate
    Loan made by such Bank, or any Conversion of a LIBOR Loan (or
    conversion of the rate of interest on a

45
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
    Bid Rate Loan) made by such Bank, in any such case on a date other than
    the last day of an applicable Interest Period, whether by reason of
    acceleration or otherwise;

    (2)               any failure by Borrower for any reason to Convert a
    LIBOR Loan or a Base Rate Loan or to Continue a LIBOR Loan, as the case
    may be, to be Converted or Continued by such Bank on the date specified
    therefor in the relevant notice under Section 2.14;

    (3)               any failure by Borrower to borrow (or to qualify for
    a borrowing of) a LIBOR Loan or Bid Rate Loan which would otherwise be
    made hereunder on the date specified in the relevant Election notice
    under Section 2.14 or Bid Rate Quote acceptance under Section 2.02(e)
    given or submitted by Borrower; or

    (4)               any failure by Borrower to prepay a LIBOR Loan or Bid
    Rate Loan on the date specified in a notice of prepayment.

Without limiting the foregoing, such compensation shall include an amount 
equal to the present value (using as the discount rate an interest rate 
equal to the rate determined under (2) below) of the excess, if any, of (1) 
the amount of interest (less the Applicable Margin) which otherwise would 
have accrued on the principal amount so paid, prepaid, Converted or 
Continued (or not Converted, Continued or borrowed) for the period from the 
date of such payment, prepayment, Conversion or Continuation (or failure to 
Convert, Continue or borrow) to the last day of the then current applicable 
Interest Period (or, in the case of a failure to Convert, Continue or 
borrow, to the last day of the applicable Interest Period which would have 
commenced on the date specified therefor in the relevant notice) at the 
applicable rate of interest for the LIBOR Loan or Bid Rate Loan provided 
for herein, over (2) the amount of interest (as reasonably determined by 
such Bank) based upon the interest rate which such Bank would have bid in 
the London interbank market for Dollar deposits, for amounts comparable to 
such principal amount and maturities comparable to such period. A 
determination of any Bank as to the amounts payable pursuant to this 
Section shall be conclusive absent manifest error.

The obligations of Borrower under this Section shall survive the repayment 
of all amounts due under or in connection with any of the Loan Documents 
and the termination of the Loan Commitments in respect of the period prior 
to such termination.

Section 3.06.  Capital Adequacy. If any Bank shall have determined that, 
after the date hereof, due to any Regulatory Change or the adoption of, or 
any change in, any applicable law, rule or regulation regarding capital 
adequacy or liquidity requirements, or any change in the interpretation or 
administration thereof by any Governmental Authority, central bank or 
comparable agency charged with the interpretation or administration 
thereof, or any request or directive regarding capital adequacy or 
liquidity requirements (whether or not having the force of law) of any such 
Governmental Authority, central bank or comparable agency, has or would 
have the effect of reducing the rate of return on capital of such Bank (or 
its Parent) as a consequence of such Bank’s obligations hereunder to a 
level below that which such Bank (or its Parent) could have achieved but 
for such adoption, change, request or directive (taking into consideration 
its policies with respect to capital adequacy and liquidity) by an amount 
deemed by such Bank to be material, then from time to time, within fifteen 
(15) days after demand by such

46
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
Bank (with a copy to Administrative Agent), Borrower shall pay to such Bank 
such additional amount or amounts as will compensate such Bank (or its 
Parent) for such reduction. A certificate of any Bank claiming compensation 
under this Section, setting forth in reasonable detail the basis therefor, 
shall be conclusive absent manifest error.  The obligations of Borrower 
under this Section shall survive the repayment of all amounts due under or 
in connection with any of the Loan Documents and the termination of the 
Loan Commitments in respect of the period prior to such termination.

Section 3.07.  Substitution of Banks. If any Bank (an “Affected Bank”) (i) 
makes demand upon Borrower for (or if Borrower is otherwise required to 
pay) Additional Costs pursuant to Section 3.01, (ii) is unable to make or 
maintain a LIBOR Loan or Bid Rate Loan as a result of a condition described 
in Section 3.03 or clause (2) of Section 3.02, (iii) has any increased 
costs as described in Section 3.06, (iv) requires the Borrower to pay any 
Indemnified Taxes or other amounts to such Bank or any Governmental 
Authority pursuant to Section 10.13, or (v) becomes a Defaulting Lender, 
Borrower may, within ninety (90) days of receipt of such demand or notice 
of the occurrence of an event described above in this Section 3.07 
(provided (A) such 90-day limit shall not be applicable for a Defaulting 
Lender and (B) such 90-day period shall be extended for an additional 
period of 60 days if Borrower shall have attempted during such 90-day 
period to secure a Replacement Bank (as defined below) and shall be 
diligently pursuing such attempt), give written notice (a “Replacement 
Notice”) to Administrative Agent and to each Bank of Borrower’s intention 
either (x) to prepay in full the Affected Bank’s Loans and to terminate the 
Affected Bank’s entire Loan Commitment or (y) to replace the Affected Bank 
with another financial institution (the “Replacement Bank”) designated in 
such Replacement Notice. After its replacement, an Affected Bank shall 
remain entitled to the benefits of Sections 3.01, 3.06, 10.13 and 12.04 in 
respect of the period prior to its replacement.

In the event Borrower opts to give the notice provided for in clause (x) 
above, and if the Affected Bank shall not agree within thirty (30) days of 
its receipt thereof to waive the payment of the Additional Costs, 
Indemnified Taxes  or other amounts in question or the effect of the 
circumstances described in Section 3.03, in clause (2) of Section 3.02 or 
in Section 3.06 or the Affected Bank shall continue to be a Defaulting 
Lender, then, so long as no Event of Default shall exist, Borrower may 
(notwithstanding the provisions of clause (2) of Section 2.16(a)) terminate 
the Affected Bank’s entire Loan Commitment, provided  that in connection 
therewith it pays to the Affected Bank all outstanding principal and 
accrued and unpaid interest under the Affected Bank’s Loans, together with 
all other amounts, if any, due from Borrower to the Affected Bank, 
including all amounts properly demanded and unreimbursed under Sections 
3.01, 3.05 or 10.13. After any termination as provided in this paragraph, 
an Affected Bank shall remain entitled to the benefits of Sections 3.01, 
3.06, 10.13 and 12.04 in respect of the period prior to such termination.

In the event Borrower opts to give the notice provided for in clause (y) 
above, and if Administrative Agent shall promptly (and in any event, within 
thirty (30) days of its receipt of the Replacement Notice), notify Borrower 
and each Bank in writing that the Replacement Bank is reasonably 
satisfactory to Administrative Agent, then the Affected Bank shall, so long 
as no Event of Default shall exist, assign its Loans and all of its rights 
and obligations under this Agreement to the Replacement Bank, and the 
Replacement Bank shall assume all of the Affected Bank’s rights and 
obligations, pursuant to an agreement, substantially in the form of an

47
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
Assignment and Assumption Agreement, executed by the Affected Bank and the 
Replacement Bank. In connection with such assignment and assumption, the 
Replacement Bank shall pay to the Affected Bank an amount equal to the 
outstanding principal amount of the Affected Bank’s Loans plus all interest 
accrued thereon, plus all other amounts, if any (other than the Additional 
Costs in question), then due and payable to the Affected Bank; provided, 
however, that prior to or simultaneously with any such assignment and 
assumption, Borrower shall have paid to such Affected Bank all amounts 
properly demanded and unreimbursed under Sections 3.01, 3.05 and 10.13. 
Upon the effective date of such assignment and assumption, the Replacement 
Bank shall become a Bank Party to this Agreement and shall have all the 
rights and obligations of a Bank as set forth in such Assignment and 
Assumption Agreement, and the Affected Bank shall be released from its 
obligations hereunder, and no further consent or action by any party shall 
be required. Upon the consummation of any assignment pursuant to this 
Section, a substitute Ratable Loan Note shall be issued to the Replacement 
Bank by Borrower, in exchange for the return of the Affected Bank’s Ratable 
Loan Note. The obligations evidenced by such substitute note shall 
constitute “Obligations” for all purposes of this Agreement and the other 
Loan Documents. If the Replacement Bank is not incorporated under the laws 
of the United States of America or a state thereof, it shall, prior to the 
first date on which interest or fees are payable hereunder for its account, 
deliver to Borrower and Administrative Agent a certification as to 
exemption from deduction or withholding of any United States federal income 
taxes in accordance with Section 10.13. Each Replacement Bank shall be 
deemed to have made the representations contained in, and shall be bound by 
the provisions of, Section 10.13. After any assignment as provided in this 
paragraph, an Affected Bank shall remain entitled to the benefits of 
Sections 3.01, 3.06, 10.13 and 12.04 in respect of the period prior to such 
assignment.

Borrower, Administrative Agent and the Banks shall execute such 
modifications to the Loan Documents as shall be reasonably required in 
connection with and to effectuate the foregoing.

Section 3.08.  Obligation of Banks to Mitigate. Each Bank agrees that, as 
promptly as practicable after such Bank has actual knowledge of the 
occurrence of an event or the existence of a condition that would cause 
such Bank to become an Affected Bank or that would entitle such Bank to 
receive payments under Sections 3.01, 3.02, 3.03, 3.06 or 10.13, it will, 
to the extent not inconsistent with any applicable legal or regulatory 
restrictions, use reasonable efforts at the cost and expense of the 
Borrower (i) to make, issue, fund, or maintain the Loan Commitment of such 
Bank or the affected Loans of such Bank through another lending office of 
such Bank, or (ii) to assign its rights and obligations hereunder to 
another of its offices, branches or Affiliates, if as a result thereof the 
circumstances that would cause such Bank to be an Affected Bank would cease 
to exist or the additional amounts that would otherwise be required to be 
paid to such Bank pursuant to Sections 3.01, 3.02, 3.03, 3.06 or 10.13 
would be reduced and if, as reasonably determined by such Bank in its sole 
discretion, the making, issuing, funding, or maintaining of such Loan 
Commitment or Loans through such other lending office or in accordance with 
such other measures, as the case may be, would not otherwise adversely 
affect such Loan Commitment or Loans or would not be otherwise 
disadvantageous to the interests of such Bank.

48
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
Article IV

CONDITIONS PRECEDENT

Section 4.01.  Conditions Precedent to the Loans. The obligations of the 
Banks hereunder and the obligation of each Bank to make the Initial Advance 
are subject to the condition precedent that Administrative Agent shall have 
received on or before the Execution Date (other than with respect to 
paragraphs (11) and (14) below, which shall be required by the Closing 
Date) each of the following documents, and each of the following 
requirements shall have been fulfilled:

    (1)               Fees and Expenses. The payment of all fees and
    expenses owed to or incurred by Administrative Agent in connection with
    the origination of the Loans (including, without limitation, the
    reasonable fees and expenses of legal counsel);

    (2)               Note. A Ratable Loan Note for each Bank, unless not
    requested by such Bank, and the Bid Rate Loan Note for Administrative
    Agent, each duly executed by Borrower;

    (3)               Financial Statements. Audited Borrower’s Consolidated
    Financial Statements as of and for the year ended December 31, 2015;

    (4)               Certificates of Limited Partnership/Trust. A copy of
    the Certificate of Limited Partnership for Borrower and a copy of the
    articles of trust of General Partner, each certified by the appropriate
    Secretary of State or equivalent state official;

    (5)               Agreements of Limited Partnership/Bylaws. A copy of
    the Agreement of Limited Partnership for Borrower and a copy of the
    bylaws of General Partner, including all amendments thereto, each
    certified by the Secretary or an Assistant Secretary of General Partner
    as being in full force and effect on the Execution Date;

    (6)               Good Standing Certificates. A certified copy of a
    certificate from the Secretary of State or equivalent state official of
    the states where Borrower and General Partner are organized, dated as
    of the most recent practicable date, showing the good standing or
    partnership qualification of (i) Borrower and (ii) General Partner;

    (7)               Foreign Qualification Certificates. A certified copy
    of a certificate from the Secretary of State or equivalent state
    official of the state where Borrower and General Partner maintain their
    principal places of business, dated as of the most recent practicable
    date, showing the qualification to transact business in such state as a
    foreign limited partnership or foreign trust, as the case may be, for
    (i) Borrower and (ii) General Partner;

    (8)               Resolutions. A copy of a resolution or resolutions
    adopted by the Board of Trustees of General Partner, certified by the
    Secretary or an Assistant Secretary of General Partner as being in full
    force and effect on the Execution Date, authorizing the Loans provided
    for herein and the execution, delivery and performance of the Loan
    Documents to be executed and delivered by General Partner hereunder on
    behalf Borrower;

49
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
    (9)               Incumbency Certificate. A certificate, signed by the
    Secretary or an Assistant Secretary of General Partner and dated the
    Execution Date, as to the incumbency, and containing the specimen
    signature or signatures, of the Persons authorized to execute and
    deliver the Loan Documents to be executed and delivered by it and
    Borrower hereunder;

    (10)           Solvency Certificate. A Solvency Certificate, duly
    executed, from Borrower;

    (11)           Opinion of Counsel for Borrower. Favorable opinions,
    dated as of the Closing Date, from counsels for Borrower and General
    Partner, as to such matters as Administrative Agent may reasonably
    request;

    (12)           Authorization Letter. The Authorization Letter, duly
    executed by Borrower;

    (13)           Intentionally Omitted. 

    (14)           Request for Advance. A request for an advance in
    accordance with Section 2.05;

    (15)           Certificate. The following statements shall be true and
    Administrative Agent shall have received a certificate dated as of the
    Execution Date signed by a duly authorized signatory of Borrower
    stating, to the best of the certifying party’s knowledge, the
    following:

        (a)                All representations and warranties contained in
        this Agreement and in each of the other Loan Documents are true and
        correct on and as of the Execution Date as though made on and as of
        such date, and

        (b)               No Default or Event of Default has occurred and
        is continuing;

    (16)           Compliance Certificate. A certificate of the sort
    required by paragraph (3) of Section 6.09; and

    (17)           Insurance. Evidence of the insurance described in
    Section 5.17.

    (18)           KYC Information.  The Administrative Agent and the Banks
    shall have received all documentation and other information about the
    Borrower as shall have been reasonably requested by the Administrative
    Agent or such Bank that it shall have reasonably determined is required
    by regulatory authorities under applicable “know your customer” and
    anti-money laundering rules and regulations.

Section 4.02.  Conditions Precedent to Advances After the Initial Advance.  
The obligation of each Bank to make any advance of the Loans or issue, 
renew or increase the amount of any Letter of Credit subsequent to the 
Initial Advance shall be subject to satisfaction of the following 
conditions precedent:

50
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
    (1)               No Default or Event of Default shall have occurred
    and be continuing;

    (2)               Each of the representations and warranties of
    Borrower contained in this Agreement and in each of the other Loan
    Documents shall be true and correct in all material respects as of the
    date of the advance, issuance, renewal or increase (except in those
    cases where such representation or warranty expressly relates to an
    earlier date or is qualified as to “materiality”, “Material Adverse
    Change” or similar language (which shall be true and correct in all
    respects) and except for changes in factual circumstances permitted
    hereunder); and

    (3)               Administrative Agent shall have received a request
    for an advance in accordance with Section 2.05.

Section 4.03.  Deemed Representations. Each request by Borrower for, and 
acceptance by Borrower of, an advance of proceeds of the Loans or the 
issuance, renewal or increase of any Letter of Credit, shall constitute a 
representation and warranty by Borrower that, as of both the date of such 
request and the date of such advance, issuance, renewal or increase (1) no 
Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing as of the date 
of such advance, issuance, renewal or increase, and (2) each of the 
representations and warranties by Borrower contained in this Agreement and 
in each of the other Loan Documents is true and correct in all material 
respects on and as of such date with the same effect as if made on and as 
of such date, except where such representation or warranty expressly 
relates to an earlier date and except for changes in factual circumstances 
not prohibited hereunder. In addition, the request by Borrower for, and 
acceptance by Borrower of, the Initial Advance shall constitute a 
representation and warranty by Borrower that, as of the Closing Date, each 
certificate delivered pursuant to Section 4.01 is true and correct in all 
material respects.

Article V

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

Borrower represents and warrants to Administrative Agent and each Bank as 
follows:

Section 5.01.  Existence. Borrower is a limited partnership duly organized 
and existing under the laws of the State of Delaware, with its principal 
executive office in the State of New York, and is duly qualified as a 
foreign limited partnership, properly licensed, in good standing and has 
all requisite authority to conduct its business in each jurisdiction in 
which it owns properties or conducts business except where the failure to 
be so qualified or to obtain such authority would not constitute a Material 
Adverse Change. Each of its Consolidated Businesses is duly organized, 
validly existing and in good standing under the laws of its jurisdiction of 
organization and has all requisite authority to conduct its business in 
each jurisdiction in which it owns property or conducts business, except 
where the failure to be so qualified or to obtain such authority would not 
constitute a Material Adverse Change. General Partner is a REIT duly 
organized and existing under the laws of the State of Maryland, with its 
principal executive office in the State of New York, is duly qualified as a 
foreign corporation or trust and properly licensed and in good standing in 
each jurisdiction where the failure to qualify or be licensed

51
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
would constitute a Material Adverse Change. The common shares of beneficial 
interest of General Partner are listed on the New York Stock Exchange.

Section 5.02.  Corporate/Partnership Powers. The execution, delivery and 
performance of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents required to be 
delivered by Borrower hereunder are within its partnership authority, have 
been duly authorized by all requisite action, and are not in conflict with 
the terms of any organizational documents of such entity, or any instrument 
or agreement to which Borrower or General Partner is a party or by which 
Borrower, General Partner or any of their respective assets may be bound or 
affected (which conflict with any such instrument or agreement would likely 
cause a Material Adverse Change).

Section 5.03.  Power of Officers. The officers of General Partner executing 
the Loan Documents required to be delivered by it on behalf of Borrower 
hereunder have been duly elected or appointed and were fully authorized to 
execute the same at the time each such Loan Document was executed.

Section 5.04.  Power and Authority; No Conflicts: Compliance With Laws. The 
execution and delivery of, and the performance of the obligations required 
to be performed by Borrower under, the Loan Documents do not and will not 
(a) violate any provision of, or, except for those which have been made or 
obtained, require any filing (other than SEC disclosure filings), 
registration, consent or approval under, any Law (including, without 
limitation, Regulation U), order, writ, judgment, injunction, decree, 
determination or award presently in effect having applicability to it, 
except for such violations, or filings, registrations, consents and 
approvals which if not done or obtained would not likely cause a Material 
Adverse Change to occur, (b) result in a breach of or constitute a default 
under or require any consent under any indenture or loan or credit 
agreement or any other agreement, lease or instrument to which it may be a 
party or by which it or its properties may be bound or affected except for 
consents which have been obtained or which if not obtained are not likely 
to cause a Material Adverse Change to occur, (c) result in, or require, the 
creation or imposition of any Lien, upon or with respect to any of its 
properties now owned or hereafter acquired which would likely cause a 
Material Adverse Change to occur, or (d) cause it to be in default under 
any such Law, order, writ, judgment, injunction, decree, determination or 
award or any such indenture, agreement, lease or instrument which would 
likely cause a Material Adverse Change to occur; to the best of its 
knowledge, Borrower is in compliance with all Laws applicable to it and its 
properties where the failure to be in compliance would cause a Material 
Adverse Change to occur.

Section 5.05.  Legally Enforceable Agreements. Each Loan Document is a 
legal, valid and binding obligation of Borrower, enforceable in accordance 
with its terms, except to the extent that such enforcement may be limited 
by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency and other similar laws affecting 
creditors’ rights generally, as well as general principles of equity.

Section 5.06.  Litigation. Except as disclosed in General Partner’s SEC 
Reports existing as of the date hereof, there are no investigations, 
actions, suits or proceedings pending or, to its knowledge, threatened 
against Borrower, General Partner or any of their Affiliates before any 
court or arbitrator or any Governmental Authority reasonably likely to (i) 
have a material effect on Borrower’s ability to repay the Loans, (ii) 
result in a Material Adverse Change, or (iii) affect the validity or 
enforceability of any Loan Document.

52
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
Section 5.07.  Good Title to Properties. Borrower and each of its Material 
Affiliates have good, marketable and legal title to all of the properties 
and assets each of them purports to own (including, without limitation, 
those reflected in the financial statements referred to in Sections 4.01(3) 
and 5.15 and only with exceptions which do not materially detract from the 
value of such property or assets or the use thereof in Borrower’s and such 
Affiliate’s businesses, and except to the extent that any such properties 
and assets have been encumbered or disposed of since the date of such 
financial statements without violating any of the covenants contained in 
Article VII or elsewhere in this Agreement) and except where failure to 
comply with the foregoing would likely result in a Material Adverse Change. 
Borrower and its Material Affiliates enjoy peaceful and undisturbed 
possession of all leased property under leases which are valid and 
subsisting and are in full force and effect, except to the extent that the 
failure to be so would not likely result in a Material Adverse Change.

Section 5.08.  Taxes. Borrower has filed all tax returns (federal, state 
and local) required to be filed and has paid all taxes, assessments and 
governmental charges and levies due and payable without the imposition of a 
penalty, including interest and penalties, except to the extent they are 
the subject of a Good Faith Contest or where the failure to comply with the 
foregoing would not likely result in a Material Adverse Change.

Section 5.09.  ERISA. To the knowledge of Borrower, each Plan is in 
compliance in all material respects with its terms and all applicable 
provisions of ERISA. Neither a Reportable Event nor a Prohibited 
Transaction has occurred with respect to any Plan that, assuming the 
taxable period of the transaction expired as of the date hereof, could 
subject Borrower, General Partner or any ERISA Affiliate to a tax or 
penalty imposed under Section 4975 of the Code or Section 502(i) of ERISA 
in an amount that is in excess of $250,000; except as would not likely 
result in a Material Adverse Change, no Reportable Event has occurred with 
respect to any Plan within the last six (6) years; except as would not 
likely result in a Material Adverse Change, no notice of intent to 
terminate a Plan has been filed nor has any Plan been terminated within the 
past five (5) years; to the knowledge of Borrower, there are no 
circumstances which constitute grounds under Section 4042 of ERISA 
entitling the PBGC to institute proceedings to terminate, or appoint a 
trustee to administer, a Plan, nor has the PBGC instituted any such 
proceedings; except as would not likely result in a Material Adverse 
Change, Borrower, General Partner and the ERISA Affiliates have met the 
minimum funding requirements of Section 412 of the Code and Section 302 of 
ERISA of each with respect to the Plans of each and except as disclosed in 
the Borrower’s Consolidated Financial Statements there was no Unfunded 
Current Liability with respect to any Plan established or maintained by 
each as of the last day of the most recent plan year of each Plan; and 
except as would not likely result in a Material Adverse Change, Borrower, 
General Partner and the ERISA Affiliates have not incurred any liability to 
the PBGC under ERISA (other than for the payment of premiums under Section 
4007 of ERISA) which is due and payable for more than 45 days and has not 
been reserved against. None of the assets of Borrower or General Partner 
under this Agreement constitute “plan assets” of any “employee benefit 
plan” within the meaning of ERISA or of any “plan” within the meaning of 
Section 4975(e)(1) of the Code, as interpreted by the Internal Revenue 
Service and the U.S. Department of Labor in rules, regulations, releases or 
bulletins or as interpreted under applicable case law.

Section 5.10.  No Default on Outstanding Judgments or Orders. Borrower has 
satisfied all judgments which are not being appealed and is not in default 
with respect to any rule or

53
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
regulation or any judgment, order, writ, injunction or decree applicable to 
Borrower, of any court, arbitrator or federal, state, municipal or other 
Governmental Authority, commission, board, bureau, agency or 
instrumentality, domestic or foreign, in each case which failure to satisfy 
or which being in default is likely to result in a Material Adverse Change.

Section 5.11.  No Defaults on Other Agreements. Except as disclosed to the 
Bank Parties in writing or as disclosed in General Partner’s SEC Reports 
existing as of the date hereof, Borrower, to the best of its knowledge, is 
not a party to any indenture, Joan or credit agreement or any lease or 
other agreement or instrument or subject to any partnership, trust or other 
restriction which is likely to result in a Material Adverse Change. To the 
best of its knowledge, Borrower is not in default in any respect in the 
performance, observance or fulfillment of any of the obligations, covenants 
or conditions contained in any agreement or instrument which is likely to 
result in a Material Adverse Change.

Section 5.12.  Government Regulation. Neither Borrower nor General Partner 
is subject to regulation under the Investment Company Act of 1940.

Section 5.13.  Environmental Protection. To Borrower’s knowledge, except as 
disclosed in General Partner’s SEC Reports existing as of the date hereof, 
none of Borrower’s or its Affiliates’ properties contains any Hazardous 
Materials that, under any Environmental Law currently in effect, (1) would 
impose liability on Borrower that is likely to result in a Material Adverse 
Change, or (2) is likely to result in the imposition of a Lien on any 
assets of Borrower or any Material Affiliates that is likely to result in a 
Material Adverse Change. To Borrower’s knowledge, neither it nor any 
Material Affiliates are in violation of, or subject to any existing, 
pending or threatened investigation or proceeding by any Governmental 
Authority under any Environmental Law that is likely to result in a 
Material Adverse Change.

Section 5.14.  Solvency. Borrower is, and upon consummation of the 
transactions contemplated by this Agreement, the other Loan Documents and 
any other documents, instruments or agreements relating thereto, will be, 
Solvent.

Section 5.15.  Financial Statements. Borrower’s Consolidated Financial 
Statements most recently delivered to the Banks prior to the date of this 
Agreement are in all material respects complete and fairly present the 
financial condition and results of operations of the subjects thereof as of 
the dates of and for the periods covered by such statements, all in 
accordance with GAAP. There has been no Material Adverse Change since the 
date of such most recently delivered Borrower’s Consolidated Financial 
Statements or if any of Borrower’s Consolidated Financial Statements have 
been delivered pursuant to Section 6.09(1) subsequent to the date of this 
Agreement, there has been no Material Adverse Change since the date of 
Borrower’s Consolidated Financial Statements most recently delivered 
pursuant to one of such section.

Section 5.16.  Valid Existence of Affiliates. Each Material Affiliate is an 
entity duly organized and existing in good standing under the laws of the 
jurisdiction of its formation. As to each Material Affiliate, its correct 
name, the jurisdiction of its formation, Borrower’s direct or indirect 
percentage of beneficial interest therein, and the type of business in 
which it is primarily engaged, are set forth on EXHIBIT F. Borrower and 
each of its Material Affiliates have the

54
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
power to own their respective properties and to carry on their respective 
businesses now being conducted. Each Material Affiliate is duly qualified 
as a foreign corporation to do business and is in good standing in every 
jurisdiction in which the nature of the respective businesses conducted by 
it or its respective properties, owned or held under lease, make such 
qualification necessary and where the failure to be so qualified would 
likely cause a Material Adverse Change.

Section 5.17.  Insurance. Each of Borrower and each of its Material 
Affiliates has in force paid insurance with financially sound and reputable 
insurance companies or associations in such amounts and covering such risks 
as are usually carried by companies engaged in the same or a similar 
business and similarly situated.

Section 5.18.  Accuracy of Information; Full Disclosure. Neither this 
Agreement nor any documents, financial statements, reports, notices, 
schedules, certificates, statements or other writings furnished by or on 
behalf of Borrower to Administrative Agent or any Bank in connection with 
the negotiation of this Agreement or the consummation of the transactions 
contemplated hereby, required herein to be furnished by or on behalf of 
Borrower (other than projections which are made by Borrower in good faith) 
or certified as being true and correct by or on behalf of the Borrower to 
the Administrative Agent or any Bank in connection with the negotiation of 
this Agreement or delivered hereunder (as modified or supplemented by other 
information so certified) contains any untrue statement of a material fact 
or omits to state any material fact necessary to make the statements herein 
or therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, 
not misleading in any material respect; provided that, with respect to 
projected financial information, the Borrower represents only that such 
information was prepared in good faith based upon assumptions believed to 
be reasonable at the time. There is no fact which Borrower has not 
disclosed to Administrative Agent and the Banks in writing or that is not 
included in General Partner’s SEC Reports that materially affects adversely 
or, so far as Borrower can now reasonably foresee, will materially affect 
adversely the business or financial condition of Borrower or the ability of 
Borrower to perform this Agreement and the other Loan Documents.

Section 5.19.  Use of Proceeds. All proceeds of the Loans will be used by 
Borrower for any purpose permitted by law, including, without limitation, 
working capital and other general corporate purposes.  Neither the making 
of any Loan nor the use of the proceeds thereof nor any other extension of 
credit hereunder will violate the provisions of Regulations T, U, or X of 
the Federal Reserve Board. No Swingline Loan shall be used more than once 
for the purpose of refinancing another Swingline Loan, in whole or part.  
The Borrower is not engaged principally or as one of its important 
activities in the business of extending credit for the purposes of 
“purchasing” or “carrying” any “margin stock” within the respective 
meanings of such terms under Regulations T, U and X of the Federal Reserve 
Board.

Section 5.20.  Governmental Approvals. No order, consent, approval, 
license, authorization, or validation of, or filing, recording or 
registration with, or exemption by, any governmental or public body or 
authority, or any subdivision thereof, is required to authorize, or is 
required in connection with the execution, delivery and performance of any 
Loan Document or the consummation of any of the transactions contemplated 
thereby other than those that have already been duly made or obtained and 
remain in full force and effect or those which, if not

55
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
made or obtained, would not likely result in a Material Adverse Change and 
those which will be made in due course as SEC disclosure filings.

Section 5.21.  Principal Offices. As of the Execution Date, the principal 
office, chief executive office and principal place of business of Borrower 
is 888 Seventh Avenue, New York, New York 10106.

Section 5.22.  General Partner Status

    (1)               General Partner is qualified and General Partner
    intends to continue to qualify as a REIT.

    (2)               As of the date hereof, the General Partner owns no
    assets other than ownership interests in Borrower or as disclosed on
    SCHEDULE 2A attached hereto.

    (3)               The General Partner is neither the borrower nor
    guarantor of any Debt except as disclosed on SCHEDULE 3 attached
    hereto.

Section 5.23.  Labor Matters. Except for collective bargaining agreements 
disclosed on EXHIBIT I and Multiemployer Plans named in such collective 
bargaining agreements, (i) as of the date hereof, there are no collective 
bargaining agreements or Multiemployer Plans covering the employees of 
Borrower, General Partner, or any ERISA Affiliate and (ii) neither 
Borrower, General Partner, nor any ERISA Affiliate has suffered any 
strikes, walkouts, work stoppages or other material labor difficulty within 
the last five years which would likely result in a Material Adverse Change.

Section 5.24.  Organizational Documents. The documents delivered pursuant 
to Section 4.01(4) and (5) constitute, as of the Execution Date, all of the 
organizational documents of the Borrower and General Partner. Borrower 
represents that it has delivered to Administrative Agent true, correct and 
complete copies of each such documents. General Partner is the general 
partner of the Borrower. General Partner holds (directly or indirectly) not 
less than ninety percent (90%) of the ownership interests in Borrower as of 
the Execution Date.

Section 5.25.  Anti-Corruption Laws and Sanctions.  The Borrower has 
implemented and maintains in effect policies and procedures designed to 
attain compliance by the General Partner, the Borrower, its Subsidiaries 
and their respective directors, trustees, officers, employees and agents 
with Anti-Corruption Laws and applicable Sanctions, and the Borrower, its 
Subsidiaries and their respective officers and employees and to the 
knowledge of the Borrower its directors and agents, are in compliance with 
Anti-Corruption Laws and applicable Sanctions in all material respects.  
None of (a) the General Partner, the Borrower, any Subsidiary or any of 
their respective directors, trustees, officers or employees, or (b) to the 
knowledge of the Borrower, any agent of the Borrower or any Subsidiary that 
will act in any capacity in connection with or benefit from the credit 
facility established hereby, is a Sanctioned Person.    No Loan or Letter 
of Credit, use of proceeds or other transaction contemplated by this 
Agreement will violate any Anti-Corruption Law or applicable Sanctions.

Section 5.26.  EEA Financial Institutions.  Neither Borrower nor any of its 
Subsidiaries is an EEA Financial Institution.

56
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
Article VI

AFFIRMATIVE COVENANTS

So long as any of the Loans shall remain unpaid or the Loan Commitments 
remain in effect, or any other amount is owing by Borrower to any Bank 
hereunder or under any other Loan Document or any Letter of Credit remains 
outstanding, Borrower shall:

Section 6.01.  Maintenance of Existence. Preserve and maintain its legal 
existence and, if applicable, good standing in its jurisdiction of 
organization and, if applicable, qualify and remain qualified as a foreign 
entity in each jurisdiction in which such qualification is required, except 
to the extent that failure to so qualify would not likely result in a 
Material Adverse Change.

Section 6.02.  Maintenance of Records. Keep adequate records and books of 
account, in which entries will be made in accordance with GAAP in all 
material respects, except as disclosed in Borrower’s financial statements, 
reflecting all of its financial transactions.

Section 6.03.  Maintenance of Insurance. At all times, maintain and keep in 
force, and cause each of its Material Affiliates to maintain and keep in 
force, insurance with financially sound and reputable insurance companies 
or associations in such amounts and covering such risks as are usually 
carried by companies engaged in the same or a similar business and 
similarly situated, which insurance may provide for reasonable deductibles 
from coverage thereof.

Section 6.04.  Compliance with Laws: Payment of Taxes. Comply in all 
material respects with all Laws applicable to it or to any of its 
properties or any part thereof, such compliance to include, without 
limitation, paying before the same become delinquent all taxes, assessments 
and governmental charges imposed upon it or upon any of its property, 
except to the extent they are the subject of a Good Faith Contest or the 
failure to so comply would not cause a Material Adverse Change.  The 
Borrower will maintain in effect and enforce policies and procedures 
designed to attain compliance by the General Partner, the Borrower, its 
Subsidiaries and their respective directors, trustees, officers, employees 
and agents with Anti-Corruption Laws and applicable Sanctions.

Section 6.05.  Right of Inspection. At any reasonable time and from time to 
time upon reasonable notice, but not more frequently than twice in any 
12-month period provided that no Event of Default shall have occurred and 
be continuing, permit Administrative Agent or any Bank or any agent or 
representative thereof (provided  that, at Borrower’s request, 
Administrative Agent or such Bank, or such representative, must be 
accompanied by a representative of Borrower), to examine and make copies 
and abstracts from the records and books of account of, and visit the 
properties of, Borrower and to discuss the affairs, finances and accounts 
of Borrower with the independent accountants of Borrower. The request by 
any Bank or agent or representative thereof for such an inspection shall be 
made to the Administrative Agent and the Administrative Agent promptly 
shall notify all the Banks of such request (or if the Administrative Agent 
shall have requested the same on its behalf, the Administrative Agent shall 
notify all the Banks thereof) and any Bank that shall so desire may 
accompany Administrative Agent or such Bank, or such representative on such 
examination.

57
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
Section 6.06.  Compliance With Environmental Laws. Comply in all material 
respects with all applicable Environmental Laws and immediately pay or 
cause to be paid all costs and expenses incurred in connection with such 
compliance, except to the extent there is a Good Faith Contest or the 
failure to so comply would not likely cause a Material Adverse Change.

Section 6.07.  Payment of Costs. Pay all fees and expenses of the 
Administrative Agent required by this Agreement.

Section 6.08.  Maintenance of Properties. Do all things reasonably 
necessary to maintain, preserve, protect and keep its and its Affiliates’ 
properties in good repair, working order and condition except where the 
failure to do so would not result in a Material Adverse Change.

Section 6.09.  Reporting and Miscellaneous Document Requirements. Furnish 
to Administrative Agent (which shall promptly distribute to each of the 
Banks):

    (1)               Annual Financial Statements. As soon as available and
    in any event within ninety-five (95) days after the end of each Fiscal
    Year, the Borrower’s Consolidated Financial Statements as of the end of
    and for such Fiscal Year, audited by Borrower’s Accountants;

    (2)               Quarterly Financial Statements. As soon as available
    and in any event within fifty (50) days after the end of each calendar
    quarter (other than the last quarter of the Fiscal Year), the unaudited
    Borrower’s Consolidated Financial Statements as of the end of and for
    such calendar quarter, reviewed by Borrower’s Accountants;

    (3)               Certificate of No Default and Financial Compliance.
    Within fifty (50) days after the end of each of the first three
    quarters of each Fiscal Year and within ninety-five (95) days after the
    end of each Fiscal Year, a certificate of the chief financial officer
    or other appropriate financial officer of General Partner (a) stating
    that, to the best of his or her knowledge, no Default or Event of
    Default has occurred and is continuing, or if a Default or Event of
    Default has occurred and is continuing, specifying the nature thereof
    and the action which is being taken with respect thereto; (b) stating
    that the covenants contained in Article VIII have been complied with
    (or specifying those that have not been complied with) and including
    computations demonstrating such compliance (or non-compliance); (c)
    setting forth all items comprising Total Outstanding Indebtedness
    (including amount, maturity, interest rate and amortization
    requirements), Capitalization Value, Secured Indebtedness, Combined
    EBITDA, Unencumbered Combined EBITDA, Interest Expense, Unsecured
    Interest Expense and Unsecured Indebtedness; and (d) only at the end of
    each Fiscal Year an estimate of Borrower’s taxable income;

    (4)               Certificate of Borrower’s Accountants. Within
    ninety-five (95) days after the end of each Fiscal Year, a report with
    respect thereto of Borrower’s Accountants, which report shall be
    unqualified, except as provided in the second sentence of this clause
    (4), and shall state that such financial statements fairly present the
    consolidated financial position of each of the Borrower and its
    Subsidiaries as at the dates indicated and the consolidated results of
    their operations and cash flows for the periods indicated, in

58
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
    conformity with GAAP applied on a basis consistent with prior years
    (except for changes which shall have been disclosed in the notes to the
    financial statements). In the event that such report is qualified, a
    copy of the Borrower’s Accountants’ communications with those charged
    with governance or any similar report delivered to the General Partner
    or to any officer or employee thereof by Borrower’s Accountants in
    connection with such financial statements (which letter or report shall
    be subject to the confidentiality limitations set forth herein), as
    well as a statement of Borrower’s Accountants to the effect that in
    connection with their audit, nothing came to their attention that
    caused them to believe that the Borrower failed to comply with the
    terms, covenants, provisions or conditions of Article VIII, insofar as
    they relate to financial and accounting matters.

    (5)               Notice of Litigation. Promptly after the commencement
    and knowledge thereof, notice of all actions, suits, and proceedings
    before any court or arbitrator, affecting Borrower which, if determined
    adversely to Borrower is likely to result in a Material Adverse Change
    and which would be required to be reported in Borrower’s SEC Reports;

    (6)               Notice of ERISA Events. Promptly after the occurrence
    thereof, notice of any action or event described in clauses (c) or (d)
    of Section 9.01(7);

    (7)               Notices of Defaults and Events of Default. As soon as
    possible and in any event within ten (10) days after Borrower becomes
    aware of the occurrence of a material Default or any Event of Default a
    written notice setting forth the details of such Default or Event of
    Default and the action which is proposed to be taken with respect
    thereto;

    (8)               Sales or Acquisitions of Assets. Promptly after the
    occurrence thereof, written notice of any Disposition or acquisition of
    an individual asset (other than acquisitions or Dispositions of
    investments such as certificates of deposit, Treasury securities and
    money market deposits in the ordinary course of Borrower’s cash
    management) in excess of One Billion Dollars ($1,000,000,000);

    (9)               Material Adverse Change. As soon as is practicable
    and in any event within five (5) days after knowledge of the occurrence
    of any event or circumstance which is likely to result in or has
    resulted in a Material Adverse Change and which would be required to be
    reported in Borrower’s SEC Reports, written notice thereof;

    (10)           Bankruptcy of Tenants. Promptly after becoming aware of
    the same, written notice of the bankruptcy, insolvency or cessation of
    operations of any tenant in any Real Property Asset of Borrower or in
    which Borrower has an interest to which four percent (4%) or more of
    aggregate annual minimum rent payable to Borrower directly or through
    its Consolidated Businesses or UJVs is attributable;

    (11)           Offices. Thirty (30) days’ prior written notice of any
    change in the principal executive office of Borrower;

    (12)           Environmental and Other Notices. As soon as possible and
    in any event within thirty (30) days after receipt, copies of all
    Environmental Notices received by

59
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
    Borrower which are not received in the ordinary course of business and
    which relate to a previously undisclosed situation which is likely to
    result in a Material Adverse Change;

    (13)           Insurance Coverage. Promptly, such information
    concerning Borrower’s insurance coverage as Administrative Agent may
    reasonably request;

    (14)           Proxy Statements, Etc. Promptly after the sending or
    filing thereof, copies of all proxy statements, financial statements
    and reports which Borrower or General Partner sends to its respective
    shareholders, and copies of all regular, periodic and special reports,
    and all registration statements, which Borrower or General Partner
    files with the SEC or any Governmental Authority which may be
    substituted therefor, or with any national securities exchange;

    (15)           Capital Expenditures. If reasonably requested by the
    Administrative Agent, a schedule of such Fiscal Year’s capital
    expenditures and a budget for the next Fiscal Year’s planned capital
    expenditures for each Consolidated Business that is a Real Property
    Business;

    (16)           Change in Borrower’s Credit Rating. Within two (2)
    Banking Days after Borrower’s receipt of notice of any change in
    Borrower’s Credit Rating, written notice of such change; and

General Information. Promptly, such other information respecting the 
condition or operations, financial or otherwise, of Borrower or any 
properties of Borrower as Administrative Agent or any Bank may from time to 
time reasonably request.

Article VII

NEGATIVE COVENANTS

So long as any of the Loans shall remain unpaid, or the Loan Commitments 
remain in effect, or any other amount is owing by Borrower to 
Administrative Agent or any Bank hereunder or under any other Loan Document 
or any Letter of Credit remains outstanding, Borrower shall not do any or 
all of the following:

Section 7.01.  Mergers, Etc. Without the Required Banks’ consent (which 
shall not be unreasonably withheld) merge or consolidate with (except where 
Borrower or General Partner is the surviving entity, or in a transaction of 
which the purpose is to redomesticate such entity in another United States 
jurisdiction, and no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is 
continuing), or sell, assign, lease or otherwise dispose of (whether in one 
transaction or in a series of transactions) Borrower’s or General Partner’s 
assets substantially as an entirety (whether now owned or hereafter 
acquired) or enter into any agreement to do any of the foregoing. Without 
the Required Banks’ consent (which shall not be unreasonably withheld) 
neither Borrower nor General Partner shall liquidate, wind up or dissolve 
(or suffer any liquidation or dissolution) or discontinue its business.  
For the avoidance of doubt, Administrative Agent and each Bank acknowledges 
that (i) the entry into and consummation of the proposed spin-off and 
combination transactions in respect of the Borrower’s Washington, D.C. 
metropolitan area business contemplated by the General Partner’s Current 
Report on Form

60
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
8-K filed with the SEC on October 31, 2016  (the “DC Spin-Merger”) are not 
prohibited by this Section 7.01 or any other provision of this Agreement, 
(ii) the consummation of the DC Spin-Merger shall not constitute a Material 
Adverse Change and (iii) this sentence shall not be construed to expand the 
scope of any covenants contained in this Article VII.  Borrower 
acknowledges that the immediately preceding sentence shall not be construed 
to modify in any respect Borrower’s obligations under Article VIII of this 
Agreement.  In addition, the Administrative and each Bank which is party to 
one or both of the agreements described on Schedule 7.01 (the “Other 
Agreements”) acknowledges that (i) the entry into and consummation of the 
DC Spin-Merger are not prohibited by Section 7.01 or any other provision of 
either of the Other Agreements, (ii) the consummation of the DC Spin-Merger 
shall not constitute a “Material Adverse Change” under either of the Other 
Agreements and (iii) this sentence shall not be construed to expand the 
scope of any covenants contained in Article VII of either of the Other 
Agreements. Borrower acknowledges that the immediately preceding sentence 
shall not be construed to modify in any respect Borrower’s obligations 
under Article VIII of either of the Other Agreements.

Section 7.02.  Distributions.   

Distribute cash and other property to the General Partner except only in 
anticipation of payment by the General Partner of dividends to its 
shareholders.

Section 7.03.  Amendments to Organizational Documents. 

(a)                Amend Borrower’s agreement of limited partnership or 
other organizational documents in any manner that would result in a 
Material Adverse Change without the Required Banks’ consent, which consent 
shall not be unreasonably withheld. Without limitation of the foregoing, no 
Person shall be admitted as a general partner of the Borrower other than 
General Partner.

(b)               Make any “in-kind” transfer of any of Borrower’s property 
or assets to any of Borrower’s constituent partners if such transfer would 
result in an Event of Default, without, in each case, the Required Banks’ 
consent, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld.

Section 7.04.  Use of Proceeds and Letters of Credit.  Request any Loan or 
Letter of Credit, and the Borrower shall not use, and shall procure that 
its Subsidiaries and its or their respective directors, trustees, officers, 
employees and agents shall not use, the proceeds of any Borrowing or Letter 
of Credit (A) in furtherance of an offer, payment, promise to pay, or 
authorization of the payment or giving of money, or anything else of value, 
to any Person in violation of any Anti-Corruption Laws, (B) for the purpose 
of funding, financing or facilitating any activities, business or 
transaction of or with any Sanctioned Person, or in any Sanctioned Country, 
or (C)  in any manner that would result in the violation of  any Sanctions 
applicable to any party hereto.

 

61
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
Article VIII

FINANCIAL COVENANTS

So long as any of the Loans shall remain unpaid, or the Loan Commitments 
remain in effect, or any other amount is owing by Borrower to 
Administrative Agent or any Bank under this Agreement or under any other 
Loan Document or any Letter of Credit remains outstanding, Borrower shall 
not permit or suffer:

Section 8.01.  [Intentionally Omitted].  

Section 8.02.  Ratio of Total Outstanding Indebtedness to Capitalization 
Value. Total Outstanding Indebtedness to exceed sixty percent (60%) of 
Capitalization Value, each measured as of the most recently ended calendar 
quarter; provided, however, with respect to any fiscal quarter in which 
Borrower or any of its Consolidated Businesses or UJVs have acquired Real 
Property Assets, the ratio of Total Outstanding Indebtedness to 
Capitalization Value as of the end of such fiscal quarter and the next 
succeeding fiscal quarter may increase to 65%, provided  such ratio does 
not exceed 60% as of the end of the fiscal quarter immediately thereafter; 
for purposes of this covenant, (i) Total Outstanding Indebtedness shall be 
adjusted by deducting therefrom an amount equal to the lesser of (x) Total 
Outstanding Indebtedness that by its terms is either (1) scheduled to 
mature (including by reason of the election of the borrower of such debt to 
call such debt prior to its maturity) on or before the date that is 24 
months from the date of calculation, or (2) convertible Debt with the right 
to put all or a portion thereof on or before the date that is 24 months 
from the date of calculation, and (y) Unrestricted Cash and Cash 
Equivalents, and (ii) Capitalization Value shall be adjusted by deducting 
therefrom the amount by which Total Outstanding Indebtedness is adjusted 
under clause (i); for purposes of determining Capitalization Value for this 
covenant only, (A) costs and expenses incurred during the applicable period 
with respect to acquisitions that failed to close and were abandoned during 
such period shall not be deducted in determining EBITDA, and (B) 
Unrestricted Cash and Cash Equivalents shall be adjusted to deduct 
therefrom $35,000,000 and without inclusion of Borrower’s Pro Rata Share of 
any Cash or Cash Equivalents owned by any UJV.

Section 8.03.  Intentionally Omitted

Section 8.04.  Ratio of Combined EBITDA to Fixed Charges. The ratio of 
Combined EBITDA to Fixed Charges, each measured as of the most recently 
ended calendar quarter, to be less than 1.40 to 1.00.

Section 8.05.  Ratio of Unencumbered Combined EBITDA to Unsecured Interest 
Expense. The ratio of Unencumbered Combined EBITDA to Unsecured Interest 
Expense, each measured as of the most recently ended calendar quarter, to 
be less than 1.50 to 1.00.

Section 8.06.  Ratio of Unsecured Indebtedness to Capitalization Value of 
Unencumbered Assets. Unsecured Indebtedness to exceed sixty percent (60%) 
of Capitalization Value of Unencumbered Assets, each measured as of the 
most recently ended calendar quarter; provided, however, with respect to 
any fiscal quarter in which Borrower or any of its Consolidated Businesses 
or UJVs has acquired Real Property Assets, the ratio of Unsecured

62
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
Indebtedness to Capitalization Value of Unencumbered Assets as of the end 
of such fiscal quarter and the next succeeding fiscal quarter may increase 
to 65%, provided  such ratio does not exceed 60% as of the end of the 
fiscal quarter immediately thereafter; for purposes of this covenant, (i) 
Unsecured Indebtedness shall be adjusted by deducting therefrom an amount 
equal to the lesser of (x) Unsecured Indebtedness that by its terms is 
either (1) scheduled to mature (including by reason of the election of the 
borrower of such debt to call such debt prior to its maturity) on or before 
the date that is 24 months from the date of calculation, or (2) convertible 
Debt with the right to put all or a portion thereof on or before the date 
that is 24 months from the date of calculation, and (y) Unrestricted Cash 
and Cash Equivalents or such lesser amount of Unrestricted Cash and Cash 
Equivalents as Borrower shall specify for this purpose (the “Unsecured 
Indebtedness Adjustment”), and (ii) Capitalization Value shall be adjusted 
by deducting therefrom the Unsecured Indebtedness Adjustment; for purposes 
of determining Capitalization Value of Unencumbered Assets for this 
covenant only, costs and expenses incurred during the applicable period 
with respect to acquisitions that failed to close and were abandoned during 
such period shall not be deducted in determining EBITDA; and for purposes 
of clause (i)(y) above, Unrestricted Cash and Cash Equivalents shall be 
adjusted to deduct therefrom $35,000,000 as well as any Unrestricted Cash 
and Cash Equivalents used to determine the Secured Indebtedness Adjustment 
in Section 8.07, and without inclusion of Borrower’s Pro Rata Share of any 
Cash or Cash Equivalents owned by any UJV.

Section 8.07.  Ratio of Secured Indebtedness to Capitalization Value. The 
ratio of Secured Indebtedness to Capitalization Value, each measured as of 
the most recently ended calendar quarter, to exceed 50%; for purposes of 
this covenant, (i) Secured Indebtedness shall be adjusted by deducting 
therefrom an amount equal to the lesser of (x) Secured Indebtedness that by 
its terms is either (1) scheduled to mature on (including by reason of the 
election of the borrower of such debt to call such debt prior to its 
maturity) or before the date that is 24 months from the date of 
calculation, or (2) convertible Debt with the right to put all or a portion 
thereof on or before the date that is 24 months from the date of 
calculation, and (y) Unrestricted Cash and Cash Equivalents or such lesser 
amount of Unrestricted Cash and Cash Equivalents as Borrower shall specify 
for this purpose (the “Secured Indebtedness Adjustment”), and (ii) 
Capitalization Value shall be adjusted by deducting therefrom the Secured 
Indebtedness Adjustment; for purposes of determining Capitalization Value 
for this covenant only, costs and expenses incurred during the applicable 
period with respect to acquisitions that failed to close and were abandoned 
during such period shall not be deducted in determining EBITDA; and for 
purposes of clause (i)(y) above, Unrestricted Cash and Cash Equivalents 
shall be adjusted to deduct therefrom $35,000,000 as well as any 
Unrestricted Cash and Cash Equivalents used to determine the Unsecured 
Indebtedness Adjustment in Section 8.06, and without inclusion of 
Borrower’s Pro Rata Share of any Cash or Cash Equivalents owned by any UJV.

Section 8.08.  Debt of the General Partner. Notwithstanding anything 
contained herein to the contrary, any Debt of the General Partner shall be 
deemed to be Debt of the Borrower (provided that the same shall be without 
duplication), for purposes of calculating the financial covenants set forth 
in this Article VIII.

63
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
Article IX

EVENTS OF DEFAULT

Section 9.01.  Events of Default. Any of the following events shall be an 
“Event of Default”:

    (1)               If Borrower shall fail to pay the principal of any
    Loans or reimburse any drawing on a Letter of Credit as and when due;
    or fail to pay interest accruing on any Loans as and when due and such
    failure to pay shall continue unremedied for five (5) days after the
    due date of such amount; or fail to pay any fee or any other amount due
    under this Agreement or any other Loan Document as and when due and
    such failure to pay shall continue unremedied for five (5) days after
    notice by Administrative Agent of such failure to pay;

    (2)               If any representation or warranty made or deemed made
    by Borrower in this Agreement or in any other Loan Document or which is
    contained in any certificate, document, opinion, financial or other
    statement furnished at any time under or in connection with a Loan
    Document shall prove to have been incorrect in any material respect on
    or as of the date made or deemed made;

    (3)               If Borrower shall fail (a) to perform or observe any
    term, covenant or agreement contained in Article VII or Article VIII;
    or (b) to perform or observe any term, covenant or agreement contained
    in this Agreement (other than obligations specifically referred to
    elsewhere in this Section 9.01) and such failure shall remain
    unremedied for thirty (30) consecutive calendar days after notice
    thereof; provided, however, that if any such default under clause (b)
    above cannot by its nature be cured within such thirty (30) day grace
    period and so long as Borrower shall have commenced cure within such
    thirty (30) day grace period and shall, at all times thereafter,
    diligently prosecute the same to completion, Borrower shall have an
    additional period to cure such default; provided, however, that, in no
    event, is the foregoing intended to effect an extension of the Maturity
    Date;

    (4)               If Borrower shall fail (a) to pay any Debt (other
    than the payment obligations described in paragraph (1) of this Section
    9.01 or obligations that are recourse to Borrower solely for fraud,
    misappropriation, environmental liability and other normal and
    customary bad-act carveouts to nonrecourse obligations) the Recourse
    portion of which to Borrower is an amount equal to or greater than
    Fifty Million Dollars ($50,000,000) when due (whether by scheduled
    maturity, required prepayment, acceleration, demand or otherwise) after
    the expiration of any applicable grace period, or (b) to perform or
    observe any material term, covenant, or condition under any agreement
    or instrument relating to any such Debt, when required to be performed
    or observed, if the effect of such failure to perform or observe is to
    accelerate, or to permit the acceleration of, after the giving of
    notice or the lapse of time, or both (other than in cases where, in the
    judgment of the Required Banks, meaningful discussions likely to result
    in (i) a waiver or cure of the failure to perform or observe, or (ii)
    otherwise averting such acceleration are in progress between Borrower
    and the obligee of such Debt), the

64
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
    maturity of such Debt, or any such Debt shall be declared to be due and
    payable, or required to be prepaid (other than by a regularly scheduled
    or otherwise required prepayment, repurchase or defeasance), prior to
    the stated maturity thereof;

    (5)               If either Borrower or General Partner shall (a)
    generally not, or be unable to, or shall admit in writing its inability
    to, pay its debts as such debts become due; (b) make an assignment for
    the benefit of creditors, petition or apply to any tribunal for the
    appointment of a custodian, receiver or trustee for it or a substantial
    part of its assets; (c) commence any proceeding under any bankruptcy,
    reorganization, arrangement, readjustment of debt, dissolution or
    liquidation law or statute of any jurisdiction, whether now or
    hereafter in effect; (d) have had any such petition or application
    filed or any such proceeding shall have been commenced, against it, in
    which an adjudication or appointment is made or order for relief is
    entered, or which petition, application or proceeding remains
    undismissed or unstayed for a period of sixty (60) days or more; (e) be
    the subject of any proceeding under which all or a substantial part of
    its assets may be subject to seizure, forfeiture or divestiture by any
    governmental entity; (f) by any act or omission indicate its consent
    to, approval of or acquiescence in any such petition, application or
    proceeding or order for relief or the appointment of a custodian,
    receiver or trustee for all or any substantial part of its property; or
    (g) suffer any such custodianship, receivership or trusteeship for all
    or any substantial part of its property, to continue undischarged for a
    period of sixty (60) days or more;

    (6)               If one or more judgments, decrees or orders for the
    payment of money in excess of Fifty Million Dollars ($50,000,000) in
    the aggregate shall be rendered against Borrower or General Partner,
    and any such judgments, decrees or orders shall continue unsatisfied
    and in effect for a period of thirty (30) consecutive days without
    being vacated, discharged, satisfied or stayed or bonded pending
    appeal;

    (7)               If any of the following events shall occur or exist
    with respect to any Plan: (a) any Prohibited Transaction; (b) any
    Reportable Event; (c) the filing under Section 4041 of ERISA of a
    notice of intent to terminate any Plan or the termination of any Plan;
    (d) receipt of notice of an application by the PBGC to institute
    proceedings under Section 4042 of ERISA for the termination of, or for
    the appointment of a trustee to administer, any Plan, or the
    institution by the PBGC of any such proceedings; (e) a condition exists
    which gives rise to imposition of a lien under Section 412(n) or (f) of
    the Code on Borrower, General Partner or any ERISA Affiliate, and in
    each case above, if either (1) such event or conditions, if any, result
    in Borrower, General Partner or any ERISA Affiliate being subject to
    any tax, penalty or other liability to a Plan, the PBGC or otherwise
    (or any combination thereof), which in the aggregate exceeds or is
    reasonably likely to exceed Twenty Million Dollars ($20,000,000), and
    the same continues unremedied or unpaid for a period of forty-five (45)
    consecutive days or (2) such event or conditions, if any, is reasonably
    likely to result in Borrower, General Partner or any ERISA Affiliate
    being subject to any tax, penalty or other liability to a Plan, the
    PBGC or otherwise (or any combination thereof), which in the aggregate
    exceeds or may exceed Twenty Million Dollars ($20,000,000) and such
    event or condition is unremedied, or such tax, penalty or other
    liability is not reserved against or the payment thereof

65
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
    otherwise secured to the reasonable satisfaction of the Administrative
    Agent, for a period of forty-five (45) consecutive days after notice
    from the Administrative Agent;

    (8)               If General Partner shall fail at any time to (i)
    maintain at least one class of its common shares which has trading
    privileges on the New York Stock Exchange or the American Stock
    Exchange or is the subject of price quotations in the over-the-counter
    market as reported by the National Association of Securities Dealers
    Automated Quotation System, or (ii) maintain its status as a
    self-directed and self-administered REIT, and in either case such
    failure shall remain unremedied for thirty (30) consecutive calendar
    days after notice thereof;

    (9)               If General Partner acquires any material assets other
    than additional interests in Borrower or as permitted by Borrower’s
    partnership agreement and shall fail to dispose of any such material
    asset for thirty (30) consecutive calendar days after notice thereof;

    (10)           If at any time assets of the Borrower or General Partner
    constitute Plan assets for ERISA purposes (within the meaning of C.F.R.
    § 2510.3-101, as modified by Section 3(32) of ERISA); or

    (11)           A default beyond applicable notice and grace periods (if
    any) under any of the other Loan Documents.

Section 9.02.  Remedies. If any Event of Default shall occur and be 
continuing, Administrative Agent shall, upon request of the Required Banks, 
by notice to Borrower, (1) terminate the Loan Commitments, whereupon the 
Loan Commitments shall terminate and the Banks shall have no further 
obligation to extend credit hereunder; and/or (2) declare the unpaid 
balance of the Loans, all interest thereon, and all other Obligations 
payable under this Agreement to be forthwith due and payable, whereupon 
such balance, all such interest, and all such Obligations due under this 
Agreement shall become and be forthwith due and payable, without 
presentment, demand, protest, or further notice of any kind, all of which 
are hereby expressly waived by Borrower; and/or (3) exercise any remedies 
provided in any of the Loan Documents or by law; provided, however, that 
upon the occurrence of any Event of Default specified in Section 9.01(5), 
the Loan Commitments shall automatically terminate (and the Banks shall 
have no further obligation to extend credit hereunder) and the unpaid 
balance of the Loans, all interest thereon, and all other Obligations 
payable under this Agreement shall automatically be and become forthwith 
due and payable, without presentment, demand, protest, or further notice of 
any kind, all of which are hereby expressly waived by Borrower.

Article X

ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT; RELATIONS AMONG BANKS

Section 10.01.  Appointment, Powers and Immunities of Administrative Agent
. Each Bank hereby irrevocably appoints and authorizes Administrative Agent 
to act as its agent hereunder and under any other Loan Document with such 
powers as are specifically delegated to Administrative Agent by the terms 
of this Agreement and any other Loan Document, together

66
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
with such other powers as are reasonably incidental thereto. Administrative 
Agent shall have no duties or responsibilities except those expressly set 
forth in this Agreement and any other Loan Document or required by law, and 
shall not by reason of this Agreement be a fiduciary or trustee for any 
Bank except to the extent that Administrative Agent acts as an agent with 
respect to the receipt or payment of funds (nor shall Administrative Agent 
have any fiduciary duty to Borrower nor shall any Bank have any fiduciary 
duty to Borrower or to any other Bank). Administrative Agent shall not be 
responsible to the Banks for any recitals, statements, representations or 
warranties made by Borrower or any officer, partner or official of Borrower 
or any other Person contained in this Agreement or any other Loan Document, 
or in any certificate or other document or instrument referred to or 
provided for in, or received by any of them under, this Agreement or any 
other Loan Document, or for the value, legality, validity, effectiveness, 
genuineness, enforceability or sufficiency of this Agreement or any other 
Loan Document or any other document or instrument referred to or provided 
for herein or therein, for the perfection or priority of any Lien securing 
the Obligations or for any failure by Borrower to perform any of its 
obligations hereunder or thereunder. Administrative Agent may employ agents 
and attorneys-in-fact and shall not be responsible, except as to money or 
securities received by it or its authorized agents, for the negligence or 
misconduct of any such agents or attorneys-in-fact selected by it with 
reasonable care. Neither Administrative Agent nor any of its directors, 
officers, employees or agents shall be liable or responsible for any action 
taken or omitted to be taken by it or them hereunder or under any other 
Loan Document or in connection herewith or therewith, except for its or 
their own gross negligence or willful misconduct. Borrower shall pay any 
fee agreed to by Borrower and Administrative Agent with respect to 
Administrative Agent’s services hereunder. Notwithstanding anything to the 
contrary contained in this Agreement, Administrative Agent agrees with the 
Banks that Administrative Agent shall perform its obligations under this 
Agreement in good faith according to the same standard of care as that 
customarily exercised by it in administering its own revolving credit 
loans.

Section 10.02.  Reliance by Administrative Agent. Administrative Agent 
shall be entitled to rely upon any certification, notice or other 
communication (including any thereof by telephone, telefax or cable) 
believed by it to be genuine and correct and to have been signed or sent by 
or on behalf of the proper Person or Persons, and upon advice and 
statements of legal counsel, independent accountants and other experts 
selected by Administrative Agent. Administrative Agent may deem and treat 
each Bank as the holder of the Loan made by it for all purposes hereof and 
shall not be required to deal with any Person who has acquired a 
participation in any Loan or participation from a Bank. As to any matters 
not expressly provided for by this Agreement or any other Loan Document, 
Administrative Agent shall in all cases be fully protected in acting, or in 
refraining from acting, hereunder in accordance with instructions signed by 
the Required Banks, and such instructions of the Required Banks and any 
action taken or failure to act pursuant thereto shall be binding on all of 
the Banks and any other holder of all or any portion of any Loan or 
participation.

Section 10.03.  Defaults. Administrative Agent shall not be deemed to have 
knowledge of the occurrence of a Default or Event of Default (other than an 
Event of Default pursuant to Section 9.01(1)) unless Administrative Agent 
has received notice from a Bank or Borrower specifying such Default or 
Event of Default and stating that such notice is a “Notice of Default.” In 
the event that Administrative Agent receives a Notice of Default, 
Administrative Agent shall give prompt notice thereof to the Banks. 
Administrative Agent, following

67
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
consultation with the Banks, shall (subject to Section 10.07 and Section 
12.02) take such action with respect to such Default or Event of Default 
which is continuing as shall be directed by the Required Banks; provided  
that, unless and until Administrative Agent shall have received such 
directions, Administrative Agent may take such action, or refrain from 
taking such action, with respect to such Default or Event of Default as it 
shall deem advisable in the best interest of the Banks; and provided 
further that Administrative Agent shall not send a notice of Default, Event 
of Default or acceleration to Borrower without the approval of the Required 
Banks. In no event shall Administrative Agent be required to take any such 
action which it determines to be contrary to law.

Section 10.04.  Rights of Agent as a Bank. With respect to its Loan 
Commitment and the Loan provided by it, each Person serving as an Agent in 
its capacity as a Bank hereunder shall have the same rights and powers 
hereunder as any other Bank and may exercise the same as though it were not 
acting as such Agent, and the term any “Bank” or “Banks” shall include each 
Person serving as an Agent in its capacity as a Bank. Each Person serving 
as an Agent and its Affiliates may (without having to account therefor to 
any Bank) accept deposits from, lend money to (on a secured or unsecured 
basis), and generally engage in any kind of banking, trust or other 
business with, Borrower (and any Affiliates of Borrower) as if it were not 
acting as such Agent.

Section 10.05.  Indemnification of Agents. Each Bank agrees to indemnify 
each Agent (to the extent not reimbursed under Section 12.04 or under the 
applicable provisions of any other Loan Document, but without limiting the 
obligations of Borrower under Section 12.04 or such provisions), for its 
Pro Rata Share of any and all liabilities, obligations, losses, damages, 
penalties, actions, judgments, suits, costs, expenses or disbursements of 
any kind and nature whatsoever which may be imposed on, incurred by or 
asserted against such Agent in any way relating to or arising out of this 
Agreement, any other Loan Document or any other documents contemplated by 
or referred to herein or the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby 
(including, without limitation, the costs and expenses which Borrower is 
obligated to pay under Section 12.04) or under the applicable provisions of 
any other Loan Document or the enforcement of any of the terms hereof or 
thereof or of any such other documents or instruments; provided that no 
Bank shall be liable for (1) any of the foregoing to the extent they arise 
from the gross negligence or willful misconduct of the party to be 
indemnified, (2) any loss of principal or interest with respect to the Loan 
of any Bank serving as an Agent or (3) any loss suffered by such Agent in 
connection with a swap or other interest rate hedging arrangement entered 
into with Borrower.

Section 10.06.  Non-Reliance on Agents and Other Banks. Each Bank agrees 
that it has, independently and without reliance on any Agent or any other 
Bank, and based on such documents and information as it has deemed 
appropriate, made its own credit analysis of Borrower and the decision to 
enter into this Agreement and that it will, independently and without 
reliance upon any Agent or any other Bank, and based on such documents and 
information as it shall deem appropriate at the time, continue to make its 
own analysis and decisions in taking or not taking action under this 
Agreement or any other Loan Document.  Each Agent shall not be required to 
keep itself informed as to the performance or observance by Borrower of 
this Agreement or any other Loan Document or any other document referred to 
or provided for herein or therein or to inspect the properties or books of 
Borrower. Except for

68
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
notices, reports and other documents and information expressly required to 
be furnished to the Banks by any Agent hereunder, each Agent shall not have 
any duty or responsibility to provide any Bank with any credit or other 
information concerning the affairs, financial condition or business of 
Borrower (or any Affiliate of Borrower) which may come into the possession 
of such Agent or any of its Affiliates. Each Agent shall not be required to 
file this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any document or instrument 
referred to herein or therein for record, or give notice of this Agreement, 
any other Loan Document or any document or instrument referred to herein or 
therein, to anyone.

Section 10.07.  Failure of Administrative Agent to Act. Except for action 
expressly required of Administrative Agent hereunder, Administrative Agent 
shall in all cases be fully justified in failing or refusing to act 
hereunder unless it shall have received further assurances (which may 
include cash collateral) of the indemnification obligations of the Banks 
under Section 10.05 in respect of any and all liability and expense which 
may be incurred by it by reason of taking or continuing to take any such 
action.

Section 10.08.  Resignation or Removal of Administrative Agent. 
Administrative Agent shall have the right to resign at any time. 
Administrative Agent may be removed at any time with cause by the Required 
Banks, provided  that Borrower and the other Banks shall be promptly 
notified in writing thereof. Upon any such removal or resignation, the 
Required Banks shall have the right to appoint a successor Administrative 
Agent which successor Administrative Agent, so long as it is reasonably 
acceptable both to the Required Banks and, provided that no Default or 
Event of Default shall then exist, the Borrower, shall be that Bank then 
having the greatest Loan Commitment (other than the Bank resigning or being 
removed as Administrative Agent). If no successor Administrative Agent 
shall have been so appointed by the Required Banks and shall have accepted 
such appointment within thirty (30) days after the Required Banks’ removal 
or resignation of the retiring Administrative Agent, then the retiring 
Administrative Agent may, on behalf of the Banks, appoint a successor 
Administrative Agent, which shall be one of the Banks. The Required Banks 
or the retiring Administrative Agent, as the case may be, shall upon the 
appointment of a successor Administrative Agent promptly so notify in 
writing Borrower and the other Banks. Upon the acceptance of any 
appointment as Administrative Agent hereunder by a successor Administrative 
Agent, such successor Administrative Agent shall thereupon succeed to and 
become vested with all the rights, powers, privileges and duties of the 
retiring Administrative Agent, and the retiring Administrative Agent shall 
be discharged from its duties and obligations hereunder. The rights and 
duties of Administrative Agent to be vested in any successor Administrative 
Agent shall include, without limitation, the rights and duties as Swingline 
Lender. After any retiring Administrative Agent’s resignation or removal 
hereunder as Administrative Agent, the provisions of this Article X shall 
continue in effect for its benefit in respect of any actions taken or 
omitted to be taken by it while it was acting as Administrative Agent.

Section 10.09.  Amendments Concerning Agency Function. Notwithstanding 
anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, no Agent shall be 
bound by any waiver, amendment, supplement or modification of this 
Agreement or any other Loan Document which affects its duties, rights, 
and/or function hereunder or thereunder unless it shall have given its 
prior written consent thereto.

69
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
Section 10.10.  Liability of Administrative Agent. Administrative Agent 
shall not have any liabilities or responsibilities to Borrower on account 
of the failure of any Bank to perform its obligations hereunder or to any 
Bank on account of the failure of Borrower to perform its obligations 
hereunder or under any other Loan Document.

Section 10.11.  Transfer of Agency Function. Without the consent of 
Borrower or any Bank, Administrative Agent may at any time or from time to 
time transfer its functions as Administrative Agent hereunder to any of its 
offices wherever located in the United States, provided  that 
Administrative Agent shall promptly notify in writing Borrower and the 
Banks thereof.

Section 10.12.  Non-Receipt of Funds by Administrative Agent. Unless 
Administrative Agent shall have received notice from a Bank or Borrower 
(either one as appropriate being the “Payor”) prior to the date on which 
such Bank is to make payment hereunder to Administrative Agent of the 
proceeds of a Loan or Borrower is to make payment to Administrative Agent, 
as the case may be (either such payment being a “Required Payment”), which 
notice shall be effective upon receipt, that the Payor will not make the 
Required Payment in full to Administrative Agent, Administrative Agent may 
assume that the Required Payment has been made in full to Administrative 
Agent on such date, and Administrative Agent in its sole discretion may, 
but shall not be obligated to, in reliance upon such assumption, make the 
amount thereof available to the intended recipient on such date. If and to 
the extent the Payor shall not have in fact so made the Required Payment in 
full to Administrative Agent, the recipient of such payment shall repay to 
Administrative Agent forthwith on demand such amount made available to it 
together with interest thereon, for each day from the date such amount was 
so made available by Administrative Agent until the date Administrative 
Agent recovers such amount, at the customary rate set by Administrative 
Agent for the correction of errors among Banks for three (3) Banking Days 
and thereafter at the Base Rate.

Section 10.13.  (a)   Payments Free of Taxes.  Any and all payments by or 
on account of any obligation of the Borrower under any Loan Document shall 
be made without deduction or withholding for any Taxes, except as required 
by applicable law.  If any applicable law (as determined in the good faith 
discretion of an applicable withholding agent) requires the deduction or 
withholding of any Tax from any such payment by a withholding agent, then 
the applicable withholding agent shall be entitled to make such deduction 
or withholding and shall timely pay the full amount deducted or withheld to 
the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with applicable law and, 
if such Tax is an Indemnified Tax, then the sum payable by the Borrower 
shall be increased as necessary so that after such deduction or withholding 
has been made (including such deductions and withholdings applicable to 
additional sums payable under this Section 10.13) the applicable Recipient 
receives an amount equal to the sum it would have received had no such 
deduction or withholding been made.

(b)               Payment of Other Taxes by the Borrower.  The Borrower 
shall timely pay to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with 
applicable law, or at the option of the Administrative Agent timely 
reimburse it for, Other Taxes.

(c)                Evidence of Payments.  As soon as practicable after any 
payment of Taxes by the Borrower to a Governmental Authority pursuant to 
this Section 10.13, the Borrower shall deliver

70
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
to the Administrative Agent the original or a certified copy of a receipt 
issued by such Governmental Authority evidencing such payment, a copy of 
the return reporting such payment or other evidence of such payment 
reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent.

(d)               Indemnification by the Borrower.  The Borrower shall 
indemnify each Recipient, within 10 days after demand therefor, for the 
full amount of any Indemnified Taxes (including Indemnified Taxes imposed 
or asserted on or attributable to amounts payable under this Section) 
payable or paid by such Recipient or required to be withheld or deducted 
from a payment to such Recipient and any reasonable out-of-pocket expenses 
arising therefrom or with respect thereto, whether or not such Indemnified 
Taxes were correctly or legally imposed or asserted by the relevant 
Governmental Authority.  A certificate as to the amount of such payment or 
liability delivered to the Borrower by a Recipient (with a copy to the 
Administrative Agent), or by the Administrative Agent on its own behalf or 
on behalf of a Recipient, shall be conclusive absent manifest error.

(e)                Indemnification by the Banks.  Each Bank shall severally 
indemnify the Administrative Agent, within 10 days after demand therefor, 
for (i) any Indemnified Taxes attributable to such Bank (but only to the 
extent that the Borrower has not already indemnified the Administrative 
Agent for such Indemnified Taxes and without limiting the obligation of the 
Borrower to do so), (ii) any Taxes attributable to such Bank's failure to 
comply with the provisions of Section 12.05(b) relating to the maintenance 
of a Participant Register and (iii) any Excluded Taxes attributable to such 
Bank, in each case, that are payable or paid by the Administrative Agent in 
connection with any Loan Document, and any reasonable expenses arising 
therefrom or with respect thereto, whether or not such Taxes were correctly 
or legally imposed or asserted by the relevant Governmental Authority.  A 
certificate as to the amount of such payment or liability delivered to any 
Bank by the Administrative Agent shall be conclusive absent manifest error. 
 Each Bank hereby authorizes the Administrative Agent to set off and apply 
any and all amounts at any time owing to such Bank under any Loan Document 
or otherwise payable by the Administrative Agent to such Bank from any 
other source against any amount due to the Administrative Agent under this 
paragraph (e).

(f)                Status of Banks.  (i) Any Bank that is entitled to an 
exemption from or reduction of withholding Tax with respect to payments 
made under any Loan Document shall deliver to the Borrower and the 
Administrative Agent, at the time or times reasonably requested by the 
Borrower or the Administrative Agent, such properly completed and executed 
documentation reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative 
Agent as will permit such payments to be made without withholding or at a 
reduced rate of withholding.  In addition, any Bank, if reasonably 
requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent, shall deliver such 
other documentation prescribed by applicable law or reasonably requested by 
the Borrower or the Administrative Agent as will enable the Borrower or the 
Administrative Agent to determine whether or not such Bank is subject to 
backup withholding or information reporting requirements.  Notwithstanding 
anything to the contrary in the preceding two sentences, the completion, 
execution and submission of such documentation (other than such 
documentation set forth in Section 10.13(f)(ii)(A),(B) and (D) below) shall 
not be required if in the applicable Bank's reasonable judgment such 
completion, execution or submission would subject such Bank to any material 
unreimbursed cost or expense or would materially prejudice the legal or 
commercial position of such Bank.

71
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
    (ii)               Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, in
    the event that the Borrower is a U.S. Person,

        (A)       any Bank that is a U.S. Person shall deliver to the
        Borrower and the Administrative Agent on or prior to the date on
        which such Bank becomes a Bank under this Agreement (and from time
        to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Borrower or
        the Administrative Agent), an executed IRS Form W-9 certifying that
        such Bank is exempt from U.S. Federal backup withholding tax;

 
        (B)       any Foreign Bank shall, to the extent it is legally
        entitled to do so, deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative
        Agent (in such number of copies as shall be requested by the
        recipient) on or prior to the date on which such Foreign Bank
        becomes a Bank under this Agreement (and from time to time
        thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Borrower or the
        Administrative Agent), whichever of the following is applicable:
 
            (1)        in the case of a Foreign Bank claiming the benefits
            of an income tax treaty to which the United States is a party
            (x) with respect to payments of interest under any Loan
            Document, an executed IRS Form W-8BEN or Form W-8BEN-E
            establishing an exemption from, or reduction of, U.S. Federal
            withholding Tax pursuant to the "interest" article of such tax
            treaty and (y) with respect to any other applicable payments
            under any Loan Document, IRS Form W-8BEN or W-8BEN-E
            establishing an exemption from, or reduction of, U.S. Federal
            withholding Tax pursuant to the "business profits" or "other
            income" article of such tax treaty;
 
            (2)        in the case of a Foreign Bank claiming that its
            extension of credit will generate U.S. effectively connected
            income, an executed IRS Form W-8ECI;
 
            (3)        in the case of a Foreign Bank claiming the benefits
            of the exemption for portfolio interest under Section 881(c) of
            the Code, (x) a certificate substantially in the form of 
            Exhibit J-1 to the effect that such Foreign Bank is not a
            "bank" within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code,
            a "10 percent shareholder" of the Borrower within the meaning
            of Section 881(c)(3)(B) of the Code, or a "controlled foreign
            corporation" within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the
            Code (a "U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate") and (y) an executed
            IRS Form W-8BEN or W-8BEN-E; or
         
            (4)        to the extent a Foreign Bank is not the beneficial
            owner, an executed IRS Form W-8IMY, accompanied by IRS Form
            W-8ECI, IRS Form W-8BEN, or IRS Form W-8BEN-E, a U.S. Tax
            Compliance Certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit J-2
             or Exhibit J-3, IRS Form W-9, and/or other certification
            documents from each beneficial
72
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
            owner, as applicable; provided  that if the Foreign Bank is a
            partnership and one or more direct or indirect partners of such
            Foreign Bank are claiming the portfolio interest exemption,
            such Foreign Bank may provide a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate
            substantially in the form of Exhibit J-4  on behalf of each
            such direct and indirect partner;
 
        (C)       any Foreign Bank shall, to the extent it is legally
        entitled to do so, deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative
        Agent (in such number of copies as shall be requested by the
        recipient) on or prior to the date on which such Foreign Bank
        becomes a Bank under this Agreement (and from time to time
        thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Borrower or the
        Administrative Agent), executed originals of any other form
        prescribed by applicable law as a basis for claiming exemption from
        or a reduction in U.S. Federal withholding Tax, duly completed,
        together with such supplementary documentation as may be prescribed
        by applicable law to permit the Borrower or the Administrative
        Agent to determine the withholding or deduction required to be
        made; and
 
        (D)       if a payment made to a Bank under any Loan Document would
        be subject to U.S. Federal withholding Tax imposed by FATCA if such
        Bank were to fail to comply with the applicable reporting
        requirements of FATCA (including those contained in Section 1471(b)
        or 1472(b) of the Code, as applicable), such Bank shall deliver to
        the Borrower and the Administrative Agent at the time or times
        prescribed by law and at such time or times reasonably requested by
        the Borrower or the Administrative Agent such documentation
        prescribed by applicable law (including as prescribed by Section
        1471(b)(3)(C)(i) of the Code) and such additional documentation
        reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent as
        may be necessary for the Borrower and the Administrative Agent to
        comply with their obligations under FATCA and to determine that
        such Bank has complied with such Bank's obligations under FATCA or
        to determine the amount to deduct and withhold from such payment. 
        Solely for purposes of this clause (D), "FATCA" shall include any
        amendments made to FATCA after the date of this Agreement.
 
    Each Bank agrees that if any form or certification it previously
    delivered expires or becomes obsolete or inaccurate in any respect, it
    shall update such form or certification or promptly notify the Borrower
    and the Administrative Agent in writing of its legal inability to do
    so.
 
(g)               Treatment of Certain Refunds.  If any party determines, 
in its sole discretion exercised in good faith, that it has received a 
refund of any Taxes as to which it has been indemnified pursuant to this 
Section 10.13 (including by the payment of additional amounts pursuant to 
this Section 10.13), it shall pay to the indemnifying party an amount equal 
to such refund (but only to the extent of indemnity payments made under 
this Section 10.13 with respect to the Taxes giving rise to such refund), 
net of all reasonable out-of-pocket expenses (including Taxes) of such 
indemnified party and without interest (other than any interest paid by the 
relevant Governmental Authority with respect to such refund).  Such 
indemnifying party, upon

73
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
the request of such indemnified party, shall repay to such indemnified 
party the amount paid over pursuant to this paragraph (g) (plus any 
penalties, interest or other charges imposed by the relevant Governmental 
Authority) in the event that such indemnified party is required to repay 
such refund to such Governmental Authority.  Notwithstanding anything to 
the contrary in this paragraph (g), in no event will any indemnified party 
be required to pay any amount to an indemnifying party pursuant to this 
paragraph (g) the payment of which would place such indemnified party in a 
less favorable net after-Tax position than such indemnified party would 
have been in if the Tax subject to indemnification and giving rise to such 
refund had not been deducted, withheld or otherwise imposed and the 
indemnification payments or additional amounts with respect to such Tax had 
never been paid.  This paragraph shall not be construed to require any 
indemnified party to make available its Tax returns (or any other 
information relating to its Taxes that it deems confidential) to, or to 
apply for or seek a refund of any Taxes on behalf of, any indemnifying 
party or any other Person.

(h)               Survival.  Each party's obligations under this Section 
10.13 shall survive the resignation or replacement of the Administrative 
Agent or any assignment of rights by, or the replacement of, a Bank, the 
termination of the Loan Commitments and the repayment, satisfaction or 
discharge of all obligations under any Loan Document.

(i)                 Defined Terms.  For purposes of this Section 10.13, the 
term “Bank” includes any Fronting Bank or Designated Bank and the term “
applicable law” includes FATCA.

(j)                 FATCA Acknowledgement.  The Borrower, the 
Administrative Agent and the Banks acknowledge and agree that, solely for 
purposes of determining the applicability of U.S. Federal withholding Taxes 
imposed by FATCA, from and after the Execution Date, this Agreement will 
not be treated as a “grandfathered obligation” under FATCA.

Section 10.14.  Pro Rata Treatment. Except to the extent otherwise 
provided, (1) each advance of proceeds of the Ratable Loans shall be made 
by the Banks, (2) each reduction of the amount of the Total Loan Commitment 
under Section 2.16 shall be applied to the Loan Commitments of the Banks 
and (3) each payment of the facility fee accruing under Section 2.08 shall 
be made for the account of the Banks, ratably according to the amounts of 
their respective Loan Commitments.

Section 10.15.  Sharing of Payments Among Banks. If a Bank shall obtain 
payment of any principal of or interest on any Loan made by it through the 
exercise of any right of setoff, banker’s lien or counterclaim, or by any 
other means (including direct payment), and such payment results in such 
Bank receiving a greater payment than it would have been entitled to had 
such payment been paid directly to Administrative Agent for disbursement to 
the Banks, then such Bank shall promptly purchase for cash from the other 
Banks participations in the Loans made by the other Banks in such amounts, 
and make such other adjustments from time to time as shall be equitable to 
the end that all the Banks shall share ratably the benefit of such payment; 
provided  that (i) if any such participations are purchased and all or any 
portion of the payment giving rise thereto is recovered,  such 
participations shall be rescinded and the purchase price restored to the 
extent of such recovery, without interest, and (ii) the provisions of this 
paragraph shall not be construed to apply to any payment made by the 
Borrower pursuant to and in accordance with the express terms of this 
Agreement or any payment obtained by a Bank as

74
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
consideration for the assignment of or sale of a participation in any of 
its Loans or participations in Letters of Credit to any assignee or 
participant, other than to the Borrower or any Subsidiary or Affiliate 
thereof (as to which the provisions of this paragraph shall apply). To such 
end the Banks shall make appropriate adjustments among themselves (by the 
resale of participations sold or otherwise) if such payment is rescinded or 
must otherwise be restored. Borrower agrees that any Bank so purchasing a 
participation in the Loans made by other Banks may exercise all rights of 
setoff, banker’s lien, counterclaim or similar rights with respect to such 
participation. Nothing contained herein shall require any Bank to exercise 
any such right or shall affect the right of any Bank to exercise, and 
retain the benefits of exercising, any such right with respect to any other 
indebtedness of Borrower.

Section 10.16.  Possession of Documents. Each Bank shall keep possession of 
its own Ratable Loan Note. Administrative Agent shall hold all the other 
Loan Documents and related documents in its possession and maintain 
separate records and accounts with respect thereto, and shall permit the 
Banks and their representatives access at all reasonable times to inspect 
such Loan Documents, related documents, records and accounts.

Section 10.17.  Syndication Agents and Documentation Agents. The Banks 
serving as Syndication Agents or Documentation Agents shall have no duties 
or obligations in such capacities.  In addition, in acting as an Agent, no 
Bank will have any responsibility except as set forth herein and shall in 
no event be subject to any fiduciary or other implied duties.

Article XI

NATURE OF OBLIGATIONS

Section 11.01.  Absolute and Unconditional Obligations. Borrower 
acknowledges and agrees that its obligations and liabilities under this 
Agreement and under the other Loan Documents shall be absolute and 
unconditional irrespective of (1) any lack of validity or enforceability of 
any of the Obligations, any Loan Documents, or any agreement or instrument 
relating thereto; (2) any change in the time, manner or place of payment 
of, or in any other term in respect of, all or any of the Obligations, or 
any other amendment or waiver of or consent to any departure from any Loan 
Documents or any other documents or instruments executed in connection with 
or related to the Obligations; (3) any exchange or release of any 
collateral, if any, or of any other Person from all or any of the 
Obligations; or (4) any other circumstances which might otherwise 
constitute a defense available to, or a discharge of, Borrower or any other 
Person in respect of the Obligations.

The obligations and liabilities of Borrower under this Agreement and the 
other Loan Documents shall not be conditioned or contingent upon the 
pursuit by any Bank or any other Person at any time of any right or remedy 
against Borrower, General Partner or any other Person which may be or 
become liable in respect of all or any part of the Obligations or against 
any collateral or security or guarantee therefor or right of setoff with 
respect thereto.

Section 11.02.  Non-Recourse to VRT Principals and the General Partner. 
This Agreement and the obligations hereunder and under the other Loan 
Documents are fully recourse to Borrower. Notwithstanding anything to the 
contrary contained in this Agreement, in any of the

75
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
other Loan Documents, or in any other instruments, certificates, documents 
or agreements executed in connection with the Loans (all of the foregoing, 
for purposes of this Section, hereinafter referred to, individually and 
collectively, as the “Relevant Documents”), and notwithstanding any 
applicable law that would make the General Partner liable for the debts or 
obligations of the Borrower, including as a general partner, no recourse 
under or upon any Obligation, representation, warranty, promise or other 
matter whatsoever shall be had against any of the VRT Principals or the 
General Partner, and each Bank expressly waives and releases, on behalf of 
itself and its successors and assigns, all right to assert any liability 
whatsoever under or with respect to the Relevant Documents against, or to 
satisfy any claim or obligation arising thereunder against, any of the VRT 
Principals or the General Partner or out of any assets of the VRT 
Principals or the General Partner, provided, however, that nothing in this 
Section shall be deemed to (1) release Borrower from any liability pursuant 
to, or from any of its obligations under, the Relevant Documents, or from 
liability for its fraudulent actions or fraudulent omissions; (2) release 
any VRT Principals or the General Partner from personal liability arising 
outside of the terms of this Agreement for its, his or her own fraudulent 
actions, fraudulent omissions, misappropriation of funds, rents or 
insurance proceeds, gross negligence or willful misconduct; (3) constitute 
a waiver of any obligation evidenced or secured by, or contained in, the 
Relevant Documents or affect in any way the validity or enforceability of 
the Relevant Documents; or (4) limit the right of Administrative Agent 
and/or the Banks to proceed against or realize upon any collateral 
hereafter given for the Loans and Letters of Credit or any and all of the 
assets of Borrower (notwithstanding the fact that the VRT Principals and 
the General Partner have an ownership interest in Borrower and, thereby, an 
interest in the assets of Borrower) or to name Borrower (or, to the extent 
that the same are required by applicable law or are determined by a court 
to be necessary parties in connection with an action or suit against 
Borrower or any collateral hereafter given for the Loans, the General 
Partner) as a party defendant in, and to enforce against any collateral 
hereafter given for the Loans and/or assets of Borrower any judgment 
obtained by Administrative Agent and/or the Banks with respect to, any 
action or suit under the Relevant Documents so long as no judgment shall be 
taken (except to the extent taking a judgment is required by applicable law 
or determined by a court to be necessary to preserve Administrative Agent’s 
and/or Banks’ rights against any collateral hereafter given for the Loans 
or Borrower, but not otherwise) or shall be enforced against any of the VRT 
Principals or the General Partner or their assets.

Article XII

MISCELLANEOUS

Section 12.01.  Binding Effect of Request for Advance. Borrower agrees 
that, by its acceptance of any advance of proceeds of the Loans under this 
Agreement or the issuance of any Letter of Credit, it shall be bound in all 
respects by the request for advance or Letter of Credit submitted on its 
behalf in connection therewith with the same force and effect as if 
Borrower had itself executed and submitted the request for advance or 
Letter of Credit and whether or not the request for advance is executed 
and/or submitted by an authorized person.

Section 12.02.  Amendments and Waivers. No amendment or material waiver of 
any provision of this Agreement or any other Loan Document nor consent to 
any material departure by Borrower therefrom, shall in any event be 
effective unless the same shall be in writing and

76
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
signed by the Required Banks and, solely for purposes of its acknowledgment 
thereof, Administrative Agent, and then such waiver or consent shall be 
effective only in the specific instance and for the specific purpose for 
which given, provided, however, that no amendment, waiver, consent or 
forbearance shall, unless in writing and signed by all the Banks (or in the 
case of (1), (2) and (6) below, signed by all the Banks affected thereby) 
do any of the following: (1) forgive or reduce the principal of, or 
interest on, the Loans or any fees due hereunder or any other amount due 
hereunder or under any other Loan Document; (2) postpone or extend any date 
fixed for any payment of principal of, or interest on, the Loans or any 
fees or other amounts due hereunder or under any other Loan Document; (3) 
change the definition of Required Banks or Pro Rata Share or change Section 
10.14 or 10.15 in a manner that would alter the pro rata sharing of 
payments required thereby; (4) amend this Section 12.02 or any other 
provision requiring the unanimous consent of the Banks; (5) waive any 
default in payment under paragraph (1) of Section 9.01 or any default under 
paragraph (5) of Section 9.01; (6) increase or decrease any Loan Commitment 
of any Bank (except changes in Loan Commitments pursuant to Section 2.16); 
(7) release any guaranty (other than a guaranty given pursuant to Section 
12.21 or Section 12.22); (8) permit the expiration date of any Letter of 
Credit to be later than the first anniversary of the Maturity Date; or (9) 
permit the assignment or transfer by the Borrower of any of its rights or 
obligations hereunder or under any other Loan Document except in a 
transaction permitted (with or without the Required Banks’ consent) 
pursuant to Section 7.01; and provided further, that (A) an amendment, 
waiver or consent relating to the time specified for payment of principal, 
interest and fees with respect to Bid Rate Loans shall only be binding if 
in writing and signed by the affected Bank or Designated Lender and (B) an 
amendment, waiver or consent relating to the Swingline Loans or the Letters 
of Credit (including any letter of credit application; provided that the 
provisions of this Agreement shall prevail if there is an inconsistency 
between this Agreement and such amendment, waiver or consent to a letter of 
credit application) shall only be binding if in writing and signed by the 
Swingline Lenders or the Fronting Banks affected thereby, as applicable. 
Any advance of proceeds of the Loans made prior to or without the 
fulfillment by Borrower of all of the conditions precedent thereto, whether 
or not known to Administrative Agent and the Banks, shall not constitute a 
waiver of the requirement that all conditions, including the non-performed 
conditions, shall be required with respect to all future advances. No 
failure on the part of Administrative Agent or any Bank to exercise, and no 
delay in exercising, any right hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof 
or preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any 
other right. The remedies herein provided are cumulative and not exclusive 
of any remedies provided by law. All communications from Administrative 
Agent to the Banks requesting the Banks’ determination, consent, approval 
or disapproval (i) shall be given in the form of a written notice to each 
Bank, (ii) shall be accompanied by a description of the matter or thing as 
to which such determination, approval, consent or disapproval is requested 
and (iii) shall include Administrative Agent’s recommended course of action 
or determination in respect thereof. Each Bank shall reply promptly, but in 
any event within fifteen (15) Banking Days (or five (5) Banking Days with 
respect to any decision to accelerate or stop acceleration of the Loan) 
after receipt of the request therefor by Administrative Agent (the “Bank 
Reply Period”). Unless a Bank shall give written notice to Administrative 
Agent that it objects to the recommendation or determination of 
Administrative Agent within the Bank Reply Period, such Bank shall be 
deemed to have approved or consented to such recommendation or 
determination.

77
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
Section 12.03.  Survival.  All covenants, agreements, representations and 
warranties made by the Borrower herein and in the certificates or other 
instruments  delivered in connection with or pursuant to this Agreement 
shall be considered to have been relied upon by the other parties hereto 
and shall survive the execution and delivery of this Agreement and the 
making of any Loans, regardless of any investigation made by any such other 
party or on its behalf and notwithstanding that the Administrative Agent or 
any Bank may have had notice or knowledge of any Default or incorrect 
representation or warranty at the time any credit is extended hereunder, 
and shall continue in full force and effect as long as any Obligations 
hereunder are outstanding and unpaid.

Section 12.04.  Expenses; Indemnification. Borrower agrees to reimburse 
Administrative Agent on demand for all reasonable out-of-pocket costs, 
expenses, and charges (including, without limitation, all reasonable fees 
and charges of engineers, appraisers and external legal counsel) incurred 
by Administrative Agent in connection with the Loans and to reimburse each 
of the Banks for reasonable out-of-pocket legal costs, expenses and charges 
incurred by each of the Banks in connection with the performance or 
enforcement of this Agreement, the Notes, or any other Loan Documents; 
provided, however, that Borrower is not responsible for costs, expenses and 
charges incurred by the Bank Parties in connection with the administration 
or syndication of the Loans (other than any administration fee payable to 
Administrative Agent). Borrower agrees to indemnify Administrative Agent, 
each Bank, Affiliates of the foregoing, and their respective directors, 
officers, employees, agents and advisors from, and hold each of them 
harmless against, any and all losses, liabilities, claims, damages or 
expenses incurred by any of them arising out of or by reason of (w) the 
execution, delivery or performance of the Loan Documents by Borrower or the 
use of the proceeds of the Loans or Letters of Credit, directly or 
indirectly, by Borrower, (x) any claims by brokers due to acts or omissions 
by Borrower, (y) any investigation or litigation or other proceedings 
(including any threatened investigation or litigation or other proceedings) 
relating to any actual or proposed use by Borrower of the proceeds of the 
Loans, including without limitation, the reasonable fees and disbursements 
of third-party counsel incurred in connection with any such investigation 
or litigation or other proceedings or (z) third party claims or actions 
against any Bank or Administrative Agent relating to or arising from this 
Agreement and the transactions contemplated pursuant to this Agreement; 
provided, however, that such indemnification shall exclude any such losses, 
liabilities, claims, damages or expenses incurred by reason of the gross 
negligence or willful misconduct of the person to be indemnified as 
determined by a final and non-appealable judgment of a court of competent 
jurisdiction.

The obligations of Borrower under this Section shall survive the repayment 
of all amounts due under or in connection with any of the Loan Documents 
and the termination of the Loan Commitments.

Section 12.05.  Assignment; Participation.  

(a)                This Agreement shall be binding upon, and shall inure to 
the benefit of, Borrower, Administrative Agent, the Banks and their 
respective successors and permitted assigns. Except as provided in Section 
7.01, the Borrower may not assign or transfer any of its rights or 
obligations hereunder or under any other Loan Document without the prior 
written consent of all the Banks (and any attempted such assignment or 
transfer without such consent shall be null and void).   

78
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
Except as otherwise provided under Section 12.04, nothing in this 
Agreement, expressed or implied, shall be construed to confer upon any 
Person (other than the parties hereto, their respective successors and 
assigns permitted hereby (including any Affiliate of the Fronting Bank that 
issues any Letter of Credit), Participants (to the extent provided in 
paragraph (b) of this Section) and, to the extent expressly contemplated 
hereby, the Affiliates and their respective directors, officers, employees, 
agents and advisors of each of the Administrative Agent, the Fronting Bank 
and the Banks) any legal or equitable right, remedy or claim under or by 
reason of this Agreement.

(b)               Subject to Section 12.05(e), prior to the occurrence of 
an Event of Default, any Bank may at any time, grant to an existing Bank or 
one or more banks, finance companies, insurance companies or other 
entities, other than a natural person or the Borrower and its Affiliates (a 
“Participant”), in minimum amounts of not less than $5,000,000 (or any 
lesser amount in the case of participations to an existing Bank or any 
lesser amounts equal to such Bank’s entire remaining amount of Loans and 
Loan Commitments) participating interests in its Loan Commitment or any or 
all of its Loans. After the occurrence and during the continuance of an 
Event of Default, any Bank may at any time grant to any Person, other than 
a natural person or the Borrower and its Affiliates, in any amount (also a 
“Participant”), participating interests in its Loan Commitment or any or 
all of its Loans. Any participation made during the continuation of an 
Event of Default shall not be affected by the subsequent cure of such Event 
of Default. In the event of any such grant by a Bank of a participating 
interest to a Participant, whether or not upon notice to Borrower and 
Administrative Agent, such Bank shall remain responsible for the 
performance of its obligations hereunder, and Borrower and Administrative 
Agent shall continue to deal solely and directly with such Bank in 
connection with such Bank’s rights and obligations under this Agreement. 
Any agreement pursuant to which any Bank may grant such a participating 
interest shall provide that such Bank shall retain the sole right and 
responsibility to enforce the obligations of Borrower hereunder and under 
any other Loan Document including, without limitation, the right to approve 
any amendment, modification or waiver of any provision of this Agreement or 
any other Loan Document; provided that such participation agreement may 
provide that such Bank will not agree to any modification, amendment or 
waiver of this Agreement described in clause (1), (2), (3), (4), (5), (6) 
or (7) of Section 12.02 without the consent of the Participant (subject to 
the final proviso of the first sentence of Section 12.02). The Borrower 
agrees that each Participant shall, to the extent provided in its 
participation agreement, be entitled to the benefits of Article III with 
respect to its participating interest.  The Borrower agrees that each 
Participant shall be entitled to the benefits of Section 10.13 (subject to 
the requirements and limitations therein, including the requirements under 
Section 10.13(f) (it being understood that the documentation required under 
Section 10.13(f) shall be delivered to the participating Lender)) to the 
same extent as if it were a Lender and had acquired its interest by 
assignment pursuant to paragraph (c) of this Section; provided that such 
Participant (A) agrees to be subject to the provisions of Sections 3.07 and 
3.08 as if it were an assignee under paragraph (c) of this Section; and (B) 
shall not be entitled to receive any greater payment under Section 10.13, 
with respect to any participation, than its participating Lender would have 
been entitled to receive.  Each Lender that sells a participation agrees, 
at the Borrower’s request and expense, to use reasonable efforts to 
cooperate with the Borrower to effectuate the provisions of Section 3.07 
with respect to any Participant.  To the extent permitted by law, each 
Participant also shall be entitled to the benefits of Section 12.08 as 
though it were a Lender; provided that such Participant agrees to be 
subject to Section 10.15 as though it were a Lender.  Each Bank

79
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
that sells a participation shall, acting solely for this purpose as a 
non‑fiduciary agent of the Borrower, maintain a register on which it enters 
the name and address of each Participant and the principal amounts (and 
stated interest) of each Participant's interest in the Loans or other 
obligations under the Loan Documents (the “Participant Register”); 
provided  that no Bank shall have any obligation to disclose all or any 
portion of the Participant Register (including the identity of any 
Participant or any information relating to a Participant's interest in any 
Loan Commitments, Loans, Letters of Credit or its other obligations under 
any Loan Document) to any Person except to the extent that such disclosure 
is necessary to establish that such Loan Commitment, Loan, Letter of Credit 
or other obligation is in registered form under Section 5f.103-1(c) of the 
United States Treasury Regulations.  The entries in the Participant 
Register shall be conclusive absent manifest error, and such Bank shall 
treat each Person whose name is recorded in the Participant Register as the 
owner of such participation for all purposes of this Agreement 
notwithstanding any notice to the contrary.  For the avoidance of doubt, 
the Administrative Agent shall have no responsibility for maintaining a 
Participant Register.

(c)                Subject to Section 12.05(e), any Bank may at any time 
assign only to a Qualified Institution (in each case, an “Assignee”) (i) 
prior to the occurrence of an Event of Default, in minimum amounts of not 
less than Five Million Dollars ($5,000,000) and integral multiples of One 
Million Dollars ($1,000,000) thereafter (or any lesser amount in the case 
of assignments to an existing Bank) and (ii) after the occurrence and 
during the continuance of an Event of Default, in any amount, all or a 
proportionate part of all, of its rights and obligations under this 
Agreement, the Notes and the other Loan Documents, and, in either case, 
such Assignee shall assume such rights and obligations, pursuant to an 
Assignment and Assumption Agreement executed by such Assignee and such 
transferor Bank; provided, that such assignment shall be subject to the 
consent of the Administrative Agent, the Swingline Lender and the Fronting 
Bank and if no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, the 
consent of Borrower, which consents shall not be unreasonably withheld or 
delayed; and provided  further  that if an Assignee is a Bank Affiliate of 
such transferor Bank or was a Bank immediately prior to such assignment, no 
such consents shall be required unless in either case the Assignee is a 
Defaulting Lender or an Affiliate of a Defaulting Lender (in which case, 
such consent may be withheld in the sole discretion of the Administrative 
Agent or the Borrower); and provided  further  that such assignment may, 
but need not, include rights of the transferor Bank in respect of 
outstanding Bid Rate Loans. Upon execution and delivery of such instrument 
and an Administrative Questionnaire and payment by such Assignee to such 
transferor Bank of an amount equal to the purchase price agreed between 
such transferor Bank and such Assignee, such Assignee shall be a Bank party 
to this Agreement and shall have all the rights and obligations of a Bank 
with a Loan Commitment as set forth in such Assignment and Assumption 
Agreement, and no further consent or action by any party shall be required 
and the transferor Bank shall be released from its obligations hereunder to 
a corresponding extent. Upon the consummation of any assignment pursuant to 
this subsection (c), the transferor Bank, Administrative Agent and Borrower 
shall make appropriate arrangements so that, if required, a new Note is 
issued to the Assignee. In connection with any such assignment (other than 
an assignment by a Bank to a Bank Affiliate), the transferor Bank shall pay 
to Administrative Agent an administrative fee for processing such 
assignment in the amount of $3,500. If the Assignee is not incorporated 
under the laws of the United States of America or a state thereof, it 
shall, prior to the first date on which interest or fees are payable 
hereunder for its account, deliver to Borrower and Administrative Agent 
certification as to exemption from deduction or withholding of any United 
States federal income

80
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
taxes in accordance with Section 10.13. Any assignment made during the 
continuation of an Event of Default shall not be affected by any subsequent 
cure of such Event of Default. Any consent required hereunder shall be 
given or denied within ten (10) Banking Days after receipt by the 
applicable Person of request therefor; any failure to respond within such 
ten (10) Banking Day period shall be deemed a denial.  The Administrative 
Agent, acting for this purpose as a non-fiduciary agent of the Borrower, 
shall maintain at one of its offices a copy of each Assignment and 
Assumption Agreement delivered to it and a register for the recordation of 
the names and addresses of the Banks, and the Loan Commitment of, and 
principal amount (and stated interest) of the Loans and Letter of Credit 
participations owing to, each Bank pursuant to the terms hereof from time 
to time (the “Register”).  The entries in the Register shall be conclusive 
absent manifest error, and the Borrower, the Administrative Agent, the 
Fronting Bank and the Banks shall treat each Person whose name is recorded 
in the Register pursuant to the terms hereof as a Bank hereunder for all 
purposes of this Agreement, notwithstanding notice to the contrary.  The 
Register shall be available for inspection by the Borrower, the Fronting 
Bank and any Bank, at any reasonable time and from time to time upon 
reasonable prior notice.

(d)               Any Bank may at any time assign or pledge all or any 
portion of its rights under this Agreement and its Note to secure the 
obligations of such Bank, including to a Federal Reserve Bank or other 
central bank having jurisdiction over such Bank.  No such assignment shall 
release the transferor Bank from its obligations hereunder.

(e)                Except as provided in Section 12.05(d), so long as no 
Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, no Bank shall be 
permitted to enter into an assignment of, or sell a participation interest 
in, its Loans and Loan Commitment, which would result in such Bank holding 
Loans and a Loan Commitment, without Participants, of less than Ten Million 
Dollars ($10,000,000), which minimum amount shall be reduced pro rata as a 
result of a decrease of the aggregate Loan Commitments pursuant to Section 
2.16; provided, however, that no Bank shall be prohibited from assigning 
its entire Loans and Loan Commitment so long as such assignment is 
otherwise permitted hereby.

(f)                Borrower recognizes that in connection with a Bank’s 
selling of Participations or making of assignments, any or all 
documentation, financial statements and other data, or copies thereof, 
relevant to Borrower or the Loans may be exhibited to and retained by any 
such Participant or assignee or prospective Participant or assignee. In 
connection with a Bank’s delivery of any financial statements and 
appraisals to any such Participant or assignee or prospective Participant 
or assignee, such Bank shall also indicate that the same are delivered on a 
confidential basis. Borrower agrees to provide all assistance reasonably 
requested by a Bank to enable such Bank to sell Participations or make 
assignments of its Loan and Loan Commitment as permitted by this Section 
12.05. Each Bank agrees to provide Borrower with advance notice of all 
Participations to be sold by such Bank.

Section 12.06.  Documentation Satisfactory. All documentation required from 
or to be submitted on behalf of Borrower in connection with this Agreement 
and the documents relating hereto shall be subject to the prior approval 
of, and be satisfactory in form and substance to, Administrative Agent, its 
counsel and, where specifically provided herein, the Banks. In addition, 
the persons or parties responsible for the execution and delivery of, and 
signatories to,

81
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
all of such documentation, shall be acceptable to, and subject to the 
approval of, Administrative Agent and its counsel and the Banks.

Section 12.07.  Notices. (a) Unless the party to be notified otherwise 
notifies the other parties in writing as provided in this Section, and 
except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, notices shall be given to 
Administrative Agent by telephone, confirmed by writing, and to the Banks 
and to Borrower by ordinary mail or overnight courier or telecopy, receipt 
confirmed, addressed to such party at (i) if to the Borrower, the 
Administrative Agent or a Fronting Bank, its address on the signature page 
of this Agreement, or (ii) if to any other Bank, its address (or telecopy 
number) set forth in its Administrative Questionnaire. Notices shall be 
effective: (1) if by telephone, at the time of such telephone conversation, 
(2) if given by mail, three (3) calendar days after mailing; (3) if given 
by overnight courier, upon receipt; and (4) if given by telecopy, upon 
receipt if received by the recipient during its normal business hours.  
Notices delivered through Electronic Systems, to the extent provided in 
paragraph (b) below, shall be effective as provided in said paragraph (b).

(b)               Notices and other communications to the Banks and the 
Fronting Banks hereunder may be delivered or furnished by using Electronic 
Systems pursuant to procedures approved by the Administrative Agent; 
provided  that the foregoing shall not apply to notices pursuant to Article 
II unless otherwise agreed by the Administrative Agent and the applicable 
Bank.  The Administrative Agent or the Borrower may, in its discretion, 
agree to accept notices and other communications to it hereunder by 
electronic communications pursuant to procedures approved by it; provided  
that approval of such procedures may be limited to particular notices or 
communications.

Unless the Administrative Agent otherwise prescribes, (i) notices and other 
communications sent to an e-mail address shall be deemed received upon the 
sender’s receipt of an acknowledgement from the intended recipient (such as 
by the “return receipt requested” function, as available, return e-mail or 
other written acknowledgement), and (ii) notices or communications posted 
to an Internet or intranet website shall be deemed received upon the deemed 
receipt by the intended recipient, at its e-mail address as described in 
the foregoing clause (i), of notification that such notice or communication 
is available and identifying the website address therefor; provided  that, 
for both clauses (i) and (ii) above, if such notice, email or other 
communication is not sent during the normal business hours of the 
recipient, such notice or communication shall be deemed to have been sent 
at the opening of business on the next business day for the recipient.

(c)                Any party hereto may change its address or telecopy 
number for notices and other communications hereunder by notice to the 
other parties hereto in accordance with this Section 12.07, except that 
each Bank must only give such notice to the Administrative Agent, the 
Borrower, the Fronting Banks and the Swingline Lender.

(d)               Electronic Systems.

    (i)                 The Borrower agrees that the Administrative Agent
    may, but shall not be obligated to, make Communications (as defined
    below) available to the Fronting Banks

82
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
    and the other Banks by posting the Communications on Debt Domain,
    Intralinks, Syndtrak, ClearPar or a substantially similar Electronic
    System.

    (ii)               Any Electronic System used by the Administrative
    Agent is provided “as is” and “as available.”  None of the
    Administrative Agent or the Borrower or any of their respective
    Affiliates and such Affiliates’ respective directors, officers,
    employees, agents or advisors (the “Communications Parties”) warrant
    the adequacy of such Electronic Systems and each expressly disclaims
    liability for errors or omissions in the Communications.  No warranty
    of any kind, express, implied or statutory, including any warranty of
    merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, non-infringement of
    third-party rights or freedom from viruses or other code defects, is
    made by any Communications Party in connection with the Communications
    or any Electronic System.  In no event shall any Communications Party
    have any liability to the other parties hereto or any other Person or
    entity for damages of any kind, including direct or indirect, special,
    incidental or consequential damages, losses or expenses (whether in
    tort, contract or otherwise) arising out of the Borrower’s or the
    Administrative Agent’s transmission of communications through an
    Electronic System.  “Communications” means, collectively, any notice,
    demand, communication, information, document or other material provided
    by or on behalf of the Borrower pursuant to any Loan Document or the
    transactions contemplated therein which is distributed by the
    Administrative Agent, any Bank or any Fronting Bank by means of
    electronic communications pursuant to this Section, including through
    an Electronic System.

Section 12.08.  Setoff. Upon the occurrence of an Event of Default, to the 
extent permitted or not expressly prohibited by applicable law, Borrower 
agrees that, in addition to (and without limitation of) any right of 
setoff, bankers’ lien or counterclaim a Bank may otherwise have, each Bank 
shall be entitled, at its option, to offset balances (general or special, 
time or demand, provisional or final) held by it for the account of 
Borrower at any of such Bank’s offices, in Dollars or in any other 
currency, against any amount payable by Borrower to such Bank under this 
Agreement or such Bank’s Note, or any other Loan Document, which is not 
paid when due (regardless of whether such balances are then due to Borrower 
or General Partner), in which case it shall promptly notify Borrower and 
Administrative Agent thereof; provided  that such Bank’s failure to give 
such notice shall not affect the validity thereof. Payments by Borrower 
hereunder or under the other Loan Documents shall be made without setoff or 
counterclaim.

Section 12.09.  Table of Contents; Headings. Any table of contents and the 
headings and captions hereunder are for convenience only and shall not 
affect the interpretation or construction of this Agreement.

Section 12.10.  Severability. The provisions of this Agreement are intended 
to be severable. If for any reason any provision of this Agreement shall be 
held invalid or unenforceable in whole or in part in any jurisdiction, such 
provision shall, as to such jurisdiction, be ineffective to the extent of 
such invalidity or unenforceability without in any manner affecting the 
validity or enforceability thereof in any other jurisdiction or the 
remaining provisions hereof in any jurisdiction.

83
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
Section 12.11.  Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in any number 
of counterparts, all of which taken together shall constitute one and the 
same instrument, and any party hereto may execute this Agreement by signing 
any such counterpart.  Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature 
page of this Agreement by telecopy, emailed pdf. or any other electronic 
means that reproduces an image of the actual executed signature page shall 
be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this 
Agreement.  The words “execution,” “signed,” “signature,” “delivery,” and 
words of like import in or relating to any  document to be signed in 
connection with this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby 
shall be deemed to include Electronic Signatures, deliveries or the keeping 
of records in electronic form, each of which shall be of the same legal 
effect, validity or enforceability as a manually executed signature, 
physical delivery thereof or the use of a paper-based recordkeeping system, 
as the case may be, to the extent and as provided for in any applicable 
law, including the Federal Electronic Signatures in Global and National 
Commerce Act, the New York State Electronic Signatures and Records Act, or 
any other similar state laws based on the Uniform Electronic Transactions 
Act; provided that nothing herein shall require the Administrative Agent to 
accept electronic signatures in any form or format without its prior 
written consent.

Section 12.12.  Integration. The Loan Documents set forth the entire 
agreement among the parties hereto relating to the transactions 
contemplated thereby (except with respect to agreements relating solely to 
compensation, consideration and the coordinated syndication of the Loan) 
and supersede any prior oral or written statements or agreements with 
respect to such transactions.

Section 12.13.  Governing Law. This Agreement shall be governed by, and 
interpreted and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of New 
York.

Section 12.14.  Waivers. To the extent permitted or not expressly 
prohibited by applicable law, in connection with the obligations and 
liabilities as aforesaid, Borrower hereby waives (1) notice of any actions 
taken by any Bank Party under this Agreement, any other Loan Document or 
any other agreement or instrument relating hereto or thereto except to the 
extent otherwise provided herein; (2) all other notices, demands and 
protests, and all other formalities of every kind in connection with the 
enforcement of the Obligations, the omission of or delay in which, but for 
the provisions of this Section 12.14, might constitute grounds for 
relieving Borrower of its obligations hereunder; (3) any requirement that 
any Bank Party protect, secure, perfect or insure any Lien on any 
collateral or exhaust any right or take any action against Borrower or any 
other Person or any collateral; (4) any right or claim of right to cause a 
marshalling of the assets of Borrower; and (5) all rights of subrogation or 
contribution, whether arising by contract or operation of law (including, 
without limitation, any such right arising under the Bankruptcy Code) or 
otherwise by reason of payment by Borrower, pursuant to this Agreement or 
any other Loan Document.

Section 12.15.  Jurisdiction; Immunities. Borrower, Administrative Agent 
and each Bank hereby irrevocably submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of 
any New York State or United States Federal court sitting in New York City, 
Borough of Manhattan, over any action or proceeding arising out of or 
relating to this Agreement, the Notes or any other Loan Document. Borrower, 
Administrative Agent, and each Bank irrevocably agree that all claims in 
respect of such action or proceeding may be heard and determined in such 
New York State or United States

84
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
Federal court. Borrower, Administrative Agent, and each Bank irrevocably 
consent to the service of any and all process in any such action or 
proceeding by the mailing of copies of such process to Borrower, 
Administrative Agent or each Bank, as the case may be, at the addresses 
specified herein. Borrower, Administrative Agent and each Bank agree that a 
final judgment in any such action or proceeding shall be conclusive and may 
be enforced in other jurisdictions by suit on the judgment or in any other 
manner provided by law. Borrower, Administrative Agent and each Bank 
further waive any objection to venue in the State of New York and any 
objection to an action or proceeding in the State of New York on the basis 
of forum non conveniens. Borrower, Administrative Agent and each Bank agree 
that any action or proceeding brought against Borrower, Administrative 
Agent or any Bank, as the case may be, shall be brought only in a New York 
State court sitting in New York City, Borough of Manhattan,  or a United 
States Federal court sitting in New York City, Borough of Manhattan, to the 
extent permitted or not expressly prohibited by applicable law.

Nothing in this Section shall affect the right of Borrower, Administrative 
Agent or any Bank to serve legal process in any other manner permitted by 
law.

To the extent that Borrower, Administrative Agent or any Bank have or 
hereafter may acquire any immunity from jurisdiction of any court or from 
any legal process (whether from service or notice, attachment prior to 
judgment, attachment in aid of execution, execution or otherwise) with 
respect to itself or its property, Borrower, Administrative Agent and each 
Bank hereby irrevocably waive such immunity in respect of its obligations 
under this Agreement, the Notes and any other Loan Document.

BORROWER, ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT AND EACH BANK WAIVE ANY RIGHT EACH SUCH 
PARTY MAY HAVE TO JURY TRIAL IN CONNECTION WITH ANY SUIT, ACTION OR 
PROCEEDING BROUGHT WITH RESPECT TO THIS AGREEMENT, THE NOTES OR THE LOAN. 
IN ADDITION, BORROWER HEREBY WAIVES, IN CONNECTION WITH ANY SUIT, ACTION OR 
PROCEEDING BROUGHT BY ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT OR THE BANKS WITH RESPECT TO THE 
NOTES, ANY RIGHT BORROWER MAY HAVE (1) TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED OR NOT 
EXPRESSLY PROHIBITED BY APPLICABLE LAW, TO INTERPOSE ANY COUNTERCLAIM 
THEREIN (OTHER THAN A COUNTERCLAIM THAT IF NOT BROUGHT IN THE SUIT, ACTION 
OR PROCEEDING BROUGHT BY ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT OR THE BANKS COULD NOT BE 
BROUGHT IN A SEPARATE SUIT, ACTION OR PROCEEDING OR WOULD BE SUBJECT TO 
DISMISSAL OR SIMILAR DISPOSITION FOR FAILURE TO HAVE BEEN ASSERTED IN SUCH 
SUIT, ACTION OR PROCEEDING BROUGHT BY ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT OR THE BANKS) OR 
(2) TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED OR NOT EXPRESSLY PROHIBITED BY APPLICABLE LAW, 
TO HAVE THE SAME CONSOLIDATED WITH ANY OTHER OR SEPARATE SUIT, ACTION OR 
PROCEEDING. NOTHING HEREIN CONTAINED SHALL PREVENT OR PROHIBIT BORROWER 
FROM INSTITUTING OR MAINTAINING A SEPARATE ACTION AGAINST ADMINISTRATIVE 
AGENT OR THE BANKS WITH RESPECT TO ANY ASSERTED CLAIM.

To the extent not prohibited by applicable law, Borrower shall not assert, 
and Borrower hereby waives, any claim against any Bank or any Agent, on any 
theory of liability, for special,

85
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
indirect, consequential or punitive damages (as opposed to direct or actual 
damages) arising out of, in connection with, or as a result of, this 
Agreement, any other Loan Document or any agreement or instrument 
contemplated hereby or thereby, any Loan or other extension of credit 
hereunder or the use of the proceeds thereof.

Section 12.16.  Designated Lender. Any Bank (other than an Affected Bank or 
a Bank which is such solely because it is a Designated Lender) (each, a “
Designating Lender”) may at any time designate one (1) Designated Lender to 
fund Bid Rate Loans on behalf of such Designating Lender subject to the 
terms of this Section and the provisions in Section 12.05 shall not apply 
to such designation. No Bank may designate more than one (1) Designated 
Lender. The parties to each such designation shall execute and deliver to 
Administrative Agent for its acceptance a Designation Agreement. Upon such 
receipt of an appropriately completed Designation Agreement executed by a 
Designating Lender and a designee representing that it is a Designated 
Lender, Administrative Agent will accept such Designation Agreement and 
give prompt notice thereof to Borrower, whereupon, (i) from and after the “
Effective Date” specified in the Designation Agreement, the Designated 
Lender shall become a party to this Agreement with a right to make Bid Rate 
Loans on behalf of its Designating Lender pursuant to Section 2.02 after 
Borrower has accepted the Bid Rate Quote of the Designating Lender and (ii) 
the Designated Lender shall not be required to make payments with respect 
to any obligations in this Agreement except to the extent of excess cash 
flow of such Designated Lender which is not otherwise required to repay 
obligations of such Designated Lender which are then due and payable; 
provided, however, that regardless of such designation and assumption by 
the Designated Lender, the Designating Lender shall be and remain obligated 
to Borrower, Administrative Agent and the Banks for each and every of the 
obligations of the Designating Lender and its related Designated Lender 
with respect to this Agreement, including, without limitation, any 
indemnification obligations under Section 10.05. Each Designating Lender 
shall serve as the administrative agent of its Designated Lender and shall 
on behalf of, and to the exclusion of, the Designated Lender (i) receive 
any and all payments made for the benefit of the Designated Lender and (ii) 
give and receive all communications and notices and take all actions 
hereunder, including, without limitation, votes, approvals, waivers and 
consents under or relating to this Agreement and the other Loan Documents. 
Any such notice, communication, vote, approval, waiver or consent shall be 
signed by the Designating Lender as administrative agent for the Designated 
Lender and shall not be signed by the Designated Lender on its own behalf, 
but shall be binding on the Designated Lender to the same extent as if 
actually signed by the Designated Lender. Borrower, Administrative Agent 
and the Banks may rely thereon without any requirement that the Designated 
Lender sign or acknowledge the same. No Designated Lender may assign or 
transfer all or any portion of its interest hereunder or under any other 
Loan Document, other than assignments to the Designating Lender which 
originally designated such Designated Lender.

Section 12.17.  No Bankruptcy Proceedings. Each of Borrower, the Banks and 
Administrative Agent hereby agrees that it will not institute against any 
Designated Lender or join any other Person in instituting against any 
Designated Lender any bankruptcy, reorganization, arrangement, insolvency 
or liquidation proceeding under any federal or state bankruptcy or similar 
law, for 366 days after the payment in full of the latest maturing 
commercial paper note issued by such Designated Lender.

86
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
Section 12.18.  Intentionally Omitted. 

Section 12.19.  USA Patriot Act. Each Bank hereby notifies the Borrower 
that pursuant to the requirements of the USA Patriot Act (Title III of Pub. 
L. 107-56 (signed into law October 26, 2001)) (the “Act”), it is required 
to obtain, verify and record information that identifies the Borrower and 
the General Partner, which information includes the name and address of the 
Borrower and the General Partner and other information that will allow such 
Bank to identify the Borrower and the General Partner in accordance with 
the Act. The Borrower shall provide such information and take such actions 
as are reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent or any Bank in 
order to assist the Administrative Agent and the Banks in maintaining 
compliance with applicable “know your customer” and anti-money laundering 
rules and regulations, including, without limitation, the Act.

Section 12.20.  Defaulting Lenders. Notwithstanding any provision of this 
Agreement to the contrary, if any Bank becomes a Defaulting Lender, then 
the following provisions shall apply for so long as such Bank is a 
Defaulting Lender:

(a)                fees shall cease to accrue on the Loan Commitment of 
such Defaulting Lender pursuant to Section 2.08;

(b)               the Loan Commitment of such Defaulting Lender shall not 
be included in determining whether the Required Banks have taken or may 
take any action hereunder (including any consent to any amendment, waiver 
or other modification pursuant to Section 12.02); provided, that (i) such 
Defaulting Lender’s Loan Commitment may not be increased or extended 
without its consent and (ii) the principal amount of, or interest or fees 
payable on, Loans or Letters of Credit may not be reduced or excused or the 
scheduled date of payment may not be postponed as to such Defaulting Lender 
without such Defaulting Lender’s consent;

(c)                if any Swingline Loan or Letters of Credit are 
outstanding at the time such Bank becomes a Defaulting Lender then:

    (1)               all or any part of such Defaulting Lender’s Pro Rata
    Share of such Swingline Loans and/or Letters of Credit shall be
    reallocated among the non-Defaulting Lenders in accordance with their
    respective Pro Rata Shares but only (x) to the extent (A) the sum of
    all non-Defaulting Lenders’ Pro Rata Shares of Loans (other than Bid
    Rate Loans) and Letters of Credit plus such Defaulting Lender’s Pro
    Rata Share of Swingline Loans and Letters of Credit does not exceed (B)
    the total of all non-Defaulting Lenders’ Loan Commitments and (y) if
    the conditions set forth in Sections 4.02(1) and (2) are satisfied at
    such time;

    (2)               to the extent the reallocation described in clause
    (1) above cannot be effected, Borrower shall within one Banking Day
    following notice by the Administrative Agent (x) first, prepay such
    Defaulting Lender’s Pro Rata Share of the Swingline Loans and (y)
    second, cash collateralize for the benefit of the Fronting Bank only
    the Borrower’s obligations corresponding to such Defaulting Lender’s
    Pro Rata Share of the Letters of Credit (after giving effect to any
    partial reallocation pursuant to clause (1) above) in accordance with
    the procedures set forth in Section 2.17(e) for so long as such

87
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
    Letters of Credit are outstanding or until such time and to the extent
    that, as a result of the paydown of the Loans, the reallocation
    described in clause (1) above can be effected;

    (3)               if Borrower cash collateralizes any portion of such
    Defaulting Lender’s Pro Rata Share of the Letters of Credit pursuant to
    clause (2) above, Borrower shall not be required to pay any fees to
    such Defaulting Lender pursuant to Section 2.17(g) with respect to such
    Defaulting Lender’s Pro Rata Share of the Letters of Credit during the
    period such Defaulting Lender’s Pro Rata Share of the Letters of Credit
    is cash collateralized;

    (4)               if the Pro Rata Shares of the non-Defaulting Lenders
    are reallocated pursuant to clause (1) above, then the fees payable to
    the Banks pursuant to Section 2.08 and Section 2.17(g) shall be
    adjusted in accordance with such non-Defaulting Lenders’ reallocated
    Pro Rata Shares;

    (5)               if all or any portion of such Defaulting Lender’s Pro
    Rata Share of outstanding Letters of Credit is neither reallocated nor
    cash collateralized pursuant to clause (1) or (2) above, then, without
    prejudice to any rights or remedies of the Fronting Bank or any other
    Bank hereunder, all facility fees that otherwise would have been
    payable to such Defaulting Lender (solely with respect to the portion
    of such Defaulting Lender’s Loan Commitment that was utilized by such
    Pro Rata Share of the outstanding Letters of Credit) and letter of
    credit fees payable under Section 2.17(g) with respect to such
    Defaulting Lender’s Pro Rata Share of the outstanding Letters of Credit
    shall be payable to the Fronting Bank until and to the extent that such
    Pro Rata Share is reallocated and/or cash collateralized; and

    (6)               so long as such Bank is a Defaulting Lender, the
    Swingline Lender shall not be required to fund any Swingline Loan and
    the Fronting Bank shall not be required to issue, amend or increase any
    Letter of Credit, unless it is satisfied that the related exposure and
    the Defaulting Lender’s then outstanding Pro Rata Share of outstanding
    Letters of Credit will be 100% covered by the Loan Commitments of the
    non-Defaulting Lenders and/or cash collateral will be provided by the
    Borrower in accordance with Section 12.20(c)(2), and participating
    interests in any newly made Swingline Loan or any newly issued or
    increased Letter of Credit shall be allocated among non-Defaulting
    Lenders in a manner consistent with Section 12.20(c)(1) (and such
    Defaulting Lender shall not participate therein).

(d)               If (i) a Bankruptcy Event or a Bail-In Action with 
respect to a Parent of any Bank shall occur following the date hereof and 
for so long as such event shall continue or (ii) the Swingline Lender or 
the Fronting Bank has a good faith belief that any Bank has defaulted in 
fulfilling its obligations under one or more other agreements in which such 
bank commits to extend credit, the Swingline Lender shall not be required 
to fund any Swingline Loan and the Fronting Bank shall not be required to 
issue, amend or increase any Letter of Credit, unless the Swingline Lender 
or the Fronting Bank, as the case may be, (x) shall have entered into 
arrangements with Borrower or such Bank, satisfactory to the Swingline 
Lender or the Fronting Bank, as the case may be, to defease any risk to it 
in respect of such Bank hereunder, or (y) is satisfied that the related 
exposure and such Bank’s then outstanding Pro Rata Share of

88
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
outstanding Letters of Credit will be 100% covered by the Loan Commitments 
of the other Banks and/or cash collateral will be provided by the Borrower 
in accordance with Section 12.20(c)(2), and participating interests in any 
newly made Swingline Loan or any newly issued or increased Letter of Credit 
shall be allocated among the other Banks in a manner consistent with 
Section 12.20(c)(1) (and such Bank shall not participate therein).

(e)                In the event that the Administrative Agent, the 
Borrower, the Swingline Lender and the Fronting Bank each agrees that a 
Defaulting Lender has adequately remedied all matters that caused such Bank 
to be a Defaulting Lender, then such Bank shall thereupon cease to be a 
Defaulting Lender and the Pro Rata Shares of the Banks with respect to the 
Swingline Loans and the outstanding Letters of Credit shall be readjusted 
to reflect the inclusion of such Bank’s Loan Commitment and on such date 
such Bank shall purchase at par such of the Loans of the other Banks (other 
than Bid Rate Loans and Swingline Loans) as the Administrative Agent shall 
determine may be necessary in order for such Bank to hold such Loans in 
accordance with its Pro Rata Share and cash collateral under Section 
12.20(c)(3) to be redelivered to the Borrower.

(f)                In the event that a Bank shall become a Defaulting 
Lender, then, provided that no Event of Default shall have occurred and be 
outstanding, and subject to the provisions of applicable law, for so long 
as such Bank shall remain a Defaulting Lender, Borrower shall have the 
right to replace such Defaulting Lender as though it were an Affected Bank, 
in accordance with the provisions of Section 3.07.

Section 12.21.  Use for Mortgages. From time to time, on not less than ten 
(10) Banking Days’ notice, the Borrower may request proceeds of the Loans 
be used to refinance or acquire properties secured by certain secured 
mortgage Debt of the Borrower and/or its Subsidiaries, in which event, a 
portion of the Loans equal to the amount of the advances made hereunder in 
connection with such refinancing or acquisition, at the Borrower’s 
election, may be secured by an amended and restated mortgage on the 
property securing the mortgage Debt to be so refinanced or acquired (a 
“Refinancing Mortgage”) and evidenced by a mortgage note executed by 
Borrower and/or one or more Subsidiaries (provided that if Borrower shall 
not execute such mortgage note, the Borrower shall execute a guaranty of 
such mortgage note), as more particularly set forth in Section 2.09, 
provided that no Refinancing Mortgage may encumber a property located in a 
Special Flood Hazard Area as designated by the Federal Emergency Management 
Agency.  At least seven (7) Banking Days prior to the recordation of any 
Refinancing Mortgage, the Administrative Agent shall provide all Banks with 
a legal description and special flood hazard determination form for all 
property proposed to be encumbered thereby.  Any such Refinancing Mortgage 
and any other agreement, certifications, opinions and other documents will 
be (i) in form and substance reasonably acceptable to the Administrative 
Agent and its counsel, (ii) be consistent in all respects with the terms of 
this Agreement, and (iii) subject to being released or assigned by the 
Administrative Agent at the request of the Borrower (it being understood 
and agreed that the Administrative Agent and the Banks shall not be 
required to give any representations or warranties with respect to any such 
release or assignment, including with respect to any aspects of the Debt 
secured thereby, except that it is the holder thereof and authorized to 
execute and deliver the same). In addition, in connection with each 
Refinancing Mortgage, the Administrative Agent, at the request and expense 
of Borrower, will provide subordination, non-disturbance and attornment 
agreements and intercreditor and/or subordination agreements with respect 
to any other Debt secured by the

89
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
related mortgaged property, in each case in form and substance reasonably 
satisfactory to the Administrative Agent.  Unless otherwise directed by 
Borrower, any prepayments made by the Borrower shall be applied first to 
any and all Loans outstanding that are not secured by a Refinancing 
Mortgage, and only to Loans secured by Refinancing Mortgages if there shall 
be no other Loans outstanding at the time.

Section 12.22.  Bottom-Up Guaranties. At Borrower’s request from time to 
time, Administrative Agent shall accept “bottom-up” guaranties of the Loans 
from limited partners in Borrower in such amounts and on such terms as 
Borrower shall request, provided that Administrative Agent shall have 
reasonably satisfied itself and the Banks with respect to OFAC and similar 
restrictions in respect of any such proposed guarantor.

Section 12.23.  Confidentiality. Each of the Administrative Agent, the 
Fronting Banks and the Banks agrees to maintain the confidentiality of the 
Information (as defined below), except that Information may be disclosed 
(a) to its and its Affiliates' directors, officers, employees, and agents, 
including accountants, legal counsel and other advisors (it being 
understood that the Persons to whom such disclosure is made will be 
informed of the confidential nature of such Information and instructed to 
keep such Information confidential), (b) to the extent requested by any 
Governmental Authority (including any self-regulatory authority, such as 
the National Association of Insurance Commissioners), (c) to the extent 
required by applicable laws or regulations or by any subpoena or similar 
legal process, (d) to any other party to this Agreement, (e) in connection 
with the exercise of any remedies hereunder or any suit, action or 
proceeding relating to this Agreement or the enforcement of rights 
hereunder, (f) subject to an agreement containing provisions substantially 
the same as those of this Section, to (i) any assignee of or Participant 
in, or any prospective assignee of or Participant in, any of its rights or 
obligations under this Agreement or (ii)  any actual or prospective 
counterparty (or its advisors) to any swap or derivative transaction 
relating to the Borrower and its obligations, (g) with the consent of the 
Borrower, (h) a confidential basis to any rating agency in connection with 
rating the Borrower or the Loans or (i) to the extent such Information (x) 
becomes publicly available other than as a result of a breach of this 
Section or (y) becomes available to the Administrative Agent, any Fronting 
Bank or any Bank on a non-confidential basis from a source other than the 
Borrower.  For the purposes of this Section, “Information” means all 
information received from the Borrower relating to the Borrower or its 
business, other than any such information that was available to the 
Administrative Agent, any Fronting Bank or any Bank on a non-confidential 
basis prior to disclosure by the Borrower.  In addition, the Administrative 
Agent and the Banks may disclose the existence of this Agreement and 
information about this Agreement to market data collectors, similar service 
providers to the lending industry and service providers to the 
Administrative Agent and the Banks in connection with the administration of 
this Agreement, the other Loan Documents, and the Loan Commitments.

Section 12.24.  Transitional Arrangements.  

(a)                Existing 2011 Credit Agreement Superseded.  This 
Agreement shall supersede the Existing 2011 Credit Agreement in its 
entirety, except as provided in this Section 12.24.  On the Execution Date, 
(i) the loans outstanding under the Existing 2011 Credit Agreement shall 
become Loans hereunder, (ii) the rights and obligations of the parties 
under the Existing 2011 Credit Agreement and the “Notes” defined therein 
shall be subsumed within and be governed by

90
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
this Agreement and the Notes; provided, however, that for purposes of this 
clause (ii) any of the “Obligations” (as defined in the Existing 2011 
Credit Agreement) outstanding under the Existing 2011 Credit Agreement 
shall, for purposes of this Agreement, be Obligations hereunder, (iii) this 
Agreement shall not in any way release or impair the rights, duties or 
obligations created pursuant to the Existing 2011 Credit Agreement or any 
other Loan Document or affect the relative priorities thereof, in each case 
to the extent in force and effect thereunder as of the Execution Date, 
except as modified hereby or by documents, instruments and agreements 
executed and delivered in connection herewith, and all of such rights, 
duties and obligations are assumed, ratified and affirmed by the Borrower; 
(iv) the obligations incurred under the Existing 2011 Credit Agreement 
shall, to the extent outstanding on the Execution Date, continue 
outstanding under this Agreement and shall not be deemed to be paid, 
released, discharged or otherwise satisfied by the execution of this 
Agreement, and this Agreement shall not constitute a refinancing, 
substitution or novation of such obligations or any of the other rights, 
duties and obligations of the parties hereunder; and (v) the execution, 
delivery and effectiveness of this Agreement shall not operate as a waiver 
of any right, power or remedy of the Banks or the Administrative Agent 
under the Existing 2011 Credit Agreement, or constitute a waiver of any 
covenant, agreement or obligation under the Existing 2011 Credit Agreement, 
except to the extent that any such covenant, agreement or obligation is no 
longer set forth herein or is modified hereby.  The Banks’ interests in 
such obligations, and participations in outstanding Letters of Credit and 
Swingline Loans under the Existing 2011 Credit Agreement, shall be 
reallocated on the Execution Date in accordance with each Bank's Pro Rata 
Share.  On the Execution Date, (A) the loan commitment of each Bank that is 
a party to the Existing 2011 Credit Agreement but is not a party to this 
Agreement (an “Exiting Bank”) shall be terminated, all outstanding 
obligations owing to such Exiting Banks under the Existing 2011 Credit 
Agreement on the Execution Date shall be paid in full, and each Exiting 
Bank shall cease to be a Bank under this Agreement; provided, however, 
that, notwithstanding anything else provided herein or otherwise, any 
rights of an Exiting Bank under the Loan Documents that are intended by 
their express terms to survive termination of the Loan Commitments and/or 
the repayment, satisfaction or discharge of obligations under any Loan 
Document shall survive for such Exiting Bank hereunder, and (B) each Person 
listed on Schedule 1 attached to this Agreement shall be a Bank under this 
Agreement with the Loan Commitment set forth opposite its name on such 
Schedule 1. 

(b)               Interest and Fees under Existing 2011 Credit Agreement.  
All interest and all commitment, facility and other fees and expenses owing 
or accruing under or in respect of the Existing 2011 Credit Agreement shall 
be calculated as of the Execution Date (prorated in the case of any 
fractional periods), and shall be paid on the Execution Date in accordance 
with the method specified in the Existing 2011 Credit Agreement as if such 
agreement were still in effect.

Section 12.25.  No Advisory or Fiduciary Responsibility. In connection with 
all aspects of each transaction contemplated hereby (including in 
connection with any amendment, waiver or other modification hereof or of 
any other Loan Document), the Borrower acknowledges and agrees, and 
acknowledges its Affiliates’ understanding, that: (i) (A) the arranging and 
other services regarding this Agreement provided by the Administrative 
Agent, the Lead Arrangers, and the Banks are arm’s-length commercial 
transactions between the Borrower and its Affiliates, on the one hand, and 
the Administrative Agent, the Lead Arrangers, and the Banks, on the other 
hand, (B) the Borrower has consulted its own legal, accounting, regulatory

91
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
and tax advisors to the extent it has deemed appropriate, and (C) the 
Borrower is capable of evaluating, and understands and accepts, the terms, 
risks and conditions of the transactions contemplated hereby and by the 
other Loan Documents; (ii) (A) the Administrative Agent, each Lead Arranger 
and each Bank is and has been acting solely as a principal and, except as 
expressly agreed in writing by the relevant parties, has not been, is not, 
and will not be acting as an advisor, agent or fiduciary for the Borrower 
or any of its Affiliates, or any other Person and (B) neither the 
Administrative Agent, any Lead Arranger nor any Bank has any obligation to 
the Borrower or any of its Affiliates with respect to the transactions 
contemplated hereby except those obligations expressly set forth herein and 
in the other Loan Documents; and (iii) the Administrative Agent,  the Lead 
Arrangers and the Banks and their respective Affiliates may be engaged in a 
broad range of transactions that involve interests that differ from those 
of the Borrower and its Affiliates, and neither the Administrative Agent, 
any Lead Arranger, nor any Bank has any obligation to disclose any of such 
interests to the Borrower or its Affiliates.  To the fullest extent 
permitted by law, the Borrower hereby waives and releases any claims that 
it may have against the Administrative Agent, any Lead Arranger or any Bank 
with respect to any breach or alleged breach of agency or fiduciary duty in 
connection with any aspect of any transaction contemplated hereby.

Section 12.26.  Acknowledgement and Consent to Bail-In of EEA Financial 
Institutions.  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in any Loan 
Document or in any other agreement, arrangement or understanding among any 
such parties, each party hereto acknowledges that any liability of any EEA 
Financial Institution arising under any Loan Document may be subject to the 
write-down and conversion powers of an EEA Resolution Authority and agrees 
and consents to, and acknowledges and agrees to be bound by:

(a)                the application of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers 
by an EEA Resolution Authority to any such liabilities arising hereunder 
which may be payable to it by any party hereto that is an EEA Financial 
Institution; and

(b)               the effects of any Bail-In Action on any such liability, 
including, if applicable:

    (i)                 a reduction in full or in part or cancellation of
    any such liability;

    (ii)               a conversion of all, or a portion of, such liability
    into shares or other instruments of ownership in such EEA Financial
    Institution, its parent entity, or a bridge institution that may be
    issued to it or otherwise conferred on it, and that such shares or
    other instruments of ownership will be accepted by it in lieu of any
    rights with respect to any such liability under this Agreement or any
    other Loan Document; or

    (iii)             the variation of the terms of such liability in
    connection with the exercise of the write-down and conversion powers of
    any EEA Resolution Authority.

[REMAINDER OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY BLANK]

92
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
                        VORNADO REALTY L.P.,
                        a Delaware limited partnership
                         
                        By:      Vornado Realty Trust,
                                    a Maryland real estate investment
                        trust,
                                    general partner
                         
                         
                         
                            By:      /s/ Alan Rice                         
                                         
                            Name: Alan Rice
                            Title: Senior Vice President
                             
                        Address for Notices:

                        210 Route 4 East
                        Paramus, New Jersey 07652-0910
                        Attention: Chief Financial Officer
                        Telephone: (201) 587-1000
                        Telecopy: (201) 587-0600

                        with copies to:

                        Vornado Realty Trust
                        888 Seventh Avenue
                        New York, New York 10106
                        Attention: Executive Vice President - Capital
                        Markets
                        Telephone: (212) 894-7000
                        Telecopy: (212) 894-7073

                        and

                        Vornado Realty Trust
                        888 Seventh Avenue
                        New York, New York 10106
                        Attention: Senior Vice President - Corporation
                        Counsel
                        Telephone: (212) 894-7000
                        Telecopy: (212) 894-7996
                             
                         
DB3/ 201145005.1
 
 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
                        JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A., as
                        Administrative Agent and as a Bank, Fronting Bank
                        and Swingline Lender
                         
                         
                         
                        By:      /s/ Sangeeta Mahadevan        
                        Name: Sangeeta Mahadevan
                        Title: Executive Director
                         
                        Address for Notices:

                        JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A.
                        383 Park Avenue, 24th Floor
                        New York, New York 10179
                        Attn: Sangeeta Mahadevan
                        Telephone: (212) 834-7029
                        Telecopy: (212) 270-2157

                        and

                        JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A.
                        500 Stanton Christiana Road, Ops 2, Floor 03
                        Newark, DE  19713-2107
                        Attn:    Shannon Reaume
                        Telephone: (302) 634-1156
                        Telecopy: (302) 634-4733
                         
                         
DB3/ 201145005.1
 
 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
                        BANK OF AMERICA, N.A. as a Bank, Fronting
                        Bank and Swingline Lender
                         
                         
                         
                        By:      /s/ Ronald Odlozil                        
                             
                        Name: Ronald Odlozil
                        Title: Senior Vice President
                         

                        Address for Notices:

                        Bank of America, N.A.
                        901 Main Street, 64th Floor
                        Dallas, TX 75202
                        Attn: Ron Odlozil
                        Telephone: (214) 209-1512
                        Telecopy: (214) 290-0995
                         
                         
DB3/ 201145005.1
 
 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
                        WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL
                        ASSOCIATION
                         
                         
                         
                        By:      /s/ D. Bryan Gregory                      
                           
                        Name: D. Bryan Gregory
                        Title: Director
                         
DB3/ 201145005.1
 
 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
                        CITIBANK, N.A.
                         
                         
                         
                        By:      /s/ John C. Rowland               
                        Name: John C. Rowland
                        Title: Vice President
                         
DB3/ 201145005.1
 
 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
                        PNC BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION
                         
                         
                         
                        By:      /s/ Denise Smyth                    
                        Name: Denise Smyth
                        Title:   Senior Vice President
                         
DB3/ 201145005.1
 
 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
                        U.S. BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION
                         
                         
                         
                        By:      /s/ Michael Hussey                 
                        Name: Michael Hussey
                        Title: Senior Vice President
                         
DB3/ 201145005.1
 
 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
                        BMO HARRIS BANK, N.A.
                         
                         
                         
                        By:      /s/ Kevin Fennell                    
                        Name: Kevin Fennell
                        Title: Vice President
                         
DB3/ 201145005.1
 
 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
                        GOLDMAN SACHS BANK USA
                         
                         
                         
                        By:      /s/ Annie Carr                         
                        Name: Annie Carr
                        Title: Authorized Signatory
                         
DB3/ 201145005.1
 
 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
                        MIZUHO BANK, LTD.
                         
                         
                         
                        By:      /s/ John Davies                       
                        Name: John Davies
                        Title:  Authorized Signatory
                         
DB3/ 201145005.1
 
 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
                        MORGAN STANLEY BANK, N.A.
                         
                         
                         
                        By:      /s/ Michael King                     
                        Name: Michael King
                        Title: Authorized Signatory
                         
DB3/ 201145005.1
 
 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
                        BARCLAYS BANK PLC
                         
                         
                         
                        By:      /s/ Christopher Aitkin             
                        Name: Christopher Aitkin
                        Title: Assistant Vice President
                         
DB3/ 201145005.1
 
 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
                        DEUTSCHE BANK AG NEW YORK BRANCH
                         
                         
                         
                        By:      /s/ James Rolison                    
                        Name: James Rolison
                        Title:  Managing Director
                         
                         
                         
                        By:      /s/ Murray Mackinnon            
                        Name: Murray Mackinnon
                        Title:  Vice President
                         
DB3/ 201145005.1
 
 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
                        SOCIÉTÉ GÉNÉRALE
                         
                         
                         
                        By:      /s/ Nigel Elvey                        
                        Name: Nigel Elvey
                        Title: Director
                         
DB3/ 201145005.1
 
 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
                        BRANCH BANKING AND TRUST COMPANY
                         
                         
                         
                        By:      /s/ Brad Bowen                      
                        Name: Brad Bowen
                        Title: Vice President
                         
DB3/ 201145005.1
 
 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
                        ING CAPITAL LLC
                         
                         
                         
                        By:      /s/ Craig R. Bender                
                        Name: Craig R. Bender
                        Title: Managing Director
                         
                         
                         
                        By:      /s/ Jeffrey B. Schwartz           
                        Name: Jeffrey B. Schwartz
                        Title: Vice President
                         
DB3/ 201145005.1
 
 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
                        LANDESBANK BADEN-WÜRTTEMBERG,
                        NEW YORK BRANCH
                         
                         
                         
                        By:      /s/ David Mcgannon               
                        Name: David Mcgannon
                        Title: Senior Relationship Manager
                                 Vice President
                         
                         
                         
                        By:      /s/ Rayna Karaivanov             
                        Name Rayna Karaivanov
                        Title: AVP
                                 Relationship Manager
                         
DB3/ 201145005.1
 
 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
                        THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON
                         
                         
                         
                        By:      /s/ Carol Murray                     
                        Name: Carol Murray
                        Title: Managing Director
                         
DB3/ 201145005.1
 
 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
                        THE BANK OF NOVA SCOTIA
                         
                         
                         
                        By:      /s/ Anthony Ottavino             
                        Name: Anthony Ottavino
                        Title:   Director
                         
DB3/ 201145005.1
 
 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
                      THE BANK OF TOKYO-MITSUBISHI UFJ, LTD.,
                      NEW YORK BRANCH
                       
                       
                       
                      By:           /s/ John Feeney           
                      Name: John Feeney
                      Title:  Director
                       
DB3/ 201145005.1
 
 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
                        BANK OF CHINA NEW YORK BRANCH
                         
                         
                         
                        By:      /s/ Raymond Qiao                  
                        Name: Raymond Qiao
                        Title: Managing Director
                         
DB3/ 201145005.1
 
 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
                        CHINA MERCHANTS BANK CO. LTD., NEW
                        YORK BRANCH
                         
                         
                         
                        By:      /s/ Xin Wang                          
                        Name: Xin Wang
                        Title: Department Head of
                                 Corporate Banking U.S. Group
                         
                         
                        By:      /s/ Xuejun (Andrew) Mao      
                        Name: Xuejun (Andrew) Mao
                        Title: Deputy General Manager
                         
                         
DB3/ 201145005.1
 
 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
                        CREDIT AGRICOLE CORPORATE AND
                        INVESTMENT BANK
                         
                         
                         
                        By:      /s/ Adam Jenner                           
                             
                        Name: Adam Jenner
                        Title:   Director
                         
                         
                         
                        By:      /s/ Dominique Fournier                    
                         
                        Name: Dominique Fournier
                        Title:   Managing Director
                         
DB3/ 201145005.1
 
 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
                        PEOPLE’S UNITED BANK, NATIONAL
                        ASSOCIATION
                         
                         
                        By:      /s/ Jason Bishop                      
                        Name: Jason Bishop
                        Title: Senior Vice President
                         
DB3/ 201145005.1
 
 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
                        TD BANK, N.A.
                         
                         
                         
                        By:      /s/ Aaron C. Miller                 
                        Name: Aaron C. Miller
                        Title:  VP
                         
                         
DB3/ 201145005.1
 
 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
                        MANUFACTURERS AND TRADERS TRUST
                        COMPANY
                         
                         
                         
                        By:      /s/ Jonathan Tolpin                       
                             
                        Name: Jonathan Tolpin
                        Title: Administrative Vice President
                         
DB3/ 201145005.1
 
 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
                        THE BANK OF EAST ASIA, LIMITED
                        NEW YORK BRANCH
                         
                         
                         
                        By:      /s/ Victor Cheong                         
                             
                        Name: Victor Cheong
                        Title: SVP & Head of Business Development
                         
                         
                         
                        By:      /s/ Kitty Sin                             
                                  
                        Name: Kitty Sin
                        Title: SVP & Head of Credit
DB3/ 201145005.1
 
 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
                        TRISTATE CAPITAL BANK
                         
                         
                         
                        By:      /s/ Alex Fatenko                     
                        Name: Alex Fatenko
                        Title:  SVP
DB3/ 201145005.1
 
 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
                        DEUTSCHE BANK TRUST COMPANY
                        AMERICAS, as Exiting Bank
                         
                         
                         
                        By:      /s/ James Rolison                    
                        Name: James Rolison
                        Title: Managing Director
                         
                         
                         
                        By:      /s/ Murray Mackinnon            
                        Name: Murray Mackinnon
                        Title: Vice President
                         
                         
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
SCHEDULE 1
 
 
             
 
Bank
Loan Commitment
 
 
 
 
 
 
JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A.
$77,000,000.00
 
 
Bank of America, N.A.
$77,000,000.00
 
 
Wells Fargo Bank, National Association
$77,000,000.00
 
 
Citibank, N.A.
$67,000,000.00
 
 
PNC Bank, National Association
$67,000,000.00
 
 
U.S. Bank National Association
$67,000,000.00
 
 
BMO Harris Bank, N.A.
$67,000,000.00
 
 
Goldman Sachs Bank USA
$67,000,000.00
 
 
Mizuho Bank, Ltd.
$67,000,000.00
 
 
Morgan Stanley Bank, N.A.
$67,000,000.00
 
 
Barclays Bank PLC
$60,000,000.00
 
 
Deutsche Bank AG, New York Branch
$60,000,000.00
 
 
Société Générale
$60,000,000.00
 
 
Branch Banking and Trust Company
$35,000,000.00
 
 
ING Capital LLC
$35,000,000.00
 
 
Landesbank Baden-Württemberg, New York Branch
$35,000,000.00
 
 
The Bank of New York Mellon
$35,000,000.00
 
 
The Bank of Nova Scotia
$35,000,000.00
 
 
The Bank of Tokyo-Mitsubishi UFJ, Ltd.
$35,000,000.00
 
 
Bank of China New York Branch
$25,000,000.00
 
 
China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd., New York Branch
$25,000,000.00
 
 
Credit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank
$25,000,000.00
 
 
People’s United Bank
$25,000,000.00
 
 
TD Bank, N.A.
$25,000,000.00
 
 
Manufacturers and Traders Trust Company
$15,000,000.00
 
 
The Bank of East Asia, Limited
$10,000,000.00
 
 
TriState Capital Bank
$10,000,000.00
 
 
 
 
 
 
Total
$1,250,000,000.00
 
 

 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
                     Schedule 2
 
 Toys ‘R’ Us 
 Dune
 Suffolk Downs 
 Insignia 
 Island  Global Yachting 
 1776 Seed Fund
 Local Motors
 Sinewave
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
Schedule 2.17(j)
 
                     None
                      
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
                      SCHEDULE  2A  General  Partner  Investments 
 
 
 
Entity
 
State of Organization
 
Percentage of Ownership
 
Asset Owned (other than
VRLP units)
 
825 Seventh Avenue
Holding Corporation
 
New York
 
100%
 
None
 
NFM Corp.
 
 
 
Delaware
 
 
100%
 
 
None
Ninety Park Lender QRS. Inc.
 
 
Delaware
 
100%
 
1% interest in loan from Ninety
 Park Lenders LLC
Trees Acquisitions Subsidiary, Inc.
 
 
Delaware
 
100%
 
None
Vornado Finance SPE, Inc.
 
 
Delaware
 
100%
 
None
Vornado Green Acres
SPE Managing Member, Inc.
 
 
Delaware
 
100%
 
0.1% Interest in Green Acres
Mall
Vornado 90 Park QRS,
Inc.
 
 
New York
 
100%
 
1% interest in mortgage from
Vornado 90 Park Avenue LLC
Vornado Investments Corporation
 
 
Delaware
 
100%
 
None
A-2 
 
 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
                     Schedule 3
 
 None
 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
Schedule 7.01
 
 
 
Term Loan Agreement, dated as of October 30, 2015 among Vornado Realty 
L.P., JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent, the documentation 
agents listed on the cover sheet thereto, and the Banks party thereto from 
time to time.
 
Amended and Restated Revolving Agreement, dated as of September 30, 2014 
among Vornado Realty L.P., JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative 
agent, the documentation agents listed on the cover sheet thereto, and the 
Banks party thereto from time to time.
 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
EXHIBIT A

AUTHORIZATION LETTER

November__, 2016

JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A.
270 Park Avenue
New York, New York 10017

            Re:       Amended and Restated Revolving Credit Agreement dated
            as of the date hereof (the “Loan Agreement”; capitalized terms
            not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings ascribed
            to such terms in the Loan Agreement) among us, as Borrower, the
            Banks named therein, and you, as Administrative Agent for said
            Banks

Gentlemen:

In connection with the captioned Loan Agreement, we hereby designate any of 
the following persons to give to you instructions, including notices 
required pursuant to the Loan Agreement, orally, by telephone or 
teleprocess, or in writing:

            Steven Roth;
            Mark Hudspeth;
            Michael Franco;
            Joseph Macnow; and
            Stephen Theriot.
             
Instructions may be honored on the oral, telephonic, teleprocess or written 
instructions of anyone purporting to be any one of the above designated 
persons even if the instructions are for the benefit of the person 
delivering them. We will furnish you with confirmation of each such 
instruction in writing signed by any person designated above (including any 
telecopy or .pdf via e-mail which, in each case, appears to bear the 
signature of any person designated above) on the same day that the 
instruction is provided to you but your responsibility with respect to any 
instruction shall not be affected by your failure to receive such 
confirmation or by its contents.

Without limiting the foregoing, we hereby unconditionally authorize any one 
of the above-designated persons to execute and submit requests for advances 
of proceeds of the Loans (including the Initial Advance) and notices of 
Elections, Conversions and Continuations to you under the Loan Agreement 
with the identical force and effect in all respects as if executed and 
submitted by us.

You and the Banks shall be fully protected in, and shall incur no liability 
to us for, acting upon any instructions which you in good faith believe to 
have been given by any person designated above, and in no event shall you 
or any Bank be liable for special, consequential or punitive damages.

A-1 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
Upon written notice to us, you may, at your option, refuse to execute any 
instruction, or part thereof, without incurring any responsibility for any 
loss, liability or expense arising out of such refusal if you in good faith 
believe that the person delivering the instruction is not one of the 
persons designated above or if the instruction is not accompanied by an 
authentication method that we have agreed to in writing.

We will promptly notify you in writing of any change in the persons 
designated above and, until you have actually received such written notice 
and have had a reasonable opportunity to act upon it, you are authorized to 
act upon instructions, even though the person delivering them may no longer 
be authorized.

                            Very truly yours,

                            VORNADO REALTY L.P.,
                            a Delaware limited partnership

                            By: Vornado Realty Trust,
                           a Maryland real estate investment trust, general
                           partner

                             By:                                           
                                       
                               Name:
                               Title:
A-2 
 
 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
EXHIBIT B

RATABLE LOAN NOTE

$________________
New York, New York
 

November 7, 2016

For value received, Vornado Realty L.P., a Delaware limited partnership 
(“Borrower”), hereby promises to pay to the order of ___________ or its 
successors or assigns (collectively, the “Bank”), at the principal office 
of JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. located at 270 Park Avenue, New York, New York 
10017 (“Administrative Agent”) for the account of the Applicable Lending 
Office of the Bank, the principal sum of __________ Dollars ($________) or, 
if less, the amount loaned by the Bank as Ratable Loans and Swingline Loans 
to Borrower pursuant to the Loan Agreement (as defined below) and actually 
outstanding, in lawful money of the United States and in immediately 
available funds, in accordance with the terms set forth in the Loan 
Agreement. Borrower also promises to pay interest on the unpaid principal 
balance hereof, for the period such balance is outstanding, in like money, 
at said office for the account of said Applicable Lending Office, at the 
times and at the rates per annum as provided in the Loan Agreement. Any 
amount of principal hereof which is not paid when due, whether at stated 
maturity, by acceleration, or otherwise, shall bear interest from the date 
when due until said principal amount is paid in full, payable on demand, at 
the rates set forth in the Loan Agreement.

The date and amount of each advance of a Ratable Loan or a Swingline Loan 
made by the Bank to Borrower under the Loan Agreement, and each payment of 
said Ratable Loan or Swingline Loan, shall be recorded by the Bank on its 
books and, prior to any transfer of this Note (or, at the discretion of the 
Bank, at any other earlier time), may be endorsed by the Bank on the 
schedule attached hereto and any continuation thereof.

This Note is one of the Ratable Loan Notes referred to in the Amended and 
Restated Revolving Credit Agreement dated as of November 7, 2016 (as the 
same may be amended from time to time, the “Loan Agreement”) among 
Borrower, the Banks named therein (including the Bank) and Administrative 
Agent, as administrative agent for the Banks. All of the terms, conditions 
and provisions of the Loan Agreement are hereby incorporated by reference. 
All capitalized terms used herein and not defined herein shall have the 
meanings given to them in the Loan Agreement.

The Loan Agreement contains, among other things, provisions for the 
prepayment of and acceleration of this Note upon the happening of certain 
stated events.

No recourse shall be had under this Note against the General Partner or the 
VRT Principals except as and to the extent set forth in Section 11.02 of 
the Loan Agreement.

All parties to this Note, whether principal, surety, guarantor or endorser, 
hereby waive presentment for payment, demand, protest, notice of protest 
and notice of dishonor.

This Note shall be governed by the laws of the State of New York.

B-1 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Borrower has executed and delivered this Note on the 
day and year first above written.

                            VORNADO REALTY L.P.,
                            a Delaware limited partnership

                            By: Vornado Realty Trust,
                           a Maryland real estate investment trust, general
                           partner
                           By.                                             
                                         
                             Name:
                             Title:


B-2 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
                                     

Date
Type of
Advance
Amount
of Advance
Amount
of Payment
Balance
Outstanding
Notation By
 
 
 
 
 
 
B-3 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
EXHIBIT C

BID RATE LOAN NOTE

$625,000,000
New York, New York
 

November 7, 2016

For value received, Vornado Realty L.P., a Delaware limited partnership 
(“Borrower”), hereby promises to pay to the order of JPMorgan Chase Bank, 
N.A. (“Administrative Agent”) or its successors or assigns as 
Administrative Agent for the account of the respective Banks making Bid 
Rate Loans or their respective successors or assigns (for the further 
account of their respective Applicable Lending Offices), at the principal 
office of Administrative Agent located at 270 Park Avenue, New York, New 
York 10017, the principal sum of Six Hundred Twenty Five Million Dollars 
($625,000,000) or, if less, the amount loaned by said Banks as Bid Rate 
Loans to Borrower pursuant to the Loan Agreement (as defined below) and 
actually outstanding, in lawful money of the United States and in 
immediately available funds, in accordance with the terms set forth in the 
Loan Agreement. Borrower also promises to pay interest on the unpaid 
principal balance hereof, for the period such balance is outstanding, in 
like money, at said office for the account of said Banks for the further 
account of their respective Applicable Lending Offices, at the times and at 
the rates per annum as provided in the Loan Agreement. Any amount of 
principal hereof which is not paid when due, whether at stated maturity, by 
acceleration, or otherwise, shall bear interest from the date when due 
until said principal amount is paid in full, payable on demand, at the rate 
set forth in the Loan Agreement.

The date and amount of each Bid Rate Loan to Borrower under the Loan 
Agreement referred to below, the name of the Bank making the same, the 
interest rate applicable thereto and the maturity date thereof (i.e., the 
end of the Interest Period applicable thereto) shall be recorded by 
Administrative Agent on its records and may be endorsed by Administrative 
Agent on the schedule attached hereto and any continuation thereof.

This Note is the Bid Rate Loan Note referred to in the Amended and Restated 
Revolving Credit Agreement dated as of November 7, 2016 (as the same may be 
amended from time to time, the “Loan Agreement”) among Borrower, the Banks 
named therein and Administrative Agent, as administrative agent for the 
Banks. All of the terms, conditions and provisions of the Loan Agreement 
are hereby incorporated by reference. All capitalized terms used herein and 
not defined herein shall have the meanings given to them in the Loan 
Agreement.

The Loan Agreement contains, among other things, provisions for the 
prepayment of and acceleration of this Note upon the happening of certain 
stated events.

No recourse shall be had under this Note against the General Partner or the 
VRT Principals except as and to the extent set forth in Section 11.02 of 
the Loan Agreement.

All parties to this Note, whether principal, surety, guarantor or endorser, 
hereby waive presentment for payment, demand, protest, notice of protest 
and notice of dishonor.

This Note shall be governed by the laws of the State of New York.

 

C-1 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Borrower has executed and delivered this Note on the 
day and year first above written.

                            VORNADO REALTY L.P.,
                            a Delaware limited partnership

                            By: Vornado Realty Trust,
                           a Maryland real estate investment trust, general
                           partner
                           By.                                             
                                         
                             Name:
                             Title:


 

C-2 
 
 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
                                     

Date
Type of
Advance
Amount
of Advance
Amount
of Payment
Balance
Outstanding
Notation By
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




C-3 
 
 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
EXHIBIT D

SOLVENCY CERTIFICATE

The officer executing this Certificate is the ___________ of Vornado Realty 
Trust, a Maryland real estate investment trust (“General Partner”), the 
sole general partner of Vornado Realty L.P., a Delaware limited partnership 
(“Borrower”), and is familiar with its properties, assets and businesses, 
and is duly authorized to execute this Certificate on behalf of Borrower 
pursuant to the Amended and Restated Revolving Credit Agreement dated the 
date hereof (the “Loan Agreement”) among Borrower, the banks party thereto 
(each a “Bank” and collectively, the “Banks”) and JPMorgan Chase Bank, 
N.A., as agent for the Banks (in such capacity, together with its 
successors in such capacity, the “Agent”). In executing this Certificate, 
such individual is acting solely in [his] [her] capacity as the 
_____________ of General Partner, and not in [his] [her] individual 
capacity. Unless otherwise defined herein, terms defined in the Loan 
Agreement are used herein as therein defined.

The undersigned further certifies that [he] [she] has carefully reviewed 
the Loan Agreement and the other Loan Documents and the contents of this 
Certificate and, in connection herewith, has made such investigation and 
inquiries as [he] [she] deems necessary and prudent therefor. The 
undersigned further certifies that the financial information and 
assumptions which underlie and form the basis for the representations made 
in this Certificate were reasonable when made and were made in good faith 
and continue to be reasonable as of the date hereof.

The undersigned understands that the Agent is relying on the truth and 
accuracy of this Certificate in connection with the transactions 
contemplated by the Loan Agreement.

The undersigned certifies that Borrower is Solvent.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has executed this Certificate on ____ 
________________________.





                                                                           
                                                     
                            Name:
                            Title:
D-1 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
EXHIBIT E

FORM OF ASSIGNMENT AND ASSUMPTION AGREEMENT

This Assignment and Assumption (the “Assignment and Assumption”) is dated 
as of the Effective Date set forth below and is entered into by and between 
[Insert name of Assignor] (the “Assignor”) and [Insert name of Assignee] 
(the “Assignee”). Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have 
the meanings given to them in the Loan Agreement identified below (as 
amended, restated, extended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time 
to time, the “Loan Agreement”), receipt of a copy of which is hereby 
acknowledged by the Assignee. The Standard Terms and Conditions set forth 
in Annex 1 attached hereto are hereby agreed to and incorporated herein by 
reference and made a part of this Assignment and Assumption as if set forth 
herein in full.

For an agreed consideration, the Assignor hereby irrevocably sells and 
assigns to the Assignee, and the Assignee hereby irrevocably purchases and 
assumes from the Assignor, subject to and in accordance with the Standard 
Terms and Conditions and the Loan Agreement, as of the Effective Date 
inserted by the Administrative Agent as contemplated below (i) all of the 
Assignor’s rights and obligations in its capacity as a Bank under the Loan 
Agreement and any other documents or instruments delivered pursuant thereto 
to the extent related to the amount and percentage interest identified 
below of all of such outstanding rights and obligations of the Assignor 
under the respective facilities identified below (including any letters of 
credit, guarantees and swingline loans included in such facilities) and 
(ii) to the extent permitted to be assigned under applicable law, all 
claims, suits, causes of action and any other right of the Assignor (in its 
capacity as a Bank) against any Person, whether known or unknown, arising 
under or in connection with the Loan Agreement, any other documents or 
instruments delivered pursuant thereto or the loan transactions governed 
thereby or in any way based on or related to any of the foregoing, 
including contract claims, tort claims, malpractice claims, statutory 
claims and all other claims at law or in equity related to the rights and 
obligations sold and assigned pursuant to clause (i) above (the rights and 
obligations sold and assigned pursuant to clauses (i) and (ii) above being 
referred to herein collectively as the “Assigned Interest”). Such sale and 
assignment is without recourse to the Assignor and, except as expressly 
provided in this Assignment and Assumption, without representation or 
warranty by the Assignor.

1.   Assignor:                      ______________________________

2.   Assignee:                      ______________________________
                                            [and is [a Bank] [a Bank 
Affiliate of [identify Bank][1]]]

3.   Borrower:                     Vornado Realty L.P.

             4.   Administrative Agent:  JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as the
             administrative agent under the Loan Agreement

             5.   Loan Agreement:          The Amended and Restated
             Revolving Credit Agreement dated as of November 7, 2016 among
             Vornado Realty L.P., the Banks from time

------------------------------------------------------------------------
[1]               Select as applicable.
E-1 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
             to time party thereto, and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as
             Administrative Agent for the Banks

6.   Assigned Interest:

Aggregate Amount of Loan Commitment/Loans for all Banks
Amount of Loan Commitment/Loans Assigned
Percentage Assigned of Loan Commitment/Loans[2]
 
$
$
%
 
$
$
%
 
$
$
%
 
 
Effective Date:  _____________ ___, 20___ [TO BE INSERTED BY ADMINISTRATIVE 
AGENT AND WHICH SHALL BE THE EFFECTIVE DATE OF RECORDATION OF TRANSFER IN 
THE REGISTER THEREFOR.]

The Assignee, if not already a Bank, agrees to deliver to the 
Administrative Agent a completed Administrative Questionnaire in which the 
Assignee designates one or more credit contacts to whom all syndicate-level 
information (which may contain material non-public information about the 
Borrower and its Affiliates or their respective securities) will be made 
available and who may receive such information in accordance with the 
Assignee’s compliance procedures and applicable laws, including Federal and 
state securities laws.

This Assignment and Assumption is conditioned upon the consent of the 
Administrative Agent and, if no Event of Default shall have occurred and be 
continuing, Borrower pursuant to Section 12.05(c) of the Loan Agreement.  
The execution of this Assignment and Assumption by the Borrower and the 
Administrative Agent is evidence of this consent and acknowledgment, 
respectively.  

Reference is made to Section 10.13 of the Loan Agreement.  The Assignee 
hereby represents that it is entitled to receive any payments to be made to 
it under the Loan Agreement or hereunder without the withholding of any tax 
and agrees to furnish the evidence of such exemption as specified therein 
and otherwise to comply with the provisions of said Section 10.13.

[Signature pages follow]

 

------------------------------------------------------------------------
[2]               Set forth, to at least 9 decimals, as a percentage of the 
applicable Loan Commitment/Loans of all Banks thereunder.
E-2 
 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
            The terms set forth in this Assignment and Assumption are 
hereby agreed to:

 

ASSIGNOR

[NAME OF ASSIGNOR]

   
   
   
  By:
   
   
   
Title:
 
 

ASSIGNEE

[NAME OF ASSIGNEE]

   
   
   
  By:
   
   
   
Title:
 
[Consented to and][3]  Accepted:

JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A.,
as Administrative Agent


By_________________________________
 Name:
 Title:

 
VORNADO REALTY L.P.,
Delaware limited partnership

By: Vornado Realty Trust,
a Maryland real estate investment trust, general partner


By_________________________________
 Name:
 Title:

[FRONTING BANKS/SWINGLINE LENDERS]


By_________________________________
 Name:
 Title:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
[3]               To be added only if the consent of the Administrative 
Agent and/or Borrower and/or Fronting Banks and/or Swingline Lenders is 
required by the terms of the Loan Agreement.
E-3 
 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
STANDARD TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR
ASSIGNMENT AND ASSUMPTION

1.  Representations and Warranties. 

1.1  Assignor. The Assignor (a) represents and warrants that (i) it is the 
legal and beneficial owner of the Assigned Interest, (ii) the Assigned 
Interest is free and clear of any lien, encumbrance or other adverse claim 
created by the Assignor, (iii) it has full power and authority, and has 
taken all action necessary, to execute and deliver this Assignment and 
Assumption and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby and (iv) 
it is not a Defaulting Lender; and (b) assumes no responsibility with 
respect to (i) any statements, warranties or representations made in or in 
connection with the Loan Agreement, (ii) the execution, legality, validity, 
enforceability, genuineness, sufficiency or value of the Loan Agreement or 
any collateral thereunder, (iii) the financial condition of the Borrower, 
any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates or any other Person obligated in 
respect of the Loan Agreement or (iv) the performance or observance by the 
Borrower, any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates or any other Person of any 
of their respective obligations under the Loan Agreement.

1.2. Assignee. The Assignee (a) represents and warrants that (i) it has 
full power and authority, and has taken all action necessary, to execute 
and deliver this Assignment and Assumption and to consummate the 
transactions contemplated hereby and to become a Bank under the Loan 
Agreement, (ii) it satisfies the requirements, if any, specified in the 
Loan Agreement that are required to be satisfied by it in order to acquire 
the Assigned Interest and become a Bank, (iii) from and after the Effective 
Date, it shall be bound by the provisions of the Loan Agreement as a Bank 
thereunder and, to the extent of the Assigned Interest, shall have the 
obligations of a Bank thereunder, (iv) it has received a copy of the Loan 
Agreement, together with copies of the most recent financial statements 
referred to in Section 5.15 thereof or delivered pursuant to Section 
6.09(1) and Section 6.09(2) thereof, as applicable, and such other 
documents and information as it has deemed appropriate to make its own 
credit analysis and decision to enter into this Assignment and Assumption 
and to purchase the Assigned Interest on the basis of which it has made 
such analysis and decision independently and without reliance on the 
Administrative Agent, the Assignor or any other Bank, and (v) attached to 
the Assignment and Assumption is any documentation required to be delivered 
by it pursuant to the terms of the Loan Agreement, duly completed and 
executed by the Assignee; and (b) agrees that (i) it will, independently 
and without reliance on the Administrative Agent, the Assignor or any other 
Bank, and based on such documents and information as it shall deem 
appropriate at the time, continue to make its own credit decisions in 
taking or not taking action under the Agreement, and (ii) it will perform 
in accordance with their terms all of the obligations which by the terms of 
the Agreement are required to be performed by it as a Bank.

2. Payments. From and after the Effective Date, the Administrative Agent 
shall make all payments in respect of the Assigned Interest (including 
payments of principal, interest, fees and other amounts) to the Assignor 
for amounts which have accrued to but excluding the Effective Date and to 
the Assignee for amounts which have accrued from and after the Effective 
Date.

3. General Provisions. This Assignment and Assumption shall be binding 
upon, and inure to the benefit of, the parties hereto and their respective 
successors and assigns. This Assignment and

E-4 
 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
Assumption may be executed in any number of counterparts, which together 
shall constitute one instrument. Acceptance and adoption of the terms of 
this Assignment and Assumption by the Assignee and the Assignor by 
electronic signature or delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature 
page of this Assignment and Assumption by any Electronic System shall be 
effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this Assignment 
and Assumption. This Assignment and Assumption shall be governed by, and 
construed in accordance with, the law of the State of New York.

E-5 
 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
EXHIBIT F

MATERIAL AFFILIATES

None

 
F-1 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
EXHIBIT G-1

BID RATE QUOTE REQUEST

[Date]

        To:                   JPMorgan Chase Bank, NA, as Administrative
        Agent (the “Administrative
        Agent”)

        From:               Vornado Realty L.P.

        Re:                   Amended and Restated Revolving Credit
        Agreement (as amended, the “Loan Agreement”) dated as of November
        7, 2016 among Vornado Realty L.P., the Banks party thereto and the
        Administrative Agent

We hereby give notice pursuant to Section 2.02 of the Loan Agreement that 
we request Bid Rate Quotes for the following proposed Bid Rate Loans:

Date of Borrowing: _____________________________

Principal Amount*                                                      
Interest Period** 

$




        Such Bid Rate Quotes should offer a LIBOR Bid Margin.  [Such Bid
        Rate Quotes should offer the following prepayment terms:
        __________________.]***

        Terms used herein have the meanings assigned to them in the Loan
        Agreement.

 
VORNADO REALTY L.P.,
 
 

a Delaware limited partnership

 

 
By:  Vornado Realty Trust,
          a Maryland real estate investment trust,
          general partner
 
 
By ________________________
 
 
     Name:
     Title:
 
 
 
 
 
  	  	  	 
________________________
 
*        Subject to the minimum amount and other requirements set forth in 
Section 2.02 of the Loan Agreement.
**     Subject to the provisions of the definition of “Interest Period” in 
the Loan Agreement.
***   To be included if Borrower requests prepayment terms different than 
those applicable to Ratable Loans.




G-1-1 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
EXHIBIT G-2

INVITATION FOR BID RATE QUOTES

To:       [Bank]

Re:       Invitation for Bid Rate Quotes to Vornado Realty L.P. 
(“Borrower”)

Pursuant to Section 2.02 of the Amended and Restated Revolving Credit 
Agreement dated as of November 7, 2016 among Borrower, the Banks party 
thereto and the undersigned, as Administrative Agent (as amended, the “Loan 
Agreement’), we are pleased on behalf of Borrower to invite you to submit 
Bid Rate Quotes to Borrower for the following proposed Bid Rate Loans:

Date of Borrowing: _________________________________

Principal Amount                                            Interest Period

$

Such Bid Rate Quotes should offer a LIBOR Bid Margin.  [Such Bid Rate 
Quotes should offer the following prepayment terms: __________________.]*

Please respond to this invitation by no later than 10:00 a.m. (New York 
time) on [date] (the third Banking Day prior to the Date of Borrowing).

Terms used herein have the meanings assigned to them in the Loan Agreement.

 
JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, NA.,
 
 

as Administrative Agent
 

 
 
By ____________________________
 
 
      Name:
      Title:
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
                               




________________________
*        To be included if Borrower requests prepayment terms different 
than those applicable to Ratable Loans.
                               




G-2-1 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
EXHIBIT G-3

BID RATE QUOTE


To:                   JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent

        Re:                   Bid Rate Quote to Vornado Realty L.P.
        (“Borrower”) pursuant to Amended and Restated Revolving Credit
        Agreement dated November 7, 2016 among Borrower, the Banks party
        thereto and Administrative Agent (as amended, the “Loan Agreement”)

In response to your invitation on behalf of Borrower dated _______________ 
20__, we hereby make the following Bid Rate Quote on the following terms:

1.         Quoting Bank:  ___________________
2.         Person to contact at Quoting Bank:  _______________
3.         Date of borrowing:  _______________*
    4.         We hereby offer to make Bid Rate Loan(s) in the following
    principal amounts, for the following Interest Periods and at the
    following rates:


Principal Amount**                            Interest Period***            
           LIBOR Bid Margin****

$

$
    [Provided, that the aggregate principal amount of Bid Rate Loans for
    which the above offers may be accepted shall not exceed $    .] 
5.         LIBOR Reserve Requirement, if any _______________________:
6.         Prepayment terms if different from Ratable Loans: 
___________________
7.         Terms used herein have the meanings assigned to them in the Loan 
Agreement.

We understand and agree that the offer(s) set forth above, subject to the 
satisfaction of the applicable conditions set forth in the Loan Agreement, 
irrevocably obligates us to make the Bid Rate Loan(s) for which any 
offer(s) are accepted, in whole or in part.

                            Very truly yours,
                            [NAME OF BANK]

Date: ___________________________                    By:                    
                                               
                                  Authorized Officer

_________________________
*              As specified in the related Invitation for Bid Rate Quotes.
**           Principal amount bid for each Interest Period may not exceed 
principal amount requested. Specify aggregate limitation if the sum of the 
individual offers exceeds the amount the Bank is willing to lend. Amounts 
of bids are subject to the requirements of Section 2.02(c) of the Loan 
Agreement.
***         No more than five (5) bids are permitted for each Interest 
Period.
****       Margin over or under the LIBOR Interest Rate determined for the 
applicable Interest Period. Specify percentage (to the nearest 1/1,000 of 1 
%) and specify whether “PLUS” or “MINUS”.
G-3-1 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
EXHIBIT G-4

ACCEPTANCE OF BID RATE QUOTE

        To:                   JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative
        Agent (the “Administrative Agent”)

From:               Vornado Realty L.P. (“Borrower”)

        Re:                   Amended and Restated Revolving Credit
        Agreement (as amended, the “Loan Agreement”) dated as of November
        7, 2016 among Borrower, the Banks party thereto and the
        Administrative Agent

We hereby accept the offers to make Bid Rate Loan(s) set forth in the Bid 
Rate Quote(s) identified below:


Bank
Date of Bid
Rate Quote
Principal
Amount
Interest
Period
LIBOR
Bid Margin






Terms used herein have the meanings assigned to them in the Loan Agreement.

                        Very truly yours,

 
VORNADO REALTY L.P.,
 
 

a Delaware limited partnership

 

 
By:  Vornado Realty Trust,
         a Maryland real estate investment trust, general
         partner
 
 
By _______________________________________
 
 
        Name:
        Title:
 
 
 
 
 
 
G-4-1  
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
EXHIBIT H

DESIGNATION AGREEMENT

Reference is made to that certain Amended and Restated Revolving Credit 
Agreement dated as of November 7, 2016 (as amended, supplemented or 
otherwise modified from time to time, the “Loan Agreement”) among Vornado 
Realty L.P., the Banks party thereto, and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as 
Administrative Agent for said banks. Terms defined in the Loan Agreement 
and not otherwise defined herein are used herein with the same meaning.

[BANK] (“Designor”) and __________, a ___________________ (“Designee”), 
agree as follows:

1.         Designor hereby designates Designee, and Designee hereby accepts 
such designation, to have a right to make Bid Rate Loans pursuant to 
Section 2.02 of the Loan Agreement. Any assignment by Designor to Designee 
of its rights to make a Bid Rate Loan pursuant to such Section shall be 
effective at the time of the funding of such Bid Rate Loan and not before 
such time.

2.         Except as set forth in Section 6 below, Designor makes no 
representation or warranty and assumes no responsibility pursuant to this 
Designation Agreement with respect to (a) any statements, warranties or 
representations made in or in connection with any Loan Document or any 
other instrument or document furnished pursuant thereto or the execution, 
legality, validity, enforceability, genuineness, sufficiency or value of 
any Loan Document or any other instrument and document furnished pursuant 
thereto or (b) the financial condition of Borrower or the performance or 
observance by Borrower of any of their obligations under any Loan Document 
or any other instrument or document furnished pursuant thereto.

3.         Designee (a) confirms that it has received a copy of each Loan 
Document, together with copies of such financial statements and other 
documents and information as it has deemed appropriate to make its own 
credit analysis and decision to enter into this Designation Agreement; (b) 
agrees that it will independently and without reliance upon Administrative 
Agent, Designor or any other Bank, and based on such documents and 
information as it shall deem appropriate at the time, continue to make its 
own credit decisions in taking or not taking action under any Loan 
Document; (c) represents that it is a Designated Lender; (d) appoints and 
authorizes Administrative Agent to take such action as agent on its behalf 
and to exercise such powers and discretion under any Loan Document as are 
delegated to Administrative Agent by the terms thereof, together with such 
powers and discretion as are reasonably incidental thereto; and (e) agrees 
that it will perform in accordance with their terms all of the obligations 
which by the terms of any Loan Document are required to be performed by it 
as a Bank.

4.         Designee hereby appoints Designor as Designee’s agent and 
attorney-in-fact, and grants to Designor an irrevocable power of attorney, 
to receive payments made for the benefit of Designee under the Loan 
Agreement, to deliver and receive all communications and notices under the 
Loan Agreement and other Loan Documents and to exercise on Designee’s 
behalf all rights to vote and to grant and make approvals, waivers, 
consents or amendments to or under the Loan Agreement or other Loan 
Documents. Any document executed by Designor on

H-1  
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
Designee’s behalf in connection with the Loan Agreement or other Loan 
Documents shall be binding on Designee. Borrower, Administrative Agent and 
each of the Banks may rely on and are beneficiaries of this Designation 
Agreement.

5.         Following the execution of this Designation Agreement by 
Designor and Designee, it will be delivered to Administrative Agent for 
acceptance by Administrative Agent. The effective date for this Designation 
Agreement (the “Effective Date”) shall be the date of acceptance hereof by 
Administrative Agent.

6.         Designor unconditionally agrees to pay or reimburse Designee and 
save Designee harmless against all liabilities, obligations, losses, 
damages, penalties, actions, judgments, suits, costs, expenses or 
disbursements of any kind or nature whatsoever which may be imposed or 
asserted by any of the parties to the Loan Documents against Designee, in 
its capacity as such, in any way relating to or arising out of this 
Agreement or any other Loan Documents or any action taken or omitted by the 
Designee hereunder or thereunder, provided that Designor shall not be 
liable for any portion of such liabilities, obligations, losses, damages, 
penalties, actions, judgments, suits, costs, expenses or disbursements if 
the same results from Designee’s gross negligence or willful misconduct.

7.         As of the Effective Date, Designee shall be a party to the Loan 
Agreement with a right to make Bid Rate Loans as a Bank pursuant to Section 
2.02 of the Loan Agreement and the rights and obligations of a Bank related 
thereto; provided, however, that Designee shall not be required to make 
payments with respect to such obligations except to the extent of excess 
cash flow of Designee which is not otherwise required to repay obligations 
of Designee which are then due and payable, Notwithstanding the foregoing, 
Designor, as administrative agent for Designee, shall be and remain 
obligated to Borrower, Administrative Agent and the Banks for each and 
every of the obligations of Designee and Designor with respect to the Loan 
Agreement, including, without limitation, any indemnification obligations 
under Section 10.05 of the Loan Agreement.

8.         This Designation Agreement shall be governed by, and construed 
in accordance with, the laws of the State of New York.

9.         This Designation Agreement may be executed in any number of 
counterparts and by different parties hereto in separate counterparts, each 
of which when so executed shall be deemed to be an original and all of 
which taken together shall constitute one and the same agreement.

H-2  
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Designor and Designee have executed and delivered this 
Designation Agreement as of the date first set forth above.

 


[DESIGNOR]


 


 
By _____________________________________
 
 
       Name:
       Title:

 
 
 

 


[DESIGNEE]


 


 
By _____________________________________
 
 
       Name:
       Title:

 
 
 

 
Applicable Lending Office
 
 


and Address for Notices:


 


 
_____________________________
 
 
_____________________________
 
 
_____________________________
 
 
 
 
 
 
Attention: ________________________________
 
 
Telephone: (   )____________________________
 
 
Telecopy:   (   )____________________________
 
 
 
 
 
 

ACCEPTED AS OF THE __ DAY OF _________________, 20___

 

 
JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A.,
 
 

as Administrative Agent

 

 
By _____________________________________
 
 
       Name:
       Title:
 
 
 
  	  	  	 
H-3  
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
EXHIBIT I

Local 32B/J Service Employees International Union and Charles E. Smith 
Realty, 10/16/15-10/15/19

2012 Contractors Agreement between Service Employees International Union 
Local 32B/J, AFL-CIO and The Realty Advisory Board on Labor Relations, 
Inc., 1/1/16-12/31/19

2012 Commercial Building Agreement between Local 32B/J Service Employees 
International Union, AFL-CIO and The Realty Advisory Board on Labor 
Relations, Inc., 1/1/16-12/31/19

Security Officers Collective Bargaining Agreement between the Service 
Employees International Union Local 32B/J, AFL-CIO and Guard Management 
Service Corp., 1/1/16-12/31/19

Metal Polishers Production and Novelty Workers Union Local 8A-28A and Metal 
Brite Service Corp., 6/1/14-5/31/17

Local Union No. 7 Tile, Marble, and Terrazzo, AFL-CIO of New York and New 
Jersey and The Marble Industry of New York, Inc., 7/1/12 - 6/30/18

Collective Bargaining Agreement between Hotel Association of New York City, 
Inc. and New York Hotel-Motel Trades Council, AFL-CIO, 7/1/12 - 6/30/18

2012 New Jersey Contractors Agreement Local 32B/J, Service Employees 
International Union and Building Maintenance Service LLC, 1/1/16-12/31/19

Agreement between Charles E. Smith Commercial Realty (CESCR) and 
International Union of Operating Engineers Local 99-99A, AFL-CIO for 
Charles E. Smith Real Estate Services L.P. Buildings, 1/1/15-12/31/17

Engineer Agreement between Realty Advisory Board on Labor Relations, 
Incorporated, and Local 94-94A-94B International Union of Operating 
Engineers AFL-CIO, 1/1/15-12/31/18

Collective Bargaining Agreement between Service Employees International 
Union Local 32BJ and Washington Service Contractors Association, 
10/16/15-10/15/19

Collective Bargaining Agreement between Local 670, Stationary Engineers, 
Firemen, Maintenance and Building Service Union and Building Maintenance 
Service LLC, 1/1/16-12/31/19

Agreement by and between Building Maintenance Service LLC and Service 
Employees International Union Local 32BJ for Metal Marble Workers, 
1/25/15-1/24/19

2012 Window Cleaners Agreement between Service Employees International 
Union, Local 32BJ and The Realty Advisory Board on Labor Relations, Inc. 
1/1/16 – 12/31/19

Collective Bargaining Agreement between Service Employees International 
Union Local 32BJ and H Street Management, LLC at Riverhouse Apartments 
Complex, 10/1/1 - 9/30/16

I-1
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
Local 1, Janitorial Agreement between Building Owners and Management 
Association of Chicago and Building Service Division, Service Employees 
International Union, Local 1 Janitorial Employees, 4/6/15 - 4/8/18

Local 1, Security Agreement between Building Owners and Management 
Association of Chicago and Service Employees International Union, Local 1, 
4/25/16 - 4/28/19

Engineer Agreement between Building Owners and Management Association of 
Chicago and Local 399 of the International Union of Operating Engineers, 
5/19/14 - 5/21/17

Electricians Agreement between The Electrical Contractors’ Association of 
City of Chicago and Local Union No. 134 International Brotherhood of 
Electrical Workers, 6/2/2014 – 6/5/2017

Joint Agreement between the Builders’ Association, Mason Contractors’ 
Association of Greater Chicago, Lake County Contractors Association, 
Illinois Road and Transportation Builders Association, Underground 
Contractors Association and the Construction and General Laborers’ District 
Council of Chicago and Vicinity, affiliated with the Laborers International 
Union of North America, 6/1/2013 – 5/31/2017

Collective Bargaining Agreement between the Chicago Journeymen Plumbers’ 
Local Union 130, U.A. and Plumbing Contractors Association, 6/1/2014 – 
5/31/2017

Agreement between Mid-America Regional Bargaining Association and the 
Chicago Regional Council of Carpenters, 6/1/2014 – 5/31/2019

Agreement between VNO 3300 Northern Blvd. LLC and United Industrial 
Service, Transportation, Professional and Government Worker of North 
America, AFL-CIO, 5/1/15 – 11/30/16

Agreement between Production and Service Employees International Union 
Local #143, IND, and Building Maintenance Service LLC, 9/1/16 – 8/31/19

I-2  
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

EXHIBIT J-1

FORM OF U.S. TAX COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE

(For Foreign Banks That Are Not Partnerships For U.S. Federal Income Tax 
Purposes)


Reference is hereby made to the Amended and Restated Revolving Credit 
Agreement dated as of November 7, 2016 (as amended, supplemented or 
otherwise modified from time to time, the “Loan Agreement”), among Vornado 
Realty, L.P., as Borrower, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative 
Agent, and each Bank from time to time party thereto.
 
Pursuant to the provisions of Section 10.13(f)(ii)(B)(3) of the Loan 
Agreement, the undersigned hereby certifies that (i) it is the sole record 
and beneficial owner of the Loan(s) (as well as any Note(s) evidencing such 
Loan(s)) in respect of which it is providing this certificate, (ii) it is 
not a bank within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code, (iii) it 
is not a ten percent shareholder of the Borrower within the meaning of 
Section 871(c)(3)(B) of the Code and (iv) it is not a controlled foreign 
corporation related to the Borrower as described in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of 
the Code.
 
The undersigned has furnished the Administrative Agent and the Borrower 
with a certificate of its non-U.S. Person status on IRS Form W-8BEN or 
W-8BEN-E. By executing this certificate, the undersigned agrees that (1) if 
the information provided on this certificate changes, the undersigned shall 
promptly so inform the Borrower and the Administrative Agent, and (2) the 
undersigned shall have at all times furnished the Borrower and the 
Administrative Agent with a properly completed and currently effective 
certificate in either the calendar year in which each payment is to be made 
to the undersigned, or in either of the two calendar years preceding such 
payments.
 
Unless otherwise defined herein, terms defined in the Loan Agreement and 
used herein shall have the meanings given to them in the Loan Agreement.
 
 
[NAME OF BANK]

By:                                                                         
     
       Name:
       Title:
 
Date: ________ __, 20__
J-1-1
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
EXHIBIT J-2
 
FORM OF U.S. TAX COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE
 
(For Foreign Banks That Are Partnerships For U.S. Federal Income Tax 
Purposes)


Reference is hereby made to the Amended and Restated Revolving Credit 
Agreement dated as of November 7, 2016 (as amended, supplemented or 
otherwise modified from time to time, the “Loan Agreement”), among Vornado 
Realty, L.P., as Borrower, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative 
Agent, and each Bank from time to time party thereto.
 
Pursuant to the provisions of Section 10.13(f)(ii)(B)(4) of the Loan 
Agreement, the undersigned hereby certifies that (i) it is the sole record 
owner of the Loan(s) (as well as any Note(s) evidencing such Loan(s)) in 
respect of which it is providing this certificate, (ii) its direct or 
indirect partners/members are the sole beneficial owners of such Loan(s) 
(as well as any Note(s) evidencing such Loan(s)), (iii) with respect to the 
extension of credit pursuant to this Loan Agreement or any other Loan 
Document, neither the undersigned nor any of its direct or indirect 
partners/members is a bank extending credit pursuant to a loan agreement 
entered into in the ordinary course of its trade or business within the 
meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code, (iv) none of its direct or 
indirect partners/members is a ten percent shareholder of the Borrower 
within the meaning of Section 871(c)(3)(B) of the Code and (v) none of its 
direct or indirect partners/members is a controlled foreign corporation 
related to the Borrower as described in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Code.
 
The undersigned has furnished the Administrative Agent and the Borrower 
with IRS Form W-8IMY accompanied by one of the following forms from each of 
its partners/members that is claiming the portfolio interest exemption: (i) 
an IRS Form W-8BEN or W-8BEN-E or (ii) an IRS Form W-8IMY accompanied by an 
IRS Form W-8BEN or W-8BEN-E from each of such partner’s/member’s beneficial 
owners that is claiming the portfolio interest exemption. By executing this 
certificate, the undersigned agrees that (1) if the information provided on 
this certificate changes, the undersigned shall promptly so inform the 
Borrower and the Administrative Agent, and (2) the undersigned shall have 
at all times furnished the Borrower and the Administrative Agent with a 
properly completed and currently effective certificate in either the 
calendar year in which each payment is to be made to the undersigned, or in 
either of the two calendar years preceding such payments.
 
Unless otherwise defined herein, terms defined in the Loan Agreement and 
used herein shall have the meanings given to them in the Loan Agreement.
 
[NAME OF BANK]

By:                                                                         
                                                                            
             
        Name:
        Title:
 
Date: ________ __, 20__
J-2-1
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
EXHIBIT J-3
 
FORM OF U.S. TAX COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE
 
(For Foreign Participants That Are Not Partnerships For U.S. Federal Income 
Tax Purposes)


Reference is hereby made to the Amended and Restated Revolving Credit 
Agreement dated as of November 7, 2016 (as amended, supplemented or 
otherwise modified from time to time, the “Loan Agreement”), among Vornado 
Realty, L.P., as Borrower, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative 
Agent, and each Bank from time to time party thereto.
 
Pursuant to the provisions of Section 10.13(f)(ii)(B)(4) of the Loan 
Agreement, the undersigned hereby certifies that (i) it is the sole record 
and beneficial owner of the participation in respect of which it is 
providing this certificate, (ii) it is not a bank within the meaning of 
Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code, (iii) it is not a ten percent shareholder 
of the Borrower within the meaning of Section 871(c)(3)(B) of the Code, and 
(iv) it is not a controlled foreign corporation related to the Borrower as 
described in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Code.
 
The undersigned has furnished its participating Bank with a certificate of 
its non-U.S. Person status on IRS Form W-8BEN or W-8BEN-E. By executing 
this certificate, the undersigned agrees that (1) if the information 
provided on this certificate changes, the undersigned shall promptly so 
inform such Bank in writing, and (2) the undersigned shall have at all 
times furnished such Bank with a properly completed and currently effective 
certificate in either the calendar year in which each payment is to be made 
to the undersigned, or in either of the two calendar years preceding such 
payments.
 
Unless otherwise defined herein, terms defined in the Loan Agreement and 
used herein shall have the meanings given to them in the Loan Agreement.
 
 
[NAME OF PARTICIPANT] 

By:                                                                         
     
        Name:
        Title:
 
 
Date: ________ __, 20__
J-3-1
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
EXHIBIT J-4
 
FORM OF U.S. TAX COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE
 
(For Foreign Participants That Are Partnerships For U.S. Federal Income Tax 
Purposes)


Reference is hereby made to the Amended and Restated Revolving Credit 
Agreement dated as of November 7, 2016 (as amended, supplemented or 
otherwise modified from time to time, the “Loan Agreement”), among Vornado 
Realty, L.P., as Borrower, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative 
Agent, and each Bank from time to time party thereto.
 
Pursuant to the provisions of Section 10.13(f)(ii)(B)(4) of the Loan 
Agreement, the undersigned hereby certifies that (i) it is the sole record 
owner of the participation in respect of which it is providing this 
certificate, (ii) its direct or indirect partners/members are the sole 
beneficial owners of such participation, (iii) with respect to such 
participation, neither the undersigned nor any of its direct or indirect 
partners/members is a bank extending credit pursuant to a loan agreement 
entered into in the ordinary course of its trade or business within the 
meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code, (iv) none of its direct or 
indirect partners/members is a ten percent shareholder of the Borrower 
within the meaning of Section 871(c)(3)(B) of the Code and (v) none of its 
direct or indirect partners/members is a controlled foreign corporation 
related to the Borrower as described in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Code.
 
The undersigned has furnished its participating Bank with IRS Form W-8IMY 
accompanied by one of the following forms from each of its partners/members 
that is claiming the portfolio interest exemption: (i) an IRS Form W-8BEN 
or W-8BEN-E or (ii) an IRS Form W-8IMY accompanied by an IRS Form W-8BEN or 
W-8BEN-E from each of such partner’s/member’s beneficial owners that is 
claiming the portfolio interest exemption. By executing this certificate, 
the undersigned agrees that (1) if the information provided on this 
certificate changes, the undersigned shall promptly so inform such Bank and 
(2) the undersigned shall have at all times furnished such Bank with a 
properly completed and currently effective certificate in either the 
calendar year in which each payment is to be made to the undersigned, or in 
either of the two calendar years preceding such payments.
 
Unless otherwise defined herein, terms defined in the Loan Agreement and 
used herein shall have the meanings given to them in the Loan Agreement.
 
 
[NAME OF PARTICIPANT]

By:                                                                         
                                                                            
             
        Name:
        Title:
 
 
Date: ________ __, 20__
 


------------------------------------------------------------------------
     
J-4-1
------------------------------------------------------------------------