 EX-10.30 5 exhibit1030-performancexba.htm PERFORMANCE-BASED RESTRICTED 
STOCK UNIT AWARD AGREEMENT (ADJUSTED ROE)


Exhibit 10.30

Kemper Corporation 2011 Omnibus Equity Plan


PERFORMANCE-BASED RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AWARD AGREEMENT


(Adjusted ROE)



This PERFORMANCE-BASED RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AWARD AGREEMENT (“Agreement”) 
is made as of this ______ day of ___________, ____ (“Grant Date”) between 
KEMPER CORPORATION, a Delaware corporation (“Company”), and «name» (“Award 
Holder”) for an Award of an aggregate of «shares» («shares») restricted 
stock units (the “RSUs”), each representing the right to receive one share 
of the Company’s common stock (“Common Stock”) on the terms and conditions 
set forth in this Agreement.


SIGNATURES


As of the date set forth above, the parties have accepted the terms of this 
Agreement by signing this Agreement by an electronic signature, and each 
party agrees that such signature shall not be denied legal effect, validity 
or enforceability solely because it was submitted or executed 
electronically.


KEMPER CORPORATION         AWARD HOLDER


By: «CEO Signature and Title»    By: «name»


RECITALS


A.    The Board of Directors of the Company has adopted the Kemper 
Corporation 2011 Omnibus Equity Plan (“Plan”), including all amendments to 
date, to be administered by the Compensation Committee of the Company’s 
Board of Directors or any subcommittee thereof or other committee 
designated by the Board to administer the Plan (“Committee”). Capitalized 
terms that are not defined herein shall be defined in accordance with the 
Plan.


B.    The Plan authorizes the Committee to grant to selected employees, 
directors and Third Party Service Providers of the Company or any Affiliate 
of the Company awards of various types, including restricted stock units 
providing the right to receive shares of Common Stock under specified terms 
and conditions.


C.    Pursuant to the Plan, the Committee has determined that it is in the 
best interest of the Company and its shareholders to grant the Award Holder 
an Award of restricted stock units under the terms and conditions specified 
in this Agreement as an inducement to remain in the service of the Company 
and an incentive for increased effort during such service.


NOW, THEREFORE, the parties hereto agree as follows:




As of 2-7-17-

------------------------------------------------------------------------

1.    Grant. The Company grants the RSUs to the Award Holder, subject to 
the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement. Except as otherwise 
set forth herein, the RSUs shall not entitle the Award Holder to any rights 
of a shareholder of Common Stock.



2.    Vesting and Forfeiture.


(a)    Restricted Period. The RSUs shall be subject to the vesting terms of 
Exhibit A. The RSUs shall be restricted during a period (“Restricted 
Period”) that begins on the Grant Date and expires on the date(s) that they 
vest in accordance with Exhibit A (“Vesting Date”), provided that the RSUs 
have not been forfeited pursuant to Section E of such applicable Exhibit 
and:


      (i)     the Award Holder is in Service (as hereafter defined) on the
      Vesting Date; or


      (ii) the Award Holder is Retirement Eligible (as hereafter defined)
      prior to the date the Award Holder terminates Service and the Award
      Holder has not, at any time prior to or on the Vesting Date, become
      an employee of a competitor of the Company or any of its Affiliates
      or otherwise engaged in any activity that is competitive with the
      Company or any of its Affiliates, as determined by the Company in its
      sole discretion.


The RSUs will vest on the Vesting Date only to the extent provided in and 
in accordance with the provisions of the applicable Exhibit.


(b)     Certain Definitions.


      (i) “Service” means that the Award Holder is employed by, or a Third
      Party Service Provider or member of the board of directors of, the
      Company or an Affiliate.


      (ii) “Retirement Eligible” means that the Award Holder has either
      attained age 60 and completed 10 years of Service as an Employee or
      attained age 65 and completed 5 years of Service as an Employee.


3.     Conversion of RSUs; Issuance of Common Stock. Except as otherwise 
provided in Section 8, the Company shall cause one share of Common Stock to 
be issued, within the time period provided below, for each RSU that is 
vesting upon the applicable Vesting Date.


Any issuance of Common Stock shall be subject to applicable tax withholding 
obligations as described in Section 6 and shall be in book-entry form, 
registered in the Award Holder’s name (or in the name of the Award Holder’s 
Representative, as the case may be), in payment of whole RSUs. Except as 
otherwise provided in Section 8, in no event shall the date that Common 
Stock is issued to the Award Holder (“Settlement Date”) occur later than 
the first to occur of (a) March 15th following the calendar year in which 
the Award Holder’s RSUs are no longer subject to a substantial risk of 
forfeiture, as such term is defined for purposes of Section 409A, or (b) 
ninety (90) days following the applicable Vesting Date.




As of 2-7-17-

------------------------------------------------------------------------

4.     Dividend Equivalents. If a cash dividend is declared and paid by the 
Company with respect to the Common Stock during the Restricted Period, the 
Award Holder shall be entitled to receive a cash payment equal to the total 
cash dividend the Award Holder would have received had the RSUs been actual 
shares of Common Stock, subject to applicable tax withholding obligations 
as described in Section 6. The cash payment shall be made on the date that 
the dividends are payable to holders of Common Stock (“Dividend Payment 
Date”).  The rules of Treas. Reg. § 1.409A-3(d) shall be applied in 
determining whether a cash payment is made on the Dividend Payment Date.


5.    Fair Market Value of Common Stock. The fair market value (“Fair 
Market Value”) of a share of Common Stock shall be determined for purposes 
of this Agreement by reference to the closing price of a share of Common 
Stock as reported by the New York Stock Exchange (or such other exchange on 
which the shares of Common Stock are primarily traded) for the Grant Date 
or Vesting Date, as applicable, or if no prices are reported for that day, 
the last preceding day on which such prices are reported (or, if for any 
reason no such price is available, in such other manner as the Committee in 
its sole discretion may deem appropriate to reflect the fair market value 
thereof).


6.    Withholding of Taxes. The Award Holder acknowledges that the vesting 
of the RSUs will result in the Award Holder being subject to payroll taxes 
upon the Vesting Date (to the extent that payroll taxes have not previously 
become due) and that the conversion of the RSUs to Common Stock will result 
in the Award Holder being subject to income taxes upon the Settlement Date. 
The Company will deduct from the shares of Common Stock that are otherwise 
due to be delivered to the Award Holder a number of whole shares of Common 
Stock having a Fair Market Value not in excess of the tax withholding 
requirements based on the maximum statutory withholding rates for the Award 
Holder for federal, state and local tax purposes (including the Award 
Holder’s share of payroll or similar taxes) in the applicable jurisdiction, 
and the Award Holder shall remit to the Company in cash any and all 
applicable withholding taxes that exceed the amount available to the 
Company using whole shares.


The Company shall withhold from any dividend equivalents paid during the 
Restricted Period an amount not in excess of the tax withholding 
requirements based on the maximum statutory withholding rates for the Award 
Holder for federal, state and local tax purposes (including the Award 
Holder’s share of payroll or similar taxes) in the applicable jurisdiction.


7.    Section 409A. The Company intends that the Award hereunder shall 
either be exempt from the application of, or compliant with, the 
requirements of Section 409A and this Award Agreement shall be interpreted 
and administered in accordance with such intent. In no event shall the 
Company and/or its Affiliates be liable for any tax, interest or penalties 
that may be imposed on the Award Holder (or the Award Holder’s estate) 
under Section 409A.


8.    Shares to be Issued in Compliance with Federal Securities Laws and 
Other Rules. No shares of Common Stock issuable in settlement of the RSUs 
shall be issued and delivered unless and until there shall have been full 
compliance with all applicable requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, 
as amended (whether by registration or satisfaction of exemption 
conditions), all applicable listing requirements of the New York Stock 
Exchange (or such other exchange(s) or market(s) on which shares of the 
same class are then listed) and any other requirements of law or




As of 2-7-17-

------------------------------------------------------------------------

of any regulatory bodies having jurisdiction over such issuance and 
delivery. The Company shall use its best efforts and take all necessary or 
appropriate actions to assure that such full compliance on the part of the 
Company is made. By signing this Agreement, the Award Holder represents and 
warrants that none of the shares to be acquired in settlement of the RSUs 
will be acquired with a view towards any sale, transfer or distribution of 
said shares in violation of the Securities Act of 1933 as amended (“Act”), 
and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, or any applicable 
“blue sky” laws, and that the Award Holder hereby agrees to indemnify the 
Company in the event of any violation by the Award Holder of such Act, 
rules, regulations or laws. The Company will use its best efforts to 
complete all actions necessary for such compliance so that settlement can 
occur within the period specified in Section 3; provided that if the 
Company reasonably anticipates that settlement within such period will 
cause a violation of applicable law, settlement may be delayed provided 
that settlement occurs at the earliest date at which the Company reasonably 
anticipates that such settlement will not cause a violation of applicable 
law, all in accordance with Treas. Reg. § 1.409A-2(b)(7)(ii).


9.    No Assignment or Other Transfer. During the Restricted Period, 
neither this Agreement, the RSU nor any rights and privileges granted 
hereby may be transferred, assigned, pledged or hypothecated in any way, 
whether by operation of the law or otherwise, except by will or the laws of 
descent and distribution. Without limiting the generality of the preceding 
sentence, no rights or privileges granted hereby may be assigned or 
otherwise transferred during the Restricted Period to the spouse or former 
spouse of the Award Holder pursuant to any divorce proceedings, settlement 
or judgment. Any attempt to transfer, assign, pledge, hypothecate or 
otherwise dispose of this Agreement, the RSUs or any other rights or 
privileges granted hereby contrary to the provisions hereof shall be null 
and void and of no force or effect.


10.    Certain Adjustments. The provisions of Sections 4.4 and 19.2 of the 
Plan relating to certain adjustments in the case of stock splits, 
reorganizations, equity restructurings and similar matters described 
therein are hereby incorporated in and made a part of this Agreement. Any 
such adjustments shall be made by the Committee, whose determination as to 
what adjustments shall be made, and the extent thereof, shall be final, 
binding and conclusive. No fractional shares of Common Stock shall be 
issued under the Plan on any such adjustment.


11.    Participation by Award Holder in Other Company Plans. Nothing herein 
contained shall affect the right of the Award Holder to participate in and 
receive benefits under and in accordance with the then current provisions 
of any retirement plan or employee welfare benefit plan or program of the 
Company or of any Affiliate of the Company, subject in each case, to the 
terms and conditions of any such plan or program.


12.    Not an Employment or Service Contract. Nothing herein contained 
shall be construed as an agreement by the Company or any of its Affiliates, 
expressed or implied, to employ or contract for the services of the Award 
Holder, to restrict the right of the Company or any of its Affiliates to 
discharge the Award Holder or cease contracting for the Award Holder’s 
services or to modify, extend or otherwise affect in any manner whatsoever, 
the terms of any employment agreement or contract for services which may 
exist between the Award Holder and the Company or any of its Affiliates.




As of 2-7-17-

------------------------------------------------------------------------

13.    Agreement Subject to the Plan. The RSUs hereby granted are subject 
to, and the Company and the Award Holder agree to be bound by, all of the 
terms and conditions of the Plan, as the same may be amended from time to 
time hereafter in accordance with the terms thereof, but no such amendment 
shall adversely affect the Award Holder’s rights under this Agreement 
without his or her prior written consent. To the extent that the terms or 
conditions of this Agreement conflict with the terms or conditions of the 
Plan, the Plan shall govern.


14.    Arbitration.  Notwithstanding the terms of any other agreement in 
effect between the parties, all disputes related to this Agreement or any 
RSUs granted hereunder shall be submitted to final and binding arbitration 
with the American Arbitration Association (“AAA”) pursuant to the AAA 
Employment Arbitration Rules and Mediation Procedures (“AAA Rules”) as 
amended from time to time. A copy of the AAA Rules is available to the 
Award Holder upon written request to the Company’s Director of Human 
Resources at One East Wacker Drive, Chicago, Illinois 60601 (or such other 
address as the Company may specify from time to time), or may be obtained 
online at: www.adr.org.


To initiate arbitration, either party must file a Demand for Arbitration 
(“Demand”) in the manner described in the AAA Rules. After a Demand has 
been filed and served, either party may request that the dispute initially 
be mediated pursuant to the AAA Rules, in which event such dispute shall be 
mediated. If mediation does not fully resolve the dispute or if neither 
party requests mediation, then the matter will be subject to arbitration 
before a single arbitrator who shall have the power to award any types of 
legal or equitable relief (other than punitive damages) available in a 
court of competent jurisdiction, including, but not limited to, attorneys’ 
fees and costs, and all defenses that would be applicable in a court of 
competent jurisdiction shall be available. Unless provided otherwise in the 
arbitrator’s award, each party will pay its own attorneys’ fees and costs. 
To the extent required by law or the AAA Rules, all administrative costs of 
arbitration (including reimbursement of filing fees) and the fees of the 
arbitrator will be paid by the Company. The parties agree that no class 
action proceedings (or joinder or consolidation with claims of any other 
person) may be brought in connection with this Agreement without the 
written consent of both parties.


15.    Governing Law. This Agreement and any disputes hereunder shall be 
governed by and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the State of 
Delaware, without application of its conflicts of laws principles, and the 
Federal Arbitration Act.


16.    Miscellaneous. This Agreement, together with the Plan, is the entire 
agreement of the parties with respect to the RSUs granted hereby and may 
not be amended except in a writing signed by both the Company and the Award 
Holder. If any provision of this Agreement is deemed invalid, it shall be 
modified to the extent possible and minimally necessary to be enforceable, 
and, in any event, the remainder of this Agreement will be in full force 
and effect.


17.    Forfeiture and Clawback of Award. Notwithstanding the terms 
regarding vesting and forfeiture or any other provision set forth in this 
Agreement and as a condition to the receipt of this Award, the rights, 
payments and benefits with respect to this Award are subject to reduction, 
cancellation, forfeiture, or recoupment by the Company if and to the extent
 required in accordance with Company policy as in effect from time to time 
(“Company Policy”), and/or as otherwise




As of 2-7-17-

------------------------------------------------------------------------

required by applicable law, rule or regulation of the Securities and 
Exchange Commission, or rule or listing requirement of the New York Stock 
Exchange as in effect from time to time (collectively with the Company 
Policy, “Applicable Requirements”) in connection with an accounting 
restatement or under such other circumstances as specified in the 
Applicable Requirements. Any action taken under this provision shall be 
made pursuant to the Company’s determination, which shall be final, binding 
and conclusive.


ADDITIONAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE ONLY TO EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE COMPANY:


18.    Stock Holding Period. The Award Holder agrees to hold the shares of 
Common Stock acquired upon the vesting of the RSUs for a minimum of twelve 
months following their Vesting Date. This holding period shall not apply to 
shares of Common Stock withheld by the Company to settle tax liabilities 
related to vesting, and as otherwise may be provided under the Company’s 
Stock Ownership Policy.









As of 2-7-17-

------------------------------------------------------------------------

EXHIBIT A


Vesting Schedule Based on Operational Metric



A. Definition of Terms:


“Additional Shares” means any shares of Common Stock to be issued to the 
Award Holder on the Vesting Date in the event that the Company’s 
Operational Performance Results exceed the Target Performance Level.


“Award Agreement” means the Performance-Based Restricted Stock Unit Award 
Agreement to which this Exhibit is a part, pursuant to which an award of 
performance-based RSUs has been granted.


“Disability” means that the Award Holder either: (A) is unable to engage in 
any substantial gainful activity by reason of any medically determinable 
physical or mental impairment that can be expected to result in death or 
can be expected to last for a continuous period of not less than twelve 
(12) months and, with respect to an Award Holder who is an Employee, is 
receiving income replacement benefits for a period of not less than three 
months under an accident and health plan (e.g., a long term disability 
plan) covering Employees of the Company or Affiliate that employs the Award 
Holder; or (B) has been determined to be totally disabled by the Social 
Security Administration or Railroad Retirement Board.


“Grant Date” is defined in the first paragraph of the Award Agreement.


“Operational Performance Results” means the Company’s Adjusted Return on 
Equity as defined in Section C below and certified by the Committee for the 
Performance Period.


“Performance Period” means the three-year period ending on the December 31 
immediately preceding the three-year anniversary of the Grant Date.


“Separation from Service” has the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 
409A.


“Target Shares” means fifty percent of the total number of shares of 
performance-based RSUs granted on the Grant Date, as specified in the first 
paragraph of the Award Agreement.


“Vesting Date” means the date that the Committee certifies the Operational 
Performance Results, except as otherwise provided in Section E below.


B. Determination of Vesting Date Events:


As soon as practicable following the end of the Performance Period, the 
Committee will determine the Company’s Operational Performance Results in 
accordance with the methodology described in the next section below. The 
Company’s Operational Performance Results will determine the number of 
Target Shares that will vest or be forfeited on the Vesting Date, and the 
number of Additional




------------------------------------------------------------------------

Shares, if any, that will be issued to the Award Holder on the Vesting 
Date, as described below under “Vesting Determination.”


C. Operational Performance Calculation Methodology:


The following table shows the Maximum, Target and Threshold Performance 
Levels for the Company’s Operational Performance Results:

  Level of Achievement for Performance Period

  Operational Performance Results

  Total RSUs to Vest (and/or Shares to be Granted) on Vesting Date as
  Percentage of Target Shares

  Maximum

  
 200
 %
  Target

  
 100
 %
  Threshold

  
 50
 %
  Below Threshold

  
 0
 %



At the conclusion of the Performance Period, the Committee will determine 
the Company’s Operational Performance Results in accordance with the 
formula and methods described below, including consideration of whether the 
Company’s Ratio of Debt to Total Capitalization at the end of the 
Performance Period exceeds 35%.


Formula for Calculating Operational Performance Results


For purposes of this Exhibit, the Operational Performance Results for the 
Company will be calculated as follows:


Adjusted Return on Equity shall be computed by dividing the sum of Adjusted 
Net Income for each of the three years in the Performance Period by the sum 
of the Adjusted Average Shareholders’ Equity for each of the three years.


Adjusted Net Income is defined as Net Income as reported in the Company’s 
financial statements for the respective year, adjusted to take into account 
the after-tax impacts of the following items, to the extent the Committee 
deems them not indicative of the Company’s core operating performance:


      (i)
adjust the amount of Actual CAT Losses and LAE to equal Expected CAT 
Losses;
      (ii)
adjust Net Realized Gains on Sales of Investments and Net Impairment Losses 
Recognized in Earnings to equal Expected Net Realized Gains on Sales of 
Investments and Expected Net Impairment Losses Recognized in Earnings;


As of 2-7-17-

------------------------------------------------------------------------

      (iii)
significant unusual judgments or settlements in connection with the 
Company’s legal contingencies or benefit plans; and
      (iv)
additional significant unusual or nonrecurring items as permitted by the 
Plan.


Adjusted Average Shareholders’ Equity is defined as the simple average of 
Total Shareholders’ Equity as reported in the Company’s financial 
statements for the beginning and end of year for each year in the 
Performance Period, adjusted to take into account the after-tax impacts of 
the following items, to the extent the Committee deems them not indicative 
of the Company’s core operating performance:
      (i)
Unrealized Gains and Losses on Fixed Maturity Securities from Adjusted 
Shareholders Equity;
      (ii)
the modifications made in calculating Adjusted Net Income; and
      (iii)
additional significant unusual or nonrecurring items as permitted by the 
Plan.
Actual CAT Losses and LAE means the actual Catastrophe Losses and 
associated Loss Adjustment Expenses, including catastrophe reserve 
development, as reported in the Management Reports.

Expected CAT Losses, Expected Net Realized Gains on Sales of Investments, 
and Expected Net Impairment Losses Recognized in Earnings means the amounts 
specified in the Management Reports as “Planned” or “Expected” for the 2016 
Annual Performance Period for, respectively, (A) Catastrophe Losses and 
associated Loss Adjustment Expenses, including catastrophe reserve 
development, (B) Net Realized Gains on Sales of Investments, and (C) Net 
Impairment Losses Recognized in Earnings.


Management Reports means the Hyperion reports, or their reporting 
equivalent, prepared by the Company for the relevant Plan Year or other 
time period.


Unrealized Gains and Losses on Fixed Maturity Securities means the 
Unrealized Gains and Losses on Fixed Maturity Securities as reported in the 
Management Reports.


D. Vesting Determination:


Except as otherwise provided in Section E, the RSUs held by the Award 
Holder will vest, to the extent earned for the Performance Period, on the 
Vesting Date only if the Award Holder has not had a Separation from Service 
prior to such date.


Once the Company’s Operational Performance Results are determined by the 
Committee, the Company will confirm the number of Target Shares that will 
vest or be forfeited on the Vesting Date, and the number of Additional 
Shares, if any, that will be issued to the Award Holder on the Vesting Date 
consistent with the following provisions:




As of 2-7-17-

------------------------------------------------------------------------

   •
If the Company’s Operational Performance Results are at or above the Target 
Performance Level, 100% of the Target Shares will vest on the Vesting Date. 
If the Company’s Operational Performance Results are above the Target 
Performance Level, Additional Shares will also be issued to the Award 
Holder on the Vesting Date. If the Company’s Operational Performance 
Results are less than the Target Performance Level, some or all of the 
Target Shares will be forfeited.
   •
The number of the Target Shares that will vest on the Vesting Date, and the 
number of any Additional Shares that will be issued to the Award Holder on 
the Vesting Date, will be determined in accordance with the table set forth 
in Section C above. Any Target Shares that do not vest in accordance with 
the table will be forfeited on the Vesting Date.
   E. Determination of Vesting in Case of Certain Terminations and Other
   Events:


Notwithstanding any contrary provisions of the Plan:


(1)    Retirement Eligible. (a) Except as otherwise provided in (1)(b) or 
another subsection of this Section E, if the Award Holder is Retirement 
Eligible, all RSUs held by the Award Holder will vest on the last day of 
the Performance Period, to the extent earned for the Performance Period, in 
an amount equal to the number of Target Shares that would vest in 
accordance with the provisions of Sections A – D above, if any, multiplied 
by a fraction, the numerator of which is the number of full months in the 
Performance Period during which the Award Holder was actively in Service, 
and the denominator of which is the total number of months in the 
Performance Period. A partial month worked shall be counted as a full month 
if the Award Holder was actively working for fifteen (15) days or more in 
that month. All RSUs that do not vest in accordance with this provision 
shall be forfeited.


(b) If, on or prior to the last day of the Performance Period, the Award 
Holder is Retirement Eligible and either (i) becomes an employee of a 
competitor of the Company or any of its Affiliates or otherwise engages in 
any activity that is competitive with the Company or any of its Affiliates, 
as determined by the Company in its sole discretion, or (ii) the Award 
Holder’s Service is terminated for Substantial Cause, then any of the RSUs 
that are restricted on the date of such employment, activity or termination 
shall be forfeited to the Company.


(2)    Termination on Death or Disability. The Vesting Date shall be the 
date of the Award Holder’s death or Disability if the Award Holder dies or 
becomes Disabled prior to the three-year anniversary of the Grant Date: (i) 
while in Service; or (ii) after terminating Service if the Award Holder (A) 
was Retirement Eligible on the date of such termination of Service for a 
reason other than Substantial Cause, and (B) had not, at any time prior to 
the date of the Award Holder’s death or Disability, become an employee of a 
competitor of the Company or any of its Affiliates or otherwise engaged in 
any activity that is competitive with the Company or any of its Affiliates, 
as determined by the Company in its sole discretion. On such Vesting Date: 
(a) the Performance Period shall be deemed to have been completed; (b) a 
number of RSUs shall vest in an amount equal to the number of Target Shares 
multiplied by a fraction, the numerator of which is the number of full 
months in the Performance Period during which the Award Holder was actively 
in Service, and the denominator of which is the total number of months in 
the original Performance Period (a




As of 2-7-17-

------------------------------------------------------------------------

partial month worked shall be counted as a full month if the Award Holder 
was actively in Service for fifteen (15) days or more in that month); (c) 
no Additional Shares shall be issued to the Award Holder; and (d) all RSUs 
that do not vest in accordance with this provision shall be forfeited.


(3)    Termination on Divestiture. In the event that, prior to the 
three-year anniversary of the Grant Date, the Award Holder is no longer 
employed by the Company or an Affiliate upon and as result of the 
divestiture by the Company of its controlling interest in the Award 
Holder’s Employer, or other cessation of the Company’s control of such 
Employer, the Performance Period and vesting determination set forth in 
Sections A – D above shall be deemed revised as follows, provided that the 
Award Holder does not otherwise continue in Service with the Company or 
another Affiliate:


   •
The Performance Period shall be deemed revised to end on the effective date 
of such divestiture or cessation of control (“Vesting Date”);
   •
The Company’s Operational Performance Results will be determined for such 
truncated Performance Period by the Committee in accordance with the 
methodology set forth above.
   •
The Target Shares will vest or be forfeited on the Vesting Date in 
accordance with the table set forth below, but no Additional Shares will be 
issued to the Award Holder; and
   •
If the Company’s Operational Performance Results for the truncated 
Performance Period fall between the percentile levels specified in the 
first column of the table set forth below, the number of Target Shares that 
will vest on the Vesting Date shall equal the number corresponding to the 
percentage interpolated on a straight-line basis from the percentages 
specified in the second column of the table.


           Company’s Operational Performance Results


       Total RSUs to Vest on Vesting Date as Percentage of Target Shares
                 Target
       100
       %
                 Threshold
       50
       %
                 Below Threshold
       0
       %

(4)    Other Termination of Service. If the Award Holder ceases to be in 
Service prior to the Vesting Date (including, without limitation, by reason 
of a divestiture or cessation of control of an Affiliate), and is not 
Retirement Eligible, under circumstances other than those set forth in the 
foregoing subsections (1) – (3) of this Section E, all unvested RSUs held 
by the Award Holder shall be forfeited to the Company on the date of such 
cessation of Service, and no Additional Shares shall be issued to the Award 
Holder.


(5)    Leave of Absence. In the event that the Award Holder is on an 
approved Leave of Absence (other than a short-term disability leave) at the 
end of the Performance Period or takes such a leave of absence at any time 
during the Performance Period, then the RSUs will vest, forfeit




As of 2-7-17-

------------------------------------------------------------------------

or be granted, as applicable, to the extent earned for the Performance 
Period, in an amount equal to the number of Target Shares that would vest 
and the number of Additional Shares that would be issued in accordance with 
the provisions of Sections A – D above, if any, multiplied by a fraction, 
the numerator of which is the number of full months in the Performance 
Period during which the Award Holder was an active Employee not on such 
leave of absence and the denominator of which is the total number of months 
in the Performance Period.


(6)    Change of Control.  This Award may be subject to termination or 
early vesting in connection with a Change in Control in accordance with the 
provisions of Section 18.3 of the Plan.


F. Interpretations Related to Calculations and Determinations Related to 
Performance:


(1)    Interpretations. The Company shall have the reasonable discretion to 
interpret or construe ambiguous, unclear or implied terms applicable to 
this Award Agreement, and to make any findings of fact necessary to make a 
calculation or determination hereunder.


(2)    Disagreements.  A decision made in good faith by the Company shall 
govern and be binding in the event of any dispute regarding a method of 
calculation of performance or a determination of vesting or forfeiture in 
connection with this Award.


(3)    Method of Calculating Final Number of Vested or Forfeited Target 
Shares.


The number of Target Shares that will vest or be forfeited on the Vesting 
Date pursuant to Section D above for performance that falls between the 
percentage points specified in the second column of the table in Section C 
above shall be interpolated on a straight-line basis.


(4)    Rounding Conventions.


            •
Regarding rounding of results, percentages shall be computed to one decimal 
point, i.e., XX.X%)
            •
Target Shares that will vest and any Additional Shares that will result 
from the application of the methods in the foregoing subsection F(3) and 
Section D above shall only be paid out in whole shares. Any fractional 
shares that would otherwise result from such application shall be rounded 
down to the nearest whole number of shares.


As of 2-7-17-

