 EX-10.5.4 2 d343088dex1054.htm FOURTH AMENDMENT TO EXPENSE SUPPORT AND 
RESTRICTED STOCK AGREEMENT
Exhibit 10.5.4

FOURTH AMENDMENT TO EXPENSE SUPPORT
AND RESTRICTED STOCK AGREEMENT

THIS FOURTH AMENDMENT TO EXPENSE SUPPORT AND RESTRICTED STOCK AGREEMENT 
(this “Fourth Amendment”), is effective as of January 1, 2017 (the “
Effective Date”), by and between CNL Healthcare Properties, Inc. (the “
Company”) and CNL Healthcare Corp. (the “Advisor”). The Company and the 
Advisor are each sometimes individually referred to as, a “Party” and 
collectively as, the “Parties.”


R E C I T A L S:

WHEREAS, the Parties entered into that certain Advisory Agreement dated as 
of June 8, 2011, as amended by a First Amendment to Advisory Agreement 
dated as of October 5, 2011, and as further amended by a Second Amendment 
to Advisory Agreement dated as of March 20, 2013 (collectively, the “
Advisory Agreement”); and

WHEREAS, the Parties entered into that certain Expense Support and 
Restricted Stock Agreement dated effective as of April 1, 2013, as amended 
by a First Amendment to Expense Support and Restricted Stock Agreement 
dated effective as of November 7, 2013, as further amended by that certain 
Second Amendment to Expense Support and Restricted Stock Agreement dated 
effective as of April 3, 2014, and as further amended by that certain Third 
Amendment to Expense Support and Restricted Stock Agreement dated effective 
as January 1, 2016 (collectively, the “Expense Support Agreement”); and

WHEREAS, pursuant to paragraph 13 of the Expense Support Agreement the 
Parties may amend the Expense Support Agreement by a writing executed by 
all of the Parties; and

WHEREAS, the Parties desire to amend the Expense Support Agreement on 
mutually agreed upon terms more particularly set forth herein.

NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing recitals, the mutual 
covenants and agreements contained herein, and for other good and valuable 
consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledge, 
the Parties, intending to be legally bound, do hereby agree as follows:

1. Recitals; Certain Definitions. The foregoing recitals are true and 
correct in all material respects, and are by this reference incorporated 
herein and made a part hereof. Capitalized terms used herein and not 
defined shall have the meaning set forth in the Expense Support Agreement.

2. Addition of defined term “Aggregate Stockholder Minimum Cash 
Distributions”. The following defined term is added to the Expense Support 
Agreement immediately preceding the defined term “Board”:

“Aggregate Stockholder Minimum Cash Distributions – shall mean the 
aggregate cash distributions paid to the stockholder in an applicable 
quarter, but only to the extent such distributions do not exceed, in the 
aggregate, an annualized four percent (4%) of the weighted average of the 
Board’s most recent determination of estimated net asset value per share.”
 
1

------------------------------------------------------------------------
3. Amendment to Section 1 of the Expense Support Agreement. The Parties 
hereby amend and restate Section 1 of the Expense Support Agreement in its 
entirety; and Section 1 as amended and restated shall henceforth read as 
follows:

“1) Expense Support. Beginning on the Effective Date and continuing until 
terminated as provided herein, the Advisor shall provide expense support to 
the Company through forgoing the payment of fees in cash and acceptance of 
restricted stock for services as provided herein, in an amount equal to the 
positive excess, if any, of (a) Aggregate Stockholder Minimum Cash 
Distributions declared for the applicable year, over (b) the Company’s 
aggregate MFFO, as defined below, for the same period (the “Expense Support 
Amount”). The Expense Support Amount shall be determined for each calendar 
year of the Company, on a cumulative year-to-date basis, with each such 
year-end date, a “Determination Date”. The Expense Support Amount will be 
credited by the Advisor to the Company in satisfaction of Asset Management 
Fees and other fees and expenses owed to the Advisor under the Advisory 
Agreement, at the Advisor’s discretion. For purposes of this Agreement 
only, MFFO have the same meaning as such term is defined and presented in 
the Company’s Form 10-Q and Form 10-K as filed pursuant to the Securities 
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and adjusted to exclude all development 
asset operating losses, interest expense and any other expenses, to the 
extent by which such losses exceed revenues, until the first full calendar 
quarter that is eighteen (18) months following the time when such 
development asset in its entirety is placed in service.”

4. Terms. All other terms and conditions as contained in the Expense 
Support Agreement shall remain unchanged and will continue to bind the 
Parties with respect to the transaction as contemplated therein.

[Signature Page Follows.]
 
2

------------------------------------------------------------------------
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties have caused this Fourth Amendment to be 
signed by their respective officers thereunto duly authorized, as of the 
day and year first above written.
 
CNL HEALTHCARE PROPERTIES, INC.
By: 	  	
 
Name: 	  	Stephen H. Mauldin
Title: 	  	Chief Executive Officer
CNL HEALTHCARE CORP.
By: 	  	
 
Name: 	  	Tracey Bracco
Title: 	  	Vice President
 
3