 EX-10.40 6 ex10-40.htm
 
ESCROW AGREEMENT
 
THIS ESCROW AGREEMENT (the “Agreement”) is entered into as of May __, 2017, 
by and between Boxlight Corporation (“Boxlight”), Aegis Capital Corp. (“
Aegis”) and Suntrust Bank, a Georgia national bank (the “Escrow Agent”).
 
RECITALS:
 
WHEREAS, , pursuant to a registration statement on Form S-1 (File No. 
333-204811) that has been declared effective by the Securities and Exchange 
Commission (“SEC”) on January 30, 2017 (the “Registration Statement”), as 
supplemented by a Post-Effective amendment to such Registration Statement 
declared effective by the SEC on ________ 2017 (the “Post-Effective 
Amendment”), Boxlight is conducting an initial public offering (the “
Public Offering”) of shares of Class A common stock, par value $0.0001 par 
value per share, of Boxlight (the “Class A Common Stock”) consisting of 
814,286 shares of Class A Common Stock at an initial per share offering 
price of $7.00 per share (the “Offering Shares”);
 
WHEREAS, as set forth in the Prospectus, the Offering Shares are being 
offered by Boxlight for a period that will terminate on a date (the “
Termination Date”) which shall be the first to occur of (i) when all 
814,286 Offering Shares have been fully subscribed for, (ii) September __, 
2017 (120 days from the date of the Prospectus), or (iii) earlier than 
September __, 2017, if Boxlight decides to terminate the offering of the 
Offering Shares prior to September __, 2017 (120 days from the date of the 
Prospectus); and
 
WHEREAS, in order for Boxlight to complete the Offering, it must (a) sell 
for the account of Boxlight a minimum of 342,857 shares of Class A Common 
Stock (the “Minimum Offering Amount”), (b) receive gross cash proceeds of 
not less than $2,400,000 (the “Minimum Offering Proceeds”), and (c) satisfy 
the initial listing requirements to trade its Class A Common Stock on the 
Nasdaq Capital Market of The Nasdaq Stock Exchange (“Nasdaq”) and receive a 
listing approval letter from Nasdaq (the “Closing Conditions”); and
 
WHEREAS, pending receipt of the Minimum Offering Proceeds and satisfaction 
of the Nasdaq listing requirements, all funds received from subscribers to 
shares of the Class A Common Stock will be held in a special escrow account 
with the Escrow Agent pursuant to this Agreement;
 
WHEREAS, the Escrow Agent is willing to serve as escrow agent pursuant to 
the terms and conditions of this Agreement.
 
NOW THEREFORE, the parties agree as follows:
 
ARTICLE I
DELIVERIES TO THE ESCROW AGENT
 
1.1. Subscriber Deliveries. Pursuant to the terms of a subscription 
agreement in the form of Exhibit A annexed hereto (the “Subscription 
Agreement”) between Boxlight and each subscriber for shares of Class A 
Common Stock (the “Subscriber”), Boxlight shall instruct each Subscriber to 
deliver to the Escrow Agent the full Purchase Price for the number of 
shares of Class A Common Stock of Boxlight being purchased by such 
Subscriber (the aggregate of such Purchase Prices for all Subscribers for 
shares of Class A Common Stock being referred to as the “Escrowed Funds”) 
by check, made payable in U.S. funds to the order of “Suntrust Bank, as 
Escrow Agent for Boxlight Corporation,” or by wire transfer (in U.S. 
dollars) of immediately available funds pursuant to the wire transfer 
instructions provided below to the address provided below.
     
  	  	 

 
     
    Escrow Agent – Wire Transfer Instructions:
     
Bank Name: 	Suntrust Bank
Address: 	Atlanta, Georgia
Account Name: 	Boxlight Corporation
ABA Routing Number: 	061000104
Escrow Account Number: 	 
Swift Code: 	SNTRUS3A
Reference: 	[insert Subscriber’s name]
Contact: 	Sheri Lofgren
Client: 	Boxlight Corporation
     
    Escrow Agent – Mailing Address and Telephone Number:
     
                Suntrust Bank
                P.O. Box 4418
                Mail Code 633
            Atlanta, GA 30302
 
1.2. Intention to Create Escrow over Escrowed Funds. The Corporation 
intends that the Escrowed Funds shall be held in escrow by the Escrow Agent 
pursuant to this Agreement for the benefit of Boxlight and the Subscribers.
 
1.3. Escrow Agent to Deliver Escrowed Funds. The Escrow Agent shall hold 
and release the Escrowed Funds only in accordance with the terms and 
conditions of this Agreement.
 
1.4. No Duty to Enforce Collection. The Escrow Agent shall have no duty or 
responsibility to enforce the collection or demand payment of any funds 
deposited into the escrow account. If, for any reason, any check deposited 
into the escrow account shall be returned unpaid to the Escrow Agent, the 
sole duty of the Escrow Agent shall be to return the check to the 
Subscriber and advise Boxlight promptly thereof.
 
ARTICLE II
RELEASE OF TRANSACTION DOCUMENTS AND ESCROWED FUNDS
 
2.1. Release of Escrow. Subject to the provisions of Sections 2.1(c) and 
3.2, the Escrow Agent shall release the Escrowed Funds as follows:
 
(a) Release of Escrowed Funds upon Satisfaction of the Closing Conditions. 
At such time as Loeb & Loeb LLP, legal counsel to Boxlight, and Gusrae 
Kaplan & Nusbaum, LLP, legal counsel to Aegis, shall deliver to the Escrow 
Agent joint written instructions (“Instructions”) executed by a duly 
authorized partners of such law firms to the effect that (i) all of the 
Closing Conditions to release of the Escrow Funds have been met, (ii) all 
Escrow Funds shall be delivered by wire transfer to the general operating 
bank account of Boxlight and to the account of Aegis Capital Corp., and 
(iii) the amount of such Escrow Funds to be wired or transferred to 
Boxlight and to Aegis Capital Corp., respectively, the Escrow Agent shall, 
at the time and place and by the method specified in the Instructions, 
deliver the Escrowed Funds in accordance with such Instructions.
 
  	  	 

 
 
(b) Return of Escrowed Funds on Termination of Offering. In the event that 
by the Termination Date, the Closing Conditions have not been met, upon 
receipt of written notice executed by a duly authorized executive officer 
of Boxlight indicating that the Offering has been terminated and that the 
Closing Conditions have not been met, the Escrow Agent shall return to each 
Subscriber, the Purchase Price (without interest or deduction). The 
Corporation shall provide the Escrow Agent with time, place and method of 
delivery for each Subscriber whose purchase price the Escrow Agent is to 
deliver pursuant to this Section 2.1(b).
 
(c) Delivery Pursuant to Court Order. Notwithstanding any provision 
contained herein, upon receipt by the Escrow Agent of a final and 
non-appealable judgment, order, decree or award of a court of competent 
jurisdiction (a “Court Order”), the Escrow Agent shall deliver the Escrowed 
Funds in accordance with the Court Order. Any Court Order shall be 
accompanied by an opinion of counsel for the party presenting the Court 
Order to the Escrow Agent (which opinion shall be satisfactory to the 
Escrow Agent) to the effect that the court issuing the Court Order has 
competent jurisdiction and that the Court Order is final and 
non-appealable.
 
2.2. Acknowledgement of the General Partner, Boxlight and the Subscribers. 
The General Partner, Boxlight and the Subscribers acknowledge that the only 
terms and conditions upon which the Transaction Documents and Escrowed 
Funds are to be released are set forth in Sections 2.1, 3.1(c) and 3.2 of 
this Agreement. Any dispute with respect to the release of the Transaction 
Documents or Escrowed Funds shall be resolved pursuant to Section 3.2 or by 
agreement between Boxlight and the Escrow Agent.
 
ARTICLE III
CONCERNING THE ESCROW AGENT
 
3.1. Duties and Responsibilities of the Escrow Agent. The Escrow Agent’s 
duties and responsibilities shall be subject to the following terms and 
conditions:
 
(a) The Corporation acknowledges and agrees that the Escrow Agent (i) shall 
not be responsible for or bound by, and shall not be required to inquire 
into whether Boxlight is entitled to receipt of the Escrowed Funds pursuant 
to any other agreement or otherwise; (ii) shall be obligated only for the 
performance of such duties as are specifically assumed by the Escrow Agent 
pursuant to this Agreement; (iii) may rely on and shall be protected in 
acting or refraining from acting upon any written notice, instruction, 
instrument, statement, request or document furnished to it hereunder and 
believed by the Escrow Agent in good faith to be genuine and to have been 
signed or presented by the proper person or party, without being required 
to determine the authenticity or correctness of any fact stated therein or 
the propriety or validity or the service thereof; (iv) may assume that any 
person believed by the Escrow Agent in good faith to be authorized to give 
notice or make any statement or execute any document in connection with the 
provisions hereof is so authorized; (v) shall not be under any duty to give 
the property held by the Escrow Agent hereunder any greater degree of care 
than the Escrow Agent gives its own similar property, but in no event less 
than a reasonable amount of care; and (vi) may consult counsel satisfactory 
to the Escrow Agent, the opinion of such counsel to be full and complete 
authorization and protection in respect of any action taken, suffered or 
omitted by the Escrow Agent hereunder in good faith and in accordance with 
the opinion of such counsel.
 
  	  	 

 
 
(b) The Corporation acknowledges that the Escrow Agent shall not be liable 
for any action taken by the Escrow Agent in good faith and believed by the 
Escrow Agent to be authorized or within the rights or powers conferred upon 
the Escrow Agent by this Agreement. The Corporation agrees to indemnify and 
hold harmless the Escrow Agent and any of the Escrow Agent’s officers, 
directors, employees, agents and representatives for any action taken or 
omitted to be taken by the Escrow Agent or any of them hereunder, including 
the fees of outside counsel and other costs and expenses of defending 
itself against any claim or liability under this Agreement, except in the 
case of gross negligence, willful misconduct or material breach of this 
Agreement on the Escrow Agent’s part committed in its capacity as the 
Escrow Agent on behalf of Boxlight and the Subscribers under this Agreement 
and to no other person.
 
(c) The Escrow Agent may at any time resign as the Escrow Agent hereunder 
by giving five days prior written notice of resignation to Boxlight. Prior 
to the effective date of the resignation as specified in such notice, 
Boxlight will issue to the Escrow Agent an Instruction authorizing delivery 
of the Escrowed Funds to a substitute escrow agent selected by Boxlight. If 
no successor escrow agent is named by Boxlight, the Escrow Agent may apply 
to a court of competent jurisdiction in the State of Georgia for 
appointment of a successor escrow agent, and to deposit the Transaction 
Documents and Escrowed Funds with the clerk of any such court.
 
(d) The Escrow Agent does not have and will not have any interest in the 
Escrowed Funds, but is serving only as escrow agent, having only possession 
thereof.
 
(e) This Agreement sets forth exclusively the duties of the Escrow Agent 
with respect to any and all matters pertinent thereto, and no implied 
duties or obligations shall be read into this Agreement.
 
(f) The provisions of this Section 3.1 shall survive the resignation of the 
Escrow Agent or the termination of this Agreement.
 
3.2. Dispute Resolution; Judgments. Resolution of disputes arising under 
this Agreement shall be subject to the following terms and conditions:
 
(a) If any dispute shall arise with respect to the delivery, ownership, 
right of possession or disposition of the Escrowed Funds, or if the Escrow 
Agent shall in good faith be uncertain as to its duties or rights 
hereunder, the Escrow Agent shall be authorized, without liability to 
anyone, to (i) refrain from taking any action other than to continue to 
hold the Escrowed Funds pending receipt of an Instruction from Boxlight, or 
(ii) deposit the Escrowed Funds with any court of competent jurisdiction in 
the State of Georgia, in which event the Escrow Agent shall give written 
notice thereof to Boxlight and shall thereupon be relieved and discharged 
from all further obligations pursuant to this Agreement. The Escrow Agent 
may, but shall be under no duty to, institute or defend any legal 
proceedings which relate to the Escrowed Funds. The Escrow Agent shall have 
the right to retain counsel if it becomes involved in any disagreement, 
dispute or litigation on account of this Agreement or otherwise determines 
that it is necessary to consult counsel.
 
  	  	 

 
 
(b) The Escrow Agent is hereby expressly authorized to comply with and obey 
any Court Order. In case the Escrow Agent obeys or complies with a Court 
Order, the Escrow Agent shall not be liable to the Subscribers, Boxlight or 
to any other person, firm, corporation or entity by reason of such 
compliance.
 
3.3. Fees and Expenses of Escrow Agent. The Escrow Agent shall receive a 
fee of $________, payable by Boxlight, for serving as Escrow Agent under 
this Agreement. The Corporation shall also reimburse the Escrow Agent for 
all of its out-of-pocket fees, costs and expenses, including reasonable 
attorneys’ fees, telephone and facsimile transmission costs, postage 
(including express mail and overnight delivery charges), copying charges 
and the like, incurred or that become due in connection with this Agreement 
or the escrow account. Neither the modification, cancellation, termination 
or rescission of this Agreement nor the resignation or termination of the 
Escrow Agent shall affect the right of the Escrow Agent to retain the 
amount of any fees or reimbursement of expenses which has been paid, prior 
to the effective date of any such modification, cancellation, termination, 
resignation or rescission. To the extent the Escrow Agent has incurred any 
such expenses, or any such fee becomes due, the Escrow Agent shall advise 
Boxlight and Boxlight shall direct all such amounts to be paid directly to 
the Escrow Agent.
 
ARTICLE IV
INTERPRETATION
 
4.1. Entire Agreement. This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement 
among the parties hereto pertaining to the subject matter contained herein 
and supersede all prior agreements, understandings, negotiations and 
discussions, whether oral or written, of the parties. There are no 
warranties, representations or other agreements made by the parties in 
connection with the subject matter hereof except as specifically set forth 
in this Agreement.
 
4.3. Extended Meanings. In this Agreement words importing the singular 
number include the plural and vice versa; words importing the masculine 
gender include the feminine and neuter genders. The word “person” includes 
an individual, body corporate, partnership, or other entity in whatever 
form, a trustee or trust or unincorporated association, an executor, 
administrator or legal representative.
 
4.4. Waivers and Amendments. This Agreement may be amended, modified, 
superseded, cancelled, renewed or extended, and the terms and conditions 
hereof may be waived, only by a written instrument signed by all parties, 
or, in the case of a waiver, by the party waiving compliance. Except as 
expressly stated herein, no delay on the part of any party in exercising 
any right, power or privilege hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof, 
nor shall any waiver on the part of any party of any right, power or 
privilege hereunder preclude any other or future exercise of any other 
right, power or privilege hereunder.
 
  	  	 

 
 
4.5. Headings. The division of this Agreement into articles, sections, 
subsections and paragraphs and the insertion of headings are for 
convenience of reference only and shall not affect the construction or 
interpretation of this Agreement.
 
4.6. Governing Law. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in 
accordance with the laws of the State of Georgia without regard to 
principles of conflicts of laws. Any action brought by either party against 
the other concerning the transactions contemplated by this Agreement may be 
brought in the state courts of Georgia or in the federal courts located in 
the state of Georgia. The parties and the individuals executing this 
Agreement and other agreements referred to herein or delivered in 
connection herewith agree to submit to the jurisdiction of such courts. The 
prevailing party shall be entitled to recover from the other party its 
reasonable attorney’s fees and costs. In the event that any provision of 
this Agreement or any other agreement delivered in connection herewith is 
invalid or unenforceable under any applicable statute or rule of law, then 
such provision shall be deemed inoperative to the extent that it may 
conflict therewith and shall be deemed modified to conform with such 
statute or rule of law. Any such provision which may prove invalid or 
unenforceable under any law shall not affect the validity or enforceability 
of any other provision of any agreement.
 
4.7. Specific Enforcement; Consent to Jurisdiction. Each of the parties to 
this Agreement acknowledge and agree that irreparable damage would occur in 
the event that any of the provisions of this Agreement were not performed 
in accordance with their specific terms or were otherwise breached. It is 
accordingly agreed that the parties shall be entitled to an injunction or 
injunctions to prevent or cure breaches of the provisions of this Agreement 
and to enforce specifically the terms and provisions hereof or thereof, 
this being in addition to any other remedy to which any of them may be 
entitled by law or equity. Nothing in this Section shall affect or limit 
any right to serve process in any other manner permitted by law. By its 
execution and delivery of this Agreement, each party to this Agreement 
consents to the jurisdiction of the federal and state courts located in the 
State of Georgia.
 
ARTICLE V
GENERAL MATTERS
 
5.1. Termination. This escrow shall terminate upon the disbursement in 
accordance with the provisions herein of the Escrowed Funds in full or at 
any time upon the agreement in writing of Boxlight and the Escrow Agent.
 
  	  	 

 
 
5.2. Notices. All notices, demands, requests, consents, approvals, and 
other communications required or permitted hereunder shall be in writing 
and, unless otherwise specified herein, shall be (i) personally served, 
(ii) deposited in the mail, registered or certified, return receipt 
requested, postage prepaid, (iii) delivered by reputable air courier 
service with charges prepaid, or (iv) transmitted by hand delivery, e-mail, 
telegram or facsimile, addressed as set forth below or to such other 
address as such party shall have specified most recently by written notice. 
Any notice or other communication required or permitted to be given 
hereunder shall be deemed effective (a) upon hand delivery or delivery by 
facsimile, with accurate confirmation generated by the transmitting 
facsimile machine, at the address or number designated below (if delivered 
on a business day during normal business hours where such notice is to be 
received), or the first business day following such delivery (if delivered 
other than on a business day during normal business hours where such notice 
is to be received) or (b) on the second business day following the date of 
mailing by express courier service, fully prepaid, addressed to such 
address, or upon actual receipt of such mailing, whichever shall first 
occur. The addresses for such communications shall be:
         
  	● 	
as to Boxlight,
         
        Boxlight Corporation
        1045 Progress Circle
        Lawrenceville, Georgia 30043
        Attn: Sheri Lofgren, Chief Financial Officer
         
  	● 	as to the Escrow Agent, as set forth in Section 1.1 above; and
         
or to such other address as any of them shall give to the others by notice 
made pursuant to this Section 5.2.
 
5.3. Interest. The Escrowed Funds shall not be held in an interest bearing 
account nor will interest be payable in connection therewith.
 
5.4. Assignment; Binding Agreement. Neither this Agreement nor any right or 
obligation hereunder shall be assignable by any party without the prior 
written consent of the other parties hereto. This Agreement shall inure to 
the benefit of and be binding upon the parties hereto and their respective 
legal representatives, successors and assigns.
 
5.5. Counterparts/Execution. This Agreement may be executed in any number 
of counterparts and by different signatories hereto on separate 
counterparts, each of which, when so executed, shall be deemed an original, 
but all such counterparts shall constitute but one and the same instrument. 
This Agreement may be executed by facsimile transmission and delivered by 
facsimile transmission.
 
[Signature Page Follows]
 
  	  	 

 
 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have duly executed this Escrow 
Agreement as of the date first above written.
 
  	BOXLIGHT CORPORATION.
  	  	 
  	By: 	 
  	Name: 	Sheri Lofgren
  	Title: 	Chief Financial Officer
  	  	 
  	 AEGIC CAPITAL CORP
  	 
  	 By: 	 
  	 Name: 	 David Bocchi
  	 Title: 	 Managing Director, Investment Banking
  	  	 
  	ESCROW AGENT:
  	  	 
  	SUNTRUST BANK
  	  	 
  	By: 	 
  	Name: 	 
  	Title: 	 
 
  	  	 

 