 EX-10.17 3 exhibit1017-2011omnibusequ.htm 2011 OMNIBUS EQUITY PLAN AMENDED 
AND RESTATED AS OF FEBRUARY 8, 2017



Exhibit 10.17











KEMPER CORPORATION 
 
2011 Omnibus Equity Plan 

Amended and Restated as of February 8, 2017








------------------------------------------------------------------------
 TABLE OF CONTENTS



 
 
Page
 
Article 1
 
Establishment, Purpose, and Duration
1

1.1
 
Establishment
1

1.2
 
Purpose of the Plan
1

1.3
 
Duration of the Plan
1

Article 2
 
Definitions
1

2.1
 
“Affiliate”
1

2.2
 
“Annual Award Limit” or “Annual Award Limits”
1

2.3
 
“Award”
1

2.4
 
“Award Agreement”
2

2.5
 
“Beneficial Owner” or “Beneficial Ownership”
2

2.6
 
“Board” or “Board of Directors”
2

2.7
 
“Code”
2

2.8
 
“Committee”
2

2.9
 
“Company”
2

2.10
 
“Constructive or Actual Delivery”
2

2.11
 
“Covered Employee”
2

2.12
 
“Director”
2

2.13
 
“Disability or Disabled”
2

2.14
 
“Effective Date”
2

2.15
 
“Eligible Director”
3

2.16
 
“Employee”
3

2.17
 
“Employment
3

2.18
 
“Exchange Act”
3

2.19
 
“Exercise Price”
3

2.20
 
“Fair Market Value” or “FMV”
3

2.21
 
“Full Value Award”
3

2.22
 
“Insider”
3

2.23
 
“Incentive Stock Option” or “ISO”
3

2.24
 
“Leave of Absence”
3

2.25
 
“Non-Qualified Option”
3

2.26
 
“Option”
3

2.27
 
“Other Stock-Based Award”
4

2.28
 
“Participant”
4

2.29
 
“Performance-Based Compensation”
4

2.30
 
“Performance Measures”
4

2.31
 
“Performance Period”
4

2.32
 
“Performance Share”
4

2.33
 
“Performance Unit”
4


- i-


------------------------------------------------------------------------
 TABLE OF CONTENTS


 (continued)


 Page




2.34
 
“Period of Restriction”
4

2.35
 
“Plan”
4

2.36
 
“Plan Year”
4

2.37
 
“Prior Plans”
4

2.38
 
“Representative”
4

2.39
 
“Restricted Stock”
5

2.40
 
“Restricted Stock Unit”
5

2.41
 
“Retirement” or “Retires”
5

2.42
 
“Section 162(m)”
5

2.43
 
“Section 409A”
5

2.44
 
“Share”
5

2.45
 
“Stock Appreciation Right” or “SAR”
5

2.46
 
“Substantial Cause”
5

2.47
 
“Third Party Service Provider”
6

Article 3
 
Administration
6

3.1
 
General
6

3.2
 
Authority of the Committee
6

3.3
 
Delegation
6

Article 4
 
Shares Subject to the Plan and Maximum Awards
7

4.1
 
Number of Shares Available for Awards
7

4.2
 
Share Counting
7

4.3
 
Annual Award Limits
8

4.4
 
Adjustments in Authorized Shares
8

Article 5
 
Eligibility
9

Article 6
 
Restricted Stock and Restricted Stock Units
9

6.1
 
Restricted Stock or Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement
9

6.2
 
Other Restrictions
9

6.3
 
Certificate Retention or Legend
10

6.4
 
Voting Rights
10

6.5
 
Dividends and Dividend Equivalents
10

6.6
 
Section 83(b) Election
10

Article 7
 
Stock Appreciation Rights
11

7.1
 
Grant of Stock Appreciation Rights
11

7.2
 
SAR Award Agreement
11

Article 8
 
Stock Options
11

8.1
 
Grant of Stock Options
11

8.2
 
Stock Option and SAR Award Agreements
12

8.3
 
Exercise of Options and SARs
12

Article 9
 
Performance Shares and Performance Units
13

9.1
 
Grant of Performance Shares and Performance Units and Award Agreement
13


- ii-


------------------------------------------------------------------------
 TABLE OF CONTENTS


 (continued)


 Page




9.2
 
Value of Performance Shares and Performance Units
13

9.3
 
Earning of Performance Shares and Performance Units
13

9.4
 
Form and Timing of Payment of Performance Shares and Performance Units
14

9.5
 
No Dividends Payable
14

Article 10
 
Other Stock-Based Awards
14

Article 11
 
Awards to Eligible Directors
14

11.1
 
Annual Award Grants
14

11.2
 
Other Forms of Awards to Eligible Directors
14

Article 12
 
Forfeiture and Termination of Employment or Service as a Director or 
Consultant
15

12.1
 
Terms Provided in Award Agreements
15

12.2
 
Termination of Services as an Employee
15

12.3
 
Termination of Services as a Director
17

12.4
 
Termination of Services as Third Party Service Provider
18

12.5
 
Forfeiture Provisions and Clawbacks
18

12.6
 
Leaves of Absence
18

Article 13
 
Transferability of Awards
18

13.1
 
Transferability
18

13.2
 
Domestic Relations Orders
18

Article 14
 
Performance Measures
19

14.1
 
Performance Measures
19

14.2
 
Evaluation of Performance
20

14.3
 
Adjustment of Performance-Based Compensation
20

14.4
 
Committee Discretion
20

Article 15
 
Arbitration
21

Article 16
 
Compliance with Section 409A
21

16.1
 
409A Compliance
21

16.2
 
Deferrals
21

Article 17
 
Rights of Participants
22

17.1
 
Employment; Services
22

17.2
 
Participation
22

17.3
 
Form of Stock; Rights as a Shareholder
22

Article 18
 
Change in Control
22

18.1
 
Definition of Change in Control
22

18.2
 
Other Definitions
23

18.3
 
Occurrence of a Change in Control
24

Article 19
 
Amendment, Modification, Suspension, and Termination
25

19.1
 
Amendment, Modification, Suspension, and Termination
25

19.2
 
Adjustment of Awards Upon the Occurrence of Certain Unusual or Nonrecurring 
Events
25


- iii-


------------------------------------------------------------------------
 TABLE OF CONTENTS


 (continued)


 Page




19.3
 
Awards Previously Granted
26

Article 20
 
Withholding
26

20.1
 
Tax Withholding
26

20.2
 
Share Withholding
26

20.3
 
Option or SAR Withholding
26

Article 21
 
Successors
27

Article 22
 
General Provisions
27

22.1
 
Gender and Number
27

22.2
 
Severability
27

22.3
 
Requirements of Law
27

22.4
 
Delivery of Title
27

22.5
 
Inability to Obtain Authority
27

22.6
 
Investment Representations
28

22.7
 
Unfunded Plan
28

22.8
 
No Fractional Shares
28

22.9
 
Non-Exclusivity of the Plan
28

22.10
 
No Constraint on Corporate Action
28

22.11
 
Non-Uniform Treatment
28

22.12
 
Governing Law
29





- iv-


------------------------------------------------------------------------

Kemper Corporation
2011 Omnibus Equity Plan 


Article 1Establishment, Purpose, and Duration


1.1    Establishment. Kemper Corporation, a Delaware corporation (the 
“Company”), established the 2011 Omnibus Equity Plan (the “Plan”), 
effective May 4, 2011 (the “Effective Date”). The Plan permits the grant of 
Awards to eligible Participants, as defined below.


1.2    Purpose of the Plan. The purpose of the Plan is to provide a means 
whereby employees and directors of the Company and its Affiliates and key 
advisors develop a sense of proprietorship and personal involvement in the 
development and financial success of the Company, and to encourage them to 
devote their best efforts to the business of the Company, thereby advancing 
the interests of the Company and its shareholders. A further purpose of the 
Plan is to provide a means through which the Company may attract able 
individuals to become employees and to provide a means whereby those 
individuals on whom the responsibilities for the successful administration 
and management of the Company depend can acquire and maintain ownership of 
the Company’s common stock, thereby strengthening their concern for the 
welfare of the Company.


1.3    Duration of the Plan. Unless sooner terminated as provided herein, 
the Plan shall terminate ten (10) years from the Effective Date. After the 
Plan is terminated, no Awards may be granted, but Awards previously granted 
shall remain outstanding in accordance with the applicable terms and 
conditions of the Plan and the respective Award Agreements.


Article 2    Definitions


Whenever used in the Plan, the following terms shall have the meanings set 
forth below, and when the meaning is intended, the initial letter of the 
word shall be capitalized.


2.1    “Affiliate” means any person or entity controlled directly or 
indirectly by the Company, whether by equity ownership, contract or 
otherwise and shall include direct or indirect subsidiaries of the Company 
and mutual companies the management of which is controlled by the Company 
and its subsidiaries.


2.2    “Annual Award Limit” or “Annual Award Limits” have the meaning set 
forth in Section 4.3.


2.3    “Award” means, individually or collectively, a grant under the Plan 
of Restricted Stock, Restricted Stock Units, Stock Appreciation Rights, 
Options, Performance Shares, Performance Units or Other Stock-Based Awards, 
in each case subject to the terms of the Plan.



1


------------------------------------------------------------------------

2.4    “Award Agreement” means either one of the following, in such form as 
the Committee shall from time to time approve: (i) an agreement entered 
into by the Company and a Participant setting forth the terms and 
provisions applicable to an Award, or (ii) a written or electronic 
statement issued by the Company to a Participant describing the terms and 
provisions of an Award. The Committee may provide for the use of non-paper 
Award Agreement(s) and acceptance and other actions related thereto that 
involve the use of electronic, internet, intranet or other non-paper means.


2.5    “Beneficial Owner” or “Beneficial Ownership” shall have the meaning 
ascribed to such term in Rule 13d-3 of the General Rules and Regulations 
under the Exchange Act.


2.6    “Board” or “Board of Directors” means the board of directors of the 
Company.


2.7    “Code” means the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended from 
time to time, or any successor statute.


2.8    “Committee” means the Compensation Committee of the Board or any 
subcommittee thereof, or any other committee designated by the Board to 
administer the Plan.


2.9    “Company” has the meaning set forth in Section 1.1.


2.10    “Constructive or Actual Delivery” means either of the following: 
(a) presentation to the Company of a recent brokerage account statement or 
other written evidence satisfactory to the Committee evidencing beneficial 
ownership by the Participant of Shares other than Shares held in 401(k), 
pension, individual retirement or similar accounts; or (b) physical 
delivery of certificates evidencing Shares, properly indorsed for transfer 
to the Company or with an appropriately executed stock power.


2.11    “Covered Employee” means any Employee who is or may become a 
“Covered Employee,” as defined in Section 162(m).


2.12    “Director” means a member of the Board of Directors.


2.13    “Disability or Disabled” when used with respect to a particular 
Participant, means a physical or mental condition that: (i) is of a type 
that would generally trigger benefits under the Company’s or an applicable 
Affiliate’s long-term disability plan (as in effect from time to time), 
whether or not such Participant is actually enrolled in such plan; or (ii) 
in the absence of any such plan, would cause such Participant to be unable 
to substantially perform his or her duties as an Employee, as determined in 
the sole discretion of the Committee. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if an 
Award of Restricted Stock Units becomes subject to the requirements of 
Article 15, the term “disabled” shall be defined as required under Section 
409A.


2.14    “Effective Date” has the meaning set forth in Section 1.1.



2



------------------------------------------------------------------------

2.15    “Eligible Director” means a Director who is not also an Employee 
(including any Director who has retired as an Employee).


2.16    “Employee” means any employee of the Company or any of its 
Affiliates.


2.17    “Employment” and related terms means the provision of services to 
the Company or its Affiliates as an Employee.


2.18    “Exchange Act” means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as 
amended from time to time, or any successor act thereto.


2.19    “Exercise Price” means the price at which the Shares underlying an 
Option or SAR may be purchased upon exercise of thereof.


2.20    “Fair Market Value” or “FMV” as used to refer to the price of a 
Share on a particular day, means the closing price for a Share for that day 
as subsequently reported by the New York Stock Exchange (or such other 
exchange on which the Shares are primarily traded), or if no prices are 
reported for that day, the last preceding day on which such prices are 
reported (or, if for any reason no such price is available, in such other 
manner as the Committee in its sole discretion may deem appropriate to 
determine the fair market value of a Share).


2.21    “Full Value Award” means an Award that is not an Option or SAR and 
that consists of or is settled by the issuance of Shares.


2.22    “Insider” means an individual who is, on the relevant date, a 
Director, an executive officer of the Company, as determined by the Board 
for purposes of Section 16 of the Exchange Act, or a more than ten percent 
(10%) Beneficial Owner of any class of the Company’s equity securities that 
is registered pursuant to Section 12 of the Exchange Act.


2.23    “Incentive Stock Option” or “ISO” means an Option that satisfies 
the requirements of Code Section 422(b) and any regulations promulgated 
thereunder from time to time, or any successor provisions thereto.


2.24    “Leave of Absence” means an approved leave of absence from a 
Participant’s Employment (other than short-term disability) determined in 
accordance with the applicable policies of the Participant’s employer.


2.25    “Non-Qualified Option” means an Option that does not satisfy the 
requirements for an ISO.


2.26    “Option” means an option to purchase a designated number of Shares 
granted to a Participant pursuant to Article 8.



3



------------------------------------------------------------------------

2.27    “Other Stock-Based Award” means an equity-based or equity-related 
Award of a type other than those described in Articles 6 – 9 of the Plan, 
and which is granted pursuant to Article 10.


2.28    “Participant” means any eligible individual as set forth in Article 
5 to whom an Award is granted.


2.29    “Performance-Based Compensation” means compensation under an Award 
that satisfies the requirements of Section 162(m) and the applicable 
regulations thereunder for certain performance-based compensation, if any, 
paid to Covered Employees.


2.30    “Performance Measures” means measures described in Article 14 on 
which performance goals are based and which are approved by the Company’s 
shareholders pursuant to the Plan in order to qualify Awards as 
Performance-Based Compensation.


2.31    “Performance Period” means the period of time during which 
performance goals must be met in order to determine the degree of payout 
and/or vesting with respect to an Award.


2.32    “Performance Share” means an Award granted to a Participant 
pursuant to Article 9, denominated in Shares, the value of which at the 
time it is payable is determined based on actual results of the 
corresponding performance criteria.


2.33    “Performance Unit” means an Award granted to a Participant pursuant 
to Article 9, denominated in units, the value of which at the time it is 
payable is determined based on actual results of the corresponding 
performance criteria.


2.34    “Period of Restriction” means the period when Restricted Stock or 
Restricted Stock Units (or other types of Awards as may be applicable) are 
subject to a substantial risk of forfeiture (based on the passage of time, 
the achievement of performance goals, or on the occurrence of other events 
as determined by the Committee, in its discretion), as provided in the Plan 
and/or the applicable Award Agreement.


2.35    “Plan” means the 2011 Omnibus Incentive Plan.


2.36    “Plan Year” means the calendar year.


2.37    “Prior Plans” means the Company’s 1995 Non-Employee Director Stock 
Option Plan, 1997 Stock Option Plan, 2002 Stock Option Plan and 2005 
Restricted Stock and Restricted Stock Unit Plan, as amended through the 
Effective Date.


2.38    “Representative” means an executor, administrator, guardian, 
trustee or other representative of a Participant who has legal authority to 
exercise such Participant’s Options or



4



------------------------------------------------------------------------

Stock Appreciation Rights or rights under other types of Awards on behalf 
of such Participant or such Participant’s estate.


2.39    “Restricted Stock” means an Award granted to a Participant pursuant 
to Article 6, and includes (but is not limited to) performance-based 
Restricted Stock and time-vested Restricted Stock.


2.40    “Restricted Stock Unit” means an Award granted to a Participant 
pursuant to Article 6, except that no Shares are actually awarded to the 
Participant on the date of grant.


2.41    “Retirement” or “Retires” means, for Employees: (a) for Awards 
granted prior to February 2013, the termination of Employment of a 
Participant who is eligible to either make an election to begin receiving 
early or regular retirement benefits under the Company’s defined benefit 
pension plan or to begin receiving tax penalty-free early distributions 
(other than a rollover to another retirement plan) from the Company’s 
defined contribution retirement plan; (b) for Awards granted beginning in 
February 2013 through January 2014, the termination of employment by a 
Participant who has attained age 65 and completed at least five years of 
service with the Company and/or one or more of its Affiliates; and (c) for 
Awards granted beginning in February 2014, the definition set forth in the 
applicable Award Agreement.


2.42    “Section 162(m)” means Section 162(m) of the Code, or any successor 
provision, and the regulations, rulings and other guidance issued 
thereunder.


2.43    “Section 409A” means Section 409A of the Code, or any successor 
provision, and the regulations, rulings and other guidance issued 
thereunder.


2.44    “Share” means a share of common stock of the Company.


2.45    “Stock Appreciation Right” or “SAR” means a right of the type 
described in Article 7 of the Plan.


2.46    “Substantial Cause” means the (a) commission of a criminal act 
against, an action in derogation of the interests of, or misconduct which 
results in a financial loss to, the Company or an Affiliate; (b) misconduct 
which obligates the Company to prepare an accounting restatement due to 
material noncompliance with applicable financial reporting requirements; 
(c) knowing disclosure of confidential information about the Company or an 
Affiliate in breach of the Company’s Essential Standards of Conduct or an 
applicable contractual or other obligation, or using such information for 
personal gain, including, without limitation, by trading in Company 
securities on the basis of material, non-public information; or (d) 
performance of any other action that the Committee, in its sole discretion, 
may deem to be sufficiently injurious to the interests or reputation of the 
Company or an Affiliate to constitute substantial cause for the termination 
of services by a Participant as an Employee, Director or Third Party 
Service Provider. Nothing in the Plan shall be



5



------------------------------------------------------------------------

construed to imply that a Participant’s employment or other relationship 
with the Company or its Affiliates may only be terminated for Substantial 
Cause.


2.47    “Third Party Service Provider” means any consultant, agent, 
advisor, or independent contractor who provides services to the Company or 
an Affiliate pursuant to a written contract that (a) are not in connection 
with the offer and sale of the Company’s securities in a capital-raising 
transaction, and (b) do not, directly or indirectly, promote or maintain a 
market for the Company’s securities.


Article 3    Administration


3.1    General. The Committee shall be responsible for administering the 
Plan, subject to this Article 3 and the other provisions of the Plan. The 
Committee may retain attorneys, consultants, accountants, or other 
advisors. The Committee, the Company, and its officers and Directors shall 
be entitled to rely upon the advice, opinions, or valuations of any such 
advisors. The fees of any such advisors shall be paid by the Company. All 
actions taken and all interpretations and determinations made by the 
Committee shall be final and binding on the Participants, beneficiaries, 
the Company, and all other interested individuals.


3.2    Authority of the Committee. The Committee shall have full and, 
except as otherwise expressly provided in the Plan, exclusive, power and 
discretion: (a) to interpret the terms and the intent of the Plan and any 
Award Agreement or other agreement or document ancillary to or in 
connection with the Plan, and to adopt such rules, regulations, forms, 
instruments, and guidelines for administering the Plan as the Committee may 
deem necessary or proper; (b) to select Award recipients; (c) to establish 
the terms and conditions of all Awards, including the terms and conditions 
to be set forth in Award Agreements; (d) to grant Awards as an alternative 
to or as the form of payment for grants or rights earned or due under other 
compensation plans or arrangements of the Company; and (e) subject to 
Article 19, to adopt modifications and amendments to the Plan or any Award 
Agreement, including without limitation, any that are necessary to comply 
with the laws of the jurisdictions in which the Company and/or its 
Affiliates operate or may operate.


3.3    Delegation. The Committee may delegate to one or more of its members 
or to one or more officers of the Company or its Affiliates or to one or 
more agents or advisors such administrative duties or powers as it may deem 
advisable, and the Committee or any individuals to whom it has delegated 
duties or powers as aforesaid may retain such legal, financial or other 
advisors as they deem appropriate to assist them with respect to any 
responsibility the Committee or such individuals may have under the Plan. 
To the extent consistent with the Company’s bylaws and applicable law, the 
Board may, by resolution, authorize one or more officers of the Company or 
committees of the Board (in addition to the Committee) to do one or both of 
the following on the same basis as can the Committee: (a) designate 
Employees to be recipients of Awards; and (b) determine the size of any 
such Awards and the terms and conditions of such Awards; provided,



6



------------------------------------------------------------------------

however, (i) the Board shall not authorize any such officer to grant Awards 
to himself or herself, nor authorize any such officer or committee to grant 
Awards to any individual who is considered an Insider; (ii) the resolution 
providing such authorization must place a limit on the total number of 
Shares that may be covered by all such Awards; and (iii) such officer(s) or 
committee(s) shall report periodically to the Committee regarding the 
nature and scope of the Awards granted pursuant to the authority delegated.


Article 4    Shares Subject to the Plan and Maximum Awards


4.1    Number of Shares Available for Awards.


(a)    Share Authorization.  Subject to adjustment as provided in Section 
4.4, the maximum number of Shares available for issuance to Participants 
under the Plan on or after the Effective Date (the “Share Authorization”) 
shall be ten million (10,000,000) Shares. The Shares available for issuance 
under the Plan may be authorized and unissued Shares or treasury Shares.


(b)    Fungible Conversion Factor. Notwithstanding any other provision of 
the Plan, each Share granted to a Participant as part of a Full Value Award 
shall reduce the Share Authorization by three (3) Shares. Each Share 
granted to a Participant as part an Award that is not a Full Value Award 
shall reduce the Share Authorization by one (1) Share.


(c)    Limit on Grants to Eligible Directors. The maximum aggregate number 
of Shares that may be granted under the Plan to Eligible Directors shall be 
limited to one million (1,000,000).


(d)    Prior Plans. All awards granted pursuant to the Prior Plans and 
outstanding on the Effective Date shall remain subject to the terms of the 
applicable Prior Plans and award agreements issued thereunder, except that 
any Shares to be issued after the Effective Date pursuant to the terms of 
performance-based restricted stock awards granted under one of the Prior 
Plans in connection with above-target performance results shall be issued 
under this Plan. Beginning on the Effective Date, no additional awards 
shall be granted under any Prior Plan, except for restorative options 
automatically granted pursuant to the terms of any option awards 
outstanding under a Prior Plan.


4.2    Share Counting. Shares covered by an Award shall only be counted 
against the Share Authorization to the extent they are actually issued, 
provided that:


(a)    Shares Available for Future Grant. Any Shares related to Awards 
which terminate by expiration, forfeiture, cancellation, or otherwise, 
without the issuance of such Shares (other than surrender of an Option at 
the time of exercise of a related Stock Appreciation Right), or are settled 
in cash in lieu of Shares, shall be available again for grant under the 
Plan, consistent with the fungible conversion factor methodology set forth 
in Section 4.1(b).



7



------------------------------------------------------------------------

(b)    Shares That Will Reduce Share Authorization. The Share Authorization 
will be reduced by the full number of Shares that: (i) are subject to the 
exercise or vesting of an Award, regardless of whether fewer Shares are 
actually issued because of Shares tendered to the Company (by either 
Constructive or Actual Delivery) or withheld by the Company to satisfy tax 
withholding requirements or to pay the exercise price with respect to such 
exercise or vesting; or (ii) may be issued in connection with an Award of a 
SAR, regardless of whether fewer Shares are actually issued upon exercise 
of such SAR.


4.3    Annual Award Limits. The following limits (“Annual Award Limits”) 
shall apply to grants of such Awards under the Plan, subject to any 
adjustments pursuant to Section 4.4 or 19.2, unless and until the Committee 
determines that an Award to a Covered Employee shall not be designed to 
qualify as Performance-Based Compensation.


(a)    Restricted Stock or Restricted Stock Units.  The aggregate maximum 
number of Shares that may be subject to Awards of Restricted Stock or 
Restricted Stock Units granted in any one Plan Year to any one Participant 
shall be five hundred thousand (500,000).


(b)    Options and SARs.  The aggregate maximum number of Shares that may 
be subject to Awards of Options and SARs, including ISOs, granted in any 
one Plan Year to any one Participant shall be one million five hundred 
thousand (1,500,000).


(c)    Performance Shares and Performance Units. The aggregate maximum 
number of Shares that may be subject to Awards of Performance Shares or 
Performance Units granted in any one Plan Year to any one Participant shall 
be five hundred thousand (500,000).


(d)    Other Stock-Based Awards.  The aggregate maximum number of Shares 
that may be subject to Other Stock-Based Awards granted in any one Plan 
Year to any one Participant shall be five hundred thousand (500,000).


(e)    Awards to Eligible Directors. Notwithstanding the foregoing 
provisions of Sections 4.3 (a) – (d), the maximum number of Shares that may 
be granted in any one Plan Year to any Eligible Director shall be twenty 
thousand (20,000).


4.4    Adjustments in Authorized Shares. If the number of outstanding 
Shares is increased or decreased through a reorganization, 
recapitalization, reclassification, special cash dividend, stock dividend, 
stock split, reverse stock split or other similar transaction, an 
appropriate and proportionate adjustment shall be made in: (a) the number 
of Shares included in the Share Authorization in Section 4.1 (a) and the 
Share limitation in Section 4.1 (c), (b) the number of Shares that may be 
issued under outstanding Awards, and (c) the Award limits specified in 
Section 4.3. In the event that the Shares are changed into or exchanged for 
a different kind of shares or other securities of the Company through 
transactions of the type referenced above, the Committee, in its sole 
discretion, in order to prevent dilution or enlargement of Participants’ 
rights under the Plan,



8



------------------------------------------------------------------------

may substitute or adjust, as applicable, the number and kind of securities 
that may be issued under the Plan or under particular forms of Awards, the 
number and kind of securities subject to outstanding Awards, the Annual 
Award Limits, and other value determinations applicable to outstanding 
Awards.


The Committee, in its sole discretion, may also make appropriate 
adjustments in the terms of any Awards under the Plan to reflect such 
changes or distributions and to modify any other terms of outstanding 
Awards, including modifications of performance goals and changes in the 
length of Performance Periods. The determination of the Committee as to the 
foregoing adjustments, if any, shall be conclusive and binding on 
Participants under the Plan. No amendment, modification, suspension or 
termination may impact the distribution of any Award that is subject to 
Section 409A or is intended to qualify as Performance-Based Compensation 
under Section 162(m), except as permitted by such applicable Section.


Subject to the provisions of Article 19.1, without affecting the number of 
Shares reserved or available hereunder, the Committee may authorize the 
issuance or assumption of benefits under the Plan in connection with any 
merger, consolidation, acquisition of property or stock, or reorganization 
on such terms and conditions as it may deem appropriate.


Article 5    Eligibility


All Employees and Eligible Directors shall be eligible for selection to 
receive Awards. In addition, any key person selected by the Committee in 
its sole discretion who provides bona fide services to the Company or an 
Affiliate as a Third Party Service Provider shall be eligible for selection 
to receive Awards.


Article 6    Restricted Stock and Restricted Stock Units


6.1    Restricted Stock or Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement. Each 
Award of Restricted Stock and/or Restricted Stock Units shall be evidenced 
by an Award Agreement that specifies the material terms of the Award, 
including, without limitation, the Period(s) of Restriction, the number of 
Shares of Restricted Stock or the number of Restricted Stock Units granted, 
vesting terms (which can include, without limitation, time-vested or 
performance-based terms) and such other provisions as the Committee shall 
determine in its discretion.


6.2    Other Restrictions. The Committee may impose such other conditions 
and/or restrictions on any Shares of Restricted Stock or Restricted Stock 
Units granted pursuant to the Plan as it may deem advisable including, 
without limitation, time-based restrictions, and/or restrictions under 
applicable laws, rules and regulations or under the requirements of any 
stock exchange or market upon which such Shares are listed or traded, 
holding requirements or sale restrictions placed on the Shares by the 
Company upon vesting of such Restricted Stock or Restricted Stock Units, a 
requirement that Participants pay a stipulated purchase price for each 
Share of Restricted Stock or



9



------------------------------------------------------------------------

each Restricted Stock Unit, restrictions based upon the achievement of 
specific performance goals, or time-based restrictions on vesting following 
the attainment of the performance goals.


Except as otherwise provided in this Article 6, and subject in all cases to 
the requirements of applicable laws, rules and regulations, Shares of 
Restricted Stock covered by each Restricted Stock Award shall become freely 
transferable by the Participant after all conditions and restrictions 
applicable to such Shares have been satisfied or lapse (including 
satisfaction of any applicable tax withholding obligations), and Restricted 
Stock Units shall be paid in cash, Shares, or a combination of cash and 
Shares as the Committee, in its sole discretion shall determine.


6.3    Certificate Retention or Legend. To the extent that a certificate is 
issued to evidence Shares of Restricted Stock, the Committee may determine 
in its sole discretion that such certificate shall: (a) be retained by the 
Company until such time as all conditions and/or restrictions applicable to 
such Shares have been satisfied or lapse; and/or (b) bear a legend such as 
the following or as otherwise determined by the Committee in its 
discretion:


      The sale or transfer of Shares represented by this certificate,
      whether voluntary, involuntary, or by operation of law, is subject to
      certain restrictions on transfer as set forth in the Kemper
      Corporation 2011 Omnibus Incentive Plan, and in the associated Award
      Agreement. A copy of such Plan and Award Agreement may be obtained
      from Kemper Corporation.


6.4    Voting Rights. Issued and outstanding Shares of Restricted Stock 
shall at all times possess the same voting rights as all other issued and 
outstanding Shares. A Participant shall have no voting rights with respect 
to any Restricted Stock Units granted hereunder.


6.5    Dividends and Dividend Equivalents.  Except as the Committee 
determines otherwise with respect to a particular Award and as set forth in 
the applicable Award Agreement, issued and outstanding Shares of Restricted 
Stock shall be entitled to dividends if, as and when declared by the Board 
with respect to the Company’s Shares on the same basis and on the same 
payment dates as all other issued and outstanding Shares. The Committee 
may, in its discretion, grant dividend equivalents with respect to any 
Restricted Stock Units. The terms and conditions of such dividend 
equivalents, including the rate per Unit, timing of payment and other 
requirements, shall be established by the Committee in its discretion, 
subject to the requirements of Article 16 of the Plan.


6.6    Section 83(b) Election. The Committee may provide in an Award 
Agreement that the Award of Restricted Stock is conditioned on the 
Participant making or refraining from making an election with respect to 
the Award under Section 83(b) of the Code. If a Participant makes an 
election pursuant to Section 83(b) of the Code concerning a Restricted 
Stock Award, the Participant shall be required to file promptly a copy of 
such election with the Company.



10



------------------------------------------------------------------------

Article 7    Stock Appreciation Rights


7.1    Grant of Stock Appreciation Rights. The Committee may grant an Award 
of Stock Appreciation Rights in connection with an Option Award (“Tandem 
SAR”) or independently of any Option Award (“Freestanding SAR”).


7.2    SAR Award Agreement.  Each SAR Award shall be evidenced by an Award 
Agreement that specifies the material terms of the Award, including, 
without limitation, exercise terms consistent with Section 8.2 below and 
the following provisions, and such other provisions as the Committee shall 
determine in its discretion:


(a)    A SAR shall be exercised in accordance with the provisions of this 
Article 7 and Section 8.3.


(b)    A Tandem SAR shall be exercisable to the extent, and only to the 
extent, the associated Option is exercisable and shall be exercisable only 
for such period as the Committee may determine. Upon exercise of a Tandem 
SAR, the Participant shall be required to surrender to the Company 
unexercised the Option to which it relates, or any portion thereof (subject 
to Section 8.3(c));


(c)    A Freestanding SAR may be exercised in accordance with the terms of 
the applicable Award Agreement;


(d)    Upon exercise of a SAR, the Participant shall receive that number of 
Shares (rounded down to the nearest whole number) having an aggregate value 
equal to the excess of the Fair Market Value of one Share over the Exercise 
Price per Share specified in the applicable Award Agreement, multiplied by 
the number of Shares subject to the SAR, or portion thereof, which is 
exercised. However, the Committee may elect to settle, or the Award 
Agreement may permit the Participant to elect to receive (subject to 
approval by the Committee), any part or all of the Company’s obligation 
arising out of the exercise of the SAR by the payment of cash equal to the 
aggregate Fair Market Value of that part or all of the Shares it would 
otherwise be obligated to deliver.


Article 8    Stock Options


8.1    Grant of Stock Options.  The Committee may grant Option Awards and 
determine whether an Option will be an ISO or a Non-Qualified Option, 
whether to couple a SAR with an Option, the number of Shares to be subject 
to each Option, the Exercise Price, the number of installments, if any, in 
which each Option may vest, the expiration date of each Option and all 
other terms and conditions of each Option. ISO Awards may be granted only 
to Participants who are Employees.



11



------------------------------------------------------------------------

8.2    Stock Option and SAR Award Agreements. Each Option Award and SAR 
Award granted pursuant to the Plan shall be evidenced by an Award Agreement 
that specifies the material terms of the Award, including, without 
limitation, terms consistent with the following provisions, and such other 
provisions as the Committee shall determine in its discretion:


(a)    Duration. Each Option and SAR and all rights associated therewith, 
shall expire on such date as the Committee may determine, but in no event 
later than the ten-year anniversary of the grant date, subject to a limited 
extension if so provided in the Award Agreement in the event that the 
expiration date of an Award held by a Participant falls within a trading 
“blackout” period imposed by the Company and applicable to the Participant, 
or earlier termination as provided in the Plan.


(b)    Exercise Price. The Exercise Price for each Share that is the 
subject of an Option or SAR shall be determined by the Committee and shall 
not be less than the Fair Market Value of a Share on the date of grant, 
subject to adjustment pursuant to Section 19.2.


(c)    Vesting.  Each Option and SAR granted under the Plan shall vest and 
be exercisable in such installments, if any, during the period prior to its 
expiration date as the Committee shall determine, and, unless otherwise 
specified in an Award Agreement, no Option or SAR shall be exercisable for 
at least six months after grant except in the case of the death or 
Disability of the Participant.


(d)    No Repricing.  Except as otherwise permitted as an adjustment 
pursuant to Section 19.2 or as approved by the Company’s shareholders, the 
exercise price of an Option or SAR outstanding under the Plan may not be 
reduced, whether through amendment, exchange, cancellation and re-grant, 
repurchase or other method.


8.3    Exercise of Options and SARs.


(a)    Notice by Participant.  Each Participant (or such Participant’s 
Representative) who desires to exercise an Option or SAR shall give advance 
written notice of such exercise to the Company in such form as may be 
prescribed from time to time by the Committee or the management of the 
Company.


(b)    Payment for Exercises of Options. Before shares will be issued in 
connection with an exercise, the Exercise Price of an Option shall be paid 
in full by: (i) check payable to the order of the Company; (ii) 
Constructive or Actual Delivery of Shares, subject to any terms and 
conditions that may be imposed the Committee in its discretion; (iii) 
electronic transfer of funds to an account of the Company; (iv) by other 
means acceptable to the Committee; or (v) any combination of the foregoing. 
Shares used by Constructive or Actual Delivery to satisfy the Exercise 
Price of an Option shall be valued at their Fair Market Value on the date 
of exercise.



12



------------------------------------------------------------------------

(c)    Partial Exercises.  No Option or SAR may be exercised for a fraction 
of a share and no partial exercise of any Option or SAR Right may be made 
for less than 50 shares unless the total number of Shares remaining under 
the Award Agreement is less than 50 at the time of exercise.


(d)    Exercise by Participant’s Spouse.  Unless otherwise provided in an 
Award Agreement, an Option or SAR shall be exercisable during the 
Participant’s lifetime only by the Participant (or, in the case of the 
incapacity of the Participant, by the Participant’s Representative) 
regardless of any community property interest therein of the spouse of the 
Participant, or such spouse’s successors in interest. If the spouse of the 
Participant shall have acquired a community property interest in such 
Option or SAR, the Participant, or the Participant’s Representative, may 
exercise the Option or SAR on behalf of the spouse of the Participant or 
such spouse’s successors in interest.


(e)    Special Provisions for Incentive Stock Options. In addition to the 
limitation applicable to ISOs in Section 4.3 (b), to the extent that the 
aggregate Fair Market Value (determined as of the grant date) of Shares 
underlying an ISO granted to a Participant under this Plan (and any other 
option plans of the Company) that become exercisable for the first time by 
the Participant during any Plan Year exceeds $100,000 (or, if different, 
the maximum limitation in effect at the time of grant under Code Section 
422, or any successor provision), the portion of such ISO in excess of 
$100,000 (or, if different, such maximum limitation) will be treated as 
Non-Qualified Options. The portion of any ISO not exercised within three 
months after termination of Employment will be treated as a Non-Qualified 
Option.


Article 9    Performance Shares and Performance Units


9.1    Grant of Performance Shares and Performance Units and Award 
Agreement.  Each Award of Performance Shares or Performance Units shall be 
evidenced by an Award Agreement that specifies the material terms of the 
Award, including, without limitation, any performance criteria, vesting 
provisions and expiration date, and such other provisions as the Committee 
shall determine in its discretion.


9.2    Value of Performance Shares and Performance Units. Each Performance 
Share shall have an initial value based on one Share on the date of grant. 
Each Performance Unit shall have an initial value that is established by 
the Committee at the time of grant. The Committee shall set performance 
criteria in its discretion that, depending on the actual performance 
results, will determine the number and/or value of the Performance Shares 
and Performance Units that will be paid out to the Participant.


9.3    Earning of Performance Shares and Performance Units.  After the 
applicable Performance Period has ended, the holder of Performance Shares 
or Performance Units shall be



13



------------------------------------------------------------------------

entitled to receive a payout on the value and number of Performance Shares 
or Performance Units earned by the Participant over the Performance Period, 
if such payout is due as determined based on the actual results of the 
corresponding performance criteria.


9.4    Form and Timing of Payment of Performance Shares and Performance 
Units. Payment of earned Performance Shares and Performance Units shall be 
made as determined by the Committee as set forth in the applicable Award 
Agreements. Subject to the terms of the Plan, the Committee, in its sole 
discretion, may pay earned Performance Shares and Performance Units in the 
form of Shares or in cash (or a combination thereof) equal to their value, 
if any, at the end of the applicable Performance Period or as soon as 
practicable thereafter. Shares may be granted subject to any restrictions 
deemed appropriate by the Committee, as set forth in the applicable Award 
Agreements.


9.5    No Dividends Payable.  Awards of Performance Shares or Performance 
Units shall not be entitled to dividends with respect to the Company’s 
Shares, but, in the discretion of the Committee, may be entitled to 
dividend equivalents earned and payable to the extent, and at the time, of 
any payout of such Award.


Article 10    Other Stock-Based Awards


The Committee may grant Other Stock-Based Awards (which may include 
unrestricted Shares) in such amounts and subject to such terms and 
conditions as the Committee determines appropriate, and may include, 
without limitation, Awards that upon grant are fully vested and 
non-forfeitable. Such Other Stock-Based Awards may entail the issue or 
transfer of actual Shares or payment in cash or otherwise of amounts based 
on the value of Shares. Each Other Stock-Based Award shall be evidenced by 
an Award Agreement that specifies the material terms and conditions of the 
Award, including, without limitation, any restrictions or vesting 
provisions and whether such Award is entitled to dividends or dividend 
equivalents, and such other provisions as the Committee shall determine in 
its discretion.


Article 11    Awards to Eligible Directors


11.1    Annual Award Grants. An Award shall be granted to each Eligible 
Director automatically on the date of each Annual Meeting of the Company’s 
Shareholders, following such meeting (“Annual Award Grant”), in such form, 
amount, and subject to such terms as shall be determined from time to time 
by the Board of Directors in its sole discretion, after considering any 
recommendation by the Committee, subject to the limitations of Section 
4.3(e).


11.2    Other Forms of Awards to Eligible Directors. In addition to Annual 
Award Grants, Eligible Directors may be entitled to receive other forms of 
Awards under the Plan, in such forms and amounts, and subject to such 
terms, as shall be determined from time to time by the Board of



14



------------------------------------------------------------------------

Directors in its sole discretion, after considering any recommendation by 
the Committee. In no event shall an Incentive Stock Option be granted to an 
Eligible Director.


Article 12    Forfeiture and Termination of Employment or Service as a 
Director or Consultant.


12.1    Terms Provided in Award Agreements. Except as determined otherwise 
by the Committee in connection with particular Awards and set forth in the 
applicable Award Agreements, the provisions of Sections 12.2, 12.3, and 
12.4 shall apply to outstanding Awards held by a Participant at the time of 
termination of the Participant’s Employment (or termination of the 
Participant’s employer’s affiliation with the Company, as described in 
Section 12.4 below), or the termination or a Participant’s service as a 
Director or Third Party Service Provider, respectively.


12.2    Termination of Services as an Employee.


(a)    Options and SARs. The vesting, forfeiture and other terms of payout 
for Awards of Options and SARs that apply in the event that a Participant 
ceases to be an Employee of the Company or any of its Affiliates shall be 
determined as set forth in the applicable Award Agreement for Awards 
granted beginning in February 2013, and as follows for Awards granted prior 
to February 2013:


      (i)    Death or Disability. If a Participant dies or becomes Disabled
      while employed by the Company or any of its Affiliates, then all
      Awards granted to such Participant that were outstanding but not
      vested on such date shall immediately vest and remain outstanding and
      exercisable until the earlier of their original expiration date or
      one year from the date of death or the date the Participant first
      became Disabled, and all Awards that are not exercised within such
      period shall be forfeited to the Company.


      (ii)    Retirement.


(A)    If a Participant Retires but continues to provide services to the 
Company or any of its Affiliates as a director or as a Third Party Service 
Provider, then all Awards held by such Participant shall continue in full 
force and effect in accordance with their terms or until the Participant 
ceases to provide such services. If such services cease as a result of 
death or Disability, then Section 12.2(a)(i) above shall apply. If such 
services cease for any other reason, then Section 12.2(a)(ii)(B) below 
shall apply as if the Participant were Retiring on the date of such 
cessation of services.


(B)    If a Participant Retires but does not continue to provide services 
as provided in subsection (ii)(A) above, then such Participant may exercise 
all vested Awards until the earlier of one year from the date of Retirement 
or the original expiration date of such Awards and all vested Awards that 
are not exercised within such period shall be forfeited to



15



------------------------------------------------------------------------

the Company, and all Awards that were not vested on the date of Retirement 
shall be forfeited to the Company.


      (iii)    Sale or Divestiture of Employer.  If the Company sells or
      divests its controlling interest in any Affiliate which employs a
      Participant, or if its control of such Affiliate otherwise ceases,
      then all unvested Awards held by such Participant on the date of such
      sale, divestiture, cessation of control or termination shall be
      forfeited to the Company, and the Participants shall have until the
      earlier of 90 days from such date (or one year in the case of a
      Participant who is eligible for Retirement on such date), or the
      original expiration date of such Awards, in which to exercise Awards
      that were vested on such date, and all vested Awards that are not
      exercised within such period shall be forfeited to the Company.


      (iv)    Other Termination of Employment. If a Participant ceases to
      be an Employee of the Company or any of its Affiliates under
      circumstances other than those set forth in the foregoing subsections
      (i) – (iii), then:


(A)    If the termination of Employment was not for Substantial Cause, then 
all Awards held by such Participant that were not vested on the date of 
termination shall immediately be forfeited to the Company, and the 
Participant shall have until the earlier of 90 days from the date of 
termination or the original expiration date of such Awards in which to 
exercise Awards that were vested on such date, and all such Awards that are 
not exercised within such period shall be forfeited to the Company.


(B)    If the termination of Employment was for Substantial Cause, then all 
of the Participant’s outstanding Awards then held by such Participant shall 
be forfeited to the Company (including vested Options and SARs) on the date 
of such termination, notwithstanding any otherwise applicable vesting or 
performance conditions related to any such Awards.


(b)    Time-Vested Restricted Stock. The vesting, forfeiture and other 
terms of payout for Awards of Time-Vested Restricted Stock that apply in 
the event that a Participant ceases to be an Employee of the Company or any 
of its Affiliates shall be determined as set forth in the applicable Award 
Agreement for Awards granted beginning in February 2013, and as follows for 
Awards granted prior to February 2013:


      (i)    Death or Disability. If a Participant dies or becomes Disabled
      while employed by the Company or any of its Affiliates, then all
      restrictions on such Participant’s outstanding Awards shall lapse and
      such Awards shall vest on the date of such death or Disability.


      (ii)    Retirement.



16



------------------------------------------------------------------------

(A)    If a Participant Retires but continues to provide services to the 
Company or any of its Affiliates as a director or as a Third Party Service 
Provider, then all Awards held by such Participant shall continue in full 
force and effect in accordance with their terms or until the Participant 
ceases to provide such services. If such services cease as a result of 
death or Disability, then subsection (i) above shall apply. If such 
services cease for any other reason, all of Participant’s Awards that are 
then unvested shall be forfeited to the Company on the date of such 
cessation of services.


(B)    If a Participant Retires but does not continue to provide services 
as provided in subsection (ii)(A) above, then all unvested Awards then held 
by such Participant shall be forfeited to the Company on the date of 
Retirement.


      (iii)    Sale or Divestiture of Employer.  If the Company sells or
      divests its controlling interest in any Affiliate which employs a
      Participant, or if its control of such Affiliate otherwise ceases,
      then all unvested Awards then held by such Participant shall be
      forfeited to the Company on the date of such sale, divestiture,
      cessation of control or termination.


      (iv)    Other Termination of Employment. If a Participant ceases to
      be an Employee of the Company or any of its Affiliates under
      circumstances other than those set forth in the foregoing subsections
      (i) – (iii), all of the unvested Awards such Participant then holds
      shall be forfeited to the Company on the date of such cessation of
      Employment.


(c)    Performance-Based Restricted Stock, Performance Shares, Performance 
Units or Other Stock-Based Awards. If a Participant ceases to be an 
Employee of the Company or any of its Affiliates under any circumstance, 
the vesting, forfeiture and other terms of payout of any outstanding Award 
of a type other than those covered by Sections 12.2(a) or (b) above shall 
be determined as set forth in the applicable Award Agreement.


12.3    Termination of Services as a Director.


(a)    Options and SARs. The vesting, forfeiture and other terms of payout 
for Awards of Options and SARs that apply in the event that a Director’s 
services cease shall be determined as set forth in the applicable Award 
Agreement for Awards granted beginning in February 2013, and as follows for 
Awards granted prior to February 2013: All rights of a Director under an 
outstanding Award, to the extent it has not been exercised, shall terminate 
90 days after the date of the termination of his or her services as a 
Director for any reason other than: (i) the death of the Director; (ii) 
cessation of services as a Director because the individual, although 
nominated by the Board of Directors, is not elected by the shareholders to 
the Board of Directors; or (iii) cessation of services as a Director 
because of total and permanent disability as defined in Section 22(e)(3) of 
the Code (collectively, “Termination Events”). If a Director’s services as 
such cease because of a



17



------------------------------------------------------------------------

Termination Event, his or her unvested Options and SARs shall vest 
immediately. All vested Options and SARs shall expire one year after the 
date of a Termination Event.


(b)    Other Types of Awards. If a Director’s services as such cease under 
any circumstance, the vesting, forfeiture and other terms of payout of any 
outstanding Award other than Options and SARs shall be determined as set 
forth in the applicable Award Agreement.


12.4    Termination of Services as Third Party Service Provider. Except as 
provided otherwise in Sections 12.2 or 12.3, if applicable, the vesting, 
forfeiture and other terms of payout of any outstanding Award to a 
Participant whose agreement to provide services as a Third Party Service 
Provider ceases under any circumstance shall be determined as set forth in 
the applicable Award Agreement.


12.5    Forfeiture Provisions and Clawbacks. The Committee may, as required 
by applicable laws, rules and regulations or otherwise in its discretion, 
approve forfeiture and/or “clawback” provisions in connection with 
particular Awards or Participants that specify that the Participant’s 
rights, payments, and benefits with respect to an Award may be subject to 
reduction, cancellation, forfeiture, or recoupment upon the occurrence of 
certain specified events, despite and notwithstanding any otherwise 
applicable vesting or performance conditions of an Award. Such events may 
include, but shall not be limited to, termination of Employment for 
Substantial Cause, misconduct resulting in an accounting restatement due to 
material noncompliance with financial reporting requirements, violation of 
material Company or Affiliate policies, breach of non-competition, 
confidentiality, or other restrictive covenants that may apply to the 
Participant, or other conduct by the Participant that is determined by the 
Committee to be detrimental to the business or reputation of the Company 
and/or its Affiliates.


12.6    Leaves of Absence. The extent to which a Leave of Absence taken by 
an Employee Participant will affect an outstanding Award held by such 
Participant shall be determined in accordance with the terms of the Award 
Agreement and any applicable policies of the Participant’s employer.


Article 13    Transferability of Awards


13.1    Transferability. Unless otherwise provided in an Award Agreement, 
Awards shall not be transferable either voluntarily or by operation of law 
other than by will or the laws of descent and distribution; no Awards shall 
be subject, in whole or in part, to attachment, execution, or levy of any 
kind; and any purported transfer in violation hereof shall be null and 
void.


13.2    Domestic Relations Orders. Without limiting the generality of 
Section 13.1, no domestic relations order purporting to authorize a 
transfer of an Award or any interest in an Award or to grant the power to 
exercise an Option or SAR to any person other than a Participant (or his or 
her Representative) shall be recognized as valid or enforceable.



18



------------------------------------------------------------------------

Article 14    Performance Measures


14.1    Performance Measures. Unless and until the Committee proposes for 
shareholder vote and the shareholders approve a change in the general 
Performance Measures set forth in this Article 14, the performance goals or 
metrics upon which the payment or vesting of an Award of Restricted Stock, 
Restricted Stock Units, Performance Shares or Performance Units (and any 
other Awards subject to performance results) to a Covered Employee that is 
intended to qualify as Performance-Based Compensation shall be limited to 
the following Performance Measures:


(a)    Measures of profitability, including, but not limited to, net 
income, operating earnings, and earnings before or after any one or more of 
the following: taxes, interest, depreciation, amortization and other 
non-cash charges;


(b)    Measures of revenue, including, but not limited to, earned premiums, 
written premiums, investment income, investment gains, and any other 
revenue measures reported by the Company in its financial statements;


(c)    Measures of return, including, but not limited to, return on assets, 
capital, invested capital, equity, earned premiums, written premiums, 
revenues, and returns and yields with respect to investment portfolio 
performance;


(d)    Cash flow including, but not limited to, operating cash flow, free 
cash flow, and cash flow return on equity;


(e)    Measures related to insurance policy retention, operating 
efficiencies, and productivity;


(f)    The Company’s share price, including, but not limited to, share 
appreciation measures and measures of total shareholder return;


(g)    Measures based on cost or expense targets;


(h)    Market share;


(i)    Customer satisfaction;


(j)    Bad debt experience;


(k)    Economic value added or EVA® [net operating profit after tax] less 
[cost of equity capital];


(l)    Insurance underwriting income, combined ratios, loss ratios or 
expense ratios; and



19



------------------------------------------------------------------------

(m)    Recovery of capital or capital efficiency.


In the sole discretion of the Committee, any of the foregoing Performance 
Measure(s) may: (i) be determined on a consolidated basis or with regard to 
any business unit or Affiliate or any combination thereof, (ii) be computed 
in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United 
States, insurance statutory accounting principles or international 
accounting principles, or otherwise without regard to any such principles, 
(iii) be calculated on an absolute, relative or per-share basis, and (iv) 
in the case of a relative Performance Measure, be compared to (A) internal 
benchmarks, plans, projections or prior-years’ results, or (B) the 
performance of a group of comparator companies or any published or 
specially created index (including any equity market index), in each case 
as selected by the Committee. The Committee shall also have the authority 
to provide for accelerated vesting of any Award based on the achievement of 
performance goals pursuant to the Performance Measures specified in this 
Article 14.


14.2    Evaluation of Performance. In evaluating performance in connection 
with an Award, the Committee may include or exclude any of the following 
events that occur during a Performance Period: (a) asset write-downs; (b) 
litigation or claim judgments or settlements; (c) the effect of changes in 
tax laws, accounting principles, or other laws or provisions affecting 
reported results; (d) any reorganization and restructuring programs; (e) 
nonrecurring items as described in FASB Accounting Standards Codification™ 
225-20 – Income Statement – Unusual or Infrequently Occurring Items (or a 
successor pronouncement) and/or in the Company’s periodic reports filed 
with the Securities and Exchange Commission for periods within the 
applicable year; (f) acquisitions, divestitures, or business unit run-offs 
or closures; and any other circumstances deemed relevant by the Committee. 
To the extent such inclusions or exclusions affect Awards to Covered 
Employees that are intended to qualify as Performance-Based Compensation, 
they shall be prescribed in a form that meets the requirements of Section 
162(m) for deductibility.


14.3    Adjustment of Performance-Based Compensation. Awards that are 
intended to qualify as Performance-Based Compensation may not be adjusted 
upward so as to enrich the Award. The Committee shall retain the discretion 
to adjust such Awards downward, either on a formula or discretionary basis 
or any combination, as the Committee determines.


14.4    Committee Discretion. In the event that applicable tax, securities 
laws and regulations and/or stock exchange rules change so as to permit 
Committee discretion to alter the governing Performance Measures without 
obtaining shareholder approval of such changes, the Committee shall have 
sole discretion to make such changes without obtaining shareholder 
approval. In addition, in the event that the Committee determines that it 
is advisable to grant Awards that shall not qualify as Performance-Based 
Compensation, the Committee may make such grants without satisfying the 
requirements of Section 162(m) and base vesting on Performance Measures 
other than those set forth in Section 14.1.



20



------------------------------------------------------------------------

Article 15    Arbitration


The Committee may, as a condition to granting an Award, require that a 
Participant agree in writing to submit all disputes or claims arising out 
of or relating to any such Award to binding arbitration in accordance with 
such terms as the Committee shall prescribe.


Article 16    Compliance with Section 409A


16.1    409A Compliance.


(a)    Any Award that is granted under the Plan shall be designed and 
administered so that the Award is either exempt from the application of, or 
compliant with, the requirements of Section 409A.


(b)    To the extent that the Committee determines that any Award granted 
under the Plan is subject to Section 409A, the Award Agreement shall 
include such terms and conditions as the Committee determines, in its 
discretion, are necessary or advisable to avoid the imposition on the 
Participant of an additional tax under Section 409A. Notwithstanding any 
other provision of the Plan or any Award Agreement (unless the Award 
Agreement provides otherwise with specific reference to this Section): (i) 
an Award shall not be granted, deferred, accelerated, extended, paid out, 
settled, substituted, adjusted or modified under the Plan in a manner that 
would result in the imposition of an additional tax under Section 409A on a 
Participant; and (ii) if an Award Agreement provides for the deferral of 
compensation within the meaning of Section 409A, no distribution or payment 
of any amount shall be made before a date that is six (6) months following 
the date of such participant’s separation from service (as defined in 
Section 409A) or, if earlier, the date of the participant’s death.


(c)    Although the Company intends to administer the Plan so that Awards 
will be exempt from, or will comply with, the requirements of Section 409A, 
the Company does not warrant that any Award under the Plan will qualify for 
favorable tax treatment under Section 409A or any other provision of 
federal, state, local, or non-United States law. Neither the Company, its 
Affiliates nor their respective directors, officers, employees or advisers 
shall be liable to any Participant (or any other individual claiming a 
benefit through the Participant) for any tax, interest or penalties the 
Participant may owe as a result of the grant, holding, vesting, exercise or 
payment of any Award under the Plan.


16.2    Deferrals. Subject to the requirements of Section 16.1 of the Plan,
 the Committee may permit or require a Participant to defer such 
Participant’s receipt of the payment of cash or the delivery of Shares that 
would otherwise be due to such Participant by virtue of the lapse or waiver 
of restrictions with respect to any Award of a type that may be subject to 
the deferral provisions of Section 409A. If any such deferral election is 
required or permitted, the Committee shall, prior to



21



------------------------------------------------------------------------

requiring or permitting such deferral election, establish written rules and 
procedures for such payment deferrals that are intended to comply with the 
requirements of Section 409A including, without limitation, the time when a 
deferral election can or must be made, the period of the deferral, and the 
events that would result in payment of the deferred amount.


Article 17    Rights of Participants


17.1    Employment; Services. Nothing in the Plan or an Award Agreement 
shall interfere with or limit in any way the right of the Company and/or 
any of its Affiliates to terminate the Employment of, or provisions of 
services by, any Participant at any time or for any reason not prohibited 
by law, nor confer upon any Participant any right to continue his or her 
Employment or services for any specified period of time. Neither an Award 
nor any benefits arising under the Plan shall constitute an employment 
contract with the Company and/or its Affiliates and, accordingly, subject 
to Article 19, the Plan and the benefits hereunder may be terminated at any 
time in the sole and exclusive discretion of the Board without giving rise 
to any liability on the part of the Company and/or its Affiliates.


17.2    Participation. No individual shall have the right to be selected to 
receive an Award under the Plan, or, having been so selected, to be 
selected to receive a future Award.


17.3    Form of Stock; Rights as a Shareholder.


(a)    Subject to the provisions of applicable laws, rules and regulations 
and stock exchange requirements, Shares granted pursuant to Awards 
hereunder shall be issued in book entry or similar non-certificated form, 
or, at the request of a Participant following the completion of any 
applicable Period of Restriction, in the form of a stock certificate or by 
“DWAC” or similar electronic transfer to a brokerage or other account of 
the Participant.


(b)    No Participant shall have any of the rights or privileges of a 
shareholder with respect to Shares covered by any Award until Shares shall 
have been issued and delivered: (a) to the Participant in the form of 
certificates (or held by the Company pursuant to Section 6.4); (b) to a 
brokerage or other account for the benefit of the Participant either in 
certificate form or via “DWAC” or similar electronic means; or (c) to a 
book entry or direct registration account in the name of the Participant, 
including a book entry account at the Company’s transfer agent.


Article 18    Change in Control


18.1    Definition of     Change in Control. A “Change in Control” shall be 
deemed to have occurred if the event set forth in any one of the following 
paragraphs shall have occurred:


(a)    any Person is or becomes the Beneficial Owner, directly or 
indirectly, of securities of the Company (not including in the securities 
beneficially owned by such Person any



22



------------------------------------------------------------------------

securities acquired directly from the Company or any of its Affiliates) 
representing 25% or more of the combined voting power of the Company’s then 
outstanding securities, excluding any Person who becomes such a Beneficial 
Owner in connection with a transaction described in clause (i) of paragraph 
(c) below; or


(b)    the following individuals cease for any reason to constitute a 
majority of the number of Directors then serving: individuals who, on the 
Effective Date, constitute the Board of Directors and any new Director 
(other than a Director whose initial assumption of office is in connection 
with an actual or threatened election contest relating to the election of 
directors of the Company) whose appointment or election by the Board of 
Directors or nomination for election by the Company’s shareholders was 
approved or recommended by a vote of at least two-thirds of the directors 
then still in office who either were directors on the Effective Date or 
whose appointment, election or nomination for election was previously so 
approved or recommended; or


(c)    there is consummated a merger or consolidation of the Company or any 
Affiliate with any other corporation, other than (i) a merger or 
consolidation which results in the Directors immediately prior to such 
merger or consolidation continuing to constitute at least a majority of the 
Board of Directors of the surviving entity or any parent thereof, or (ii) a 
merger or consolidation effected to implement a recapitalization or 
reincorporation of the Company (or similar transaction) in which no Person 
is or becomes the Beneficial Owner, directly or indirectly, of securities 
of the Company (not including in the securities Beneficially Owned by such 
Person any securities acquired directly from the Company or any of its 
Affiliates) representing 25% or more of the combined voting power of the 
Company’s then outstanding securities; or


(d)    the shareholders of the Company approve a plan of complete 
liquidation or dissolution of the Company or there is consummated an 
agreement for the sale or disposition by the Company of all or 
substantially all of the Company’s assets, other than a sale or disposition 
by the Company of all or substantially all of the Company’s assets 
immediately following which the individuals who comprise the Board of 
Directors immediately prior thereto constitute at least a majority of the 
board of directors of the entity to which such assets are sold or disposed 
or any parent thereof.


18.2    Other Definitions.  As used in this definition of Change in 
Control:


(a)    “Beneficial Owner” shall have the meaning set forth in Rule 13d-3 
under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”); 
and


(b)    “Person” shall have the meaning given in Section 3(a)(9) of the 
Exchange Act, as modified in Sections 13(d)(3) and 14(d)(2) thereof, except 
that such term shall not include (1) the Company or any entity, more than 
50% of the voting securities of which are Beneficially Owned by the 
Company, (2) a trustee or other fiduciary holding securities under an 
employee benefit



23



------------------------------------------------------------------------

plan of the Company or any of its Affiliates, (3) an underwriter 
temporarily holding securities pursuant to an offering of such securities, 
(4) a corporation owned, directly or indirectly, by the shareholders of the 
Company in substantially the same proportions as their ownership of stock 
of the Company, (5) any individual, entity or group whose ownership of 
securities of the Company is reported on Schedule 13G pursuant to Rule 
13d-1 promulgated under the Exchange Act (but only for so long as such 
ownership is so reported) or (6) Singleton Group LLC or any successor in 
interest to such entity.


(c)    “Good Reason” shall mean any action taken by the Participant’s 
employer which results in a material negative change to the Participant in 
the Employment relationship, such as the duties to be performed, the 
conditions under which such duties are to be performed or the compensation 
to be received for performing such services. A termination by the 
Participant shall not constitute termination for Good Reason unless the 
Participant shall first have delivered to the employer written notice 
setting forth with specificity the occurrence deemed to give rise to a 
right to terminate for Good Reason (which notice must be given no later 
than 90 days after the occurrence of such event), and there shall have 
passed a reasonable time (not less than 30 days) within which the employer 
may take action to correct, rescind or otherwise substantially reverse the 
occurrence supporting termination for Good Reason as identified by the 
Participant.


18.3    Occurrence of a Change in Control.  Upon the Occurrence of a Change 
in Control:


(a)    In the event of a Change in Control as defined in Section 18.1 (a) 
or (b), except as prohibited by applicable laws, rules, regulations or 
stock exchange requirements, or as determined otherwise by the Committee in 
connection with particular Awards and set forth in the applicable Award 
Agreements, if the Employment of a Participant is terminated by the Company 
or an Affiliate without Substantial Cause or by the Participant for Good 
Reason within the twenty-four (24) month period following such Change in 
Control:


      (i)    any and all Options and SARs granted under the Plan shall vest
      and be immediately exercisable and shall remain exercisable for the
      remainder of their term;


      (ii)    any Period of Restriction and other restrictions imposed on
      time-vested Restricted Stock or Restricted Stock Units or Other
      Stock-Based Awards not subject to specified performance criteria
      shall lapse and such Awards shall immediately vest and be paid out or
      distributed without further restriction; and


      (iii)    the payout opportunities attainable under all outstanding
      performance-based Restricted Stock, Performance Shares or Performance
      Units or Other Stock-Based Awards subject to specified performance
      criteria, including Awards intended to qualify for deductibility
      under Section 162(m) of the Code, shall be deemed to have been fully
      earned based on the greater of (A) targeted performance, or (B)
      actual performance



24



------------------------------------------------------------------------

      being attained for a truncated Performance Period that ends on the
      date of the Change in Control.


(b)    In the event of a Change in Control as defined in Section 18.1 (c) 
or (d), the Plan shall terminate; provided, however, that notwithstanding 
the foregoing, the Board shall provide in writing in connection with such 
transaction for any one or more of the following alternatives (separately 
or in combinations): (i) all restrictions on outstanding Awards shall 
immediately lapse; (ii) for the assumption by the successor corporation of 
the Awards theretofore granted or the substitution by such corporation for 
such Awards theretofore granted of new Awards covering the stock of the 
successor corporation, or a parent or subsidiary thereof, with appropriate 
adjustments as to the number and kind of shares and prices; (iii) for the 
continuance of the Plan by such successor corporation in which event the 
Plan and the Awards therefore granted shall continue in the manner and 
under the terms so provided; or (iv) for the payment in cash or stock in 
lieu of and in complete satisfaction of such Awards.


(c)    Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of Sections 18.3 (a) and 
(b) or any other Section of the Plan, the Committee may, in its sole 
discretion, determine different provisions for vesting and payout that 
shall apply in the event of a Change in Control in connection with 
particular Awards, provided that such provisions are consistent with 
Article 16 and applicable laws, rules, regulations and stock exchange 
requirements and are set forth in the applicable Award Agreements.


Article 19    Amendment, Modification, Suspension, and Termination


19.1    Amendment, Modification, Suspension, and Termination. Subject to 
Sections 16.1 and 19.3, the Board may, at any time and from time to time, 
alter, amend, modify, suspend, or terminate the Plan in whole or in part; 
provided, however, that, no material amendment of the Plan shall be made 
without shareholder approval if shareholder approval is required by law, 
regulation, or stock exchange rule. Furthermore, no amendment, 
modification, suspension or termination may impact the distribution of any 
Award that is subject to Section 409A or is intended to qualify as 
Performance-Based Compensation under Section 162(m), except as permitted by 
such applicable Section.


19.2    Adjustment of Awards Upon the Occurrence of Certain Unusual or 
Nonrecurring Events. The Committee may make adjustments in the terms and 
conditions of, and the criteria included in, Awards in recognition of 
unusual or nonrecurring events (including, without limitation, the events 
described in Section 4.4 hereof) affecting the Company (or any of its 
Affiliates) or the financial statements of the Company (or any of its 
Affiliates) or of changes in applicable laws, rules, regulations or 
accounting principles, whenever the Committee determines that such 
adjustments are appropriate in order to prevent unintended dilution or 
enlargement of the benefits or potential benefits intended to be made 
available under the Plan. The determination of the



25



------------------------------------------------------------------------

Committee as to the foregoing adjustments, if any, shall be conclusive and 
binding on Participants under the Plan. No amendment, modification, 
suspension or termination may impact the distribution of any Award that is 
subject to Section 409A or is intended to qualify as Performance-Based 
Compensation under Section 162(m), except as permitted by such applicable 
Section.


19.3    Awards Previously Granted. Notwithstanding any other provision of 
the Plan to the contrary, no termination, amendment, suspension, or 
modification of the Plan or an Award Agreement shall adversely affect in 
any material way any Award previously granted under the Plan, without the 
written consent of the Participant holding such Award.


Article 20    Withholding


20.1    Tax Withholding. The Company shall have the power and the right to 
deduct or withhold, or require a Participant to remit to the Company, the 
amount of any taxes that the Company may be required to withhold with 
respect to any taxable event arising from such Participant’s Awards.


20.2    Share Withholding. For Participants who are Employees, unless a 
different form of remittance is agreed to in writing by the Company 
pursuant to Section 20.1, upon the lapse of restrictions on a Participant’s 
Restricted Stock and Restricted Stock Units, or any other taxable event 
arising as a result of an Award granted hereunder, the Company shall 
withhold Shares having a Fair Market Value not in excess of the amount of 
the tax withholding requirements with respect to any such taxable event 
based on the maximum statutory withholding rates for the Participant for 
federal, state and local tax purposes (including the Participant’s share of 
payroll or similar taxes) in the applicable jurisdiction.


20.3    Option or SAR Withholding.  Upon the exercise of a Non-Qualified 
Option or a SAR, the Company shall have the right to: (i) require such 
Participant (or such Participant’s Representative) to pay the Company the 
amount of any taxes which the Company may be required to withhold with 
respect to such exercise, or (ii) deduct from all amounts paid in cash with 
respect to the exercise of a SAR the amount of any taxes which the Company 
may be required to withhold with respect to such cash amounts. Subject to 
the limitation set forth in the next sentence, a Participant or such 
Participant’s Representative may elect to satisfy all or any portion of the 
tax withholding obligations arising from the exercise of an Option or SAR 
either by: (i) any of the methods described in Section 8.3(b); or (ii) 
directing the Company to withhold Shares that would otherwise be issued 
pursuant to such exercise. No Participant or Participant’s Representative 
shall have the right to utilize Constructive or Actual Delivery of Shares 
or have Shares withheld, in either case, to the extent that, the Fair 
Market Value of such Shares delivered or withheld on the date of exercise 
exceeds the amount required to be delivered or withheld to meet tax 
withholding requirements, based on the maximum statutory withholding rates 
for the Participant for federal, state and local tax purposes (including 
the Participant’s share of payroll or similar taxes) in the applicable 
jurisdiction.



26



------------------------------------------------------------------------

Article 21    Successors


All obligations of the Company under the Plan with respect to Awards 
granted hereunder shall be binding on any successor to the Company, whether 
the existence of such successor is the result of a direct or indirect 
purchase, merger, consolidation, or otherwise, of all or substantially all 
of the business and/or assets of the Company.


Article 22    General Provisions


22.1    Gender and Number. Except where otherwise indicated by the context, 
any masculine term used herein also shall include the feminine, the plural 
shall include the singular, and the singular shall include the plural.


22.2    Severability. In the event that any provision of the Plan shall for 
any reason be held illegal, invalid or unenforceable in any jurisdiction, 
or would disqualify the Plan or any Award under any law, rule or regulation 
deemed applicable by the Committee, such provision shall be construed or 
deemed amended to the minimum extent necessary to conform to such 
applicable law, rule or regulation or if it cannot be so construed or 
deemed amended without, in the determination of the Committee, materially 
altering the purpose or intent of the Plan or the Award, such provision 
shall be stricken as to such jurisdiction or Award, and the remainder of 
the Plan or any such Award shall remain in full force and effect.


22.3    Requirements of Law. The granting of Awards and the issuance of 
Shares under the Plan shall be subject to all applicable laws, rules and 
regulations, and to such approvals by any governmental agencies or national 
securities exchanges as may be required.


22.4    Delivery of Title. The Company shall have no obligation to issue or 
deliver evidence of title for Shares issued under the Plan prior to:


(a)    Obtaining any approvals from governmental agencies or national 
securities exchanges that the Company determines are necessary or 
advisable; and


(b)    Completion of any registration or other qualification of the Shares 
under any applicable securities, “Blue Sky” or other laws that the Company 
determines to be necessary or advisable.


22.5    Inability to Obtain Authority. The inability of the Company to 
obtain authority from any regulatory body having jurisdiction, which 
authority is deemed by the Company’s counsel to be necessary to the lawful 
issuance and sale of any Shares hereunder, shall relieve the Company of any 
liability in respect of the failure to issue or sell such Shares as to 
which such requisite authority shall not have been obtained.



27



------------------------------------------------------------------------

22.6    Investment Representations. The Committee may require any 
individual receiving Shares pursuant to an Award under the Plan to 
represent and warrant in writing that the individual is acquiring the 
Shares for investment and without any present intention to sell or 
distribute such Shares.


22.7    Unfunded Plan.  Participants shall have no right, title, or 
interest whatsoever in or to any investments that the Company, and/or its 
Affiliates may make to aid it in meeting its obligations under the Plan. 
Nothing contained in the Plan, and no action taken pursuant to its 
provisions, shall create or be construed to create a trust of any kind, or 
a fiduciary relationship between the Company and any Participant, 
beneficiary, legal representative, or any other individual. To the extent 
that any person acquires a right to receive payments from the Company, its 
Affiliates under the Plan, such right shall be no greater than the right of 
an unsecured general creditor of the Company or an Affiliate, as the case 
may be. All payments to be made hereunder shall be paid from the general 
assets of the Company or an Affiliate, as the case may be and no special or 
separate fund shall be established and no segregation of assets shall be 
made to assure payment of such amounts except as expressly set forth in the 
Plan.


22.8    No Fractional Shares. No fractional Shares shall be issued or 
delivered pursuant to the Plan or any Award. The Committee shall determine 
whether cash, Awards, or other property shall be issued or paid in lieu of 
fractional Shares or whether such fractional Shares or any rights thereto 
shall be forfeited or otherwise eliminated.


22.9    Non-Exclusivity of the Plan. The adoption of the Plan shall not be 
construed as creating any limitations on the power of the Board or 
Committee to adopt such other compensation arrangements as it may deem 
desirable for any Participant.


22.10    No Constraint on Corporate Action. Nothing in the Plan shall be 
construed to: (a) limit, impair, or otherwise affect the Company’s or an 
Affiliate’s right or power to make adjustments, reclassifications, 
reorganizations, or changes of its capital or business structure, or to 
merge or consolidate, or dissolve, liquidate, sell, or transfer all or any 
part of its business or assets; or (b) limit the right or power of the 
Company or an Affiliate to take any action which such entity deems to be 
necessary or appropriate.


22.11    Non-Uniform Treatment. The Committee’s determinations under the 
Plan need not be uniform and may be made by it selectively among 
Participants or individuals who are eligible to receive Awards (whether or 
not such individuals are similarly situated). Without limiting the 
generality of the foregoing, the Committee will be entitled, among other 
things, to make non-uniform and selective determinations, amendments and 
adjustments, and to enter into non-uniform and selective Award Agreements, 
as to Participants under the Plan and the terms and conditions applicable 
to Awards made under the Plan.



28



------------------------------------------------------------------------

22.12    Governing Law. The Plan and each Award Agreement shall be governed 
by the laws of the State of Delaware, excluding any conflicts or choice of 
law rule or principle that might otherwise refer construction or 
interpretation of the Plan to the substantive law of another jurisdiction. 
Unless otherwise provided in the Award Agreement, recipients of an Award 
under the Plan are deemed to submit to the exclusive jurisdiction and venue 
of the federal or state courts of Delaware and Illinois, to resolve any and 
all issues that may arise out of or relate to the Plan or any related Award 
Agreement.




29

