 EX-10.1 2 fift_ex101.htm INDEMNIFICATION AGREEMENT
EXHIBIT 10.1
 
INDEMNIFICATION AGREEMENT
 
This Indemnification Agreement (the “Agreement”) is made as of February 10, 
2017, by and between Stony Hill Corp., a Nevada corporation (the 
“Company”), and Chris Bridges (the “Indemnitee”).
 
RECITALS
 
The Company and Indemnitee recognize the increasing difficulty in obtaining 
liability insurance for directors, officers and key employees, the 
significant increases in the cost of such insurance and the general 
reductions in the coverage of such insurance. The Company and Indemnitee 
further recognize the substantial increase in corporate litigation in 
general, subjecting directors, officers and key employees to expensive 
litigation risks at the same time as the availability and coverage of 
liability insurance has been severely limited. Indemnitee does not regard 
the current protection available as adequate under the present 
circumstances, and Indemnitee and agents of the Company may not be willing 
to continue to serve as agents of the Company without additional 
protection. The Company desires to attract and retain the services of 
highly qualified individuals, such as Indemnitee, and to indemnify its 
directors, officers and key employees so as to provide them with the 
maximum protection permitted by law.
 
AGREEMENT
 
In consideration of the mutual promises made in this Agreement, and for 
other good and valuable consideration, receipt of which is hereby 
acknowledged, the Company and Indemnitee hereby agree as follows:
 
1. Indemnification.
 
(a) Third Party Proceedings. The Company shall indemnify Indemnitee if 
Indemnitee is or was a party or is threatened to be made a party to any 
threatened, pending or completed action, suit or proceeding, whether civil, 
criminal, administrative or investigative (other than an action by or in 
the right of the Company) by reason of the fact that Indemnitee is or was a 
director, officer, employee or agent of the Company, or any subsidiary of 
the Company, by reason of any action or inaction on the part of Indemnitee 
while an officer or director or by reason of the fact that Indemnitee is or 
was serving at the request of the Company as a director, officer, employee 
or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other 
enterprise, against expenses (including attorneys’ fees), judgments, fines 
and amounts paid in settlement (if such settlement is approved in advance 
by the Company, which approval shall not be unreasonably withheld) actually 
and reasonably incurred by Indemnitee in connection with such action, suit 
or proceeding if Indemnitee acted in good faith and in a manner Indemnitee 
reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the 
Company, and, with respect to any criminal action or proceeding, had no 
reasonable cause to believe Indemnitee’s conduct was unlawful. The 
termination of any action, suit or proceeding by judgment, order, 
settlement, conviction, or upon a plea of nolo contendere or its 
equivalent, shall not, of itself, create a presumption that Indemnitee did 
not act in good faith and in a manner which Indemnitee reasonably believed 
to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Company, or, with 
respect to any criminal action or proceeding, that Indemnitee had 
reasonable cause to believe that Indemnitee’s conduct was unlawful.
 
 
1
 
 
(b) Proceedings by or in the right of the Company. The Company shall 
indemnify Indemnitee if Indemnitee was or is a party or is threatened to be 
made a party to any threatened, pending or completed action or proceeding 
by or in the right of the Company or any subsidiary of the Company to 
procure a judgment in its favor by reason of the fact that Indemnitee is or 
was a director, officer, employee or agent of the Company, or any 
subsidiary of the Company, by reason of any action or inaction on the part 
of Indemnitee while an officer or director or by reason of the fact that 
Indemnitee is or was serving at the request of the Company as a director, 
officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint 
venture, trust or other enterprise, against expenses (including attorneys’ 
fees) and, to the fullest extent permitted by law, amounts paid in 
settlement (if such settlement is approved in advance by the Company, which 
approval shall not be unreasonably withheld), in each case to the extent 
actually and reasonably incurred by Indemnitee in connection with the 
defense or settlement of such action or suit if Indemnitee acted in good 
faith and in a manner Indemnitee reasonably believed to be in or not 
opposed to the best interests of the Company and its stockholders, except 
that no indemnification shall be made in respect of any claim, issue or 
matter as to which Indemnitee shall have been finally adjudicated by court 
order or judgment to be liable to the Company in the performance of 
Indemnitee’s duty to the Company and its stockholders unless and only to 
the extent that the court in which such action or proceeding is or was 
pending shall determine upon application that, in view of all the 
circumstances of the case, Indemnitee is fairly and reasonably entitled to 
indemnity for such expenses which such court shall deem proper.
 
(c) Mandatory Payment of Expenses. To the extent that Indemnitee has been 
successful on the merits or otherwise in defense of any action, suit or 
proceeding referred to in Section 1(a) or Section 1(b) or the defense of 
any claim, issue or matter therein, Indemnitee shall be indemnified against 
expenses (including attorneys’ fees) actually and reasonably incurred by 
Indemnitee in connection therewith.
 
2. No Employment Rights. Nothing contained in this Agreement is intended to 
create in Indemnitee any right to continued employment.
 
3. Expenses; Indemnification Procedure.
 
(a) Advancement of Expenses. The Company shall advance all expenses 
incurred by Indemnitee in connection with the investigation, defense, 
settlement or appeal of any civil or criminal action, suit or proceeding 
referred to in Section l(a) or Section 1(b) hereof (including amounts 
actually paid in settlement of any such action, suit or proceeding). 
Indemnitee hereby undertakes to repay such amounts advanced only if, and to 
the extent that, it shall ultimately be determined that Indemnitee is not 
entitled to be indemnified by the Company as authorized hereby.
 
 
2
 
  
(b) Notice/Cooperation by Indemnitee. Indemnitee shall, as a condition 
precedent to his or her right to be indemnified under this Agreement, give 
the Company notice in writing as soon as practicable of any claim made 
against Indemnitee for which indemnification will or could be sought under 
this Agreement. Notice to the Company shall be directed to the Chief 
Executive Officer of the Company and shall be given in accordance with the 
provisions of Section 12(d) below. In addition, Indemnitee shall give the 
Company such information and cooperation as it may reasonably require and 
as shall be within Indemnitee’s power.
 
(c) Procedure. Any indemnification and advances provided for in Section 1 
and this Section 3 shall be made no later than twenty (20) days after 
receipt of the written request of Indemnitee. If a claim under this 
Agreement, under any statute, or under any provision of the Company’s 
Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws providing for indemnification, is not 
paid in full by the Company within twenty (20) days after a written request 
for payment thereof has first been received by the Company, Indemnitee may, 
but need not, at any time thereafter bring an action against the Company to 
recover the unpaid amount of the claim and, subject to Section 11 of this 
Agreement, Indemnitee shall also be entitled to be paid for the expenses 
(including attorneys’ fees) of bringing such action. It shall be a defense 
to any such action (other than an action brought to enforce a claim for 
expenses incurred in connection with any action, suit or proceeding in 
advance of its final disposition) that Indemnitee has not met the standards 
of conduct which make it permissible under applicable law for the Company 
to indemnify Indemnitee for the amount claimed, but the burden of proving 
such defense shall be on the Company and Indemnitee shall be entitled to 
receive interim payments of expenses pursuant to Section 3(a) unless and 
until such defense may be finally adjudicated by court order or judgment 
from which no further right of appeal exists. It is the parties’ intention 
that if the Company contests Indemnitee’s right to indemnification, the 
question of Indemnitee’s right to indemnification shall be for the court to 
decide, and neither the failure of the Company (including its Board of 
Directors, any committee or subgroup of the Board of Directors, independent 
legal counsel, or its stockholders) to have made a determination that 
indemnification of Indemnitee is proper in the circumstances because 
Indemnitee has met the applicable standard of conduct required by 
applicable law, nor an actual determination by the Company (including its 
Board of Directors, any committee or subgroup of the Board of Directors, 
independent legal counsel, or its stockholders) that Indemnitee has not met 
such applicable standard of conduct, shall create a presumption that 
Indemnitee has or has not met the applicable standard of conduct.
 
(d) Notice to Insurers. If, at the time of the receipt of a notice of a 
claim pursuant to Section 3(b) hereof, the Company has director and officer 
liability insurance in effect, the Company shall give prompt notice of the 
commencement of such proceeding to the insurers in accordance with the 
procedures set forth in the respective policies. The Company shall 
thereafter take all necessary or desirable action to cause such insurers to 
pay, on behalf of the Indemnitee, all amounts payable as a result of such 
proceeding in accordance with the terms of such policies.
 
(e) Selection of Counsel. In the event the Company shall be obligated under 
Section 3(a) hereof to pay the expenses of any proceeding against 
Indemnitee, the Company, if appropriate, shall be entitled to assume the 
defense of such proceeding, with counsel approved by Indemnitee, upon the 
delivery to Indemnitee of written notice of its election so to do. After 
delivery of such notice, approval of such counsel by Indemnitee and the 
retention of such counsel by the Company, the Company will not be liable to 
Indemnitee under this Agreement for any fees of counsel subsequently 
incurred by Indemnitee with respect to the same proceeding, provided that 
(i) Indemnitee shall have the right to employ counsel in any such 
proceeding at Indemnitee’s expense; and (ii) if (A) the employment of 
counsel by Indemnitee has been previously authorized by the Company, (B) 
Indemnitee shall have reasonably concluded that there may be a conflict of 
interest between the Company and Indemnitee in the conduct of any such 
defense or (C) the Company shall not, in fact, have employed counsel to 
assume the defense of such proceeding, then the fees and expenses of 
Indemnitee’s counsel shall be at the expense of the Company.
 
 
3
 
  
4. Additional Indemnification Rights; Nonexclusivity.
 
(a) Scope. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, the 
Company hereby agrees to indemnify the Indemnitee to the fullest extent 
permitted by law, notwithstanding that such indemnification is not 
specifically authorized by the other provisions of this Agreement, the 
Company’s Articles of Incorporation, the Company’s Bylaws or by statute. In 
the event of any change, after the date of this Agreement, in any 
applicable law, statute, or rule which expands the right of a Nevada 
corporation to indemnify a member of its board of directors or an officer, 
such changes shall be deemed to be within the purview of Indemnitee’s 
rights and the Company’s obligations under this Agreement. In the event of 
any change in any applicable law, statute or rule which narrows the right 
of a Nevada corporation to indemnify a member of its board of directors or 
an officer, such changes, to the extent not otherwise required by such law, 
statute or rule to be applied to this Agreement shall have no effect on 
this Agreement or the parties’ rights and obligations hereunder.
 
(b) Nonexclusivity. The indemnification provided by this Agreement shall 
not be deemed exclusive of any rights to which Indemnitee may be entitled 
under the Company’s Articles of Incorporation, its Bylaws, any agreement, 
any vote of stockholders or disinterested members of the Company’s Board of 
Directors, Chapter 78 of the Nevada Revised Statutes, or otherwise, both as 
to action in Indemnitee’s official capacity and as to action in another 
capacity while holding such office. The indemnification provided under this 
Agreement shall continue as to Indemnitee for any action taken or not taken 
while serving in an indemnified capacity even though he or she may have 
ceased to serve in any such capacity at the time of any action, suit or 
other covered proceeding.
 
5. Partial Indemnification. If Indemnitee is entitled under any provision 
of this Agreement to indemnification by the Company for some or a portion 
of the expenses, judgments, fines or penalties actually or reasonably 
incurred in the investigation, defense, appeal or settlement of any civil 
or criminal action, suit or proceeding, but not, however, for the total 
amount thereof, the Company shall nevertheless indemnify Indemnitee for the 
portion of such expenses, judgments, fines or penalties to which Indemnitee 
is entitled.
 
 
4
 
 
6. Mutual Acknowledgment. Both the Company and Indemnitee acknowledge that 
in certain instances, Federal law or public policy may override applicable 
state law and prohibit the Company from indemnifying its directors and 
officers under this Agreement or otherwise. For example, the Company and 
Indemnitee acknowledge that the Securities and Exchange Commission (the 
“SEC”) has taken the position that indemnification is not permissible for 
liabilities arising under certain federal securities laws, and federal 
legislation prohibits indemnification for certain ERISA violations. 
Indemnitee understands and acknowledges that the Company has undertaken or 
may be required in the future to undertake with the SEC to submit the 
question of indemnification to a court in certain circumstances for a 
determination of the Company’s right under public policy to indemnify 
Indemnitee.
 
7. Officer and Director Liability Insurance. The Company shall, from time 
to time, make the good faith determination whether or not it is practicable 
for the Company to obtain and maintain a policy or policies of insurance 
with reputable insurance companies providing the officers and directors of 
the Company with coverage for losses from wrongful acts, or to ensure the 
Company’s performance of its indemnification obligations under this 
Agreement. Among other considerations, the Company will weigh the costs of 
obtaining such insurance coverage against the protection afforded by such 
coverage. In all policies of director and officer liability insurance, 
Indemnitee shall be named as an insured in such a manner as to provide 
Indemnitee the same rights and benefits as are accorded to the most 
favorably insured of the Company’s directors, if Indemnitee is a director; 
or of the Company’s officers, if Indemnitee is not a director of the 
Company but is an officer; or of the Company’s key employees, if Indemnitee 
is not an officer or director but is a key employee. Notwithstanding the 
foregoing, the Company shall have no obligation to obtain or maintain such 
insurance if the Company determines in good faith that such insurance is 
not reasonably available, if the premium costs for such insurance are 
disproportionate to the amount of coverage provided, if the coverage 
provided by such insurance is limited by exclusions so as to provide an 
insufficient benefit, or if Indemnitee is covered by similar insurance 
maintained by a parent or subsidiary of the Company.
 
8. Severability. Nothing in this Agreement is intended to require or shall 
be construed as requiring the Company to do or fail to do any act in 
violation of applicable law. The Company’s inability, pursuant to court 
order, to perform its obligations under this Agreement shall not constitute 
a breach of this Agreement. The provisions of this Agreement shall be 
severable as provided in this Section 8. If this Agreement or any portion 
hereof shall be invalidated on any ground by any court of competent 
jurisdiction, then the Company shall nevertheless indemnify Indemnitee to 
the full extent permitted by any applicable portion of this Agreement that 
shall not have been invalidated, and the balance of this Agreement not so 
invalidated shall be enforceable in accordance with its terms.
 
9. Exceptions. Any other provision herein to the contrary notwithstanding, 
the Company shall not be obligated pursuant to the terms of this Agreement:
 
(a) Claims Initiated By Indemnitee. To indemnify or advance expenses to 
Indemnitee with respect to proceedings or claims initiated or brought 
voluntarily by Indemnitee and not by way of defense, except with respect to 
proceedings brought to establish or enforce a right to indemnification 
under this Agreement or any other statute or law or otherwise as required 
under the Chapter 78 of the Nevada Revised Statutes, but such 
indemnification or advancement of expenses may be provided by the Company 
in specific cases if the Board of Directors finds it to be appropriate;
 
 
5
 
 
(b) Lack of Good Faith. To indemnify Indemnitee for any expenses incurred 
by Indemnitee with respect to any proceeding instituted by Indemnitee to 
enforce or interpret this Agreement, if a court of competent jurisdiction 
determines that each of the material assertions made by Indemnitee in such 
proceeding was not made in good faith or was frivolous;
 
(c) Insured Claims. To indemnify Indemnitee for expenses or liabilities of 
any type whatsoever (including, but not limited to, judgments, fines, ERISA 
excise taxes or penalties, and amounts paid in settlement) to the extent 
such expenses or liabilities have been paid directly to Indemnitee by an 
insurance carrier under a policy of officers’ and directors’ liability 
insurance maintained by the Company; or
 
(d) Claims Under Section 16(b). To indemnify Indemnitee for expenses or the 
payment of profits arising from the purchase and sale by Indemnitee of 
securities in violation of Section 16(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 
1934, as amended, or any similar successor statute.
 
10. Construction of Certain Phrases.
 
(a) For purposes of this Agreement, references to the “Company” shall 
include, in addition to the resulting corporation, any constituent 
corporation (including any constituent of a constituent) absorbed in a 
consolidation or merger which, if its separate existence had continued, 
would have had power and authority to indemnify its directors, officers, 
and employees or agents, so that if Indemnitee is or was a director, 
officer, employee or agent of such constituent corporation, or is or was 
serving at the request of such constituent corporation as a director, 
officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint 
venture, trust or other enterprise, Indemnitee shall stand in the same 
position under the provisions of this Agreement with respect to the 
resulting or surviving corporation as Indemnitee would have with respect to 
such constituent corporation if its separate existence had continued.
 
(b) For purposes of this Agreement, references to “fines” shall include any 
excise taxes assessed on Indemnitee with respect to an employee benefit 
plan; and references to “serving at the request of the company” shall 
include any service as a director, officer, employee or agent of the 
Company which imposes duties on, or involves services by, such director, 
officer, employee or agent with respect to an employee benefit plan, its 
participants, or beneficiaries; and if Indemnitee acted in good faith and 
in a manner Indemnitee reasonably believed to be in the interest of the 
participants and beneficiaries of an employee benefit plan, Indemnitee 
shall be deemed to have acted in a manner “not opposed to the best 
interests of the Company” as referred to in this Agreement.
 
11. Attorneys’ Fees. In the event that any action is instituted by 
Indemnitee under this Agreement to enforce or interpret any of the terms 
hereof, Indemnitee shall be entitled to be paid all court costs and 
expenses, including reasonable attorneys’ fees, incurred by Indemnitee with 
respect to such action, unless as a part of such action, the court of 
competent jurisdiction determines that each of the material assertions made 
by Indemnitee as a basis for such action were not made in good faith or 
were frivolous. In the event of an action instituted by or in the name of 
the Company under this Agreement or to enforce or interpret any of the 
terms of this Agreement, Indemnitee shall be entitled to be paid all court 
costs and expenses, including attorneys’ fees, incurred by Indemnitee in 
defense of such action (including with respect to Indemnitee’s 
counterclaims and cross-claims made in such action), unless as a part of 
such action the court determines that each of Indemnitee’s material 
defenses to such action were made in bad faith or were frivolous.
 
 
6
 
 
12. Miscellaneous.
 
(a) Governing Law. This Agreement and all acts and transactions pursuant 
hereto and the rights and obligations of the parties hereto shall be 
governed, construed and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the 
State of Nevada, without giving effect to principles of conflict of law.
 
(b) Entire Agreement; Enforcement of Rights. This Agreement sets forth the 
entire agreement and understanding of the parties relating to the subject 
matter herein and merges all prior discussions between them. No 
modification of or amendment to this Agreement, nor any waiver of any 
rights under this Agreement, shall be effective unless in writing signed by 
the parties to this Agreement. The failure by either party to enforce any 
rights under this Agreement shall not be construed as a waiver of any 
rights of such party.
 
(c) Construction. This Agreement is the result of negotiations between and 
has been reviewed by each of the parties hereto and their respective 
counsel, if any; accordingly, this Agreement shall be deemed to be the 
product of all of the parties hereto, and no ambiguity shall be construed 
in favor of or against any one of the parties hereto.
 
(d) Notices. Any notice, demand or request required or permitted to be 
given under this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed 
sufficient when delivered via e-mail with receipt acknowledged, personally 
or forty-eight (48) hours after being deposited in the U.S. mail, as 
certified or registered mail, with postage prepaid, and addressed to the 
party to be notified at such party’s address as set forth below or as 
subsequently modified by written notice.
 
(e) Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in two or more 
counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original and all of which 
together shall constitute one instrument.
 
(f) Successors and Assigns. This Agreement shall be binding upon the 
Company and its successors and assigns, and inure to the benefit of 
Indemnitee and Indemnitee’s heirs, legal representatives and assigns.
 
(g) Subrogation. In the event of payment under this Agreement, the Company 
shall be subrogated to the extent of such payment to all of the rights of 
recovery of Indemnitee, who shall execute all documents required and shall 
do all acts that may be necessary to secure such rights and to enable the 
Company to effectively bring suit to enforce such rights.
 
[signature page follows]
 
 
7
 
 
The parties hereto have executed this Agreement as of the day and year set 
forth on the first page of this Agreement.
 

The Company:

STONY HILL CORP.
  	  	 
By: 	/s/ John Brady 	
Name:
John Brady 	 
Title: 	Secretary 	 
 
Address: 2355 Westwood Blvd., Suite 349
                 Los Angeles, California 90064
 
AGREED TO AND ACCEPTED:
 
Indemnitee:
 
/s/ Chris Bridges                                                           
    
(Signature)
 
Print Name: Chris Bridges
 
Address: _________________________
 
_________________________
 
 
8
 