 EX-10.1 2 rtnb_ex101.htm PROMISSORY NOTE
 
 Exhibit 10.1
 
PROMISSORY NOTE
 
$245,000  
February 8, 2017
        
 
FOR VALUE RECEIVED, ROOT9B holdings, INC., a Delaware corporation (“Maker”
), hereby promises to pay to the order of JOSEPH J. GRANO, JR. (“Payee”), 
the principal sum of Two Hundred Forty Five Thousand Dollars ($245,000) 
(the “Note”) on or before February 9, 2018 (the “Maturity Date”).
 
1. Interest. Interest will accrue on the unpaid principal amount hereof at 
the rate of 4% per annum, payable at the Maturity Date. All accrued 
interest shall be computed on the basis of a 360-day year consisting of 
twelve 30-day months, and shall be payable on the date the outstanding 
principal amount hereof shall become due and payable, whether on the 
Maturity Date or by acceleration or otherwise. Payments of principal and 
interest shall be made by check mailed to Payee at its address listed 
above, or at such other address or by wire transfer in accordance with 
instructions hereafter designated by Payee to Maker. All payments shall be 
applied first to interest then due, if any, then to principal.
 
2. Prepayment. Maker may prepay all or any part of the unpaid principal 
amount and accrued interest at any time without premium or penalty.
 
3. Event of Default. If any of the following events (“Events of Default”) 
occurs:
 
(a)           default by Maker of any payment of principal and/or interest 
hereunder;
 
(b)           the filing of any petition or the commencement of any 
proceedings against Maker for any relief under bankruptcy or insolvency 
laws, or any laws relating to the relief of debtors, readjustment of 
indebtedness, reorganizations, compositions, or extension, which proceeding 
is not dismissed within sixty (60) days;
 
(c)           Maker makes a general assignment for the benefit of 
creditors, or files a voluntary petition in bankruptcy or is adjudicated as 
bankrupt or insolvent, or files any petition or answer seeking for itself 
any reorganization, arrangement, composition, readjustment, liquidation, 
dissolution or similar relief under any present or future statute, law or 
regulation, or files any answer admitting or not contesting the material 
allegations of a petition filed against Maker in any such proceeding or 
seeks or consents to or acquiesce in the appointment of any trustee, 
receiver or liquidator of Maker; or
 
(d)           Maker voluntarily or involuntarily ceases operations;
 
then, and in any such event, subject to the terms herein, (i) upon the 
occurrence of an Event of Default described in Section 3(b) or 3(c), the 
unpaid principal amount of this Note, together with accrued interest 
thereon, shall automatically become immediately due and payable, without 
presentment, demand, protest or other requirements of any kind, all of 
which are hereby expressly waived by Maker, and (ii) upon the occurrence 
and continuation of any other Event of Default, the holder hereof may, upon 
written notice to Maker, declare the Note to be due and payable, whereupon 
the principal amount of the Note, together with accrued interest thereon, 
shall automatically become immediately due and payable, without any other 
notice of any kind, and without presentment, demand, protest or other 
requirements of any kind, all of which are hereby expressly waived by 
Maker.
  
In case any one or more Events of Default shall occur and be continuing, 
subject to the terms herein, Payee may proceed to protect and enforce its 
rights by an action at law, suit in equity or other appropriate proceeding, 
whether for the specific performance of any covenant contained in this 
Note, or for an injunction against a violation of any of the terms hereof, 
or in aid of the exercise of any power granted hereby or by law. In case of 
any Event of Default under this Note, Maker will pay to Payee such amounts 
as shall be sufficient to cover the costs and expenses of Payee incurred in 
enforcing Payee’s rights under this Note, including, without limitation, 
collection costs and reasonable attorneys’ fees.
 
4. General.
 
(a)           Amendments and Waivers. Any term of this Note may be amended 
and the observance of any term thereof may be waived (either generally or 
in a particular instance) only with the written consent of Maker and of 
Payee. Any amendment or waiver effected in accordance with this section 
shall be binding upon each subsequent holder of this Note.
 
(b)  Assignments, Successors, and No Third-Party Rights. Neither Maker nor 
the Payee may assign any of its rights under this Note without the prior 
written consent of the other party. Subject to the preceding sentence, this 
Note will apply to, be binding in all respects upon, and inure to the 
benefit of and be enforceable by the respective successors and permitted 
assigns of Maker and the Payee.
 
 
1

 
 
(c) Severability. If any provision of this Note is held invalid or 
unenforceable by any court of competent jurisdiction, the other provisions 
of this Note will remain in full force and effect. Any provision of this 
Note held invalid or unenforceable only in part or degree will remain in 
full force and effect to the extent not held invalid or unenforceable.
 
(d) Section Headings. The headings of Articles and Sections in this Note 
are provided for convenience only and will not affect its construction or 
interpretation. All references to “Article” or “Articles” or “Section” or 
“Sections” refer to the corresponding Article or Articles or Section or 
Sections of this Note, unless the context indicates otherwise.
 
(e) Governing Law; Submission to Jurisdiction. This Note will be deemed to 
have been made and delivered in New York County, New York and will be 
governed as to validity, interpretation, construction, effect and in all 
other respects by the internal laws of the State of New York, without 
regard to conflicts of Laws principles. Maker and the undersigned (i) agree 
that any legal suit, action or proceeding arising out of or relating to 
this Note shall be instituted exclusively in New York State Supreme Court, 
County of New York, or in the United States District Court for the Southern 
District of New York, and (ii) irrevocably consent to the jurisdiction of 
the New York State Supreme Court, County of Suffolk, and the United States 
District Court for the Southern District of New York in any such suit, 
action or proceeding.
 
 (f) Waiver of Jury Trial. EACH OF THE PARTIES HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES 
ANY AND ALL RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF 
OR RELATED TO THIS NOTE OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY.
 
[Signature page follows.]
 

2

 
 
 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Maker executed and delivered this Note as of the date 
first above written.
 
 
 
 
 
 
ROOT9B HOLDINGS, INC.
 
 
 
 
 
 
By:
/s/ Dan Wachtler
 
 
Name:
Dan Wachtler
 
 
Title:
President & Chief Operating Officer
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
3