 EX-10.01 2 v458432_ex10-01.htm EXHIBIT 10.01
 
Exhibit 10.01
 
December 2, 2016
 
Dynasil Corporation of America
44 Hunt Street
Watertown, MA 02472
Attn: Robert Bowdring, Chief Financial Officer
 
    Re:       Second Amendment of Loan Agreement
 
Gentlemen:
 
Reference is made to that certain Loan and Security Agreement dated May 1, 
2014, as amended by a certain Line of Credit Modification dated September 
29, 2015, as further amended from time to time (the “Loan Agreement”) by 
and between Middlesex Savings Bank (the “Lender”) and Dynasil Corporation 
of America (the “Borrower”). The Loan Agreement is hereby amended, 
effective immediately, as follows:
 
1.       Defined terms used herein and not otherwise defined shall have the 
meanings ascribed to them in the Loan Agreement.
     
2.       Sections 3.4 and 4.9 of the Loan Agreement are hereby deleted in 
their entirety and the following new Sections 3.4 and 4.9 substituted 
therefor, as follows:
     
              “3.4      Loans and Investments. Make any loan or advance
    (other than in the ordinary course of business and other than
    inter-company loans made to a Guarantor) or declare any dividends or
    make any distributions to any individual or entity or make any
    investment in or with any individual or entity, except that (i)
    Borrower may pay dividends, provided that no Event of Default exists at
    the time of the proposed dividend and that after giving effect to such
    dividends, Borrower is in compliance with the financial covenants set
    forth in Section 4.9 and 4.9(a) of this Agreement, and (ii) Borrower
    may distribute up to $600,000.00 to Dynasil Biomedical Corp. (‘
    Biomedical’) in the fiscal quarter ending December 31, 2016 and up to
    an additional $600,000.00 to Biomedical prior to the end of the fiscal
    quarter ending September 30, 2018, such distributions to be utilized by
    Biomedical solely for the purpose of investing in Xcede Technologies (a
    joint venture between Biomedical and the Mayo Clinic), provided that no
    Event of Default exists at the time of the proposed distribution or
    after giving effect thereto and Borrower remains in compliance with the
    financial covenants contained in this Agreement.”
     

 

 

     
              “4.9      Debt Service Coverage. At the close of each fiscal
    quarter of Borrower, maintain a Debt Service Coverage ratio of at least
    1.2 to 1.0 for the prior 12 month period. ‘Debt Service Coverage’ as
    used herein shall be determined for the relevant period, and shall mean
    (i) EBITDA excluding non-cash and/or non-recurring expenditures or
    gains as permitted and the operating income or loss of the Xcede
    Technologies joint venture before inter-company overhead allocation
    from Borrower to Biomedical and Xcede Technologies, minus unfinanced
    capital expenditures, minus dividends and distributions (exclusive of
    the $600,000.00 distribution from the Borrower to Biomedical as of the
    end of the fiscal quarter ending December 31, 2016, but including any
    and all subsequent distributions from the Borrower to Biomedical),
    minus cash taxes paid for ongoing operations, divided by (ii) scheduled
    interest and principal payments made on all debt.”
     
Except as specifically amended hereby, the Loan Agreement remains in full 
force and effect and the Borrower hereby reaffirms all representations and 
warranties contained therein, as of the date hereof.
 
Please acknowledge your acceptance of the foregoing by signing this letter 
in the space provided and returning it to the undersigned, whereupon it 
shall take effect as an instrument under seal.
 
  	Very truly yours, 	 
  	  	 
  	MIDDLESEX SAVINGS BANK 	 
  	  	  	 
  	By: 	/s/ Tony Zhang 	 
  	  	Tony Zhang, Senior Vice President 	 
 
ACCEPTED AND AGREED TO:
 
DYNASIL CORPORATION OF AMERICA
(Borrower)
 
By: 	 /s/ Robert Bowdring 	 
  	Robert Bowdring, Chief Financial Officer 	 
 
ACKNOWLEDGED BY GUARANTORS:
 
OPTOMETRICS CORPORATION
 
By: 	 /s/ Robert Bowdring 	 
 

  	2 	 

 

 
RADIATION MONITORING DEVICES, INC.
 
By: 	 /s/ Robert Bowdring 	 
 
RMD INSTRUMENTS CORP.
 
By: 	 /s/ Robert Bowdring 	 
 
EVAPORATED METAL FILMS CORP.
 
By: 	
/s/ Robert Bowdring 
 
 
DYNASIL BIOMEDICAL CORP.
 
By: 	
/s/ Robert Bowdring 
 
 

  	3 	 