 EX-10.1 2 exh101shaknovich2017.htm EXHIBIT 10.1



 CANCER GENETICS, INC.

 EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT


 This Employment Agreement (this "Agreement") is entered into as of the
 date of the last signature hereto ("Effective Date"), by and between
 Cancer Genetics, Inc., a Delaware corporation with its corporate
 headquarters at 201 Route 17 North, 2nd Floor, Rutherford, NJ 07070 (the
 "Company"), and Dr. Rita Shaknovich, ("Employee").

 In consideration of the mutual covenants and conditions set forth herein,
 and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of
 which is hereby acknowledged, the parties hereby agree as follows:

  1.
Employment.    The Company hereby employs Employee in the capacity of the 
Chief Medical Officer (“CMO”) and Chair of the Clinical Advisory Board of 
the Company, reporting directly to the President and Chief Executive 
Officer of the Company (the "CEO"). Employee accepts such employment and 
agrees to perform such roles and provide such management and other services 
for the Company as are customary to such office and such additional 
responsibilities, consistent with the position as the Company's Chief 
Medical Officer and Chair of the Clinical Advisory Board, as may be 
assigned from time to time by the CEO. Medical directors, both employees 
and consultants, will report to Employee and Employee will share the 
responsibility of managing the activity, workflow and quality of the 
clinical laboratory directors and their teams, and will be responsible for 
designing and implementing a plan for strategic unified clinical laboratory 
oversight and portfolio development.

  2.
Term.    The employment hereunder shall be for a period commencing on May 
28, 2017 (the "Commencement Date") and ending on the two (2)-year 
anniversary of the Commencement Date (the "Initial Term"), unless earlier 
terminated as provided in Section 4 or 5. This Agreement shall be 
automatically renewed for successive one (1)-year periods thereafter, 
commencing upon the expiration of the Initial Term, unless earlier 
terminated as provided in Section 4 or 5. Employee's employment following 
the Commencement Date will be on a full-time business basis requiring the 
devotion of substantially all of Employee’s productive business time for 
the efficient and successful operation of the business of the Company.

 3.
Compensation and Benefits.

       3.1
Cash Compensation.

        (a)    For the performance of Employee's duties hereunder following
        the Commencement Date, the Company shall pay Employee an annual
        salary in the amount of three hundred and sixteen thousand dollars
        ($316,000.00) (“Base Compensation”). The Base Compensation shall be
        paid in installments every two weeks over twenty-six (26) pay
        periods per year, based on and in accordance with Company's regular
        payroll procedures.

       3.2
Bonus Plan.

       (a)    Employee shall be entitled to participation in the
       performance bonus compensation plan further defined in Section
       3.2(b). Additional detail of the performance bonus compensation plan
       will be provided in written detail to Employee once the performance
       bonus compensation plan is adopted

Page 1 of 13
------------------------------------------------------------------------



       by the Board, which will occur within a reasonable time after the
       Commencement Date. Any bonus or incentive compensation paid to
       Employee shall be in addition to Base Compensation.
  
       (b)    Employee shall be eligible annually for a performance-based
       bonus of up to twenty percent (20%) of Base Compensation, or
       sixty-three thousand and two hundred dollars ($63,200.00). The
       amount of the bonus shall be determined by the Board and the Company
       CEO, based on their reasonable assessments of Employee's performance
       and the Company's performance against appropriate goals established
       annually by the Board or the Compensation Committee of the Board
       after consultation with the Employee, prior to the beginning of the
       period of time from which the performance of the Employee would be
       evaluated and measured for such bonus. If all such goals are
       achieved for a given period, the amount of the bonus will be up to
       twenty percent (20%) of Base Compensation for that period.
       Employee's bonus, as earned, shall be payable at the later of (i)
       the end of the first fiscal quarter of the company following the end
       of the period for which the bonus was earned, or (ii) upon the
       issuance of the independent auditors' report for the period ending
       when the bonus was earned. The first bonus period shall be for the
       period commencing on the Commencement Date and ending at the last
       day of the Company's fiscal year in which the Commencement Date
       occurs, unless the Board reasonably determines that results in a
       stub bonus period (defined as a period of three (3) months or less)
       that is so short as to be impractical (in which event the first
       bonus period shall be said stub bonus period plus the next full
       Company fiscal year after the Company fiscal year in which the
       Commencement Date occurs). Thereafter, the bonus plan period shall
       be the Company fiscal year.

 3.3    Stock Options and Restricted Stock Grant.

        (a)    From time to time the Company may grant to employee under
        the Company's Stock Option Plan (or its successor stock plan) to
        purchase shares of the Company's common stock at a stated exercise
        price per share.

        (b)    Effective on the Commencement Date, the Company shall grant
        to Employee a stock option under the 2011 Stock Option Plan (the
        "Plan") to purchase fifty thousand (50,000) shares of Common Stock,
        with the exercise price of the stock options fixed under the Plan
        as of the Commencement Date, with the option to be treated as an
        incentive stock option to the greatest extent permitted by law and
        a non-qualified stock option as to the balance, vesting in equal
        installments over a forty-eight (48)-month period beginning on the
        Commencement Date (the "Stock Options"). In the event of a Change
        of Control as defined in section 4 hereof, the Stock Options shall
        become subject to accelerated vesting conditions.

        3.4    Benefits. Employee and Employee’s dependents shall be
        entitled to such medical/dental, disability and life insurance
        coverage and such 401(k) plan and other retirement plan
        participation, vacation, sick leave and holiday benefits, if any,
        and any other benefits as are made available either to Company's
        other senior executives or to the Company's personnel generally,
        whichever is greater, all in accordance with the Company's benefits
        program in effect from time to time. The Employee is responsible
        for paying the employee's portion of the benefit costs consistent
        with other similarly situated employees of the Company. The
        medical/dental, disability and life benefits provided to Employee
        under this Section 3.4 shall continue until, and shall terminate,
        six (6) months after a Termination Event pursuant to Section 4 or
        Section 5 hereof, except to the extent that Employee receives
        comparable benefits at a future employer during the six (6) months
        after the Termination Event, in which case the pertinent benefits
        from the Company shall end upon Employee's enrollment in the future
        employer's benefit plan.


Page 2 of 13
------------------------------------------------------------------------



       3.5
Reimbursement of Expenses. Employee shall be entitled to be reimbursed for 
all reasonable expenses including the cost of travel for business; home 
office operation; business meals and entertainment, incurred by Employee in 
performing her tasks, duties and responsibilities under Section 2 or 
otherwise in connection with and reasonably related to the furtherance of 
the Company's business. Employee shall submit expense reports and receipts 
documenting the expenses incurred in accordance with Company policy, and 
will comply with using the Company's electronic travel and expense software 
and travel planning systems.

       3.6
Mobile Device & Phones. The Company shall provide a mobile phone that is 
compliant with the company policy and is HIPAA compliant. The Employee is 
welcome to use Employee’s own device or phone, but it must be registered 
with the Information Technology department and must follow the Company's 
"BYOD" (Bring Your Own Device) policies, including but not limited to 
setting up of passwords, backups of information and compliance with email 
and communication policies.

       3.7    Moving Expenses. Intentionally Omitted.

 4.
Change of Control.

       4.1    In the event of a termination of Employee's employment
       hereunder by the Company without Cause or by Employee with Good
       Reason, within twelve (12) months following a Change of Control, the
       Company will promptly pay Employee, in lieu of the amounts required
       under Section 5.2(b) and in addition to the amounts required under
       Sections 3.4, 3.5 and 5.2(a), a severance amount, payable in a lump
       sum immediately upon the later of such termination of employment or
       Employee's execution of a Release in the form attached as Exhibit A
       (which the Company shall execute contemporaneously), equal to twelve
       (12) months base compensation, plus an amount equal to the prior
       year bonus.

       4.2    In the event of a termination of Employee's employment
       hereunder by the Company with Cause or by Employee without Good
       Reason, within twelve (12) months following a Change of Control, the
       Company will promptly pay Employee, in lieu of the amounts required
       under Section 5.2(b) and in addition to the amounts required under
       Sections 3.4, 3.5 and 5.2(a), a severance amount, payable in a lump
       sum immediately upon the later of such termination of employment or
       Employee's execution of a Release in the form attached as Exhibit A
       (which the Company shall execute contemporaneously), equal to six
       (6) months base compensation, plus an amount equal to the prior year
       bonus.


       4.3    As used herein, a "Change of Control" of the Company shall
       mean any of the following:

            (i) the acquisition by any person(s) (individual, entity or
            affiliated or unaffiliated group) in one or a series of
            transactions (including, without limitation, issuance of shares
            by the Company or through merger of the Company with another
            entity) of direct or indirect record or beneficial ownership of
            50% or more of the voting power with respect to matters put to
            the vote of the shareholders of the Company and, for this
            purpose, the terms "person" and "beneficial ownership" shall
            have the meanings provided in Section 13(d) or 14(d) of the
            Securities Exchange Act of 1934 or related rules promulgated by
            the Securities and Exchange Commission;

            (ii) the commencement of or public announcement of an intention
            to make a tender or exchange offer for more than 50% of the
            then outstanding Shares of the common stock of the Company;

Page 3 of 13
------------------------------------------------------------------------




            (iii) a sale of all or substantially all of the assets of the
            Company; or

            (iv) the Board, in its sole and absolute discretion, determines
            that there has been a sufficient change in the stock ownership
            of the Company to constitute a change in control of the
            Company. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the following
            acquisitions shall not constitute a "Change of Control": (1)
            any capital raised by the Company (not used for a redemption of
            outstanding shares); (2) the closing of any transaction that in
            good faith may be reasonably characterized as an acquisition of
            another entity by the Company rather than the other way around;
            or (3) any acquisition of the Company or its shares by any
            employee benefit plan (or related trust) sponsored or
            maintained by the Company or any corporation controlled by the
            Company.

    5.
Termination

          5.1    Termination Events. The employment hereunder will
          terminate upon the occurrence of any of the following events
          ("the Termination Event"):

    (a)     Employee dies; or

                (b)     The Company, by written notice to Employee or her
                personal representative, discharges Employee due to the
                inability to continue to perform the duties previously
                assigned to Employee hereunder prior to such injury,
                illness or disability for a continuous period exceeding 90
                consecutive days or 180 out of 360 days by reason of
                injury, physical or mental illness or other disability,
                which condition has been certified by a physician
                reasonably acceptable to the Company; provided, however,
                that prior to discharging Employee due to such disability,
                the Company shall give a written statement of findings to
                Employee or her personal representative setting forth
                specifically the nature of the disability and the resulting
                performance failures, and Employee shall have a period of
                thirty (30) days thereafter to respond in writing to the
                Company's findings, whereupon the Company shall conduct a
                reasonable and fair hearing with the Employee and any
                supporting witnesses and evidence for the Employee to reach
                a final determination; or

                (c)     Employee is discharged by the Company for "Cause".
                As used in this Agreement, the term "Cause" shall mean:

                   (i)
Employee's final and unappealed conviction of (or pleading guilty or "nolo 
contendere" to) any felony or a major misdemeanor involving dishonesty or 
moral turpitude; provided, however, that prior to discharging Employee for 
Cause, the Company shall give a written statement of findings to Employee 
setting forth specifically the grounds on which Cause is based, and 
Employee shall have a period often (10) days thereafter to respond in 
writing to the Company's findings; or

                   (ii)
The Employee's (1) unreasonable failure to perform her duties, as 
determined by the Board of Directors, or (2) substantial and material 
breach of, or default under, this Agreement or the Proprietary Information 
and Invention Assignment Agreement (as defined herein), (3) The 
unreasonable failure of the Company, as determined by the Board of 
Directors, to meet reasonable benchmarks that are in control of the 
Employee, as may be agreed to from time to time by the

Page 4 of 13
------------------------------------------------------------------------



                      Employee and the Board of Directors. In the case of
                      any of the conditions set forth in this Section
                      5.1(c)(ii), the Employee shall be given written
                      notice of the intent of the Board of Directors to
                      terminate the Employee's employment under this
                      paragraph, and shall be permitted thirty (30) days
                      from receipt of such written notice to promptly cure
                      any such breach or default to the reasonable
                      satisfaction of the Board.

             (d)      Employee is discharged by Company other than in
             accordance with Section 5.l(a)(c) (a termination "without
             Cause"), which the Company may do at any time, with at least
             thirty (30) days advance written notice, subject to the full
             performance of the obligations of the Company to the Employee
             pursuant to Section 4 or Section 5.2, as the case may be; or

             (e)    Employee voluntarily terminates her employment due to
             "Good Reason", which shall mean (i) a material default by the
             Company in the performance of any of its obligations
             hereunder, which default remains uncured by the Company for a
             period of thirty (30) days following receipt of written notice
             thereof to the Company from Employee; (ii) a material
             diminution of the roles, responsibilities or duties and/or the
             position, title or authority of Employee hereunder; or (iii) a
             requirement that Employee report to any person(s) other than
             the CEO; or

             (f) Employee voluntarily terminates her employment without
             Good Reason, which Employee may do at any time with at least
             thirty (30) days advance notice.

       5.2
Effects of Termination.

             (a)    Upon termination of Employee's employment hereunder for
             any reason, the Company will promptly pay Employee all Base
             Compensation owed to Employee and all bonuses earned, as
             previously defined in writing by the Company, and unpaid
             through the date of termination, which shall be the last day
             that Employee performs her duties for the Company (including,
             without limitation, salary and employee expenses
             reimbursements). Employee shall be paid for any performance
             bonus plan then in effect on a pro rata basis for that period
             of time during the fiscal year in which termination occurs,
             but such amount, if any shall only be paid at a commensurate
             time as other employees are paid their bonus amounts.

             (b)    Unless Section 4 applies (in which case Section 4, and
             not this Section 5.2(b), will be followed), and in addition to
             the amounts required under Sections 3.4, 3.5 and 5.2(a):

                    (i)    Upon termination of Employee's employment under
                    Sections 5.l(a), Company shall continue to pay the Base
                    Compensation to the estate of the Employee for a period
                    of ninety (90) days after such death.

                    (ii)    Upon termination of Employee's employment under
                    Section 5.l(b), the Company shall pay Employee,
                    commencing immediately upon such termination of
                    employment, monthly (or biweekly at the Company's
                    discretion) amounts equal to the then applicable Base
                    Compensation, excluding bonus, for a period of six (6)
                    months after termination.

              (c)    Upon termination of Employee's employment under
              Section 5.l(d) or 5.1(e), the Company shall pay Employee,
              commencing immediately upon the later of such termination of
              employment or Employee's execution of a Release (which the
              Company shall execute

Page 5 of 13
------------------------------------------------------------------------



              contemporaneously) in the form attached as Exhibit A, monthly
              (or biweekly at the Company's discretion) amounts equal to
              the then applicable Base Compensation, excluding bonus, for a
              period of one (1) months after termination for every four (4)
              months of service, for a minimum payment of six (6) months’
              Base Compensation and a maximum of twelve (12) months’ Base
              Compensation.

              (d)    Upon termination of Employee's employment hereunder
              pursuant to Sections 5.l(b), 5.l(c), 5.l(d) or 5.1(f),
              Employee agrees as follows:


                   (i)    Any amounts paid according to above Section 4 or
                   Section 5, following a termination event as described
                   therein, are paid to Employee only for so long as
                   Employee does not provide services to any commercial
                   firm, corporation or other business enterprise which is
                   involved in the business of development, marketing or
                   providing a diagnostic service offering proprietary DNA
                   probe or microarray or next generation sequencing to
                   cancer researchers or physician practitioners or biotech
                   and pharma companies that serve the cancer markets and
                   categories in direct competition with the Company
                   (“Competitive Engagements”). Employee agrees not to
                   engage in Competitive Engagements for a period of six
                   (6) months after the date of termination. Nothing in
                   this Section 5.2(d) shall prevent Employee from
                   accepting employment engagements, after the date of
                   termination of her employment with the Company, with
                   non-commercial entities including but not limited to
                   research and academic institutions.

                   (ii)    Employee shall notify the Company in the event
                   that she accepts a Competitive Engagement following six
                   (6) months after her date of termination with the
                   Company and she is still receiving payments according to
                   above Sections 4 or 5. In such instance, Employee agrees
                   and acknowledges that she will no longer be entitled to
                   receive such payments from the Company.

                   (iii)    The terms of the Cancer Genetics, Inc.
                   Confidentiality, Proprietary Information and Inventions
                   Agreement shall remain in effect for the time periods
                   specified in this Agreement.


                   (iv)    Employee will not knowingly, directly and
                   actively solicit any individual to leave the Company's
                   then full-time employ, for any reason, to join or be
                   employed by any employer that then employs Employee as
                   an employee, director, consultant or advisor.

                   (v)    Employee will not knowingly, directly and
                   actively induce any provider, agent, customer, supplier,
                   distributor, or licensee of the Company to cease doing
                   business with the Company or to breach its agreement
                   with the Company.

              (e)    Employee acknowledges that monetary damages may not be
              sufficient to compensate the Company for any economic loss,
              which may be incurred by reason of breach of the restrictive
              covenants set forth in Section 5.2(d). Accordingly, in the
              event of any such breach, the Company shall, in addition to
              any remedies available to the Company at law, be entitled to
              seek equitable relief in the form of an injunction,
              precluding Employee from continuing to engage in such breach.

Page 6 of 13
------------------------------------------------------------------------




              (f)    If any restriction set forth in Section 5.2(d) is held
              to be unreasonable, then Employee and the Company agree, and
              hereby submit, to the reduction and limitation of such
              prohibition to such area or period as shall be deemed
              reasonable.

              (g)    Except as required by law, Employee agrees not to make
              to any person, including but not limited to customers of the
              Company, any statement that disparages the Company or which
              reflects negatively upon the Company, including but not
              limited to statements regarding the Company's financial
              condition, its officers, directors, shareholders, employees
              and affiliates. The Company agrees not to make to any person,
              including but not limited to customers of the Company, any
              statement that disparages Employee or which reflects
              negatively upon Employee, including but not limited to
              statements regarding her financial condition, qualifications
              and professional competence.

 6.
Conflicts of Interest

        6.1    Duty to Disclose. Employee will provide the CEO and Board
        with a report on the existence of any actual conflicts of interest.
        In connection with any actual conflicts of interests, Employee will
        confidentially disclose the existence of any conflicts of
        interests, including her financial interest and the minimum about
        of facts necessary to assess the conflict of interest, to the CEO
        and Board or to any special committees with Board delegated powers
        considering the proposed transaction or arrangement. If the Board
        or committee has reasonable cause to believe that Employee has
        failed to disclose any actual conflict of interest, it shall inform
        Employee of the basis for such belief and afford Employee an
        opportunity to explain the alleged failure to disclose.

        6.2    Determining Whether a Conflict of Interest Exists. After
        disclosure of the financial interest and the minimum about of facts
        necessary to assess the conflict of Interest, and after any
        discussion with the Employee, Employee shall excuse him/herself
        from the Board or committee meeting while the determination of
        whether a conflict of interest exists is discussed and voted upon.
        The remaining Board or committee members shall determine whether a
        conflict of interest exists. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
        however, prior approval of the Board of Directors shall not be
        required if the transaction falls below a de minimis threshold
        established by the Board.

        6.3    Addressing Conflict. If the Board determines that Employee
        has an actual conflict of interest, the Company and Employee shall
        employ good faith actions to resolve the conflict of interest.

7.     General Provisions.

        7.1    Assignment. Neither party may assign or delegate any of her
        or its rights or obligations under this Agreement without the prior
        written consent of the other party.

        7.2    Entire Agreement. This Agreement contains the entire
        agreement between the parties with respect to the subject matter
        hereof and supersedes any and all prior written and verbal
        agreements between the parties.

        7.3    Modifications. This Agreement may be changed or modified
        only by an agreement in writing signed by both parties hereto.

        7.4    Successors and Assigns. The provisions of this Agreement
        shall inure to the benefit of, and be binding upon, the Company and
        its successors and permitted assigns and Employee and

Page 7 of 13
------------------------------------------------------------------------



        Employee's legal representatives, heirs, legatees, distributees,
        assigns and transferees by operation of law, whether or not any
        such person shall have become a party to this Agreement and have
        agreed in writing to join and be bound by the terms and conditions
        hereof.

        7.5    Governing Law. This Agreement shall be governed by,
        construed and enforced in accordance with, the laws of the State of
        New Jersey, and venue and jurisdiction for any disputes hereunder
        shall be heard in any court of competent jurisdiction in New Jersey
        for all purposes.

        7.6    Severability. If any provision of this Agreement is held by
        a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, void or
        unenforceable, the remaining provisions shall nevertheless continue
        in full force and effect.

        7.7    Further Assurances. The parties will execute such further
        instruments and take such further actions as may be reasonably
        necessary to carry out the intent of this Agreement.

        7.8    Notices. Any notices or other communications required or
        permitted hereunder shall be in writing and shall be deemed
        received by the recipient when delivered personally or, if mailed,
        five (5) days after the date of deposit in the United States mail,
        certified or registered, postage prepaid and addressed, in the case
        of the Company, to the address set forth above, attention CEO, and
        in the case of Employee, to the address shown for Employee on the
        signature page hereof, or to such other address as either party may
        later specify by at least ten (10) days advance written notice
        delivered to the other party in accordance herewith.

        7.9    No Waiver. The failure of either party to enforce any
        provision of this Agreement shall not be construed as a waiver of
        that provision, nor prevent that party thereafter from enforcing
        that provision of any other provision of this Agreement.

        7.10    Legal Fees and Expenses. In the event of any disputes under
        this Agreement, each party shall be responsible for their own legal
        fees and expenses which it may incur in resolving such dispute,
        unless otherwise provided by applicable law or a court of competent
        jurisdiction.

        7.11    Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed by exchange of
        facsimile signature pages and/or in counterparts, each of which
        shall be deemed to be an original, but all of which together shall
        constitute one and the same instrument.

        7.12    Insurance on Employee. The Company shall be entitled to
        obtain and maintain, at the Company's expense, key person life
        insurance on the life of the Employee, naming the Company as the
        beneficiary of such policy. Employee agrees to cooperate with the
        Company and take all reasonable actions necessary to obtain such
        insurance, such as taking usual and customary physical examinations
        and providing true and accurate personal, health related
        information for any application at no cost to Employee.

        7.13    Proprietary Information and Invention Assignment Agreement. 
        The terms of the proprietary information and invention assignment
        agreement to be signed by Employee on the Commencement Date (the
        "Proprietary Information and Invention Assignment Agreement") are
        incorporated herein by reference. If there is any conflict between
        the terms of the Proprietary Information and Invention Assignment
        Agreement and the terms of this Agreement, the terms of this
        Agreement shall prevail.


Page 8 of 13
------------------------------------------------------------------------



        7.14    409A Compliance.   All payments under this Agreement are
        intended to comply with or be exempt from the requirements of
        Section 409A of the Code and regulations promulgated thereunder
        (“Section 409A”). As used in this Agreement, the “Code” means the
        Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. To the extent permitted
        under applicable regulations and/or other guidance of general
        applicability issued pursuant to Section 409A, the Company reserves
        the right to modify this Agreement to conform with any or all
        relevant provisions regarding compensation and/or benefits so that
        such compensation and benefits are exempt from the provisions of
        409A and/or otherwise comply with such provisions so as to avoid
        the tax consequences set forth in Section 409A and to assure that
        no payment or benefit shall be subject to an “additional tax” under
        Section 409A. To the extent that any provision in this Agreement is
        ambiguous as to its compliance with Section 409A, or to the extent
        any provision in this Agreement must be modified to comply with
        Section 409A, such provision shall be read in such a manner so that
        no payment due to the Employee shall be subject to an “additional
        tax” within the meaning of Section 409A(a)(1)(B) of the Code. If
        necessary to comply with the restriction in Section 409A(a)(2)(B)
        of the Code concerning payments to “specified employees,” any
        payment on account of the Employee’s separation from service that
        would otherwise be due hereunder within six (6) months after such
        separation shall be delayed until the first business day of the
        seventh month following the Termination Date and the first such
        payment shall include the cumulative amount of any payments
        (without interest) that would have been paid prior to such date if
        not for such restriction. Each payment in a series of payments
        hereunder shall be deemed to be a separate payment for purposes of
        Section 409A. In no event may the Employee, directly or indirectly,
        designate the calendar year of payment. All reimbursements provided
        under this Agreement shall be made or provided in accordance with
        the requirements of Section 409A, including, where applicable, the
        requirement that (i) any reimbursement is for expenses incurred
        during the Employee’s lifetime (or during a shorter period of time
        specified in this Agreement), (ii) the amount of expenses eligible
        for reimbursement during a calendar year may not affect the
        expenses eligible for reimbursement in any other calendar year,
        (iii) the reimbursement of an eligible expense will be made on or
        before the last day of the calendar year following the year in
        which the expense is incurred, and (iv) the right to reimbursement
        is not subject to liquidation or exchange for another benefit.
        Notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary, the
        Employee shall not be considered to have terminated employment with
        the Company for purposes of Section 5 unless the Employee would be
        considered to have incurred a “termination of employment” from the
        Company within the meaning of Treasury Regulation
        §1.409A-1(h)(1)(ii). In no event whatsoever shall the Company be
        liable for any additional tax, interest or penalty that may be
        imposed on the Employee by Section 409A or damages for failing to
        comply with Section 409A.

[Signature Page to Follow]


Page 9 of 13
------------------------------------------------------------------------



 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company and Employee have executed this Agreement,
 effective as of the day and year of the last signature below.



CANCER GENETICS, INC.


By:     /s/ Panna Sharma        

Date:     05/10/2017                
       Name: Panna Sharma
       Title:    CEO & President




EMPLOYEE



/s/ Dr. Rita Shaknovich        
 Dr. Rita Shaknovich

Date:     05/11/2017            



Address:

                

                

                

Page 10 of 13
------------------------------------------------------------------------



EXHIBIT A

RELEASE

1. In exchange for the good and valuable consideration set forth in the 
Employment Agreement between the parties, the undersigned individual 
("Releasor"), on her own behalf and on behalf of her heirs, beneficiaries 
and assigns, hereby releases and forever discharges Cancer Genetics, Inc. 
and its subsidiaries and all of their respective officers and directors, 
employees, agents, attorney, successors and assigns (collectively, "Company 
Group"), both individually and in their official capacities, from any and 
all liability, claims, demands, actions and causes of action of any type 
(collectively, ''Claims") which Releasor has had in the past, now has, or 
might now have, through the date of the Releasor’s execution of this 
Release, in any way resulting from, arising out of or connected with her 
employment by Cancer Genetics, Inc. and its subsidiaries (collectively, 
"Company") or its termination or pursuant to any federal, state or local 
employment law, regulation or other requirement (including without 
limitation, and such as each may be amended from time to time, the Title 
VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964,; the Civil Rights Act of 1991, the 
Equal Pay Act, the Age Discrimination in Employment Act (“ADEA”), the 
Americans with Disabilities Act, ERISA (excluding COBRA), the Fair Credit 
Reporting Act, OSHA, the Genetic Information Nondiscrimination Act, the 
Family Medical Leave Act, the Fair Labor Standards Act, the Sarbanes Oxley 
Act of 2002, the False Claims Act, the New Jersey Law Against 
Discrimination, the Conscientious Employee Protection Act, the New Jersey 
Family Leave Act, the New Jersey False Claims Act). “Claims” also means any 
and all actions, charges, controversies, demands, causes of action, suits, 
rights, and/or claims whatsoever for debts, sums of money, wages, salary, 
severance pay, commissions, fees, bonuses, unvested stock options, vacation 
pay, sick pay, fees and costs, attorney’s fees, losses, penalties, damages, 
including damages for pain and suffering and emotional harm, arising, 
directly or indirectly, out of any promise, agreement, offer letter, 
contract, understanding, common law, tort, statutes, and/or regulations.

2. Excluded from the scope of this Release is (i) any claim or right of 
Releasor under any policy or policies of directors and officers liability 
insurance maintained by the Company as in effect from time to time; and 
(ii) any right of or for indemnification or contribution pursuant to 
contract and/or the Articles of Incorporation or By-Laws (or other charter 
documents) of the Company that Releasor has or hereafter may acquire if any 
claim is asserted or proceedings are brought against Releasor including, 
without limitation, if by any governmental or regulatory agency, or by any 
customer, creditor, employee or shareholder of the Company, or by any 
self-regulatory organization, stock exchange or the like, arising out of or 
related or allegedly related to the undersigned individual being or having 
been an officer or employee of the Company or to any of her actions, 
inactions or activities as an officer or employee of the Company; (iii) any 
rights or claims that may arise after the date Releaser signs this 
Agreement; (iv) any claim for workers’ compensation benefits (but it does 
apply to, waive and affect claims of discrimination and/or retaliation on 
the basis of having made a workers’ compensation claim); (v) claims for 
unemployment benefits; (vi) any other claims or rights that by law cannot 
be waived in a private agreement between an employer and employee; or (vii) 
Releasor’s rights to any vested benefits to which she is entitled under the 
terms of the applicable employee benefit plan (the “Excluded Claims”).

 3. This Agreement is not intended to, and shall not, in any way prohibit,
 limit or otherwise interfere with:

 (a) Releasor’s protected rights under federal, state or local employment
 discrimination laws (including, without limitation, the ADEA and Title
 VII) to communicate or file a charge with,


------------------------------------------------------------------------



 or participate in an investigation or proceeding conducted by, the Equal
 Employment Opportunity Commission (“EEOC”) or similar federal, state or
 local government body or agency charged with enforcing employment
 discrimination laws. Therefore, nothing herein shall prohibit, interfere
 with or limit Releasor from filing a charge with, communicating with or
 participating in any manner in an investigation, hearing or proceeding
 conducted by, the EEOC or similar federal, state or local agency. However,
 Releasor shall not be entitled to any relief or recovery (whether monetary
 or otherwise), and Releasor hereby waives any and all rights to relief or
 recovery, under, or by virtue of, any such filing of a charge with, or
 investigation, hearing or proceeding conducted by, the EEOC or any other
 similar federal, state or local government agency relating to any claim
 that has been released herein;

 (b) Releasor’s protected right to test in any court, under the Older
 Workers Benefit Protection Act, or like statute or regulation, the
 validity of the waiver of rights under ADEA in this Agreement;

 (c) Releasor’s right to enforce the terms of this Agreement and to
 exercise her rights relating to any other Excluded Claims; or

 (d) Releasor’s protected rights under federal, state or local law to
 without notice to the Company: (i) communicate or file a charge with a
 government regulator; (ii) participate in an investigation or proceeding
 conducted by a government regulator; or (iii) receive an award paid by a
 government regulator for providing information.

     4. Releasor represents and warrants that she has no charges, lawsuits,
 or actions pending in hers name against any of the Company Group relating
 to any claim that has been released in this Agreement. Releasor also
 represents and warrants that she has not assigned or transferred to any
 third party any right or claim against any of the Company Group that she
 has released herein. Except with respect to the Excluded Claims, Releasor
 covenants and agrees that she will not report, institute or file a charge,
 lawsuit or action (or encourage, solicit, or voluntarily assist or
 participate in, the reporting, instituting, filing or prosecution of a
 charge, lawsuit or action by a third party) against any of the Company
 Group with respect to any claim that has been released herein.

 5. Releasor agrees, at the Company’s request, to reasonably cooperate, by
 providing truthful information, documents and testimony, in any Company
 investigation, litigation, arbitration, or regulatory proceeding regarding
 events that occurred during Releasor’s employment with the Company. This
 may include, for example, making herself reasonably available to consult
 with the Company’s counsel, providing truthful information and documents,
 and to appear to give truthful testimony. The Company will, to the extent
 permitted by applicable law and court rules, reimburse Releasor for
 reasonable out-of-pocket expenses and actual lost wages that she incurs in
 providing any requested cooperation, so long as she provides advance
 written notice to the Company of her request for reimbursement and
 provides satisfactory documentation of the expenses and actual lost wages.
 Nothing in this section is intended to, and shall not, preclude or limit
 Releasor’s protected rights described in the Excluded Claims.

6. Releasor confirms that has returned to the Company any and all Company 
documents, materials and information (whether in hardcopy, on electronic 
media or otherwise) related to Company business and/or containing any 
non-public information concerning the Company, as well as all equipment, 
keys, access cards, credit cards, computers, computer hardware and 
software, electronic devices and any other Company property in her 
possession, custody or control. Releasor also represents and warrants that 
she has not retained copies of any Company documents, materials or 
information (whether in hardcopy, on electronic media or otherwise). 
Releasor also agrees that


------------------------------------------------------------------------



she will disclose to the Company all passwords necessary or desirable to 
enable the Company to access all information which she has 
password-protected on any of its computer equipment or on its computer 
network or system.

7.    The undersigned individual further acknowledges that she has been 
advised by this writing that: (a) her waiver and release in this Release 
does not apply to any rights or claims that may arise after the execution 
date of this Release; (b) that she is encouraged by Company and has the 
right to consult with an attorney prior to executing this Release; (c) she 
has been provided with up to twenty-one (21) to review and consider this 
Release ; (d) she has seven (7) days following her execution and delivery 
of this Release to revoke this Agreement by so notifying the Company in 
writing (c/o the CEO); and (e) this Release shall not be effective until 
the date upon which the seven (7) day revocation period has expired 
unexercised (the "Effective Date"), which shall be the eighth day after 
this Release is executed by the undersigned individual.

8.    The Company hereby releases and forever discharges the Releasor and 
her heirs, beneficiaries and representatives and assigns, both individually 
and in their official capacities, from any and all Claims (defined above) 
which it has had in the past, now has, or might now have, through the date 
of its execution and delivery of this Release, in any way resulting from, 
arising out of, or connected with Releasor’s employment with the Company or 
separation therefrom. Company agrees not to take any action that is 
designed, specifically as to you or with respect to a class of similarly 
situated employees, to reduce or abrogate, or may reasonably be expected to 
result in an abridgement or elimination of, any rights of indemnification 
or contribution available to Releasor, as described above, or under any 
such policy or policies of directors and officers liability insurance, 
unless any such abridgement or elimination of rights also is generally 
applicable to all then-current officers and employees of the Company. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing herein shall constitute a release by 
Company against Releasor for fraud, theft, or illegal acts or omissions.

9.    This Release does not constitute an admission by the Company or by 
the undersigned individual of any wrongful action or violation of any 
federal, state, or local statute, or common law rights, including those 
relating to the provisions of any law or statute concerning employment 
actions, or of any other possible or claimed violation of law or rights. 
This Release is entered into without reliance on any promise or 
representation, written or oral, other than those expressly contained 
herein, and it supersedes any other such promises, warranties or 
representations. This Release may not be modified or amended except in a 
writing signed by both the undersigned individual and a duly authorized 
officer of the Company.

10.    This Release will bind the heirs, personal representatives, 
successors and assigns of both the undersigned individual and the Company, 
and inure to the benefit of both the undersigned individual and the Company 
and their respective heirs, successors and assigns. If any provision of 
this Release is determined to be invalid or unenforceable, in whole or in 
part, this determination will not affect any other provision of this 
Release and the provision in question will be modified by the court so as 
to be rendered enforceable. This Agreement will be deemed to have been 
entered into and will be construed and enforced in accordance with the laws 
of the state of New Jersey as applied to contracts made and to be performed 
entirely within New Jersey.

 Cancer Genetics, Inc. Employee


 By: ______________________________         ____________________________
 Name/Title:         Name: Dr. Rita Shaknovich


