 EX-10.1 3 ex10-1.htm EXHIBIT 10.1
Exhibit 10.1
 
       January 3, 2017
 
Jack E. Stover
President and Chief Executive Officer
Morris Corporate Center 1, Building A
300 Interpace Parkway
Parsippany, NJ 07054
 
Dear Mr. Stover:   
 
This letter (the “Agreement”) constitutes the agreement between Maxim Group 
LLC (“Maxim” or the “Placement Agent”) and Interpace Diagnostics Group, 
Inc., a Delaware corporation (the “Company”), that Maxim shall serve as the 
placement agent for the Company, on a best efforts basis, in connection 
with the proposed placement (the “Placement”) of an aggregate of up to 
375,000 shares (the “Shares”) of the Company’s common stock, par value 
$0.01 per share (“Common Stock”), and prepaid warrants (the “Warrants”) to 
purchase an aggregate of 255,000 shares of Common Stock (the “Warrant 
Shares”). The Shares, Warrants and Warrant Shares are hereinafter referred 
to collectively as the “Securities.” The terms of the Placement and the 
Securities shall be mutually agreed upon by the Company and the purchasers 
(each, a “Purchaser” and collectively, the “Purchasers”) and nothing herein 
constitutes that Maxim has or would have the power or authority to bind the 
Company or any Purchaser or an obligation for the Company to issue any 
Securities or complete the Placement. This Agreement and the documents 
executed and delivered by the Company and the Purchasers in connection with 
the Placement, including but not limited to the Purchase Agreement, as 
defined below, shall be collectively referred to herein as the “
Transaction Documents.” The date of the closing (the “Closing”) of the 
Placement shall be referred to herein as the “Closing Date.” The Company 
expressly acknowledges and agrees that Maxim’s obligations hereunder are on 
a reasonable best efforts basis only and that the execution of this 
Agreement does not constitute a commitment by Maxim to purchase the 
Securities and does not ensure the successful placement of the Securities 
or any portion thereof or the success of Maxim with respect to securing any 
other financing on behalf of the Company. The Placement Agent may retain 
other brokers or dealers to act as sub-agents or selected-dealers on its 
behalf in connection with the Placement. The sale of the Securities to any 
Purchaser will be evidenced by a securities purchase agreement (the “
Purchase Agreement”) between the Company and such Purchaser in a form 
reasonably acceptable to the Company and Maxim. Capitalized terms that are 
not otherwise defined herein have the meanings given to such terms in the 
Purchase Agreement. Prior to the signing of any Purchase Agreement, 
officers of the Company will be available to answer inquiries from 
prospective Purchasers.
 
SECTION 1.
REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE. Each of the 
representations and warranties (together with any related disclosure 
schedules thereto) made by the Company to the Purchasers in those certain 
Purchase Agreements dated as of January 3, 2017, between the Company and 
each Purchaser, is hereby incorporated herein by reference (as though fully 
restated herein) and is, as of the date of this Agreement, hereby made to, 
and in favor of, the Placement Agent. Each of the representations and 
warranties (together with any related disclosure schedules thereto) made by 
the Company to Maxim in the Letter of Engagement dated July 1, 2016, 
between the Company and Maxim, is hereby incorporated herein by reference 
(as though fully restated herein) and is, as of the date of this Agreement, 
hereby made to, and in favor of, the Placement Agent.
 
SECTION 2.
REPRESENTATIONS OF MAXIM. Maxim represents and warrants that it (i) is a 
member in good standing of FINRA, (ii) is registered as a broker/dealer 
under the Exchange Act, (iii) is licensed as a broker/dealer under the laws 
of the States applicable to the offers and sales of the Securities by 
Maxim, (iv) is and will be a body corporate validly existing under the laws 
of its place of incorporation, and (v) has full power and authority to 
enter into and perform its obligations under this Agreement. Maxim will 
immediately notify the Company in writing of any change in its status as 
such. Maxim covenants that it will use its reasonable best efforts to 
conduct the transaction hereunder in compliance with the provisions of this 
Agreement and the requirements of applicable law.  
 
 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
SECTION 3.
COMPENSATION.
 
In consideration of the services to be provided for hereunder, the Company 
shall pay to the Placement Agent or their respective designees the 
following compensation with respect to the Securities, which they are 
placing:
 
(a)
A placement fee equal to eight percent (8%) of the gross proceeds from the 
sale of the securities in the Placement.
 
(b)
Subject to compliance with FINRA Rule 5110(f)(2)(D), the Company also 
agrees to reimburse Maxim for all reasonable travel and other out-of-pocket 
expenses, including the reasonable fees of legal counsel related to this 
transaction and with respect to previous agreements between the Company and 
Maxim pursuant to which Maxim would act as an underwriter or placement 
agent with respect to offerings of securities, in an amount not to exceed 
$30,000. The Company will reimburse Maxim directly out of the Closing of 
the Placement. In the event this Agreement shall terminate prior to the 
consummation of the Placement, Maxim shall be entitled to reimbursement for 
actual expenses; provided, however, such expenses shall not exceed $30,000.
 
(c)
The Placement Agent reserves the right to reduce any item of compensation 
or adjust the terms thereof as specified herein in the event that a 
determination shall be made by FINRA to the effect that the Placement 
Agent’s aggregate compensation is in excess of FINRA Rules or that the 
terms thereof require adjustment.
 
SECTION 4.
INDEMNIFICATION. The Company agrees to the indemnification and other 
agreements set forth in the Indemnification Provisions (the “
Indemnification”) attached hereto as Addendum A, the provisions of which 
are incorporated herein by reference and shall survive the termination or 
expiration of this Agreement.
 
SECTION 5.
ENGAGEMENT TERM. Maxim’s engagement hereunder will be until the earlier of 
(i) January 31, 2017 and (ii) the completion of the Placement. The date of 
termination of this Agreement is referred to herein as the “Termination 
Date” and the period of time during which this Agreement remains in effect 
is referred to herein as the “Term.” If the Company elects to terminate for 
any reason even though Maxim was prepared to proceed with the Placement 
reasonably within the intent of this Agreement and, within twelve (12) 
months following such termination, the Company completes any financing of 
equity, equity-linked or debt or other capital raising activity of the 
Company (other than the exercise by any person or entity of any options, 
warrants or other convertible securities or issuances by the Company in 
connection with the restructuring of existing debt) with any of the 
investors whereby Maxim introduced to the Company or with whom Maxim 
conducted discussions on behalf of the Company during the term of this 
Agreement, then the Company will pay to Maxim upon the closing of such 
financing a finder’s fee equal to 8% of the gross proceeds raised by the 
Company from such financing. In the event, however, in the course of the 
Placement Agent’s performance of due diligence it deems it necessary to 
terminate the engagement, the Placement Agent may do so prior to the 
Termination Date. Upon such termination, Maxim shall deliver to the Company 
a list of all investors contacted by Maxim during the term of its 
engagement. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, the 
provisions concerning the Company’s obligation to pay any fees actually 
earned pursuant to Section 5 hereof and which are permitted to be 
reimbursed under FINRA Rule 5110(f)(2)(D), and the confidentiality, 
indemnification and contribution provisions contained herein and the 
Company’s obligations contained in the Indemnification Provisions will 
survive any expiration or termination of this Agreement.
 
 
SECTION 6.
MAXIM INFORMATION. The Company agrees that any information or advice 
rendered by Maxim in connection with this engagement is for the 
confidential use of the Company only in their evaluation of the Placement 
and, except as otherwise required by law, the Company will not disclose or 
otherwise refer to the advice or information in any manner without Maxim’s 
prior written consent.
 
 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
SECTION 7.
NO FIDUCIARY RELATIONSHIP. This Agreement does not create, and shall not be 
construed as creating rights enforceable by any person or entity not a 
party hereto, except those entitled hereto by virtue of the Indemnification 
Provisions hereof. The Company acknowledges and agrees that Maxim is not 
and shall not be construed as a fiduciary of the Company and shall have no 
duties or liabilities to the equity holders or the creditors of the Company 
or any other person by virtue of this Agreement or the retention of Maxim 
hereunder, all of which are hereby expressly waived.
 
SECTION 8.
CLOSING. The obligations of the Placement Agent, and the Closing of the 
sale of the Securities hereunder are subject to the accuracy, when made and 
on the Closing Date, of the representations and warranties on the part of 
the Company and its Subsidiaries contained herein and in the Purchase 
Agreement, to the accuracy of the statements of the Company and its 
Subsidiaries made in any certificates pursuant to the provisions hereof, to 
the performance by the Company and its Subsidiaries of their obligations 
hereunder, and to each of the following additional terms and conditions:
 
A.
No stop order suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement 
shall have been issued and no proceedings for that purpose shall have been 
initiated or threatened by the Commission, and any request for additional 
information on the part of the Commission (to be included in the 
Registration Statement, the Prospectus or the Prospectus Supplement or 
otherwise) shall have been complied with to the reasonable satisfaction of 
the Placement Agent.
 
B.
The Company has filed all reports, schedules, forms, statements or other 
documents required to be filed by the Company under the Securities Act or 
Exchange Act, during the three years preceding the date hereof (the 
foregoing materials filed during such three-year period, including the 
exhibits thereto and documents incorporated by reference therein, the “SEC 
Reports”) on a timely basis, other than a Current Report on Form 8-K filed 
on October 13, 2016, or has received a valid extension of such time of 
filing and has filed any such SEC Reports prior to the expiration of any 
such extension; as of their respective filing or amendment dates, the SEC 
Reports complied in all material respects with the requirements of the 
Exchange Act and the rules and regulations of the Commission promulgated 
thereunder; and as of their respective filing or amendment dates, the SEC 
Reports did not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to 
state any material fact necessary in order to make the statements therein, 
in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading.
 
C.
The Placement Agent shall not have discovered and disclosed to the Company 
on or prior to the Closing Date that the Registration Statement, the 
Prospectus or the Prospectus Supplement, or any amendment or supplement 
thereto contains an untrue statement of a fact which, in the opinion of 
counsel for the Placement Agent, is material or omits to state any fact 
which, in the opinion of such counsel, is material and is required to be 
stated therein or is necessary to make the statements therein not 
misleading.
 
 
D.
All corporate proceedings and other legal matters incident to the 
authorization, form, execution, delivery and validity of each of this 
Agreement and the Securities, and all other legal matters relating to this 
Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby shall be reasonably 
satisfactory in all material respects to counsel for the Placement Agent, 
and the Company shall have furnished to such counsel all documents and 
information that they may reasonably request to enable them to pass upon 
such matters.
 
E.
 The Placement Agent shall have received as of the Closing Date the 
favorable opinions of legal counsel to the Company identified in the 
Purchase Agreement, dated as of such Closing Date, including, without 
limitation, a negative assurance letter from Company Counsel, addressed to 
the Placement Agent in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the 
Placement Agent.
 
 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
F.
(i) Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries shall have sustained 
since the date of the latest audited or unaudited financial statements 
included in its SEC Reports, any material loss or interference with its 
business from fire, explosion, flood, terrorist act or other calamity, 
whether or not covered by insurance, or from any labor dispute or court or 
governmental action, order or decree, otherwise than as set forth in or 
contemplated by the Purchase Agreement and (ii) since such date there shall 
not have been any change in the capital stock or long-term debt of the 
Company or any of its Subsidiaries or any change, or any development 
involving a prospective change, in or affecting the business, general 
affairs, management, financial position, stockholders’ equity, results of 
operations or prospects of the Company and its Subsidiaries, otherwise than 
as set forth in or contemplated by the Purchase Agreement, the effect of 
which, in any such case described in clause (i) or (ii), is, in the 
judgment of the Placement Agent, so material and adverse as to make it 
impracticable or inadvisable to proceed with the sale or delivery of the 
Securities on the terms and in the manner contemplated by the Purchase 
Agreement.
 
G.
The Common Stock is registered under the Exchange Act and, as of the 
Closing Date, the Common Stock shall be listed, admitted and authorized for 
trading on the NASDAQ Stock Market and satisfactory evidence of such action 
shall have been provided to the Placement Agent. The Company shall have 
taken no action designed to, or likely to have the effect of terminating 
the registration of the Common Stock under the Exchange Act or delisting or 
suspending from trading the Common Stock from the NASDAQ Stock Market. 
Except as set forth in the SEC Reports or the Prospectus Supplement, the 
Company has not received any information suggesting that the Commission or 
the NASDAQ Stock Market is contemplating terminating such registration.
 
H.
Subsequent to the execution and delivery of this Agreement and up to the 
Closing Date, there shall not have occurred any of the following: (i) 
trading in securities generally on the NASDAQ Market shall have been 
suspended or minimum or maximum prices or maximum ranges for prices shall 
have been established on any such exchange or such market by the Commission 
or by such exchange or by any other regulatory body or governmental 
authority having jurisdiction, (ii) a banking moratorium shall have been 
declared by federal or state authorities or a material disruption has 
occurred in commercial banking or securities settlement or clearance 
services in the United States, (iii) the United States shall have become 
engaged in hostilities in which it is not currently engaged, the subject of 
an act of terrorism, there shall have been an escalation in hostilities 
involving the United States, or there shall have been a declaration of a 
national emergency or war by the United States, or (iv) there shall have 
occurred any other calamity or crisis or any change in general economic, 
political or financial conditions in the United States or elsewhere, if the 
effect of any such event in clause (iii) or (iv) makes it, in the sole 
judgment of the Placement Agent, impracticable or inadvisable to proceed 
with the sale or delivery of the Securities on the terms and in the manner 
contemplated by the Purchase Agreement.
 
I.
No action shall have been taken and no statute, rule, regulation or order 
shall have been enacted, adopted or issued by any governmental agency or 
body which would, as of the Closing Date, prevent the issuance or sale of 
the Securities or materially and adversely affect or potentially and 
adversely affect the business or operations of the Company; and no 
injunction, restraining order or order of any other nature by any federal 
or state court of competent jurisdiction shall have been issued as of the 
Closing Date which would prevent the issuance or sale of the Securities or 
materially and adversely affect the business or operations of the Company.
 
J.
The Company shall have entered into a Purchase Agreement with each of the 
Purchasers and such agreements shall be in full force and effect and shall 
contain representations, warranties and covenants of the Company as agreed 
between the Company and the Purchasers.
 
K.
FINRA shall have raised no objection to the fairness and reasonableness of 
the terms and arrangements of this Agreement. In addition, the Company 
shall, if requested by the Placement Agent, make or authorize Placement 
Agent’s counsel to make on the Company’s behalf, any Issuer Filing with 
FINRA as may be required with respect to the Placement and pay all filing 
fees required in connection therewith.
 
L.
On or prior to the Closing Date, the Company shall have furnished to the 
Placement Agent such further information, certificates and documents as the 
Placement Agent may reasonably request.
 
 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
M.
The Company shall engage and maintain, at its expense, a nationally 
recognized independent PCAOB registered public accounting firm for a period 
of three (3) years after the Closing Date.
 
N.
The Company shall engage and, for a period of three (3) years after the 
Closing Date, shall maintain, at its expense, a transfer agent and, if 
necessary under the jurisdiction of its incorporation or the rules of any 
national securities exchange on which the Common Stock will be listed, a 
registrar (which, if permitted by applicable laws and rules may be the same 
entity as the transfer agent) for the Common Stock, which transfer agent 
and/or registrar is reasonably acceptable to the Placement Agent.
 
If any of the conditions specified in this Section 8 shall not have been 
fulfilled when and as required by this Agreement, or if any of the 
certificates, opinions, written statements or letters furnished to the 
Placement Agent or to Placement Agent’s counsel pursuant to this Section 8 
shall not be reasonably satisfactory in form and substance to the Placement 
Agent and to Placement Agent’s counsel, all obligations of the Placement 
Agent hereunder may be cancelled by the Placement Agent at, or at any time 
prior to, the consummation of the Closing. Notice of such cancellation 
shall be given to the Company in writing or orally. Any such oral notice 
shall be confirmed promptly thereafter in writing.
 
SECTION 9.
[Intentionally Omitted.]
 
SECTION 10.
GOVERNING LAW. This Agreement will be governed by, and construed in 
accordance with, the laws of the State of New York applicable to agreements 
made and to be performed entirely in such State. This Agreement may not be 
assigned by either party without the prior written consent of the other 
party. This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the 
parties hereto, and their respective successors and permitted assigns. Any 
right to trial by jury with respect to any dispute arising under this 
Agreement or any transaction or conduct in connection herewith is waived. 
Each of the Placement Agent and the Company: (i) agrees that any legal 
suit, action or proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement 
and/or the transactions contemplated hereby shall be instituted exclusively 
in New York Supreme Court, County of New York, or in the United States 
District Court for the Southern District of New York, (ii) waives any 
objection which it may have or hereafter to the venue of any such suit, 
action or proceeding, and (iii) irrevocably consents to the jurisdiction of 
the New York Supreme Court, County of New York, and the United States 
District Court for the Southern District of New York in any such suit, 
action or proceeding. Each of the Placement Agent and the Company further 
agrees to accept and acknowledge service of any and all process which may 
be served in any such suit, action or proceeding in the New York Supreme 
Court, County of New York, or in the United States District Court for the 
Southern District of New York and agrees that service of process upon the 
Company mailed by certified mail to the Company’s address shall be deemed 
in every respect effective service of process upon the Company, in any such 
suit, action or proceeding, and service of process upon the Placement Agent 
mailed by certified mail to the Placement Agent’s address shall be deemed 
in every respect effective service process upon the Placement Agent, in any 
such suit, action or proceeding. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed 
to limit in any way any right to serve process in any manner permitted by 
law.
 
 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
SECTION 11.
ENTIRE AGREEMENT/MISC. This Agreement (including the attached 
Indemnification Provisions) embodies the entire agreement and understanding 
between the parties hereto, and supersedes all prior agreements and 
understandings, relating to the subject matter hereof. If any provision of 
this Agreement is determined to be invalid or unenforceable in any respect, 
such determination will not affect such provision in any other respect or 
any other provision of this Agreement, which will remain in full force and 
effect. This Agreement may not be amended or otherwise modified or waived 
except by an instrument in writing signed by both Maxim and the Company. 
The representations, warranties, agreements and covenants contained herein 
shall survive the Closing of the Placement and delivery and/or exercise of 
Securities. This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, all 
of which when taken together shall be considered one and the same agreement 
and shall become effective when counterparts have been signed by each party 
and delivered to the other party, it being understood that both parties 
need not sign the same counterpart. In the event that any signature is 
delivered by facsimile transmission or a .pdf format file, such signature 
shall create a valid and binding obligation of the party executing (or on 
whose behalf such signature is executed) with the same force and effect as 
if such facsimile or .pdf signature page were an original thereof. The 
Company agrees that the Placement Agent may rely upon, and is a third party 
beneficiary of, the representations and warranties, and applicable 
covenants set forth in any such purchase, subscription or other agreement 
with the Purchasers in the Placement. All amounts stated in this Agreement 
are in US dollars unless expressly stated.
 
SECTION 12.
NOTICES. Any and all notices or other communications or deliveries required 
or permitted to be provided hereunder shall be in writing and shall be 
deemed given and effective on the earliest of (a) the date of transmission, 
if such notice or communication is sent to the email address specified on 
the signature pages attached hereto prior to 6:30 p.m. (New York City time) 
on a business day, (b) the next business day after the date of 
transmission, if such notice or communication is sent to the email address 
on the signature pages attached hereto on a day that is not a business day 
or later than 6:30 p.m. (New York City time) on any business day, (c) the 
third business day following the date of mailing, if sent by U.S. 
internationally recognized air courier service, or (d) upon actual receipt 
by the party to whom such notice is required to be given. The address for 
such notices and communications shall be as set forth on the signature 
pages hereto.
 
[The remainder of this page has been intentionally left blank.]
 
 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
Please confirm that the foregoing correctly sets forth our agreement by 
signing and returning to Maxim the enclosed copy of this Agreement.
 
 
Very truly yours,
 
 
 
 
 
MAXIM GROUP LLC
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
By: 
/s/ Clifford Teller 
 
 
Name:    
Clifford Teller 
 
 
Title:
Executive Managing Director, Investment Banking 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Address for notice:
 
 
405 Lexington Avenue
 
 
New York, NY 10174
 
 
Attention: James Siegel, General Counsel
 
 
Email: jsiegel@maximgrp.com
 
 
Accepted and Agreed to as of
the date first written above:
 
INTERPACE DIAGNOSTICS GROUP, INC.
 
 
By:    
/s/ Jack E. Stover  
 
Name:    
Jack E. Stover 
 
Title:
President and Chief Executive Officer
 
 
 
 
Address for notice:
 
Morris Corporate Center 1, Building A
300 Interpace Parkway
Parsippany, NJ 07054
 
Email: jstover@interpacedx.com
 
 
[Signature Page to Placement Agency Agreement]
 
 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
ADDENDUM A
 
INDEMNIFICATION PROVISIONS
 
In connection with the engagement of Maxim Group LLC (“Maxim”) by Interpace 
Diagnostics Group, Inc. (the “Company”) pursuant to a letter agreement 
dated January 3, 2017 between the Company and Maxim, as it may be amended 
from time to time in writing (the “Agreement”), the Company hereby agrees 
as follows:
 
1.
The Company hereby agrees to indemnify and hold Maxim, its officers, 
directors, principals, employees, affiliates, and stockholders, and their 
successors and assigns, harmless from and against any and all loss, claim, 
damage, liability, deficiencies, actions, suits, proceedings, costs and 
legal expenses or expense whatsoever (including, but not limited to, 
reasonable legal fees and other expenses and reasonable disbursements 
incurred in connection with investigating, preparing to defend or defending 
any action, suit or proceeding, including any inquiry or investigation, 
commenced or threatened, or any claim whatsoever, or in appearing or 
preparing for appearance as witness in any proceeding, including any 
pretrial proceeding such as a deposition) (collectively the “Losses”) 
arising out of, based upon, or in any way related or attributed to, (i) any 
breach of a representation, warranty or covenant by the Company contained 
in the Agreement; or (ii) any activities or services performed hereunder by 
Maxim related to the transaction referred to in the Agreement, unless it is 
finally judicially determined in a court of competent jurisdiction that 
such Losses were the primary and direct result of the willful misconduct, 
gross negligence or bad faith of Maxim in performing the services 
hereunder.
  	 
2.
If Maxim receives written notice of the commencement of any legal action, 
suit or proceeding with respect to which the Company is or may be obligated 
to provide indemnification pursuant to this Section 2, Maxim shall, within 
twenty (20) days of the receipt of such written notice, give the Company 
written notice thereof (a “Claim Notice”). Failure to give such Claim 
Notice within such twenty (20) day period shall not constitute a waiver by 
Maxim of its right to indemnity hereunder with respect to such action, suit 
or proceeding; provided, however, the indemnification hereunder may be 
limited by any such failure to provide a Claim Notice to the Company that 
materially prejudices the Company. Upon receipt by the Company of a Claim 
Notice from Maxim with respect to any claim for indemnification which is 
based upon a claim made by a third party (“Third Party Claim”), the Company 
may assume the defense of the Third Party Claim with counsel of its own 
choosing, as described below. Maxim shall cooperate in the defense of the 
Third Party Claim and shall furnish such records, information and testimony 
and attend all such conferences, discovery proceedings, hearings, trials 
and appeals as may be reasonably required in connection therewith. Maxim 
shall have the right to employ its own counsel in any such action which 
shall be at the Company’s expense if (i) the Company and Maxim shall have 
mutually agreed in writing to the retention of such counsel, (ii) the 
Company shall have failed in a timely manner to assume the defense and 
employ counsel or experts reasonably satisfactory to Maxim in such 
litigation or proceeding or (iii) the named parties to any such litigation 
or proceeding (including any impleaded parties) include the Company and 
Maxim and representation of the Company and Maxim by the same counsel or 
experts would, in the reasonable opinion of Maxim, be inappropriate due to 
actual or potential differing interests between the Company and Maxim. The 
Company shall not satisfy or settle any Third Party Claim for which 
indemnification has been sought and is available hereunder, without the 
prior written consent of Maxim, which consent shall not be delayed and 
which consent shall not be required if Maxim is granted a release in 
connection therewith. The indemnification provisions hereunder shall 
survive the termination or expiration of this Agreement.
  	 
3.
The Company further agrees, upon demand by Maxim, to promptly reimburse 
Maxim for, or pay, any loss, claim, damage, liability or expense as to 
which Maxim has been indemnified herein with such reimbursement to be made 
currently as any loss, damage, liability or expense is incurred by Maxim. 
Notwithstanding the provisions of the aforementioned Indemnification, any 
such reimbursement or payment by the Company of fees, expenses, or 
disbursements incurred by Maxim shall be repaid by Maxim in the event of 
any proceeding in which a final judgment (after all appeals or the 
expiration of time to appeal) is entered in a court of competent 
jurisdiction against Maxim based solely upon its gross negligence, bad 
faith or willful misconduct in the performance of its duties hereunder, and 
provided further, that the Company shall not be required to make 
reimbursement or payment for any settlement effected without the Company’s 
prior written consent (which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or 
delayed).
  	 
4.
If for any reason the foregoing indemnification is unavailable or is 
insufficient to hold such indemnified party harmless, the Company agrees to 
contribute the amount paid or payable by such indemnified party in such 
proportion as to reflect not only the relative benefits received by the 
Company, as the case may be, on the one hand, and Maxim, on the other hand, 
but also the relative fault of the Company and Maxim as well as any 
relevant equitable considerations. In no event shall Maxim contribute in 
excess of the fees actually received by it pursuant to the terms of this 
Agreement.
  	 
5.
For purposes of this Agreement, each officer, director, stockholder, and 
employee or affiliate of Maxim and each person, if any, who controls Maxim 
(or any affiliate) within the meaning of either Section 15 of the 
Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or Section 20 of the Securities 
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, shall have the same rights as Maxim with 
respect to matters of indemnification by the Company hereunder.
 
[signature page follows]
 
 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
 
MAXIM GROUP LLC
 
 
 
 
 
By: 
/s/ Clifford Teller 
  	
 
Name:    
Clifford Teller 
 
 
Title:
Executive Managing Director, Investment Banking 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Accepted and Agreed to as of
the date first written above:
 
INTERPACE DIAGNOSTICS GROUP, INC.
 
 
By:    
/s/ Jack E. Stover 
 
Name:    
Jack E. Stover
 
Title:    
President and Chief Executive Officer
 
 
[Sig Page to Indemnification Provisions
Pursuant to Placement Agency Agreement] 