 EX-10.1 2 exhibit101.htm EXHIBIT 10.1

ALIGN TECHNOLOGY, INC.

FIFTH AMENDMENT
TO CREDIT AGREEMENT

This FIFTH AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT (this "Amendment") is dated as of 
January 31, 2017 and entered into by and among Align Technology, Inc., a 
Delaware corporation ("Borrower") and Wells Fargo Bank, National 
Association ("Bank").

RECITALS

WHEREAS, Borrower is currently indebted to Bank pursuant to the terms and 
conditions of that certain Credit Agreement dated as of March 22, 2013 (as 
amended, the "Credit Agreement"), by and between Borrower and Bank. 
Capitalized terms used herein without definition shall have the same 
meanings herein as set forth in the Credit Agreement.

WHEREAS, Bank and Borrower have agreed to certain changes in the terms and 
conditions set forth in the Credit Agreement and have agreed to amend the 
Credit Agreement to reflect said changes as set forth below.

NOW, THEREFORE, for valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of 
which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto agree that the Credit 
Agreement shall be amended as follows:

Section 1. AMENDMENTS TO THE CREDIT AGREEMENT

The “Maturity Date” as defined in the Section entitled “LINE OF CREDIT” is 
hereby amended to March 22, 2018.


Section 2. CONDITIONS TO EFFECTIVENESS

Section 1 of this Amendment shall become effective only upon the 
satisfaction of all of the following conditions precedent (the date of 
satisfaction of such conditions being referred to herein as the "Fifth 
Amendment Effective Date"):

A.     On or before the Fifth Amendment Effective Date, Borrower shall 
deliver to Bank executed copies of this Amendment, dated the Fifth 
Amendment Effective Date.

B. Bank shall have executed this Agreement.

C.     On or before the Fifth Amendment Effective Date, all corporate and 
other proceedings taken or to be taken in connection with the transactions 
contemplated hereby and all documents incidental thereto not previously 
found acceptable by Bank and its counsel shall be satisfactory in form and 
substance to Bank and such counsel, and Bank and such counsel shall have 
received all such counterpart originals or certified copies of such 
documents as Bank may reasonably request.


         - 1 -

------------------------------------------------------------------------

Section 3. BORROWER'S REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

In order to induce Bank to enter into this Amendment and to amend the 
Credit Agreement in the manner provided herein, Borrower represents and 
warrants to Bank that the following statements are true, correct and 
complete:

A.     Legal Status. Borrower has all requisite corporate power and 
authority to enter into this Amendment and to carry out the transactions 
contemplated by, and perform its obligations under, the Credit Agreement as 
amended by this Amendment (the "Amended Agreement")

B.     Authorization and Validity. The execution and delivery of this 
Amendment and the performance of the Amended Agreement have been duly 
authorized by all necessary corporate action on the part of Borrower, and 
this Amendment and the Amended Agreement are the legally valid and binding 
agreements and obligations of Borrower or the party which executes the 
same, enforceable against Borrower or the party which executes the same in 
accordance with their respective terms.

C.     No Violation. The execution and delivery by Borrower of this 
Amendment and the performance by Borrower of the Amended Agreement do not 
and will not violate any provision of any law or regulation, or contravene 
any provision of the Articles of Incorporation or By-Laws of Borrower, or 
any of its Subsidiaries or result In any breach of or default under any 
contract, obligation, indenture or other instrument to which Borrower is a 
party or by which Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries may be. bound.

D.     Incorporation of Representations and Warranties From Loan Documents. 
The representations and warranties contained in the Credit Agreement and in 
the other Loan Documents are and will be true and correct in all material 
respects (except for any such representation or warranty that is qualified 
by materiality or reference to a Material Adverse Effect, which such 
representation and warranty shall be true and correct in all respects) on 
and as of the Fifth Amendment Effective Date with the same effect as though 
such representations and warranties were made on and as of that date, 
except to the extent such representations and warranties specifically 
relate.to an earlier date, in which case they were true, correct and 
complete in all material respects on and as of such earlier date (except 
for any such representation or warranty that is qualified by materiality or 
reference to a Material Adverse Effect, which such representation and 
warranty shall be true and correct in all respects as of such earlier 
date).

E.     Absence of Default. No Event of Default and no Potential Event of 
Default has occurred and is continuing or exists or will result from the 
consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Amendment.

Section. 4. MISCELLANEOUS

A.     Reference to and Effect on the Credit Agreement and the Other Loan 
Documents.

                  (i)
On and after the Fifth Amendment Effective Date, each reference in the 
Credit Agreement to "this Agreement", "hereunder", "hereof', "herein" or 
words of like import referring to the Credit Agreement, and each reference 
in the other Loan Documents to the "Credit Agreement", "thereunder", 
"thereof' or words of like import referring to the Credit Agreement shall 
mean and be a referenced to the Amended Agreement.

         - 2 -

------------------------------------------------------------------------


                  (ii)
Except as specifically amended by this Amendment, the Credit Agreement and 
the other Loan Documents shall remain in full force and effect and are 
hereby ratified and confirmed.

                  (iii)
The execution, delivery and performance of this Amendment shall not, except 
as expressly provided herein, constitute a waiver of any provisions of, or 
operate as a waiver of any right, power or remedy of Bank under, the Credit 
Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents.

B.     Fees and Expenses. Borrower acknowledges that all costs, fees and 
expenses as described in the Section of the Credit Agreement entitled 
"MISCELLANEOUS: COSTS, EXPENSES AND ATTORNEYS' FEES" incurred by Bank and 
its counsel with respect to this Amendment and the documents and 
transactions contemplated hereby shall be for the account of Borrower.

C.     Headings. Section and subsection headings in this Amendment are 
included herein for convenience of reference only and shall not constitute 
a part of this Amendment for any other purpose or be given any substantive 
effect.

D.     Applicable Law. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in 
accordance with the laws of the State of California.

E.     Counterparts; Effectiveness. This Amendment may be executed in any 
number of counterparts, each of which when executed and delivered shall be 
deemed to be an original, and all of which when taken together shall 
constitute one and the same Amendment. This Amendment (other than the 
provisions of Section 1 hereof, the effectiveness of which is governed by 
Section 2 hereof) shall become effective upon the execution of a 
counterpart hereof by Borrower and Bank and each of the Loan Parties and 
receipt by Borrower and Bank of written or telephonic notification of such 
execution and authorization of delivery thereof.

         - 3 -

------------------------------------------------------------------------





IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Amendment to be 
duly executed and delivered by their respective officers thereunto duly 
authorized as of the date first written above.

                                                                           
                                                                    

                                      	
                                    ALIGN TECHNOLOGY, INC.
                                      	
                                     
                                     
                                      	
                                    By:
                                    /S/    Roger E. George      
                                      	
                                    Name:
                                    Roger E. George
                                      	
                                    Title:
                                    Vice President, Legal and Corporate
                                      	
                                     
                                    General Counsel
                                      	
                                     
                                     
                                      	
                                    WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION
                                     
                                      	
                                     
                                     
                                      	
                                    By:
                                    /S/    Charles M. Goldberg      
                                      	
                                    Name:
                                    Charles M. Goldberg
                                      	
                                    Title:
                                    Senior Vice President
                                      	
                                     
                                     








         - 4 -

------------------------------------------------------------------------




GUARANTORS' CONSENT AND REAFFIRMATION

Each undersigned guarantor of all indebtedness of ALIGN TECHNOLOGY, INC. to 
WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION hereby: (i) consents to the 
foregoing Amendment; (ii) reaffirms its obligations under its respective 
Continuing Guaranty; (iii) reaffirms its waivers of each and every one of 
the defenses to such obligations as set forth in its respective Continuing 
Guaranty; and (iv) reaffirms that Its obligations under its respective 
Continuing Guaranty are separate and distinct from the obligations of any 
other party under the Credit Agreement (as defined in said Amendment) and 
the other Loan Documents (as defined in the Credit Agreement).

 

GUARANTORS:
 
 
CADENT HOLDINGS, INC.
By:
/S/    Roger E. George      
Name:
Roger E. George
Title:
Secretary
 
 
 
 
CADENT INC.
By:
/S/    Roger E. George      
Name:
Roger E. George
Title:
Vice President and Secretary





         - 5 -

