 EX-10.3 5 d260662dex103.htm EX-10.3
Exhibit 10.3

EXECUTION COPY




EMPLOYEE MATTERS AGREEMENT

By and Between

XEROX CORPORATION

and

CONDUENT INCORPORATED

Dated as of December 30, 2016

------------------------------------------------------------------------
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
  	  	  	   	Page 	 
ARTICLE I 	  
Definitions 	  
SECTION 1.01. 	  	
 Definitions
   	  	1 	  
ARTICLE II 	  
General Principles 	  
SECTION 2.01. 	  	
 Conduent Employees
   	  	9 	  
SECTION 2.02. 	  	
 Transferred Employees
   	  	9 	  
SECTION 2.03. 	  	
 Collectively Bargained Employees
   	  	11 	  
SECTION 2.04. 	  	
 Employee Liabilities Generally
   	  	11 	  
SECTION 2.05. 	  	
 Service Providers
   	  	11 	  
SECTION 2.06. 	  	
 Employee Benefits Generally
   	  	12 	  
SECTION 2.07. 	  	
 Payroll Services
   	  	12 	  
SECTION 2.08. 	  	
 Assumed Individual Agreements
   	  	12 	  
SECTION 2.09. 	  	
 No Change in Control
   	  	13 	  
SECTION 2.10. 	  	
 Non-Termination of Employment or Benefits
   	  	13 	  
SECTION 2.11. 	  	
 No Right to Continued Employment
   	  	14 	  
ARTICLE III 	  
Annual Performance Incentive Plan; Incentive Awards 	  
SECTION 3.01. 	  	
 Conduent Annual Incentives
   	  	14 	  
SECTION 3.02. 	  	
 Annual Incentive Reimbursements
   	  	14 	  
SECTION 3.03. 	  	
 Separation Incentive Awards
   	  	15 	  
SECTION 3.04. 	  	
 No Transfer of Assets Pertaining to Incentive Awards
   	  	15 	  
ARTICLE IV 	  
Service Credit 	  
SECTION 4.01. 	  	
 Xerox Benefit Plans
   	  	16 	  
SECTION 4.02. 	  	
 Conduent Benefit Plans
   	  	16 	  
 
i

------------------------------------------------------------------------
ARTICLE V 	  
Certain Welfare Benefit Plan Matters 	  
SECTION 5.01. 	  	
 Participation in Welfare Plans
   	  	16 	  
SECTION 5.02. 	  	
 Allocation of Welfare Benefit Claims
   	  	17 	  
SECTION 5.03. 	  	
 Workers’ Compensation Claims
   	  	18 	  
SECTION 5.04. 	  	
 COBRA
   	  	18 	  
SECTION 5.05. 	  	
 Health Savings and Flexible Spending Accounts
   	  	19 	  
SECTION 5.06. 	  	
 HSA Premium Contribution Reimbursements
   	  	20 	  
SECTION 5.07. 	  	
 No Transfer of Assets Pertaining to Welfare Plans
   	  	20 	  
ARTICLE VI 	  
Defined Benefit Pension Plans 	  
SECTION 6.01. 	  	
 Xerox Defined Benefit Pension Plan
   	  	20 	  
SECTION 6.02. 	  	
 Bridge to Early Retirement
   	  	21 	  
SECTION 6.03. 	  	
 Miscellaneous
   	  	21 	  
SECTION 6.04. 	  	
 Xerox UK Pension Plan
   	  	21 	  
SECTION 6.05. 	  	
 No Distributions
   	  	21 	  
SECTION 6.06. 	  	
 Tax Reporting
   	  	21 	  
SECTION 6.07. 	  	
 No Transfer of Assets Pertaining to Pension Plans
   	  	22 	  
ARTICLE VII 	  
Defined Contribution Plans 	  
SECTION 7.01. 	  	
 Conduent 401(k) Plan
   	  	22 	  
SECTION 7.02. 	  	
 401(k) Rollover
   	  	22 	  
SECTION 7.03. 	  	
 Stock Considerations
   	  	23 	  
SECTION 7.04. 	  	
 Defined Contribution Plans
   	  	23 	  
SECTION 7.05. 	  	
 Employer Contributions
   	  	24 	  
SECTION 7.06. 	  	
 Cooperation
   	  	25 	  
SECTION 7.07. 	  	
 No Distributions
   	  	25 	  
SECTION 7.08. 	  	
 No Transfer of Assets Pertaining to Defined Contribution Plans
   	  	25 	  
SECTION 7.09. 	  	
 Limitation of Liability
   	  	25 	  
ARTICLE VIII 	  
Nonqualified Deferred Compensation 	  
SECTION 8.01. 	  	
 Xerox Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Plans
   	  	25 	  
SECTION 8.02. 	  	
 Conduent Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Plans
   	  	26 	  
SECTION 8.03. 	  	
 Cooperation
   	  	26 	  
SECTION 8.04. 	  	
 No Distributions
   	  	26 	  
 
ii

------------------------------------------------------------------------
SECTION 8.05. 	  	
 No Transfer of Assets Pertaining to Nonqualified Deferred Compensation
 Plans
   	  	26 	  
SECTION 8.06. 	  	
 Limitation of Liability
   	  	27 	  
ARTICLE IX 	  
Xerox Equity Compensation Awards 	  
SECTION 9.01. 	  	
 Adoption of the Conduent Equity Incentive Plan
   	  	27 	  
SECTION 9.02. 	  	
 Treatment of Outstanding Awards
   	  	27 	  
SECTION 9.03. 	  	
 Employer Tax Obligations; Tax Deductions
   	  	29 	  
SECTION 9.04. 	  	
 Compliance with Applicable Law
   	  	29 	  
SECTION 9.05. 	  	
 Equity Award Administration
   	  	29 	  
ARTICLE X 	  
Cooperation; Production of Witnesses; Compensation Deductions 	  
SECTION 10.01. 	  	
 Cooperation
   	  	29 	  
SECTION 10.02. 	  	
 Production of Witnesses; Records
   	  	30 	  
SECTION 10.03. 	  	
 Compensation Deductions
   	  	30 	  
ARTICLE XI 	  
Termination 	  
SECTION 11.01. 	  	
 Termination
   	  	31 	  
SECTION 11.02. 	  	
 Effect of Termination
   	  	31 	  
ARTICLE XII 	  
Indemnification 	  
SECTION 12.01. 	  	
 Incorporation of Indemnification Provisions of Separation Agreement
   	  	31 	  
ARTICLE XIII 	  
Further Assurances and Additional Covenants 	  
SECTION 13.01. 	  	
 Further Assurances
   	  	31 	  
 
iii

------------------------------------------------------------------------
ARTICLE XIV 	  
Miscellaneous 	  
SECTION 14.01. 	  	
 Data Privacy
   	  	31 	  
SECTION 14.02. 	  	
 Section 409A
   	  	32 	  
SECTION 14.03. 	  	
 Confidentiality
   	  	32 	  
SECTION 14.04. 	  	
 Counterparts; Entire Agreement; Corporate Power
   	  	32 	  
SECTION 14.05. 	  	
 Governing Law; Jurisdiction
   	  	32 	  
SECTION 14.06. 	  	
 Assignability
   	  	32 	  
SECTION 14.07. 	  	
 No Third-Party Beneficiaries
   	  	32 	  
SECTION 14.08. 	  	
 Employment Tax Reporting Responsibility
   	  	32 	  
SECTION 14.09. 	  	
 Notices
   	  	33 	  
SECTION 14.10. 	  	
 Severability
   	  	34 	  
SECTION 14.11. 	  	
 Headings
   	  	34 	  
SECTION 14.12. 	  	
 Survival of Covenants
   	  	34 	  
SECTION 14.13. 	  	
 Waivers of Default
   	  	34 	  
SECTION 14.14. 	  	
 Specific Performance
   	  	34 	  
SECTION 14.15. 	  	
 Amendments
   	  	35 	  
SECTION 14.16. 	  	
 Interpretation
   	  	35 	  
 
 SCHEDULE 1.01(a): Delayed Inactive Transferred to Conduent Employees
   	  	S-1 	  
 SCHEDULE 1.01(b): Delayed Active Transferred to Conduent Employees
   	  	S-2 	  
 SCHEDULE 1.01(c): Delayed Inactive Transferred to Xerox Employees
   	  	S-3 	  
 SCHEDULE 1.01(d): Delayed Active Transferred to Xerox Employees
   	  	S-4 	  
 SCHEDULE 1.01(e): Local Agreements
   	  	S-5 	  
 SCHEDULE 2.08: Certain Individual Agreements
   	  	S-6 	  
 SCHEDULE 6.03: Miscellaneous
   	  	S-7 	  
 
iv

------------------------------------------------------------------------
EMPLOYEE MATTERS AGREEMENT (this “Agreement”), dated as of December 30, 
2016, by and between XEROX CORPORATION, a New York corporation (“Xerox”), 
and CONDUENT INCORPORATED, a New York corporation, and a wholly owned 
subsidiary of Xerox (“Conduent”, and together with Xerox, the “Parties”).


R E C I T A L S

WHEREAS the Parties are entering into the Separation and Distribution 
Agreement (the “Separation Agreement”) concurrently herewith, pursuant to 
which Xerox intends to distribute its entire interest in its wholly owned 
Subsidiary, Conduent, by way of a dividend of stock to be made to holders 
of shares of Xerox Common Stock; and

WHEREAS the Parties wish to set forth their agreements as to certain 
matters regarding employment, compensation, employee benefits and 
arrangements with non-employee service providers.

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual agreements, provisions and 
covenants contained in this Agreement, the Parties, intending to be legally 
bound, hereby agree as follows:


ARTICLE I

Definitions

SECTION 1.01. Definitions. For purposes of this Agreement, the following 
terms shall have the following meanings. All capitalized terms used but not 
defined herein shall have the meanings assigned to them in the Separation 
Agreement unless otherwise indicated.

“Ancillary Agreements” shall have the meaning set forth in the Separation 
Agreement.

“APIP” shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3.01.

“Applicable Exchange” shall mean the New York Stock Exchange, or such other 
securities exchange as may, at the applicable time, be the principal market 
for the Xerox Common Stock or the Conduent Common Stock, as the case may 
be.

“Asset” shall have the meaning set forth in the Separation Agreement.

“Benefit Plan” shall mean any plan, program, policy, agreement, arrangement 
or understanding that is an employment, consulting, deferred compensation, 
executive compensation, incentive bonus or other bonus, employee pension, 
profit sharing, savings, retirement, supplemental retirement, stock option, 
performance share,
 
1

------------------------------------------------------------------------
stock purchase, stock appreciation right, restricted stock, restricted 
stock unit, deferred stock unit, other equity-based compensation, severance 
pay, retention, change in control, salary continuation, life insurance, 
death benefit, health, hospitalization, sick leave, vacation pay, workers’ 
compensation, disability or accident insurance or other employee benefit 
plan, program, agreement or arrangement, including any “employee benefit 
plan” (as defined in Section 3(3) of ERISA) (whether or not subject to 
ERISA).

“COBRA” shall mean the U.S. Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act 
of 1985, as amended.

“Code” shall mean the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended.

“Collective Bargaining Agreement” shall mean each collective bargaining, 
works council or other labor union contract or labor arrangement (including 
any national, sector or local collective bargaining agreement).

“Conduent” shall have the meaning set forth in the preamble.

“Conduent 401(k) Plan” shall have the meaning set forth in Section 7.01.

“Conduent Benefit Plan” shall mean any Benefit Plan sponsored, maintained 
or, unless such Benefit Plan is sponsored or maintained by a member of the 
Xerox Group, contributed to by any member of the Conduent Group.

“Conduent Common Stock” shall have the meaning set forth in the Separation 
Agreement.

“Conduent DC Plan” shall have the meaning set forth in Section 7.04.

“Conduent Employee” shall mean (a) each individual employed by a member of 
the Conduent Group as of immediately prior to the Distribution, including 
any individual who is not actively at work due to a leave of absence 
(including vacation, holiday, illness, injury, short-term disability or 
long-term disability) from which such employee is permitted to return to 
active employment in accordance with the Conduent Group’s personnel 
policies, as in effect from time to time, or applicable Law and (b) each 
individual who becomes an active employee of a member of the Conduent Group 
following the Distribution; provided that, except as otherwise expressly 
provided herein, “Conduent Employees” shall (i) include Delayed Transferred 
to Conduent Employees who transfer to or accept an offer of employment from 
a member of the Conduent Group as described in Section 2.02(b) and (ii) 
exclude Delayed Transferred to Xerox Employees who transfer to or accept an 
offer of employment from a member of the Xerox Group as described in 
Section 2.02(c).

“Conduent Equity Award Conversion Ratio” shall mean the quotient obtained 
by dividing (a) the Xerox Pre-Distribution Stock Value by (b) the Conduent 
Post-Distribution Stock Value.

“Conduent Group” shall have the meaning set forth in the Separation 
Agreement.
 
2

------------------------------------------------------------------------
“Conduent Health Savings Account” shall mean each health savings account 
under a Conduent Benefit Plan that is a health savings account plan.

“Conduent HSA Premium Contribution” shall have the meaning set forth in 
Section 5.05.

“Conduent Indemnitees” shall have the meaning set forth in the Separation 
Agreement.

“Conduent Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Plan” shall mean each 
nonqualified Conduent Benefit Plan that provides employees or non-employee 
directors an opportunity to defer compensation, excluding any Conduent DC 
Plan or Conduent Benefit Plan that provides defined benefit pension 
benefits.

“Conduent Option” shall have the meaning set forth in Section 9.02(a).

“Conduent RSU” shall have the meaning set forth in Section 9.02(b).

“Conduent Post-Distribution Stock Value” shall mean the volume weighted 
average price of Conduent Common Stock trading on the Applicable Exchange 
on the first Trading Day immediately following the Distribution Date, as 
reported by The Wall Street Journal or, if not reported therein, in another 
authoritative source selected by Xerox in its sole discretion.

“Conduent Reimbursement Bonuses” shall have the meaning set forth in 
Section 3.02(b).

“Conduent Savings Plan” shall mean the Xerox Business Services Savings 
Plan, as amended from time to time.

“Conduent Welfare Plan” shall mean each Conduent Benefit Plan that is a 
Welfare Plan.

“Conduent Workers’ Compensation Plan” shall have the meaning set forth in 
Section 5.03.

“Consent” shall have the meaning set forth in the Separation Agreement.

“Delayed Transferred to Conduent Employee” shall mean each individual who 
(a)(i) is not actively at work as of immediately prior to the Distribution 
due to a leave of absence as a result of a short-term or long-term 
disability from which such individual is permitted to return to active 
employment in accordance with the Xerox Group’s personnel policies, as in 
effect from time to time, or applicable Law, (ii) was employed primarily in 
the United States by a member of the Xerox Group as of immediately prior to 
the commencement of such leave and (iii) has been selected by Xerox prior 
to the date hereof, in its sole discretion in connection with the Spin-Off, 
to be
 
3

------------------------------------------------------------------------
transferred to a member of the Conduent Group upon such individual’s return 
to active employment, or (b) is actively at work as of immediately prior to 
the Distribution and has been selected by Xerox prior to the date hereof, 
in its sole discretion in connection with the Spin-Off, to be transferred 
to a member of the Conduent Group following the Distribution. Schedule 
1.01(a) sets forth a list of each Delayed Transferred to Conduent Employee 
described in clause (a) of the preceding sentence, and Schedule 1.01(b) 
sets forth a list of each Delayed Transferred to Conduent Employee 
described in clause (b) of the preceding sentence, in each case as of the 
date hereof. Xerox shall update Schedules 1.01(a) and 1.01(b) as soon as 
reasonably practicable following the date hereof so that they are accurate 
as of immediately prior to the Distribution. In addition, the Parties may 
update Schedule 1.01(b) following the date hereof by mutual agreement in 
writing.

“Delayed Transferred to Xerox Employees” shall mean each individual who 
(a)(i) is not actively at work as of immediately prior to the Distribution 
due to a leave of absence as a result of a short-term or long-term 
disability from which such individual is permitted to return to active 
employment in accordance with the Conduent Group’s personnel policies, as 
in effect from time to time, or applicable Law, (ii) was employed primarily 
in the United States by a member of the Conduent Group as of immediately 
prior to the commencement of such leave and (iii) has been selected by 
Xerox prior to the date hereof, in its sole discretion in connection with 
the Spin-Off, to be transferred to a member of the Xerox Group upon such 
individual’s return to active employment, or (b) is actively at work as of 
immediately prior to the Distribution and has been selected by Xerox prior 
to the date hereof, in its sole discretion in connection with the Spin-Off, 
to be transferred to a member of the Xerox Group following the 
Distribution. Schedule 1.01(c) sets forth a list of each Delayed 
Transferred to Xerox Employee described in clause (a) of the preceding 
sentence, and Schedule 1.01(d) sets forth a list of each Delayed 
Transferred to Xerox Employee described in clause (b) of the preceding 
sentence, in each case as of the date hereof. Xerox shall update Schedules 
1.01(c) and 1.01(d) as soon as reasonably practicable following the date 
hereof so that they are accurate as of immediately prior to the 
Distribution. In addition, the Parties may update Schedule 1.01(d) 
following the date hereof by mutual agreement in writing.

“Distribution” shall have the meaning set forth in the Separation 
Agreement.

“Distribution Date” shall have the meaning set forth in the Separation 
Agreement.

“Employing Party” shall have the meaning set forth in Section 10.03.

“Employment Taxes” shall mean all fees, Taxes, social insurance payments or 
similar contributions to a fund of a Governmental Authority with respect to 
wages or other compensation of an employee or other service provider.

“ERISA” shall mean the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as 
amended.
 
4

------------------------------------------------------------------------
“Final Determination” shall have the meaning set forth in the TMA.

“Former Conduent Employee” shall mean each individual who is a former 
employee as of immediately prior to the Distribution and who was employed 
by a member of the Conduent Group as of immediately prior to his or her 
employment termination.

“Former Xerox Employee” shall mean each individual who is a former employee 
as of immediately prior to the Distribution and who was employed by a 
member of the Xerox Group as of immediately prior to his or her employment 
termination.

“Governmental Authority” shall have the meaning set forth in the Separation 
Agreement.

“Individual Agreement” shall mean any individual employment contract or 
other similar agreement that specifically pertains to any Conduent 
Employee, Former Conduent Employee, Xerox Employee or Former Xerox 
Employee.

“Information” shall have the meaning set forth in the Separation Agreement.

“Law” shall have the meaning set forth in the Separation Agreement.

“Liabilities” shall have the meaning set forth in the Separation Agreement. 
For the avoidance of doubt, for purposes of this Agreement, “Liabilities” 
shall include liabilities relating to employment litigation and the 
employer-paid portion of any employment and payroll taxes.

“Non-U.S. Conduent Employee” shall mean a Conduent Employee who works 
primarily outside of the United States.

“RIGP” shall have the meaning set forth in Section 6.01.

“Service Provider” shall mean any Person providing services for another 
Person, whether as an independent contractor or other similar role (other 
than as an employee), including, for the avoidance of doubt, any 
non-employee member of the board of directors of Xerox.

“Specified Performance Factor” shall mean:

(a) In the case of Xerox Performance Shares relating to the performance 
period beginning January 1, 2015 and ending December 31, 2017, (i) with 
respect to two-thirds of the award, the actual level of achievement of all 
relevant performance goals through December 31, 2016, as determined by the 
board of directors of Xerox (or the appropriate committee thereof) as soon 
as reasonably practicable following December 31, 2016, and (ii) with 
respect to the remaining one-third of the award, the target level 
achievement of all relevant performance goals;
 
5

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(b) In the case of Xerox Performance Shares relating to the performance 
period beginning January 1, 2014 and ending December 31, 2016 or the 
performance period beginning January 1, 2016 and ending December 31, 2016, 
the actual level of achievement of all relevant performance goals through 
December 31, 2016, as determined by the board of directors of Xerox (or the 
appropriate committee thereof) as soon as reasonably practicable following 
December 31, 2016; and

(c) In the case of Xerox Performance Shares relating to the performance 
period beginning January 1, 2013 and ending December 31, 2015, the actual 
level of achievement of all relevant performance goals, as determined by 
the board of directors of Xerox (or the appropriate committee thereof) 
prior to the date hereof.

“Spin-Off” shall have the meaning set forth in the Separation Agreement.

“Subsidiary” shall have the meaning set forth in the Separation Agreement.

“Tax Authority” shall have the meaning set forth in the TMA.

“Tax Benefit” shall have the meaning set forth in the TMA.

“Tax Rate” shall have the meaning set forth in Section 10.03.

“Tax Return” shall have the meaning set forth in the TMA.

“Taxes” shall have the meaning set forth in the TMA.

“TMA” shall have the meaning set forth in the Separation Agreement.

“Trading Day” shall mean the period of time during any given calendar day, 
commencing with the determination of the opening price on the Applicable 
Exchange and ending with the determination of the closing price on the 
Applicable Exchange.

“Transfer Time” shall mean, (i) with respect to each Transferred to Xerox 
Employee or Delayed Transferred to Xerox Employee, the time at which such 
individual commences employment with a member of the Xerox Group and (ii) 
with respect to each Transferred to Conduent Employee or Delayed 
Transferred to Conduent Employee, the time at which such individual 
commences employment with a member of the Conduent Group.

“Transferred to Conduent Employee” shall have the meaning set forth in 
Section 2.02(a).
 
6

------------------------------------------------------------------------
“Transferred to Xerox Employee” shall have the meaning set forth in 
Section 2.02(a).

“TSA” shall have the meaning set forth in the Separation Agreement.

“UK DC Plan” shall mean the UK pension scheme governed by the UK DC Plan 
Local Agreement.

“UK DC Plan Local Agreement” shall have the meaning set forth in Schedule 
1.01(e).

“Welfare Plan” shall mean each Benefit Plan that provides life insurance, 
health care, dental care, accidental death and dismemberment insurance, 
disability, severance, vacation, flexible spending accounts or other group 
welfare or fringe benefits.

“Workers’ Compensation Event” shall have the meaning set forth in Section 
5.03.

“Xerox” shall have the meaning set forth in the preamble.

“Xerox 401(k) Plan” shall have the meaning set forth in Section 7.02.

“Xerox Benefit Plan” shall mean any Benefit Plan sponsored, maintained or, 
unless such Benefit Plan is sponsored or maintained by a member of the 
Conduent Group, contributed to by any member of the Xerox Group.

“Xerox Common Stock” shall have the meaning set forth in the Separation 
Agreement.

“Xerox DB Pension Plans” shall have the meaning set forth in Section 6.01.

“Xerox DC Plan” shall have the meaning set forth in Section 7.04(b).

“Xerox Employee” shall mean (a) each individual employed by a member of the 
Xerox Group as of immediately prior to the Distribution, including any 
individual who is not actively at work due to a leave of absence (including 
vacation, holiday, illness, injury, short-term disability or long-term 
disability) from which such employee is permitted to return to active 
employment in accordance with the Xerox Group’s personnel policies, as in 
effect from time to time, or applicable Law and (b) each individual who 
becomes an active employee of a member of the Xerox Group following the 
Distribution; provided that, except as otherwise set forth herein, “Xerox 
Employees” shall (i) include Delayed Transferred to Xerox Employees who 
transfer to or accept an offer of employment from a member of the Xerox 
Group as described in Section 2.02(c) and (ii) exclude Delayed Transferred 
to Conduent Employees who transfer to or accept an offer of employment from 
a member of the Conduent as described in Section 2.02(b).

“Xerox ESOP” shall mean the Xerox Corporation Employee Stock Ownership 
Plan, as amended from time to time.
 
7

------------------------------------------------------------------------
“Xerox Equity Awards” shall mean Xerox Options, Xerox RSUs and Xerox 
Performance Shares.

“Xerox Flexible Spending Account” shall mean each Xerox Benefit Plan that 
is a flexible spending arrangement under a cafeteria plan qualifying under 
Section 125 of the Code.

“Xerox Group” shall have the meaning set forth in the Separation Agreement.

“Xerox Health Savings Account” shall mean each health savings account under 
a Xerox Benefit Plan that is a health savings account plan.

“Xerox HSA Premium Contribution” shall have the meaning set forth in 
Section 5.05.

“Xerox Indemnitee” shall have the meaning set forth in the Separation 
Agreement.

“Xerox Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Plan” shall mean Xerox’s 2004 
Equity Compensation Plan for Non-Employee Directors, Xerox’s Deferred 
Compensation Plan for Directors, Xerox’s Deferred Compensation Plan for 
Executives, each as amended and restated, and any other nonqualified Xerox 
Benefit Plan that provides employees or non-employee directors an 
opportunity to defer compensation, excluding any Xerox DB Pension Plan or 
Xerox DC Plan.

“Xerox Option” shall mean each award of an option to purchase shares of 
Xerox Common Stock, whether granted pursuant to an equity-based incentive 
compensation plan or otherwise.

“Xerox Performance Shares” shall mean each award of performance shares 
payable in whole or in part in shares of Xerox Common Stock, or the value 
of which is determined with reference to the value of shares of Xerox 
Common Stock, whether granted pursuant to an equity-based incentive 
compensation plan or otherwise.

“Xerox Pre-Distribution Stock Value” shall mean the closing per share price 
of Xerox Common Stock trading “regular way with due bills” on the 
Applicable Exchange on the Distribution Date, or, if such date is not a 
Trading Day, on the last Trading Day preceding the Distribution Date, as 
reported by The Wall Street Journal or, if not reported therein, in another 
authoritative source selected by Xerox in its sole discretion.

“Xerox Reimbursement Bonuses” shall have the meaning set forth in Section 
3.02(a).

“Xerox RSU” shall mean each award of restricted stock units payable in 
whole or in part in shares of Xerox Common Stock, or the value of which is 
determined with reference to the value of shares of Xerox Common Stock, 
whether granted pursuant to an equity-based incentive compensation plan or 
otherwise, but excluding any deferred stock units granted to non-employee 
directors under a Xerox Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Plan.
 
8

------------------------------------------------------------------------
“Xerox Savings Plan” shall mean the Xerox Corporation Savings Plan, as 
amended from time to time.

“Xerox Supplemental Savings Plan” shall mean the Xerox Corporation 
Supplemental Savings Plan, as amended from time to time.

“Xerox UK Pension Plan” shall mean the Xerox Benefit Plan that is a defined 
benefit pension plan maintained for the benefit of employees in the United 
Kingdom.

“Xerox Welfare Plan” shall mean each Xerox Benefit Plan that is a Welfare 
Plan.

“Xerox Workers’ Compensation Plan” shall have the meaning set forth in 
Section 5.03.


ARTICLE II

General Principles

SECTION 2.01. Conduent Employees. All Conduent Employees as of immediately 
prior to the Distribution shall continue to be employees of the Conduent 
Group immediately following the Distribution.

SECTION 2.02. Transferred Employees. (a) Prior to the Distribution Date, 
the Parties shall, and shall cause their Subsidiaries to, use reasonable 
best efforts to (i) transfer or cause to be transferred (whether 
automatically pursuant to applicable Law or pursuant to an offer of 
employment) from a member of the Xerox Group to a member of the Conduent 
Group the employment of each individual who has been selected by Xerox 
prior to the date hereof, in its sole discretion in connection with the 
Spin-Off, to be so transferred (each such employee, a “Transferred to 
Conduent Employee”) and (ii) transfer or cause to be transferred (whether 
automatically pursuant to applicable Law or pursuant to an offer of 
employment) from a member of the Conduent Group to a member of the Xerox 
Group the employment of each individual who has been selected by Xerox 
prior to the date hereof, in its sole discretion in connection with the 
Spin-Off, to be so transferred (each such employee, a “Transferred to Xerox 
Employee”).

(b) Delayed Transferred to Conduent Employees. (i) Except as otherwise 
required by applicable Law, following the Distribution, the Parties shall, 
and shall cause their Subsidiaries to, use reasonable best efforts to 
transfer or cause to be transferred (whether automatically pursuant to 
applicable Law or
 
9

------------------------------------------------------------------------
pursuant to an offer of employment) from a member of the Xerox Group to a 
member of the Conduent Group the employment of each Delayed Transferred to 
Conduent Employee set forth on Schedule 1.01(a) who returns to active 
employment as permitted by, and in accordance with, the Xerox Group’s 
personnel policies, as in effect from time to time, or applicable Law, 
under terms and conditions of employment that are substantially similar in 
the aggregate to those provided to such individual as of immediately prior 
to such individual’s leave of absence and each Delayed Transferred to 
Conduent Employee set forth on Schedule 1.01(b) under terms and conditions 
of employment that are substantially similar in the aggregate to those 
provided to such individual as of immediately prior to such transfer.

(ii) Except as otherwise expressly provided in this Agreement or in the 
TSA, effective as of the date of the commencement of a Delayed Transferred 
to Conduent Employee’s employment with a member of the Conduent Group in 
accordance with this Section 2.02(b), or such other time as may be agreed 
in writing by the Parties, the members of the Conduent Group shall assume 
all Liabilities outstanding as of the date of such transfer of the type or 
nature that would have been assumed or retained by such members of the 
Conduent Group had such Delayed Transferred to Conduent Employee been 
employed by a member of the Conduent Group as of the Distribution Date.

(c) Delayed Transferred to Xerox Employees. (i) Except as otherwise 
required by applicable Law, following the Distribution, the Parties shall, 
and shall cause their Subsidiaries to, use reasonable best efforts to 
transfer or cause to be transferred (whether automatically pursuant to 
applicable Law or pursuant to an offer of employment) from a member of the 
Conduent Group to a member of the Xerox Group the employment of each 
Delayed Transferred to Xerox Employee set forth on Schedule 1.01(c) who 
returns to active employment as permitted by, and in accordance with, the 
Conduent Group’s personnel policies, as in effect from time to time, or 
applicable Law, under terms and conditions of employment that are 
substantially similar in the aggregate to those provided to such individual 
as of immediately prior to such individual’s leave of absence and each 
Delayed Transferred to Xerox Employee set forth on Schedule 1.01(d) under 
terms and conditions of employment that are substantially similar in the 
aggregate to those provided to such individual as of immediately prior to 
such transfer.

(ii) Except as otherwise expressly provided in this Agreement or in the 
TSA, effective as of the date of the commencement of a Delayed Transferred 
to Xerox Employee’s employment with a member of the Xerox Group in 
accordance with this Section 2.02(c) or such other time as may be agreed in 
writing by the Parties, the members of the Xerox Group shall assume all 
Liabilities outstanding as of the date of such transfer of the type or 
nature that would have been assumed or retained by such members of the 
Xerox Group had such Delayed Transferred to Xerox Employee been employed by 
a member of the Xerox Group as of the Distribution Date.
 
10

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(d) Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing in this Section 2.02 shall be 
interpreted as requiring either Party nor any member of their respective 
Groups to provide any Transferred to Conduent Employee, Delayed Transferred 
to Conduent Employee, Transferred to Xerox Employee or Delayed Transferred 
to Xerox Employee with any additional compensation or benefits or to pay 
any consideration or grant any concession in order to effectuate the 
transfers described herein.

SECTION 2.03. Collectively Bargained Employees. Conduent hereby assumes all 
Liabilities arising under each Collective Bargaining Agreement with respect 
to Non-U.S. Conduent Employees, and shall cause the appropriate member of 
the Conduent Group to, join any industrial, employer, national or similar 
association or federation to the extent necessary for such Collective 
Bargaining Agreement to continue to apply following the Distribution Date.

SECTION 2.04. Employee Liabilities Generally. Except as otherwise expressly 
provided in this Agreement, (a) the members of the Conduent Group hereby 
assume or retain, and shall be responsible for paying, performing, 
fulfilling and discharging in accordance with their respective terms, all 
actual or potential employee-related Liabilities relating to individuals 
who were or are employed by a member of the Conduent Group to the extent 
incurred with respect to periods during which such individuals were or are 
so employed by such member of the Conduent Group, whether arising prior to, 
on or following the Distribution (and regardless of whether such employees 
are or were employed by a member of the Xerox Group during other periods), 
and (b) the members of the Xerox Group hereby assume or retain, and shall 
be responsible for paying, performing, fulfilling and discharging in 
accordance with their respective terms, all actual or potential 
employee-related Liabilities relating to individuals who were or are 
employed by such member of the Xerox Group to the extent incurred with 
respect to periods during which such individuals were or are so employed by 
a member of the Xerox Group, whether arising prior to, on or following the 
Distribution (and regardless of whether such employees are or were employed 
by a member of the Conduent Group during other periods).

SECTION 2.05. Service Providers. Except as provided in Section 8.01 with 
respect to nonqualified deferred compensation benefits provided to 
non-employee members of the board of directors of Xerox or as otherwise 
expressly provided in this Agreement, the provisions of this Agreement 
shall not apply to Service Providers, and all actual or potential 
compensation and benefits-related Liabilities relating to services provided 
by Service Providers to any member of the Conduent Group or any member of 
the Xerox Group during any period, including (i) Liabilities relating to 
the misclassification of any Person as a Service Provider and not as an 
employee, (ii) Liabilities for Taxes (including any Employment Taxes) with 
respect to services provided by any Service Provider and (iii) any claims 
made by any Service Provider with respect to benefits under any Benefit 
Plan, shall be allocated among the members of the Conduent Group and the 
members of the Xerox Group in accordance with the cost center to which such 
Service Provider’s services are or were charged and/or the method of 
allocating the costs and expenses of such services as in effect as of the 
date hereof (or as of the date of the termination of such Service 
Provider’s services, if earlier).
 
11

------------------------------------------------------------------------
SECTION 2.06. Employee Benefits Generally. Except as otherwise expressly 
provided in this Agreement or in the TSA, effective as of no later than the 
Distribution Date, each Conduent Employee and each Former Conduent Employee 
(and each of their respective dependents and beneficiaries) shall cease 
active participation in the Xerox Benefit Plans, each member of the 
Conduent Group shall cease to be a participating employer in the Xerox 
Benefit Plans and the Conduent Employees shall commence participation or 
continue to participate in the Conduent Benefit Plans in accordance with 
their terms as in effect from time to time. Except as otherwise expressly 
provided in this Agreement or in the TSA, effective as of no later than the 
Distribution Date, each Xerox Employee and each Former Xerox Employee (and 
each of their respective dependents and beneficiaries) shall cease active 
participation in the Conduent Benefit Plans, each member of the Xerox Group 
shall cease to be a participating employer in the Conduent Benefit Plans 
and the Xerox Employees shall commence participation or continue to 
participate in the Xerox Benefit Plans in accordance with their terms as in 
effect from time to time. Except as otherwise expressly provided in this 
Agreement, (a) the members of the Conduent Group hereby assume or retain, 
and shall be responsible for paying, performing, fulfilling and discharging 
in accordance with their respective terms, all actual or potential 
Liabilities arising out of or relating to the Conduent Benefit Plans, 
including, for the avoidance of doubt, any such Liabilities relating to 
Xerox Employees or Former Xerox Employees, and (b) the members of the Xerox 
Group hereby assume or retain, and shall be responsible for paying, 
performing, fulfilling and discharging in accordance with their respective 
terms, all actual or potential Liabilities arising out of or relating to 
the Xerox Benefit Plans, including, for the avoidance of doubt, any such 
Liabilities relating to Conduent Employees and Former Conduent Employees.

SECTION 2.07. Payroll Services. Except as otherwise expressly provided in 
the TSA, following the Distribution, (a) the members of the Conduent Group 
shall be solely responsible for providing payroll services to the Conduent 
Employees and Former Conduent Employees and for any Liabilities with 
respect to garnishments of the salary and wages thereof and (b) the members 
of the Xerox Group shall be solely responsible for providing payroll 
services to the Xerox Employees and Former Xerox Employees and for any 
Liabilities with respect to garnishments of the salary and wages thereof, 
in each case including any payroll period already in progress as of 
immediately prior to the Distribution.

SECTION 2.08. Assumed Individual Agreements. (a) Effective as of the 
Distribution Date, each change of control, employment, severance or other 
Individual Agreement between a member of the Xerox Group, on the one hand, 
and a Conduent Employee or Former Conduent Employee, on the other hand, 
including those listed on Schedule 2.08, shall be assigned by the 
applicable member of the Xerox Group to, and shall be assumed by, an 
appropriate member of the Conduent Group, with such modifications as the 
applicable member of the Conduent Group deems appropriate in its sole 
discretion, and thereafter Conduent shall, and shall cause its Subsidiaries 
to, honor all obligations thereunder in accordance with its terms, subject 
to the ability to amend, modify or terminate such Individual Agreement in 
accordance with its terms.
 
12

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(b) Effective as of the Distribution Date, each change of control, 
employment, severance or other Individual Agreement between a member of the 
Conduent Group, on the one hand, and a Xerox Employee or Former Xerox 
Employee, on the other hand, including those listed on Schedule 2.08, shall 
be assigned by the applicable member of the Conduent Group to, and shall be 
assumed by, an appropriate member of the Xerox Group, and thereafter Xerox 
shall, and shall cause its Subsidiaries to, honor all obligations 
thereunder in accordance with its terms, subject to the ability to amend, 
modify or terminate such Individual Agreement in accordance with its terms.

(c) Each of the Parties shall, and shall cause the members of their 
respective Groups to, use their respective reasonable best efforts to work 
together in an effort to obtain any necessary Consents in order to complete 
the assignment and assumption of Individual Agreements pursuant to this 
Section 2.08 and take all actions necessary to amend or modify any 
Individual Agreements to obtain such Consents; provided, however, that 
nothing in this Section 2.08 shall be interpreted as requiring either Party 
nor any member of their respective Groups to provide any individual with 
any additional compensation or benefits or otherwise adjust the terms of 
any such Individual Agreement or to pay any consideration or grant any 
concession in order to obtain any such Consent.

SECTION 2.09. No Change in Control. The Parties hereto agree that none of 
the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, the Separation Agreement 
or any Ancillary Agreement shall constitute a “change in control,” “change 
of control” or similar term within the meaning of any Xerox Benefit Plan or 
Conduent Benefit Plan.

SECTION 2.10. Non-Termination of Employment or Benefits. Except as 
otherwise required by applicable Law or the express terms of any Individual 
Agreement, neither this Agreement, the Separation Agreement nor any 
Ancillary Agreement shall be construed to create any right, or to 
accelerate any entitlement, to any compensation or benefit on the part of 
any Conduent Employee, Former Conduent Employee, Xerox Employee or Former 
Xerox Employee. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, except as 
otherwise required by applicable Law or the express terms of any Conduent 
Benefit Plan, Xerox Benefit Plan or Individual Agreement, neither the 
Distribution, the transfers of employment contemplated by Section 2.02 nor 
the assignment and assumption of Individual Agreements contemplated by 
Section 2.08 shall cause any Conduent Employee or Xerox Employee to be 
deemed to have any entitlement to any severance payments or benefits or the 
commencement of any other benefits under any Conduent Benefit Plan, any 
Xerox Benefit Plan or any Individual Agreement; provided, however, that any 
Liabilities associated with any such transactions or such transfers shall 
be allocated to the entity that employed such individual as of immediately 
prior to the time such Liability is incurred.
 
13

------------------------------------------------------------------------
SECTION 2.11. No Right to Continued Employment. Nothing contained in this 
Agreement shall confer any right to continued employment on any Conduent 
Employee or Xerox Employee. Except as otherwise expressly provided in this 
Agreement, this Agreement shall not limit the ability of any member of the 
Conduent Group or any member of the Xerox Group to change the position, 
compensation or benefits of any of its employees for performance-related, 
business or any other reasons or require any such entity to continue the 
employment of any such employee for any period of time; provided, however, 
that, in the event of any such termination of employment or modification of 
the terms and conditions of employment, any associated Liabilities shall be 
allocated to the entity that employed such individual as of immediately 
prior to the time such Liability is incurred.


ARTICLE III

Annual Performance Incentive Plan; Incentive Awards

SECTION 3.01. Conduent Annual Incentives. Subject to the Parties’ 
reimbursement obligations described in Section 3.02, the members of the 
Conduent Group shall be responsible for the payment of any annual bonus 
awards with respect to the Annual Performance Incentive Plan (the “APIP”) 
to Conduent Employees (including Transferred to Conduent Employees and 
Delayed Transferred to Conduent Employees who have transferred prior to the 
end of the fiscal year in which the Distribution occurs, without proration) 
and Former Conduent Employees, and the members of the Xerox Group shall be 
responsible for the payment of any annual bonus awards with respect to the 
APIP to Xerox Employees (including Transferred to Xerox Employees and 
Delayed Transferred to Xerox Employees who have transferred prior to the 
end of the fiscal year in which the Distribution occurs, without proration) 
and Former Xerox Employees, in each case with respect to the fiscal year in 
which the Distribution occurs and each fiscal year thereafter; provided 
that, (i) in the case of Transferred to Conduent Employees and Transferred 
to Xerox Employees, such payments shall be based on blended annual 
performance incentive plan factors, determined based on the relative 
portions of the applicable plan year in which each such individual was 
employed by a member of the Conduent Group and a member of the Xerox Group, 
respectively, (ii) in the case of Delayed Transferred to Conduent Employees 
and Delayed Transferred to Xerox Employees, annual bonus awards with 
respect to the APIP for the fiscal year in which the Distribution occurs 
(if any) shall be the responsibility of the entity that employed such 
individual as of immediately following the applicable Transfer Time, except 
as otherwise expressly provided in the TSA, and (iii) Xerox shall be 
permitted in its sole discretion to designate an alternative treatment of 
annual bonus awards with respect to the APIP for the fiscal year in which 
the Distribution occurs (and allocation of Liability with respect thereto) 
in the event the Distribution occurs following December 31, 2016.

SECTION 3.02. Annual Incentive Reimbursements. (a) As soon as reasonably 
practicable following the payment of one or more annual bonus awards with 
respect to the APIP by a member of the Conduent Group to any Transferred to 
Conduent Employees with respect to the fiscal year in which the 
Distribution occurs (collectively,
 
14

------------------------------------------------------------------------
the “Xerox Reimbursement Bonuses”), Conduent shall provide Xerox with one 
or more invoices, in each case denominated in U.S. dollars and including 
reasonable substantiating documentation, that set forth the aggregate 
Liabilities incurred by the members of the Conduent Group with respect to 
such payments (whether relating to periods prior to or following the 
applicable Transfer Time, without proration). Within 20 business days 
following the receipt by Xerox of each such invoice, Xerox shall pay 
Conduent an amount in cash equal to the aggregate amounts set forth 
thereon. In no event shall any member of the Xerox Group be required to 
reimburse any member of the Conduent Group under this Agreement for any 
costs for which the Conduent Group has otherwise been reimbursed or that 
are charged directly to the members of the Xerox Group in the ordinary 
course of business.

(b) As soon as reasonably practicable following the payment of one or more 
annual bonus awards with respect to the APIP by a member of the Xerox Group 
to any Transferred to Xerox Employees with respect to the fiscal year in 
which the Distribution occurs (the “Conduent Reimbursement Bonuses”), Xerox 
shall provide Conduent with one or more invoices, in each case denominated 
in U.S. dollars and including reasonable substantiating documentation, that 
set forth the aggregate Liabilities incurred by the members of the Xerox 
Group with respect to such payments (whether relating to periods prior to 
or following the applicable Transfer Time, without proration). Within 20 
business days following the receipt by Conduent of each such invoice, 
Conduent shall pay Xerox an amount in cash equal to the aggregate amounts 
set forth thereon. In no event shall any member of the Conduent Group be 
required to reimburse any member of the Xerox Group under this Agreement 
for any costs for which the Xerox Group has otherwise been reimbursed or 
that are charged directly to the members of the Conduent Group in the 
ordinary course of business.

SECTION 3.03. Separation Incentive Awards. Effective as of immediately 
prior to the Distribution, the members of the Conduent Group shall assume 
and shall be solely responsible for all Liabilities with respect to any 
outstanding cash-based “separation incentive awards” held by Conduent 
Employees and Former Conduent Employees, and shall pay all such awards in 
accordance with and at the times provided for under the applicable award 
agreement, subject to the ability to amend, modify or terminate such 
agreements in accordance with their terms. In the case of Delayed 
Transferred to Conduent Employees, the members of the Conduent Group shall 
so assume any such outstanding awards as of the applicable Transfer Time.

SECTION 3.04. No Transfer of Assets Pertaining to Incentive Awards. Except 
as otherwise described in Section 3.02, nothing in this Agreement shall 
require any member of the Conduent Group to reimburse or transfer assets or 
reserves to any member of the Xerox Group with respect to the Conduent 
annual incentive bonuses or cash-based separation incentive awards, and 
nothing in this Agreement shall require any member of the Xerox Group to 
reimburse or transfer assets or reserves to any member of the Conduent 
Group with respect to the Xerox annual incentive bonuses or cash-based 
separation incentive awards.
 
15

------------------------------------------------------------------------
ARTICLE IV

Service Credit

SECTION 4.01. Xerox Benefit Plans. The members of the Xerox Group shall 
credit any service accrued by Xerox Employees with, or recognized for 
benefit plan purposes by, the members of the Conduent Group as of 
immediately prior to the applicable Transfer Time for all purposes, 
including eligibility, vesting, determining the amount of severance 
payments and benefits and determining the number of vacation days to which 
each such employee shall be entitled following the applicable Transfer 
Time, in each case to the same extent recognized by the relevant members of 
the Conduent Group or the corresponding Conduent Benefit Plan as of 
immediately prior to the applicable Transfer Time, except to the extent 
such credit would result in a duplication of benefits for the same period 
of service.

SECTION 4.02. Conduent Benefit Plans. The members of the Conduent Group 
shall credit any service accrued by Conduent Employees with, or otherwise 
recognized for benefit plan purposes by, the members of the Xerox Group as 
of immediately prior to the applicable Transfer Time for all purposes, 
including eligibility, vesting, determining the amount of severance 
payments and benefits and determining the number of vacation days to which 
each such employee shall be entitled following the applicable Transfer 
Time, in each case to the same extent recognized by the relevant members of 
the Xerox Group or the corresponding Xerox Benefit Plan as of immediately 
prior to the applicable Transfer Time, except to the extent such credit 
would result in a duplication of benefits for the same period of service. 
In addition, as of the applicable Transfer Time, the members of the 
Conduent Group shall provide a one-time credit of 240 hours of sick time to 
each Transferred to Conduent Employee and Delayed Transferred to Conduent 
Employee.


ARTICLE V

Certain Welfare Benefit Plan Matters

SECTION 5.01. Participation in Welfare Plans. (a) Conduent shall cause the 
Conduent Welfare Plans to (i) waive all limitations as to preexisting 
conditions, exclusions, service conditions and waiting period limitations 
and any evidence of insurability requirements applicable to any Transferred 
to Conduent Employees or Delayed Transferred to Conduent Employees, other 
than such limitations, exclusions, conditions and requirements that were in 
effect with respect to such individuals as of the applicable Transfer Time 
under the corresponding Xerox Welfare Plan, and (ii) honor any deductibles, 
out-of-pocket maximums and co-payments incurred by any Transferred to 
Conduent Employees or Delayed Transferred to Conduent Employees under the 
corresponding Xerox Welfare Plan for purposes of satisfying the applicable 
deductibles, out-of-pocket maximums or co-payments under the applicable 
Conduent Welfare Plan for the plan year in which the applicable Transfer 
Time occurs.
 
16

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(b) Xerox shall cause the Xerox Welfare Plans to (i) waive all limitations 
as to preexisting conditions, exclusions, service conditions and waiting 
period limitations and any evidence of insurability requirements applicable 
to any Transferred to Xerox Employees or Delayed Transferred to Xerox 
Employees, other than such limitations, exclusions, conditions and 
requirements that were in effect with respect to such individuals as of the 
applicable Transfer Time under the corresponding Conduent Welfare Plan, and 
(ii) honor any deductibles, out-of-pocket maximums and co-payments incurred 
by the Transferred to Xerox Employees or Delayed Transferred to Xerox 
Employees under the corresponding Conduent Welfare Plan for purposes of 
satisfying the applicable deductibles, out-of-pocket maximums or 
co-payments under the applicable Xerox Welfare Plan for the plan year in 
which the applicable Transfer Time occurs.

SECTION 5.02. Allocation of Welfare Benefit Claims. (a) Notwithstanding 
Section 2.06, (i) the members of the Xerox Group shall retain Liability and 
responsibility under and in accordance with the Xerox Welfare Plans for all 
reimbursement claims (such as medical and dental claims) for expenses 
incurred and for all non-reimbursement claims (such as life insurance 
claims) incurred by Transferred to Conduent Employees and Delayed 
Transferred to Conduent Employees (and their dependents and beneficiaries) 
prior to the applicable Transfer Time and (ii) the members of the Conduent 
Group shall retain Liability and responsibility under and in accordance 
with the Conduent Welfare Plans for all reimbursement claims (such as 
medical and dental claims) for expenses incurred and for all 
non-reimbursement claims (such as life insurance claims) incurred by 
Transferred to Conduent Employees and Delayed Transferred to Conduent 
Employees (and their dependents and beneficiaries) on or following the 
applicable Transfer Time.

(b) Notwithstanding Section 2.06, (i) the members of the Conduent Group 
shall retain Liability and responsibility under and in accordance with the 
Conduent Welfare Plans for all reimbursement claims (such as medical and 
dental claims) for expenses incurred and for all non-reimbursement claims 
(such as life insurance claims) incurred by Transferred to Xerox Employees 
and Delayed Transferred to Xerox Employees (and their dependents and 
beneficiaries) prior to the applicable Transfer Time and (ii) the members 
of the Xerox Group shall retain Liability and responsibility under and in 
accordance with the Xerox Welfare Plans for all reimbursement claims (such 
as medical and dental claims) for expenses incurred and for all 
non-reimbursement claims (such as life insurance claims) incurred by 
Transferred to Xerox Employees and Delayed Transferred to Xerox Employees 
(and their dependents and beneficiaries) on or following the applicable 
Transfer Time.

(c) For purposes of this Section 5.02, a benefit claim shall be deemed to 
be incurred as follows: (i) health, dental, vision, employee assistance 
program and prescription drug benefits (including in respect of any 
hospital confinement), upon provision of such services, materials or 
supplies; and (ii) life, accidental death and dismemberment and business 
travel accident insurance benefits, upon the death, cessation of employment 
or other event giving rise to such benefits.
 
17

------------------------------------------------------------------------
SECTION 5.03. Workers’ Compensation Claims. Notwithstanding Section 2.06, 
(a) in the case of any workers’ compensation claim of any Transferred to 
Conduent Employee or Delayed Transferred to Conduent Employee who is 
coverable under a workers’ compensation plan of a member of the Xerox Group 
(a “Xerox Workers’ Compensation Plan”), such claim shall be covered under 
such Xerox Workers’ Compensation Plan if the event, injury or condition 
giving rise to such workers’ compensation claim (the applicable “Workers’ 
Compensation Event”) occurred or occurs prior to the applicable Transfer 
Time, and shall be covered under a workers’ compensation plan of a member 
of the Conduent Group (each, a “Conduent Workers’ Compensation Plan”) if 
the applicable Workers’ Compensation Event occurs on or after the 
applicable Transfer Time, and (b) in the case of any workers’ compensation 
claim of any Transferred to Xerox Employee or Delayed Transferred to Xerox 
Employee who is coverable under a Conduent Workers’ Compensation Plan, such 
claim shall be covered under such Conduent Workers’ Compensation Plan if 
the applicable Workers’ Compensation Event occurred prior to the applicable 
Transfer Time, and shall be covered under a Xerox Workers’ Compensation 
Plan if the applicable Workers’ Compensation Event occurs on or after the 
applicable Transfer Time. If the Workers’ Compensation Event occurs over a 
period both preceding and following the applicable Transfer Time, the claim 
shall be covered jointly under the Xerox Workers’ Compensation Plan and the 
Conduent Workers’ Compensation Plan and shall be equitably apportioned 
between them based upon the relative periods of time that the Workers’ 
Compensation Event transpired preceding and following the applicable 
Transfer Time.

SECTION 5.04. COBRA. (a) Notwithstanding Section 2.06(a), in the event a 
Transferred to Conduent Employee or Delayed Transferred to Conduent 
Employee (i) was receiving, or was eligible to receive, continuation health 
coverage pursuant to COBRA prior to the applicable Transfer Time, the 
members of the Xerox Group and the Xerox Welfare Plans shall be responsible 
for all Liabilities to such employee (or his or her eligible dependents) in 
respect of such coverage, and (ii) in the event a Transferred to Conduent 
Employee or Delayed Transferred to Conduent Employee becomes eligible to 
receive continuation health coverage pursuant to COBRA at or after the 
applicable Transfer Time, the members of the Conduent Group and the 
Conduent Welfare Plans shall be responsible for all Liabilities to such 
employee (or his or her eligible dependents) in respect of such coverage. 
Conduent shall indemnify, defend and hold harmless the members of the Xerox 
Group from and against any and all Liabilities relating to, arising out of 
or resulting from such coverage under COBRA provided by the members of the 
Conduent Group, or the failure of the members of the Conduent Group to meet 
their coverage obligations under COBRA, to individuals (including 
Transferred to Xerox Employees and Delayed Transferred to Conduent 
Employees) who participated in a Conduent Welfare Plan at the time the 
applicable COBRA qualifying event occurred.

(b) Notwithstanding Section 2.06, in the event that a Transferred to Xerox 
Employee or Delayed Transferred to Xerox Employee (i) was
 
18

------------------------------------------------------------------------
receiving, or was eligible to receive, continuation health coverage 
pursuant to COBRA prior to the applicable Transfer Time, the members of the 
Conduent Group and the Conduent Welfare Plans shall be responsible for all 
Liabilities to such employee (or his or her eligible dependents) in respect 
of such coverage, and (ii) in the event a Transferred to Xerox Employee or 
Delayed Transferred to Xerox Employee becomes eligible to receive 
continuation health coverage pursuant to COBRA at or after the applicable 
Transfer Time, the members of the Xerox Group and the Xerox Welfare Plans 
shall be responsible for all Liabilities to such employee (or his or her 
eligible dependents) in respect of such coverage. Xerox shall indemnify, 
defend and hold harmless the members of the Conduent Group from and against 
any and all Liabilities relating to, arising out of or resulting from such 
coverage under COBRA provided by the members of the Xerox Group, or the 
failure of the members of the Xerox group to meet their coverage 
obligations under COBRA, to individuals (including Transferred to Conduent 
Employees) who participated in a Xerox Welfare Plan at the time the 
applicable COBRA qualifying event occurred.

SECTION 5.05. Health Savings and Flexible Spending Accounts. Without 
limiting the generality of Sections 2.03 and 2.06, Conduent shall use 
reasonable best efforts to cooperate in administering any Xerox Health 
Savings Accounts and Xerox Flexible Spending Accounts in connection with 
the Distribution in accordance with the terms of the applicable Xerox 
Benefit Plan, including by exchanging any necessary participant records and 
engaging recordkeepers, providers, insurers and other third parties. As 
soon as reasonably practicable following the applicable Transfer Time, (i) 
a member of the Conduent Group shall make a one-time contribution to the 
Conduent Health Savings Account of each Transferred to Conduent Employee 
and Delayed Transferred to Conduent Employee in an amount equal to the 
excess, if any, of the following, so long as such excess exceeds $300.00, 
calculated on an individual-by-individual basis: (A) the employee’s annual 
cost of medical premiums (net of any credits for wellness assessment) under 
the applicable Conduent Welfare Plan for the 2017 plan year (or such later 
plan year in which the applicable Transfer Time occurs), over (B) the 
annual cost of medical premiums (net of any credits for wellness 
assessment) that the employee would have incurred under the applicable 
Xerox Welfare Plan for such plan year (such excess, if any, the “Conduent 
HSA Premium Contribution”), and (ii) a member of the Xerox Group shall make 
a one-time contribution to the Xerox Health Savings Account of each 
Transferred to Xerox Employee and Delayed Transferred to Xerox Employee in 
an amount equal to the excess, if any, of the following, so long as such 
excess exceeds $300.00, calculated on an individual-by-individual basis: 
(A) the employee’s annual cost of medical premiums (net of any credits for 
wellness assessment) under the applicable Xerox Welfare Plan for the 2017 
plan year (or such later plan year in which the applicable Transfer Time 
occurs), over (B) the annual cost of medical premiums (net of any credits 
for wellness assessment) that the employee would have incurred under the 
applicable Conduent Welfare Plan for such plan year (such excess, if any, 
the “Xerox HSA Premium Contribution”), in the case of each of clauses (i) 
and (ii), as determined by Xerox in its sole discretion. For the avoidance 
of doubt, in the event the applicable excess amount described in the 
immediately preceding sentence exceeds $300.00, the entire amount shall be 
included in the applicable one-time contribution, and in the event the 
applicable excess amount described in the immediately preceding sentence is 
less than or equal to $300.00, a one-time contribution shall not be 
required under this Section 5.05.
 
19

------------------------------------------------------------------------
SECTION 5.06. HSA Premium Contribution Reimbursements. (a) As soon as 
reasonably practicable following the contribution of one or more Conduent 
HSA Premium Contributions by a member of the Conduent Group, Conduent shall 
provide Xerox with one or more invoices, in each case denominated in U.S. 
dollars and including reasonable substantiating documentation, that set 
forth the aggregate Liabilities incurred by the members of the Conduent 
Group with respect to such contributions. Within 20 business days following 
the receipt by Xerox of each such invoice, Xerox shall pay Conduent an 
amount in cash equal to the aggregate amounts set forth thereon. In no 
event shall any member of the Xerox Group be required to reimburse any 
member of the Conduent Group under this Agreement for any costs for which 
the Conduent Group has otherwise been reimbursed or that are charged 
directly to the members of the Xerox Group in the ordinary course of 
business.

(b) As soon as reasonably practicable following the contribution of one or 
more Xerox HSA Premium Contributions by a member of the Xerox Group, Xerox 
shall provide Conduent with one or more invoices, in each case denominated 
in U.S. dollars and including reasonable substantiating documentation, that 
set forth the aggregate Liabilities incurred by the members of the Xerox 
Group with respect to such contributions. Within 20 business days following 
the receipt by Conduent of each such invoice, Conduent shall pay Xerox an 
amount in cash equal to the aggregate amounts set forth thereon. In no 
event shall any member of the Conduent Group be required to reimburse any 
member of the Xerox Group under this Agreement for any costs for which the 
Xerox Group has otherwise been reimbursed or that are charged directly to 
the members of the Conduent Group in the ordinary course of business.

SECTION 5.07. No Transfer of Assets Pertaining to Welfare Plans. Except as 
otherwise expressly provided in Section 5.06, nothing in this Agreement 
shall require any member of the Xerox Group or any Xerox Welfare Plan to 
reimburse or transfer assets or reserves to any member of the Conduent 
Group or any Conduent Welfare Plan with respect to the Xerox Welfare Plans, 
and nothing in this Agreement shall require any member of the Conduent 
Group or any Conduent Welfare Plan to reimburse or transfer assets or 
reserves to any member of the Xerox Group or any Xerox Welfare Plan with 
respect to the Conduent Welfare Plans.


ARTICLE VI

Defined Benefit Pension Plans

SECTION 6.01. Xerox Defined Benefit Pension Plan. Without limiting the 
generality of Section 2.06, following the Distribution, a member of the 
Xerox Group shall (a) retain sponsorship of the Xerox Corporation 
Retirement Income Guarantee Plan (the “RIGP”) and each other Xerox Benefit 
Plan that provides qualified or nonqualified
 
20

------------------------------------------------------------------------
defined benefit pension benefits (collectively with the RIGP, the “Xerox DB 
Pension Plans”), (b) except as otherwise expressly provided in Schedule 
6.03 or Section 6.04, retain all Assets and Liabilities arising out of or 
relating to the Xerox DB Pension Plans (including, for the avoidance of 
doubt, those relating to Conduent Employees, Former Conduent Employees, 
Transferred to Conduent Employees and Delayed Transferred to Conduent 
Employees, and regardless of when accrued, earned or vested) and (c) make 
payments thereunder in accordance with the terms of such plan and 
applicable Law; provided that unvested rights thereunder shall be treated 
in accordance with the terms of such plan and applicable Law. Except as 
otherwise expressly provided in Schedule 6.03, the participants in such 
plans shall not accrue any benefits under such plans in respect of service 
with any member of the Conduent Group after the Distribution Date. 
Notwithstanding anything in Section 2.02 to the contrary, Conduent shall 
not have any obligation under this Agreement to establish a tax-qualified 
defined benefit pension plan after the Distribution.

SECTION 6.02. Bridge to Early Retirement. Xerox shall take all actions 
reasonably necessary to provide that, in the case of each Transferred to 
Conduent Employee or Delayed Transferred to Conduent Employee who as of 
immediately prior to the Distribution is within one year of attaining age 
55 or 30 years of vesting service under the RIGP, Xerox and the RIGP shall 
recognize up to one year of age attained or service credit after the 
Distribution to the extent necessary to permit such individual to attain 
age 55 or 30 years of vesting service under the RIGP, as applicable, in 
each case subject to continued employment with a member of the Conduent 
Group following the Distribution through the date (within the one-year 
period following the Distribution) on which such years of vesting service 
or age is obtained, as applicable.

SECTION 6.03. Miscellaneous. The Parties agree to comply with the 
provisions of Schedule 6.03.

SECTION 6.04. Xerox UK Pension Plan. From and after the Distribution, the 
members of the Xerox Group shall retain all Liabilities arising under or in 
connection with or relating to the Xerox UK Pension Plan; provided, 
however, that any debt arising under section 75 or 75A of the UK Pensions 
Act 1995 (or regulations promulgated thereunder) as a result of the 
transactions contemplated by this Agreement, the Separation Agreement or 
any Ancillary Agreement shall be allocated to a member of the Conduent 
Group.

SECTION 6.05. No Distributions. The Parties hereby agree that the Spin-Off 
will not trigger a payment or distribution of compensation under any Xerox 
DB Pension Plan or any Conduent Benefit Plan that provides nonqualified 
defined benefit pension benefits and, consequently, the payment or 
distribution of any compensation to which any individual is entitled under 
any such Benefit Plan shall occur upon such individual’s separation from 
service from the Conduent Group or the Xerox Group, as applicable, or at 
such other time as provided pursuant to the terms thereof.

SECTION 6.06. Tax Reporting. Except as otherwise expressly provided in 
Schedule 6.03 or Section 6.04, Xerox and its Subsidiaries shall be solely 
responsible
 
21

------------------------------------------------------------------------
for all obligations relating to reporting of Taxes to the appropriate Tax 
Authority and remitting the amounts of any such Taxes required to be 
withheld (including any Employment Taxes) to the appropriate Tax Authority 
in connection with payments under the Xerox DB Pension Plans.

SECTION 6.07. No Transfer of Assets Pertaining to Pension Plans. Except as 
otherwise expressly provided in Schedule 6.03, nothing in this Agreement 
shall require any member of the Conduent Group to reimburse or transfer 
assets or reserves to any member of the Xerox Group or any pension plan 
maintained by a member of the Xerox Group with respect to any Conduent 
Benefit Plan that provides defined benefit pension benefits, and nothing in 
this Agreement shall require any member of the Xerox Group or any Xerox DB 
Pension Plan to reimburse or to transfer assets or reserves to any member 
of the Conduent Group or any Conduent Benefit Plan with respect to any 
Xerox DB Pension Plan.


ARTICLE VII

Defined Contribution Plans

SECTION 7.01. Conduent 401(k) Plan. Effective as of no later than the 
Distribution, Conduent shall have in effect one or more defined 
contribution plans that include a qualified cash or deferred arrangement 
within the meaning of Section 401(k) of the Code (collectively, the “
Conduent 401(k) Plan”) for the benefit of Conduent Employees.

SECTION 7.02. 401(k) Rollover. As soon as reasonably practicable following 
the applicable Transfer Time, (a) the members of the Xerox Group shall 
permit each Conduent Employee to elect to rollover his or her account 
balance or balances under the Xerox Savings Plan or such other defined 
contribution plan or plans maintained by the members of the Xerox Group 
that include a qualified cash or deferred arrangement within the meaning of 
Section 401(k) of the Code (collectively, the “Xerox 401(k) Plan”), and the 
members of the Conduent Group shall cause the Conduent 401(k) Plan to 
accept such rollover (including earnings through the date of transfer and 
promissory notes evidencing all outstanding loans) and (b) the members of 
the Conduent Group shall permit each Xerox Employee to elect to rollover 
his or her account balance or balances under the Conduent 401(k) Plan, and 
the members of the Xerox Group shall cause the Xerox 401(k) Plan to accept 
such rollover (including earnings through the date of transfer and 
promissory notes evidencing all outstanding loans), in each case in 
accordance with applicable Law and the terms of the Conduent 401(k) Plan 
and the Xerox 401(k) Plan if such rollover is elected by such employee in 
accordance with applicable Law and the terms of such plans. Upon completion 
of a transfer of account balances as described in this Section 7.02, the 
members of the Conduent Group and the Conduent 401(k) Plan shall be 
responsible for all Liabilities of the members of the Xerox Group under the 
Xerox 401(k) Plan with respect to any Conduent Employee whose account 
balance is so transferred (and his or her respective dependents and 
beneficiaries), and the members of the Xerox Group and the Xerox 401(k) 
Plan shall have no obligation to provide such participants (or any of their 
dependents or beneficiaries) with benefits under the Xerox
 
22

------------------------------------------------------------------------
401(k) Plan, and the members of the Xerox Group and the Xerox 401(k) Plan 
shall be responsible for all Liabilities of the members of the Conduent 
Group under the Conduent 401(k) Plan with respect to any Xerox Employee 
whose account balance is so transferred (and his or her respective 
dependents and beneficiaries), and the members of the Conduent Group and 
the Conduent 401(k) Plan shall have no obligation to provide such 
participants (or any of their dependents or beneficiaries) with benefits 
under the Conduent 401(k) Plan. Xerox and Conduent shall use reasonable 
best efforts to cooperate to effect such transfers, including by exchanging 
any necessary participant records and engaging recordkeepers, 
administrators and other third parties.

SECTION 7.03. Stock Considerations. To the extent that any participant in 
the Xerox 401(k) Plan, the Xerox ESOP or the Conduent 401(k) Plan, receives 
shares of Conduent Common Stock in connection with the Distribution with 
respect to shares of Xerox Common Stock held under the Xerox 401(k) Plan, 
the Xerox ESOP or the Conduent 401(k) Plan, such shares of Conduent Common 
Stock shall be deposited in the Xerox 401(k) Plan, the Xerox ESOP or the 
Conduent 401(k) Plan, as applicable, subject to such limitations (including 
the ability to dispose of such shares of Conduent Common Stock in 
accordance with the terms of the applicable Xerox 401(k) Plan, the Xerox 
ESOP or the Conduent 401(k) Plan, as applicable), or the removal of such 
fund, in each case, as determined by Xerox or the applicable fiduciary of 
the Xerox 401(k) Plan, the Xerox ESOP or the Conduent 401(k) Plan in its 
sole discretion. Following the Distribution, the participants in the Xerox 
401(k) Plan and the Xerox ESOP shall not be permitted to acquire shares of 
Conduent Common Stock under the Xerox 401(k) Plan and the Xerox ESOP, other 
than shares of Conduent Common Stock acquired in connection with the 
Distribution as described in the immediately preceding sentence. Without 
limiting the generality of Section 7.09, Xerox and Conduent shall be solely 
responsible for ensuring that their respective 401(k) plans and employee 
stock ownership plans are maintained in compliance with applicable Law 
(including the fiduciary requirements under ERISA) with respect to holding 
shares of their respective common stock and common stock of the other 
Party.

SECTION 7.04. Defined Contribution Plans. (a) Without limiting the 
generality of Section 2.06 and except as otherwise expressly provided in 
Section 7.02 or in the UK DC Plan Local Agreement, from and after the 
Distribution, the members of the Conduent Group shall remain responsible 
for all Liabilities incurred under the defined contribution plans 
maintained by the members of the Conduent Group (collectively, the “
Conduent DC Plans”), whether relating to Conduent Employees, Former 
Conduent Employees, Xerox Employees or Former Xerox Employees and 
regardless of when accrued, earned or vested, and shall be solely liable 
for all payments required to be made thereunder to such participants. 
Notwithstanding anything in Section 2.03 to the contrary, except as 
required to comply with Section 409A of the Code, the members of the 
Conduent Group shall not have any obligation to allow Conduent Employees, 
Former Conduent Employees, Delayed Transferred to Conduent Employees, Xerox 
Employees, Former Xerox Employees or Delayed Transferred to Xerox Employees 
to continue active participation in the Conduent DC Plans from and after 
the Distribution Date.
 
23

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(b) Without limiting the generality of Section 2.06 and except as otherwise 
expressly provided in Section 7.02 or Section 7.05(c), the members of the 
Xerox Group shall remain responsible for all Liabilities incurred under the 
defined contribution plans maintained by the members of the Xerox Group 
(collectively, the “Xerox DC Plans”), whether relating to Conduent 
Employees, Former Conduent Employees, Xerox Employees or Former Xerox 
Employees and regardless of when accrued, earned or vested, and shall be 
solely liable for all payments required to be made thereunder to such 
participants. Notwithstanding Section 2.03 to the contrary, except as 
required to comply with Section 409A of the Code or as otherwise expressly 
provided in the UK DC Plan Local Agreement, the members of the Xerox Group 
shall not have any obligation to allow Xerox Employees, Former Xerox 
Employees, Delayed Transferred to Xerox Employees, Conduent Employees, 
Former Conduent Employees or Delayed Transferred to Conduent Employees to 
continue active participation in the Xerox DC Plans from and after the 
Distribution Date.

(c) Except as otherwise expressly provided in the UK DC Plan Local 
Agreement, the members of the Conduent Group shall be solely responsible 
for all obligations relating to reporting of Taxes to the appropriate Tax 
Authority and remitting the amounts of any such Taxes required to be 
withheld (including any Employment Taxes) to the appropriate Tax Authority 
in connection with payments under the Conduent DC Plans, and the members of 
the Xerox Group shall be solely responsible for all obligations relating to 
reporting of Taxes to the appropriate Tax Authority and remitting the 
amounts of any such Taxes required to be withheld (including any Employment 
Taxes) to the appropriate Tax Authority in connection with payments under 
the Xerox DC Plans.

SECTION 7.05. Employer Contributions. (a) The members of the Xerox Group 
shall remain responsible for making all required employer contributions to 
the accounts of Transferred to Conduent Employees and Delayed Transferred 
to Conduent Employees under the Xerox Savings Plan and the Xerox 
Supplemental Savings Plan with respect to periods prior to the applicable 
Transfer Time, including the pre-Transfer Time portion of the calendar 
quarter in which the applicable Transfer Time occurs.

(b) The members of the Conduent Group shall remain responsible for making 
all required employer contributions to the accounts of Transferred to Xerox 
Employees and Delayed Transferred to Xerox Employees under the Conduent 
Savings Plan with respect to periods prior to the applicable Transfer Time, 
including the pre-Transfer Time portion of the calendar quarter in which 
the applicable Transfer Time occurs.

(c) The members of the Conduent Group shall remain responsible for making 
all required employer contributions to the accounts of Conduent Employees 
under the UK DC Plan with respect to periods following the applicable 
Transfer Time, until such time as the members of the Conduent Group shall 
no longer be participating employers in the UK DC Plan.
 
24

------------------------------------------------------------------------
SECTION 7.06. Cooperation. Following the date of this Agreement, Xerox and 
Conduent shall use reasonable best efforts to cooperate in administering 
the Xerox DC Plans and the Conduent DC Plans for purposes of satisfying any 
obligations relating to the participation of any Conduent Employee or 
Former Conduent Employee under any Xerox DC Plan, or the participation of 
any Xerox Employee or Former Xerox Employee under any Conduent DC Plan, 
including in each case by exchanging any necessary participant records and 
engaging recordkeepers, administrators and other third parties.

SECTION 7.07. No Distributions. The Parties hereby agree that, except as 
otherwise expressly provided in Section 7.02 or in the UK DC Plan Local 
Agreement, the Spin-Off will not trigger a payment or distribution of 
compensation under the Conduent DC Plans or the Xerox DC Plans and, 
consequently, the payment or distribution of any compensation to which any 
individual is entitled under any Xerox DC Plan or Conduent DC Plan will 
occur upon such individual’s separation from service from the Conduent 
Group or the Xerox Group, as applicable, or at such other time as provided 
pursuant to the terms of such Xerox DC Plan or Conduent DC Plan.

SECTION 7.08. No Transfer of Assets Pertaining to Defined Contribution 
Plans. Except as otherwise expressly provided in the UK DC Plan Local 
Agreement, nothing in this Agreement shall require any member of the 
Conduent Group or any Conduent DC Plan to reimburse or to transfer assets 
or reserves to any member of the Xerox Group or any Xerox DC Plan with 
respect to any Conduent DC Plan, and nothing in this Agreement shall 
require any member of the Xerox Group or any Xerox DC Plan to reimburse or 
to transfer assets or reserves to any member of the Conduent Group or any 
Conduent DC Plan with respect to any Xerox DC Plan.

SECTION 7.09. Limitation of Liability. Except as otherwise expressly 
provided in the UK DC Plan Local Agreement, the members of the Xerox Group 
shall have no responsibility for any failure of the Conduent 401(k) Plan or 
any Conduent DC Plan to be administered in accordance with its terms and 
applicable Law, and the members of the Conduent Group shall have no 
responsibility for any failure of the Xerox 401(k) Plan or any Xerox DC 
Plan to be administered in accordance with its terms and applicable Law.


ARTICLE VIII

Nonqualified Deferred Compensation

SECTION 8.01. Xerox Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Plans. Without 
limiting the generality of Section 2.06, from and after the Distribution, 
the members of the Xerox Group shall remain responsible for all Liabilities 
incurred under the Xerox Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Plans, whether 
related to Conduent Employees (including Transferred to Conduent Employees 
and Delayed Transferred to Conduent Employees), Former Conduent Employees, 
Xerox Employees or Former Xerox Employees or any non-employee member of the 
board of directors of Xerox (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any 
stock units granted to any non-employee member of the
 
25

------------------------------------------------------------------------
board of directors of Xerox) and regardless of when accrued, earned or 
vested, for the avoidance of doubt, and shall be solely liable for all 
payments required to be made thereunder to such participants. 
Notwithstanding Section 2.03 or anything in this Section 8.01 to the 
contrary, except as required to comply with Section 409A of the Code, the 
members of the Xerox Group shall not have any obligation to allow any 
participant, including any Xerox Employee, Former Xerox Employee or Delayed 
Transferred to Xerox Employee, to accrue additional benefits under the 
Xerox Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Plans from and after the 
Distribution Date.

SECTION 8.02. Conduent Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Plans. Without 
limiting the generality of Section 2.06, from and after the Distribution, 
the members of the Conduent Group shall remain responsible for all 
Liabilities incurred under the Conduent Nonqualified Deferred Compensation 
Plan, whether related to Conduent Employees, Former Conduent Employees, 
Xerox Employees (including Transferred to Xerox Employees and Delayed 
Transferred to Xerox Employees) or Former Xerox Employees and regardless of 
when accrued, earned or vested, and shall be solely liable for all payments 
required to be made thereunder to such participants. Notwithstanding 
Section 2.03 or anything in this Section 8.02 to the contrary, except as 
required to comply with Section 409A of the Code, the members of the 
Conduent Group shall not have any obligation to allow any participant, 
including any Conduent Employee, Former Conduent Employee or Delayed 
Transferred to Conduent Employee, to accrue additional benefits under the 
Conduent Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Plans from and after the 
Distribution Date.

SECTION 8.03. Cooperation. Following the date of this Agreement, Xerox and 
Conduent shall use reasonable best efforts to cooperate in administering 
the Xerox Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Plans and the Conduent 
Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Plans for purposes of satisfying any 
obligations relating to the participation of any Conduent Employee or 
Former Conduent Employee under any Xerox Nonqualified Deferred Compensation 
Plans, or the participation of any Xerox Employee or Former Xerox Employee 
under any Conduent Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Plans, including in 
each case by exchanging any necessary participant records and engaging 
recordkeepers, administrators and other third parties.

SECTION 8.04. No Distributions. The Parties hereby agree that the Spin-Off 
will not trigger a payment or distribution of compensation under the Xerox 
Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Plans or any Conduent Nonqualified 
Deferred Compensation Plan and, consequently, the payment or distribution 
of any compensation to which any individual is entitled under the Xerox 
Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Plans or any Conduent Nonqualified 
Deferred Compensation Plan will occur upon such individual’s separation 
from service from the Conduent Group or the Xerox Group, as applicable, or 
at such other time as provided pursuant to the terms of the Xerox 
Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Plans or such Conduent Nonqualified 
Deferred Compensation Plan.

SECTION 8.05. No Transfer of Assets Pertaining to Nonqualified Deferred 
Compensation Plans. Nothing in this Agreement shall require any member of
 
26

------------------------------------------------------------------------
the Conduent Group or any Conduent Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Plan 
to reimburse or to transfer assets or reserves to any member of the Xerox 
Group or the Xerox Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Plans with respect to 
such Conduent Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Plan, and nothing in this 
Agreement shall require any member of the Xerox Group or the Xerox 
Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Plans to reimburse or to transfer assets 
or reserves to any member of the Conduent Group or any Conduent 
Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Plan with respect to the Xerox 
Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Plans.

SECTION 8.06. Limitation of Liability. The members of the Xerox Group shall 
have no responsibility for any failure of any Conduent Nonqualified 
Deferred Compensation Plan to be administered in accordance with its terms 
and applicable Law, and the members of the Conduent Group shall have no 
responsibility for any failure of the Xerox Nonqualified Deferred 
Compensation Plans to be administered in accordance with their terms and 
applicable Law.


ARTICLE IX

Xerox Equity Compensation Awards

SECTION 9.01. Adoption of the Conduent Equity Incentive Plan. Effective as 
of no later than immediately prior to the Distribution, Conduent shall 
establish or cause to be established one or more equity-based incentive 
compensation plans for purposes of awarding certain Conduent non-employee 
directors, officers and employees equity-based incentive compensation on 
the terms and conditions set forth therein.

SECTION 9.02. Treatment of Outstanding Awards. The Parties shall use 
reasonable best efforts to take all actions necessary or appropriate so 
that the Xerox Equity Awards held by Conduent Employees and Former Conduent 
Employees shall be treated as follows, in lieu of receipt of any shares of 
Conduent Common Stock with respect to such Xerox Equity Awards in 
connection with the Distribution; provided that the provisions of this 
Section 9.02 shall be effected in a manner that complies with applicable 
Law:

(a) Stock Options. Effective as of immediately prior to the Distribution, 
each Xerox Option held by a Conduent Employee or Former Conduent Employee 
that is outstanding and unexercised as of immediately prior to the 
Distribution, whether vested or unvested, shall be assumed by Conduent and 
converted entirely into an option to purchase shares of Conduent Common 
Stock (each, as so converted, a “Conduent Option”) and, except as otherwise 
expressly provided in this Section 9.02(a), shall be subject to 
substantially similar terms and conditions after the Distribution as were 
applicable to such Xerox Option immediately prior to the Distribution; 
provided, however, that from and after the Distribution:

(i) the per share exercise price of each such Conduent Option shall be 
equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (1) the per share exercise price 
of the corresponding Xerox Option as of immediately prior to the 
Distribution by (2) the Conduent Equity Award Conversion Ratio, rounded up 
to the nearest whole cent; and
 
27

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(ii) the number of shares of Conduent Common Stock subject to each such 
Conduent Option shall be equal to the product obtained by multiplying (1) 
the number of shares of Xerox Common Stock subject to the corresponding 
Xerox Option as of immediately prior to the Distribution by (2) the 
Conduent Equity Award Conversion Ratio, with any fractional share rounded 
down to the nearest whole share.

The adjustments provided in this Section 9.02(a) with respect to Xerox 
Options are intended to be effected in a manner that is consistent with 
Sections 424(a) and 409A of the Code.

(b) Xerox RSUs. Effective as of immediately prior to the Distribution, each 
Xerox RSU held by a Conduent Employee or Former Conduent Employee that is 
outstanding as of immediately prior to the Distribution, whether vested or 
unvested, shall be assumed and converted entirely into a restricted stock 
unit relating to Conduent Common Stock (each, as so converted, a “Conduent 
RSU”) and, except as otherwise expressly provided in this Section 9.02(b), 
shall be subject to substantially similar terms and conditions (including 
any terms and conditions relating to accrued cash dividends) after the 
Distribution as were applicable to such Xerox RSU immediately prior to the 
Distribution; provided, however, that from and after the Distribution the 
number of shares of Conduent Common Stock subject to each such Conduent RSU 
shall be equal to the product obtained by multiplying (i) the number of 
shares of Xerox Common Stock subject to the corresponding Xerox RSU as of 
immediately prior to the Distribution by (ii) the Conduent Equity Award 
Conversion Ratio, with any fractional share rounded to the nearest whole 
share.

(c) Xerox Performance Shares. Effective as of immediately prior to the 
Distribution, each Xerox Performance Share held by a Conduent Employee or 
Former Conduent Employee that is outstanding as of immediately prior to the 
Distribution, whether vested or unvested, shall be assumed and converted 
entirely into a Conduent RSU and, except as otherwise expressly provided in 
this Section 9.02(c), shall be subject to the substantially similar terms 
and conditions (including any terms and conditions relating to accrued cash 
dividends) after the Distribution as were applicable to such Xerox 
Performance Share immediately prior to the Distribution; provided, however
, that from and after the Distribution

(i) the number of shares of Conduent Common Stock subject to each such 
Conduent RSU shall be equal to the product obtained by multiplying (A) the
 
28

------------------------------------------------------------------------
number of shares subject to the corresponding Xerox Performance Share as of 
immediately prior to the Distribution, determined based on the applicable 
Specified Performance Factor, by (B) the Conduent Equity Award Conversion 
Ratio, with any fractional share rounded to the nearest whole share; and

(ii) such Conduent RSUs shall be subject to the same time-based vesting 
conditions as applicable to the corresponding Xerox Performance Shares as 
of immediately prior to the Distribution, but they shall not be subject to 
any performance-based vesting conditions (other than to the extent taken 
into account in calculating the applicable Specified Performance Factor).

SECTION 9.03. Employer Tax Obligations; Tax Deductions. Xerox and Conduent 
hereby acknowledge and agree that, notwithstanding any provision of this 
Article IX to the contrary, the members of the Conduent Group shall be 
solely responsible for all obligations relating to reporting of Taxes to 
the appropriate Tax Authority and withholding and remitting the amounts of 
any such Taxes required to be withheld (including any Employment Taxes) to 
the appropriate Tax Authority in connection with any Conduent Options and 
Conduent RSUs, and Xerox shall not have any responsibility or Liability 
with respect thereto. The rights and obligations of the Parties with 
respect to Tax deductions relating to the Equity Awards shall be governed 
by Section 10.03.

SECTION 9.04. Compliance with Applicable Law. The Parties shall take such 
additional or alternative actions as are deemed necessary or advisable by 
Xerox in its sole discretion in order to effectuate the foregoing 
provisions of this Article IX in compliance with securities Laws and other 
legal requirements associated with equity compensation awards or in order 
to avoid adverse legal, accounting or tax consequences for the members of 
the Xerox Group, the members of the Conduent Group or any award holders.

SECTION 9.05. Equity Award Administration. Without limiting the generality 
of Section 10.01, following the date of this Agreement, the Parties shall, 
and shall cause their respective Subsidiaries to share such information as 
is necessary to (a) administer equity awards pursuant to this Article IX , 
(b) provide any required information to holders of such equity awards and 
(c) timely make any governmental filings with respect thereto. Such 
information shall be made available to the other Party within 10 business 
days following such Party’s request for the applicable information; 
provided however, if such information (including the Specified Performance 
Factor) is needed for purposes of timely making any governmental filing, 
such information shall be provided no later than one business day prior to 
the deadline for making such filing.


ARTICLE X

Cooperation; Production of Witnesses; Compensation Deductions

SECTION 10.01. Cooperation. Following the date of this Agreement, the 
Parties shall, and shall cause their respective Subsidiaries to, use 
reasonable best efforts
 
29

------------------------------------------------------------------------
to cooperate with respect to any employee compensation or benefits matters 
that either Party reasonably determines require the cooperation of the 
other Party in order to accomplish the objectives of this Agreement, 
including by exchanging any necessary participant records and engaging 
recordkeepers, providers, insurers and other third parties. Without 
limiting the generality of the preceding sentence, (a) Xerox and Conduent 
shall cooperate in connection with any audits of any Benefit Plan with 
respect to which such Party may have Information and (b) Xerox and Conduent 
shall cooperate in connection with any audits of their respective payroll 
services (whether by a Governmental Authority in the U.S. or otherwise) in 
connection with the services provided by one Party to the other Party. With 
respect to each Benefit Plan, the obligations of the members of the Xerox 
Group and the members of the Conduent Group to cooperate pursuant to this 
Section 10.01 or any other provision of this Agreement shall remain in 
effect until the later of (i) the date all audits of such Benefit Plan with 
respect to which a Party may have Information have been completed, (ii) the 
date the applicable statute of limitations with respect to such audits has 
expired and (iii) the date each Party discharges all obligations to the 
other Party’s employees and former employees and their respective 
beneficiaries and dependents under its Benefit Plans.

SECTION 10.02. Production of Witnesses; Records. Without limiting the 
foregoing, Section 7.07 of the Separation Agreement is hereby incorporated 
into this Agreement mutatis mutandis.

SECTION 10.03. Compensation Deductions. Any U.S. Federal, state and local 
income Tax deduction arising as a result of (i) the exercise, vesting or 
settlement of any Conduent Options or Conduent RSUs and (ii) the payment of 
annual bonuses pursuant to Section 3.01 shall, in each case, be claimed (if 
and when permitted by applicable Law) by the Party (or one of its 
Subsidiaries) that employs the individual with respect to whom such 
compensation deduction arises at the time that it arises or, if such 
individual is not then employed by any Party or a Subsidiary of a Party, by 
the Party that most recently employed such individual; provided that the 
Parties shall reasonably cooperate so that the Tax Benefit of any 
deductions claimed by a member of the Conduent Group shall be transferred 
to a member of the Xerox Group in the case of the Xerox Reimbursement 
Bonuses and Conduent HSA Premium Payments, and the Tax Benefit of any 
deductions claimed by a member of the Xerox Group shall be transferred to a 
member of the Conduent Group in the case of the Conduent Reimbursement 
Bonuses and Xerox HSA Premium Payments. If a deduction claimed by a Party 
(the “Employing Party”) pursuant to the preceding sentence is disallowed 
pursuant to a Final Determination and is not able to be claimed by the 
Employing Party in any other taxable period, the other Party (or one of its 
Subsidiaries) will amend its applicable Tax Return to claim such deduction 
to the extent it is more likely than not deductible by such other Party and 
such other Party shall pay to the Employing Party an amount equal to the 
Tax Benefit received by the other Party (or one of its Subsidiaries) as a 
result of such deduction (determined by multiplying the total amount of the 
deduction by such other Party’s tax rate used for financial accounting 
purposes for the applicable tax period (the “Tax Rate”)). To the extent the 
other Party’s deduction is subsequently disallowed pursuant to a Final 
Determination, the Employing Party shall pay to the other Party an amount 
equal to the lesser of (i) the amount previously paid by the other Party to 
the
 
30

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Employing Party pursuant to this Section 10.03 and (ii) the amount of the 
deduction that was disallowed multiplied by the Tax Rate. Any amount 
required to be transferred by a Party in respect of any Tax Benefit 
pursuant to this Section 10.03 shall be reduced for any Taxes and 
reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred by such Party in connection with 
the receipt of such Tax Benefit.

ARTICLE XI

Termination

SECTION 11.01. Termination. This Agreement may be terminated by Xerox at 
any time, in its sole discretion, prior to the Distribution; provided, 
however, that this Agreement shall automatically terminate upon the 
termination of the Separation Agreement in accordance with its terms.

SECTION 11.02. Effect of Termination. In the event of any termination of 
this Agreement prior to the Distribution, neither Party (nor any member of 
their Group or any of their respective directors or officers) shall have 
any Liability or further obligation to the other Party or any member of its 
Group under this Agreement.


ARTICLE XII

Indemnification

SECTION 12.01. Incorporation of Indemnification Provisions of Separation 
Agreement. In addition to the specific indemnification provisions in this 
Agreement, Sections 6.02 through 6.09 of the Separation Agreement are 
hereby incorporated into this Agreement mutatis mutandis.


ARTICLE XIII

Further Assurances and Additional Covenants

SECTION 13.01. Further Assurances. Article IX of the Separation Agreement 
is hereby incorporated into this Agreement mutatis mutandis.


ARTICLE XIV

Miscellaneous

SECTION 14.01. Data Privacy. The Parties agree that any applicable data 
privacy and data protection law obligations and any other obligations of 
the Conduent Group and the Xerox Group to maintain the confidentiality of 
any employee Information in accordance with applicable law shall govern the 
disclosure of employee Information among the Parties under this Agreement. 
Xerox and Conduent shall ensure that they each have in place appropriate 
technical and organizational security measures to
 
31

------------------------------------------------------------------------
protect the personal data of the Conduent Employees and Former Conduent 
Employees. Conduent shall be responsible for ensuring that it has in place 
appropriate technical and organizational security measures to protect the 
personal data of its Service Providers. Additionally, each Party shall sign 
such documentation as may be required to comply with applicable data 
privacy laws.

SECTION 14.02. Section 409A. Xerox and Conduent shall cooperate in good 
faith so that the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, the 
Separation Agreement or any of the Ancillary Agreements will not result in 
adverse tax consequences under Section 409A of the Code to any Conduent 
Employee, Former Conduent Employee, Xerox Employee or Former Xerox Employee 
(or any of their respective beneficiaries), in respect of their respective 
benefits under any Benefit Plan.

SECTION 14.03. Confidentiality. Section 7.09 of the Separation Agreement is 
hereby incorporated into this Agreement mutatis mutandis.

SECTION 14.04. Counterparts; Entire Agreement; Corporate Power. Section 
11.01 of the Separation Agreement is hereby incorporated into this 
Agreement mutatis mutandis.

SECTION 14.05. Governing Law; Jurisdiction. Section 11.02 of the Separation 
Agreement is hereby incorporated into this Agreement mutatis mutandis.

SECTION 14.06. Assignability. Section 11.03 of the Separation Agreement is 
hereby incorporated into this Agreement mutatis mutandis.

SECTION 14.07. No Third-Party Beneficiaries. Except for the indemnification 
rights under this Agreement of any Xerox Indemnitee or Conduent Indemnitee 
in their respective capacities as such, (a) the provisions of this 
Agreement are solely for the benefit of the Parties, (b) no current or 
former director, officer, employee or Service Provider of any member of the 
Xerox Group or any member of the Conduent Group or any other individual 
associated therewith (including any beneficiary or dependent thereof), or 
any trustee of any Benefit Plan of a Party or their respective Subsidiaries 
shall be regarded for any purpose as a third-party beneficiary of this 
Agreement and (c) no provision of this Agreement shall create such rights 
in any such persons in respect of any benefits that may be provided, 
directly or indirectly, under any Xerox Benefit Plan or any Conduent 
Benefit Plan. Furthermore, no provision of this Agreement shall constitute 
a limitation on the rights to amend, modify or terminate any Xerox Benefit 
Plan or any Conduent Benefit Plan and nothing herein shall be construed as 
an amendment to any such Benefit Plan. No provision of this Agreement shall 
require any member of the Xerox Group or any member of the Conduent Group 
to continue the employment of any employee or the services of any Service 
Provider of any member of either Group for any specific period of time 
following the Distribution.

SECTION 14.08. Employment Tax Reporting Responsibility. To the extent 
applicable, the Parties hereby agree to follow the standard procedure for 
U.S. Employment Tax withholding as provided in Section 4 of Rev. Proc. 
2004-53, 2004-2 C.B. 320.
 
32

------------------------------------------------------------------------
SECTION 14.09. Notices. All notices or other communications under this 
Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed to be duly given when (a) 
delivered in person, (b) on the date received, if sent by a nationally 
recognized delivery or courier service or (c) upon the earlier of confirmed 
receipt or the fifth business day following the date of mailing if sent by 
registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, 
addressed as follows:

If to Xerox, to:

Xerox Corporation
P.O. Box 4505, 45 Glover Avenue
Norwalk, CT 06850
Attn: General Counsel
Facsimile: 203-849-5152

with a copy to:

Cravath, Swaine & Moore LLP
Worldwide Plaza
825 Eighth Avenue
New York, NY 10019
Attn:    Robert I. Townsend III
            Eric L. Schiele
            O. Keith Hallam III
email: rtownsend@cravath.com
            eschiele@cravath.com
            khallam@cravath.com
Facsimile: 212-474-3700

If to Conduent, to:

Conduent Incorporated
233 Mount Airy Road, Suite 100
Basking Ridge, New Jersey Attn: General Counsel

with a copy to:

Cravath, Swaine & Moore LLP
Worldwide Plaza
825 Eighth Avenue
New York, NY 10019
Attn: Robert I. Townsend III
 
33

------------------------------------------------------------------------
            Eric L. Schiele
            O. Keith Hallam III
email: rtownsend@cravath.com
            eschiele@cravath.com
            khallam@cravath.com
Facsimile: 212-474-3700

Either Party may, by notice to the other Party, change the address to which 
such notices are to be given.

SECTION 14.10. Severability. If any provision of this Agreement or the 
application thereof to any Person or circumstance is determined by a court 
of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, void or unenforceable, the 
remaining provisions hereof, or the application of such provision to 
Persons or circumstances or in jurisdictions other than those as to which 
it has been held invalid or unenforceable, shall remain in full force and 
effect and shall in no way be affected, impaired or invalidated thereby, so 
long as the economic or legal substance of the transactions contemplated 
hereby is not affected in any manner materially adverse to either Party. 
Upon any such determination, any such provision, to the extent determined 
to be invalid, void or unenforceable, shall be deemed replaced by a 
provision that such court determines is valid and enforceable and that 
comes closest to expressing the intention of the invalid, void or 
unenforceable provision.

SECTION 14.11. Headings. The article, section and paragraph headings 
contained in this Agreement are for reference purposes only and shall not 
affect in any way the meaning or interpretation of this Agreement.

SECTION 14.12. Survival of Covenants. Except as expressly set forth in this 
Agreement, the covenants in this Agreement and the Liabilities for the 
breach of any obligations in this Agreement shall survive the Spin-Off and 
shall remain in full force and effect.

SECTION 14.13. Waivers of Default. No failure or delay of any Party (or the 
applicable member of its Group) in exercising any right or remedy under 
this Agreement shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or 
partial exercise of any such right or power, or any abandonment or 
discontinuance of steps to enforce such right or power, or any course of 
conduct, preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of 
any other right or power. Waiver by any Party of any default by the other 
Party of any provision of this Agreement shall not be deemed a waiver by 
the waiving Party of any subsequent or other default.

SECTION 14.14. Specific Performance. In the event of any actual or 
threatened default in, or breach of, any of the terms, conditions and 
provisions of this Agreement, the affected Party shall have the right to 
specific performance and injunctive or other equitable relief of its rights 
under this Agreement, in addition to any and all other rights and remedies 
at Law or in equity, and all such rights and remedies shall be cumulative. 
The other Party shall not oppose the granting of such relief on the basis 
that money damages are an adequate remedy. The Parties agree that the 
remedies at Law for
 
34

------------------------------------------------------------------------
any breach or threatened breach hereof, including monetary damages, are 
inadequate compensation for any loss and that any defense in any action for 
specific performance that a remedy at Law would be adequate is waived. Any 
requirements for the securing or posting of any bond with such remedy are 
waived.

SECTION 14.15. Amendments. No provisions of this Agreement shall be deemed 
waived, amended, supplemented or modified by any Party, unless such waiver, 
amendment, supplement or modification is in writing and signed by the 
authorized representative of each Party.

SECTION 14.16. Interpretation. Words in the singular shall be held to 
include the plural and vice versa and words of one gender shall be held to 
include the other gender as the context requires. The terms “hereof”, 
“herein”, “herewith” and words of similar import, unless otherwise stated, 
shall be construed to refer to this Agreement as a whole (including all of 
the schedules hereto) and not to any particular provision of this 
Agreement. Article, Section or Schedule references are to the articles, 
sections and schedules of or to this Agreement unless otherwise specified. 
Any definition of or reference to any agreement, instrument or other 
document herein (including any reference herein to this Agreement) shall be 
construed as referring to such agreement, instrument or other document as 
from time to time amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to 
time (subject to any restrictions on such amendments, supplements or 
modifications set forth herein). The word “including” and words of similar 
import when used in this Agreement shall mean “including, without 
limitation,” unless the context otherwise requires or unless otherwise 
specified. The word “or” shall not be exclusive.

[Remainder of Page Intentionally Left Blank]
 
35

------------------------------------------------------------------------
SCHEDULE 2.08
[Certain Individual Agreements]

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties have caused this Employee Matters Agreement 
to be executed by their duly authorized representatives.
 
XEROX CORPORATION,
By: 	  	/s/  Darrell Ford
  	Name:   Darrell Ford
  	
Title:     Senior Vice President and
             Chief Human Resources Officer
CONDUENT INCORPORATED,
By: 	  	/s/  Brian Webb-Walsh
  	Name:   Brian Webb-Walsh
  	Title:     Chief Financial Officer