 EX-10.70 6 ex10-70.htm
 
Exhibit 10.70
 
SUBSIDIARY GUARANTEE
 
    SUBSIDIARY GUARANTEE, dated as of December 30, 2016 (this “Guarantee
    ”), made by each of the signatories hereto (together with any other
    entity that may become a party hereto as provided herein, the “
    Guarantors”), in favor of the purchasers signatory (together with their
    permitted assigns, the “Purchasers”) to that certain Securities
    Purchase Agreement, dated as of the date hereof, between Digital Ally,
    Inc., a Nevada corporation (the “Company”) and the Purchasers.
 
W I T N E S S E T H:
 
    WHEREAS, pursuant to that certain Securities Purchase Agreement, dated
    as of the date hereof, by and between the Company and the Purchasers
    (the “Purchase Agreement”), the Company has agreed to sell and issue to
    the Purchasers, and the Purchasers have agreed to purchase from the
    Company the Debentures, subject to the terms and conditions set forth
    therein; and
 
    WHEREAS, each Guarantor will directly benefit from the extension of
    credit to the Company represented by the issuance of the Debentures;
    and
 
    NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and to induce the
    Purchasers to enter into the Purchase Agreement and to carry out the
    transactions contemplated thereby, each Guarantor hereby agrees with
    the Purchasers as follows:
 
1.       Definitions. Unless otherwise defined herein, terms defined in the 
Purchase Agreement and used herein shall have the meanings given to them in 
the Purchase Agreement. The words “hereof,” “herein,” “hereto” and 
“hereunder” and words of similar import when used in this Guarantee shall 
refer to this Guarantee as a whole and not to any particular provision of 
this Guarantee, and Section and Schedule references are to this Guarantee 
unless otherwise specified. The meanings given to terms defined herein 
shall be equally applicable to both the singular and plural forms of such 
terms. The following terms shall have the following meanings:
 
    “Guarantee” means this Subsidiary Guarantee, as the same may be
    amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time.
 
1

 
 
    “Obligations” means, in addition to all other costs and expenses of
    collection incurred by Purchasers in enforcing any of such Obligations
    and/or this Guarantee, all of the liabilities and obligations (primary,
    secondary, direct, contingent, sole, joint or several) due or to become
    due, or that are now or may be hereafter contracted or acquired, or
    owing to, of the Company or any Guarantor to the Purchasers, including,
    without limitation, all obligations under this Guarantee, the
    Debentures and any other instruments, agreements or other documents
    executed and/or delivered in connection herewith or therewith, in each
    case, whether now or hereafter existing, voluntary or involuntary,
    direct or indirect, absolute or contingent, liquidated or unliquidated,
    whether or not jointly owed with others, and whether or not from time
    to time decreased or extinguished and later increased, created or
    incurred, and all or any portion of such obligations or liabilities
    that are paid, to the extent all or any part of such payment is avoided
    or recovered directly or indirectly from any of the Purchasers as a
    preference, fraudulent transfer or otherwise as such obligations may be
    amended, supplemented, converted, extended or modified from time to
    time. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the term
    “Obligations” shall include, without limitation: (i) principal of, and
    interest on the Debentures and the loans extended pursuant thereto;
    (ii) any and all other fees, indemnities, costs, obligations and
    liabilities of the Company or any Guarantor from time to time under or
    in connection with this Guarantee, the Debentures and any other
    instruments, agreements or other documents executed and/or delivered in
    connection herewith or therewith; and (iii) all amounts (including but
    not limited to post-petition interest) in respect of the foregoing that
    would be payable but for the fact that the obligations to pay such
    amounts are unenforceable or not allowable due to the existence of a
    bankruptcy, reorganization or similar proceeding involving the Company
    or any Guarantor.
 
2.       Guarantee.
 
    (a)       Guarantee.
 
        (i)       The Guarantors hereby, jointly and severally,
        unconditionally and irrevocably, guarantee to the Purchasers and
        their respective successors, indorsees, transferees and assigns,
        the prompt and complete payment and performance when due (whether
        at the stated maturity, by acceleration or otherwise) of the
        Obligations.
 
        (ii)       Anything herein or in any other Transaction Document to
        the contrary notwithstanding, the maximum liability of each
        Guarantor hereunder and under the other Transaction Documents shall
        in no event exceed the amount which can be guaranteed by such
        Guarantor under applicable federal and state laws, including laws
        relating to the insolvency of debtors, fraudulent conveyance or
        transfer or laws affecting the rights of creditors generally (after
        giving effect to the right of contribution established in Section
        2(b)).
 
        (iii)       Each Guarantor agrees that the Obligations may at any
        time and from time to time exceed the amount of the liability of
        such Guarantor hereunder without impairing the guarantee contained
        in this Section 2 or affecting the rights and remedies of the
        Purchasers hereunder.
 
2

 
 
        (iv)       The guarantee contained in this Section 2 shall remain
        in full force and effect until all the Obligations and the
        obligations of each Guarantor under the guarantee contained in this
        Section 2 shall have been satisfied by indefeasible payment in
        full.
 
        (v)       No payment made by the Company, any of the Guarantors,
        any other guarantor or any other Person or received or collected by
        the Purchasers from the Company, any of the Guarantors, any other
        guarantor or any other Person by virtue of any action or proceeding
        or any set-off or appropriation or application at any time or from
        time to time in reduction of or in payment of the Obligations shall
        be deemed to modify, reduce, release or otherwise affect the
        liability of any Guarantor hereunder which shall, notwithstanding
        any such payment (other than any payment made by such Guarantor in
        respect of the Obligations or any payment received or collected
        from such Guarantor in respect of the Obligations), remain liable
        for the Obligations up to the maximum liability of such Guarantor
        hereunder until the Obligations are indefeasibly paid in full.
 
        (vi)       Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this
        Guarantee, with respect to any defaulted non-monetary Obligations
        the specific performance of which by the Guarantors is not
        reasonably possible (e.g. the issuance of the Company’s Common
        Stock), the Guarantors shall only be liable for making the
        Purchasers whole on a monetary basis for the Company’s failure to
        perform such Obligations in accordance with the Transaction
        Documents.
 
    (b)       Right of Contribution. Subject to Section 2(c), each
    Guarantor hereby agrees that to the extent that a Guarantor shall have
    paid more than its proportionate share of any payment made hereunder,
    such Guarantor shall be entitled to seek and receive contribution from
    and against any other Guarantor hereunder which has not paid its
    proportionate share of such payment. Each Guarantor’s right of
    contribution shall be subject to the terms and conditions of Section
    2(c). The provisions of this Section 2(b) shall in no respect limit the
    obligations and liabilities of any Guarantor to the Purchasers and each
    Guarantor shall remain liable to the Purchasers for the full amount
    guaranteed by such Guarantor hereunder.
 
    (c)       No Subrogation. Notwithstanding any payment made by any
    Guarantor hereunder or any set-off or application of funds of any
    Guarantor by the Purchasers, no Guarantor shall be entitled to be
    subrogated to any of the rights of the Purchasers against the Company
    or any other Guarantor or any collateral security or guarantee or right
    of offset held by the Purchasers for the payment of the Obligations,
    nor shall any Guarantor seek or be entitled to seek any contribution or
    reimbursement from the Company or any other Guarantor in respect of
    payments made by such Guarantor hereunder, until all amounts owing to
    the Purchasers by the Company on account of the Obligations are
    indefeasibly paid in full. If any amount shall be paid to any Guarantor
    on account of such subrogation rights at any time when all of the
    Obligations shall not have been paid in full, such amount shall be held
    by such Guarantor in trust for the Purchasers, segregated from other
    funds of such Guarantor, and shall, forthwith upon receipt by such
    Guarantor, be turned over to the Purchasers in the exact form received
    by such Guarantor (duly indorsed by such Guarantor to the Purchasers,
    if required), to be applied against the Obligations, whether matured or
    unmatured, in such order as the Purchasers may determine.
 
3

 
 
    (d)       Amendments, Etc. With Respect to the Obligations. Each
    Guarantor shall remain obligated hereunder notwithstanding that,
    without any reservation of rights against any Guarantor and without
    notice to or further assent by any Guarantor, any demand for payment of
    any of the Obligations made by the Purchasers may be rescinded by the
    Purchasers and any of the Obligations continued, and the Obligations,
    or the liability of any other Person upon or for any part thereof, or
    any collateral security or guarantee therefor or right of offset with
    respect thereto, may, from time to time, in whole or in part, be
    renewed, extended, amended, modified, accelerated, compromised, waived,
    surrendered or released by the Purchasers, and the Purchase Agreement
    and the other Transaction Documents and any other documents executed
    and delivered in connection therewith may be amended, modified,
    supplemented or terminated, in whole or in part, as the Purchasers may
    deem advisable from time to time, and any collateral security,
    guarantee or right of offset at any time held by the Purchasers for the
    payment of the Obligations may be sold, exchanged, waived, surrendered
    or released. The Purchasers shall have no obligation to protect,
    secure, perfect or insure any Lien at any time held by them as security
    for the Obligations or for the guarantee contained in this Section 2 or
    any property subject thereto.
 
    (e)       Guarantee Absolute and Unconditional. Each Guarantor waives
    any and all notice of the creation, renewal, extension or accrual of
    any of the Obligations and notice of or proof of reliance by the
    Purchasers upon the guarantee contained in this Section 2 or acceptance
    of the guarantee contained in this Section 2; the Obligations, and any
    of them, shall conclusively be deemed to have been created, contracted
    or incurred, or renewed, extended, amended or waived, in reliance upon
    the guarantee contained in this Section 2; and all dealings between the
    Company and any of the Guarantors, on the one hand, and the Purchasers,
    on the other hand, likewise shall be conclusively presumed to have been
    had or consummated in reliance upon the guarantee contained in this
    Section 2. Each Guarantor waives to the extent permitted by law
    diligence, presentment, protest, demand for payment and notice of
    default or nonpayment to or upon the Company or any of the Guarantors
    with respect to the Obligations. Each Guarantor understands and agrees
    that the guarantee contained in this Section 2 shall be construed as a
    continuing, absolute and unconditional guarantee of payment and
    performance without regard to (a) the validity or enforceability of the
    Purchase Agreement or any other Transaction Document, any of the
    Obligations or any other collateral security therefor or guarantee or
    right of offset with respect thereto at any time or from time to time
    held by the Purchasers, (b) any defense, set-off or counterclaim (other
    than a defense of payment or performance or fraud by Purchasers) which
    may at any time be available to or be asserted by the Company or any
    other Person against the Purchasers, or (c) any other circumstance
    whatsoever (with or without notice to or knowledge of the Company or
    such Guarantor) which constitutes, or might be construed to constitute,
    an equitable or legal discharge of the Company for the Obligations, or
    of such Guarantor under the guarantee contained in this Section 2, in
    bankruptcy or in any other instance. When making any demand hereunder
    or otherwise pursuing its rights and remedies hereunder against any
    Guarantor, the Purchasers may, but shall be under no obligation to,
    make a similar demand on or otherwise pursue such rights and remedies
    as they may have against the Company, any other Guarantor or any other
    Person or against any collateral security or guarantee for the
    Obligations or any right of offset with respect thereto, and any
    failure by the Purchasers to make any such demand, to pursue such other
    rights or remedies or to collect any payments from the Company, any
    other Guarantor or any other Person or to realize upon any such
    collateral security or guarantee or to exercise any such right of
    offset, or any release of the Company, any other Guarantor or any other
    Person or any such collateral security, guarantee or right of offset,
    shall not relieve any Guarantor of any obligation or liability
    hereunder, and shall not impair or affect the rights and remedies,
    whether express, implied or available as a matter of law, of the
    Purchasers against any Guarantor. For the purposes hereof, “demand”
    shall include the commencement and continuance of any legal
    proceedings.
 
4

 
 
    (f)       Reinstatement. The guarantee contained in this Section 2
    shall continue to be effective, or be reinstated, as the case may be,
    if at any time payment, or any part thereof, of any of the Obligations
    is rescinded or must otherwise be restored or returned by the
    Purchasers upon the insolvency, bankruptcy, dissolution, liquidation or
    reorganization of the Company or any Guarantor, or upon or as a result
    of the appointment of a receiver, intervenor or conservator of, or
    trustee or similar officer for, the Company or any Guarantor or any
    substantial part of its property, or otherwise, all as though such
    payments had not been made.
 
    (g)       Payments. Each Guarantor hereby guarantees that payments
    hereunder will be paid to the Purchasers without set-off or
    counterclaim in U.S. dollars at the address set forth or referred to in
    the Signature Pages to the Purchase Agreement.
 
3.       Representations and Warranties. Each Guarantor hereby makes the 
following representations and warranties to Purchasers as of the date 
hereof:
 
    (a)       Organization and Qualification. The Guarantor is a
    corporation or a limited liability company, duly incorporated or
    formed, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the
    applicable jurisdiction set forth on Schedule 1, with the requisite
    corporate or limited liability company power and authority to own and
    use its properties and assets and to carry on its business as currently
    conducted. The Guarantor has no subsidiaries other than those
    identified as such on the Disclosure Schedules to the Purchase
    Agreement. The Guarantor is duly qualified to do business and is in
    good standing as a foreign corporation or limited liability company in
    each jurisdiction in which the nature of the business conducted or
    property owned by it makes such qualification necessary, except where
    the failure to be so qualified or in good standing, as the case may be,
    could not, individually or in the aggregate, (x) adversely affect the
    legality, validity or enforceability of any of this Guaranty in any
    material respect, (y) have a material adverse effect on the results of
    operations, assets, prospects, or financial condition of the Guarantor
    or (z) adversely impair in any material respect the Guarantor’s ability
    to perform fully on a timely basis its obligations under this Guaranty
    (a “Material Adverse Effect”).
 
    (b)       Authorization; Enforcement. The Guarantor has the requisite
    corporate or limited liability company power and authority to enter
    into and to consummate the transactions contemplated by this Guaranty,
    and otherwise to carry out its obligations hereunder. The execution and
    delivery of this Guaranty by the Guarantor and the consummation by it
    of the transactions contemplated hereby have been duly authorized by
    all requisite corporate or limited liability company action on the part
    of the Guarantor. This Guaranty has been duly executed and delivered by
    the Guarantor and constitutes the valid and binding obligation of the
    Guarantor enforceable against the Guarantor in accordance with its
    terms, except as such enforceability may be limited by applicable
    bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium, liquidation or
    similar laws relating to, or affecting generally the enforcement of,
    creditors’ rights and remedies or by other equitable principles of
    general application.
 
5

 
 
    (c)       No Conflicts. The execution, delivery and performance of this
    Guaranty by the Guarantor and the consummation by the Guarantor of the
    transactions contemplated thereby do not and will not (i) conflict with
    or violate any provision of its Certificate of Incorporation or
    organizational document or By-laws or (ii) conflict with, constitute a
    default (or an event which with notice or lapse of time or both would
    become a default) under, or give to others any rights of termination,
    amendment, acceleration or cancellation of, any agreement, indenture or
    instrument to which the Guarantor is a party, or (iii) result in a
    violation of any law, rule, regulation, order, judgment, injunction,
    decree or other restriction of any court or governmental authority to
    which the Guarantor is subject (including Federal and State securities
    laws and regulations), or by which any material property or asset of
    the Guarantor is bound or affected, except in the case of each of
    clauses (ii) and (iii), such conflicts, defaults, terminations,
    amendments, accelerations, cancellations and violations as could not,
    individually or in the aggregate, have or result in a Material Adverse
    Effect. The business of the Guarantor is not being conducted in
    violation of any law, ordinance or regulation of any governmental
    authority, except for violations which, individually or in the
    aggregate, do not have a Material Adverse Effect.
 
    (d)       Consents and Approvals. The Guarantor is not required to
    obtain any consent, waiver, authorization or order of, or make any
    filing or registration with, any court or other federal, state, local,
    foreign or other governmental authority or other person in connection
    with the execution, delivery and performance by the Guarantor of this
    Guaranty.
 
    (e)       Purchase Agreement. The representations and warranties of the
    Company set forth in the Purchase Agreement as they relate to such
    Guarantor, each of which is hereby incorporated herein by reference,
    are true and correct as of each time such representations are deemed to
    be made pursuant to such Purchase Agreement, and the Purchasers shall
    be entitled to rely on each of them as if they were fully set forth
    herein, provided that each reference in each such representation and
    warranty to the Company’s knowledge shall, for the purposes of this
    Section 3, be deemed to be a reference to such Guarantor’s knowledge.
 
    (f)       Foreign Law. Each Guarantor has consulted with appropriate
    foreign legal counsel with respect to any of the above representations
    for which non-U.S. law is applicable. Such foreign counsel have advised
    each applicable Guarantor that such counsel knows of no reason why any
    of the above representations would not be true and accurate. Such
    foreign counsel were provided with copies of this Subsidiary Guarantee
    and the Transaction Documents prior to rendering their advice.
 
4.       Covenants.
 
    (a)       Each Guarantor covenants and agrees with the Purchasers that,
    from and after the date of this Guarantee until the Obligations shall
    have been indefeasibly paid in full, such Guarantor shall take, and/or
    shall refrain from taking, as the case may be, each commercially
    reasonable action that is necessary to be taken or not taken, as the
    case may be, so that no Event of Default (as defined in the Debentures)
    is caused by the failure to take such action or to refrain from taking
    such action by such Guarantor.
 
6

 
 
    (b)       So long as any of the Obligations are outstanding, unless
    Purchasers holding at least 67% of the aggregate principal amount of
    the then outstanding Debentures shall otherwise consent in writing,
    each Guarantor will not directly or indirectly on or after the date of
    this Guarantee:
 
        i.       enter into, create, incur, assume or suffer to exist any
        indebtedness for borrowed money of any kind, including but not
        limited to, a guarantee, on or with respect to any of its property
        or assets now owned or hereafter acquired or any interest therein
        or any income or profits therefrom;
 
        ii.       enter into, create, incur, assume or suffer to exist any
        liens of any kind, on or with respect to any of its property or
        assets now owned or hereafter acquired or any interest therein or
        any income or profits therefrom;
 
        iii.       amend its certificate of incorporation, bylaws or other
        charter documents so as to adversely affect any rights of any
        Purchaser;
 
        iv.       repay, repurchase or offer to repay, repurchase or
        otherwise acquire more than a de minimis number of shares of its
        securities or debt obligations;
 
        v.       pay cash dividends on any equity securities of the
        Company;
 
        vi.       enter into any transaction with any Affiliate of the
        Guarantor which would be required to be disclosed in any public
        filing of the Company with the Commission, unless such transaction
        is made on an arm’s-length basis and expressly approved by a
        majority of the disinterested directors of the Company (even if
        less than a quorum otherwise required for board approval); or
 
        vii.       enter into any agreement with respect to any of the
        foregoing.
 
5.       Miscellaneous.
 
    (a)       Amendments in Writing. None of the terms or provisions of
    this Guarantee may be waived, amended, supplemented or otherwise
    modified except in writing by the Purchasers.
 
    (b)       Notices. All notices, requests and demands to or upon the
    Purchasers or any Guarantor hereunder shall be effected in the manner
    provided for in the Purchase Agreement, provided that any such notice,
    request or demand to or upon any Guarantor shall be addressed to such
    Guarantor at its notice address set forth on Schedule 5(b).
 
    (c)       No Waiver By Course Of Conduct; Cumulative Remedies. The
    Purchasers shall not by any act (except by a written instrument
    pursuant to Section 5(a)), delay, indulgence, omission or otherwise be
    deemed to have waived any right or remedy hereunder or to have
    acquiesced in any default under the Transaction Documents or Event of
    Default. No failure to exercise, nor any delay in exercising, on the
    part of the Purchasers, any right, power or privilege hereunder shall
    operate as a waiver thereof. No single or partial exercise of any
    right, power or privilege hereunder shall preclude any other or further
    exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right, power or
    privilege. A waiver by the Purchasers of any right or remedy hereunder
    on any one occasion shall not be construed as a bar to any right or
    remedy which the Purchasers would otherwise have on any future
    occasion. The rights and remedies herein provided are cumulative, may
    be exercised singly or concurrently and are not exclusive of any other
    rights or remedies provided by law.
 
7

 
 
    (d)       Enforcement Expenses; Indemnification.
 
        (i)       Each Guarantor agrees to pay, or reimburse the Purchasers
        for, all its costs and expenses incurred in collecting against such
        Guarantor under the guarantee contained in Section 2 or otherwise
        enforcing or preserving any rights under this Guarantee and the
        other Transaction Documents to which such Guarantor is a party,
        including, without limitation, the reasonable fees and
        disbursements of counsel to the Purchasers.
 
        (ii)       Each Guarantor agrees to pay, and to save the Purchasers
        harmless from, any and all liabilities with respect to, or
        resulting from any delay in paying, any and all stamp, excise,
        sales or other taxes which may be payable or determined to be
        payable in connection with any of the transactions contemplated by
        this Guarantee.
 
        (iii)       Each Guarantor agrees to pay, and to save the
        Purchasers harmless from, any and all liabilities, obligations,
        losses, damages, penalties, actions, judgments, suits, costs,
        expenses or disbursements of any kind or nature whatsoever with
        respect to the execution, delivery, enforcement, performance and
        administration of this Guarantee to the extent the Company would be
        required to do so pursuant to the Purchase Agreement.
 
        (iv)       The agreements in this Section shall survive repayment
        of the Obligations and all other amounts payable under the Purchase
        Agreement and the other Transaction Documents.
 
    (e)       Successor and Assigns. This Guarantee shall be binding upon
    the successors and assigns of each Guarantor and shall inure to the
    benefit of the Purchasers and their respective successors and assigns;
    provided that no Guarantor may assign, transfer or delegate any of its
    rights or obligations under this Guarantee without the prior written
    consent of the Purchasers.
 
    (f)       Set-Off. Each Guarantor hereby irrevocably authorizes the
    Purchasers at any time and from time to time while an Event of Default
    under any of the Transaction Documents shall have occurred and be
    continuing, without notice to such Guarantor or any other Guarantor,
    any such notice being expressly waived by each Guarantor, to set-off
    and appropriate and apply any and all deposits, credits, indebtedness
    or claims, in any currency, in each case whether direct or indirect,
    absolute or contingent, matured or unmatured, at any time held or owing
    by the Purchasers to or for the credit or the account of such
    Guarantor, or any part thereof in such amounts as the Purchasers may
    elect, against and on account of the obligations and liabilities of
    such Guarantor to the Purchasers hereunder and claims of every nature
    and description of the Purchasers against such Guarantor, in any
    currency, whether arising hereunder, under the Purchase Agreement, any
    other Transaction Document or otherwise, as the Purchasers may elect,
    whether or not the Purchasers have made any demand for payment and
    although such obligations, liabilities and claims may be contingent or
    unmatured. The Purchasers shall notify such Guarantor promptly of any
    such set-off and the application made by the Purchasers of the proceeds
    thereof, provided that the failure to give such notice shall not affect
    the validity of such set-off and application. The rights of the
    Purchasers under this Section are in addition to other rights and
    remedies (including, without limitation, other rights of set-off) which
    the Purchasers may have.
 
8

 
 
    (g)       Counterparts. This Guarantee may be executed by one or more
    of the parties to this Guarantee on any number of separate counterparts
    (including by telecopy), and all of said counterparts taken together
    shall be deemed to constitute one and the same instrument.
 
    (h)       Severability. Any provision of this Guarantee which is
    prohibited or unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall, as to such
    jurisdiction, be ineffective to the extent of such prohibition or
    unenforceability without invalidating the remaining provisions hereof,
    and any such prohibition or unenforceability in any jurisdiction shall
    not invalidate or render unenforceable such provision in any other
    jurisdiction.
 
    (i)       Section Headings. The Section headings used in this Guarantee
    are for convenience of reference only and are not to affect the
    construction hereof or be taken into consideration in the
    interpretation hereof.
 
    (j)       Integration. This Guarantee and the other Transaction
    Documents represent the agreement of the Guarantors and the Purchasers
    with respect to the subject matter hereof and thereof, and there are no
    promises, undertakings, representations or warranties by the Purchasers
    relative to subject matter hereof and thereof not expressly set forth
    or referred to herein or in the other Transaction Documents.
 
    (k)       Governing Laws. All questions concerning the construction,
    validity, enforcement and interpretation of this Guarantee shall be
    governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the internal
    laws of the State of New York, without regard to the principles of
    conflicts of law thereof. Each of the Company and the Guarantors agree
    that all proceedings concerning the interpretations, enforcement and
    defense of the transactions contemplated by this Guarantee (whether
    brought against a party hereto or its respective affiliates, directors,
    officers, shareholders, partners, members, employees or agents) shall
    be commenced exclusively in the state and federal courts sitting in the
    City of New York, Borough of Manhattan. Each of the Company and the
    Guarantors hereby irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of
    the state and federal courts sitting in the City of New York, Borough
    of Manhattan for the adjudication of any dispute hereunder or in
    connection herewith or with any transaction contemplated hereby or
    discussed herein, and hereby irrevocably waives, and agrees not to
    assert in any proceeding, any claim that it is not personally subject
    to the jurisdiction of any such court, that such proceeding is
    improper. Each party hereto hereby irrevocably waives personal service
    of process and consents to process being served in any such proceeding
    by mailing a copy thereof via registered or certified mail or overnight
    delivery (with evidence of delivery) to such party at the address in
    effect for notices to it under this Guarantee and agrees that such
    service shall constitute good and sufficient service of process and
    notice thereof. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in
    any way any right to serve process in any manner permitted by law. Each
    party hereto hereby irrevocably waives, to the fullest extent permitted
    by applicable law, any and all right to trial by jury in any legal
    proceeding arising out of or relating to this Guarantee or the
    transactions contemplated hereby.
 
9

 
 
    (l)       Acknowledgements. Each Guarantor hereby acknowledges that:
 
        (i)       it has been advised by counsel in the negotiation,
        execution and delivery of this Guarantee and the other Transaction
        Documents to which it is a party;
 
        (ii)       the Purchasers have no fiduciary relationship with or
        duty to any Guarantor arising out of or in connection with this
        Guarantee or any of the other Transaction Documents, and the
        relationship between the Guarantors, on the one hand, and the
        Purchasers, on the other hand, in connection herewith or therewith
        is solely that of debtor and creditor; and
 
        (iii)       no joint venture is created hereby or by the other
        Transaction Documents or otherwise exists by virtue of the
        transactions contemplated hereby among the Guarantors and the
        Purchasers.
         
    (m)       Additional Guarantors. The Company shall cause each of its
    subsidiaries formed or acquired on or subsequent to the date hereof to
    become a Guarantor for all purposes of this Guarantee by executing and
    delivering an Assumption Agreement in the form of Annex 1 hereto.
 
    (n)       Release of Guarantors. Each Guarantor will be released from
    all liability hereunder concurrently with the indefeasible repayment in
    full of all amounts owed under the Purchase Agreement, the Debentures
    and the other Transaction Documents.
 
    (o)       Seniority. The Obligations of each of the Guarantors
    hereunder rank senior in priority to any other Indebtedness (as defined
    in the Purchase Agreement) of such Guarantor.
 
    (p)       WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL. EACH GUARANTOR AND, BY ACCEPTANCE OF
    THE BENEFITS HEREOF, THE PURCHASERS, HEREBY IRREVOCABLY AND
    UNCONDITIONALLY WAIVE TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL ACTION OR PROCEEDING
    RELATING TO THIS GUARANTEE AND FOR ANY COUNTERCLAIM THEREIN.
 
*********************
 
5.23       (Signature Pages Follow)
 
10

 
 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, each of the undersigned has caused this Guarantee to be 
duly executed and delivered as of the date first above written.
 
  	DIGITAL ALLY INTERNATIONAL, INC.
  	  	 
  	By: 	                          
  	Name: 	 
  	Title: 	 
 
  	MEDICAL DEVICES ALLY, LLC
  	  	 
  	By: 	DIGITAL ALLY, INC.,
  	ITS MANAGING MEMBER
  	  	 
  	By: 	   
  	Name: 	 
  	Title: 	 
 
  	MP ALLY, LLC
  	  	 
  	By: 	DIGITAL ALLY, INC.,
  	ITS MANAGING MEMBER
  	  	 
  	By: 	 
  	Name: 	 
  	Title: 	 
 
11

 
 
SCHEDULE 1
 
GUARANTORS
 
The following are the names, notice addresses and jurisdiction of 
organization of each Guarantor.
 
  	  	  	  	COMPANY
  	  	JURISDICTION OF 	  	OWNED BY
  	  	INCORPORATION 	  	PERCENTAGE
  	  	  	  	 
Digital Ally International, Inc. Nevada 	  	  	  	100%
  	  	  	  	 
Medical Devices Ally, LLC 	  	Kansas 	  	100%
  	  	  	  	 
MP Ally, LLC 	  	Kansas 	  	100%
 
12

 
 
Annex 1 to
 
SUBSIDIARY GUARANTEE
 
ASSUMPTION AGREEMENT, dated as of January __, 2017 made by Digital Ally, 
Inc., a Nevada corporation (the “Additional Guarantor”), in favor of the 
Purchasers pursuant to the Purchase Agreement referred to below. All 
capitalized terms not defined herein shall have the meaning ascribed to 
them in such Purchase Agreement.
 
W I T N E S S E T H :
 
WHEREAS, Digital Ally, Inc., a Nevada corporation (the “Company”) and the 
Purchasers have entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of 
January ___, 2017 (as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time 
to time, the “Purchase Agreement”);
 
WHEREAS, in connection with the Purchase Agreement, the Subsidiaries of the 
Company (other than the Additional Guarantor) have entered into the 
Subsidiary Guarantee, dated as of January ____, 2017 (as amended, 
supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the “Guarantee”) in 
favor of the Purchasers;
 
WHEREAS, the Purchase Agreement requires the Additional Guarantor to become 
a party to the Guarantee; and
 
WHEREAS, the Additional Guarantor has agreed to execute and deliver this 
Assumption Agreement in order to become a party to the Guarantee;
 
NOW, THEREFORE, IT IS AGREED:
 
1.       Guarantee. By executing and delivering this Assumption Agreement, 
the Additional Guarantor, as provided in Section 5(m) of the Guarantee, 
hereby becomes a party to the Guarantee as a Guarantor thereunder with the 
same force and effect as if originally named therein as a Guarantor and, 
without limiting the generality of the foregoing, hereby expressly assumes 
all obligations and liabilities of a Guarantor thereunder. The information 
set forth in Annex 1 hereto is hereby added to the information set forth in 
Schedule 1 to the Guarantee. The Additional Guarantor hereby represents and 
warrants that each of the representations and warranties contained in 
Section 3 of the Guarantee is true and correct on and as the date hereof as 
to such Additional Guarantor (after giving effect to this Assumption 
Agreement) as if made on and as of such date.
 
2.       Governing Law. THIS ASSUMPTION AGREEMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND 
CONSTRUED AND INTERPRETED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW 
YORK.
 
13

 
 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has caused this Assumption Agreement to 
be duly executed and delivered as of the date first above written.
 
  	[ADDITIONALGUARANTOR]
  	  	 
  	By: 	                                                      
  	Name: 	 
  	Title: 	 
 
14

 
 