 EX-10.31 2 exhibit1031formofrestricte.htm EXHIBIT 10.31



      Exhibit 10.31


DYNEX CAPITAL, INC.
2009 STOCK AND INCENTIVE PLAN

FORM OF
RESTRICTED STOCK AGREEMENT
FOR EXECUTIVE OFFICERS


This Restricted Stock Agreement (“Agreement”), which includes the attached 
Terms and Conditions, confirms the grant of restricted stock (the “Award”) 
by DYNEX CAPITAL, INC. (the “Company”), to <<name>> (“Employee”), under the 
Dynex Capital, Inc. 2009 Stock and Incentive Plan (the “Plan”) as follows:



       Date of Grant:


       <<grant date>> (“Award Date”)


       Number of Shares:


       << number of shares>> shares (“Award Shares”)


       Vesting:


       <<insert vesting schedule>>, subject to the Terms and Conditions.


The Award is subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan and this 
Agreement, which includes the attached Terms and Conditions.

By signing below, the Company and Employee agree to the terms and 
conditions of this Agreement.



DYNEX CAPITAL, INC.
 
EMPLOYEE
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
<< name>>
 
 
<< name>>
 
<<title>>
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Date:                        
 
Date:                    
                    





------------------------------------------------------------------------


TERMS AND CONDITIONS

The following terms and conditions apply to the Award of restricted stock 
granted to Employee by the Company as specified on the preceding page (the 
“Summary Page”), which is an integral part of this Agreement.

1.    Award of Shares. Under the terms of the Plan, the Committee has 
granted to Employee the Award of restricted stock, effective on the Award 
Date.

2.    Period of Restriction and Vesting in the Award Shares.

      (a)
Subject to earlier vesting or forfeiture as provided below, the period of 
restriction (the “Period of Restriction”) applicable to each portion of the 
Award Shares is the period from the Award Date through the dates provided 
on the Summary Page, provided Employee continues to provide services to the 
Company or any Related Entity as contemplated in Paragraph 6 through such 
date.

      (b)
Except as contemplated in Paragraph 2(c), the Award Shares, and the rights 
and privileges conferred hereby, may not be sold, transferred, pledged, 
assigned, or otherwise alienated or hypothecated, otherwise than by will or 
by the laws of descent and distribution, and shall not be subject to 
execution, attachment or similar process, during the Period of Restriction. 
Except as otherwise provided pursuant to Paragraph 2(c), the Award Shares 
as determined pursuant to Paragraph 2(a) shall become freely transferable 
by Employee as of the last day of the relevant Period of Restriction.

      (c)
Subject to earlier forfeiture as provided in Paragraph 6 below, in the 
event a Vesting Acceleration Event occurs while Employee is providing 
services to the Company or a Related Entity as contemplated in Paragraph 6 
and prior to the end of the Period of Restriction applicable to any portion 
of the Award Shares, immediate vesting shall occur and the Period of 
Restriction shall end for such portion of the Award Shares, and the Award 
Shares shall be free of restrictions and freely transferable on the date of 
such Vesting Acceleration Event.

      (d)
The following terms have the following meanings for purposes hereof:

            (i)
“Cause” shall have the meaning set forth in any written employment or 
severance agreement between Employee and the Company in effect on the Award 
Date (the “Employment Agreement”). If no such agreement exists on the Award 
Date or if such agreement does not contain any such definition, “Cause” 
shall mean (A) Employee's failure to comply with a lawful directive of the 
board of directors of the Company or any Related Entity or any supervisory 
personnel, (B) any criminal act by Employee, (C) any act of dishonesty or 
misconduct by Employee that has an adverse effect on the property, 
operations, business or reputation of the Company or any Related Entity, or 
(D) the material breach by Employee of any written policies of the Company 
or any Related Entity or the terms of any confidentiality, non-competition, 
non-solicitation or other agreement that Employee has with the Company or 
any Related Entity.

            (ii)
“Vesting Acceleration Event” shall mean the occurrence of a Change in 
Control (as defined in the Plan), Employee’s separation from service due to 
becoming “disabled” (as defined in the Employment Agreement or, if none, 
for purposes of Section 22(e)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code), Employee’s 
death, Employee’s retirement, with the consent of the Committee or its 
delegate, at or after age sixty-five (65) where there is no Cause (as 
defined herein) for the Company to terminate Employee’s service, the 
termination of Employee’s service with the Company and any Related Entity 
by the Company other than for Cause (as defined herein), the termination of 
Employee’s service with the Company and any

1
------------------------------------------------------------------------


                  Related Entity by Employee for “good reason” (as defined
                  in the Employment Agreement) but only if the Employment
                  Agreement defines the term “good reason”.

3.    Stock Certificates.

      (a)
The Company shall issue the Award Shares either: (i) in certificate form, 
or (ii) in book-entry form, registered in the name of Employee with 
notations as to any restrictions on transfer imposed under this Agreement.

      (b)
Any certificates representing any of the Award Shares shall be held by the 
Company until the Period of Restriction with respect to any of the Award 
Shares lapses or until the Award Shares are forfeited hereunder. During the 
Period of Restriction, any Award Shares issued in book-entry form shall be 
subject to the following legend and any certificates representing the Award 
Shares shall bear the following legend:

                  The sale or other transfer of the shares of stock
                  represented by this certificate, whether voluntary,
                  involuntary, or by operation of law, is subject to
                  certain restrictions on transfer set forth in the Dynex
                  Capital, Inc. 2009 Stock and Incentive Plan and in a
                  Restricted Stock Agreement dated <<grant date>>. A copy
                  of the Plan and such Restricted Stock Agreement may be
                  obtained from the Secretary of Dynex Capital, Inc.

      (c)
Promptly after the Period of Restriction lapses for any of the Award 
Shares, the Company shall either remove the relevant notations for such 
Award Shares issued in book-entry form or deliver to Employee a 
certificate(s) evidencing the number of Award Shares as to which the Period 
of Restriction has lapsed.

      (d)
By execution of this Agreement (which shall constitute the Stock Power 
contemplated in the Plan), Employee hereby appoints the Secretary of the 
Company, with full power of substitution, as Employee’s attorney in fact 
with power and authority in the name and on behalf of Employee to take any 
action and execute all documents and instruments, including without 
limitation stock powers, which may be necessary to transfer any forfeited 
Award Shares (or shares otherwise reacquired or withheld by the Company 
hereunder), to the Company as may be required pursuant to the Plan or this 
Agreement.

4.    Voting Rights. During the Period of Restriction, Employee may 
exercise full voting rights with respect to all of the Award Shares.

5.    Dividends and Other Distributions. During the Period of Restriction, 
all dividends and other distributions paid with respect to the Award Shares 
in the Company’s Common Stock or other securities of the Company shall be 
registered in the name of Employee and held by the Company until payable or 
forfeited pursuant hereto. Such stock dividends and other stock 
distributions shall be subject to the same restrictions on transferability, 
forfeiture, and vesting as the Award Shares with respect to which they were 
paid and shall, to the extent vested, be paid when and to the extent the 
underlying Award Shares are vested and freed of restrictions. Dividends 
paid in cash shall be paid to Employee at the same time as they are paid to 
other shareholders of the Company and shall not be subject to any 
restrictions under this Agreement.

6.    Forfeiture on Separation from Service. If Employee separates from 
service with the Company and any Related Entities for any reason prior to 
the end of the Period of Restriction and Paragraph 2(c) does not apply or 
has not applied for any portion of the Award Shares, then any Award Shares 
subject to restrictions at the date of such separation from service shall 
be forfeited to the Company immediately upon such separation from service, 
subject to the exceptions described below. For purposes of this Agreement, 
transfer of employment among the

2
------------------------------------------------------------------------


Company and any Related Entities shall not be considered a separation from 
service. For purposes of this Agreement, an Employee shall not be 
considered to have a separation from service under this Agreement if such 
Employee continues to provide services to the Company or a Related Entity 
as an independent contractor or as a non-employee member of the Company’s 
or a Related Entity’s board of directors (a “Non-Employee Service 
Provider”), provided such services as a Non-Employee Service Provider begin 
on, before or immediately following Employee’s last day of employment as an 
employee. The Committee shall have absolute discretion, subject to 
applicable law, to determine whether a separation from service or 
authorized leave of absence or absence due to military or government 
service is to be considered as retirement for purposes of this Agreement 
and whether an authorized leave of absence or absence due to military or 
government service shall constitute a separation from service for purposes 
of this Agreement.

7.    Withholding Taxes. The Company, or any Related Entity, shall have the 
right to retain and withhold the amount of taxes required by any government 
to be withheld or otherwise deducted and paid with respect to the Award 
Shares. The Committee may require Employee or any successor in interest to 
pay or reimburse the Company, or any Related Entity, for any such taxes 
required to be withheld by the Company, or any Related Entity, and to 
withhold any distribution in whole or in part until the Company, or any 
Related Entity, is so paid or reimbursed. In lieu thereof, the Company, or 
any Related Entity, shall have the right to withhold from any other cash 
amounts due or to become due from the Company, or any Related Entity, to or 
with respect to Employee an amount equal to such taxes required to be 
withheld by the Company, or any Related Entity, to pay or reimburse the 
Company, or any Related Entity, for any such taxes. Alternatively, Employee 
or any successor in interest may elect to have the Company retain and 
withhold a number of vested Award Shares having a market value on the date 
of withholding not less than the amount of such taxes and cancel any shares 
so withheld in order to pay or reimburse the Company, or any Related 
Entity, for any such taxes. Employee or any successor in interest is also 
authorized to deliver shares of the Company’s Common Stock having a market 
value on the date of delivery not less than the amount of such taxes in 
satisfaction of required tax withholding obligations.

8.    Plan. This Award is granted pursuant to the Plan and is subject to 
the terms thereof. A copy of the Plan has been provided to Employee, and 
Employee acknowledges receipt thereof.

9.    Notices. Any notice to the Company required under or relating to this 
Agreement shall be in writing (which may be an electronic writing) and 
addressed to:

Dynex Capital, Inc.
4991 Lake Brook Drive, Suite 100
Glen Allen, VA 23060    
Attention: Secretary

Any notice to Employee required under or relating to this Agreement shall 
be in writing (which may be an electronic writing) and addressed to 
Employee at his or her address as it appears on the records of the Company.

10.    Construction and Capitalized Terms. This Agreement shall be 
administered, interpreted and construed in accordance with the applicable 
provisions of the Plan. Capitalized terms in this Agreement have the 
meaning assigned to them in the Plan, unless this Agreement provides, or 
the context requires, otherwise.






3