 EX-10.21 10 d253212dex1021.htm EX-10.21
Exhibit 10.21

INDENTURE

Dated as of October 24, 2016

Among

HILTON GRAND VACATIONS BORROWER LLC, as the Issuer,

HILTON GRAND VACATIONS BORROWER INC., as the Co-Issuer,

the Guarantors from time to time party hereto

and

WILMINGTON TRUST, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION,

as Trustee

6.500% SENIOR NOTES DUE 2024

------------------------------------------------------------------------
CROSS-REFERENCE TABLE*
 
Trust Indenture Act Section
   	
Indenture Section
310(a)(1) 	   	7.10
(a)(2) 	   	7.10
(a)(3) 	   	N.A.
(a)(4) 	   	N.A.
(a)(5) 	   	7.10
(b) 	   	7.03; 7.10
311(a) 	   	7.11
(b) 	   	7.11
312(a) 	   	2.05
(b) 	   	12.03
(c) 	   	12.03
313(a) 	   	7.06
(b)(1) 	   	N.A.
(b)(2) 	   	7.06; 7.07
(c) 	   	7.06; 12.02
(d) 	   	7.06
314(a) 	   	4.03; 12.05
(b) 	   	N.A.
(c)(1) 	   	12.04
(c)(2) 	   	12.04
(c)(3) 	   	N.A.
(d) 	   	N.A.
(e) 	   	12.05
(f) 	   	N.A.
315(a) 	   	7.01
(b) 	   	7.05; 12.02
(c) 	   	7.01
(d) 	   	7.01
(e) 	   	6.14
316(a)(last sentence) 	   	2.09
(a)(1)(A) 	   	6.05
(a)(1)(B) 	   	6.04
(a)(2) 	   	N.A.
(b) 	   	6.07
(c) 	   	2.12; 9.04
317(a)(1) 	   	6.08
(a)(2) 	   	6.12
(b) 	   	2.04
318(a) 	   	12.01
(b) 	   	N.A.
(c) 	   	12.01

N.A. means not applicable.
* 	This Cross-Reference Table is not part of this Indenture.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
  	  	  	   	Page 	 
ARTICLE 1 	  
DEFINITIONS AND INCORPORATION BY REFERENCE 	  
 Section 1.01.
  	Definitions 	   	  	1 	  
 Section 1.02.
  	Other Definitions 	   	  	39 	  
 Section 1.03.
  	Incorporation by Reference of Trust Indenture Act 	   	  	39 	  
 Section 1.04.
  	Rules of Construction 	   	  	40 	  
 Section 1.05.
  	Acts of Holders 	   	  	41 	  
 Section 1.06.
  	Timing of Payment 	   	  	42 	  
 Section 1.07.
  	Co-Issuers 	   	  	42 	  
 Section 1.08.
  	Financial Calculations for Limited Condition Acquisitions 	   	  	42 	  
ARTICLE 2 	  
THE NOTES 	  
 Section 2.01.
  	Form and Dating; Terms 	   	  	42 	  
 Section 2.02.
  	Execution and Authentication 	   	  	44 	  
 Section 2.03.
  	Registrar, Transfer Agent and Paying Agent 	   	  	44 	  
 Section 2.04.
  	Paying Agent to Hold Money in Trust 	   	  	45 	  
 Section 2.05.
  	Holder Lists 	   	  	45 	  
 Section 2.06.
  	Transfer and Exchange 	   	  	45 	  
 Section 2.07.
  	Replacement Notes 	   	  	56 	  
 Section 2.08.
  	Outstanding Notes 	   	  	56 	  
 Section 2.09.
  	Treasury Notes 	   	  	56 	  
 Section 2.10.
  	Temporary Notes 	   	  	57 	  
 Section 2.11.
  	Cancellation 	   	  	57 	  
 Section 2.12.
  	Defaulted Interest 	   	  	57 	  
 Section 2.13.
  	CUSIP Numbers; ISINs 	   	  	57 	  
ARTICLE 3 	  
REDEMPTION 	  
 Section 3.01.
  	Notices to Trustee 	   	  	57 	  
 Section 3.02.
  	Selection of Notes to Be Redeemed 	   	  	58 	  
 Section 3.03.
  	Notice of Redemption 	   	  	58 	  
 Section 3.04.
  	Effect of Notice of Redemption 	   	  	59 	  
 Section 3.05.
  	Deposit of Redemption Price 	   	  	59 	  
 Section 3.06.
  	Notes Redeemed in Part 	   	  	59 	  
 Section 3.07.
  	Optional Redemption 	   	  	60 	  
 Section 3.08.
  	Offers to Repurchase by Application of Excess Proceeds 	   	  	61 	  
ARTICLE 4 	  
COVENANTS 	  
 Section 4.01.
  	Payment of Notes 	   	  	62 	  
 Section 4.02.
  	Maintenance of Office or Agency 	   	  	63 	  
 Section 4.03.
  	Reports and Other Information 	   	  	63 	  
 Section 4.04.
  	Compliance Certificate 	   	  	64 	  
 Section 4.05.
  	Taxes 	   	  	64 	  
 Section 4.06.
  	Stay, Extension and Usury Laws 	   	  	64 	  
 Section 4.07.
  	Limitation on Restricted Payments 	   	  	65 	  
 
-ii-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Section 4.08.
  	
 Dividend and Other Payment Restrictions Affecting Restricted Subsidiaries
   	  	72 	  
 Section 4.09.
  	
 Limitation on Incurrence of Indebtedness and Issuance of Disqualified
 Stock and Preferred Stock
   	  	74 	  
 Section 4.10.
  	
 Asset Sales
   	  	80 	  
 Section 4.11.
  	
 Transactions with Affiliates
   	  	82 	  
 Section 4.12.
  	
 Liens
   	  	85 	  
 Section 4.13.
  	
 Company Existence
   	  	85 	  
 Section 4.14.
  	
 Offer to Repurchase Upon Change of Control Triggering Event
   	  	85 	  
 Section 4.15.
  	
 Limitation on Guarantees of Indebtedness by Restricted Subsidiaries
   	  	87 	  
 Section 4.16.
  	
 Limitations on Business Activities of the Co-Issuer
   	  	88 	  
 Section 4.17.
  	
 Suspension of Covenants
   	  	88 	  
ARTICLE 5 	  
SUCCESSORS 	  
 Section 5.01.
  	
 Merger, Consolidation or Sale of All or Substantially All Assets
   	  	89 	  
 Section 5.02.
  	
 Successor Person Substituted
   	  	91 	  
ARTICLE 6 	  
DEFAULTS AND REMEDIES 	  
 Section 6.01.
  	
 Events of Default
   	  	91 	  
 Section 6.02.
  	
 Acceleration
   	  	93 	  
 Section 6.03.
  	
 Other Remedies
   	  	94 	  
 Section 6.04.
  	
 Waiver of Past Defaults
   	  	94 	  
 Section 6.05.
  	
 Control by Majority
   	  	94 	  
 Section 6.06.
  	
 Limitation on Suits
   	  	94 	  
 Section 6.07.
  	
 Rights of Holders to Receive Payment
   	  	94 	  
 Section 6.08.
  	
 Collection Suit by Trustee
   	  	95 	  
 Section 6.09.
  	
 Restoration of Rights and Remedies
   	  	95 	  
 Section 6.10.
  	
 Rights and Remedies Cumulative
   	  	95 	  
 Section 6.11.
  	
 Delay or Omission Not Waiver
   	  	95 	  
 Section 6.12.
  	
 Trustee May File Proofs of Claim
   	  	95 	  
 Section 6.13.
  	
 Priorities
   	  	95 	  
 Section 6.14.
  	
 Undertaking for Costs
   	  	96 	  
ARTICLE 7 	  
TRUSTEE 	  
 Section 7.01.
  	
 Duties of Trustee
   	  	96 	  
 Section 7.02.
  	
 Rights of Trustee
   	  	97 	  
 Section 7.03.
  	
 Individual Rights of Trustee
   	  	98 	  
 Section 7.04.
  	
 Trustee’s Disclaimer
   	  	98 	  
 Section 7.05.
  	
 Notice of Defaults
   	  	99 	  
 Section 7.06.
  	
 Reports by Trustee to Holders
   	  	99 	  
 Section 7.07.
  	
 Compensation and Indemnity
   	  	99 	  
 Section 7.08.
  	
 Replacement of Trustee
   	  	99 	  
 Section 7.09.
  	
 Successor Trustee by Merger, etc
   	  	100 	  
 Section 7.10.
  	
 Eligibility; Disqualification
   	  	100 	  
 Section 7.11.
  	
 Preferential Collection of Claims Against Issuers
   	  	100 	  
ARTICLE 8 	  
LEGAL DEFEASANCE AND COVENANT DEFEASANCE 	  
 Section 8.01.
  	
 Option to Effect Legal Defeasance or Covenant Defeasance
   	  	101 	  
 Section 8.02.
  	
 Legal Defeasance and Discharge
   	  	101 	  
 
-iii-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Section 8.03.
  	
 Covenant Defeasance
   	  	101 	  
 Section 8.04.
  	
 Conditions to Legal or Covenant Defeasance
   	  	102 	  
 Section 8.05.
  	
 Deposited Money and U.S. Government Securities to be Held in Trust; Other
 Miscellaneous Provisions
   	  	103 	  
 Section 8.06.
  	
 Repayment to Issuers
   	  	103 	  
 Section 8.07.
  	
 Reinstatement
   	  	103 	  
ARTICLE 9 	  
AMENDMENT, SUPPLEMENT AND WAIVER 	  
 Section 9.01.
  	
 Without Consent of Holders
   	  	103 	  
 Section 9.02.
  	
 With Consent of Holders
   	  	105 	  
 Section 9.03.
  	
 Compliance with Trust Indenture Act
   	  	106 	  
 Section 9.04.
  	
 Revocation and Effect of Consents
   	  	106 	  
 Section 9.05.
  	
 Notation on or Exchange of Notes
   	  	106 	  
 Section 9.06.
  	
 Trustee to Sign Amendments, etc.
   	  	106 	  
 Section 9.07.
  	
 Amendments to Conform to Marketed Notes
   	  	107 	  
ARTICLE 10 	  
GUARANTEES 	  
 Section 10.01.
  	
 Guarantee
   	  	107 	  
 Section 10.02.
  	
 Limitation on Guarantor Liability
   	  	109 	  
 Section 10.03.
  	
 Execution and Delivery
   	  	109 	  
 Section 10.04.
  	
 Subrogation
   	  	109 	  
 Section 10.05.
  	
 Benefits Acknowledged
   	  	109 	  
 Section 10.06.
  	
 Release of Guarantees
   	  	109 	  
ARTICLE 11 	  
SATISFACTION AND DISCHARGE 	  
 Section 11.01.
  	
 Satisfaction and Discharge
   	  	110 	  
 Section 11.02.
  	
 Application of Trust Money
   	  	111 	  
ARTICLE 12 	  
MISCELLANEOUS 	  
 Section 12.01.
  	
 Trust Indenture Act Controls
   	  	112 	  
 Section 12.02.
  	
 Notices
   	  	112 	  
 Section 12.03.
  	
 Communication by Holders with Other Holders
   	  	113 	  
 Section 12.04.
  	
 Certificate and Opinion as to Conditions Precedent
   	  	113 	  
 Section 12.05.
  	
 Statements Required in Certificate or Opinion
   	  	113 	  
 Section 12.06.
  	
 Rules by Trustee and Agents
   	  	114 	  
 Section 12.07.
  	
 No Personal Liability of Directors, Officers, Employees and Stockholders
   	  	114 	  
 Section 12.08.
  	
 Governing Law
   	  	114 	  
 Section 12.09.
  	
 Waiver of Jury Trial
   	  	114 	  
 Section 12.10.
  	
 Force Majeure
   	  	114 	  
 Section 12.11.
  	
 No Adverse Interpretation of Other Agreements
   	  	114 	  
 Section 12.12.
  	
 Successors
   	  	114 	  
 Section 12.13.
  	
 Severability
   	  	114 	  
 Section 12.14.
  	
 Counterpart Originals
   	  	114 	  
 Section 12.15.
  	
 Table of Contents, Headings, etc.
   	  	114 	  
 Section 12.16.
  	
 Qualification of Indenture
   	  	115 	  
 Section 12.17.
  	
 USA Patriot Act
   	  	115 	  
 
-iv-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXHIBITS
 
Exhibit A-1 	   	FORM OF NOTE (OTHER THAN THE PHRI NOTES)
Exhibit A-2 	   	FORM OF NOTE REPRESENTING THE PHRI NOTES
Exhibit B 	   	FORM OF CERTIFICATE OF TRANSFER
Exhibit C 	   	FORM OF CERTIFICATE OF EXCHANGE
Exhibit D 	   	FORM OF SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE TO BE DELIVERED BY SUBSEQUENT 
GUARANTORS
 
-v-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
INDENTURE, dated as of October 24, 2016, among Hilton Grand Vacations 
Borrower LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the “Issuer”), Hilton 
Grand Vacations Borrower Inc., a Delaware corporation wholly owned by the 
Issuer (the “Co-Issuer” and together with the Issuer, the “Issuers”), the 
Guarantors (as defined herein) from time to time party hereto and 
Wilmington Trust, National Association, a national banking association, as 
Trustee.


W I T N E S S E T H

WHEREAS, the Issuers have duly authorized the creation of an issue of 
$300,000,000 aggregate principal amount of the Issuers’ 6.500% Senior Notes 
due 2024, initially represented by one or more Restricted Definitive Notes 
issued to PHRI (as defined below) (the “PHRI Notes”) in connection with the 
Issuer Capitalization (as defined herein);

WHEREAS, the Issuers will be jointly and severally liable for all 
obligations under the Notes and this Indenture; and

WHEREAS, each of the Issuers and the Guarantors has duly authorized the 
execution and delivery of this Indenture.

NOW, THEREFORE, each of the Issuers, the Guarantors and the Trustee agree 
as follows for the benefit of each other and for the equal and ratable 
benefit of the Holders (as defined herein).


ARTICLE 1
DEFINITIONS AND INCORPORATION BY REFERENCE

Section 1.01. Definitions.

“144A Global Note” means one or more Global Notes, substantially in the 
form of Exhibit A-2 hereto, bearing the Global Note Legend and the Private 
Placement Legend and deposited with or on behalf of, and registered in the 
name of, the Depositary or its nominee, issued in denominations that, in 
the aggregate, equal the outstanding principal amount of Notes sold in 
reliance on Rule 144A.

“Acquired Indebtedness” means, with respect to any specified Person,

(a) Indebtedness of any other Person existing at the time such other Person 
is merged or consolidated with or into or became a Restricted Subsidiary of 
such specified Person, including Indebtedness incurred in connection with, 
or in contemplation of, such other Person merging or consolidating with or 
into or becoming a Restricted Subsidiary of such specified Person, and

(b) Indebtedness secured by a Lien encumbering any asset acquired by such 
specified Person.

“Additional Interest” means all additional interest then owing pursuant to 
the Registration Rights Agreement.

“Additional Notes” means any additional Notes (other than the Initial Notes 
or any Exchange Notes issued in exchange for such Initial Notes) issued 
from time to time under this Indenture in accordance with Sections 2.01, 
2.02 and 4.09 hereof.

“Affiliate” of any specified Person means any other Person directly or 
indirectly controlling or controlled by or under direct or indirect common 
control with such specified Person. For purposes of this definition, “
control” (including, with correlative meanings, the terms “controlling,” “
controlled by” and “under common control with”), as used with respect to 
any Person, shall mean the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power 
to direct or cause the direction of the management or policies of such 
Person, whether through the ownership of voting securities, by agreement or 
otherwise.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
“Agent” means any Registrar, Transfer Agent or Paying Agent.

“Agent’s Message” means a message transmitted by DTC to, and received by, 
the tender agent and forming a part of the book-entry confirmation, which 
states that DTC has received an express acknowledgment from each 
participant in DTC tendering the Notes and that such participants have 
received the Letter of Transmittal and agree to be bound by the terms of 
the Letter of Transmittal and the Issuers may enforce such agreement 
against such participants.

“Applicable Premium” means, with respect to any Note on any Redemption Date 
as calculated by the Issuer, the greater of:

(a) 1.0% of the principal amount of such Note; and

(b) the excess, if any, of (i) the present value at such Redemption Date of 
(A) the redemption price of such Note at December 1, 2021 (such redemption 
price being set forth in the table set forth in Section 3.07(c) hereof), 
plus (B) all required remaining scheduled interest payments due on such 
Note through December 1, 2021 (excluding accrued but unpaid interest to the 
Redemption Date), computed using a discount rate equal to the Applicable 
Treasury Rate as of such Redemption Date plus 50 basis points over (ii) the 
then outstanding principal amount of such Note.

Calculation of any Applicable Premium is a responsibility of the Issuer, 
and the Trustee shall not be responsible to calculate or verify any 
calculation related to the Applicable Premium.

“Applicable Procedures” means, with respect to any transfer or exchange of 
or for, redemption of, or notice with respect to beneficial interests in 
any Global Note or the redemption or repurchase of any Global Note, the 
rules and procedures of the Depositary, Euroclear and/or Clearstream that 
apply to such transfer, exchange, redemption or repurchase.

“Applicable Treasury Rate” means, with respect to any Note on any 
Redemption Date, the yield to maturity, as determined by the Issuer, as of 
such Redemption Date of United States Treasury securities with a constant 
maturity (as compiled and published in the most recent Federal Reserve 
Statistical Release H.15 (519) that has become publicly available at least 
two Business Days prior to the Redemption Date (or, if such Statistical 
Release is no longer published, any publicly available source of similar 
market data)) most nearly equal to the period from the Redemption Date to 
December 1, 2021; provided, that if the period from the Redemption Date to 
such date is less than one year, the weekly average yield on actually 
traded United States Treasury securities adjusted to a constant maturity of 
one year will be used.

“Asset Sale” means:

(a) the sale, conveyance, transfer or other disposition, whether in a 
single transaction or a series of related transactions (including by way of 
a Sale and Lease-Back Transaction), of property or assets of the Issuer or 
any of its Restricted Subsidiaries (each referred to in this definition as 
a “disposition”); or

(b) the issuance or sale of Equity Interests of any Restricted Subsidiary 
(other than Preferred Stock of Restricted Subsidiaries issued in compliance 
with Section 4.09 hereof), whether in a single transaction or a series of 
related transactions;

in each case, other than:

(i) any disposition of Cash Equivalents or Investment Grade Securities or 
obsolete, damaged, unnecessary, unsuitable or worn out equipment, inventory 
or other property in the ordinary course of business or any disposition of 
inventory or goods (or other assets, including timeshare and residential 
assets) held for sale or no longer used or useful in the ordinary course of 
business;
 
-2-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(ii) the disposition of all or substantially all of the assets of the 
Issuer in a manner permitted pursuant to Section 5.01 hereof or any 
disposition that constitutes a Change of Control Triggering Event pursuant 
to this Indenture;

(iii) the making of any Restricted Payment that is permitted to be made, 
and is made, under Section 4.07 hereof or any Permitted Investment;

(iv) any disposition of assets or issuance or sale of Equity Interests of 
any Restricted Subsidiary in any transaction or series of related 
transactions with an aggregate fair market value of less than $50.0 
million;

(v) any disposition of property or assets or issuance of securities by a 
Restricted Subsidiary to the Issuer or the Co-Issuer, or by the Issuer, the 
Co-Issuer or a Restricted Subsidiary to a Restricted Subsidiary;

(vi) to the extent allowable under Section 1031 of the Internal Revenue 
Code of 1986, as amended, or comparable law or regulation, any exchange of 
like property (excluding any boot thereon) for use in a Similar Business;

(vii) the lease, assignment, sub-lease, license or sub-license of any real 
or personal property in the ordinary course of business;

(viii) any issuance or sale of Equity Interests in, or Indebtedness or 
other securities of, an Unrestricted Subsidiary;

(ix) foreclosures, condemnation, expropriation, forced dispositions or any 
similar action with respect to assets or the granting of Liens not 
prohibited by this Indenture;

(x) sales of accounts receivable, or participations therein, or 
Securitization Assets or related assets, or any disposition of the Equity 
Interests in a Subsidiary, all or substantially all of the assets of which 
are Securitization Assets, in each case in connection with any Qualified 
Securitization Facility or the disposition of an account receivable in 
connection with the collection or compromise thereof in the ordinary course 
of business;

(xi) any financing transaction with respect to property built or acquired 
by the Issuer or any Restricted Subsidiary after the Issue Date, including 
Sale and Lease-Back Transactions and asset securitizations permitted by 
this Indenture;

(xii) the sale, discount or other disposition of vacation ownership 
intervals or other inventory (whether developed, “just-in-time” or 
fee-for-service), accounts receivable or notes receivable in the ordinary 
course of business or the conversion of accounts receivable to notes 
receivable;

(xiii) the licensing or sub-licensing of intellectual property or other 
general intangibles in the ordinary course of business;

(xiv) any surrender or waiver of contract rights or the settlement, release 
or surrender of contract rights or other litigation claims in the ordinary 
course of business;

(xv) the unwinding of any Hedging Obligations;

(xvi) sales, transfers and other dispositions of Investments in joint 
ventures to the extent required by, or made pursuant to, customary buy/sell 
arrangements between the joint venture parties set forth in joint venture 
arrangements and similar binding arrangements;
 
-3-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(xvii) the lapse or abandonment of intellectual property rights in the 
ordinary course of business, which in the reasonable good faith 
determination of the Issuer are not material to the conduct of the business 
of the Issuer and its Restricted Subsidiaries taken as a whole;

(xviii) the issuance by a Restricted Subsidiary of Preferred Stock or 
Disqualified Stock that is permitted under Section 4.09 hereof;

(xix) the granting of a Lien that is permitted under Section 4.12 hereof;

(xx) the issuance of directors’ qualifying shares and shares issued to 
foreign nationals as required by applicable law;

(xxi) the sale, conveyance, transfer or other disposition of land or other 
real property, whether vacant, unused or improved, in each case in the 
ordinary course of business or otherwise in connection with a vacation 
ownership interval transaction;

(xxii) Permitted Intercompany Activities, the Spin-Off Transaction and 
related transactions;

(xxiii) [reserved]; and

(xxiv) transfers of property subject to Casualty Events upon receipt of the 
Net Proceeds of such Casualty Event; provided that any Cash Equivalents 
received by the Issuer or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries in respect of 
such Casualty Event shall be deemed to be Net Proceeds of an Asset Sale, 
and such Net Proceeds shall be applied in accordance with Section 4.10(b) 
hereof.

In the event that a transaction (or a portion thereof) meets the criteria 
of a permitted Asset Sale and would also be a permitted Restricted Payment 
or Permitted Investment, the Issuer, in its sole discretion, will be 
entitled to divide and classify such transaction (or a portion thereof) as 
an Asset Sale and/or one or more the types of permitted Restricted Payments 
or Permitted Investments.

“Bank Products” means any facilities or services related to cash 
management, including treasury, depository, overdraft, credit or debit 
card, purchase card, automatic clearinghouse transfer transactions, 
controlled disbursements, foreign exchange facilities, stored value cards, 
merchant services, electronic funds transfer and other cash management 
arrangements.

“Bankruptcy Law” means Title 11, U.S. Code, as amended, or any similar 
federal or state law for the relief of debtors.

“Blackstone Funds” means, individually or collectively, Blackstone Capital 
Partners V, L.P., BCP V-S L.P., Blackstone Capital Partners V-AC L.P., BCP 
V Co-Investors L.P., Blackstone Family Investment Partnership V L.P., 
Blackstone Family Investment Partnership V-SMD L.P. and Blackstone 
Participation Partnership V L.P., each a Delaware limited partnership and 
Blackstone Real Estate Partners International II (AIV) L.P., each an 
English partnership, Blackstone Real Estate Holdings International II-Q 
L.P. and Blackstone Family Real Estate Partnership International II-SMD 
L.P., each an Alberta, Canada limited partnership, Blackstone Real Estate 
Partners VI L.P., Blackstone Real Estate Holdings VI L.P., Blackstone Real 
Estate Partners VI.TE.1 L.P., Blackstone Real Estate Partners VI.TE.2 L.P., 
Blackstone Real Estate Partners (AIV) VI L.P., Blackstone Real Estate 
Partners VI.F L.P., Blackstone Family Real Estate Partnership VI-SMD L.P. 
and Blackstone HLT Principal Transaction Partners L.P., each a Delaware 
limited partnership, and any other investment fund managed by an Affiliate 
of The Blackstone Group L.P., in each case, or any of their respective 
successors.

“Board of Directors” means, with respect to any Person, (i) in the case of 
any corporation, the board of directors of such Person, (ii) in the case of 
any limited liability company, the sole or managing member or board of 
managers of such Person, (iii) in the case of any partnership, the sole or 
managing member or board of directors of the general partner of such Person 
and (iv) in any other case, the functional equivalent of the foregoing or, 
in each case, any duly authorized committee of such body.
 
-4-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
“Business Day” means each day which is not a Legal Holiday.

“Capital Stock” means:

(a) in the case of a corporation, corporate stock or shares in the capital 
of such corporation;

(b) in the case of an association or business entity, any and all shares, 
interests, participations, rights or other equivalents (however designated) 
of corporate stock;

(c) in the case of a partnership or limited liability company, partnership 
or membership interests (whether general or limited); and

(d) any other interest or participation that confers on a Person the right 
to receive a share of the profits and losses of, or distributions of assets 
of, the issuing Person.

“Capitalized Lease Obligation” means, at the time any determination thereof 
is to be made, the amount of the liability in respect of a capital lease 
that would at such time be required to be capitalized and reflected as a 
liability on a balance sheet (excluding the footnotes thereto) prepared in 
accordance with GAAP; provided that any obligations of the Issuer or its 
Restricted Subsidiaries either existing on the Issue Date or created prior 
to any recharacterization described below (i) that were not included on the 
consolidated balance sheet of the Issuer as financing or capital lease 
obligations and (ii) that are subsequently recharacterized as financing or 
capital lease obligations or indebtedness due to a change in accounting 
treatment or otherwise, shall for all purposes under this Indenture 
(including, without limitation, the calculation of Consolidated Net Income, 
the Consolidated Total Debt Ratio, the Consolidated Secured Debt Ratio, 
EBITDA and Fixed Charges) not be treated as financing or capital lease 
obligations, Capitalized Lease Obligations or Indebtedness.

“Capitalized Software Expenditures” means, for any period, the aggregate of 
all expenditures (whether paid in cash or accrued as liabilities) by a 
Person and its Restricted Subsidiaries during such period in respect of 
licensed or purchased software or internally developed software and 
software enhancements that, in conformity with GAAP, are or are required to 
be reflected as capitalized costs on the consolidated balance sheet of a 
Person and its Restricted Subsidiaries.

“Captive Insurance Subsidiary” means (i) any Subsidiary established by the 
Issuer for the primary purpose of insuring the businesses or properties 
owned or operated by the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries or (ii) any 
Subsidiary of any such insurance subsidiary established for the same 
primary purpose described in clause (i) above.

“Cash Equivalents” means:

(a) United States dollars;

(b) (i) Canadian dollars, pounds sterling, yen, euros or any national 
currency of any participating member state of the EMU; or

(ii) such local currencies held by the Issuer or any Restricted Subsidiary 
from time to time in the ordinary course of business;

(c) securities issued or directly and fully and unconditionally guaranteed 
or insured by the U.S. government or any agency or instrumentality thereof 
the securities of which are unconditionally guaranteed as a full faith and 
credit obligation of such government with maturities of 24 months or less 
from the date of acquisition;

(d) certificates of deposit, time deposits and eurodollar time deposits 
with maturities of 24 months or less from the date of acquisition, demand 
deposits, bankers’ acceptances with maturities not exceeding one year and 
overnight bank deposits, in each case with any domestic or foreign 
commercial bank having capital and surplus of not less than $250.0 million 
in the case of U.S. banks and $100.0 million (or the U.S. Dollar Equivalent 
as of the date of determination) in the case of non-U.S. banks;
 
-5-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(e) repurchase obligations for underlying securities of the types described 
in clauses (c), (d), (g) and (h) of this definition entered into with any 
financial institution or recognized securities dealer meeting the 
qualifications specified in clause (d) above;

(f) commercial paper and variable or fixed rate notes rated at least P-2 by 
Moody’s or at least A-2 by S&P (or, if at any time neither Moody’s nor S&P 
shall be rating such obligations, an equivalent rating from another Rating 
Agency) and in each case maturing within 24 months after the date of 
creation thereof;

(g) marketable short-term money market and similar funds having a rating of 
at least P-2 or A-2 from either Moody’s or S&P, respectively (or, if at any 
time neither Moody’s nor S&P shall be rating such obligations, an 
equivalent rating from another Rating Agency);

(h) readily marketable direct obligations issued by any state, commonwealth 
or territory of the United States or any political subdivision or taxing 
authority thereof having an Investment Grade Rating from either Moody’s or 
S&P (or, if at any time neither Moody’s nor S&P shall be rating such 
obligations, an equivalent rating from another Rating Agency) with 
maturities of 24 months or less from the date of acquisition;

(i) readily marketable direct obligations issued by any foreign government 
or any political subdivision or public instrumentality thereof, in each 
case having an Investment Grade Rating from either Moody’s or S&P (or, if 
at any time neither Moody’s nor S&P shall be rating such obligations, an 
equivalent rating from another Rating Agency) with maturities of 24 months 
or less from the date of acquisition;

(j) Investments with average maturities of 12 months or less from the date 
of acquisition in money market funds rated AAA- (or the equivalent thereof) 
or better by S&P or Aaa3 (or the equivalent thereof) or better by Moody’s 
(or, if at any time neither Moody’s nor S&P shall be rating such 
obligations, an equivalent rating from another Rating Agency);

(k) securities with maturities of 12 months or less from the date of 
acquisition backed by standby letters of credit issued by any financial 
institution or recognized securities dealer meeting the qualifications 
specified in clause (d) above;

(l) Indebtedness or Preferred Stock issued by Persons with a rating of “A” 
or higher from S&P or “A2” or higher from Moody’s with maturities of 24 
months or less from the date of acquisition; and

(m) investment funds investing at least 90% of their assets in securities 
of the types described in clauses (a) through (l) above.

In the case of Investments by any Foreign Subsidiary that is a Restricted 
Subsidiary or Investments made in a country outside the United States of 
America, Cash Equivalents shall also include (i) investments of the type 
and maturity described in clauses (a) through (h) and clauses (j), (k), (l) 
and (m) above of foreign obligors, which Investments or obligors (or the 
parents of such obligors) have ratings described in such clauses or 
equivalent ratings from comparable foreign rating agencies and (ii) other 
short-term investments utilized by Foreign Subsidiaries that are Restricted 
Subsidiaries in accordance with normal investment practices for cash 
management in investments analogous to the foregoing investments in clauses 
(a) through (m) and in this paragraph.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, Cash Equivalents shall include amounts 
denominated in currencies other than those set forth in clauses (a) and (b) 
above, provided that such amounts are converted into any currency listed in 
clauses (a) and (b) as promptly as practicable and in any event within ten 
Business Days following the receipt of such amounts.
 
-6-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
For the avoidance of doubt, any items identified as Cash Equivalents under 
this definition will be deemed to be Cash Equivalents for all purposed 
under this Indenture regardless of the treatment of such items under GAAP.

“Casualty Event” means any event that gives rise to the receipt by the 
Issuer or any Restricted Subsidiary of any insurance proceeds or 
condemnation awards in respect of any equipment, fixed assets or real 
property (including any improvements thereon) to replace or repair such 
equipment, fixed assets or real property.

“Change of Control” means the occurrence of any of the following after the 
Issue Date:

(a) the sale, lease, transfer, conveyance or other disposition in one or a 
series of related transactions (other than by merger, consolidation or 
amalgamation), of all or substantially all of the assets of the Issuer and 
its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, to any Person other than any Permitted 
Holder or the Issuer or any Guarantor; or

(b) the Issuer becomes aware of (by way of a report or any other filing 
pursuant to Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act, proxy, vote, written notice 
or otherwise) the acquisition by (A) any Person (other than any Permitted 
Holder) or (B) Persons (other than any Permitted Holders) that are together 
a group (within the meaning of Section 13(d)(3) or Section 14(d)(2) of the 
Exchange Act, or any successor provision), including any such group acting 
for the purpose of acquiring, holding or disposing of securities (within 
the meaning of Rule 13d-5(b)(1) under the Exchange Act), in a single 
transaction or in a related series of transactions, by way of merger, 
consolidation or other business combination or purchase of beneficial 
ownership (within the meaning of Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act, or any 
successor provision) of more than 50.0% of the total voting power of the 
Voting Stock of the Issuer directly or indirectly through any of its direct 
or indirect parent holding companies, in each case, other than in 
connection with any transaction or series of transactions in which the 
Issuer shall become the Wholly Owned Subsidiary of a Parent Company.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Spin-Off Transaction shall be deemed not 
to constitute a Change of Control.

“Change of Control Triggering Event” means the occurrence of a Change of 
Control, unless a Ratings Improvement has occurred prior to the date of the 
completion of the transaction constituting the Change of Control.

“Clearstream” means Clearstream Banking, Société Anonyme or any successor 
securities clearing agency.

“Co-Issuer” has the meaning set forth in the recitals hereto until a 
successor Person shall have become such pursuant to the applicable 
provisions of this Indenture, and thereafter “Co-Issuer” shall mean such 
successor Person.

“consolidated” when used with respect to any Person refers to such Person 
consolidated with its Restricted Subsidiaries.

“Consolidated Depreciation and Amortization Expense” means with respect to 
any Person for any period, the total amount of depreciation and 
amortization expense and capitalized fees related to any Qualified 
Securitization Facility of such Person, including the amortization of 
intangible assets, deferred financing costs, debt issuance costs, 
commissions, fees and expenses and Capitalized Software Expenditures of 
such Person and its Restricted Subsidiaries for such period on a 
consolidated basis and otherwise determined in accordance with GAAP.

“Consolidated Interest Expense” means, with respect to any Person for any 
period, without duplication, the sum of:

(a) consolidated interest expense of such Person and its Restricted 
Subsidiaries for such period, to the extent such expense was deducted (and 
not added back) in computing Consolidated Net Income (including (i) 
amortization of original issue discount resulting from the issuance of 
Indebtedness at less than par, (ii) all commissions, discounts and other 
fees and charges owed with respect to letters of credit or
 
-7-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
bankers acceptances, (iii) non-cash interest payments (but excluding any 
non-cash interest expense attributable to the movement in the mark to 
market valuation of Hedging Obligations or other derivative instruments 
pursuant to GAAP), (iv) the interest component of Capitalized Lease 
Obligations, and (v) net payments, if any made (less net payments, if any, 
received), pursuant to interest rate Hedging Obligations with respect to 
Indebtedness, and excluding (q) annual agency fees paid to the 
administrative agents and collateral agents under any Credit Facilities, 
(r) costs associated with obtaining Hedging Obligations, (s) any expense 
resulting from the discounting of any Indebtedness in connection with the 
application of recapitalization accounting or purchase accounting, (t) 
penalties and interest relating to taxes, (u) any Additional Interest and 
any “additional interest” or “liquidated damages” with respect to other 
securities for failure to timely comply with registration rights 
obligations, (v) amortization or expensing of deferred financing fees, 
amendment and consent fees, debt issuance costs, commissions, fees and 
expenses and discounted liabilities, (w) any expensing of bridge, 
commitment and other financing fees and any other fees related to the 
Spin-Off Transaction or any acquisitions after the Issue Date, (x) 
commissions, discounts, yield and other fees and charges (including any 
interest expense) related to any Qualified Securitization Facility, (y) any 
accretion of accrued interest on discounted liabilities and any prepayment 
premium or penalty) and (z) interest expense attributable to a parent 
entity resulting from push-down accounting; plus

(b) consolidated capitalized interest of such Person and its Restricted 
Subsidiaries for such period, whether paid or accrued; less

(c) interest income of such Person and its Restricted Subsidiaries for such 
period.

For purposes of this definition, interest on a Capitalized Lease Obligation 
shall be deemed to accrue at an interest rate reasonably determined by such 
Person to be the rate of interest implicit in such Capitalized Lease 
Obligation in accordance with GAAP.

“Consolidated Net Income” means, with respect to any Person for any period, 
the aggregate of the Net Income of such Person and its Restricted 
Subsidiaries for such period, on a consolidated basis, and otherwise 
determined in accordance with GAAP; provided that, without duplication:

(a) any after-tax effect of extraordinary, non-recurring or unusual gains 
or losses (less all fees and expenses relating thereto), charges or 
expenses (including relating to the Spin-Off Transaction or any multi-year 
strategic initiatives), restructuring and duplicative running costs, 
relocation costs, integration costs, facility consolidation and closing 
costs, severance costs and expenses, one-time compensation charges, costs 
relating to pre-opening, opening and conversion costs for facilities, 
losses, costs or cost inefficiencies related to facility or property 
disruptions or shutdowns, signing, retention and completion bonuses, costs 
incurred in connection with any strategic initiatives, transition costs, 
costs incurred in connection with acquisitions and non-recurring product 
and intellectual property development, other business optimization expenses 
(including costs and expenses relating to business optimization programs 
and new systems design, retention charges, system establishment costs and 
implementation costs) and operating expenses attributable to the 
implementation of cost-savings initiatives, and curtailments or 
modifications to pension and post-retirement employee benefit plans shall 
be excluded;

(b) the cumulative effect of a change in accounting principles and changes 
as a result of the adoption or modification of accounting policies during 
such period shall be excluded;

(c) any net after-tax effect of gains or losses on disposal, abandonment or 
discontinuance of disposed, abandoned or discontinued operations, as 
applicable, shall be excluded;

(d) any net after-tax effect of gains or losses (less all fees, expenses 
and charges relating thereto) attributable to asset dispositions or 
abandonments or the sale or other disposition of any Capital Stock of any 
Person other than in the ordinary course of business shall be excluded;

(e) the Net Income for such period of any Person that is not a Subsidiary, 
or is an Unrestricted Subsidiary, or that is accounted for by the equity 
method of accounting shall be excluded; provided that
 
-8-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Consolidated Net Income of such Person shall be increased by the amount of 
dividends or distributions or other payments (other than Excluded 
Contributions) that are actually paid in cash (or to the extent converted 
into cash) to such Person or a Restricted Subsidiary thereof in respect of 
such period;

(f) solely for the purpose of determining the amount available for 
Restricted Payments under clause (C)(1) of Section 4.07(a) hereof, the Net 
Income for such period of any Restricted Subsidiary (other than any 
Guarantor) shall be excluded to the extent that the declaration or payment 
of dividends or similar distributions by that Restricted Subsidiary of its 
Net Income is not at the date of determination permitted without any prior 
governmental approval (which has not been obtained) or, directly or 
indirectly, by the operation of the terms of its charter or any agreement, 
instrument, judgment, decree, order, statute, rule, or governmental 
regulation applicable to that Restricted Subsidiary or its stockholders 
(other than restrictions in the Notes or this Indenture), unless such 
restriction with respect to the payment of dividends or similar 
distributions has been legally waived, provided that Consolidated Net 
Income of such Person will be increased by the amount of dividends or other 
distributions or other payments actually paid in Cash Equivalents (or to 
the extent converted into Cash Equivalents) to such Person or a Restricted 
Subsidiary thereof in respect of such period, to the extent not already 
included therein;

(g) effects of adjustments (including the effects of such adjustments 
pushed down to such Person and its Restricted Subsidiaries) in such 
Person’s consolidated financial statements pursuant to GAAP (including in 
the inventory (including any impact of changes to inventory valuation 
policy methods, including changes in capitalization of variances), property 
and equipment, software, goodwill, intangible assets, in-process research 
and development, deferred revenue and debt line items thereof) resulting 
from the application of recapitalization accounting or purchase accounting, 
as the case may be, in relation to the Spin-Off Transaction or any 
consummated acquisition or joint venture investment or the amortization or 
write-off or write-down of any amounts thereof, net of taxes, shall be 
excluded;

(h) any after-tax effect of income (loss) from the early extinguishment or 
conversion of (i) Indebtedness, (ii) Hedging Obligations or (iii) other 
derivative instruments shall be excluded;

(i) any impairment charge or asset write-off or write-down, including 
impairment charges or asset write-offs or write-downs related to intangible 
assets, long-lived assets, investments in debt and equity securities and 
investments recorded using the equity method or as a result of a change in 
law or regulation, in each case, pursuant to GAAP, and the amortization of 
intangibles arising pursuant to GAAP shall be excluded;

(j) any equity-based or non-cash compensation charge or expense including 
any such charge or expense arising from grants of stock appreciation or 
similar rights, stock options, restricted stock, profits interests or other 
rights or equity or equity-based incentive programs (“equity incentives”), 
any one-time cash charges associated with the equity incentives or other 
long-term incentive compensation plans (including under deferred 
compensation arrangements of the Issuer or any of its direct or indirect 
parent entities or subsidiaries), rollover, acceleration, or payout of 
Equity Interests by management, other employees or business partners of the 
Issuer or any of the Issuer’s direct or indirect parent companies, shall be 
excluded;

(k) any fees, expenses or charges incurred during such period, or any 
amortization thereof for such period, in connection with any acquisition, 
recapitalization, Investment, Asset Sale, disposition, incurrence or 
repayment of Indebtedness (including such fees, expenses or charges related 
to the offering and issuance of the Notes and other securities and the 
syndication and incurrence of any Credit Facilities), issuance of Equity 
Interests of the Issuer or its direct or indirect parent entities, 
refinancing transaction or amendment or modification of any debt instrument 
(including any amendment or other modification of the Notes and other 
securities and any Credit Facilities) and including, in each case, any such 
transaction consummated on or prior to the Issue Date and any such 
transaction undertaken but not completed, and any charges or non-recurring 
merger costs incurred during such period as a result of any such 
transaction, in each case whether or not successful or consummated 
(including, for the avoidance of doubt the effects of expensing all 
transaction related expenses in accordance with Financial Accounting 
Standards Board Accounting Standards Codification Topic No. 805, Business 
Combinations), shall be excluded;
 
-9-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(l) accruals and reserves that are established or adjusted within twelve 
months after the Spin-Off Date that are so required to be established or 
adjusted as a result of the Spin-Off Transaction (or within 24 months after 
the closing of any acquisition that are so required to be established as a 
result of such acquisition) in accordance with GAAP or changes as a result 
of modifications of accounting policies shall be excluded;

(m) any expenses, charges or losses to the extent covered by insurance or 
indemnity and actually reimbursed, or, so long as such Person has made a 
determination that there exists reasonable evidence that such amount will 
in fact be reimbursed by the insurer or indemnifying party and only to the 
extent that such amount is in fact reimbursed within 365 days of the date 
of the insurable or indemnifiable event (net of any amount so added back in 
any prior period to the extent not so reimbursed within the applicable 
365-day period), shall be excluded;

(n) any noncash compensation expense resulting from the application of 
Accounting Standards Codification Topic No. 718, Compensation — Stock 
Compensation, shall be excluded;

(o) the following items shall be excluded:

(i) any net unrealized gain or loss (after any offset) resulting in such 
period from Hedging Obligations and the application of Accounting Standards 
Codification Topic No. 815, Derivatives and Hedging;

(ii) any net unrealized gain or loss (after any offset) resulting in such 
period from currency translation gains or losses including those related to 
currency remeasurements of Indebtedness (including any net loss or gain 
resulting from Hedging Obligations for currency exchange risk) and any 
other foreign currency translation gains and losses, to the extent such 
gain or losses are non-cash items;

(iii) any adjustments resulting for the application of Accounting Standards 
Codification Topic No. 460, Guarantees, or any comparable regulation;

(iv) effects of adjustments to accruals and reserves during a prior period 
relating to any change in the methodology of calculating reserves for 
returns, rebates and other chargebacks; and

(v) earn-out, non-compete and contingent consideration obligations 
(including to the extent accounted for as bonuses or otherwise) and 
adjustments thereof and purchase price adjustments;

(p) reserves established for the benefit of landlords of fee-for-service 
and just-in-time vacation ownership intervals for the acquisition of 
capitalized assets and equipment at such properties shall be excluded; and

(q) if such Person is treated as a disregarded entity or partnership for 
U.S. federal, state and/or local income tax purposes for such period or any 
portion thereof, the amount of distributions actually made to any direct or 
indirect parent company of such Person in respect of such period in 
accordance with clause (xv)(B) under Section 4.07(b) shall be included in 
calculating Consolidated Net Income as though such amounts had been paid as 
taxes directly by such Person for such period.

In addition, to the extent not already included in the Consolidated Net 
Income of such Person and its Restricted Subsidiaries, notwithstanding 
anything to the contrary in the foregoing, Consolidated Net Income shall 
include the amount of proceeds received from business interruption 
insurance and reimbursements of any expenses and charges that are covered 
by indemnification or other reimbursement provisions in connection with any 
acquisition, Investment or any sale, conveyance, transfer or other 
disposition of assets permitted under this Indenture.
 
-10-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Notwithstanding the foregoing, for the purpose of Section 4.07 hereof only 
(other than clause (C)(4) of Section 4.07(a) hereof), there shall be 
excluded from Consolidated Net Income any income arising from any sale or 
other disposition of Restricted Investments made by the Issuer and its 
Restricted Subsidiaries, any repurchases and redemptions of Restricted 
Investments from the Issuer and its Restricted Subsidiaries, any repayments 
of loans and advances which constitute Restricted Investments by the Issuer 
or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries, any sale of the stock of an 
Unrestricted Subsidiary or any distribution or dividend from an 
Unrestricted Subsidiary, in each case only to the extent such amounts 
increase the amount of Restricted Payments permitted under such covenant 
pursuant to clause (C)(4) of Section 4.07(a) hereof.

“Consolidated Secured Debt Ratio” means, as of any date of determination, 
the ratio of (a) Consolidated Total Indebtedness of the Issuer and its 
Restricted Subsidiaries that is secured by Liens on the property of the 
Issuer and its Restricted Subsidiaries as of the end of the most recent 
fiscal quarter for which internal financial statements are available 
immediately preceding the date on which such event for which such 
calculation is being made shall occur minus Cash Equivalents included on 
the consolidated balance sheet of the Issuer as of the end of such most 
recent fiscal quarter to (b) EBITDA of the Issuer and its Restricted 
Subsidiaries for the most recently ended four full fiscal quarters for 
which internal financial statements are available immediately preceding the 
date on which such event for which such calculation is being made shall 
occur, in each case with such pro forma adjustments to Consolidated Total 
Indebtedness, Cash Equivalents and EBITDA as are appropriate and consistent 
with the pro forma adjustment provisions set forth in the definition of 
Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio.

“Consolidated Total Debt Ratio” means, as of any date of determination, the 
ratio of (a) Consolidated Total Indebtedness of the Issuer and its 
Restricted Subsidiaries as of the end of the most recent fiscal quarter for 
which internal financial statements are available immediately preceding the 
date on which such event for which such calculation is being made shall 
occur minus Cash Equivalents included on the consolidated balance sheet of 
the Issuer as of the end of such most recent fiscal quarter to (b) EBITDA 
of the Issuer and its Restricted Subsidiaries for the most recently ended 
four full fiscal quarters for which internal financial statements are 
available immediately preceding the date on which such event for which such 
calculation is being made shall occur, in each case with such pro forma 
adjustments to Consolidated Total Indebtedness, Cash Equivalents and EBITDA 
as are appropriate and consistent with the pro forma adjustment provisions 
set forth in the definition of Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio.

“Consolidated Total Indebtedness” means, as at any date of determination, 
an amount equal to the sum of (a) the aggregate amount of all outstanding 
Indebtedness of the Issuer and its Restricted Subsidiaries on a 
consolidated basis consisting of Indebtedness for borrowed money, 
Obligations in respect of Capitalized Lease Obligations and debt 
obligations evidenced by promissory notes and similar instruments, as 
determined in accordance with GAAP (excluding for the avoidance of doubt 
all undrawn amounts under revolving credit facilities and letters of 
credit, and all obligations relating to Qualified Securitization 
Facilities) and (b) the aggregate amount of all outstanding Disqualified 
Stock of the Issuer and all Preferred Stock of its Restricted Subsidiaries 
on a consolidated basis, with the amount of such Disqualified Stock and 
Preferred Stock equal to the greater of their respective voluntary or 
involuntary liquidation preferences and maximum fixed repurchase prices, in 
each case determined on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP (but 
excluding the effects of any discounting of Indebtedness resulting from the 
application of repurchase or purchase accounting in connection with any 
acquisition); provided that Consolidated Total Indebtedness shall not 
include Indebtedness in respect of (A) any letter of credit, except to the 
extent of unreimbursed amounts under standby letters of credit; provided 
that any unreimbursed amounts under commercial letters of credit shall not 
be counted as Consolidated Total Indebtedness until three Business Days 
after such amount is drawn and (B) Hedging Obligations existing on the 
Issue Date or otherwise permitted by Section 4.09(b)(x) hereof. For 
purposes hereof, the “maximum fixed repurchase price” of any Disqualified 
Stock or Preferred Stock that does not have a fixed repurchase price shall 
be calculated in accordance with the terms of such Disqualified Stock or 
Preferred Stock as if such Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock were 
purchased on any date on which Consolidated Total Indebtedness shall be 
required to be determined pursuant to this Indenture, and if such price is 
based upon, or measured by, the fair market value of such Disqualified 
Stock or Preferred Stock, such fair market value shall be determined 
reasonably and in good faith by the Issuer. The U.S. Dollar Equivalent 
principal amount of any Indebtedness denominated in a foreign currency will 
reflect the currency translation effects, determined in accordance with 
GAAP, of Hedging Obligations for currency exchange risks with respect to 
the applicable currency in effect on the date of determination of the U.S. 
Dollar Equivalent principal amount of such Indebtedness.
 
-11-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
“Contingent Obligations” means, with respect to any Person, any obligation 
of such Person guaranteeing any leases, dividends or other obligations that 
do not constitute Indebtedness (“primary obligations”) of any other Person 
(the “primary obligor”) in any manner, whether directly or indirectly, 
including, without limitation, any obligation of such Person, whether or 
not contingent:

(a) to purchase any such primary obligation or any property constituting 
direct or indirect security therefor;

(b) to advance or supply funds:

(i) for the purchase or payment of any such primary obligation; or

(ii) to maintain working capital or equity capital of the primary obligor 
or otherwise to maintain the net worth or solvency of the primary obligor; 
or

(c) to purchase property, securities or services primarily for the purpose 
of assuring the owner of any such primary obligation of the ability of the 
primary obligor to make payment of such primary obligation against loss in 
respect thereof.

“Controlled Investment Affiliate” means, as to any Person, any other 
Person, other than any Investor, which directly or indirectly is in control 
of, is controlled by, or is under common control with such Person and is 
organized by such Person (or any Person controlling such Person) primarily 
for making direct or indirect equity or debt investments in the Issuer 
and/or other companies.

“Corporate Trust Office” means the office of the Trustee at which any time 
its corporate trust business related to this Indenture shall be 
administered, which office at the date hereof is Rodney Square North, 1100 
North Market Street, Wilmington, Delaware 19890, Attention: Hilton Grand 
Vacations Borrower LLC Administrator, or such other address as the Trustee 
may designate from time to time by notice to the Holders and the Issuers, 
or the principal corporate trust office of any successor Trustee (or such 
other address as such successor Trustee may designate from time to time by 
notice to the Holders and the Issuers).

“Credit Agreement” means that certain Credit Agreement, to be dated on or 
about the Spin-Off Date, by and among the Issuer, as borrower, HGV 
Intermediate Parent, Deutsche Bank AG New York Branch, as administrative 
agent, and the lenders and other parties thereto.

“Credit Facilities” means, with respect to the Issuer or any of its 
Restricted Subsidiaries, one or more debt facilities, including the Senior 
Secured Credit Facilities, or other financing arrangements (including, 
without limitation, commercial paper facilities or indentures) providing 
for revolving credit loans, term loans, letters of credit or other 
long-term indebtedness, including any notes, mortgages, guarantees, 
collateral documents, instruments and agreements executed in connection 
therewith, and any amendments, supplements, modifications, extensions, 
renewals, restatements or refundings thereof, in whole or in part, and any 
indentures or credit facilities or commercial paper facilities that 
replace, refund, supplement or refinance any part of the loans, notes, 
other credit facilities or commitments thereunder, including any such 
replacement, refunding, supplemental or refinancing facility, arrangement 
or indenture that increases the amount permitted to be borrowed or issued 
thereunder or alters the maturity thereof (provided that such increase in 
borrowings or issuances is permitted under Section 4.09 hereof) or adds 
Restricted Subsidiaries as additional borrowers or guarantors thereunder 
and whether by the same or any other agent, trustee, lender or group of 
lenders or other holders.

“Custodian” means the Trustee, as custodian with respect to the Global 
Notes, or any successor entity thereto.

“Default” means any event that is, or with the passage of time or the 
giving of notice or both would be, an Event of Default.
 
-12-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
“Definitive Note” means (a) a certificated Note representing the PHRI Notes 
registered in the name of PHRI and issued in accordance with Section 2.01 
hereof, substantially in the form of Exhibit A-1 hereto, and (b) a 
certificated Note registered in the name of the Holder thereof and issued 
in accordance with Section 2.06(c) hereof, substantially in the form of 
Exhibit A-2 hereto, except that such Note shall not bear the Global Note 
Legend and shall not have the “Schedule of Exchanges of Interests in the 
Global Note” attached thereto.

“Depositary” means, with respect to the Notes issuable or issued in whole 
or in part in global form, any Person specified in Section 2.03 hereof as 
the Depositary with respect to the Notes, and any and all successors 
thereto appointed as Depositary hereunder and having become such pursuant 
to the applicable provision of this Indenture.

“Designated Non-cash Consideration” means the fair market value of non-cash 
consideration received by the Issuer or a Restricted Subsidiary in 
connection with an Asset Sale that is so designated as Designated Non-cash 
Consideration pursuant to an Officer’s Certificate, setting forth the basis 
of such valuation, executed by the principal financial officer of the 
Issuer, less the amount of Cash Equivalents received in connection with a 
subsequent sale, redemption or repurchase of or collection or payment on 
such Designated Non-cash Consideration.

“Designated Preferred Stock” means Preferred Stock of the Issuer or any 
direct or indirect parent company thereof (in each case other than 
Disqualified Stock) that is issued for cash (other than to a Restricted 
Subsidiary or an employee stock ownership plan or trust established by the 
Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries) and is so designated as Designated 
Preferred Stock, pursuant to an Officer’s Certificate executed by the 
principal financial officer of the Issuer or the applicable parent company 
thereof, as the case may be, on the issuance date thereof, the cash 
proceeds of which are excluded from the calculation set forth in clause (C) 
of Section 4.07(a) hereof.

“Disqualified Stock” means, with respect to any Person, any Capital Stock 
of such Person which, by its terms, or by the terms of any security into 
which it is convertible or for which it is putable or exchangeable, or upon 
the happening of any event, matures or is mandatorily redeemable (other 
than solely as a result of a change of control or asset sale) pursuant to a 
sinking fund obligation or otherwise, or is redeemable at the option of the 
holder thereof (other than solely as a result of a change of control or 
asset sale), in whole or in part, in each case prior to the date 91 days 
after the earlier of the maturity date of the Notes or the date the Notes 
are no longer outstanding; provided that if such Capital Stock is issued to 
any plan for the benefit of employees of the Issuer or its Subsidiaries or 
by any such plan to such employees, such Capital Stock shall not constitute 
Disqualified Stock solely because it may be required to be repurchased by 
the Issuer or its Subsidiaries in order to satisfy applicable statutory or 
regulatory obligations; provided, further, that any Capital Stock held by 
any future, current or former employee, director, officer, manager or 
consultant (or their respective Controlled Investment Affiliates or 
Immediate Family Members) of the Issuer, any of its Subsidiaries, any of 
its direct or indirect parent companies or any other entity in which the 
Issuer or a Restricted Subsidiary has an Investment and is designated in 
good faith as an “affiliate” by the Board of Directors of the Issuer (or 
the compensation committee thereof), in each case pursuant to any stock 
subscription or shareholders’ agreement, management equity plan or stock 
option plan or any other management or employee benefit plan or agreement 
shall not constitute Disqualified Stock solely because it may be required 
to be repurchased by the Issuer or its Subsidiaries or in order to satisfy 
applicable statutory or regulatory obligations.

“Distribution Agreement” means the Distribution Agreement, to be dated on 
or prior to the Spin-Off Date, containing substantially the terms described 
in the Offering Memorandum, by and among Hilton Parent, PHRI and HGV 
Parent, as amended, supplemented, waived or otherwise modified from time to 
time in a manner not materially adverse to the Holders of the Notes when 
taken as a whole, as compared to the Distribution Agreement as in effect 
immediately prior to such amendment, supplement, waiver or modification.

“EBITDA” means, with respect to any Person for any period, the Consolidated 
Net Income of such Person for such period:

(a) increased (without duplication) by the following, in each case (other 
than with respect to clauses (viii) and (xi)) to the extent deducted (and 
not added back) in determining Consolidated Net Income for such period:

(i) (A) provision for taxes based on income or profits or capital, 
including, without limitation, federal, state, franchise, and similar taxes 
(such as the Delaware franchise tax, the
 
-13-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Pennsylvania capital tax, Texas margin tax and provincial capital taxes 
paid in Canada) and foreign withholding taxes (including any future taxes 
or other levies which replace or are intended to be in lieu of such taxes 
and any penalties and interest related to such taxes or arising from tax 
examinations), (B) if such Person is treated as a disregarded entity or 
partnership for U.S. federal, state and/or local income tax purposes for 
such period or any portion thereof, the amount of distributions actually 
made to any direct or indirect parent company of such Person in respect of 
such period in accordance with clause (xv)(B) under Section 4.07(b) and (C) 
the net tax expense associated with any adjustments made pursuant to 
clauses (a) through (q) of the definition of “Consolidated Net Income”; 
plus

(ii) Fixed Charges of such Person for such period (including (x) net losses 
on Hedging Obligations or other derivative instruments entered into for the 
purpose of hedging interest rate risk, (y) bank fees and other financing 
fees and (z) costs of surety bonds in connection with financing activities, 
plus amounts excluded from Consolidated Interest Expense as set forth in 
clauses (a)(q) through (z) in the definition thereof); plus

(iii) Consolidated Depreciation and Amortization Expense of such Person for 
such period; plus

(iv) the amount of any restructuring charges or reserves, equity-based or 
non-cash compensation charges or expenses including any such charges or 
expenses arising from grants of stock appreciation or similar rights, stock 
options, restricted stock or other rights, retention charges (including 
charges or expenses in respect of incentive plans), start-up or initial 
costs for any project or new production line, division or new line of 
business, integration costs or reserves including, without limitation, 
costs or reserves associated with improvements to IT and accounting 
functions, integration and facilities opening costs or any one-time costs 
incurred in connection with acquisitions and Investments and costs related 
to the closure and/or consolidation of facilities; plus

(v) any other non-cash charges, including any write-offs or write-downs 
reducing Consolidated Net Income for such period (provided that if any such 
non-cash charges represent an accrual or reserve for potential cash items 
in any future period, (A) the Issuer may elect not to add back such 
non-cash charge in the current period and (B) to the extent the Issuer 
elects to add back such non-cash charge, the cash payment in respect 
thereof in such future period shall be subtracted from EBITDA to such 
extent, and excluding amortization of a prepaid cash item that was paid in 
a prior period); plus

(vi) the amount of any non-controlling interest or minority interest 
expense consisting of Subsidiary income attributable to minority equity 
interests of third parties in any non-Wholly Owned Subsidiary; plus

(vii) the amount of management, monitoring, consulting, advisory fees and 
other fees (including termination fees) and indemnities and expenses paid 
or accrued in such period under the Support and Services Agreement (and 
related agreements or arrangements) or otherwise to the Investors to the 
extent otherwise permitted under Section 4.11 hereof; plus

(viii) the amount of “run-rate” cost savings, operating expense reductions 
and synergies projected by the Issuer in good faith to result from actions 
taken, committed to be taken or expected in good faith to be taken no later 
than 24 months after the end of such period (calculated on a pro forma 
basis as though such cost savings, operating expense reductions and 
synergies had been realized on the first day of such period for which 
EBITDA is being determined and as if such cost savings, operating expense 
reductions and synergies were realized during the entirety of such period), 
net of the amount of actual benefits realized during such period from such 
actions; provided that such cost savings and synergies are reasonably 
identifiable and factually supportable (it is understood and agreed that “
run-rate” means the full recurring benefit for a period that is associated 
with any action taken, committed to be taken or expected to be taken, net 
of the amount of actual benefits realized during such period from such 
actions); plus
 
-14-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(ix) the amount of loss or discount on sale of receivables, Securitization 
Assets and related assets to any Securitization Subsidiary in connection 
with a Qualified Securitization Facility; plus

(x) any costs or expense incurred by the Issuer or any direct or indirect 
or a parent entity of the Issuer or a Restricted Subsidiary pursuant to any 
management equity plan or stock option plan or any other management or 
employee benefit plan or agreement or any stock subscription or shareholder 
agreement, to the extent that such cost or expenses are funded with cash 
proceeds contributed to the capital of the Issuer or net cash proceeds of 
an issuance of Equity Interest of the Issuer (other than Disqualified 
Stock) solely to the extent that such net cash proceeds are excluded from 
the calculation set forth in clause (C) of Section 4.07(a) hereof; plus

(xi) cash receipts (or any netting arrangements resulting in reduced cash 
expenditures) not representing EBITDA or Consolidated Net Income in any 
period to the extent non-cash gains relating to such income were deducted 
in the calculation of EBITDA pursuant to clause (b) below for any previous 
period and not added back; plus

(xii) any net loss from disposed, abandoned or discontinued operations; 
plus

(xiii) business optimization expenses and other restructuring charges, 
reserves or expenses (which, for the avoidance of doubt, shall include, 
without limitation, the effect of inventory optimization programs, facility 
closures, facility consolidations, retention, severance, systems 
establishment costs, contract termination costs, future lease commitments 
and excess pension charges) and Pre-Opening Expenses; plus

(xiv) the amount of any loss attributable to a New Project, until the date 
that is 12 months after the date of completing the construction, 
acquisition, assembling or creation of such New Project, as the case may 
be; provided that (a) such losses are reasonably identifiable and factually 
supportable and certified by a responsible financial or accounting officer 
of the Issuer and (b) losses attributable to such New Project after 12 
months from the date of completing such construction, acquisition, 
assembling or creation, as the case may be, shall not be included in this 
clause (xiv);

(b) decreased (without duplication) by the following, in each case to the 
extent included in determining Consolidated Net Income for such period:

(i) non-cash gains increasing Consolidated Net Income of such Person for 
such period, excluding any non-cash gains to the extent they represent the 
reversal of an accrual or reserve for a potential cash item that reduced 
EBITDA in any prior period and any non-cash gains with respect to cash 
actually received in a prior period so long as such cash did not increase 
EBITDA in such prior period; plus

(ii) any net income from disposed, abandoned or discontinued operations.

“Employee Matters Agreement” means the Employee Matters Agreement, to be 
dated on or prior to the Spin-Off Date, by and among Hilton Parent, PHRI 
and HGV Parent, containing substantially the terms described in the 
Offering Memorandum, as amended, supplemented, waived or otherwise modified 
from time to time in a manner not materially adverse to the Holders of the 
Notes when taken as a whole, as compared to the Employee Matters Agreement 
as in effect immediately prior to such amendment, supplement, waiver or 
modification.

“EMU” means economic and monetary union as contemplated in the Treaty on 
European Union.
 
-15-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
“Equity Interests” means Capital Stock and all warrants, options or other 
rights to acquire Capital Stock, but excluding any debt security that is 
convertible into, or exchangeable for, Capital Stock.

“Equity Offering” means any public or private sale or issuance of common 
stock or Preferred Stock (excluding Disqualified Stock) of the Issuer or 
any of its direct or indirect parent companies, other than:

(a) public offerings with respect to the Issuer’s or any direct or indirect 
parent company’s common stock registered on Form S-4 or Form S-8;

(b) issuances to any Subsidiary of the Issuer; and

(c) any such public or private sale or issuance that constitutes an 
Excluded Contribution.

“euro” means the single currency of participating member states of the EMU.

“Euroclear” means Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V., as operator of the Euroclear 
system, or any successor securities clearing agency.

“Exchange Act” means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and 
the rules and regulations of the SEC promulgated thereunder.

“Exchange Notes” means any Notes issued in an Exchange Offer pursuant to 
Section 2.06(f) hereof.

“Exchange Offer” has the meaning assigned to such term in the Registration 
Rights Agreement.

“Exchange Offer Registration Statement” has the meaning assigned to such 
term in the Registration Rights Agreement.

“Excluded Contribution” means net cash proceeds, marketable securities or 
Qualified Proceeds received by the Issuer since the Issue Date from:

(a) contributions to its common equity capital;

(b) dividends, distributions, fees and other payments from Unrestricted 
Subsidiaries and any joint ventures that are not Restricted Subsidiaries; 
and

(c) the sale (other than to a Subsidiary of the Issuer or to any management 
equity plan or stock option plan or any other management or employee 
benefit plan or agreement of the Issuer) of Capital Stock (other than 
Disqualified Stock and Designated Preferred Stock) of the Issuer,

in each case designated as Excluded Contributions pursuant to an Officer’s 
Certificate executed by the principal financial officer of the Issuer, 
which are (or were) excluded from the calculation set forth in clause (C) 
of Section 4.07(a) hereof.

“fair market value” means, with respect to any asset or liability, the fair 
market value of such asset or liability as determined by the Issuer in good 
faith.

“Financing Transactions” means the issuance of the PHRI Notes and the 
guarantees thereof, the offer and sale of the Marketed Notes pursuant to 
the offering contemplated by the Offering Memorandum, the execution of the 
Senior Secured Credit Facility, additional borrowings under the Timeshare 
Facility and the payment of any fees or expenses incurred or paid in 
connection therewith.

“Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio” means, with respect to any Person for any 
period, the ratio of EBITDA of such Person for such period to the Fixed 
Charges of such Person for such period. In the event that the Issuer or any 
Restricted Subsidiary incurs, assumes, guarantees, redeems, repays, retires 
or extinguishes any Indebtedness
 
-16-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(other than Indebtedness incurred or repaid under any revolving credit 
facility unless such Indebtedness has been permanently repaid and has not 
been replaced) or issues or redeems Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock 
subsequent to the commencement of the period for which the Fixed Charge 
Coverage Ratio is being calculated but prior to or simultaneously with the 
event for which the calculation of the Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio is made 
(the “Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio Calculation Date”), then the Fixed Charge 
Coverage Ratio shall be calculated giving pro forma effect to such 
incurrence, assumption, guarantee, redemption, repayment, retirement or 
extinguishment of Indebtedness, or such issuance or redemption of 
Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock, as if the same had occurred at the 
beginning of the applicable four-quarter period; provided, however, that 
the pro forma calculation of Fixed Charges for purposes of Section 4.09(a) 
(and for the purposes of other provisions of this Indenture that refer to 
Section 4.09(a)) shall not give effect to any Indebtedness being incurred 
on such date (or on such other subsequent date which would otherwise 
require pro forma effect to be given to such incurrence) pursuant to 
Section 4.09(b).

For purposes of making the computation referred to above, Investments, 
acquisitions, dispositions, mergers, amalgamations, consolidations and 
discontinued operations (as determined in accordance with GAAP) that have 
been made by the Issuer or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries during the 
four-quarter reference period or subsequent to such reference period and on 
or prior to or simultaneously with the Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio 
Calculation Date shall be calculated on a pro forma basis assuming that all 
such Investments, acquisitions, dispositions, mergers, amalgamations, 
consolidations and discontinued operations (and the change in any 
associated fixed charge obligations and the change in EBITDA resulting 
therefrom) had occurred on the first day of the four-quarter reference 
period. If since the beginning of such period any Person that subsequently 
became a Restricted Subsidiary or was merged with or into the Issuer or any 
of its Restricted Subsidiaries since the beginning of such period shall 
have made any Investment, acquisition, disposition, merger, amalgamation, 
consolidation or discontinued operation that would have required adjustment 
pursuant to this definition, then the Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio shall be 
calculated giving pro forma effect thereto for such period as if such 
Investment, acquisition, disposition, merger, amalgamation, consolidation 
or discontinued operation had occurred at the beginning of the applicable 
four-quarter period.

For purposes of this definition, whenever pro forma effect is to be given 
to an Investment, acquisition, disposition, merger, amalgamation, 
consolidation or discontinued operation (including the Spin-Off 
Transaction), the pro forma calculations shall be made in good faith by a 
responsible financial or accounting officer of the Issuer (and may include, 
for the avoidance of doubt, cost savings, synergies and operating expense 
reductions resulting from such Investment, acquisition, merger, 
amalgamation or consolidation (including the Spin-Off Transaction) which is 
being given pro forma effect that have been or are expected to be realized 
based on actions taken, committed to be taken or expected in good faith to 
be taken within 18 months). If any Indebtedness bears a floating rate of 
interest and is being given pro forma effect, the interest on such 
Indebtedness shall be calculated as if the rate in effect on the Fixed 
Charge Coverage Ratio Calculation Date had been the applicable rate for the 
entire period (taking into account any Hedging Obligations applicable to 
such Indebtedness). Interest on a Capitalized Lease Obligation shall be 
deemed to accrue at an interest rate reasonably determined by a responsible 
financial or accounting officer of the Issuer to be the rate of interest 
implicit in such Capitalized Lease Obligation in accordance with GAAP. For 
purposes of making the computation referred to above, interest on any 
Indebtedness under a revolving credit facility computed on a pro forma 
basis shall be computed based upon the average daily balance of such 
Indebtedness during the applicable period except as set forth in the first 
paragraph of this definition. Interest on Indebtedness that may optionally 
be determined at an interest rate based upon a factor of a prime or similar 
rate, a eurocurrency interbank offered rate, or other rate, shall be deemed 
to have been based upon the rate actually chosen, or, if none, then based 
upon such optional rate chosen as the Issuer may designate.

“Fixed Charges” means, with respect to any Person for any period, the sum 
of, without duplication:

(a) Consolidated Interest Expense of such Person for such period;

(b) all cash dividends or other distributions paid (excluding items 
eliminated in consolidation) on any series of Preferred Stock during such 
period; and

(c) all cash dividends or other distributions paid (excluding items 
eliminated in consolidation) on any series of Disqualified Stock during 
such period.
 
-17-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
“Foreign Subsidiary” means, with respect to any Person, (1) (A) any 
Restricted Subsidiary of such Person that is not organized or existing 
under the laws of the United States, any state thereof or the District of 
Columbia and (B) any Restricted Subsidiary of such Foreign Subsidiary, and 
(2) any FSHCO Subsidiary of such Person.

“FSHCO Subsidiary” means, with respect to any Person, any Restricted 
Subsidiary of such Person substantially all of whose assets consist, 
directly or indirectly, of Equity Interests and/or Indebtedness of one or 
more Foreign Subsidiaries, and any other assets incidental thereto.

“GAAP” means (1) generally accepted accounting principles in the United 
States of America which are in effect on the Issue Date or (2) if elected 
by the Issuer by written notice to the Trustee in connection with the 
delivery of financial statements and information, the accounting standards 
and interpretations (“IFRS”) adopted by the International Accounting 
Standard Board, as in effect on the first date of the period for which the 
Issuer is making such election; provided that (a) any such election once 
made shall be irrevocable, (b) all financial statements and reports 
required to be provided after such election pursuant to this Indenture 
shall be prepared on the basis of IFRS, (c) from and after such election, 
all ratios, computations and other determinations based on GAAP contained 
in this Indenture shall be computed in conformity with IFRS, (d) in 
connection with the delivery of financial statements (x) for any of its 
first three financial quarters of any financial year, it shall restate its 
consolidated interim financial statements for such interim financial period 
and the comparable period in the prior year to the extent previously 
prepared in accordance with GAAP as in effect on the Issue Date and (y) for 
delivery of audited annual financial information, it shall provide 
consolidated historical financial statements prepared in accordance with 
IFRS for the prior most recent fiscal year to the extent previously 
prepared in accordance with GAAP as in effect on the Issue Date.

“Global Note Legend” means the legend set forth in Section 2.06(g)(ii) 
hereof, which is required to be placed on all Global Notes issued under 
this Indenture.

“Global Notes” means, individually and collectively, each of the Restricted 
Global Notes and the Unrestricted Global Notes, substantially in the form 
of Exhibit A-2 hereto, issued in accordance with Section 2.01, 2.06(b), 
2.06(d) or 2.06(f) hereof.

“guarantee” means a guarantee (other than by endorsement of negotiable 
instruments for collection in the ordinary course of business), direct or 
indirect, in any manner (including letters of credit and reimbursement 
agreements in respect thereof), of all or any part of any Indebtedness or 
other obligations.

“Guarantee” means the guarantee by any Guarantor of the Issuers’ 
Obligations under this Indenture and the Notes.

“Guarantor” means (i) HGV Parent, (ii) HGV Intermediate Parent and (iii) 
each Subsidiary of the Issuer, if any, that Guarantees the Notes in 
accordance with the terms of this Indenture. On the Original Issue Date, 
each Restricted Subsidiary that is expected to guarantee any Indebtedness 
of the Issuer under the Senior Secured Credit Facilities will be a 
Guarantor.

“Hedging Obligations” means, with respect to any Person, the obligations of 
such Person under any interest rate swap agreement, interest rate cap 
agreement, interest rate collar agreement, commodity swap agreement, 
commodity cap agreement, commodity collar agreement, foreign exchange 
contract, currency swap agreement or similar agreement providing for the 
transfer, modification or mitigation of interest rate, currency or 
commodity risks either generally or under specific contingencies.

“HGV Intermediate Parent” means Hilton Grand Vacations Parent LLC, a 
Delaware limited liability company, and not any of its Subsidiaries or 
Affiliates.

“HGV Parent” means Hilton Grand Vacations Inc., a Delaware corporation, and 
not any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates.

“Hilton Parent” means Hilton Worldwide Holdings Inc., a Delaware 
corporation.
 
-18-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
“Holder” means the Person in whose name a Note is registered on the 
Registrar’s books.

“Immediate Family Members” means with respect to any individual, such 
individual’s child, stepchild, grandchild or more remote descendant, 
parent, stepparent, grandparent, spouse, former spouse, qualified domestic 
partner, sibling, mother-in-law, father-in-law, son-in-law and 
daughter-in-law (including adoptive relationships) and any trust, 
partnership or other bona fide estate-planning vehicle the only 
beneficiaries of which are any of the foregoing individuals or any private 
foundation or fund that is controlled by any of the foregoing individuals 
or any donor-advised fund of which any such individual is the donor.

“Indebtedness” means, with respect to any Person, without duplication:

(a) any indebtedness (including principal and premium) of such Person, 
whether or not contingent:

(i) in respect of borrowed money;

(ii) evidenced by bonds, notes, debentures or similar instruments or 
letters of credit or bankers’ acceptances (or, without duplication, 
reimbursement agreements in respect thereof);

(iii) representing the balance deferred and unpaid of the purchase price of 
any property (including Capitalized Lease Obligations), except (A) any such 
balance that constitutes an obligation in respect of a commercial letter of 
credit, a trade payable or similar obligation to a trade or similar 
business creditor, in each case accrued in the ordinary course of business 
and (B) any earn-out obligations until such obligation becomes a liability 
on the balance sheet of such Person in accordance with GAAP and is not paid 
after becoming due and payable; or

(iv) representing the net obligations under any Hedging Obligations,

if and to the extent that any of the foregoing Indebtedness (other than 
letters of credit and Hedging Obligations) would appear as a liability upon 
a balance sheet (excluding the footnotes thereto) of such Person prepared 
in accordance with GAAP; provided that Indebtedness of any direct or 
indirect parent of the Issuer appearing upon the balance sheet of the 
Issuer solely by reason of push-down accounting under GAAP shall be 
excluded;

(b) to the extent not otherwise included, any obligation by such Person to 
be liable for, or to pay, as obligor, guarantor or otherwise, the 
obligations of the type referred to in clause (a) of a third Person 
(whether or not such items would appear upon the balance sheet of such 
obligor or guarantor), other than by endorsement of negotiable instruments 
for collection in the ordinary course of business; and

(c) to the extent not otherwise included, the obligations of the type 
referred to in clause (a) of a third Person secured by a Lien on any asset 
owned by such first Person, whether or not such Indebtedness is assumed by 
such first Person; provided, that the amount of any such Indebtedness will 
be the lesser of (i) the fair market value of such asset at such date of 
determination and (ii) the amount of such Indebtedness of such third 
Person;

provided that notwithstanding the foregoing, Indebtedness shall be deemed 
not to include (a) Contingent Obligations incurred in the ordinary course 
of business, or (b) obligations under or in respect of Qualified 
Securitization Facilities, operating leases or Sale and Lease-Back 
Transactions (except any resulting Capitalized Lease Obligations); 
provided, further, that Indebtedness shall be calculated without giving 
effect to the effects of Financial Accounting Standards Board Accounting 
Standards Codification Topic No. 815 and related interpretations to the 
extent such effects would otherwise increase or decrease an amount of 
Indebtedness for any purpose under this Indenture as a result of accounting 
for any embedded derivatives created by the terms of such Indebtedness.

“Indenture” means this Indenture, as amended, supplemented or otherwise 
modified from time to time.
 
-19-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
“Independent Financial Advisor” means an accounting, appraisal, investment 
banking firm or consultant to Persons engaged in Similar Businesses of 
nationally recognized standing that is, in the good faith judgment of the 
Issuer, qualified to perform the task for which it has been engaged.

“Indirect Participant” means a Person who holds a beneficial interest in a 
Global Note through a Participant.

“Initial Interest Payment Date” means the Reset Date.

“Initial Notes” means (a) on and after the Original Issue Date and prior to 
the Reset Date, the PHRI Notes and (b) on and after the Reset Date, any 
Marketed Notes issued in exchange for the PHRI Notes.

“Initial Record Date” means the day immediately preceding the Reset Date.

“Initial Purchasers” means the initial purchasers of the Notes on the Reset 
Date pursuant to the Purchase Agreement.

“Interest Payment Date” means June 1 and December 1 of each year to stated 
maturity and, in the case of the PHRI Notes, the Initial Interest Payment 
Date.

“Investment Company Act” means the Investment Company Act of 1940, as 
amended.

“Investment Grade Rating” means a rating equal to or higher than Baa3 (or 
the equivalent) by Moody’s and BBB- (or the equivalent) by S&P, or if the 
applicable securities are not then rated by Moody’s or S&P, an equivalent 
rating by any other Rating Agency.

“Investment Grade Securities” means:

(a) securities issued or directly and fully guaranteed or insured by the 
United States government or any agency or instrumentality thereof (other 
than Cash Equivalents);

(b) debt securities or debt instruments with an Investment Grade Rating, 
but excluding any debt securities or instruments constituting loans or 
advances among the Issuer and its Subsidiaries;

(c) investments in any fund that invests exclusively in investments of the 
type described in clauses (a) and (b) which fund may also hold immaterial 
amounts of cash pending investment or distribution; and

(d) corresponding instruments in countries other than the United States 
customarily utilized for high quality investments.

“Investments” means, with respect to any Person, all investments by such 
Person in other Persons (including Affiliates) in the form of loans 
(including guarantees), advances or capital contributions (excluding 
accounts receivable, trade credit, advances to customers, commission, 
travel and similar advances to employees, directors, officers, managers and 
consultants, in each case made in the ordinary course of business), 
purchases or other acquisitions for consideration of Indebtedness, Equity 
Interests or other securities issued by any other Person and investments 
that are required by GAAP to be classified on the balance sheet (excluding 
the footnotes) of the Issuer in the same manner as the other investments 
included in this definition to the extent such transactions involve the 
transfer of cash or other property. For purposes of the definition of 
“Unrestricted Subsidiary” and Section 4.07 hereof:

(a) “Investments” shall include the portion (proportionate to the Issuer’s 
equity interest in such Subsidiary) of the fair market value of the net 
assets of a Subsidiary of the Issuer at the time that such Subsidiary is 
designated an Unrestricted Subsidiary; and

(b) any property transferred to or from an Unrestricted Subsidiary shall be 
valued at its fair market value at the time of such transfer.
 
-20-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
The amount of any Investment outstanding at any time shall be the original 
cost of such Investment, reduced by any dividend, distribution, interest 
payment, return of capital, repayment or other amount received in Cash 
Equivalents by the Issuer or a Restricted Subsidiary in respect of such 
Investment.

“Investors” means any of the Blackstone Funds and any of their Affiliates 
but not including, however, any of its or such Affiliates’ portfolio 
companies.

“Issue Date” means (a) on and after the Original Issue Date and prior to 
the Reset Date, the Original Issue Date, and (b) on and after the Reset 
Date, the Reset Date.

“Issuer” has the meaning set forth in the recitals hereto until a successor 
Person shall have become such pursuant to the applicable provisions of this 
Indenture, and thereafter “Issuer” shall mean such successor Person.

“Issuers” has the meaning set forth in the recitals hereto until a 
successor Person or Persons shall have become such pursuant to the 
applicable provisions of this Indenture, and thereafter “Issuers” shall 
mean such successor Person or Persons.

“Issuer Capitalization” means the transactions which upon consummation 
thereof will result in the Issuer holding, directly or indirectly, all of 
the Equity Interests of Hilton Resorts Corporation, a Delaware corporation, 
and all of the assets and operations of the Timeshare Business.

“Issuers’ Order” means a written request or order signed on behalf of each 
of the Issuer and the Co-Issuer by an Officer of the Issuer and the 
Co-Issuer, as applicable, who must be the principal executive officer, the 
principal financial officer, the treasurer, the secretary, the principal 
accounting officer or any senior or executive vice president of the Issuer 
and the Co-Issuer, as applicable, and delivered to the Trustee.

“Legal Holiday” means a Saturday, a Sunday or a day on which commercial 
banking institutions are not required to be open in the State of New York 
or at the place of payment in respect of the Notes. If a payment date is on 
a Legal Holiday, payment will be made on the next succeeding day that is 
not a Legal Holiday and no interest shall accrue for the intervening 
period.

“Letter of Transmittal” means the letter of transmittal to be prepared by 
the Issuers and sent to all Holders for use by such Holders in connection 
with an Exchange Offer.

“License Agreement” means the License Agreement, to be dated on or prior to 
the Spin-Off Date, containing substantially the terms described in the 
Offering Memorandum, by and between Hilton Parent and HGV Parent, as 
amended, supplemented, waived or otherwise modified from time to time in a 
manner not materially adverse to the Holders of the Notes when taken as a 
whole, as compared to the License Agreement as in effect immediately prior 
to such amendment, supplement, waiver or modification.

“Lien” means, with respect to any asset, any mortgage, lien (statutory or 
otherwise), pledge, hypothecation, charge, security interest, preference, 
priority or encumbrance of any kind in respect of such asset, whether or 
not filed, recorded or otherwise perfected under applicable law, including 
any conditional sale or other title retention agreement, any lease in the 
nature thereof, any option or other agreement to sell or give a security 
interest in and any filing of or agreement to give any financing statement 
under the Uniform Commercial Code (or equivalent statutes) of any 
jurisdiction; provided that in no event shall an operating lease be deemed 
to constitute a Lien.

“Limited Condition Acquisition” means any acquisition, including by way of 
merger, amalgamation or consolidation, by the Issuer or one or more of its 
Restricted Subsidiaries whose consummation is not conditioned upon the 
availability of, or on obtaining, third party financing; provided that 
Consolidated Net Income (and any other financial term derived therefrom), 
other than for purposes of calculating any ratios in connection with the 
Limited Condition Acquisition, shall not include any Consolidated Net 
Income of or attributable to the target company or assets associated with 
any such Limited Condition Acquisition unless and until the closing of such 
Limited Condition Acquisition shall have actually occurred.
 
-21-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
“Management Stockholders” means the current and former employees and 
members of management (and their Controlled Investment Affiliates and 
Immediate Family Members) of the Issuer (or its direct or indirect parent 
entities) who are holders of Equity Interests of any direct or indirect 
parent companies of the Issuer on the Issue Date.

“Market Capitalization” means an amount equal to (a) the total number of 
issued and outstanding shares of common Equity Interests of HGV Parent (or, 
as the case may be, of a direct or indirect parent entity whose Equity 
Interests are traded on a securities exchange) on the date of the 
declaration of a Restricted Payment permitted pursuant to clause (ix) of 
Section 4.07(b) hereof, multiplied by (b) the arithmetic mean of the 
closing prices per share of such common Equity Interests on the principal 
securities exchange on which such common Equity Interests are traded for 
the 30 consecutive trading days immediately preceding the date of 
declaration of such Restricted Payment.

“Moody’s” means Moody’s Investors Service, Inc. and any successor to its 
rating agency business.

“Net Income” means, with respect to any Person, the net income (loss) of 
such Person, determined in accordance with GAAP and before any reduction in 
respect of Preferred Stock dividends.

“Net Proceeds” means the aggregate Cash Equivalents proceeds received by 
the Issuer or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries in respect of any Asset 
Sale, including any Cash Equivalents received upon the sale or other 
disposition of any Designated Non-cash Consideration received in any Asset 
Sale, net of the direct costs relating to such Asset Sale and the sale or 
disposition of such Designated Non-cash Consideration, including legal, 
accounting and investment banking fees, payments made in order to obtain a 
necessary consent or required by applicable law, and brokerage and sales 
commissions, any relocation expenses incurred as a result thereof, other 
fees and expenses, including title and recordation expenses, taxes paid or 
payable as a result thereof or any transactions occurring or deemed to 
occur to effectuate a payment under this Indenture (after taking into 
account any available tax credits or deductions and any tax sharing 
arrangements), amounts required to be applied to the repayment of 
principal, premium, if any, and interest on Senior Indebtedness or amounts 
required to be applied to the repayment of Indebtedness secured by a Lien 
on such assets and required (other than required by clause (i) of Section 
4.10(b) hereof) to be paid as a result of such transaction and any 
deduction of appropriate amounts to be provided by the Issuer or any of its 
Restricted Subsidiaries as a reserve in accordance with GAAP against any 
liabilities associated with the asset disposed of in such transaction and 
retained by the Issuer or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries after such 
sale or other disposition thereof, including pension and other 
post-employment benefit liabilities and liabilities related to 
environmental matters or against any indemnification obligations associated 
with such transaction.

“New Project” means (x) each property or resort which is either a new 
property or resort or an expansion, relocation, remodeling, or substantial 
modernization of an existing property or resort owned by the Issuer or its 
Restricted Subsidiaries which in fact commences operations and (y) each 
creation (in one or a series of related transactions) of a business unit 
(including, without limitation, individual resorts) to the extent such 
business unit commences operations or each expansion (in one or series of 
related transactions) of business into a new market.

“Non-U.S. Person” means a Person who is not a U.S. Person.

“Notes” means the Initial Notes, and more particularly means any Note 
authenticated and delivered under this Indenture. Unless the context 
requires otherwise, all references to “Notes” for all purposes of this 
Indenture shall include any Additional Notes that are actually issued. The 
Initial Notes and any Additional Notes subsequently issued under this 
Indenture will be treated as a single class for all purposes under this 
Indenture, including waivers, amendments, redemptions and offers to 
purchase, except for certain waivers and amendments as set forth herein.

“Obligations” means any principal, interest (including any interest 
accruing on or subsequent to the filing of a petition in bankruptcy, 
reorganization or similar proceeding at the rate provided for in the 
documentation with respect thereto, whether or not such interest is an 
allowed claim under applicable state, federal or foreign law), premium, 
penalties, fees, indemnifications, reimbursements (including reimbursement 
obligations with respect to letters
 
-22-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
of credit and banker’s acceptances), damages and other liabilities, and 
guarantees of payment of such principal, interest, penalties, fees, 
indemnifications, reimbursements, damages and other liabilities, payable 
under the documentation governing any Indebtedness; provided that any of 
the foregoing (other than principal and interest) shall no longer 
constitute “Obligations” after payment in full of such principal and 
interest except to the extent such obligations are fully liquidated and 
non-contingent on or prior to such payment in full.

“Offering Memorandum” means the offering memorandum, to be dated the date 
of the Purchase Agreement, relating to the offer and sale of the Marketed 
Notes; provided, that, prior to such date, references to descriptions of 
documents and transactions in the Offering Memorandum shall be deemed to be 
references to the corresponding descriptions of such documents and 
transactions in the HGV Parent Information Statement filed as Exhibit 99.1 
to Amendment No. 3 to the Form 10 filed by HGV Parent on September 16, 2016 
(as it may be amended from time to time).

“Officer” means the Chairman of the Board of Directors, the Chief Executive 
Officer, the Chief Financial Officer, the Chief Operating Officer, the 
President, any Executive Vice President, Senior Vice President or Vice 
President, the Treasurer or the Secretary of any Person, or any other 
officer of such Person designated by any such individuals. Unless otherwise 
indicated, Officer shall refer to an Officer of the Issuer.

“Officer’s Certificate” means a certificate signed on behalf of a Person by 
an Officer of such Person that meets the requirements set forth in this 
Indenture. Unless otherwise indicated, Officer’s Certificate shall refer to 
an Officer’s Certificate of an Officer of each Issuer.

“Opinion of Counsel” means a written opinion from legal counsel who is 
reasonably acceptable to the Trustee. The counsel may be an employee of or 
counsel to the Issuer or the Trustee.

“Original Issue Date” means October 24, 2016.

“Ownership Business” has the meaning assigned to such term in the 
Distribution Agreement.

“Parent Company” means any Person so long as such Person directly or 
indirectly holds 100.0% of the total voting power of the Capital Stock of 
the Issuer, and at the time such Person acquired such voting power, no 
Person and no group (within the meaning of Section 13(d)(3) or Section 
14(d)(2) of the Exchange Act or any successor provision), including any 
such group acting for the purpose of acquiring, holding or disposing of 
securities (within the meaning of Rule 13d-5(b)(1) under the Exchange Act) 
(other than a Parent Company or any Permitted Holder), shall have 
beneficial ownership (within the meaning of Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange 
Act, or any successor provision), directly or indirectly, of 50.0% or more 
of the total voting power of the Voting Stock of such Person.

“Parent Guarantee” means the Guarantee by each Parent Guarantor.

“Parent Guarantors” means HGV Parent and HGV Intermediate Parent.

“Participant” means, with respect to the Depositary, a Person who has an 
account with the Depositary (and, with respect to DTC, shall include 
Euroclear and Clearstream).

“Participating Broker-Dealer” has the meaning set forth in the Registration 
Rights Agreement.

“Permitted Asset Swap” means the substantially concurrent purchase and sale 
or exchange of Related Business Assets or a combination of Related Business 
Assets and Cash Equivalents between the Issuer or any of its Restricted 
Subsidiaries and another Person; provided that any Cash Equivalents 
received must be applied in accordance with Section 4.10 hereof.

“Permitted Holders” means any of the Investors and Management Stockholders 
and any group (within the meaning of Section 13(d)(3) or Section 14(d)(2) 
of the Exchange Act or any successor provision) of which any of the 
foregoing are members; provided that in the case of such group and without 
giving effect to the existence of such group or any other group, such 
Investors and Management Stockholders, collectively, have beneficial 
ownership of
 
-23-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
more than 50.0% of the total voting power of the Voting Stock of the Issuer 
or any of its direct or indirect parent companies. Any Person or group 
whose acquisition of beneficial ownership constitutes a Change of Control 
in respect of which a Change of Control Offer is made in accordance with 
the requirements of this Indenture will thereafter, together with its 
Affiliates, constitute an additional Permitted Holder.

“Permitted Intercompany Activities” means any transactions between or among 
the Issuer and its Subsidiaries (for the avoidance of doubt, including 
Unrestricted Subsidiaries) that are entered into in the ordinary course of 
business of the Issuer and its Subsidiaries and, in the good faith judgment 
of the Issuer are necessary or advisable in connection with the ownership 
or operation of the business of the Issuer and its Subsidiaries, including, 
but not limited to, (a) payroll, cash management, purchasing, insurance and 
hedging arrangements; (b) management, technology and licensing 
arrangements; and (c) HHonors, Hilton Grand Vacations Club and similar 
customer loyalty and rewards programs.

“Permitted Investments” means:

(a) any Investment in the Issuer or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries;

(b) any Investment in Cash Equivalents or Investment Grade Securities;

(c) any Investment by the Issuer or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries in a 
Person (including, to the extent constituting an Investment, in assets of a 
Person that represent substantially all of its assets or a division, 
business unit or product line, including research and development and 
related assets in respect of any product) that is engaged directly or 
through entities that will be Restricted Subsidiaries in a Similar Business 
if as a result of such Investment:

(i) such Person becomes a Restricted Subsidiary; or

(ii) such Person, in one transaction or a series of related transactions, 
is amalgamated, merged or consolidated with or into, or transfers or 
conveys substantially all of its assets (or such division, business unit or 
product line) to, or is liquidated into, the Issuer or a Restricted 
Subsidiary,

and, in each case, any Investment held by such Person; provided that such 
Investment was not acquired by such Person in contemplation of such 
acquisition, merger, amalgamation, consolidation or transfer;

(d) any Investment in securities or other assets, including earn-outs, not 
constituting Cash Equivalents or Investment Grade Securities and received 
in connection with an Asset Sale made pursuant to Section 4.10(a) hereof or 
any other disposition of assets not constituting an Asset Sale;

(e) any Investment existing on the Issue Date or made pursuant to binding 
commitments in effect on the Issue Date or an Investment consisting of any 
extension, modification or renewal of any such Investment or binding 
commitment existing on the Issue Date; provided that the amount of any such 
Investment may be increased in such extension, modification or renewal only 
(i) as required by the terms of such Investment or binding commitment as in 
existence on the Issue Date (including as a result of the accrual or 
accretion of interest or original issue discount or the issuance of 
pay-in-kind securities) or (ii) as otherwise permitted under this 
Indenture;

(f) any Investment acquired by the Issuer or any of its Restricted 
Subsidiaries:

(i) consisting of extensions of credit in the nature of accounts receivable 
or notes receivable arising from the grant of trade credit in the ordinary 
course of business;

(ii) in exchange for any other Investment or accounts receivable, 
endorsements for collection or deposit held by the Issuer or any such 
Restricted Subsidiary in connection with or as a result of a bankruptcy, 
workout, reorganization or recapitalization of the issuer of such other 
Investment or accounts receivable (including any trade creditor or 
customer); or
 
-24-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(iii) in satisfaction of judgments against other Persons; or

(iv) as a result of a foreclosure by the Issuer or any of its Restricted 
Subsidiaries with respect to any secured Investment or other transfer of 
title with respect to any secured Investment in default;

(g) Hedging Obligations permitted under Section 4.09(b)(x) hereof;

(h) [reserved];

(i) Investments the payment for which consists of Equity Interests (other 
than Disqualified Stock) of the Issuer or any of its direct or indirect 
parent companies; provided that such Equity Interests will not increase the 
amount available for Restricted Payments under clause (C) of Section 
4.07(a) hereof;

(j) guarantees of Indebtedness permitted under Section 4.09 hereof, 
performance guarantees and Contingent Obligations incurred in the ordinary 
course of business or consistent with past practice and the creation of 
Liens on the assets of the Issuer or any Restricted Subsidiary in 
compliance with Section 4.12 hereof;

(k) any transaction to the extent it constitutes an Investment that is 
permitted by and made in accordance with the provisions of Section 4.11(b) 
hereof (except transactions described in clauses (ii), (v), (ix) and 
(xxiii) of Section 4.11(b) hereof);

(l) Investments consisting of purchases or other acquisitions of inventory, 
supplies, material or equipment or the licensing or contribution of 
intellectual property pursuant to joint marketing arrangements with other 
Persons;

(m) Investments having an aggregate fair market value, taken together with 
all other Investments made pursuant to this clause (m) that are at that 
time outstanding (without giving effect to the sale of an Unrestricted 
Subsidiary to the extent the proceeds of such sale do not consist of cash 
or marketable securities), not to exceed the greater of (1) $75.0 million 
and (2) 4.0% of Total Assets (in each case, determined on the date such 
Investment is made, with the fair market value of each Investment being 
measured at the time made and without giving effect to subsequent changes 
in value); provided, however, that if any Investment pursuant to this 
clause (m) is made in any Person that is not a Restricted Subsidiary of the 
Issuer at the date of the making of such Investment and such Person becomes 
a Restricted Subsidiary after such date, such investment shall thereafter 
be deemed to have been made pursuant to clause (a) above and shall cease to 
have been made pursuant to this clause (m);

(n) Investments in or relating to a Securitization Subsidiary that, in the 
good faith determination of the Issuer are necessary or advisable to effect 
any Qualified Securitization Facility (including any contribution of 
replacement or substitute assets to such subsidiary) or any repurchase 
obligation in connection therewith;

(o) advances to, or guarantees of Indebtedness of, employees not in excess 
of $25.0 million outstanding in the aggregate;

(p) loans and advances to employees, directors, officers, managers and 
consultants (i) for business-related travel expenses, moving expenses and 
other similar expenses or payroll advances, in each case incurred in the 
ordinary course of business or consistent with past practices or (ii) to 
fund such Person’s purchase of Equity Interests of the Issuer or any direct 
or indirect parent company thereof;
 
-25-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(q) advances, loans or extensions of trade credit in the ordinary course of 
business or consistent with past practice by the Issuer or any of its 
Restricted Subsidiaries;

(r) any Investment in any Subsidiary or any joint venture in connection 
with intercompany cash management arrangements or related activities 
arising in the ordinary course of business or consistent with past 
practice;

(s) Investments consisting of purchases and acquisitions of assets or 
services in the ordinary course of business or consistent with past 
practice;

(t) Investments made in the ordinary course of business or consistent with 
past practice in connection with obtaining, maintaining or renewing client 
contracts;

(u) Investments in prepaid expenses, negotiable instruments held for 
collection and lease, utility and workers compensation, performance and 
similar deposits entered into as a result of the operations of the business 
in the ordinary course of business or consistent with past practice;

(v) repurchases of Notes;

(w) Investments in the ordinary course of business or consistent with past 
practice consisting of Uniform Commercial Code Article 3 endorsements for 
collection of deposit and Article 4 customary trade arrangements with 
customers consistent with past practices;

(x) Investments consisting of promissory notes issued by the Issuer or any 
Guarantor to future, present or former officers, directors and employees, 
members of management, or consultants of the Issuer or any of its 
Subsidiaries or their respective estates, spouses or former spouses to 
finance the purchase or redemption of Equity Interests of the Issuer or any 
direct or indirect parent thereof, to the extent the applicable Restricted 
Payment is a permitted by Section 4.07 hereof;

(y) Investments (including debt obligations and Equity Interests) received 
in connection with the bankruptcy or reorganization of suppliers and 
customers or in settlement of delinquent obligations of, or other disputes 
with, customers and suppliers arising in the ordinary course of business or 
consistent with past practice or upon the foreclosure with respect to any 
secured Investment or other transfer of title with respect to any secured 
Investment;

(z) Investments (i) by the Captive Insurance Subsidiary made in the 
ordinary course of its business or consistent with past practice, and (ii) 
in the Captive Insurance Subsidiary in the ordinary course of business or 
required under statutory or regulatory authority applicable to such Captive 
Insurance Subsidiary;

(aa) Investments made in connection with Permitted Intercompany Activities, 
the Spin-Off Transaction and related transactions;

(bb) Investments in joint ventures of the Issuer or any of its Restricted 
Subsidiaries existing on the Issue Date;

(cc) Investments in joint ventures of the Issuer or any of its Restricted 
Subsidiaries, taken together with all other Investments made pursuant to 
this clause (cc) that are at that time outstanding, not to exceed the 
greater of (a) $25.0 million and (b) 2.0% of Total Assets (in each case, 
determined on the date such Investment is made, with the fair market value 
of each Investment being measured at the time made and without giving 
effect to subsequent changes in value);

(dd) Investments in an Unrestricted Subsidiary consisting of Equity 
Interests issued by, or property or assets of, another Unrestricted 
Subsidiary;
 
-26-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(ee) Investments in the form of (A) Timeshare Loans generated in the 
ordinary course of business, (B) construction loans to developers of 
properties in the ordinary course of business or otherwise in connection 
with vacation ownership interval transactions and (C) purchases of vacation 
ownership intervals for inventory or resale, in each case by the Issuer and 
its Restricted Subsidiaries; and

(ff) Investments made in exchange for the contribution of Specified Real 
Property Assets.

“Permitted Liens” means, with respect to any Person:

(a) pledges, deposits or security by such Person under workmen’s 
compensation laws, unemployment insurance, employers’ health tax, and other 
social security laws or similar legislation or other insurance-related 
obligations (including, but not limited to, in respect of deductibles, 
self-insured retention amounts and premiums and adjustments thereto) or 
indemnification obligations of (including obligations in respect of letters 
of credit or bank guarantees for the benefit of) insurance carriers 
providing property, casualty or liability insurance, or good faith deposits 
in connection with bids, tenders, contracts (other than for the payment of 
Indebtedness) or leases to which such Person is a party, or deposits to 
secure public or statutory obligations of such Person or deposits of cash 
or U.S. government bonds to secure surety or appeal bonds to which such 
Person is a party, or deposits as security for contested taxes or import 
duties or for the payment of rent, in each case incurred in the ordinary 
course of business;

(b) Liens imposed by law, such as landlords’, carriers’, warehousemen’s, 
materialmen’s, repairmen’s and mechanics’ Liens, in each case for sums not 
yet overdue for a period of more than 45 days or, if more than 45 days 
overdue, that are unfiled and no other action has been taken to enforce 
such Lien or that are being contested in good faith by appropriate actions 
or other Liens arising out of judgments or awards against such Person with 
respect to which such Person shall then be proceeding with an appeal or 
other proceedings for review if adequate reserves with respect thereto are 
maintained on the books of such Person in accordance with GAAP;

(c) Liens for taxes, assessments or other governmental charges not yet 
overdue for a period of more than 30 days or not yet payable or subject to 
penalties for nonpayment or which are being contested in good faith by 
appropriate actions diligently conducted, if adequate reserves with respect 
thereto are maintained on the books of such Person in accordance with GAAP;

(d) Liens in favor of issuers of performance, surety, bid, indemnity, 
warranty, release, appeal or similar bonds or with respect to other 
regulatory requirements or letters of credit or bankers acceptances issued, 
and completion guarantees provided for, in each case, issued pursuant to 
the request of and for the account of such Person in the ordinary course of 
its business or consistent with past practice prior to the Issue Date;

(e) minor survey exceptions, minor encumbrances, ground leases, easements 
or reservations of, or rights of others for, licenses, rights-of-way, 
servitudes, sewers, electric lines, drains, telegraph, telephone and cable 
television lines and other similar purposes, or zoning, building codes or 
other restrictions (including minor defects and irregularities in title and 
similar encumbrances) as to the use of real properties or Liens incidental, 
to the conduct of the business of such Person or to the ownership of its 
properties which were not incurred in connection with Indebtedness and 
which do not in the aggregate materially interfere with the ordinary 
conduct of the business of the Issuer or any of its Restricted 
Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, and exceptions on title policies insuring 
liens granted on Mortgaged Properties (as defined in the Senior Secured 
Credit Facilities);

(f) Liens securing Obligations relating to any Indebtedness permitted to be 
incurred pursuant to clause (iv), (xii), (xiii), (xiv), (xxiii) or (xxv) of 
Section 4.09(b) hereof; provided that (a) Liens securing Obligations 
relating to any Indebtedness, Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock to be 
incurred pursuant to clause (iv) of Section 4.09(b) hereof extend only to 
the assets so purchased, leased or improved; (b) Liens securing Obligations 
relating to any Indebtedness permitted to be incurred pursuant to clause 
(xiii) of Section 4.09(b) hereof relate only to Obligations relating to 
Refinancing Indebtedness that (x) is secured by Liens on the same assets as 
the assets securing the Refinancing Indebtedness or (y) extends, replaces, 
refunds,
 
-27-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
refinances, renews or defeases Indebtedness incurred or Disqualified Stock 
or Preferred Stock issued under clauses (iii), (iv) or (xii) of Section 
4.09(b) hereof; (c) Liens securing Indebtedness permitted to be incurred 
pursuant to clause (xiv) of Section 4.09(b) hereof shall only be permitted 
if such Liens are limited to all or part of the same property or assets, 
including Capital Stock (plus improvements, accessions, proceeds or 
dividends or distributions in respect thereof, or replacements of any 
thereof) acquired, or of any Person acquired or merged or consolidated with 
or into the Issuer or any Restricted Subsidiary, in any transaction to 
which such Indebtedness relates; and (d) Liens securing Indebtedness 
permitted to be incurred pursuant to clauses (xxiii) and (xxv) of Section 
4.09(b) hereof shall only be permitted if such Liens extend only to the 
assets of Restricted Subsidiaries of the Issuer that are not Guarantors;

(g) Liens existing on the Issue Date (excluding Liens securing the Credit 
Agreement), including Liens securing any Refinancing Indebtedness of any 
Indebtedness secured by such Liens;

(h) Liens on property or shares of stock or other assets of a Person at the 
time such Person becomes a Subsidiary; provided that such Liens are not 
created or incurred in connection with, or in contemplation of, such other 
Person becoming such a Subsidiary; provided, further, that such Liens may 
not extend to any other property or other assets owned by the Issuer or any 
of its Restricted Subsidiaries;

(i) Liens on property or other assets at the time the Issuer or a 
Restricted Subsidiary acquired the property or such other assets, including 
any acquisition by means of a merger, amalgamation or consolidation with or 
into the Issuer or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries; provided that such 
Liens are not created or incurred in connection with, or in contemplation 
of, such acquisition, amalgamation, merger or consolidation; provided, 
further, that the Liens may not extend to any other property owned by the 
Issuer or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries;

(j) Liens securing Obligations relating to any Indebtedness or other 
obligations of a Restricted Subsidiary owing to the Issuer or another 
Restricted Subsidiary permitted to be incurred in accordance with Section 
4.09 hereof;

(k) Liens securing (x) Hedging Obligations and (y) obligations in respect 
of Bank Products;

(l) Liens on specific items of inventory or other goods and proceeds of any 
Person securing such Person’s accounts payable or similar trade obligations 
in respect of bankers’ acceptances or documentary letters of credit issued 
or created for the account of such Person to facilitate the purchase, 
shipment or storage of such inventory or other goods;

(m) leases, sub-leases, licenses or sub-licenses granted to others in the 
ordinary course of business which do not materially interfere with the 
ordinary conduct of the business of the Issuer or any of its Restricted 
Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, and do not secure any Indebtedness;

(n) Liens arising from Uniform Commercial Code (or equivalent statute) 
financing statement filings regarding operating leases or consignments 
entered into by the Issuer and its Restricted Subsidiaries in the ordinary 
course of business or purported Liens evidenced by the filing of 
precautionary Uniform Commercial Code financing statements or similar 
public filings;

(o) Liens in favor of the Issuer, the Co-Issuer or any Subsidiary 
Guarantor;

(p) Liens on equipment of the Issuer or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries 
granted in the ordinary course of business to the Issuer’s or a Restricted 
Subsidiary’s customers or clients;

(q) Liens on accounts receivable, Securitization Assets and related assets 
incurred in connection with a Qualified Securitization Facility;

(r) Liens to secure any modification, refinancing, refunding, extension, 
renewal or replacement (or successive refinancing, refunding, extensions, 
renewals or replacements) as a whole, or in part, of
 
-28-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
any Indebtedness secured by any Lien referred to in the foregoing clauses 
(f), (g), (h), (i), this clause (r) and clause (nn) below; provided that 
(i) such new Lien shall be limited to all or part of the same property that 
secured the original Lien (plus improvements on such property) and proceeds 
and products thereof, and (ii) the Indebtedness secured by such Lien at 
such time is not increased to any amount greater than the sum of (A) the 
outstanding principal amount or, if greater, committed amount of the 
Indebtedness described under clauses (f), (g), (h), (i), this clause (r) 
and clause (nn) below at the time the original Lien became a Permitted Lien 
under this Indenture, and (B) an amount necessary to pay any fees and 
expenses (including original issue discount, upfront fees or similar fees) 
and premiums (including tender premiums and accrued and unpaid interest), 
related to such modification, refinancing, refunding, extension, renewal or 
replacement;

(s) deposits made or other security provided in the ordinary course of 
business to secure liability to insurance carriers;

(t) Liens securing obligations in an aggregate principal amount outstanding 
which does not exceed $75.0 million (determined as of the date of such 
incurrence);

(u) security given to a public utility or any municipality or governmental 
authority when required by such utility or authority in connection with the 
operations of that Person in the ordinary course of business;

(v) Liens securing judgments for the payment of money not constituting an 
Event of Default under clause (v) of Section 6.01(a) hereof;

(w) Liens in favor of customs and revenue authorities arising as a matter 
of law to secure payment of customs duties in connection with the 
importation of goods in the ordinary course of business;

(x) Liens (i) of a collection bank arising under Section 4-210 of the 
Uniform Commercial Code or any comparable or successor provision on items 
in the course of collection, (ii) attaching to commodity trading accounts 
or other commodity brokerage accounts incurred in the ordinary course of 
business, and (iii) in favor of banking institutions arising as a matter of 
law or under general terms and conditions encumbering deposits (including 
the right of set-off) and which are within the general parameters customary 
in the banking industry;

(y) Liens deemed to exist in connection with Investments in repurchase 
agreements permitted under Section 4.09 hereof;

(z) Liens encumbering reasonable customary deposits and margin deposits and 
similar Liens attaching to commodity trading accounts or other brokerage 
accounts incurred in the ordinary course of business and not for 
speculative purposes;

(aa) Liens that are contractual rights of set-off or rights of pledge (i) 
relating to the establishment of depository relations with banks not given 
in connection with the issuance of Indebtedness, (ii) relating to pooled 
deposit or sweep accounts of the Issuer or any of its Restricted 
Subsidiaries to permit satisfaction of overdraft or similar obligations 
incurred in the ordinary course of business of the Issuer and its 
Restricted Subsidiaries or (iii) relating to purchase orders and other 
agreements entered into with customers of the Issuer or any of its 
Restricted Subsidiaries in the ordinary course of business;

(bb) Liens securing obligations owed by the Issuer or any Restricted 
Subsidiary to any lender under the Senior Secured Credit Facilities or any 
Affiliate of such a lender in respect of any overdraft and related 
liabilities arising from treasury, depository and cash management services 
or any automated clearing house transfers of funds;

(cc) any encumbrance or restriction (including put and call arrangements) 
with respect to Capital Stock of any joint venture or similar arrangement 
pursuant to any joint venture or similar agreement;
 
-29-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(dd) Liens arising out of conditional sale, title retention, consignment or 
similar arrangements for the sale or purchase of goods entered into by the 
Issuer or any Restricted Subsidiary in the ordinary course of business;

(ee) Liens solely on any cash earnest money deposits made by the Issuer or 
any of its Restricted Subsidiaries in connection with any letter of intent 
or purchase agreement permitted by this Indenture;

(ff) ground leases in respect of real property on which facilities owned or 
leased by the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries are located;

(gg) Liens on insurance policies and the proceeds thereof securing the 
financing of the premiums with respect thereto;

(hh) Liens on Capital Stock of an Unrestricted Subsidiary that secure 
Indebtedness or other obligations of such Unrestricted Subsidiary;

(ii) Liens on the assets of Restricted Subsidiaries that are not the 
Co-Issuer or a Guarantor securing Indebtedness of such Subsidiaries that 
were permitted by the terms of this Indenture to be incurred;

(jj) Liens on cash advances in favor of the seller of any property to be 
acquired in an Investment permitted under this Indenture to be applied 
against the purchase price for such Investment;

(kk) any interest or title of a lessor, sub-lessor, licensor or 
sub-licensor or secured by a lessor’s, sub-lessor’s, licensor’s or 
sub-licensor’s interest under leases or licenses entered into by the Issuer 
or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries in the ordinary course of business;

(ll) (i) deposits of cash with the owner or lessor of premises leased and 
operated by the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries in the ordinary course of 
business of the Issuer and such Subsidiary to secure the performance of the 
Issuer’s or such Subsidiary’s obligations under the terms of the lease for 
such premises and (ii) Liens with respect to property or assets of the 
Issuer and its Restricted Subsidiaries (including accounts receivable or 
other revenue streams and other rights to payment and any other assets 
related thereto) in connection with a property manager’s obligations in 
respect of timeshare collection accounts, operating accounts and reserve 
accounts;

(mm) [reserved];

(nn) Liens securing Indebtedness (including Liens securing any Obligations 
in respect thereof) permitted to be incurred pursuant to Section 4.09 
(including, without limitation, Indebtedness incurred under one or more 
Credit Facilities) so long as after giving pro forma effect to such 
incurrence and such Liens the Consolidated Secured Debt Ratio of the Issuer 
and its Restricted Subsidiaries shall be equal to or less than 2.00 to 1.00 
for the Issuer’s most recently ended four full fiscal quarters for which 
internal financial statements are available immediately preceding the date 
on which such Lien is incurred;

(oo) Liens securing obligations in respect of (i) Indebtedness and other 
Obligations permitted to be incurred under Credit Facilities, including any 
letter of credit facility relating thereto, that was permitted to be 
incurred pursuant to clause (i) of Section 4.09(b) and (ii) obligations of 
the Issuer or any Subsidiary in respect of any Bank Products or Hedging 
Obligation provided by any lender party to any Credit Facility or any 
Affiliate of such lender (or any Person that was a lender or an Affiliate 
of a lender at the time the applicable agreements pursuant to which such 
Bank Products are provided were entered into); and

(pp) Liens on any funds or securities held in escrow accounts established 
for the purpose of holding proceeds from issuances of debt securities by 
the Issuer or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries issued after the Issue 
Date, together with any additional funds required in order to fund any 
mandatory redemption or sinking fund payment on such debt securities within 
180 days of their issuance; provided that such Liens do not extend to any 
assets other than such proceeds and such additional funds.
 
-30-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
For purposes of this definition, the term “Indebtedness” shall be deemed to 
include interest on such Indebtedness.

“Person” means any individual, corporation, limited liability company, 
partnership (including a limited partnership), joint venture, association, 
joint stock company, trust, unincorporated organization, government or any 
agency or political subdivision thereof or any other entity.

“PHRI ” means Park Hotels & Resorts Inc., a Delaware corporation.

“Preferred Stock” means any Equity Interest with preferential rights of 
payment of dividends or upon liquidation, dissolution, or winding up.

“Pre-Opening Expenses” means, with respect to any fiscal period, the amount 
of expenses (other than interest expense) incurred with respect to 
properties or resorts which are classified as “pre-opening expenses” (or 
any similar or equivalent caption) on the applicable financial statements 
of the Issuer and its Subsidiaries for such period, prepared in accordance 
with GAAP.

“Private Placement Legend” means the legend set forth in Section 2.06(g)(i) 
hereof to be placed on all Notes issued under this Indenture, except where 
otherwise permitted by the provisions of this Indenture.

“Purchase Agreement” means the purchase agreement, to be dated the date of 
pricing of the Marketed Notes, among the Issuers, the Guarantors, the 
Selling Noteholders and Goldman, Sachs & Co., as representative of such 
initial purchasers, relating to the offer and sale of the Marketed Notes.

“Purchase Money Obligations” means any Indebtedness incurred to finance or 
refinance the purchase, acquisition, leasing, expansion, construction, 
installation, replacement, repair or improvement of property (real or 
personal) or assets, and whether acquired through the direct acquisition of 
such property or assets, or otherwise (including through the purchase of 
Capital Stock of any Person owning such property or assets).

“QIB” means a “qualified institutional buyer” as defined in Rule 144A.

“Qualified Proceeds” means the fair market value of assets that are used or 
useful in, or Capital Stock of any Person engaged in, a Similar Business.

“Qualified Securitization Facility” means (a) any timeshare financing 
receivable backed notes (such as notes issued by Hilton Grand Vacations 
Trust 2013-A pursuant to the indenture, dated as of August 8, 2013, between 
Hilton Grand Vacations Trust 2013-A, as issuer, and Wells Fargo Bank, 
National Association, as indenture trustee) and similar note issuances, in 
each case, the Obligations of which are non-recourse (except for customary 
representations, warranties, covenants and indemnities made in connection 
therewith) to the Issuer or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries (other than 
a Securitization Subsidiary); (b) any timeshare financing receivable backed 
credit facility (such as the Timeshare Facility) and similar financings, in 
each case, the Obligations of which are non-recourse (except for customary 
representations, warranties, covenants and indemnities made in connection 
therewith) to the Issuer or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries (other than 
a Securitization Subsidiary); and (c) any other Securitization Facility (i) 
constituting a securitization financing facility that meets the following 
conditions: (A) the Board of Directors or management of the Issuer shall 
have determined in good faith that such Securitization Facility is in the 
aggregate economically fair and reasonable to the Issuer and (B) all sales 
and/or contributions of Securitization Assets and related assets to the 
applicable Securitization Subsidiary are made at fair market value (as 
determined in good faith by the Issuer) or (ii) constituting a receivables 
or payables financing or factoring facility.

“Rating Agencies” means Moody’s and S&P or if Moody’s or S&P or both shall 
not make a rating on the Notes publicly available, a nationally recognized 
statistical rating agency or agencies, as the case may be, selected by the 
Issuers which shall be substituted for Moody’s or S&P or both, as the case 
may be.
 
-31-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
“Rating Categories” means:

(a) with respect to S&P, any of the following categories: AAA, AA, A, BBB, 
BB, B, CCC, CC, C and D (or equivalent successor categories); and

(b) with respect to Moody’s, any of the following categories: Aaa, Aa, A, 
Baa, Ba, B, Caa, Ca, C and D (or equivalent successor categories).

“Ratings Improvement” means, with respect to a Change of Control, the 
obtaining of a rating of the Notes, taking into account the applicable 
transaction, representing an increase in the rating of the Notes by either 
Moody’s or S&P by one or more gradations (including gradations within 
Rating Categories as well as between Rating Categories, but not including 
ratings outlook changes) over such rating as of the Issue Date. In 
determining whether the rating of the Notes has increased by one or more 
gradations, gradations within Ratings Categories, namely + or - for S&P, 
and 1, 2, and 3 for Moody’s, will be taken into account; for example, in 
the case of S&P, a rating change either from BB to BB+ or from B+ to BB- 
will constitute an increase of one gradation.

“Record Date” means, for the interest payable on any applicable Interest 
Payment Date, the May 15 and November 15 (whether or not a Business Day) 
immediately preceding such Interest Payment Date and, in the case of the 
PHRI Notes, for the interest payable on the Initial Interest Payment Date, 
the Initial Record Date (whether or not a Business Day).

“Registration Rights Agreement” means a registration rights agreement with 
respect to the Marketed Notes to be dated as of the Reset Date, among the 
Issuers, the Guarantors party thereto and the representative of the Initial 
Purchasers, as such agreement may be amended, modified or supplemented from 
time to time and, with respect to any Additional Notes, one or more 
registration rights agreements among the Issuers and the other parties 
thereto, as such agreement(s) may be amended, modified or supplemented from 
time to time, relating to rights given by the Issuers to the purchasers of 
Additional Notes to register such Additional Notes under the Securities 
Act.

“Regulation S” means Regulation S promulgated under the Securities Act.

“Regulation S Global Note” means a Regulation S Temporary Global Note or 
Regulation S Permanent Global Note, as applicable.

“Regulation S Permanent Global Note” means a permanent Global Note, 
substantially in the form of Exhibit A-2 hereto, bearing the Global Note 
Legend and the Private Placement Legend and deposited with or on behalf of, 
and registered in the name of, the Depositary or its nominee, issued in a 
denomination equal to the outstanding principal amount of the Regulation S 
Temporary Global Note upon expiration of the applicable Restricted Period.

“Regulation S Temporary Global Note” means a temporary Global Note, 
substantially in the form of Exhibit A-2 hereto, bearing the Global Note 
Legend and the Private Placement Legend and the Regulation S Temporary 
Global Note Legend and deposited with or on behalf of, and registered in 
the name of, the Depositary or its nominee, issued in a denomination equal 
to the outstanding principal amount of the Notes initially sold in reliance 
on Rule 903.

“Regulation S Temporary Global Note Legend” means the legend set forth in 
Section 2.06(g)(iii) hereof.

“Related Business Assets” means assets (other than Cash Equivalents) used 
or useful in a Similar Business or any securities of a Person received by 
the Issuer or a Restricted Subsidiary in exchange for assets transferred by 
the Issuer or a Restricted Subsidiary; provided that any such securities 
shall not be deemed to be Related Business Assets, unless (a) upon receipt 
of the securities of such Person, such Person would become a Restricted 
Subsidiary or (b) such securities are received in respect of a transfer of 
the Specified Real Property Assets.

“Responsible Officer” means, when used with respect to the Trustee, any 
officer within the corporate trust department of the Trustee, including any 
vice president, assistant vice president, assistant secretary, assistant 
treasurer, trust officer or any other officer of the Trustee who 
customarily performs functions similar to those performed
 
-32-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
by the Persons who at the time shall be such officers, respectively, or to 
whom any corporate trust matter is referred because of such Person’s 
knowledge of and familiarity with the particular subject and, in each case, 
who shall have direct responsibility for the administration of this 
Indenture.

“Restricted Definitive Note” means (a) the Definitive Note representing the 
PHRI Notes and (b) any other Definitive Note bearing, or that is required 
to bear, the Private Placement Legend.

“Restricted Global Note” means a Global Note bearing, or that is required 
to bear, the Private Placement Legend.

“Restricted Investment” means an Investment other than a Permitted 
Investment.

“Restricted Period” means, in respect of any Note issued under Regulation 
S, the 40-day distribution compliance period as defined in Regulation S 
applicable to such Note.

“Restricted Subsidiary” means, at any time, any direct or indirect 
Subsidiary of the Issuer (including the Co-Issuer and any Foreign 
Subsidiary) that is not then an Unrestricted Subsidiary; provided that upon 
an Unrestricted Subsidiary ceasing to be an Unrestricted Subsidiary, such 
Subsidiary shall be included in the definition of “Restricted Subsidiary.”

“Rule 144” means Rule 144 promulgated under the Securities Act.

“Rule 144A” means Rule 144A promulgated under the Securities Act.

“Rule 903” means Rule 903 promulgated under the Securities Act.

“Rule 904” means Rule 904 promulgated under the Securities Act.

“S&P” means Standard & Poor’s, a division of The McGraw-Hill Companies, 
Inc., and any successor to its rating agency business.

“Sale and Lease-Back Transaction” means any arrangement providing for the 
leasing by the Issuer or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries of any real or 
tangible personal property, which property has been or is to be sold or 
transferred by the Issuer or such Restricted Subsidiary to a third Person 
in contemplation of such leasing.

“SEC” means the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission.

“Secured Indebtedness” means any Indebtedness of the Issuer or any of its 
Restricted Subsidiaries secured by a Lien.

“Securities Act” means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the 
rules and regulations of the SEC promulgated thereunder.

“Securitization Assets” means the loans, accounts receivable, financing 
receivables, other receivables, royalty or other revenue streams and other 
rights to payment and any assets related thereto subject to a Qualified 
Securitization Facility and the proceeds thereof.

“Securitization Facility” means any of one or more receivables or 
securitization financing facilities as amended, supplemented, modified, 
extended, renewed, restated or refunded from time to time, the Obligations 
of which are non-recourse (except for customary representations, 
warranties, covenants and indemnities made in connection with such 
facilities) to the Issuer or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries (other than 
a Securitization Subsidiary) pursuant to which the Issuer or any of its 
Restricted Subsidiaries sells or grants a security interest in 
Securitization Assets to, or for the benefit of, either (a) a Person that 
is not a Restricted Subsidiary or (b) a Securitization Subsidiary that in 
turn sells or grants a security interest in Securitization Assets to, or 
for the benefit of, a Person that is not a Restricted Subsidiary.
 
-33-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
“Securitization Fees” means distributions or payments made directly or by 
means of discounts with respect to any participation interest issued or 
sold in connection with, and other fees paid to a Person that is not a 
Securitization Subsidiary in connection with, any Qualified Securitization 
Facility.

“Securitization Subsidiary” means any Subsidiary formed for the purpose of, 
and that solely engages only in one or more Qualified Securitization 
Facilities and other activities reasonably related thereto.

“Selling Noteholders” means the selling securityholders named in the 
Offering Memorandum.

“Senior Indebtedness” means:

(a) all Indebtedness of the Issuers or any Guarantor outstanding under the 
Senior Secured Credit Facilities and the related Guarantees and the Notes 
and related Guarantees (including interest accruing on or after the filing 
of any petition in bankruptcy or similar proceeding or for reorganization 
of the Issuers or any Guarantor (at the rate provided for in the 
documentation with respect thereto, regardless of whether or not a claim 
for post-filing interest is allowed in such proceedings)), and any and all 
other fees, expense reimbursement obligations, indemnification amounts, 
penalties, and other amounts (whether existing on the Issue Date or 
thereafter created or incurred) and all obligations of the Issuers or any 
Guarantor to reimburse any bank or other Person in respect of amounts paid 
under letters of credit, acceptances or other similar instruments;

(b) all (x) Hedging Obligations (and guarantees thereof) and (y) 
obligations in respect of Bank Products (and guarantees thereof) owing to a 
lender under the Senior Secured Credit Facilities or any Affiliate of such 
lender (or any Person that was a lender or an Affiliate of such lender at 
the time the applicable agreement giving rise to such Hedging Obligation 
was entered into); provided that such Hedging Obligations and obligations 
in respect of Bank Products, as the case may be, are permitted to be 
incurred under the terms of this Indenture;

(c) any other Indebtedness of the Issuers or any Guarantor permitted to be 
incurred under the terms of this Indenture, unless the instrument under 
which such Indebtedness is incurred expressly provides that it is 
subordinated in right of payment to the Notes or any related Guarantee; and

(d) all Obligations with respect to the items listed in the preceding 
clauses (a), (b) and (c); provided that Senior Indebtedness shall not 
include:

(i) any obligation of such Person to the Issuers or any of the Issuers’ 
Subsidiaries;

(ii) any liability for federal, state, local or other taxes owed or owing 
by such Person;

(iii) any accounts payable or other liability to trade creditors arising in 
the ordinary course of business;

(iv) any Indebtedness or other Obligation of such Person which is 
subordinate or junior in any respect to any other Indebtedness or other 
Obligation of such Person; or

(v) that portion of any Indebtedness which at the time of incurrence is 
incurred in violation of this Indenture.

“Senior Secured Credit Facilities” means the revolving credit facility and 
other credit facilities under the Credit Agreement, including any 
guarantees, collateral documents, instruments and agreements executed in 
connection therewith, and any amendments, supplements, modifications, 
extensions, renewals, restatements, refundings, refinancings or 
replacements thereof and any one or more indentures or credit facilities or 
commercial paper facilities with banks or other institutional lenders or 
investors that replace, refund, supplement or refinance any part of the 
loans, notes, other credit facilities or commitments thereunder, including 
any such replacement, refunding or refinancing
 
-34-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
facility or indenture that increases the amount borrowable thereunder or 
alters the maturity thereof (provided that such increase in borrowings is 
permitted under Section 4.09 hereof) or adds Restricted Subsidiaries as 
additional borrowers or guarantors thereunder and whether by the same or 
any other agent, trustee, lender or group of lenders or holders.

“Shelf Registration Statement” means a Shelf Registration Statement as 
defined in the Registration Rights Agreement.

“Significant Subsidiary” means any Restricted Subsidiary that would be a 
“significant subsidiary” as defined in Article 1, Rule 1-02 of Regulation 
S-X promulgated pursuant to the Securities Act, as such regulation is in 
effect on the Issue Date.

“Similar Business” means (a) any business conducted or proposed to be 
conducted by the Issuer or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries on the Issue 
Date, and any reasonable extension thereof, or (b) any business or other 
activities that are reasonably similar, ancillary, incidental, 
complementary or related to, or a reasonable extension, development or 
expansion of, the businesses in which the Issuer and its Restricted 
Subsidiaries are engaged or propose to be engaged on the Issue Date.

“Specified Real Property Assets” means any real property or assets of the 
Issuer or its Restricted Subsidiaries with an aggregate book value not to 
exceed 4.0% of Total Assets of the Issuer and its Restricted Subsidiaries.

“Spin-Off Date” means the date on which the Spin-Off Transaction is 
consummated.

“Spin-Off Transaction” means, collectively, the transactions which upon 
consummation thereof, will result in (a) PHRI holding directly or 
indirectly all or substantially all of the Ownership Business and (b) HGV 
Parent holding directly or indirectly all or substantially all of the 
Timeshare Business, and which will be completed by the distribution by 
Hilton Parent to its stockholders of shares of each of PHRI and HGV Parent 
on a pro rata basis, and all related transactions, including the Issuer 
Capitalization and the Financing Transactions, substantially on the terms 
described in the Offering Memorandum.

“Stockholders Agreement” means the Stockholders Agreement, to be dated on 
or prior to the Spin-Off Date, containing substantially the terms described 
in the Offering Memorandum, by and among Hilton Parent, HGV Parent, the 
Blackstone Entities (as defined therein) and the other parties thereto, as 
amended, supplemented, waived or otherwise modified from time to time in a 
manner not materially adverse to the Holders of the Notes when taken as a 
whole, as compared to the Stockholders Agreement as in effect immediately 
prior to such amendment, supplement, waiver or modification.

“Subordinated Indebtedness” means, with respect to the Notes,

(1) any Indebtedness of the Issuers which is by its terms subordinated in 
right of payment to the Notes, and

(2) any Indebtedness of any Guarantor which is by its terms subordinated in 
right of payment to the Guarantee of such entity of the Notes.

“Subsidiary” means, with respect to any Person:

(a) any corporation, association, or other business entity (other than a 
partnership, joint venture, limited liability company or similar entity) of 
which more than 50.0% of the total voting power of shares of Capital Stock 
entitled (without regard to the occurrence of any contingency) to vote in 
the election of directors, managers or trustees thereof is at the time of 
determination owned or controlled, directly or indirectly, by such Person 
or one or more of the other Subsidiaries of that Person or a combination 
thereof; and
 
-35-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(b) any partnership, joint venture, limited liability company or similar 
entity of which:

(i) more than 50.0% of the capital accounts, distribution rights, total 
equity and voting interests or general or limited partnership interests, as 
applicable, are owned or controlled, directly or indirectly, by such Person 
or one or more of the other Subsidiaries of that Person or a combination 
thereof whether in the form of membership, general, special or limited 
partnership or otherwise; and

(ii) such Person or any Restricted Subsidiary of such Person is a 
controlling general partner or otherwise controls such entity.

For the avoidance of doubt, any entity that is owned at a 50.0% or less 
level (as described above) shall not be a “Subsidiary” for any purpose 
under this Indenture, regardless of whether such entity is consolidated on 
the Issuer’s or any Restricted Subsidiary’s financial statements.

“Subsidiary Guarantor” means each Guarantor other than HGV Parent and HGV 
Intermediate Parent.

“Support and Services Agreement” means the management services or similar 
agreements between certain of the management companies associated with one 
or more of the Investors or their advisors, if applicable, and HGV Parent 
(and/or its direct or indirect parent companies), as in effect from time to 
time; provided that any management, monitoring, consulting and advisory 
fees payable in advance by HGV Parent (and/or its direct or indirect parent 
companies) and its Restricted Subsidiaries shall not exceed an amount equal 
to 2.0% of EBITDA for such fiscal year.

“Tax Matters Agreement” means the Tax Matters Agreement, to be dated on or 
prior to the Spin-Off Date, containing substantially the terms described in 
the Offering Memorandum, by and among Hilton Parent, PHRI and HGV Parent 
and the other parties thereto, as amended, supplemented, waived or 
otherwise modified from time to time in a manner not materially adverse to 
the Holders of the Notes when taken as a whole, as compared to the Tax 
Matters Agreement as in effect immediately prior to such amendment, 
supplement, waiver or modification.

“Timeshare Business” has the meaning assigned to such term in the 
Distribution Agreement.

“Timeshare Facility” means the Receivables Loan Agreement, dated as of May 
9, 2013, among Hilton Grand Vacations Trust I LLC, as borrower, Wells Fargo 
Bank, National Association, as paying agent and securities intermediary, 
the persons from time to time party thereto as conduit lenders, the 
financial institutions from time to time party thereto as committed 
lenders, the financial institutions from time to time party thereto as 
managing agents, and Deutsche Bank Securities Inc., as administrative agent 
and structuring agent, as amended or replaced.

“Timeshare Loans” means loans made by the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries 
to consumers in connection with their purchase of vacation ownership 
intervals from the Issuer or one of its Subsidiaries and evidenced by a 
promissory note secured by points earned under the Hilton Grand Vacations 
Club or similar customer loyalty and rewards programs or a fee simple 
interest in a residential unit.

“Total Assets” means the total assets of the Issuer and its Restricted 
Subsidiaries, determined on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP, 
as shown on the most recent balance sheet of the Issuer.

“Transaction Agreements” means, collectively, the Distribution Agreement, 
the Employee Matters Agreement, the License Agreement, the Stockholders 
Agreement, the Tax Matters Agreement, the Transition Services Agreement and 
each other instrument or agreement to be entered into in connection with, 
or as contemplated by, the Spin-Off Transaction.

“Transition Services Agreement” means the Master Transition Services 
Agreement, to be dated on or prior to the Spin-Off Date, containing 
substantially the terms described in the Offering Memorandum, by and among 
Hilton Parent, PHRI and HGV Parent, as amended, supplemented, waived or 
otherwise modified from time to time in a manner not materially adverse to 
the Holders of the Notes when taken as a whole, as compared to the 
Transition Services Agreement as in effect immediately prior to such 
amendment, supplement, waiver or modification.
 
-36-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
“Trust Indenture Act” means the Trust Indenture Act of 1939, as amended (15 
U.S.C. §§ 77aaa-77bbbb).

“Trustee” means Wilmington Trust, National Association, as trustee, until a 
successor replaces it in accordance with the applicable provisions of this 
Indenture and thereafter means the successor serving hereunder.

“Uniform Commercial Code” means the Uniform Commercial Code or any 
successor provision thereof as the same may from time to time be in effect 
in the State of New York.

“Unrestricted Definitive Note” means one or more Definitive Notes that do 
not bear and are not required to bear the Private Placement Legend.

“Unrestricted Global Note” means a permanent Global Note, substantially in 
the form of Exhibit A-2 hereto, bearing the Global Note Legend and that has 
the “Schedule of Exchanges of Interests in the Global Note” attached 
thereto, and that is deposited with or on behalf of and registered in the 
name of the Depositary, representing Notes that do not bear the Private 
Placement Legend.

“Unrestricted Securitization Subsidiaries” means, as of the date hereof, 
HGV Depositor LLC, Hilton Grand Vacations Trust I LLC, Hilton Grand 
Vacations Trust 2014-A and Hilton Grand Vacations Trust 2013-A and their 
direct or indirect subsidiaries.

“Unrestricted Subsidiary” means:

(a) any Unrestricted Securitization Subsidiary or any Subsidiary of the 
Issuer which at the time of determination is an Unrestricted Subsidiary (as 
designated by the Issuer, as provided below); and

(b) any Subsidiary of an Unrestricted Securitization Subsidiary entity or 
any other Unrestricted Subsidiary.

The Issuer may designate any Subsidiary of the Issuer other than the 
Co-Issuer (including any existing Subsidiary and any newly acquired or 
newly formed Subsidiary) to be an Unrestricted Subsidiary unless such 
Subsidiary or any of its Subsidiaries owns any Equity Interests or 
Indebtedness of, or owns or holds any Lien on, any property of, the Issuer 
or any Subsidiary of the Issuer (other than solely any Subsidiary of the 
Subsidiary to be so designated); provided that:

(i) any Unrestricted Subsidiary must be an entity of which the Equity 
Interests entitled to cast at least a majority of the votes that may be 
cast by all Equity Interests having ordinary voting power for the election 
of directors or Persons performing a similar function are owned, directly 
or indirectly, by the Issuer;

(ii) such designation complies with Section 4.07 hereof; and

(iii) each of (A) the Subsidiary to be so designated and (B) its 
Subsidiaries has not at the time of designation, and does not thereafter, 
create, incur, issue, assume, guarantee or otherwise become directly or 
indirectly liable with respect to any Indebtedness pursuant to which the 
lender has recourse to any of the assets of the Issuer or any Restricted 
Subsidiary, in each case, except any Permitted Intercompany Activities.

The Issuer may designate any Unrestricted Subsidiary to be a Restricted 
Subsidiary; provided that, immediately after giving effect to such 
designation, no Default shall have occurred and be continuing and either:

(a) the Issuer could incur at least $1.00 of additional Indebtedness 
pursuant to the Fixed Charge Coverage Test; or

(b) the Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio for the Issuer and its Restricted 
Subsidiaries would be equal to or greater than such ratio for the Issuer 
and its Restricted Subsidiaries immediately prior to such designation, in 
each case on a pro forma basis taking into account such designation.
 
-37-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Any such designation by the Issuer shall be notified by the Issuer to the 
Trustee by promptly filing with the Trustee a copy of the resolution of the 
Board of Directors of the Issuer or any committee thereof giving effect to 
such designation and an Officer’s Certificate certifying that such 
designation complied with the foregoing provisions.

“U.S. Dollar Equivalent” means with respect to any monetary amount in a 
currency other than U.S. dollars, at any time for determination thereof, 
the amount of U.S. dollars obtained by converting such foreign currency 
involved in such computation into U.S. dollars at the spot rate for the 
purchase of U.S. dollars with the applicable foreign currency as published 
in The Wall Street Journal in the “Exchange Rates” column under the heading 
“Currency Trading” on the date two business days prior to such 
determination.

“U.S. Government Securities” means securities that are:

(a) direct obligations of the United States of America for the timely 
payment of which its full faith and credit is pledged; or

(b) obligations of a Person controlled or supervised by and acting as an 
agency or instrumentality of the United States of America the timely 
payment of which is unconditionally guaranteed as a full faith and credit 
obligation by the United States of America,

which, in either case, are not callable or redeemable at the option of the 
issuers thereof, and shall also include a depository receipt issued by a 
bank (as defined in Section 3(a)(2) of the Securities Act), as custodian 
with respect to any such U.S. Government Securities or a specific payment 
of principal of or interest on any such U.S. Government Securities held by 
such custodian for the account of the holder of such depository receipt; 
provided that (except as required by law) such custodian is not authorized 
to make any deduction from the amount payable to the holder of such 
depository receipt from any amount received by the custodian in respect of 
the U.S. Government Securities or the specific payment of principal of or 
interest on the U.S. Government Securities evidenced by such depository 
receipt.

“U.S. Person” means a U.S. person as defined in Rule 902(k) under the 
Securities Act.

“Voting Stock” of any Person as of any date means the Capital Stock of such 
Person that is at the time entitled to vote in the election of the Board of 
Directors of such Person.

“Weighted Average Life to Maturity” means, when applied to any 
Indebtedness, Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock, as the case may be, at 
any date, the quotient obtained by dividing:

(a) the sum of the products of the number of years from the date of 
determination to the date of each successive scheduled principal payment of 
such Indebtedness or redemption or similar payment with respect to such 
Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock multiplied by the amount of such 
payment; by

(b) the sum of all such payments;

provided that for purposes of determining the Weighted Average Life to 
Maturity of any Indebtedness that is being extended, replaced, refunded, 
refinanced, renewed or defeased (the “Applicable Indebtedness”), the 
effects of any amortization or prepayments made on such Applicable 
Indebtedness prior to the date of the applicable extension, replacement, 
refunding, refinancing, renewal or defeasance shall be disregarded.

“Wholly Owned Subsidiary” of any Person means a Subsidiary of such Person, 
100.0% of the outstanding Equity Interests of which (other than directors’ 
qualifying shares and shares issued to foreign nationals as required by 
applicable law) shall at the time be owned by such Person and/or by one or 
more Wholly Owned Subsidiaries of such Person.
 
-38-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Section 1.02. Other Definitions.
 
Term
   	
Defined
in Section
“Acceptable Commitment” 	   	4.10
“Affiliate Transaction” 	   	4.11
“Applicable Indebtedness” 	   	1.01
“Applicable Premium Deficit” 	   	8.04
“Asset Sale Offer” 	   	4.10
“Authentication Order” 	   	2.02
“Change of Control Offer” 	   	4.14
“Change of Control Payment” 	   	4.14
“Change of Control Payment Date” 	   	4.14
“Code” 	   	2.06
“Covenant Defeasance” 	   	8.03
“Covenant Suspension Event” 	   	4.17(a)
“DTC” 	   	2.03
“ERISA” 	   	2.06
“equity incentives” 	   	1.01
“Event of Default” 	   	6.01
“Excess Proceeds” 	   	4.10
“Fixed Charge Coverage Test” 	   	4.07
“incur” and “incurrence” 	   	4.09
“Legal Defeasance” 	   	8.02
“Marketed Notes” 	   	9.07
“Note Register” 	   	2.03
“Offer Amount” 	   	3.08
“Offer Period” 	   	3.08
“Pari Passu Indebtedness” 	   	4.10
“Paying Agent” 	   	2.03
“PHRI Notes” 	   	Recitals
“Purchase Date” 	   	3.08
“Redemption Date” 	   	3.01
“Refinancing Indebtedness” 	   	4.09
“Refunding Capital Stock” 	   	4.07
“Registrar” 	   	2.03
“Reset Date” 	   	9.07
“Restricted Payments” 	   	4.07
“Reversion Date” 	   	4.17(b)
“Second Commitment” 	   	4.10
“Successor Company” 	   	5.01
“Successor Person” 	   	5.01
“Suspended Covenants” 	   	4.17(a)
“Suspension Period” 	   	4.17(b)
“Transfer Agent” 	   	2.03
“Treasury Capital Stock” 	   	4.07

Section 1.03. Incorporation by Reference of Trust Indenture Act. At all 
times after the effectiveness of a registration statement under the 
Registration Rights Agreement, this Indenture will be subject to the 
mandatory provisions of the Trust Indenture Act, which unless otherwise 
indicated are incorporated by reference in and made a part of this 
Indenture upon the effectiveness of any such registration statement. 
Whenever this Indenture refers to a provision of the Trust Indenture Act, 
the provision is incorporated by reference in and made a part of this 
Indenture.
 
-39-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
The following Trust Indenture Act terms if used in this Indenture have the 
following meanings:

“indenture securities” means the Notes and the Guarantees;

“indenture security Holder” means a Holder of a Note;

“indenture to be qualified” means this Indenture;

“indenture trustee” or “institutional trustee” means the Trustee; and 
“obligor” on the Notes and the Guarantees means the Issuers and the 
Guarantors, respectively, and any successor obligor upon the Notes and the 
Guarantees, respectively.

All other terms used in this Indenture that are defined by the Trust 
Indenture Act, defined by Trust Indenture Act reference to another statute 
or defined by SEC rule under the Trust Indenture Act have the meanings so 
assigned to them.

Section 1.04. Rules of Construction. Unless the context otherwise requires:

(a) a term has the meaning assigned to it;

(b) an accounting term not otherwise defined has the meaning assigned to it 
in accordance with GAAP;

(c) “or” is not exclusive;

(d) the words “including,” “includes” and similar words shall be deemed to 
be followed by “without limitation”;

(e) words in the singular include the plural, and in the plural include the 
singular;

(f) “shall” and “will” shall be interpreted to express a command;

(g) provisions apply to successive events and transactions;

(h) references to sections of, or rules under, the Securities Act or the 
Exchange Act shall be deemed to include substitute, replacement or 
successor sections or rules adopted by the SEC from time to time;

(i) unless the context otherwise requires, any reference to an “Article,” 
“Section” or “clause” refers to an Article, Section or clause, as the case 
may be, of this Indenture;

(j) the words “herein,” “hereof” and “hereunder” and other words of similar 
import refer to this Indenture as a whole and not any particular Article, 
Section, clause or other subdivision;

(k) the principal amount of any non-interest bearing or other discount 
security at any date shall be the principal amount thereof that would be 
shown on a balance sheet of the Issuer dated such date prepared in 
accordance with GAAP;

(l) words used herein implying any gender shall apply to both genders;

(m) in the computation of periods of time from a specified date to a later 
specified date, the word “from” means “from and including”; the words “to” 
and “until” each mean “to but excluding” and the word “through” means “to 
and including”;
 
-40-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(n) the principal amount of any Preferred Stock at any time shall be (i) 
the maximum liquidation value of such Preferred Stock at such time or (ii) 
the maximum mandatory redemption or mandatory repurchase price with respect 
to such Preferred Stock at such time, whichever is greater; and

(o) all references to any interest or other amount payable on or with 
respect to the Notes shall be deemed to include any Additional Interest.

Section 1.05. Acts of Holders.

(a) Any request, demand, authorization, direction, notice, consent, waiver 
or other action provided by this Indenture to be given or taken by Holders 
may be embodied in and evidenced by one or more instruments of 
substantially similar tenor signed by such Holders in person or by an agent 
duly appointed in writing. Except as herein otherwise expressly provided, 
such action shall become effective when such instrument or instruments are 
delivered to the Trustee and, where it is hereby expressly required, to the 
Issuers. Proof of execution of any such instrument or of a writing 
appointing any such agent, or the holding by any Person of a Note, shall be 
sufficient for any purpose of this Indenture and (subject to Section 7.01 
hereof) conclusive in favor of the Trustee and the Issuers, if made in the 
manner provided in this Section 1.05.

(b) The fact and date of the execution by any Person of any such instrument 
or writing may be proved by the affidavit of a witness of such execution or 
by the certificate of any notary public or other officer authorized by law 
to take acknowledgments of deeds, certifying that the individual signing 
such instrument or writing acknowledged to him the execution thereof. Where 
such execution is by or on behalf of any legal entity other than an 
individual, such certificate or affidavit shall also constitute proof of 
the authority of the Person executing the same. The fact and date of the 
execution of any such instrument or writing, or the authority of the Person 
executing the same, may also be proved in any other manner that the Trustee 
deems sufficient.

(c) The ownership of Notes shall be proved by the Note Register.

(d) Any request, demand, authorization, direction, notice, consent, waiver 
or other action by the Holder of any Note shall bind every future Holder of 
the same Note and the Holder of every Note issued upon the registration of 
transfer thereof or in exchange therefor or in lieu thereof, in respect of 
any action taken, suffered or omitted by the Trustee or the Issuers in 
reliance thereon, whether or not notation of such action is made upon such 
Note.

(e) The Issuers may, in the circumstances permitted by the Trust Indenture 
Act, set a record date for purposes of determining the identity of Holders 
entitled to give any request, demand, authorization, direction, notice, 
consent, waiver or take any other act, or to vote or consent to any action 
by vote or consent authorized or permitted to be given or taken by Holders. 
Unless otherwise specified, if not set by the Issuers prior to the first 
solicitation of a Holder made by any Person in respect of any such action, 
or in the case of any such vote, prior to such vote, any such record date 
shall be the later of 10 days prior to the first solicitation of such 
consent or, if the Trustee is not then also the Registrar, the date of the 
most recent list of Holders furnished to the Trustee prior to such 
solicitation.

(f) Without limiting the foregoing, a Holder entitled to take any action 
hereunder with regard to any particular Note may do so with regard to all 
or any part of the principal amount of such Note or by one or more duly 
appointed agents, each of which may do so pursuant to such appointment with 
regard to all or any part of such principal amount. Any notice given or 
action taken by a Holder or its agents with regard to different parts of 
such principal amount pursuant to this Section 1.05(f) shall have the same 
effect as if given or taken by separate Holders of each such different 
part.

(g) Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, a Holder, including 
DTC, that is a Holder of a Global Note, may make, give or take, by a proxy 
or proxies duly appointed in writing, any request, demand, authorization, 
direction, notice, consent, waiver or other action provided in this 
Indenture to be made, given or taken by Holders, and any Person, that is a 
Holder of a Global Note, including DTC, may provide its proxy or proxies to 
the beneficial owners of interests in any such Global Note through such 
Depositary’s standing instructions and customary practices.
 
-41-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(h) The Issuers may fix a record date for the purpose of determining the 
Persons who are beneficial owners of interests in any Global Note held by 
DTC entitled under the procedures of such Depositary to make, give or take, 
by a proxy or proxies duly appointed in writing, any request, demand, 
authorization, direction, notice, consent, waiver or other action provided 
in this Indenture to be made, given or taken by Holders. If such a record 
date is fixed, the Holders on such record date or their duly appointed 
proxy or proxies, and only such Persons, shall be entitled to make, give or 
take such request, demand, authorization, direction, notice, consent, 
waiver or other action, whether or not such Holders remain Holders after 
such record date. No such request, demand, authorization, direction, 
notice, consent, waiver or other action shall be valid or effective if 
made, given or taken more than 120 days after such record date.

Section 1.06. Timing of Payment. Notwithstanding anything herein to the 
contrary, if the date on which any payment is to be made pursuant to this 
Indenture or the Notes is not a Business Day, the payment otherwise payable 
on such date shall be payable on the next succeeding Business Day with the 
same force and effect as if made on such scheduled date and (provided such 
payment is made on such succeeding Business Day) no interest shall accrue 
on the amount of such payment from and after such scheduled date to the 
time of such payment on such next succeeding Business Day and the amount of 
any such payment that is an interest payment will reflect accrual only 
through the original payment date and not through the next succeeding 
Business Day.

Section 1.07. Co-Issuers. At any time at which the “Issuer,” as defined in 
Section 1.01 hereof, includes one or more co-issuers, each such issuer and 
co-issuer shall be jointly and severally liable for all obligations of the 
Issuer under or related to, or arising in connection with, this Indenture 
and the Notes, and any document to be executed by the “Issuer” hereunder 
during such time shall be executed by each such issuer and co-issuer.

Section 1.08. Financial Calculations for Limited Condition Acquisitions. 
For purposes of calculating the availability under any basket or ratio 
under this Indenture, in each case in connection with a Limited Condition 
Acquisition, the date of determination of any such basket or ratio under 
this Indenture and of any Default or Event of Default related thereto may, 
at the option of the Issuers, be the date the definitive agreements for 
such Limited Condition Acquisition are entered into, in which case such 
baskets or ratios shall be calculated with such pro forma adjustments as 
are appropriate and consistent with the pro forma adjustment provisions set 
forth in the definition of “Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio” in Section 1.01 
hereof after giving effect to such Limited Condition Acquisition and the 
other transactions to be entered into in connection therewith (including 
any incurrence of Indebtedness and the use of proceeds thereof) as if they 
occurred at the beginning of the applicable period for purposes of 
determining the ability to consummate any such Limited Condition 
Acquisition (and not for purposes of any subsequent availability of any 
basket or ratio). For the avoidance of doubt, (a) if any of such baskets or 
ratios are exceeded as a result of fluctuations in such basket or ratio 
(including due to fluctuations in EBITDA of the Issuers or the target 
company) subsequent to such date of determination and at or prior to the 
consummation of the relevant Limited Condition Acquisition, such baskets or 
ratios will not be deemed to have been exceeded as a result of such 
fluctuations for purposes of determining whether the Limited Condition 
Acquisition and related transactions are permitted under this Indenture and 
(b) such baskets or ratios shall not be tested at the time of consummation 
of such Limited Condition Acquisition or related transactions solely for 
purposes of determining whether such Limited Condition Acquisition is 
permitted under this Indenture; provided, however, that if the Issuers 
elect to have such determinations occur at the time of entry into such 
definitive agreement, any such transactions (including any incurrence of 
Indebtedness and the use of proceeds thereof) shall be deemed to have 
occurred on the date such definitive agreement is entered and shall be 
deemed to be outstanding thereafter for purposes of calculating any usage 
of baskets or ratios under this Indenture from and including the date of 
such definitive agreement and before the consummation of such Limited 
Condition Acquisition, unless and until such Limited Condition Acquisition 
has been abandoned or such definitive agreement has expired or been 
terminated prior to consummation thereof.


ARTICLE 2
THE NOTES

Section 2.01. Form and Dating; Terms.

(a) General. The PHRI Notes and the Trustee’s certificate of authentication 
relating to the PHRI Notes shall be substantially in the form of Exhibit 
A-1 hereto, and any other Notes and the Trustee’s certificate of 
authentication relating to such other Notes shall be substantially in the 
form of Exhibit A-2 hereto. No PHRI Notes
 
-42-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
shall be issued hereunder following the Reset Date. The Notes may have 
notations, legends or endorsements required by law, stock exchange rules or 
usage. Each Note shall be dated the date of its authentication. The Notes 
shall be issued in minimum denominations of $2,000 and any integral 
multiple of $1,000 in excess of $2,000.

(b) Global Notes. Notes issued in global form shall be substantially in the 
form of Exhibit A-2 hereto, including the Global Note Legend thereon and 
the “Schedule of Exchanges of Interests in the Global Note” attached 
thereto. Notes (other than the PHRI Notes) issued in definitive form shall 
be substantially in the form of Exhibit A-2 hereto, but without the Global 
Note Legend thereon and without the “Schedule of Exchanges of Interests in 
the Global Note” attached thereto. Each Global Note shall represent such of 
the outstanding Notes as shall be specified in the “Schedule of Exchanges 
of Interests in the Global Note” attached thereto and each shall provide 
that it shall represent up to the aggregate principal amount of Notes from 
time to time endorsed thereon and that the aggregate principal amount of 
outstanding Notes represented thereby may from time to time be reduced or 
increased, as applicable, to reflect exchanges and redemptions. Any 
endorsement of a Global Note to reflect the amount of any increase or 
decrease in the aggregate principal amount of outstanding Notes represented 
thereby shall be made by the Trustee or the Custodian, at the direction of 
the Trustee, in accordance with instructions given by the Holder thereof as 
required by Section 2.06 hereof.

(c) Temporary Global Notes. Notes offered and sold in reliance on 
Regulation S shall be issued initially in the form of the Regulation S 
Temporary Global Note, which shall be deposited on behalf of the purchasers 
of the Notes represented thereby with the Custodian and registered in the 
name of the Depositary or the nominee of the Depositary for the accounts of 
designated agents holding on behalf of Euroclear or Clearstream, duly 
executed by the Issuers and authenticated by the Trustee as hereinafter 
provided.

Following (i) the termination of the applicable Restricted Period and (ii) 
the receipt by the Trustee of (A) a certification or other evidence in a 
form reasonably acceptable to the Issuers together with copies of 
certificates from Euroclear and Clearstream certifying that they have 
received certifications of non-United States beneficial ownership of 100% 
of the aggregate principal amount of the Regulation S Temporary Global 
Note, to the extent the Depositary, Euroclear and Clearstream provide such 
certificates in the ordinary course of their business (except to the extent 
of any beneficial owners thereof who acquired an interest therein during 
the Restricted Period pursuant to another exemption from registration under 
the Securities Act and who shall take delivery of a beneficial ownership 
interest in a 144A Global Note bearing the Private Placement Legend, all as 
contemplated by Section 2.06(b) hereof) and (B) an Officer’s Certificate 
from the Issuers, the Trustee shall remove the Regulation S Temporary 
Global Note Legend from the Regulation S Temporary Global Note, following 
which temporary beneficial interests in the Regulation S Temporary Global 
Note shall automatically become beneficial interests in the Regulation S 
Permanent Global Note pursuant to the Applicable Procedures.

The aggregate principal amount of a Regulation S Temporary Global Note and 
a Regulation S Permanent Global Note may from time to time be increased or 
decreased by adjustments made on the records of the Trustee and the 
Depositary or its nominee, as the case may be, in connection with transfers 
of interest as hereinafter provided.

(d) Terms. The aggregate principal amount of Notes that may be 
authenticated and delivered under this Indenture is unlimited.

The terms and provisions contained in the Notes shall constitute, and are 
hereby expressly made, a part of this Indenture and the Issuers, the 
Guarantors from time to time party hereto and the Trustee, by their 
execution and delivery of this Indenture, expressly agree to such terms and 
provisions and to be bound thereby. However, to the extent any provision of 
any Note conflicts with the express provisions of this Indenture, the 
provisions of this Indenture shall govern and be controlling.

The Notes shall be subject to repurchase by the Issuers pursuant to an 
Asset Sale Offer as provided in Section 4.10 hereof or a Change of Control 
Offer as provided in Section 4.14 hereof. The Notes shall not be 
redeemable, other than as provided in Article 3 hereof.

Subject to compliance with Section 4.09 hereof, the Issuers may issue 
Additional Notes from time to time ranking pari passu with the Initial 
Notes without notice to or consent of the Holders, and such Additional 
Notes shall be consolidated with and form a single class with the Initial 
Notes and shall have the same terms as to status,
 
-43-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
redemption or otherwise as the Initial Notes, except that interest may 
accrue on the Additional Notes from their date of issuance (or such other 
date specified by the Issuers); provided that if any Additional Notes are 
not fungible with the Initial Notes for U.S. federal income tax purposes, 
such Additional Notes will have a separate CUSIP number. Any Additional 
Notes may be issued with the benefit of an indenture supplemental to this 
Indenture.

(e) Euroclear and Clearstream Applicable Procedures. The provisions of the 
“Operating Procedures of the Euroclear System” and “Terms and Conditions 
Governing Use of Euroclear” and the “General Terms and Conditions of 
Clearstream Banking” and “Customer Handbook” of Clearstream shall be 
applicable to transfers of beneficial interests in the Regulation S 
Temporary Global Note and the Regulation S Permanent Global Notes that are 
held by Participants through Euroclear or Clearstream.

Section 2.02. Execution and Authentication. At least one Officer of each of 
the Issuer and the Co-Issuer shall execute the Notes on behalf of the 
Issuer and the Co-Issuer, as applicable, by manual, facsimile or electronic 
(including “.pdf”) signature.

If an Officer of the Issuer or the Co-Issuer whose signature is on a Note 
no longer holds that office at the time the Trustee authenticates the Note, 
the Note shall nevertheless be valid.

A Note shall not be entitled to any benefit under this Indenture or be 
valid or obligatory for any purpose until authenticated substantially in 
the form of Exhibit A-1 hereto, in the case of the PHRI Notes, or in the 
form of Exhibit A-2 hereto, in the case of any other Notes, by the manual 
signature of the Trustee. The signature shall be conclusive evidence that 
the Note has been duly authenticated and delivered under this Indenture.

On the Issue Date, the Trustee shall, upon receipt of an Issuers’ Order (an 
“Authentication Order”), authenticate and deliver the Initial Notes in the 
aggregate principal amount or amounts specified in such Authentication 
Order. In addition, at any time, from time to time, the Trustee shall, upon 
receipt of an Authentication Order, authenticate and deliver any Additional 
Notes or Exchange Notes for an aggregate principal amount specified in such 
Authentication Order for such Additional Notes or Exchange Notes issued or 
increased hereunder.

The Trustee may appoint an authenticating agent acceptable to the Issuers 
to authenticate Notes. An authenticating agent may authenticate Notes 
whenever the Trustee may do so. Each reference in this Indenture to 
authentication by the Trustee includes authentication by such agent. An 
authenticating agent has the same rights as an Agent to deal with Holders 
or an Affiliate of the Issuers.

Section 2.03. Registrar, Transfer Agent and Paying Agent. The Issuers shall 
maintain (i) an office or agency where Notes may be presented for 
registration (the “Registrar”), which shall be Wilmington Trust, National 
Association as of the date of this Indenture, (ii) an office or agency 
where the Notes may be presented for transfer or for exchange (the “
Transfer Agent”), which shall be Wilmington Trust, National Association as 
of the date of this Indenture and (iii) an office or agency where Notes may 
be presented for payment (the “Paying Agent”), which shall be Wilmington 
Trust, National Association as of the date of this Indenture. The Registrar 
shall keep a register of the Notes (“Note Register”) and of their transfer 
and exchange. The registered Holder of a Note will be treated as the owner 
of such Note for all purposes and only registered Holders shall have rights 
under this Indenture and the Notes. The Issuers may appoint one or more 
co-registrars, one or more co-transfer agents and one or more additional 
paying agents. The term “Registrar” includes any co-registrar, the term “
Transfer Agent” includes any co-transfer agent and the term “Paying Agent” 
includes any additional paying agents. The Issuers may change any Paying 
Agent, Transfer Agent or Registrar without prior notice to any Holder. The 
Issuers shall notify the Trustee in writing of the name and address of any 
Agent not a party to this Indenture. If the Issuers fail to appoint or 
maintain another entity as Registrar, Transfer Agent or Paying Agent, the 
Trustee shall act as such. Either Issuer or any of its respective 
Subsidiaries may act as Paying Agent, Transfer Agent or Registrar upon 
written notice to the Trustee.

The Issuers initially appoint The Depository Trust Company, its nominees 
and successors (“DTC”) to act as Depositary with respect to any Global 
Notes.
 
-44-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
The Issuers initially appoint the Trustee to act as the Paying Agent, 
Transfer Agent and Registrar for the Notes and to act as Custodian with 
respect to the Notes and any Global Notes.

If any Notes are listed on an exchange and the rules of such exchange so 
require, the Issuers will satisfy any requirement of such exchange as to 
paying agents, registrars and transfer agents and will comply with any 
notice requirements required under such exchange in connection with any 
change of paying agent, registrar or transfer agent.

Section 2.04. Paying Agent to Hold Money in Trust. The Issuers shall 
require each Paying Agent other than the Trustee to agree in writing that 
the Paying Agent shall hold in trust for the benefit of Holders or the 
Trustee all money held by the Paying Agent for the payment of principal, 
premium, if any, interest or Additional Interest, if any, on the Notes, and 
will notify the Trustee in writing of any default by the Issuers in making 
any such payment. While any such default continues, the Trustee may require 
a Paying Agent (other than the Trustee) to pay all money held by it to the 
Trustee. The Issuers at any time may require a Paying Agent (other than the 
Trustee) to pay all money held by it to the Trustee. Upon payment over to 
the Trustee, the Paying Agent (if other than the Issuer or a Subsidiary or 
the Trustee) shall have no further liability for the money. If the Issuer 
or a Subsidiary acts as Paying Agent, it shall segregate and hold in a 
separate trust fund for the benefit of the Holders all money held by it as 
Paying Agent. Upon any bankruptcy or reorganization proceedings relating to 
the Issuer or the Co-Issuer, the Trustee shall serve as Paying Agent for 
the Notes.

Section 2.05. Holder Lists. The Trustee shall preserve in as current a form 
as is reasonably practicable the most recent list available to it of the 
names and addresses of all Holders and shall otherwise comply with Section 
312(a) of the Trust Indenture Act. If the Trustee is not the Registrar, the 
Issuers shall furnish to the Trustee at least two Business Days before each 
Interest Payment Date (other than the Initial Interest Payment Date) and at 
such other times as the Trustee may request in writing, a list in such form 
and as of such date as the Trustee may reasonably require of the names and 
addresses of the Holders and the Issuers shall otherwise comply with 
Section 312(a) of the Trust Indenture Act.

Section 2.06. Transfer and Exchange.

(a) Transfer and Exchange of Global Notes. Except as otherwise set forth in 
this Section 2.06, a Global Note may be transferred, in whole and not in 
part, only to another nominee of the Depositary or to a successor thereto 
or a nominee of such successor thereto. A beneficial interest in a Global 
Note may not be exchanged for a Definitive Note unless, and, if applicable, 
subject to the limitation on issuance of Definitive Notes set forth in 
Section 2.06(c)(ii), (i) the Depositary (x) notifies the Issuers that it is 
unwilling or unable to continue as Depositary for such Global Note or (y) 
has ceased to be a clearing agency registered under the Exchange Act, and, 
in either case, a successor Depositary is not appointed by the Issuers 
within 120 days, (ii) the Issuers, at their option, notify the Trustee in 
writing that they elect to cause the issuance of Definitive Notes (although 
Regulation S Temporary Global Notes may not be exchanged for Definitive 
Notes prior to (A) the expiration of the applicable Restricted Period and 
(B) the receipt by the Registrar of any certification of beneficial 
ownership required pursuant to Rule 903(b)(3)(ii)(B)), (iii) upon the 
request of a Holder if there shall have occurred and be continuing an Event 
of Default with respect to the Notes, or (iv) the Trustee has received a 
written request by or on behalf of the Depositary to issue Definitive 
Notes. Upon the occurrence of any of the events described in clause (i), 
(ii), (iii) or (iv) above, Definitive Notes delivered in exchange for any 
Global Note or beneficial interests therein will be registered in the 
names, and issued in any approved denominations, requested by or on behalf 
of the Depositary (in accordance with its customary procedures). Global 
Notes also may be exchanged or replaced, in whole or in part, as provided 
in Sections 2.07 and 2.10 hereof. Every Note authenticated and delivered in 
exchange for, or in lieu of, a Global Note or any portion thereof, pursuant 
to this Section 2.06 or Sections 2.07 or 2.10 hereof, shall be 
authenticated and delivered in the form of, and shall be, a Global Note, 
except for Definitive Notes issued subsequent to any of the events 
described in clause (i), (ii), (iii) or (iv) above and pursuant to Section 
2.06(c) hereof. A Global Note may not be exchanged for another Note other 
than as provided in this Section 2.06(a); provided, however, beneficial 
interests in a Global Note may be transferred and exchanged as provided in 
Section 2.06(b), (c) or (f) hereof.

(b) Transfer and Exchange of Beneficial Interests in the Global Notes. The 
transfer and exchange of beneficial interests in the Global Notes shall be 
effected through the Depositary in accordance with the provisions of this 
Indenture and the Applicable Procedures. Beneficial interests in the 
Restricted Global Notes shall be subject to
 
-45-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
restrictions on transfer comparable to those set forth herein to the extent 
required by the Securities Act. Transfers of beneficial interests in the 
Global Notes also shall require compliance with either subparagraph (i) or 
(ii) below, as applicable, as well as one or more of the other following 
subparagraphs, as applicable:

(i) Transfer of Beneficial Interests in the Same Global Note. Beneficial 
interests in any Restricted Global Note may be transferred to Persons who 
take delivery thereof in the form of a beneficial interest in the same 
Restricted Global Note in accordance with the transfer restrictions set 
forth in the Private Placement Legend; provided that prior to the 
expiration of the Restricted Period, transfers of beneficial interests in 
the Regulation S Temporary Global Note may not be made to a U.S. Person or 
for the account or benefit of a U.S. Person other than pursuant to Rule 
144A. Beneficial interests in any Unrestricted Global Note may be 
transferred to Persons who take delivery thereof in the form of a 
beneficial interest in an Unrestricted Global Note. No written orders or 
instructions shall be required to be delivered to the Registrar to effect 
the transfers described in this Section 2.06(b)(i).

(ii) All Other Transfers and Exchanges of Beneficial Interests in Global 
Notes. In connection with all transfers and exchanges of beneficial 
interests that are not subject to Section 2.06(b)(i) hereof, the transferor 
of such beneficial interest must deliver to the Registrar either (A) (1) a 
written order from a Participant or an Indirect Participant given to the 
Depositary in accordance with the Applicable Procedures directing the 
Depositary to credit or cause to be credited a beneficial interest in 
another Global Note in an amount equal to the beneficial interest to be 
transferred or exchanged and (2) instructions given in accordance with the 
Applicable Procedures containing information regarding the Participant 
account to be credited with such increase or (B) (1) a written order from a 
Participant or an Indirect Participant given to the Depositary in 
accordance with the Applicable Procedures directing the Depositary to cause 
to be issued a Definitive Note in an amount equal to the beneficial 
interest to be transferred or exchanged and (2) instructions given by the 
Depositary to the Registrar containing information regarding the Person in 
whose name such Definitive Note shall be registered to effect the transfer 
or exchange referred to in (1) above; provided that in no event shall 
Definitive Notes be issued upon the transfer or exchange of beneficial 
interests in a Regulation S Temporary Global Note prior to (x) the 
expiration of the applicable Restricted Period therefor and (y) the receipt 
by the Registrar of any certification of beneficial ownership required 
pursuant to Rule 903(b)(3)(ii)(B). Upon consummation of an Exchange Offer 
by the Issuers in accordance with Section 2.06(f) hereof, the requirements 
of this Section 2.06(b)(ii) shall be deemed to have been satisfied upon 
receipt by the Registrar of the instructions contained in the applicable 
Letter of Transmittal or through an Agent’s Message delivered by the Holder 
of such beneficial interests in the Restricted Global Notes. Upon 
satisfaction of all of the requirements for transfer or exchange of 
beneficial interests in Global Notes contained in this Indenture and the 
Notes or otherwise applicable under the Securities Act, the Trustee shall 
adjust the principal amount of the relevant Global Note(s) pursuant to 
Section 2.06(h) hereof.

(iii) Transfer of Beneficial Interests to Another Restricted Global Note. A 
beneficial interest in any Restricted Global Note may be transferred to a 
Person who takes delivery thereof in the form of a beneficial interest in 
another Restricted Global Note if the transfer complies with the 
requirements of Section 2.06(b)(ii) hereof and the Registrar receives the 
following:

(A) if the transferee will take delivery in the form of a beneficial 
interest in a 144A Global Note, then the transferor must deliver a 
certificate in the form of Exhibit B hereto, including the certifications 
in item (1) thereof; or

(B) if the transferee will take delivery in the form of a beneficial 
interest in a Regulation S Global Note, then the transferor must deliver a 
certificate in the form of Exhibit B hereto, including the certifications 
in item (2) thereof.

(iv) Transfer and Exchange of Beneficial Interests in a Restricted Global 
Note for Beneficial Interests in an Unrestricted Global Note. A beneficial 
interest in any Restricted Global Note may be exchanged by any holder 
thereof for a beneficial interest in an Unrestricted Global Note or 
transferred to a Person who takes delivery thereof in the form of a 
beneficial interest in an Unrestricted Global Note if the exchange or 
transfer complies with the requirements of Section 2.06(b)(ii) hereof and:

(A) such exchange or transfer is effected pursuant to an Exchange Offer in 
accordance with the Registration Rights Agreement and the holder of the 
beneficial interest to be transferred, in the case of an exchange, or the 
transferee, in the case of a transfer, certifies in the applicable Letter 
of Transmittal that it is not (1) a Participating Broker-Dealer, (2) a 
Person participating in the distribution of the Exchange Notes or (3) a 
Person who is an affiliate (as defined in Rule 144) of the Issuer or the 
Co-Issuer;
 
-46-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(B) such Notes are sold or exchanged pursuant to an effective registration 
statement under the Securities Act;

(C) such transfer is effected by a Participating Broker-Dealer pursuant to 
an Exchange Offer Registration Statement in accordance with the 
Registration Rights Agreement; or

(D) the Registrar receives the following:

(1) if the holder of such beneficial interest in a Restricted Global Note 
proposes to exchange such beneficial interest for a beneficial interest in 
an Unrestricted Global Note, a certificate from such Holder substantially 
in the form of Exhibit C hereto, including the certifications in item 
(1)(a) thereof; or

(2) if the holder of such beneficial interest in a Restricted Global Note 
proposes to transfer such beneficial interest to a Person who shall take 
delivery thereof in the form of a beneficial interest in an Unrestricted 
Global Note, a certificate from such holder in the form of Exhibit B 
hereto, including the certifications in item (4) thereof;

and, in each such case set forth in this subparagraph (D), if the Issuers 
so request or if the Applicable Procedures so require, an Opinion of 
Counsel in form reasonably acceptable to the Issuers to the effect that 
such exchange or transfer is in compliance with the Securities Act and that 
the restrictions on transfer contained herein and in the Private Placement 
Legend are no longer required in order to maintain compliance with the 
Securities Act.

If any such transfer is effected pursuant to subparagraph (B) or (D) above 
at a time when an Unrestricted Global Note has not yet been issued, the 
Issuers shall issue and, upon receipt of an Authentication Order in 
accordance with Section 2.02 hereof, the Trustee shall authenticate one or 
more Unrestricted Global Notes in an aggregate principal amount equal to 
the aggregate principal amount of beneficial interests transferred pursuant 
to subparagraph (B) or (D) above.

Beneficial interests in an Unrestricted Global Note cannot be exchanged 
for, or transferred to Persons who take delivery thereof in the form of, a 
beneficial interest in a Restricted Global Note.

(c) Transfer or Exchange of Beneficial Interests for Definitive Notes.

(i) Beneficial Interests in Restricted Global Notes to Restricted 
Definitive Notes. If any holder of a beneficial interest in a Restricted 
Global Note proposes to exchange such beneficial interest for a Restricted 
Definitive Note or to transfer such beneficial interest to a Person who 
takes delivery thereof in the form of a Restricted Definitive Note, then, 
upon the occurrence of any of the events described in clause (i), (ii), 
(iii) or (iv) of Section 2.06(a) hereof and receipt by the Registrar of the 
following documentation:

(A) if the holder of such beneficial interest in a Restricted Global Note 
proposes to exchange such beneficial interest for a Restricted Definitive 
Note, a certificate from such holder substantially in the form of Exhibit C 
hereto, including the certifications in item (2)(a) thereof;

(B) if such beneficial interest is being transferred to a QIB in accordance 
with Rule 144A, a certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit B 
hereto, including the certifications in item (1) thereof;
 
-47-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(C) if such beneficial interest is being transferred to a Non-U.S. Person 
in an offshore transaction in accordance with Rule 903 or Rule 904, a 
certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit B hereto, including the 
certifications in item (2) thereof;

(D) if such beneficial interest is being transferred pursuant to an 
exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act in 
accordance with Rule 144, a certificate substantially in the form of 
Exhibit B hereto, including the certifications in item (3)(a) thereof;

(E) if such beneficial interest is being transferred to the Issuer, the 
Co-Issuer or any of their Subsidiaries, a certificate substantially in the 
form of Exhibit B hereto, including the certifications in item (3)(b) 
thereof; or

(F) if such beneficial interest is being transferred pursuant to an 
effective registration statement under the Securities Act, a certificate 
substantially in the form of Exhibit B hereto, including the certifications 
in item (3)(c) thereof,

the Trustee shall cause the aggregate principal amount of the applicable 
Global Note to be reduced accordingly pursuant to Section 2.06(h) hereof, 
and the Issuers shall execute and, upon receipt of an Authentication Order, 
the Trustee shall authenticate and mail to the Person designated in the 
instructions a Definitive Note in the applicable principal amount. Any 
Definitive Note issued in exchange for a beneficial interest in a 
Restricted Global Note pursuant to this Section 2.06(c) shall be registered 
in such name or names and in such authorized denomination or denominations 
as the holder of such beneficial interest shall instruct the Registrar 
through instructions from the Depositary and the Participant or Indirect 
Participant. The Trustee shall mail such Definitive Notes to the Persons in 
whose names such Notes are so registered. Any Definitive Note issued in 
exchange for a beneficial interest in a Restricted Global Note pursuant to 
this Section 2.06(c)(i) (except transfers pursuant to clause (F) above) 
shall bear the Private Placement Legend and shall be subject to all 
restrictions on transfer contained therein.

(ii) Beneficial Interests in Regulation S Temporary Global Note to 
Definitive Notes. Notwithstanding Sections 2.06(c)(i)(A) and (C) hereof, a 
beneficial interest in the Regulation S Temporary Global Note may not be 
exchanged for a Definitive Note or transferred to a Person who takes 
delivery thereof in the form of a Definitive Note prior to (A) the 
expiration of the applicable Restricted Period therefor and (B) the receipt 
by the Registrar of any certifications of beneficial ownership required 
pursuant to Rule 903(b)(3)(ii)(B) of the Securities Act, except in the case 
of a transfer pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements 
of the Securities Act other than Rule 903 or Rule 904.

(iii) Beneficial Interests in Restricted Global Notes to Unrestricted 
Definitive Notes. A holder of a beneficial interest in a Restricted Global 
Note may exchange such beneficial interest for an Unrestricted Definitive 
Note or may transfer such beneficial interest to a Person who takes 
delivery thereof in the form of an Unrestricted Definitive Note only upon 
the occurrence of any of the events described in clause (i), (ii), (iii) or 
(iv) of Section 2.06(a) hereof and if:

(A) such exchange or transfer is effected pursuant to an Exchange Offer in 
accordance with the Registration Rights Agreement and the holder of such 
beneficial interest, in the case of an exchange, or the transferee, in the 
case of a transfer, certifies in the applicable Letter of Transmittal that 
it is not (1) a Participating Broker-Dealer, (2) a Person participating in 
the distribution of the Exchange Notes or (3) a Person who is an affiliate 
(as defined in Rule 144) of the Issuer or the Co-Issuer;

(B) such transfer is effected pursuant to a Shelf Registration Statement in 
accordance with the Registration Rights Agreement;

(C) such transfer is effected by a Participating Broker-Dealer pursuant to 
an Exchange Offer Registration Statement in accordance with the 
Registration Rights Agreement; or
 
-48-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(D) the Registrar receives the following:

(1) if the holder of such beneficial interest in a Restricted Global Note 
proposes to exchange such beneficial interest for an Unrestricted 
Definitive Note, a certificate from such holder substantially in the form 
of Exhibit C hereto, including the certifications in item (1)(b) thereof; 
or

(2) if the holder of such beneficial interest in a Restricted Global Note 
proposes to transfer such beneficial interest to a Person who shall take 
delivery thereof in the form of an Unrestricted Definitive Note, a 
certificate from such holder substantially in the form of Exhibit B hereto, 
including the certifications in item (4) thereof;

and, in each such case set forth in this subparagraph (D), if the Issuers 
so request or if the Applicable Procedures so require, an Opinion of 
Counsel in form reasonably acceptable to the Issuers to the effect that 
such exchange or transfer is in compliance with the Securities Act and that 
the restrictions on transfer contained herein and in the Private Placement 
Legend are no longer required in order to maintain compliance with the 
Securities Act.

(iv) Beneficial Interests in Unrestricted Global Notes to Unrestricted 
Definitive Notes. If any holder of a beneficial interest in an Unrestricted 
Global Note proposes to exchange such beneficial interest for a Definitive 
Note or to transfer such beneficial interest to a Person who takes delivery 
thereof in the form of a Definitive Note, then, upon the occurrence of any 
of the events described in clause (i), (ii), (iii) or (iv) of Section 
2.06(a) hereof and satisfaction of the conditions set forth in Section 
2.06(b)(ii) hereof, the Trustee shall cause the aggregate principal amount 
of the applicable Global Note to be reduced accordingly pursuant to Section 
2.06(h) hereof, and the Issuers shall execute and, upon receipt of an 
Authentication Order, the Trustee shall authenticate and mail to the Person 
designated in the instructions a Definitive Note in the applicable 
principal amount. Any Definitive Note issued in exchange for a beneficial 
interest pursuant to this Section 2.06(c)(iv) shall be registered in such 
name or names and in such authorized denomination or denominations as the 
holder of such beneficial interest shall instruct the Registrar through 
instructions from or through the Depositary and the Participant or Indirect 
Participant. The Trustee shall mail such Definitive Notes to the Persons in 
whose names such Notes are so registered. Any Definitive Note issued in 
exchange for a beneficial interest pursuant to this Section 2.06(c)(iv) 
shall not bear the Private Placement Legend.

(d) Transfer and Exchange of Definitive Notes for Beneficial Interests.

(i) Restricted Definitive Notes to Beneficial Interests in Restricted 
Global Notes. If any Holder of a Restricted Definitive Note proposes to 
exchange such Note for a beneficial interest in a Restricted Global Note or 
to transfer such Restricted Definitive Note to a Person who takes delivery 
thereof in the form of a beneficial interest in a Restricted Global Note, 
then, upon receipt by the Registrar of the following documentation:

(A) if the Holder of such Restricted Definitive Note proposes to exchange 
such Note for a beneficial interest in a Restricted Global Note, a 
certificate from such Holder substantially in the form of Exhibit C hereto, 
including the certifications in item (2)(b) thereof;

(B) if such Restricted Definitive Note is being transferred to a QIB in 
accordance with Rule 144A, a certificate substantially in the form of 
Exhibit B hereto, including the certifications in item (1) thereof;

(C) if such Restricted Definitive Note is being transferred to a Non-U.S. 
Person in an offshore transaction in accordance with Rule 903 or Rule 904, 
a certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit B hereto, including the 
certifications in item (2) thereof;

(D) if such Restricted Definitive Note is being transferred pursuant to an 
exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act in 
accordance with Rule 144, a certificate substantially in the form of 
Exhibit B hereto, including the certifications in item (3)(a) thereof;
 
-49-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(E) if such Restricted Definitive Note is being transferred to the Issuer, 
the Co-Issuer or any of their Subsidiaries, a certificate substantially in 
the form of Exhibit B hereto, including the certifications in item (3)(b) 
thereof; or

(F) if such Restricted Definitive Note is being transferred pursuant to an 
effective registration statement under the Securities Act, a certificate 
substantially in the form of Exhibit B hereto, including the certifications 
in item (3)(c) thereof,

the Trustee shall cancel the Restricted Definitive Note and increase or 
cause to be increased the aggregate principal amount of, in the case of 
clause (A) above, the applicable Restricted Global Note, in the case of 
clause (B) above, the applicable 144A Global Note, and in the case of 
clause (C) above, the applicable Regulation S Global Note.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, exchanges of the Definitive Notes by the 
Initial Purchasers or PHRI on or prior to the Reset Date for beneficial 
interests in one or more Restricted Global Notes shall not require the 
delivery of the certifications referred to in clauses (A) through (F) 
above.

(ii) Restricted Definitive Notes to Beneficial Interests in Unrestricted 
Global Notes. A Holder of a Restricted Definitive Note may exchange such 
Note for a beneficial interest in an Unrestricted Global Note or transfer 
such Restricted Definitive Note to a Person who takes delivery thereof in 
the form of a beneficial interest in an Unrestricted Global Note only if:

(A) such exchange or transfer is effected pursuant to an Exchange Offer in 
accordance with the Registration Rights Agreement and the Holder, in the 
case of an exchange, or the transferee, in the case of a transfer, 
certifies in the applicable Letter of Transmittal that it is not (1) a 
Participating Broker-Dealer, (2) a Person participating in the distribution 
of the Exchange Notes or (3) a Person who is an affiliate (as defined in 
Rule 144) of the Issuer or the Co-Issuer;

(B) such transfer is effected pursuant to a Shelf Registration Statement in 
accordance with the Registration Rights Agreement;

(C) such transfer is effected by a Participating Broker-Dealer pursuant to 
an Exchange Offer Registration Statement in accordance with the 
Registration Rights Agreement; or

(D) the Registrar receives the following:

(1) if the Holder of such Definitive Notes proposes to exchange such Notes 
for a beneficial interest in the Unrestricted Global Note, a certificate 
from such Holder substantially in the form of Exhibit C hereto, including 
the certifications in item (1)(c) thereof; or

(2) if the Holder of such Definitive Notes proposes to transfer such Notes 
to a Person who shall take delivery thereof in the form of a beneficial 
interest in the Unrestricted Global Note, a certificate from such Holder 
substantially in the form of Exhibit B hereto, including the certifications 
in item (4) thereof;

and, in each such case set forth in this subparagraph (D), if the Issuers 
so request or if the Applicable Procedures so require, an Opinion of 
Counsel in form reasonably acceptable to the Issuers to the effect that 
such exchange or transfer is in compliance with the Securities Act and that 
the restrictions on transfer contained herein and in the Private Placement 
Legend are no longer required in order to maintain compliance with the 
Securities Act.

Upon satisfaction of the applicable conditions of this Section 2.06(d)(ii), 
the Trustee shall cancel the Restricted Definitive Note and increase or 
cause to be increased the aggregate principal amount of the Unrestricted 
Global Note.

(iii) Unrestricted Definitive Notes to Beneficial Interests in Unrestricted 
Global Notes. A Holder of an Unrestricted Definitive Note may exchange such 
Note for a beneficial interest in an Unrestricted Global Note or
 
-50-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
transfer such Definitive Notes to a Person who takes delivery thereof in 
the form of a beneficial interest in an Unrestricted Global Note at any 
time. Upon receipt of a request for such an exchange or transfer, the 
Trustee shall cancel the applicable Unrestricted Definitive Note and 
increase or cause to be increased the aggregate principal amount of one of 
the Unrestricted Global Notes.

If any such exchange or transfer from a Definitive Note to a beneficial 
interest is effected pursuant to subparagraph (ii)(B), (ii)(D) or (iii) 
above at a time when an Unrestricted Global Note has not yet been issued, 
the Issuers shall issue and, upon receipt of an Authentication Order in 
accordance with Section 2.02 hereof, the Trustee shall authenticate one or 
more Unrestricted Global Notes in an aggregate principal amount equal to 
the principal amount of Definitive Notes so transferred.

(e) Transfer and Exchange of Definitive Notes for Definitive Notes. Upon 
request by a Holder of Definitive Notes and such Holder’s compliance with 
the provisions of this Section 2.06(e), the Registrar shall register the 
transfer or exchange of Definitive Notes. Prior to such registration of 
transfer or exchange, the requesting Holder shall present or surrender to 
the Registrar the Definitive Notes duly endorsed or accompanied by a 
written instruction of transfer or exchange in form satisfactory to the 
Registrar duly executed by such Holder or by its attorney, duly authorized 
in writing. In addition, the requesting Holder shall provide any additional 
certifications, documents and information, as applicable, required pursuant 
to the following provisions of this Section 2.06(e):

(i) Restricted Definitive Notes to Restricted Definitive Notes. Any 
Restricted Definitive Note may be transferred to and registered in the name 
of Persons who take delivery thereof in the form of a Restricted Definitive 
Note if the Registrar receives the following:

(A) if the transfer will be made to a QIB in accordance with Rule 144A, 
then the transferor must deliver a certificate substantially in the form of 
Exhibit B hereto, including the certifications in item (1) thereof;

(B) if the transfer will be made pursuant to Rule 903 or Rule 904, then the 
transferor must deliver a certificate in the form of Exhibit B hereto, 
including the certifications in item (2) thereof; or

(C) if the transfer will be made pursuant to any other exemption from the 
registration requirements of the Securities Act, then the transferor must 
deliver a certificate in the form of Exhibit B hereto, including the 
certifications required by item (3) thereof, if applicable.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, transfers of the Definitive Notes to the 
Selling Noteholders or the Initial Purchasers, in each case on or prior to 
the Reset Date, shall not require the delivery of the certifications 
referred to in clause (A) through (C) above.

(ii) Restricted Definitive Notes to Unrestricted Definitive Notes. Any 
Restricted Definitive Note may be exchanged by the Holder thereof for an 
Unrestricted Definitive Note or transferred to a Person or Persons who take 
delivery thereof in the form of an Unrestricted Definitive Note if:

(A) such exchange or transfer is effected pursuant to an Exchange Offer in 
accordance with the Registration Rights Agreement and the Holder, in the 
case of an exchange, or the transferee, in the case of a transfer, 
certifies in the applicable Letter of Transmittal that it is not (1) a 
Participating Broker-Dealer, (2) a Person participating in the distribution 
of the Exchange Notes or (3) a Person who is an affiliate (as defined in 
Rule 144) of the Issuer or the Co-Issuer;

(B) any such transfer is effected pursuant to a Shelf Registration 
Statement in accordance with the Registration Rights Agreement;

(C) any such transfer is effected by a Participating Broker-Dealer pursuant 
to an Exchange Offer Registration Statement in accordance with the 
Registration Rights Agreement; or
 
-51-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(D) the Registrar receives the following:

(1) if the Holder of such Restricted Definitive Notes proposes to exchange 
such Notes for an Unrestricted Definitive Note, a certificate from such 
Holder substantially in the form of Exhibit C hereto, including the 
certifications in item (1)(d) thereof; or

(2) if the Holder of such Restricted Definitive Notes proposes to transfer 
such Notes to a Person who shall take delivery thereof in the form of an 
Unrestricted Definitive Note, a certificate from such Holder substantially 
in the form of Exhibit B hereto, including the certifications in item (4) 
thereof;

and, in each such case set forth in this subparagraph (D), if the Issuers 
so request, an Opinion of Counsel in form reasonably acceptable to the 
Issuers to the effect that such exchange or transfer is in compliance with 
the Securities Act and that the restrictions on transfer contained herein 
and in the Private Placement Legend are no longer required in order to 
maintain compliance with the Securities Act.

(iii) Unrestricted Definitive Notes to Unrestricted Definitive Notes. A 
Holder of Unrestricted Definitive Notes may transfer such Notes to a Person 
who takes delivery thereof in the form of an Unrestricted Definitive Note. 
Upon receipt of a request to register such a transfer, the Registrar shall 
register the Unrestricted Definitive Notes pursuant to the instructions 
from the Holder thereof.

(f) Exchange Offer. Upon the occurrence of an Exchange Offer in accordance 
with the Registration Rights Agreement, the Issuers shall issue and, upon 
receipt of an Authentication Order in accordance with Section 2.02 hereof, 
the Trustee shall authenticate (i) one or more Unrestricted Global Notes in 
an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal amount of the 
beneficial interests in the Restricted Global Notes tendered for acceptance 
by Persons that certify in the applicable Letters of Transmittal or through 
an Agent’s Message through the DTC Automated Tender Offer Program that (x) 
they are not participating in a distribution of the Exchange Notes and (y) 
they are not affiliates (as defined in Rule 144) of the Issuer or the 
Co-Issuer, and accepted for exchange in an Exchange Offer and (ii) 
Unrestricted Definitive Notes in an aggregate principal amount equal to the 
principal amount of the Restricted Definitive Notes tendered for acceptance 
by Persons that certify in the applicable Letters of Transmittal that (x) 
they are not participating in a distribution of the Exchange Notes and (y) 
they are not affiliates (as defined in Rule 144) of the Issuer or the 
Co-Issuer, and accepted for exchange in an Exchange Offer. Concurrently 
with the issuance of such Notes, the Trustee shall cause the aggregate 
principal amount of the applicable Restricted Global Notes to be reduced 
accordingly, and the Issuers shall execute and the Trustee shall 
authenticate and mail to the Persons designated by the Holders of 
Definitive Notes so accepted Unrestricted Definitive Notes in the 
applicable principal amount. Any Notes that remain outstanding after the 
consummation of an Exchange Offer, and Exchange Notes issued in connection 
with such Exchange Offer, shall be treated as a single class of securities 
under this Indenture.

(g) Legends. The following legends shall appear on the face of all Global 
Notes and Definitive Notes issued under this Indenture unless specifically 
stated otherwise in the applicable provisions of this Indenture:

(i) Private Placement Legend.

(A) Except as permitted by subparagraph (B) below, each Global Note and 
each Definitive Note (and all Notes issued in exchange therefor or 
substitution thereof) shall bear the legend in substantially the following 
form:

“THE NOTES HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS 
AMENDED (THE “SECURITIES ACT”), OR ANY STATE SECURITIES LAWS. NEITHER THIS 
NOTE NOR ANY INTEREST OR PARTICIPATION HEREIN MAY BE REOFFERED, SOLD, 
ASSIGNED, TRANSFERRED, PLEDGED, ENCUMBERED OR OTHERWISE DISPOSED OF IN THE 
ABSENCE OF SUCH REGISTRATION OR UNLESS SUCH TRANSACTION IS EXEMPT FROM, OR 
NOT
 
-52-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
SUBJECT TO, REGISTRATION AS SET FORTH BELOW. BY ITS ACQUISITION HEREOF, THE 
HOLDER (1) REPRESENTS THAT (A) IT IS A “QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER” (AS 
DEFINED IN RULE 144A UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT (“RULE 144A”)), OR (B) IT IS 
NOT A U.S. PERSON AND IS ACQUIRING THIS NOTE IN AN OFFSHORE TRANSACTION, 
(2) AGREES TO OFFER, SELL, PLEDGE OR OTHERWISE TRANSFER SUCH NOTE PRIOR TO 
THE EXPIRATION OF THE HOLDING PERIOD THEN IMPOSED BY RULE 144 UNDER THE 
SECURITIES ACT (OR ANY SUCCESSOR PROVISION) ONLY (A) TO THE ISSUER OR ANY 
CO-ISSUER, (B) PURSUANT TO A REGISTRATION STATEMENT WHICH HAS BEEN DECLARED 
EFFECTIVE UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, (C) FOR SO LONG AS THE NOTES ARE 
ELIGIBLE FOR RESALE PURSUANT TO RULE 144A TO A PERSON IT REASONABLY 
BELIEVES IS A QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER THAT PURCHASES FOR ITS OWN 
ACCOUNT OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OF A QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER TO WHOM 
NOTICE IS GIVEN THAT THE TRANSFER IS BEING MADE IN RELIANCE ON RULE 144A, 
(D) OUTSIDE THE UNITED STATES PURSUANT TO OFFERS AND SALES TO NON-U.S. 
PERSONS IN AN OFFSHORE TRANSACTION PURSUANT TO REGULATION S UNDER THE 
SECURITIES ACT IN A TRANSACTION MEETING THE REQUIREMENTS OF RULE 904 UNDER 
THE SECURITIES ACT OR (E) PURSUANT TO ANOTHER AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM THE 
REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT, SUBJECT TO THE ISSUERS’ 
AND THE TRUSTEE’S RIGHT PRIOR TO ANY SUCH OFFER, SALE OR TRANSFER PURSUANT 
TO CLAUSE (E) TO REQUIRE THE DELIVERY OF AN OPINION OF COUNSEL, 
CERTIFICATION AND/OR OTHER INFORMATION SATISFACTORY TO EACH OF THEM.”

Except as permitted by subparagraph (B) below, each Global Note and 
Definitive Note issued in a transaction exempt from registration pursuant 
to Regulation S shall also bear the legend in substantially the following 
form:

“THIS NOTE (OR ITS PREDECESSOR) WAS ORIGINALLY ISSUED IN A TRANSACTION 
ORIGINALLY EXEMPT FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE U.S. SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, 
AS AMENDED (THE “SECURITIES ACT”), AND MAY NOT BE TRANSFERRED IN THE UNITED 
STATES OR TO, OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OR BENEFIT OF, ANY U.S. PERSON EXCEPT 
PURSUANT TO AN AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF 
THE SECURITIES ACT AND ALL APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. TERMS USED 
ABOVE HAVE THE MEANINGS GIVEN TO THEM IN REGULATION S UNDER THE SECURITIES 
ACT.”

(B) Notwithstanding the foregoing, any Global Note or Definitive Note 
issued pursuant to Section 2.01 (in the case of the PHRI Notes) and 
subparagraph (b)(iv), (c)(iii), (c)(iv), (d)(ii), (d)(iii), (e)(ii), 
(e)(iii) or (f) of this Section 2.06 (and all Notes issued in exchange 
therefor or substitution thereof) shall not bear the Private Placement 
Legend.

(ii) Global Note Legend. Each Global Note shall bear a legend in 
substantially the following form (with appropriate changes in the last 
sentence if DTC is not the Depositary):

“THIS GLOBAL NOTE IS HELD BY THE DEPOSITARY (AS DEFINED IN THE INDENTURE 
GOVERNING THIS NOTE) OR ITS NOMINEE IN CUSTODY FOR THE BENEFIT OF THE 
BENEFICIAL OWNERS HEREOF, AND IS NOT TRANSFERABLE TO ANY PERSON UNDER ANY 
CIRCUMSTANCES EXCEPT THAT (I) THE TRUSTEE MAY MAKE SUCH NOTATIONS HEREON AS 
MAY BE REQUIRED PURSUANT TO SECTION 2.06(h) OF THE INDENTURE, (II) THIS 
GLOBAL NOTE MAY BE EXCHANGED IN WHOLE BUT NOT IN PART PURSUANT TO SECTION 
2.06(a) OF THE INDENTURE, (III) THIS GLOBAL NOTE MAY BE DELIVERED TO THE 
TRUSTEE FOR CANCELLATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 2.11
 
-53-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
OF THE INDENTURE AND (IV) THIS GLOBAL NOTE MAY BE TRANSFERRED TO A 
SUCCESSOR DEPOSITARY WITH THE PRIOR WRITTEN CONSENT OF THE ISSUERS. UNLESS 
AND UNTIL IT IS EXCHANGED IN WHOLE OR IN PART FOR NOTES IN DEFINITIVE FORM, 
THIS NOTE MAY NOT BE TRANSFERRED EXCEPT AS A WHOLE BY THE DEPOSITARY TO A 
NOMINEE OF THE DEPOSITARY OR BY A NOMINEE OF THE DEPOSITARY TO THE 
DEPOSITARY OR ANOTHER NOMINEE OF THE DEPOSITARY OR BY THE DEPOSITARY OR ANY 
SUCH NOMINEE TO A SUCCESSOR DEPOSITARY OR A NOMINEE OF SUCH SUCCESSOR 
DEPOSITARY. UNLESS THIS CERTIFICATE IS PRESENTED BY AN AUTHORIZED 
REPRESENTATIVE OF THE DEPOSITORY TRUST COMPANY (55 WATER STREET, NEW YORK, 
NEW YORK) (“DTC”) TO THE ISSUERS OR THEIR AGENT FOR REGISTRATION OF 
TRANSFER, EXCHANGE OR PAYMENT, AND ANY CERTIFICATE ISSUED IS REGISTERED IN 
THE NAME OF CEDE & CO. OR SUCH OTHER NAME AS MAY BE REQUESTED BY AN 
AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF DTC (AND ANY PAYMENT IS MADE TO CEDE & CO. OR 
SUCH OTHER ENTITY AS MAY BE REQUESTED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF 
DTC), ANY TRANSFER, PLEDGE OR OTHER USE HEREOF FOR VALUE OR OTHERWISE BY OR 
TO ANY PERSON IS WRONGFUL INASMUCH AS THE REGISTERED OWNER HEREOF, CEDE & 
CO., HAS AN INTEREST HEREIN.

BY ACCEPTING THIS NOTE, EACH HOLDER AND EACH TRANSFEREE IS DEEMED TO 
REPRESENT AND WARRANT THAT AT THE TIME OF ITS ACQUISITION AND THROUGHOUT 
THE PERIOD THAT IT HOLDS THIS NOTE (I) IT IS NOT, AND IS NOT ACQUIRING THE 
NOTES WITH THE ASSETS OF ANY (A) EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLAN (AS DEFINED IN 
SECTION 3(3) OF THE EMPLOYEE RETIREMENT INCOME SECURITY ACT OF 1974, AS 
AMENDED (“ERISA”)), THAT IS SUBJECT TO ERISA, (B) PLAN, INDIVIDUAL 
RETIREMENT ACCOUNT, PROGRAM OR ARRANGEMENT THAT IS SUBJECT TO SECTION 4975 
OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE CODE OF 1986, AS AMENDED (THE “CODE”), OR 
PROVISIONS UNDER ANY OTHER FEDERAL, STATE, LOCAL, NON-U.S. OR OTHER LAWS OR 
REGULATIONS THAT ARE SIMILAR TO SUCH PROVISIONS OF ERISA OR THE CODE 
(COLLECTIVELY, “SIMILAR LAW”) OR WHOSE UNDERLYING ASSETS ARE CONSIDERED TO 
INCLUDE “PLAN ASSETS” OF ANY SUCH PLAN, ACCOUNT OR ARRANGEMENTS AND (II) 
ITS ACQUISITION AND HOLDING OF THIS NOTE WILL NOT RESULT IN A NON-EXEMPT 
PROHIBITED TRANSACTION UNDER SECTION 406 OF ERISA OR SECTION 4975 OF THE 
CODE OR A SIMILAR VIOLATION UNDER ANY APPLICABLE SIMILAR LAW.”

(iii) Regulation S Temporary Global Note Legend. The Regulation S Temporary 
Global Note shall bear a legend in substantially the following form:

“THE RIGHTS ATTACHING TO THIS REGULATION S TEMPORARY GLOBAL NOTE, AND THE 
CONDITIONS AND PROCEDURES GOVERNING ITS EXCHANGE FOR CERTIFICATED NOTES, 
ARE AS SPECIFIED IN THE INDENTURE (AS DEFINED HEREIN).”

(h) Cancellation and/or Adjustment of Global Notes. At such time as all 
beneficial interests in a particular Global Note have been exchanged for 
Definitive Notes or a particular Global Note has been redeemed, repurchased 
or cancelled in whole and not in part, each such Global Note shall be 
returned to or retained and cancelled by the Trustee in accordance with 
Section 2.11 hereof. At any time prior to such cancellation, if any 
beneficial interest in a Global Note is exchanged for or transferred to a 
Person who will take delivery thereof in the form of a beneficial interest 
in another Global Note or for Definitive Notes, the principal amount of 
Notes represented by such Global Note shall be reduced accordingly and an 
endorsement shall be made on such Global Note by the Trustee or by the 
Depositary at the direction of the Trustee to reflect such reduction; and 
if the beneficial interest is being exchanged for or transferred to a 
Person who will take delivery thereof in the form of a beneficial interest 
in another Global Note, such other Global Note shall be increased 
accordingly and an endorsement shall be made on such Global Note by the 
Trustee or by the Depositary at the direction of the Trustee to reflect 
such increase.
 
-54-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(i) General Provisions Relating to Transfers and Exchanges.

(i) To permit registrations of transfers and exchanges, the Issuers shall 
execute and the Trustee shall authenticate Global Notes and Definitive 
Notes upon receipt of an Authentication Order in accordance with Section 
2.02 hereof or at the Registrar’s request.

(ii) No service charge shall be made to a holder of a beneficial interest 
in a Global Note or to a Holder of a Definitive Note for any registration 
of transfer or exchange, but the Issuers may require payment of a sum 
sufficient to cover any transfer tax or similar governmental charge payable 
in connection therewith (other than any such transfer taxes or similar 
governmental charge payable upon exchange or transfer pursuant to Sections 
2.07, 2.10, 3.06, 3.08, 4.10, 4.14 and 9.05 hereof).

(iii) Neither the Registrar nor the Issuers shall be required (A) to issue, 
to register the transfer of or to exchange any Notes during a period 
beginning at the opening of business 15 days before the mailing or 
transmission of a notice of redemption of the Notes to be redeemed under 
Section 3.03 hereof and ending at the close of business on the day of such 
mailing or transmission, (B) to register the transfer of or to exchange any 
Note so selected for redemption in whole or in part, except the unredeemed 
portion of any Note being redeemed in part, (C) to register the transfer or 
exchange of a Note between a Record Date and the next succeeding Interest 
Payment Date (provided that this clause (C) shall not apply to the period 
between the Initial Record Date and the Initial Interest Payment Date) or 
(D) to register the transfer or exchange of any Notes tendered (and not 
withdrawn) for repurchase in connection with a Change of Control Offer or 
an Asset Sale Offer.

(iv) Neither the Registrar nor the Issuers shall be required to register 
the transfer or exchange of any Note selected for redemption in whole or in 
part, except the unredeemed portion of any Note being redeemed in part; 
provided that new Notes will only be issued in minimum denominations of 
$2,000 and integral multiples of $1,000 in excess of $2,000.

(v) All Global Notes and Definitive Notes issued upon any registration of 
transfer or exchange of Global Notes or Definitive Notes shall be the valid 
obligations of the Issuers, evidencing the same debt, and entitled to the 
same benefits under this Indenture, as the Global Notes or Definitive Notes 
surrendered upon such registration of transfer or exchange.

(vi) Prior to due presentment for the registration of a transfer of any 
Note, the Trustee, any Agent and the Issuers shall deem and treat the 
Person in whose name any Note is registered as the absolute owner of such 
Note for the purpose of receiving payment of principal of (and premium, if 
any) and interest on such Notes and for all other purposes, and none of the 
Trustee, any Agent or the Issuers shall be affected by notice to the 
contrary.

(vii) Upon surrender for registration of transfer of any Note at the office 
or agency of the Issuers designated pursuant to Section 4.02 hereof, the 
Issuers shall execute, and the Trustee shall authenticate and mail, in the 
name of the designated transferee or transferees, one or more replacement 
Notes of any authorized denomination or denominations of a like aggregate 
principal amount.

(viii) At the option of the Holder, subject to Section 2.06(a) hereof, 
Notes may be exchanged for other Notes of any authorized denomination or 
denominations of a like aggregate principal amount upon surrender of the 
Notes to be exchanged at such office or agency. Whenever any Global Notes 
or Definitive Notes are so surrendered for exchange, the Issuers shall 
execute, and the Trustee shall authenticate and mail, the replacement 
Global Notes and Definitive Notes which the Holder making the exchange is 
entitled to in accordance with the provisions of Section 2.02 hereof.

(ix) All certifications, certificates and Opinions of Counsel required to 
be submitted pursuant to this Section 2.06 to effect a registration of 
transfer or exchange may be submitted by facsimile.

(x) Notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary, neither the 
Trustee nor the Registrar shall be responsible for ascertaining whether any 
transfer complies with the registration provisions of or exemptions from 
the Securities Act, applicable state securities laws, ERISA (or, in the 
case of a governmental plan or a church plan (as described in ERISA 
Sections 3(32) and 3(33), respectively) any substantially similar federal, 
state or local law), the Code or the Investment Company Act; provided that 
if a certificate is specifically required by the express terms of this 
Section 2.06 to be delivered to the Trustee by a purchaser or transferee of 
a Note, the Trustee shall be under a duty to receive and examine the same 
to determine whether on its face it conforms to the express terms of this 
Indenture and shall promptly notify the party delivering the same if such 
certificate does not comply with such terms.
 
-55-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Section 2.07. Replacement Notes. If either (x) any mutilated Note is 
surrendered to the Trustee, the Registrar or the Issuers, or (y) the 
Issuers and the Trustee receive evidence to their satisfaction of the 
ownership and destruction, loss or theft of any Note, then the Issuers 
shall issue and the Trustee, upon receipt of an Authentication Order and 
satisfaction of any other requirements of the Trustee, shall authenticate a 
replacement Note. If required by the Trustee or the Issuers, an indemnity 
bond must be supplied by the Holder that is sufficient in the judgment of 
both (i) the Trustee to protect the Trustee and (ii) the Issuers to protect 
the Issuers, the Trustee, any Agent and any authenticating agent from any 
loss that any of them may suffer if a Note is replaced. The Issuers and the 
Trustee may charge the Holder for their expenses in replacing a Note.

Every replacement Note is a contractual obligation of the Issuers and shall 
be entitled to all of the benefits of this Indenture equally and 
proportionately with all other Notes duly issued hereunder.

Section 2.08. Outstanding Notes. The Notes outstanding at any time are all 
the Notes authenticated by the Trustee except for those cancelled by it, 
those delivered to it for cancellation, those reductions in the interest in 
a Global Note effected by the Trustee in accordance with the provisions 
hereof and those described in this Section 2.08 as not outstanding. Except 
as set forth in Section 2.09 hereof, a Note does not cease to be 
outstanding because the Issuer, the Co-Issuer or a Guarantor or an 
Affiliate of the Issuer, the Co-Issuer or a Guarantor holds the Note.

If a Note is replaced pursuant to Section 2.07 hereof, it ceases to be 
outstanding unless the Trustee receives proof satisfactory to it that the 
replaced Note is held by a protected purchaser (as defined in Section 8-303 
of the Uniform Commercial Code).

Notes in exchange for or in lieu of which other Notes have been 
authenticated and delivered pursuant to this Indenture shall not be deemed 
to be outstanding for purposes hereof.

If the principal amount of any Note is considered paid under Section 4.01 
hereof, such Note shall cease to be outstanding and interest thereon shall 
cease to accrue.

If the Paying Agent (other than the Issuer, the Co-Issuer or a Guarantor or 
an Affiliate of the Issuer, the Co-Issuer or a Guarantor) holds, on a 
Redemption Date or maturity date, money sufficient to pay Notes (or 
portions thereof) payable on that date, then on and after that date such 
Notes (or portions thereof) shall be deemed to be no longer outstanding 
(including for accounting purposes) and shall cease to accrue interest on 
and after such date.

Section 2.09. Treasury Notes. In determining whether the Holders of the 
required principal amount of Notes have concurred in any direction, waiver 
or consent at any time from and including the Reset Date, Notes owned by 
the Issuer, the Co-Issuer or by any Affiliate of the Issuer or the 
Co-Issuer, shall be considered as though not outstanding, except that for 
the purposes of determining whether the Trustee shall be protected in 
relying on any such direction, waiver or consent, only Notes that a 
Responsible Officer of the Trustee actually knows are so owned shall be so 
disregarded. Notes so owned which have been pledged in good faith shall not 
be disregarded if the pledgee establishes to the satisfaction of the 
Trustee the pledgee’s right to deliver any such direction, waiver or 
consent with respect to such pledged Notes and that the pledgee is not the 
Issuer, the Co-Issuer or a Guarantor or any Affiliate of the Issuer, the 
Co-Issuer or a Guarantor.
 
-56-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Section 2.10. Temporary Notes. Until certificates representing Notes are 
ready for delivery, the Issuers may prepare and the Trustee, upon receipt 
of an Authentication Order, shall authenticate temporary Notes. Temporary 
Notes shall be substantially in the form of certificated Notes but may have 
variations that the Issuers consider appropriate for temporary Notes. 
Without unreasonable delay, the Issuers shall prepare and the Trustee shall 
authenticate definitive Notes in exchange for temporary Notes.

Holders and beneficial holders, as the case may be, of temporary Notes 
shall be entitled to all of the benefits accorded to Holders, or beneficial 
holders, respectively, of Notes under this Indenture.

Section 2.11. Cancellation. The Issuers at any time may deliver Notes to 
the Trustee for cancellation. The Registrar and Paying Agent shall forward 
to the Trustee any Notes surrendered to them for registration of transfer, 
exchange or payment. The Trustee or, at the direction of the Trustee, the 
Registrar or the Paying Agent and no one else shall cancel all Notes 
surrendered for registration of transfer, exchange, payment, replacement or 
cancellation and shall dispose of such cancelled Notes in its customary 
manner (subject to the record retention requirements of the Exchange Act). 
Certification of the cancellation of all cancelled Notes shall be delivered 
to the Issuers upon their written request therefor. The Issuers may not 
issue new Notes to replace Notes that they have paid or that have been 
delivered to the Trustee for cancellation.

Section 2.12. Defaulted Interest. If the Issuers default in a payment of 
interest on the Notes, they shall pay the defaulted interest in any lawful 
manner plus, to the extent lawful, interest payable on the defaulted 
interest to the Persons who are Holders on a subsequent special record 
date, in each case at the rate provided in the Notes and in Section 4.01 
hereof. The Issuers shall notify the Trustee in writing of the amount of 
defaulted interest proposed to be paid on each Note and the date of the 
proposed payment, and at the same time the Issuers shall deposit with the 
Trustee an amount of money equal to the aggregate amount proposed to be 
paid in respect of such defaulted interest or shall make arrangements 
satisfactory to the Trustee for such deposit prior to the date of the 
proposed payment, such money when deposited to be held in trust for the 
benefit of the Persons entitled to such defaulted interest as provided in 
this Section 2.12. The Issuers shall fix or cause to be fixed any such 
special record date and payment date; provided that no such special record 
date shall be less than 10 days prior to the related payment date for such 
defaulted interest. The Issuers shall promptly notify the Trustee of any 
such special record date. At least 15 days before any such special record 
date, the Issuers (or, upon the written request of the Issuers, the Trustee 
in the name and at the expense of the Issuers) shall mail or cause to be 
mailed, first-class postage prepaid, or otherwise deliver in accordance 
with the Applicable Procedures, to each Holder, with a copy to the Trustee, 
a notice at his or her address as it appears in the Note Register that 
states the special record date, the related payment date and the amount of 
such interest to be paid.

Subject to the foregoing provisions of this Section 2.12 and for greater 
certainty, each Note delivered under this Indenture upon registration of 
transfer of or in exchange for or in lieu of any other Note shall carry the 
rights to interest accrued and unpaid, and to accrue, which were carried by 
such other Note.

Section 2.13. CUSIP Numbers; ISINs. The Issuers in issuing the Notes may 
use CUSIP numbers and ISINs (in each case, if then generally in use) and, 
if so, the Trustee shall use CUSIP numbers and ISINs in notices of 
redemption or exchange as a convenience to Holders; provided that any such 
notice may state that no representation is made as to the correctness of 
such numbers either as printed on the Notes or as contained in any notice 
of redemption or exchange and that reliance may be placed only on the other 
identification numbers printed on the Notes, and any such redemption shall 
not be affected by any defect in or omission of such numbers. The Issuers 
will as promptly as practicable notify the Trustee in writing of any change 
in the CUSIP numbers and ISINs.


ARTICLE 3
REDEMPTION

Section 3.01. Notices to Trustee. If the Issuers elect to redeem Notes 
pursuant to Section 3.07 hereof, they shall furnish to the Trustee, at 
least two Business Days (unless a shorter notice shall be agreed to by the 
Trustee) before notice of redemption is required to be delivered or mailed 
to Holders pursuant to Section 3.03 hereof, an Officer’s Certificate 
setting forth (a) the paragraph or subparagraph of such Note and/or Section 
of this Indenture
 
-57-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
pursuant to which the redemption shall occur, (b) the date of redemption 
(as such date may be delayed pursuant to Section 3.07(e), the “Redemption 
Date”), (c) the principal amount of the Notes to be redeemed and (d) the 
redemption price.

Section 3.02. Selection of Notes to Be Redeemed. If less than all of the 
Notes are to be redeemed at any time, the Trustee shall select the Notes to 
be redeemed (a) if the Notes are listed on a securities exchange (and such 
listing is known to the Trustee), in compliance with the requirements of 
such exchange on which such Notes are listed or (b) on a pro rata basis to 
the extent practicable, or, if the pro rata basis is not practicable for 
any reason, by lot or by such other method as the Trustee shall deem fair 
and appropriate and otherwise in accordance with the Applicable Procedures 
in minimum denominations of $2,000 and increments of $1,000 in excess 
thereof. In the event of partial redemption by lot, the particular Notes to 
be redeemed shall be selected, unless otherwise provided herein, not less 
than 30 nor more than 60 days prior to the Redemption Date by the Trustee 
from the outstanding Notes not previously called for redemption.

The Trustee shall promptly notify the Issuers in writing of the Notes 
selected for redemption and, in the case of any Note selected for partial 
redemption, the principal amount thereof to be redeemed. Notes and portions 
of Notes selected shall be in integral multiples of $1,000 (but in a 
minimum amount of $2,000) and no Notes of $2,000 or less can be redeemed in 
part, except that if all of the Notes of a Holder are to be redeemed, the 
entire outstanding amount of Notes held by such Holder shall be redeemed, 
even if not in a principal amount of at least $2,000. Except as provided in 
the preceding sentence, provisions of this Indenture that apply to Notes 
called for redemption also apply to portions of Notes called for 
redemption.

Section 3.03. Notice of Redemption. Subject to Section 3.08 hereof, the 
Issuers shall send electronically, mail or cause to be mailed by 
first-class mail, postage prepaid, notices of redemption at least 15 days 
but (except as set forth in Section 3.07(e)) not more than 60 days before 
the Redemption Date to each Holder of Notes to be redeemed at such Holder’s 
registered address stated in the Note Register or otherwise in accordance 
with the Applicable Procedures, except that redemption notices may be 
delivered or mailed more than 60 days prior to a Redemption Date if the 
notice is issued in connection with Article 8 or Article 11 hereof. Notices 
of redemption may, at the Issuers’ discretion, be conditional.

The notice shall identify the Notes to be redeemed and shall state:

(a) the Redemption Date;

(b) the redemption price;

(c) if any Definitive Note is to be redeemed in part only, the portion of 
the principal amount of that Note that is to be redeemed and that, after 
the Redemption Date upon surrender of such Note, a new Note or Notes in a 
principal amount equal to the unredeemed portion of the original Note 
representing the same indebtedness to the extent not redeemed will be 
issued in the name of the Holder upon cancellation of the original Note; 
provided that new Notes will only be issued in minimum denominations of 
$2,000 and integral multiples of $1,000 in excess of $2,000;

(d) the name and address of the Paying Agent;

(e) that Notes called for redemption must be surrendered to the Paying 
Agent to collect the redemption price;

(f) that, unless the Issuers default in making such redemption payment, 
interest on Notes called for redemption ceases to accrue on and after the 
Redemption Date;

(g) the paragraph or subparagraph of the Notes and/or Section of this 
Indenture pursuant to which the Notes called for redemption are being 
redeemed;
 
-58-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(h) the CUSIP number and ISIN, if any, printed on the Notes being redeemed 
and that no representation is made as to the correctness or accuracy of any 
such CUSIP number and ISIN that is listed in such notice or printed on the 
Notes; and

(i) any condition to such redemption.

In addition, any notice of redemption may include additional information, 
including any information pursuant to Section 3.07(e) hereof.

At the Issuers’ request, the Trustee shall give the notice of redemption in 
the Issuers’ name and at their expense; provided that the Issuers shall 
have delivered to the Trustee, at least two Business Days before notice of 
redemption is required to be delivered electronically, mailed or caused to 
be mailed to Holders pursuant to this Section 3.03 (unless a shorter notice 
shall be agreed to by the Trustee), an Officer’s Certificate requesting 
that the Trustee give such notice and setting forth the information to be 
stated in such notice as provided in the preceding paragraph.

If the Notes are listed on an exchange, for so long as the Notes are so 
listed and the rules of such exchange so require, the Issuers shall notify 
the exchange of any such redemption and, if applicable, of the principal 
amount of any Notes outstanding following any partial redemption of Notes.

Section 3.04. Effect of Notice of Redemption. A notice of redemption, if 
delivered electronically, mailed or caused to be mailed in a manner herein 
provided, shall be conclusively presumed to have been given, whether or not 
the Holder receives such notice. In any case, failure to deliver such 
notice or any defect in the notice to the Holder of any Note designated for 
redemption in whole or in part shall not affect the validity of the 
proceedings for the redemption of any other Note. Notes or portions of 
Notes called for redemption shall become due and payable on the Redemption 
Date, subject to satisfaction of any conditions specified in the notice. 
Subject to Section 3.05 hereof, on and after the Redemption Date, interest 
shall cease to accrue on Notes or portions of Notes called for redemption.

Section 3.05. Deposit of Redemption Price.

(a) Prior to 11:00 a.m. (New York City time) on the Redemption Date, the 
Issuers shall deposit with the Trustee or with the Paying Agent money 
sufficient to pay the redemption price of and accrued and unpaid interest 
on all Notes to be redeemed on that Redemption Date. The Trustee or the 
Paying Agent shall promptly return to the Issuers any money deposited with 
the Trustee or the Paying Agent by the Issuers in excess of the amounts 
necessary to pay the redemption price of, and accrued and unpaid interest 
on, all Notes to be redeemed.

(b) If the Issuers comply with the provisions of the preceding paragraph 
(a), on and after the Redemption Date, interest shall cease to accrue on 
the Notes or the portions of Notes called for redemption. If a Note is 
redeemed on or after an applicable Record Date but on or prior to the 
related Interest Payment Date, then any accrued and unpaid interest to the 
Redemption Date shall be paid to the Person in whose name such Note was 
registered at the close of business on such Record Date. If any Note called 
for redemption shall not be so paid upon surrender for redemption because 
of the failure of the Issuers to comply with the preceding paragraph, 
interest shall be paid on the unpaid principal, from the Redemption Date 
until such principal is paid, and to the extent lawful on any interest 
accrued to the Redemption Date not paid on such unpaid principal, in each 
case at the rate provided in the Notes and in Section 4.01 hereof.

Section 3.06. Notes Redeemed in Part. Upon surrender of a Definitive Note 
that is redeemed in part, the Issuers shall issue and the Trustee shall 
authenticate for the Holder, at the expense of the Issuers, a new Note 
equal in principal amount to the unredeemed portion of the Note surrendered 
representing the same indebtedness to the extent not redeemed; provided 
that each new Note will be in a minimum principal amount of $2,000 and any 
integral multiple of $1,000 in excess of $2,000. It is understood that, 
notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Indenture, only an 
Authentication Order and not an Opinion of Counsel or Officer’s Certificate 
is required for the Trustee to authenticate such new Note.
 
-59-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Section 3.07. Optional Redemption.

(a) Except as set forth in clauses (b) and (d) of this Section 3.07, the 
Notes will not be redeemable at the Issuers’ option prior to December 1, 
2021.

(b) At any time prior to December 1, 2021, the Issuers may, at their 
option, and on one or more occasions, redeem all or a part of the Notes, 
upon notice in accordance with Section 3.03 hereof, at a redemption price 
equal to the sum of (A) 100.0% of the principal amount of the Notes 
redeemed, plus (B) the Applicable Premium as of the Redemption Date, plus 
(C) accrued and unpaid interest and Additional Interest, if any, to, but 
excluding, the Redemption Date, subject to the right of Holders of record 
on the relevant Record Date to receive interest due on the relevant 
Interest Payment Date falling prior to or on the Redemption Date.

(c) On and after December 1, 2021, the Issuers may, at their option and on 
one or more occasions, redeem the Notes, in whole or in part, upon notice 
in accordance with Section 3.03 hereof, at the redemption prices (expressed 
as percentages of principal amount of the Notes to be redeemed) set forth 
below, plus accrued and unpaid interest and Additional Interest, if any, 
thereon to, but excluding, the applicable Redemption Date, subject to the 
right of Holders of record on the relevant Record Date to receive interest 
due on the relevant Interest Payment Date falling prior to or on the 
Redemption Date, if redeemed during the twelve-month period beginning on 
December 1 of each of the years indicated below:
 
Year 	   	Percentage 	 
 2021
   	  	103.250 	% 
 2022
   	  	101.625 	% 
 2023 and thereafter
   	  	100.000 	% 

(d) In connection with any tender offer for the Notes, including without 
limitation any Change of Control Offer, if Holders of not less than 90% in 
aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes validly tender and do 
not withdraw such Notes in such tender offer and the Issuers, or any third 
party making such tender offer in lieu of the Issuers, purchase all of the 
Notes validly tendered and not withdrawn by such Holders, the Issuers or 
such third party will have the right upon not less than 15 nor more than 60 
days’ prior notice, given not more than 30 days following such purchase 
date, to redeem all Notes that remain outstanding following such purchase 
at a price equal to the price offered to each other Holder in such tender 
offer plus, to the extent not included in the tender offer payment, accrued 
and unpaid interest, if any, thereon, to, but excluding, the Redemption 
Date.

(e) Any redemption pursuant to this Section 3.07 shall be made pursuant to 
the provisions of Sections 3.01 through 3.06 hereof. Notice of any 
redemption may be given prior to the completion thereof, and any such 
redemption or notice may, at the Issuers’ discretion, be subject to one or 
more conditions precedent, including, but not limited to, completion of the 
related transaction. In addition, if such redemption is subject to 
satisfaction of one or more conditions precedent, such notice shall state 
that, in the Issuers’ discretion, the Redemption Date may be delayed until 
such time as any or all such conditions shall be satisfied, or such 
redemption may not occur and such notice may be rescinded in the event that 
any or all such conditions shall not have been satisfied by the Redemption 
Date, or by the Redemption Date so delayed. For the avoidance of doubt, if 
any Redemption Date shall be delayed pursuant to this Section 3.07(e) and 
the terms of the applicable notice of redemption, such Redemption Date as 
so delayed may occur at any time after the original Redemption Date set 
forth in the applicable notice of redemption and after the satisfaction of 
any applicable conditions precedent, including, without limitation, on a 
date that is more than 60 days after the date of the applicable notice of 
redemption. In addition, the Issuers may provide in such notice that 
payment of the redemption price and performance of the Issuers’ obligations 
with respect to such redemption may be performed by another Person. The 
Issuers, the Investors and their respective Affiliates may acquire the 
Notes by means other than a redemption pursuant to this Section 3.07, 
whether by tender offer, open market purchases, negotiated transactions or 
otherwise.

(f) The Trustee shall have no duty to calculate or verify the calculation 
of the Applicable Premium.
 
-60-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Section 3.08. Offers to Repurchase by Application of Excess Proceeds.

(a) In the event that, pursuant to Section 4.10 hereof, the Issuers shall 
be required to commence an Asset Sale Offer, the Issuers shall follow the 
procedures specified below.

(b) The Asset Sale Offer shall remain open for a period of 20 Business Days 
following its commencement and no longer, except to the extent that a 
longer period is required by applicable law (the “Offer Period”). No later 
than five Business Days after the termination of the Offer Period (the “
Purchase Date”), the Issuers shall apply all Excess Proceeds (the “Offer 
Amount”) to the purchase of Notes and, if required, Pari Passu Indebtedness 
(on a pro rata basis, if applicable, with adjustments as necessary so that 
no Notes or Pari Passu Indebtedness will be repurchased in part in an 
unauthorized denomination), or, if less than the Offer Amount has been 
tendered, all Notes and Pari Passu Indebtedness tendered in response to the 
Asset Sale Offer. Payment for any Notes so purchased shall be made in the 
same manner as interest payments are made.

(c) If the Purchase Date is on or after a Record Date and on or before the 
related Interest Payment Date, any accrued and unpaid interest and 
Additional Interest, if any, up to but excluding the Purchase Date, shall 
be paid to the Person in whose name a Note is registered at the close of 
business on such Record Date, and no additional interest shall be payable 
to Holders who tender Notes pursuant to the Asset Sale Offer.

(d) Upon the commencement of an Asset Sale Offer, the Issuers shall send 
electronically or by first-class mail, a notice to each of the Holders, 
with a copy to the Trustee. The notice shall contain all instructions and 
materials necessary to enable such Holders to tender Notes pursuant to the 
Asset Sale Offer. The Asset Sale Offer shall be made to all Holders and 
holders of such Pari Passu Indebtedness. The notice, which shall govern the 
terms of the Asset Sale Offer, shall state:

(i) that the Asset Sale Offer is being made pursuant to this Section 3.08 
and Section 4.10 hereof and the length of time the Asset Sale Offer shall 
remain open;

(ii) the Offer Amount, the purchase price and the Purchase Date;

(iii) that any Note not tendered or accepted for payment shall continue to 
accrue interest;

(iv) that, unless the Issuers default in making such payment, any Note 
accepted for payment pursuant to the Asset Sale Offer shall cease to accrue 
interest on and after the Purchase Date;

(v) that any Holder electing to have less than all of the aggregate 
principal amount of its Notes purchased pursuant to an Asset Sale Offer may 
elect to have Notes purchased in an amount not less than $2,000 and in 
integral multiples of $1,000 in excess thereof;

(vi) that Holders electing to have a Note purchased pursuant to any Asset 
Sale Offer shall be required to surrender the Note, with the form entitled 
“Option of Holder to Elect Purchase” attached to the Note completed, or 
transfer such Note by book-entry transfer, to the Issuers, the Depositary, 
if appointed by the Issuers, or a Paying Agent at the address specified in 
the notice at least two Business Days before the Purchase Date;

(vii) that Holders shall be entitled to withdraw their election if the 
Issuers, the Depositary or the Paying Agent, as the case may be, receives, 
not later than the close of business on the second Business Day prior to 
the expiration date of the Offer Period, a facsimile transmission or letter 
setting forth the name of the Holder, the principal amount of the Note the 
Holder delivered for purchase and a statement that such Holder is 
withdrawing his election to have such Note purchased;

(viii) that, if the aggregate principal amount of Notes or the Pari Passu 
Indebtedness, as the case may be, surrendered by the holders thereof 
exceeds the Offer Amount, the Issuers shall purchase such Notes and such 
Pari Passu Indebtedness, as the case may be, on a pro rata basis based on 
the accreted value or principal amount of the Notes or such Pari Passu 
Indebtedness, as the case may be, tendered (with such adjustments as may be 
deemed appropriate by the Issuers so that only Notes in an amount not less 
than $2,000 or integral multiples of $1,000 in excess thereof are 
purchased); and

(ix) that Holders whose certificated Notes were purchased only in part 
shall be issued new Notes equal in principal amount to the unpurchased 
portion of the Notes surrendered (or transferred by book-entry transfer) 
representing the same indebtedness to the extent not repurchased; provided 
that new Notes will only be issued in denominations of $2,000 and integral 
multiples of $1,000 in excess of $2,000.
 
-61-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(e) On or before the Purchase Date, the Issuers shall, to the extent 
lawful, (1) accept for payment, on a pro rata basis as described in clause 
(d)(viii) of this Section 3.08, the Offer Amount of Notes or portions 
thereof validly tendered pursuant to the Asset Sale Offer, or if less than 
the Offer Amount has been tendered, all Notes tendered and (2) deliver or 
cause to be delivered to the Trustee the Notes properly accepted, together 
with an Officer’s Certificate stating the aggregate principal amount of 
Notes or portions thereof so tendered.

(f) The Issuers, the Depositary or the Paying Agent, as the case may be, 
shall promptly mail or deliver to each tendering Holder an amount equal to 
the purchase price of the Notes properly tendered by such Holder and 
accepted by the Issuers for purchase, and the Issuers shall promptly issue 
a new Note, and the Trustee, upon receipt of an Authentication Order, shall 
authenticate and mail or deliver (or cause to be transferred by book-entry) 
such new Note to such Holder (it being understood that, notwithstanding 
anything in this Indenture to the contrary, no Opinion of Counsel or 
Officer’s Certificate is required for the Trustee to authenticate and mail 
or deliver such new Note) in a principal amount equal to any unpurchased 
portion of the Note surrendered representing the same indebtedness to the 
extent not repurchased; provided, that each such new Note shall be in a 
principal amount of $2,000 or an integral multiple of $1,000 in excess 
thereof. Any Note not so accepted shall be promptly mailed or delivered by 
the Issuers to the Holder thereof. The Issuers shall publicly announce the 
results of the Asset Sale Offer on or as soon as practicable after the 
Purchase Date.

(g) Prior to noon (New York City time) on the purchase date, the Issuers 
shall deposit with the Trustee or with the Paying Agent money sufficient to 
pay the purchase price of and accrued and unpaid interest on all Notes to 
be purchased on that purchase date. The Trustee or the Paying Agent shall 
promptly return to the Issuers any money deposited with the Trustee or the 
Paying Agent by the Issuers in excess of the amounts necessary to pay the 
purchase price of, and accrued and unpaid interest on, all Notes to be 
redeemed.

Other than as specifically provided in this Section 3.08 or Section 4.10 
hereof, any purchase pursuant to this Section 3.08 shall be made pursuant 
to the applicable provisions of Sections 3.01 through 3.06 hereof, and 
references therein to “redeem,” “redemption,” “Redemption Date” and similar 
words shall be deemed to refer to “purchase,” “repurchase,” “Purchase Date” 
and similar words, as applicable.


ARTICLE 4
COVENANTS

Section 4.01. Payment of Notes. The Issuers, jointly and severally, shall 
pay or cause to be paid the principal of, premium, if any, Additional 
Interest, if any, and interest on the Notes on the dates and in the manner 
provided in the Notes and this Indenture. Principal, premium, if any, 
Additional Interest, if any, and interest shall be considered paid on the 
date due if the Paying Agent, if other than the Issuer, the Co-Issuer or a 
Guarantor or an Affiliate of the Issuer, the Co-Issuer or a Guarantor, 
holds as of noon (New York City time) on the due date money deposited by 
the Issuers in immediately available funds and designated for and 
sufficient to pay all principal, premium, if any, and interest then due.

The Issuers shall pay all Additional Interest, if any, in the same manner 
on the dates and in the amounts set forth in the Registration Rights 
Agreement.

The Issuers shall pay interest (including post-petition interest in any 
proceeding under any Bankruptcy Law) on overdue principal at the rate equal 
to the then applicable interest rate on the Notes to the extent lawful; the 
Issuers shall pay interest (including post-petition interest in any 
proceeding under any Bankruptcy Law) on overdue installments of interest 
and Additional Interest (without regard to any applicable grace period) at 
the same rate to the extent lawful.
 
-62-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Section 4.02. Maintenance of Office or Agency. The Issuers shall maintain 
the offices or agencies (which may be an office of the Trustee or an 
affiliate of the Trustee, Registrar or Transfer Agent) required under 
Section 2.03 hereof where Notes may be surrendered for registration of 
transfer or for exchange or presented for payment and where notices and 
demands to or upon the Issuers in respect of the Notes and this Indenture 
may be served. The Issuers shall give prompt written notice to the Trustee 
of the location, and any change in the location, of such office or agency. 
If at any time the Issuers shall fail to maintain any such required office 
or agency or shall fail to furnish the Trustee with the address thereof, 
such presentations, surrenders, notices and demands may be made or served 
at the Corporate Trust Office.

The Issuers may also from time to time designate one or more other offices 
or agencies where the Notes may be presented or surrendered for any or all 
such purposes and may from time to time rescind such designations; 
provided that no such designation or rescission shall in any manner relieve 
the Issuers of their obligation to maintain such offices or agencies as 
required by Section 2.03 hereof for such purposes. The Issuers shall give 
prompt written notice to the Trustee of any such designation or rescission 
and of any change in the location of any such other office or agency.

The Issuers hereby designate the Corporate Trust Office as one such office 
or agency of the Issuers in accordance with Section 2.03 hereof.

Section 4.03. Reports and Other Information.

(a) Notwithstanding that the Issuer may not be subject to the reporting 
requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act or otherwise report 
on an annual and quarterly basis on forms provided for such annual and 
quarterly reporting pursuant to rules and regulations promulgated by the 
SEC, the Issuer shall file with the SEC (with a copy to the Trustee unless 
filed and available on the SEC’s EDGAR website) from and after the Reset 
Date:

(i) within 90 days after the end of each fiscal year (or, if the Spin-Off 
Transaction has not then been completed, 120 days for the first fiscal year 
ending after the Reset Date), annual reports on Form 10-K, or any successor 
or comparable form (if the Issuer had been a reporting company under 
Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act), containing substantially all the 
information that would be required to be contained therein, or required in 
such successor or comparable form;

(ii) within 45 days after the end of each of the first three fiscal 
quarters of each fiscal year (or, if the Spin-Off Transaction has not then 
been completed, 60 days for the first three fiscal quarters ending after 
the Reset Date), reports on Form 10-Q, or any successor or comparable form 
(if the Issuer had been a reporting company under Section 15(d) of the 
Exchange Act), containing substantially all quarterly information that 
would be required to be contained in Form 10-Q, or any successor or 
comparable form;

(iii) promptly after the occurrence of a material event which would have 
been required to be reported on a Form 8-K or any successor or comparable 
form (if the Issuer had been a reporting company under Section 15(d) of the 
Exchange Act), a current report relating to such event on Form 8-K or any 
successor or comparable form;

in each case, in a manner that complies in all material respects with the 
requirements specified in such form (except as described above or below and 
subject to exceptions consistent with the presentation of information in 
the Offering Memorandum); provided, however, that the Issuer shall not be 
so obligated to file such reports referred to in clauses (i), (ii) and 
(iii) above with the SEC if the SEC does not permit such filing, in which 
event the Issuer shall make available such information to the Trustee, the 
Holders and prospective purchasers of Notes, in each case within 15 days 
after the time the Issuer would be required to file such information with 
the SEC if it were subject to Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act. In 
addition, to the extent not satisfied by the foregoing, for so long as any 
Notes are outstanding, the Issuer shall furnish to Holders and to 
securities analysts and prospective investors, upon their request, the 
information required to be delivered pursuant to Rule 144A(d)(4) under the 
Securities Act.
 
-63-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(b) The Issuer may satisfy its obligations under this Section 4.03 with 
respect to financial information relating to the Issuer by furnishing 
financial information relating to a direct or indirect parent of the Issuer 
(including HGV Parent) as long as any such parent entity of the Issuer 
provides a Guarantee of the Notes.

(c) If with respect to any reporting period(s) covered in the applicable 
report, the Issuer’s Unrestricted Subsidiaries (other than the Unrestricted 
Securitization Subsidiaries) would, individually or in the aggregate, 
constitute a “significant subsidiary” (as such term is defined in Rule 1-02 
of Regulation S-X promulgated pursuant to the Securities Act (as such 
regulation is in effect on the Issue Date)), then the applicable annual and 
quarterly financial information required by clauses (a)(i) and (a)(ii) 
above shall include a supplemental section in “Management’s Discussion and 
Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” presenting (in a 
manner consistent with the presentation of information included or 
incorporated by reference in the Offering Memorandum) selected financial 
measures of such Unrestricted Subsidiaries in the aggregate (separate from 
the financial information of the Issuer and its Restricted Subsidiaries).

(d) Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Issuer will not be 
deemed to have failed to comply with any of its obligations hereunder for 
purposes of clause (iii) of Section 6.01(a) hereof until 120 days after the 
receipt of the written notice delivered thereunder.

To the extent any information is not provided within the time periods 
specified in this Section 4.03 and such information is subsequently 
provided, the Issuer will be deemed to have satisfied its obligations with 
respect thereto at such time and any Default with respect thereto shall be 
deemed to have been cured.

Section 4.04. Compliance Certificate.

(a) The Issuer shall deliver to the Trustee, within 90 days after the end 
of each fiscal year ending after the Issue Date (or 120 days for the first 
fiscal year ending after the Issue Date), a certificate from its principal 
executive officer, principal financial officer or principal accounting 
officer stating that a review of the activities of the Issuer and its 
Restricted Subsidiaries during the preceding fiscal year has been made 
under the supervision of the signing Officer with a view to determining 
whether the Issuer and its Restricted Subsidiaries have kept, observed, 
performed and fulfilled their respective obligations under this Indenture, 
and further stating, as to such Officer signing such certificate, that to 
the best of his or her knowledge, on behalf of the Issuer and its 
Restricted Subsidiaries have kept, observed, performed and fulfilled in all 
material respects each and every condition and covenant contained in this 
Indenture during such fiscal year and no Default has occurred and is 
continuing with respect to any of the terms, provisions, covenants and 
conditions of this Indenture (or, if a Default shall have occurred and is 
continuing, describing all such Defaults of which he or she may have 
knowledge and what action the Issuer is taking or proposes to take with 
respect thereto).

(b) When any Default has occurred and is continuing under this Indenture, 
or if the Trustee or the holder of any other evidence of Indebtedness of 
the Issuer or any Subsidiary gives any notice or takes any other action 
with respect to a claimed Default, the Issuer shall promptly (which shall 
be no more than 20 Business Days after becoming aware of such Default) 
deliver to the Trustee by registered or certified mail or by facsimile 
transmission an Officer’s Certificate specifying such event and what action 
the Issuer proposes to take with respect thereto.

Section 4.05. Taxes. The Issuer shall pay or discharge, and shall cause 
each of its Restricted Subsidiaries to pay or discharge, prior to 
delinquency, all material taxes, lawful assessments, and governmental 
levies except such as are contested in good faith and by appropriate 
actions or where the failure to effect such payment or discharge is not 
adverse in any material respect to the Holders.

Section 4.06. Stay, Extension and Usury Laws. The Issuer, the Co-Issuer and 
each of the Guarantors covenant (to the extent that they may lawfully do 
so) that they shall not at any time insist upon, plead, or in any manner 
whatsoever claim or take the benefit or advantage of, any stay, extension 
or usury law wherever enacted, now or at any time hereafter in force, that 
may affect the covenants or the performance of this Indenture and the 
Notes; and the Issuer, the Co-Issuer and each of the Guarantors (to the 
extent that they may lawfully do so) hereby expressly waive all benefit or 
advantage of any such law, and (to the extent that they may lawfully do so) 
covenant that they shall not, by resort to any such law, hinder, delay or 
impede the execution of any power herein granted to the Trustee, but shall 
suffer and permit the execution of every such power as though no such law 
has been enacted.
 
-64-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Section 4.07. Limitation on Restricted Payments.

(a) The Issuer will not, and will not permit any of its Restricted 
Subsidiaries to, directly or indirectly:

(i) declare or pay any dividend or make any payment or distribution on 
account of the Issuer’s or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries’ Equity 
Interests (in each case, solely to a holder of Equity Interests in such 
Person’s capacity as a holder of such Equity Interests), including any 
dividend, payment or distribution payable in connection with any merger, 
amalgamation or consolidation, other than:

(A) dividends and distributions by the Issuer payable solely in Equity 
Interests (other than Disqualified Stock) of the Issuer or in options, 
warrants or other rights to purchase such Equity Interests; or

(B) dividends and distributions by a Restricted Subsidiary so long as, in 
the case of any dividend, payment or distribution payable on or in respect 
of any class or series of securities issued by a Restricted Subsidiary 
other than a Wholly Owned Subsidiary, the Issuer or a Restricted Subsidiary 
receives at least its pro rata share of such dividend, payment or 
distribution in accordance with its Equity Interests in such class or 
series of securities;

(ii) purchase, redeem, defease or otherwise acquire or retire for value any 
Equity Interests of the Issuer or any direct or indirect parent company of 
the Issuer, including any purchase, redemption, defeasance, acquisition or 
retirement in connection with any merger, amalgamation or consolidation;

(iii) make any principal payment on, or redeem, repurchase, defease or 
otherwise acquire or retire for value, in each case, prior to any scheduled 
repayment, sinking fund payment or maturity, any Subordinated Indebtedness, 
other than:

(A) Indebtedness permitted under clauses (vii), (viii) and (ix) of Section 
4.09(b) hereof; or

(B) the purchase, repurchase or other acquisition of Subordinated 
Indebtedness purchased in anticipation of satisfying a sinking fund 
obligation, principal installment or final maturity, in each case due 
within one year of the date of purchase, repurchase or acquisition; or

(iv) make any Restricted Investment

(all such payments and other actions set forth in clauses (i) through (iv) 
above (other than any exceptions thereto) being collectively referred to as 
“Restricted Payments”), unless, at the time of such Restricted Payment:

(A) no Default shall have occurred and be continuing or would occur as a 
consequence thereof;

(B) immediately after giving effect to such transaction on a pro forma 
basis, the Issuer could incur $1.00 of additional Indebtedness pursuant to 
the Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio test set forth in Section 4.09(a) hereof 
(the “Fixed Charge Coverage Test”); and

(C) such Restricted Payment, together with the aggregate amount of all 
other Restricted Payments made by the Issuer and its Restricted 
Subsidiaries after the Issue Date (including Restricted Payments permitted 
by clauses (i), (vi)(C) and (ix) of Section 4.07(b) hereof (to the extent 
not deducted in calculating Consolidated Net Income), but excluding all 
other Restricted Payments permitted by Section 4.07(b) hereof), is less 
than the sum of (without duplication):

(1) 50.0% of the Consolidated Net Income of the Issuer for the period 
(taken as one accounting period and including the predecessor of the 
Issuer) beginning on July 1, 2016 to the end of the Issuer’s most recently 
ended fiscal quarter for which internal financial statements are available 
at the time of such Restricted Payment, or, in the case such Consolidated 
Net Income for such period is a deficit, minus 100.0% of such deficit; plus
 
-65-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(2) 100.0% of the aggregate net cash proceeds and the fair market value of 
marketable securities or other property received by the Issuer or its 
Restricted Subsidiaries since the Issue Date (other than net cash proceeds 
to the extent such net cash proceeds have been used to incur Indebtedness 
or issue Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock pursuant to clause (xii)(A) 
of Section 4.09(b) hereof and any securities or other property received in 
connection with the Issuer Capitalization) from the issue or sale of:

(i) (A) Equity Interests of the Issuer, including Treasury Capital Stock, 
but excluding cash proceeds and the fair market value of marketable 
securities or other property received from the sale of:

(x) Equity Interests to any future, present or former employees, directors, 
officers, managers or consultants (or their respective Controlled 
Investment Affiliates or Immediate Family Members) of the Issuer, any 
direct or indirect parent company of the Issuer or any of the Issuer’s 
Subsidiaries after the Issue Date to the extent such amounts have been 
applied to Restricted Payments made in accordance with clause (iv) of 
Section 4.07(b) hereof; and

(y) Designated Preferred Stock; and

(B) to the extent such net cash proceeds are (or have been) actually 
contributed to the Issuer or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries, Equity 
Interests of the Issuer or any of the Issuer’s direct or indirect parent 
companies (excluding contributions of the proceeds from the sale of 
Designated Preferred Stock of any such companies or contributions to the 
extent such amounts have been applied to Restricted Payments made in 
accordance with clause (iv) of Section 4.07(b) hereof); or

(ii) Indebtedness of the Issuer or a Restricted Subsidiary that has been 
converted into or exchanged for such Equity Interests of the Issuer or a 
direct or indirect parent company of the Issuer;

provided that this clause (2) shall not include the proceeds from (w) 
Refunding Capital Stock applied in accordance with clause (ii) of Section 
4.07(b) hereof, (x) Equity Interests or convertible debt securities of the 
Issuer sold to a Restricted Subsidiary, (y) Disqualified Stock or debt 
securities that have been converted into Disqualified Stock or (z) Excluded 
Contributions; plus

(3) 100.0% of the aggregate amount of cash and the fair market value of 
marketable securities or other property contributed to the capital of the 
Issuer or a Restricted Subsidiary or that becomes part of the capital of 
the Issuer or a Restricted Subsidiary through consolidation or merger, in 
each case since the Issue Date (other than (i) net cash proceeds to the 
extent such net cash proceeds have been used to incur Indebtedness or issue 
Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock pursuant to clause (xii)(A) of 
Section 4.09(b) hereof, (ii) contributions by the Issuer or a Restricted 
Subsidiary, (iii) contributions in connection with the Issuer 
Capitalization and (iv) any Excluded Contributions); plus
 
-66-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(4) 100.0% of the aggregate amount received in cash and the fair market 
value of marketable securities or other property received by the Issuer or 
any Restricted Subsidiary by means of:

(i) the sale or other disposition (other than to the Issuer or a Restricted 
Subsidiary) of, or other returns on Investments from, Restricted 
Investments made by the Issuer or its Restricted Subsidiaries and 
repurchases and redemptions of such Restricted Investments from the Issuer 
or its Restricted Subsidiaries and repayments of loans or advances, and 
releases of guarantees, which constitute Restricted Investments made by the 
Issuer or its Restricted Subsidiaries, in each case after the Issue Date; 
or

(ii) the sale (other than to the Issuer or a Restricted Subsidiary) of the 
stock of an Unrestricted Subsidiary or a dividend or distribution (other 
than an Excluded Contribution) from an Unrestricted Subsidiary (other than, 
in each case, to the extent the Investment in such Unrestricted Subsidiary 
was made by the Issuer or a Restricted Subsidiary pursuant to clause (vii) 
of Section 4.07(b) hereof or to the extent such Investment constituted a 
Permitted Investment), in each case, after the Issue Date; plus

(5) in the case of the redesignation of an Unrestricted Subsidiary as a 
Restricted Subsidiary or the merger, amalgamation or consolidation of an 
Unrestricted Subsidiary into the Issuer or a Restricted Subsidiary or the 
transfer of all or substantially all of the assets of an Unrestricted 
Subsidiary to the Issuer or a Restricted Subsidiary after the Issue Date, 
the fair market value (as determined by the Issuer in good faith) of the 
Investment in such Unrestricted Subsidiary (or the assets transferred) at 
the time of the redesignation of such Unrestricted Subsidiary as a 
Restricted Subsidiary or at the time of such merger, amalgamation, 
consolidation or transfer of assets, other than to the extent the 
Investment in such Unrestricted Subsidiary was made by the Issuer or a 
Restricted Subsidiary pursuant to clause (vii) of Section 4.07(b) hereof or 
to the extent such Investment constituted a Permitted Investment.

(b) The foregoing provisions of Section 4.07(a) hereof shall not prohibit:

(i) the payment of any dividend or other distribution or the consummation 
of any irrevocable redemption within 60 days after the date of declaration 
of the dividend or other distribution or giving of the redemption notice, 
as the case may be, if at the date of declaration or notice, the dividend 
or other distribution or redemption payment would have complied with the 
provisions of this Indenture;

(ii) (A) the redemption, repurchase, defeasance, retirement or other 
acquisition of any Equity Interests, including any accrued and unpaid 
dividends thereon (“Treasury Capital Stock”) or Subordinated Indebtedness 
of the Issuer or any Restricted Subsidiary or any Equity Interests of any 
direct or indirect parent company of the Issuer, in exchange for, or out of 
the proceeds of the substantially concurrent sale or issuance (other than 
to a Restricted Subsidiary) of, Equity Interests of the Issuer or any 
direct or indirect parent company of the Issuer to the extent contributed 
to the Issuer (in each case, other than any Disqualified Stock) (“
Refunding Capital Stock”), (B) the declaration and payment of dividends on 
Treasury Capital Stock out of the proceeds of the substantially concurrent 
sale or issuance (other than to a Subsidiary of the Issuer or to an 
employee stock ownership plan or any trust established by the Issuer or any 
of its Subsidiaries) of Refunding Capital Stock, and (C) if, immediately 
prior to the retirement of Treasury Capital Stock, the declaration and 
payment of dividends thereon was permitted under clauses (vi)(A) or (B) of 
this Section 4.07(b), the declaration and payment of dividends on the 
Refunding Capital Stock (other than Refunding Capital Stock the proceeds of 
which were used to redeem, repurchase, retire or otherwise acquire any 
Equity Interests of any direct or indirect parent company of the Issuer) in 
an aggregate amount per year no greater than the aggregate amount of 
dividends per annum that were declarable and payable on such Treasury 
Capital Stock immediately prior to such retirement;

(iii) the prepayment, defeasance, redemption, repurchase, exchange or other 
acquisition or retirement (1) of Subordinated Indebtedness of the Issuers 
or a Subsidiary Guarantor made by exchange for, or out of the proceeds of 
the substantially concurrent sale of, new Indebtedness of the Issuers or a 
Subsidiary
 
-67-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Guarantor or Disqualified Stock of the Issuers or a Subsidiary Guarantor or 
(2) Disqualified Stock of the Issuers or a Subsidiary Guarantor made by 
exchange for, or out of the proceeds of the substantially concurrent sale 
of, Disqualified Stock of the Issuers or a Subsidiary Guarantor, that, in 
each case, is incurred or issued, as applicable, in compliance with Section 
4.09 hereof so long as:

(A) the principal amount (or accreted value, if applicable) of such new 
Indebtedness or the liquidation preference of such new Disqualified Stock 
does not exceed the principal amount of (or accreted value, if applicable), 
plus any accrued and unpaid interest on, the Subordinated Indebtedness or 
the liquidation preference of, plus any accrued and unpaid dividends on, 
the Disqualified Stock being so prepaid, defeased, redeemed, repurchased, 
exchanged, acquired or retired for value, plus the amount of any premium 
(including tender premium) required to be paid under the terms of the 
instrument governing the Subordinated Indebtedness or Disqualified Stock 
being so defeased, redeemed, repurchased, exchanged, acquired or retired, 
defeasance costs and any fees and expenses incurred in connection with the 
issuance of such new Indebtedness or Disqualified Stock;

(B) such new Indebtedness is subordinated to the Notes or the applicable 
Guarantee at least to the same extent as such Subordinated Indebtedness so 
defeased, redeemed, repurchased, exchanged, acquired or retired;

(C) such new Indebtedness or Disqualified Stock has a final scheduled 
maturity date equal to or later than the final scheduled maturity date of 
the Subordinated Indebtedness or Disqualified Stock being so defeased, 
redeemed, repurchased, exchanged, acquired or retired (or, if earlier, a 
date that is at least 91 days after the maturity date of the Notes); and

(D) such new Indebtedness or Disqualified Stock has a Weighted Average Life 
to Maturity equal to or greater than the remaining Weighted Average Life to 
Maturity of the Subordinated Indebtedness or Disqualified Stock being so 
defeased, redeemed, repurchased, exchanged, acquired or retired (or 
requires no or nominal payments in cash prior to the date that is 91 days 
after the maturity date of the Notes);

(iv) a Restricted Payment to pay for the repurchase, redemption or other 
acquisition or retirement for value of Equity Interests (other than 
Disqualified Stock) of the Issuer or any direct or indirect parent company 
of the Issuer held by any future, present or former employee, director, 
officer, member of management or consultant (or their respective Controlled 
Investment Affiliates or Immediate Family Members) of the Issuer, any of 
its Subsidiaries or any of its direct or indirect parent companies pursuant 
to any management equity plan or stock option plan or any other management 
or employee benefit plan or agreement, or any stock subscription or 
shareholder agreement (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any principal 
and interest payable on any Indebtedness incurred or issued by the Issuer 
or any direct or indirect parent company of the Issuer in connection with 
such repurchase, retirement or other acquisition); provided that the 
aggregate amount of Restricted Payments made under this clause (iv) do not 
exceed in any calendar year an amount equal to $25.0 million (with unused 
amounts in any calendar year being carried over to succeeding calendar 
years subject to a maximum (without giving effect to the following proviso) 
of $50.0 million in any calendar year); provided, further, that such amount 
in any calendar year under this clause (iv) may be increased by an amount 
not to exceed:

(A) the cash proceeds from the sale of Equity Interests (other than 
Disqualified Stock) of the Issuer and, to the extent contributed to the 
Issuer, the cash proceeds from the sale of Equity Interests of any of the 
Issuer’s direct or indirect parent companies, in each case to any future, 
present or former employees, directors, officers, members of management or 
consultants (or their respective Controlled Investment Affiliates or 
Immediate Family Members) of the Issuer, any of its Subsidiaries or any of 
its direct or indirect parent companies that occurs after the Issue Date, 
to the extent the cash proceeds from the sale of such Equity Interests have 
not otherwise been applied to the payment of Restricted Payments by virtue 
of clause (C) of Section 4.07(a) hereof; plus
 
-68-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(B) the cash proceeds of key man life insurance policies received by the 
Issuer or its Restricted Subsidiaries (or any direct or indirect parent 
company to the extent contributed to the Issuer) after the Issue Date; less

(C) the amount of any Restricted Payments previously made with the cash 
proceeds described in clauses (A) and (B) of this clause (iv);

and provided, further, that (i) cancellation of Indebtedness owing to the 
Issuer or any Restricted Subsidiary from any future, present or former 
employees, directors, officers, members of management or consultants (or 
their respective Controlled Investment Affiliates or Immediate Family 
Members) of the Issuer, any of the Issuer’s direct or indirect parent 
companies or any of the Issuer’s Restricted Subsidiaries in connection with 
a repurchase of Equity Interests of the Issuer or any of its direct or 
indirect parent companies and (ii) the repurchase of Equity Interests 
deemed to occur upon the exercise of options, warrants or similar 
instruments if such Equity Interests represent all or a portion of the 
exercise price thereof or payments, in lieu of the issuance of fractional 
Equity Interests or withholding to pay other taxes payable in connection 
therewith, in the case of each of clauses (i) and (ii), will not be deemed 
to constitute a Restricted Payment for purposes of this Section 4.07 or any 
other provision of this Indenture;

(v) the declaration and payment of dividends to holders of any class or 
series of Disqualified Stock of the Issuer or any of its Restricted 
Subsidiaries or any class or series of Preferred Stock of any Restricted 
Subsidiary issued in accordance with Section 4.09 hereof to the extent such 
dividends are included in the definition of “Fixed Charges”;

(vi) (A) the declaration and payment of dividends to holders of any class 
or series of Designated Preferred Stock (other than Disqualified Stock) 
issued by the Issuer or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries after the Issue 
Date;

(B) the declaration and payment of dividends to any direct or indirect 
parent company of the Issuer, the proceeds of which will be used to fund 
the payment of dividends to holders of any class or series of Designated 
Preferred Stock (other than Disqualified Stock) issued by such parent 
company after the Issue Date; provided that the amount of dividends paid 
pursuant to this clause (B) shall not exceed the aggregate amount of cash 
actually contributed to the Issuer from the sale of such Designated 
Preferred Stock; or

(C) the declaration and payment of dividends on Refunding Capital Stock 
that is Preferred Stock in excess of the dividends declarable and payable 
thereon pursuant to clause (ii) of this Section 4.07(b);

provided, in the case of each of (A) and (C) of this clause (vi), that for 
the most recently ended four full fiscal quarters for which internal 
financial statements are available immediately preceding the date of 
issuance of such Designated Preferred Stock or the declaration of such 
dividends on Refunding Capital Stock that is Preferred Stock, after giving 
effect to such issuance or declaration on a pro forma basis, the Issuer and 
its Restricted Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis would have had a Fixed 
Charge Coverage Ratio of at least 2.00 to 1.00;

(vii) Investments in Unrestricted Subsidiaries having an aggregate fair 
market value, taken together with all other Investments made pursuant to 
this clause (vii) that are at the time outstanding, without giving effect 
to the sale of an Unrestricted Subsidiary to the extent the proceeds of 
such sale do not consist of cash or marketable securities (until such 
proceeds are converted to Cash Equivalents), not to exceed the greater of 
(i) $50.0 million and (ii) 4.0% of Total Assets at the time of such 
Investment (with the fair market value of each Investment being measured at 
the time made and without giving effect to subsequent changes in value);

(viii) payments made or expected to be made by the Issuer or any Restricted 
Subsidiary in respect of withholding or similar taxes payable upon exercise 
of Equity Interests by any future, present or
 
-69-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
former employee, director, officer, member of management or consultant (or 
their respective Controlled Investment Affiliates or Immediate Family 
Members) of the Issuer or any Restricted Subsidiary or any direct or 
indirect parent company of the Issuer and any repurchases of Equity 
Interests deemed to occur upon exercise of stock options, warrants or other 
equity-based awards if such Equity Interests represent a portion of the 
exercise price of such options, warrants or awards;

(ix) the declaration and payment of dividends on, or the purchase, 
redemption, defeasance or other acquisition or retirement for value of, the 
Issuer’s common shares (or the payment of dividends to any direct or 
indirect parent company of the Issuer to fund a payment of dividends on 
such company’s common stock or to fund such company’s purchase, redemption, 
defeasance or other acquisition or retirement for value of such company’s 
common stock), in an amount not to exceed the sum of (A) up to 6.0% per 
annum of the amount of net cash proceeds received by or contributed to the 
Issuer since the Issue Date from any public offering of the Issuer’s common 
shares or the common stock of any direct or indirect parent company of the 
Issuer, other than public offerings with respect to the Issuer’s common 
shares or the common stock of any direct or indirect parent company of the 
Issuer registered on Form S-4 or Form S-8 and other than any public sale 
constituting an Excluded Contribution, and (B) an aggregate amount per 
annum not to exceed 5.0% of Market Capitalization;

(x) Restricted Payments, in an aggregate amount taken together with all 
other Restricted Payments made pursuant to this clause (x), that are made 
(a) in an amount equal to the amount of Excluded Contributions received 
since the Issue Date or (b) without duplication with clause (a), in an 
amount equal to the Net Proceeds from an Asset Sale in respect of property 
or assets acquired after the Issue Date, if the acquisition of such 
property or assets was financed with Excluded Contributions;

(xi) (A) Restricted Payments in an aggregate amount taken together with all 
other Restricted Payments made pursuant to this clause (xi)(A) (in the case 
of Restricted Investments, at the time outstanding (without giving effect 
to the sale of an Investment to the extent the proceeds of such sale do not 
consist of, or have not been subsequently sold or transferred for, Cash 
Equivalents)) not to exceed $75.0 million; and (B) any Restricted Payments, 
so long as, after giving pro forma effect to the payment of any such 
Restricted Payment, the Consolidated Total Debt Ratio shall be no greater 
than 2.00 to 1.00;

(xii) distributions or payments of Securitization Fees;

(xiii) any Restricted Payment used to fund amounts owed to Affiliates 
(including dividends to any direct or indirect parent company of the Issuer 
to permit payment by such parent company of such amounts), in each case to 
the extent permitted by Section 4.11 hereof;

(xiv) the repurchase, redemption or other acquisition or retirement for 
value of any Subordinated Indebtedness pursuant to the provisions similar 
to those described under Sections 4.10 and 4.14 hereof; provided that if 
the Issuer shall have been required to make a Change of Control Offer or 
Asset Sale Offer, as applicable, to purchase the Notes on the terms 
provided in this Indenture applicable to Change of Control Offers or Asset 
Sale Offers, respectively, all Notes validly tendered by Holders of such 
Notes in connection with a Change of Control Offer or Asset Sale Offer, as 
applicable, have been repurchased, redeemed, acquired or retired for value;

(xv) the declaration and payment of dividends or distributions by the 
Issuer to, or the making of loans to, any direct or indirect parent company 
of the Issuer in amounts required for any direct or indirect parent company 
of the Issuer to pay, in each case without duplication:

(A) franchise, excise and similar taxes, and other fees and expenses, 
required to maintain their corporate existence;

(B) consolidated, combined or similar foreign, federal, state or local 
income or similar taxes of a tax group that includes the Issuer and/or its 
Subsidiaries and whose common parent is a direct or indirect parent of the 
Issuer, to the extent such income or similar taxes are attributable
 
-70-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
to the income of the Issuer and its Restricted Subsidiaries or, to the 
extent of any cash amounts actually received from its Unrestricted 
Subsidiaries for such purpose, to the income of such Unrestricted 
Subsidiaries; provided that in each case the amount of such payments in 
respect of any fiscal year does not exceed the amount that the Issuer 
and/or its Restricted Subsidiaries (and, to the extent permitted above, its 
Unrestricted Subsidiaries), as applicable, would have been required to pay 
in respect of the relevant foreign, federal, state or local income or 
similar taxes for such fiscal year had the Issuer, its Restricted 
Subsidiaries and/or its Unrestricted Subsidiaries (to the extent described 
above), as applicable, (1) paid such taxes separately from any such parent 
company or (2) if the Issuer is treated as a disregarded entity or 
partnership for U.S. federal, state and/or local income tax purposes for 
such period, were the Issuer a taxpayer and parent of a consolidated group 
and had paid such taxes for the Issuer, its Restricted Subsidiaries and/or 
its Unrestricted Subsidiaries (to the extent described above);

(C) customary salary, bonus and other benefits payable to employees, 
directors, officers and managers of any direct or indirect parent company 
of the Issuer to the extent such salaries, bonuses and other benefits are 
attributable to the ownership or operation of the Issuer and its Restricted 
Subsidiaries;

(D) general corporate operating and overhead costs and expenses and listing 
fees and other costs and expenses attributable to being a publicly traded 
company of the Issuer or any direct or indirect parent company of the 
Issuer;

(E) fees and expenses other than to Affiliates of the Issuer related to any 
unsuccessful equity or debt offering of such parent entity;

(F) amounts payable pursuant to (x) the Support and Services Agreement or 
(y) any of the Transaction Agreements (including, in each case, any 
amendment thereto or replacement thereof so long as any such amendment or 
replacement is not materially disadvantageous in the good faith judgment of 
the Board of Directors of the Issuer to the Holders when taken as a whole, 
as compared to the applicable agreement as in effect immediately prior to 
such amendment or replacement), solely to the extent such amounts are not 
paid directly by the Issuer or its Subsidiaries;

(G) cash payments in lieu of issuing fractional shares in connection with 
the exercise of warrants, options or other securities convertible into or 
exchangeable for Equity Interests of the Issuer or any direct or indirect 
parent company of the Issuer;

(H) to finance Investments that would otherwise be permitted to be made 
pursuant to this Section 4.07 if made by the Issuer; provided that (1) such 
Restricted Payment shall be made substantially concurrently with the 
closing of such Investment, (2) such direct or indirect parent company 
shall, immediately following the closing thereof, cause (x) all property 
acquired (whether assets or Equity Interests) to be contributed to the 
capital of the Issuer or one of its Restricted Subsidiaries or (y) the 
merger or amalgamation of the Person formed or acquired into the Issuer or 
one of its Restricted Subsidiaries (to the extent not prohibited by Section 
5.01 hereof) in order to consummate such Investment, (3) such direct or 
indirect parent company and its Affiliates (other than the Issuer or a 
Restricted Subsidiary) receives no consideration or other payment in 
connection with such transaction except to the extent the Issuer or a 
Restricted Subsidiary could have given such consideration or made such 
payment in compliance with this Indenture, (4) any property received by the 
Issuer shall not increase amounts available for Restricted Payments 
pursuant to clause (C) of Section 4.07(a) hereof and (5) such Investment 
shall be deemed to be made by the Issuer or such Restricted Subsidiary 
pursuant to another provision of this Section 4.07 (other than pursuant to 
clause (x) of this Section 4.07(b)) or pursuant to the definition of 
“Permitted Investments” (other than clause (i) thereof); and

(I) amounts that would be permitted to be paid by the Issuer under clauses 
(iii), (iv), (vii), (viii), (xii), (xiii) and (xvi) of Section 4.11(b) 
hereof; provided that the amount of any dividend or distribution under this 
clause (xv)(I) to permit such payment shall reduce, without duplication,
 
-71-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Consolidated Net Income of the Issuer to the extent, if any, that such 
payment would have reduced Consolidated Net Income of the Issuer if such 
payment had been made directly by the Issuer and increase (or, without 
duplication of any reduction of Consolidated Net Income, decrease) EBITDA 
to the extent, if any, that Consolidated Net Income is reduced under this 
clause (xv)(I) and such payment would have been added back to (or, to the 
extent excluded from Consolidated Net Income, would have been deducted 
from) EBITDA if such payment had been made directly by the Issuer, in each 
case, in the period such payment is made;

(xvi) the distribution, by dividend or otherwise, of shares of Capital 
Stock of, or Indebtedness owed to the Issuer or a Restricted Subsidiary by 
Unrestricted Subsidiaries (other than Unrestricted Subsidiaries, the 
primary assets of which are cash and/or Cash Equivalents); and

(xvii) (A) the Spin-Off Transaction and (B) the distribution by the Issuer 
to its immediate parent of the cash proceeds from additional borrowings 
under the Timeshare Facility;

provided that at the time of, and after giving effect to, any Restricted 
Payment permitted under clause (xi)(B) of this Section 4.07(b), no Event of 
Default shall have occurred and be continuing or would occur as a 
consequence thereof.

(c) For purposes of determining compliance with this Section 4.07, in the 
event that a proposed Restricted Payment (or a portion thereof) meets the 
criteria of clauses (i) through (xvii) of Section 4.07(b) hereof and/or one 
or more of the clauses contained in the definition of “Permitted 
Investments,” or is entitled to be made pursuant to Section 4.07(a), the 
Issuer will be entitled to divide or classify or later divide or reclassify 
(based on circumstances existing on the date of such reclassification) such 
Restricted Payment (or a portion thereof) between such clauses (i) through 
(xvii) of Section 4.07(b) hereof and such Section 4.07(a) and/or one or 
more of the clauses contained in the definition of “Permitted Investments”, 
in any manner that otherwise complies with this Section 4.07; and

(d) The Issuer shall not permit any Unrestricted Subsidiary to become a 
Restricted Subsidiary except pursuant to the penultimate sentence of the 
definition of “Unrestricted Subsidiary.” For purposes of designating any 
Restricted Subsidiary as an Unrestricted Subsidiary, all outstanding 
Investments by the Issuer and its Restricted Subsidiaries (except to the 
extent repaid) in the Subsidiary so designated shall be deemed to be 
Restricted Payments in an amount determined as set forth in the penultimate 
sentence of the definition of “Investments.” Such designation shall be 
permitted only if a Restricted Payment in such amount would be permitted at 
such time, pursuant to this Section 4.07, or pursuant to the definition of 
“Permitted Investments,” and if such Subsidiary otherwise meets the 
definition of an Unrestricted Subsidiary. Unrestricted Subsidiaries shall 
not be subject to any of the restrictive covenants set forth in this 
Indenture. For the avoidance of doubt, this Section 4.07 shall not restrict 
the making of any “AHYDO catch up payment” with respect to, and required by 
the terms of, any Indebtedness of the Issuer or any of its Restricted 
Subsidiaries permitted to be incurred under the terms of this Indenture.

Section 4.08. Dividend and Other Payment Restrictions Affecting Restricted 
Subsidiaries.

(a) The Issuer shall not, and shall not permit any of its Restricted 
Subsidiaries that is not the Co-Issuer or a Guarantor to, directly or 
indirectly, create or otherwise cause or suffer to exist or become 
effective any consensual encumbrance or consensual restriction on the 
ability of any such Restricted Subsidiary to:

(i) (A) pay dividends or make any other distributions to the Issuer or any 
of its Restricted Subsidiaries that is the Co-Issuer or a Guarantor on its 
Capital Stock or with respect to any other interest or participation in, or 
measured by, its profits; or

(B) pay any Indebtedness owed to the Issuer or any of its Restricted 
Subsidiaries that is the Co-Issuer or a Guarantor;

(ii) make loans or advances to the Issuer or any of its Restricted 
Subsidiaries that is the Co-Issuer or a Guarantor; or

(iii) sell, lease or transfer any of its properties or assets to the Issuer 
or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries that is the Co-Issuer or a Guarantor.
 
-72-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(b) The restrictions in Section 4.08(a) hereof shall not apply to 
encumbrances or restrictions existing under or by reason of:

(i) contractual encumbrances or restrictions in effect on the Issue Date, 
including pursuant to Hedging Obligations and the related documentation;

(ii) contractual encumbrances or restrictions pursuant to the Senior 
Secured Credit Facilities in effect on the date the Senior Secured Credit 
Facilities are entered into;

(iii) this Indenture, the Notes and the Guarantees thereof;

(iv) purchase money obligations for property acquired in the ordinary 
course of business and capital lease obligations that impose restrictions 
of the nature discussed in clause (iii) of Section 4.08(a) hereof on the 
property so acquired;

(v) applicable law or any applicable rule, regulation or order;

(vi) (A) in the case of the redesignation of an Unrestricted Subsidiary as 
a Restricted Subsidiary or the merger, amalgamation or consolidation of an 
Unrestricted Subsidiary into the Issuer or a Restricted Subsidiary or the 
transfer of all or substantially all of the assets of an Unrestricted 
Subsidiary to the Issuer or a Restricted Subsidiary, any agreement or other 
instrument of such Unrestricted Subsidiary in existence at the time of such 
redesignation (but, in any such case, not created in contemplation thereof) 
and (B) any agreement or other instrument of a Person acquired by or merged 
or consolidated with or into the Issuer or any of its Restricted 
Subsidiaries in existence at the time of such acquisition or at the time it 
merges with or into the Issuer or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries or 
assumed in connection with the acquisition of assets from such Person (but, 
in any such case, not created in contemplation thereof), which encumbrance 
or restriction is not applicable to any Person, or the properties or assets 
of any Person, other than the Person so acquired and its Subsidiaries, or 
the property or assets of the Person so acquired and its Subsidiaries or 
the property or assets so acquired;

(vii) contracts for the sale of assets, including customary restrictions 
with respect to a Subsidiary of the Issuer pursuant to an agreement that 
has been entered into for the sale or disposition of all or substantially 
all of the Capital Stock or assets of such Subsidiary;

(viii) Secured Indebtedness otherwise permitted to be incurred pursuant to 
Sections 4.09 and 4.12 hereof that limit the right of the debtor to dispose 
of the assets securing such Indebtedness;

(ix) restrictions on cash or other deposits or net worth imposed by 
suppliers, customers or landlords under contracts entered into in the 
ordinary course of business or arising in connection with any Permitted 
Liens;

(x) other Indebtedness, Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock of Restricted 
Subsidiaries that are not the Co-Issuer or the Guarantors permitted to be 
incurred subsequent to the Issue Date pursuant to the provisions of Section 
4.09 hereof;

(xi) customary provisions in joint venture agreements and other similar 
agreements or arrangements relating to such joint venture;

(xii) customary provisions contained in leases, sub-leases, licenses, 
sub-licenses or similar agreements, including with respect to intellectual 
property and other agreements, in each case, entered into in the ordinary 
course of business;
 
-73-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(xiii) restrictions or conditions contained in any trading, netting, 
operating, construction, service, supply, purchase, sale or other agreement 
to which the Issuer or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries is a party 
entered into in the ordinary course of business; provided that such 
agreement prohibits the encumbrance of solely the property or assets of the 
Issuer or such Restricted Subsidiary that are the subject to such 
agreement, the payment rights arising thereunder or the proceeds thereof 
and does not extend to any other asset or property of the Issuer or such 
Restricted Subsidiary or the assets or property of another Restricted 
Subsidiary;

(xiv) customary provisions restricting subletting or assignment of any 
lease governing a leasehold interest of any Restricted Subsidiary;

(xv) customary provisions restricting assignment of any agreement entered 
into in the ordinary course of business;

(xvi) restrictions arising in connection with cash or other deposits 
permitted under Section 4.12 hereof;

(xvii) any agreement or instrument (A) relating to any Indebtedness, 
Disqualified or preferred stock permitted to be incurred or issued 
subsequent to the Issue Date pursuant to Section 4.09 hereof if the 
encumbrances and restrictions are not materially more disadvantageous, 
taken as a whole, to the Holders than is customary in comparable financings 
for similarly situated issuers (as determined in good faith by the Issuer) 
or as otherwise in effect on the Issue Date and (B) either (x) the Issuer 
determines that such encumbrance or restriction will not adversely affect 
the Issuer’s ability to make principal and interest payments on the Notes 
as and when they come due or (y) such encumbrances and restrictions apply 
only during the continuance of a default in respect of a payment or 
financial maintenance covenant relating to such Indebtedness;

(xviii) restrictions created in connection with any Qualified 
Securitization Facility that in the good faith determination of the Issuer 
are necessary or advisable to effect such Qualified Securitization 
Facility; and

(xix) any encumbrances or restrictions of the type referred to in clauses 
(i), (ii) and (iii) of Section 4.08(a) hereof imposed by any amendments, 
modifications, restatements, renewals, increases, supplements, refundings, 
replacements or refinancings of the contracts, instruments or obligations 
referred to in clauses (i) through (xviii) of this Section 4.08(b); 
provided that such amendments, modifications, restatements, renewals, 
increases, supplements, refundings, replacements or refinancings are, in 
the good faith judgment of the Issuer, not materially more restrictive with 
respect to such encumbrance and other restrictions taken as a whole than 
those prior to such amendment, modification, restatement, renewal, 
increase, supplement, refunding, replacement or refinancing.

Section 4.09. Limitation on Incurrence of Indebtedness and Issuance of 
Disqualified Stock and Preferred Stock.

(a) The Issuer shall not, and shall not permit any of its Restricted 
Subsidiaries (including the Co-Issuer) to, directly or indirectly, create, 
incur, issue, assume, guarantee or otherwise become directly or indirectly 
liable, contingently or otherwise (collectively, “incur” and collectively, 
an “incurrence”) with respect to any Indebtedness (including Acquired 
Indebtedness) and the Issuer shall not issue any shares of Disqualified 
Stock and shall not permit any Restricted Subsidiary to issue any shares of 
Disqualified Stock or any Restricted Subsidiary that is not the Co-Issuer 
or a Guarantor to issue Preferred Stock; provided that the Issuer may incur 
Indebtedness (including Acquired Indebtedness) or issue shares of 
Disqualified Stock, and any Restricted Subsidiary may incur Indebtedness 
(including Acquired Indebtedness), issue shares of Disqualified Stock and 
any Restricted Subsidiary that is not the Co-Issuer or a Guarantor may 
issue shares of Preferred Stock, if the Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio on a 
consolidated basis of the Issuer and its Restricted Subsidiaries for the 
most recently ended four fiscal quarters for which internal financial 
statements are available immediately preceding the date on which such 
additional Indebtedness is incurred or such Disqualified Stock or Preferred 
Stock is issued would have been at least 2.00 to 1.00, determined on a pro 
forma basis (including a pro forma application of the net proceeds 
therefrom), as if the additional Indebtedness
 
-74-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
had been incurred, or the Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock had been 
issued, as the case may be, and the application of proceeds therefrom had 
occurred at the beginning of such four-quarter period; provided that the 
then outstanding aggregate principal amount of Indebtedness (including 
Acquired Indebtedness), Disqualified Stock and Preferred Stock that may be 
incurred or issued, as applicable, pursuant to this Section 4.09(a) (plus 
any Refinancing Indebtedness in respect thereof) by Restricted Subsidiaries 
that are not the Co-Issuer or the Guarantors shall not exceed the greater 
of (i) $60.0 million and (ii) 4.25% of Total Assets (determined on the date 
of such incurrence).

(b) The provisions of Section 4.09(a) hereof shall not apply to:

(i) Indebtedness incurred pursuant to any Credit Facilities by the Issuer 
or any Restricted Subsidiary and the issuance and creation of letters of 
credit and bankers’ acceptances thereunder (with letters of credit and 
bankers’ acceptances being deemed to have a principal amount equal to the 
face amount thereof); provided that immediately after giving effect to any 
such incurrence or issuance, the then outstanding aggregate principal 
amount of all Indebtedness incurred or issued under this clause (i) does 
not exceed (x) $700 million, plus, (y) an additional aggregate principal 
amount of Indebtedness (with all such Indebtedness being deemed, for 
purposes of this clause (i)(y) only, to be secured by a Lien) such that 
after giving effect to any such incurrence or issuance (including a pro 
forma application of the net proceeds therefrom), the Consolidated Secured 
Debt Ratio would be no greater than 2.00 to 1.00;

(ii) the incurrence by the Issuer, the Co-Issuer and any Guarantor of 
Indebtedness represented by the Notes (including any guarantee thereof) and 
the Exchange Notes and related Guarantees thereof to be issued in exchange 
for the Notes and the Guarantees thereof pursuant to the Registration 
Rights Agreement (but excluding any Additional Notes)

(iii) Indebtedness of the Issuer and its Restricted Subsidiaries in 
existence on the Issue Date (other than Indebtedness described in clauses 
(i) and (ii) of this Section 4.09(b));

(iv) Indebtedness consisting of Capitalized Lease Obligations and Purchase 
Money Obligations in an aggregate principal amount (together any 
Refinancing Indebtedness in respect thereof) not to exceed the greater of 
(i) $80.0 million and (ii) 6.0% of Total Assets (in each case, determined 
at the date of incurrence or issuance); so long as such Indebtedness exists 
at the date of such purchase, lease or improvement, or is created within 
365 days thereafter (for the avoidance of doubt, the purchase date for any 
asset shall be the later of the date of completion of construction or 
installation and the beginning of the full productive use of such asset);

(v) Indebtedness incurred by the Issuer or any of its Restricted 
Subsidiaries constituting reimbursement obligations with respect to letters 
of credit, bank guarantees, banker’s acceptances, warehouse receipts, or 
similar instruments issued or created in the ordinary course of business, 
including letters of credit in favor of suppliers or trade creditors or in 
respect of workers’ compensation claims, performance or surety bonds, 
health, disability or other employee benefits or property, casualty or 
liability insurance or self-insurance or other Indebtedness with respect to 
reimbursement type obligations regarding workers’ compensation claims, 
performance or surety bonds, health, disability or other employee benefits 
or property, casualty or liability insurance or self-insurance; provided 
that upon the drawing of such letters of credit or the incurrence of such 
Indebtedness, such obligations are reimbursed within 45 Business Days 
following such drawing or incurrence;

(vi) Indebtedness arising from (A) Permitted Intercompany Activities and 
(B) agreements of the Issuer or its Restricted Subsidiaries providing for 
indemnification, adjustment of purchase price, earnouts or similar 
obligations, in each case, incurred or assumed in connection with the 
disposition of any business, assets or a Subsidiary, other than guarantees 
of Indebtedness incurred by any Person acquiring all or any portion of such 
business, assets or a Subsidiary for the purpose of financing such 
acquisition; provided that such Indebtedness is not reflected on the 
balance sheet of the Issuer or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries 
(Contingent Obligations referred to in a footnote to financial statements 
and not otherwise reflected on the balance sheet shall not be deemed to be 
reflected on such balance sheet for purposes of this clause (vi));
 
-75-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(vii) Indebtedness of the Issuer to a Restricted Subsidiary; provided that 
any such Indebtedness owing to a Restricted Subsidiary that is not the 
Co-Issuer or a Guarantor is subordinated in right of payment to the Notes; 
provided, further, that any subsequent issuance or transfer of any Capital 
Stock or any other event which results in any such Restricted Subsidiary 
ceasing to be a Restricted Subsidiary or any other subsequent transfer of 
any such Indebtedness (except to the Issuer or another Restricted 
Subsidiary or any pledge of such Indebtedness constituting a Permitted 
Lien) shall be deemed, in each case, to be an incurrence of such 
Indebtedness (to the extent such Indebtedness is then outstanding) not 
permitted by this clause (vii);

(viii) Indebtedness of a Restricted Subsidiary to the Issuer or another 
Restricted Subsidiary; provided that if the Co-Issuer or a Subsidiary 
Guarantor incurs such Indebtedness to a Restricted Subsidiary that is not 
the Co-Issuer or a Guarantor, such Indebtedness is subordinated in right of 
payment to the Notes or the Guarantee of the Notes of such Subsidiary 
Guarantor; provided, further, that any subsequent issuance or transfer of 
any Capital Stock or any other event which results in any such Restricted 
Subsidiary ceasing to be a Restricted Subsidiary or any subsequent transfer 
of any such Indebtedness (except to the Issuer or another Restricted 
Subsidiary or any pledge of such Indebtedness constituting a Permitted 
Lien) shall be deemed, in each case, to be an incurrence of such 
Indebtedness (to the extent such Indebtedness is then outstanding) not 
permitted by this clause (viii);

(ix) shares of Preferred Stock of a Restricted Subsidiary issued to the 
Issuer or another Restricted Subsidiary; provided that any subsequent 
issuance or transfer of any Capital Stock or any other event which results 
in any such Restricted Subsidiary ceasing to be a Restricted Subsidiary or 
any other subsequent transfer of any such shares of Preferred Stock (except 
to the Issuer or another of its Restricted Subsidiaries or any pledge of 
such Capital Stock constituting a Permitted Lien) shall be deemed in each 
case to be an issuance of such shares of Preferred Stock (to the extent 
such Preferred Stock is then outstanding) not permitted by this clause 
(ix);

(x) Hedging Obligations (excluding Hedging Obligations entered into for 
speculative purposes) for the purpose of limiting interest rate risk with 
respect to any Indebtedness permitted to be incurred under this Indenture, 
exchange rate risk or commodity pricing risk;

(xi) obligations in respect of self-insurance and obligations in respect of 
performance, bid, appeal and surety bonds and performance and completion 
guarantees and similar obligations provided by the Issuer or any of its 
Restricted Subsidiaries or obligations in respect of letters of credit, 
bank guarantees or similar instruments related thereto, in each case in the 
ordinary course of business or consistent with past practice;

(xii) (A) Indebtedness or Disqualified Stock of the Issuer and 
Indebtedness, Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock of the Issuer or any 
Restricted Subsidiary in an aggregate principal amount or liquidation 
preference up to 100% of the net cash proceeds received by the Issuer since 
the Issue Date from the issue or sale of Equity Interests of the Issuer or 
any direct or indirect parent company of the Issuer or cash contributed to 
the capital of the Issuer (in each case, other than Excluded Contributions, 
proceeds of Disqualified Stock or sales of Equity Interests to the Issuer 
or any of its Subsidiaries) as determined in accordance with clauses (C)(2) 
and (C)(3) of Section 4.07(a) hereof to the extent such net cash proceeds 
or cash have not been applied pursuant to such clauses to make Restricted 
Payments pursuant to Section 4.07(b) hereof or to make Permitted 
Investments specified in clauses (h), (k), (m), (bb) or (cc) of the 
definition thereof, and (B) Indebtedness or Disqualified Stock of the 
Issuer and Indebtedness, Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock of the 
Issuer or any Restricted Subsidiary in an aggregate principal amount or 
liquidation preference, which, when aggregated with the principal amount 
and liquidation preference of all other Indebtedness, Disqualified Stock 
and Preferred Stock then outstanding and incurred pursuant to this clause 
(xii)(B), does not at any time outstanding exceed $150.0 million 
(determined on the date of such incurrence); it being understood that any 
Indebtedness, Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock incurred pursuant to 
this clause (xii)(B) shall cease to be deemed incurred or outstanding for 
purposes of this clause (xii)(B) but shall be deemed incurred for the 
purposes of Section 4.09(a) hereof from and after the first date on which 
the Issuer or such Restricted Subsidiary could have incurred such 
Indebtedness, Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock under Section 4.09(a) 
hereof without reliance on this clause (xii)(B);
 
-76-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(xiii) the incurrence or issuance by the Issuer or any Restricted 
Subsidiary of Indebtedness, Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock which 
serves to extend, replace, refund, refinance, renew or defease any 
Indebtedness, Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock incurred or issued as 
permitted under Section 4.09(a) hereof and clauses (ii), (iii), (iv) and 
(xii)(A) of this Section 4.09(b), this clause (xiii) and clause (xiv) of 
this Section 4.09(b) or any Indebtedness, Disqualified Stock or Preferred 
Stock incurred or issued to so extend, replace, refund, refinance, renew or 
defease such Indebtedness, Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock, 
including, in each case, additional Indebtedness, Disqualified Stock or 
Preferred Stock incurred to pay premiums (including tender premiums), 
defeasance costs, and accrued interest, fees and expenses in connection 
therewith (the “Refinancing Indebtedness”) prior to its respective 
maturity; provided that such Refinancing Indebtedness:

(A) has a Weighted Average Life to Maturity at the time such Refinancing 
Indebtedness is incurred which is not less than the remaining Weighted 
Average Life to Maturity of the Indebtedness, Disqualified Stock or 
Preferred Stock being extended, replaced, refunded, refinanced, renewed or 
defeased (or requires no or nominal payments in cash prior to the date that 
is 91 days after the maturity date of the Notes);

(B) to the extent such Refinancing Indebtedness extends, replaces, refunds, 
refinances, renews or defeases (i) Indebtedness subordinated in right of 
payment to the Notes or any Guarantee thereof, such Refinancing 
Indebtedness is subordinated in right of payment to the Notes or the 
Guarantee thereof at least to the same extent as the Indebtedness being 
extended, replaced, refunded, refinanced, renewed or defeased or (ii) 
Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock, such Refinancing Indebtedness must 
be Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock, respectively; and

(C) shall not include:

(1) Indebtedness, Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock of a Subsidiary of 
the Issuer that is not the Co-Issuer or a Guarantor that refinances 
Indebtedness, Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock of the Issuer;

(2) Indebtedness, Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock of a Subsidiary of 
the Issuer that is not the Co-Issuer or a Guarantor that refinances 
Indebtedness, Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock of the Co-Issuer or a 
Subsidiary Guarantor; or

(3) Indebtedness or Disqualified Stock of the Issuer or Indebtedness, 
Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock of a Restricted Subsidiary that 
refinances Indebtedness, Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock of an 
Unrestricted Subsidiary;

and, provided, further, that subclause (A) of this clause (xiii) will not 
apply to (x) any extension, replacement, refunding, refinancing, renewal or 
defeasance of any Credit Facilities, Secured Indebtedness or Indebtedness 
incurred pursuant to clause (iv) above or (y) any Secured Indebtedness that 
otherwise qualifies as “Refinancing Indebtedness” as defined herein;

(xiv) (A) Indebtedness, Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock of the Issuer 
or a Restricted Subsidiary incurred or issued to finance an acquisition (or 
other purchase of assets) or (B) Indebtedness, Disqualified Stock or 
Preferred Stock of Persons that are acquired by the Issuer or any 
Restricted Subsidiary or merged into or consolidated with the Issuer or a 
Restricted Subsidiary in accordance with the terms of this Indenture; 
provided that in the case of clauses (A) and (B), after giving effect to 
such acquisition, merger, amalgamation or consolidation, (1) the aggregate 
amount of such Indebtedness does not exceed $25.0 million at any time 
outstanding, or (2) either (x) the Issuer would be permitted to incur at 
least $1.00 of additional Indebtedness pursuant to the Fixed Charge 
Coverage Test set forth in Section 4.09(a) hereof, or (y) the Fixed Charge 
Coverage Ratio for the Issuer and its Restricted Subsidiaries is equal to 
or greater than immediately prior to such acquisition, merger, amalgamation 
or consolidation;
 
-77-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(xv) Indebtedness arising from the honoring by a bank or other financial 
institution of a check, draft or similar instrument drawn against 
insufficient funds in the ordinary course of business;

(xvi) Indebtedness of the Issuer or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries 
supported by a letter of credit issued pursuant to the Credit Facilities, 
in a principal amount not in excess of the stated amount of such letter of 
credit;

(xvii) (A) any guarantee by the Issuer or a Restricted Subsidiary of 
Indebtedness or other obligations of any Restricted Subsidiary so long as 
the incurrence of such Indebtedness by such Restricted Subsidiary is 
permitted under the terms of this Indenture;

(B) any guarantee by a Restricted Subsidiary of Indebtedness or other 
obligations of the Issuer so long as the incurrence of such Indebtedness by 
such Restricted Subsidiary is permitted under the terms of this Indenture; 
and

(C) any incurrence by the Co-Issuer of Indebtedness as a co-issuer of 
Indebtedness of the Issuer that was permitted to be incurred by another 
provision of this Section 4.09;

(xviii) (A) Indebtedness consisting of Indebtedness issued by the Issuer or 
any of its Restricted Subsidiaries to future, present or former employees, 
directors, officers, managers and consultants thereof, their respective 
Controlled Investment Affiliates or Immediate Family Members, in each case 
to finance the purchase or redemption of Equity Interests of the Issuer or 
any direct or indirect parent company of the Issuer to the extent described 
in clause (iv) of Section 4.07(b) hereof, and (B) Indebtedness representing 
deferred compensation to employees of the Issuer (or any direct or indirect 
parent thereof) or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries incurred in the 
ordinary course of business;

(xix) to the extent constituting Indebtedness, customer deposits and 
advance payments (including progress premiums) received in the ordinary 
course of business from customers for goods and services purchased in the 
ordinary course of business;

(xx) (A) Indebtedness owed on a short-term basis of no longer than 30 days 
to banks and other financial institutions incurred in the ordinary course 
of business of the Issuer and its Restricted Subsidiaries with such banks 
or financial institutions that arises in connection with ordinary banking 
arrangements to manage cash balances of the Issuer and its Restricted 
Subsidiaries and (B) Indebtedness in respect of Bank Products;

(xxi) Indebtedness incurred by a Restricted Subsidiary in connection with 
bankers’ acceptances, discounted bills of exchange or the discounting or 
factoring of receivables or payables for credit management purposes, in 
each case incurred or undertaken consistent with past practice or in the 
ordinary course of business on arm’s length commercial terms;

(xxii) Indebtedness of the Issuer or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries 
consisting of (A) the financing of insurance premiums or (B) take-or-pay 
obligations contained in supply arrangements, in each case incurred in the 
ordinary course of business;

(xxiii) the incurrence of Indebtedness of Restricted Subsidiaries of the 
Issuer that are not the Co-Issuer or the Guarantors in an amount at any one 
time outstanding under this clause (xxiii) not to exceed together with any 
other Indebtedness incurred under this clause (xxiii) $50.0 million 
(determined on the date of such incurrence); it being understood that any 
Indebtedness deemed incurred pursuant to this clause (xxiii) shall cease to 
be deemed incurred or outstanding for purposes of this clause (xxiii) but 
shall be deemed incurred for the purposes of Section 4.09(a) hereof from 
and after the first date on which the Issuer or such Restricted 
Subsidiaries could have incurred such Indebtedness under Section 4.09(a) 
hereof without reliance on this clause (xxiii);
 
-78-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(xxiv) Indebtedness of the Issuer or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries 
undertaken in connection with cash management and related activities with 
respect to any Subsidiary or joint venture in the ordinary course of 
business;

(xxv) Indebtedness of Foreign Subsidiaries in an amount not to exceed, at 
any one time outstanding and together with any other Indebtedness incurred 
under this clause (xxv), 10.0% of the total assets of the Foreign 
Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis as shown on the Issuer’s most recent 
balance sheet (it being understood that any Indebtedness incurred pursuant 
to this clause (xxv) shall cease to be deemed incurred or outstanding for 
purposes of this clause (xxv) but shall be deemed incurred for the purposes 
of the Section 4.09(a) hereof from and after the first date on which the 
Issuer or its Restricted Subsidiaries could have incurred such Indebtedness 
under Section 4.09(a) hereof without reliance on this clause (xxv)); and

(xxvi) Indebtedness incurred by the Issuer or any of its Restricted 
Subsidiaries to the extent that the net proceeds thereof are deposited with 
the Trustee at or promptly after the funding of such Indebtedness to 
satisfy and discharge the Notes or exercise the Issuer’s legal defeasance 
or covenant defeasance option as described under Article 8 hereof, in each 
case, in accordance with this Indenture.

(c) For purposes of determining compliance with this Section 4.09:

(i) in the event that an item of Indebtedness, Disqualified Stock or 
Preferred Stock (or any portion thereof) meets the criteria of more than 
one of the categories of permitted Indebtedness, Disqualified Stock or 
Preferred Stock described in clauses (i) through (xxvi) of Section 4.09(b) 
hereof or is entitled to be incurred pursuant to Section 4.09(a) hereof, 
the Issuer, in its sole discretion, may classify or reclassify such item of 
Indebtedness, Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock (or any portion 
thereof) and shall only be required to include the amount and type of such 
Indebtedness, Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock in one of the clauses 
under Section 4.09(b) or under Section 4.09(a) hereof; provided that all 
Indebtedness outstanding under the Senior Secured Credit Facilities on the 
Reset Date (or, if none is then outstanding, the date the Senior Secured 
Credit Facilities are entered into on or before the Spin-Off Date) shall be 
treated as incurred on the Reset Date (or, if none is then outstanding, the 
date the Senior Secured Credit Facilities are entered into on or before the 
Spin-Off Date) under clause (i) of Section 4.09(b) hereof; and

(ii) the Issuer shall be entitled to divide and classify an item of 
Indebtedness in more than one of the types of Indebtedness described in 
Section 4.09(a) and Section 4.09(b) hereof.

Accrual of interest or dividends, the accretion of accreted value, the 
accretion or amortization of original issue discount and the payment of 
interest or dividends in the form of additional Indebtedness, Disqualified 
Stock or Preferred Stock, as the case may be, of the same class shall not 
be deemed to be an incurrence of Indebtedness, Disqualified Stock or 
Preferred Stock for purposes of this Section 4.09. Any Refinancing 
Indebtedness and any Indebtedness permitted to be incurred under this 
Indenture to refinance Indebtedness incurred pursuant to clauses (i) and 
(xii)(B) of Section 4.09(b) hereof shall be deemed to include additional 
Indebtedness, Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock incurred to pay 
premiums (including tender premiums), defeasance costs, fees and expenses 
in connection with such refinancing.

For purposes of determining compliance with any U.S. dollar-denominated 
restriction on the incurrence of Indebtedness, the U.S. Dollar Equivalent 
principal amount of Indebtedness denominated in a foreign currency shall be 
calculated based on the relevant currency exchange rate in effect on the 
date such Indebtedness was incurred, in the case of term debt, or first 
committed, in the case of revolving credit debt; provided that if such 
Indebtedness is incurred to refinance other Indebtedness denominated in a 
foreign currency, and such refinancing would cause the applicable U.S. 
dollar-denominated restriction to be exceeded if calculated at the relevant 
currency exchange rate in effect on the date of such refinancing, such U.S. 
dollar-denominated restriction shall be deemed not to have been exceeded so 
long as the principal amount of such refinancing Indebtedness does not 
exceed (A) the principal amount of such Indebtedness being refinanced plus 
(B) the aggregate amount of fees, underwriting discounts, premiums 
(including tender premiums) and other costs and expenses (including 
original issue discount, upfront fees or similar fees) incurred in 
connection with such refinancing.
 
-79-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
The principal amount of any Indebtedness incurred to refinance other 
Indebtedness, if incurred in a different currency from the Indebtedness 
being refinanced, shall be calculated based on the currency exchange rate 
applicable to the currencies in which such respective Indebtedness is 
denominated that is in effect on the date of such refinancing.

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, the Issuer shall not, and shall 
not permit the Co-Issuer or any Subsidiary Guarantor to, directly or 
indirectly, incur any Indebtedness (including Acquired Indebtedness) that 
is contractually subordinated or junior in right of payment to any 
Indebtedness of the Issuer, the Co-Issuer or such Guarantor, as the case 
may be, unless such Indebtedness is expressly subordinated in right of 
payment to the Notes or such Guarantor’s Guarantee to the extent and in the 
same manner as such Indebtedness is subordinated to other Indebtedness of 
the Issuer, the Co-Issuer or such Guarantor, as the case may be.

This Indenture shall not treat (1) unsecured Indebtedness as subordinated 
or junior to Secured Indebtedness merely because it is unsecured or (2) 
Indebtedness as subordinated or junior to any other Indebtedness merely 
because it has a junior priority with respect to the same collateral or 
because it is guaranteed by other obligors.

Section 4.10. Asset Sales.

(a) The Issuer shall not, and shall not permit any of its Restricted 
Subsidiaries to, consummate an Asset Sale, unless:

(i) the Issuer or such Restricted Subsidiary, as the case may be, receives 
consideration at the time of such Asset Sale at least equal to the fair 
market value (as determined in good faith by the Issuer at the time of 
contractually agreeing to such Asset Sale) of the assets sold or otherwise 
disposed of; and

(ii) except in the case of a Permitted Asset Swap, at least 75.0% of the 
consideration for such Asset Sale, together with all other Asset Sales 
since the Issue Date (on a cumulative basis), received by the Issuer or 
such Restricted Subsidiary, as the case may be, is in the form of Cash 
Equivalents; provided that the amount of:

(A) any liabilities (as shown on the Issuer’s or such Restricted 
Subsidiary’s most recent balance sheet or in the footnotes thereto or, if 
incurred or increased subsequent to the date of such balance sheet, such 
liabilities that would have been shown on the Issuer’s or such Restricted 
Subsidiary’s balance sheet or in the footnotes thereto if such incurrence 
or increase had taken place on or prior to the date of such balance sheet, 
as determined by the Issuer) of the Issuer or such Restricted Subsidiary, 
other than liabilities that are by their terms subordinated to the Notes, 
that are assumed by the transferee of any such assets pursuant to a written 
agreement which releases or indemnifies the Issuer or such Restricted 
Subsidiary from such liabilities;

(B) any securities, notes or other obligations or assets received by the 
Issuer or such Restricted Subsidiary from such transferee that are 
converted by the Issuer or such Restricted Subsidiary into Cash Equivalents 
(to the extent of the Cash Equivalents received) within 180 days (365 days 
in the case of any securities, notes or other obligations or assets 
received in respect of any Asset Sale of the Specified Real Property 
Assets) following the closing of such Asset Sale; and

(C) any Designated Non-cash Consideration received by the Issuer or such 
Restricted Subsidiary in such Asset Sale having an aggregate fair market 
value, taken together with all other Designated Non-cash Consideration 
received pursuant to this clause (C) that is at that time outstanding, not 
to exceed the greater of (i) $75.0 million and (ii) 5.0% of Total Assets at 
the time of the receipt of such Designated Non-cash Consideration, with the 
fair market value of each item of Designated Non-cash Consideration being 
measured at the time received and without giving effect to subsequent 
changes in value,

shall be deemed to be Cash Equivalents for purposes of this provision and 
for no other purpose.
 
-80-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(b) Within 365 days after the receipt of any Net Proceeds of any Asset 
Sale, the Issuer or such Restricted Subsidiary, at its option, may apply 
the Net Proceeds from such Asset Sale:

(i) to permanently reduce Indebtedness as follows:

(A) Obligations under the Senior Secured Credit Facilities, and to 
correspondingly reduce commitments with respect thereto;

(B) Obligations under Secured Indebtedness which is secured by a Lien that 
is permitted by this Indenture, and to correspondingly reduce commitments 
with respect thereto;

(C) Obligations under the Notes or any other Senior Indebtedness of the 
Issuer or any Restricted Subsidiary (and, in the case of other Senior 
Indebtedness, to correspondingly reduce any outstanding commitments with 
respect thereto, if applicable); provided that if the Issuer or any 
Restricted Subsidiary shall so repay any Senior Indebtedness other than the 
Notes, the Issuer will either (A) reduce Obligations under the Notes on a 
pro rata basis by, at its option, (x) redeeming Notes as provided under 
Section 3.07 hereof or (y) purchasing Notes through open-market purchases, 
or (B) make an offer (in accordance with the procedures set forth in 
Sections 3.08 and 4.10(c) hereof) to all Holders to purchase their Notes on 
a ratable basis with such other Senior Indebtedness for no less than 100.0% 
of the principal amount of such Notes, plus the amount of accrued but 
unpaid interest, if any, on the principal amount of the Notes to be 
repurchased, to, but excluding, the date of repurchase; or

(D) if the assets that are the subject of such Asset Sale are the property 
or assets of a Restricted Subsidiary that is not the Co-Issuer or a 
Guarantor, to permanently reduce Indebtedness of (i) a Restricted 
Subsidiary that is not the Co-Issuer or a Guarantor, other than 
Indebtedness owed to the Issuer or any Restricted Subsidiary, or (ii) the 
Issuer or a Subsidiary Guarantor; or

(ii) to make (A) an Investment in any one or more businesses, provided 
that such Investment in any business is in the form of the acquisition of 
Capital Stock and results in the Issuer or any of its Restricted 
Subsidiaries, as the case may be, owning an amount of the Capital Stock of 
such business such that it constitutes a Restricted Subsidiary, (B) capital 
expenditures or (C) acquisitions of other assets, in each of (A), (B) and 
(C), used or useful in a Similar Business; or

(iii) to make an Investment in (A) any one or more businesses, provided 
that such Investment in any business is in the form of the acquisition of 
Capital Stock and results in the Issuer or any of its Restricted 
Subsidiaries, as the case may be, owning an amount of the Capital Stock of 
such business such that it constitutes a Restricted Subsidiary, (B) capital 
expenditures, (C) properties or (D) acquisitions of other assets that, in 
each of (A), (B), (C) and (D), replace the businesses, properties and/or 
assets that are the subject of such Asset Sale;

provided that a binding commitment entered into not later than such 365th 
day shall be treated as a permitted application of the Net Proceeds from 
the date of such commitment so long as the Issuer or such Restricted 
Subsidiary enters into such commitment with the good faith expectation that 
such Net Proceeds will be applied to satisfy such commitment within the 
later of such 365th day and 180 days of such commitment (an “Acceptable 
Commitment”) and, in the event any Acceptable Commitment is later cancelled 
or terminated for any reason before the Net Proceeds are applied in 
connection therewith, the Issuer or such Restricted Subsidiary enters into 
another Acceptable Commitment (a “Second Commitment”) within 180 days of 
such cancellation or termination; provided further that if any Second 
Commitment is later cancelled or terminated for any reason before such Net 
Proceeds are applied, then such Net Proceeds shall constitute Excess 
Proceeds.

(c) Any Net Proceeds from the Asset Sale that are not invested or applied 
as provided and within the time period set forth in Section 4.10(b) hereof 
will be deemed to constitute “Excess Proceeds.” When the aggregate amount 
of Excess Proceeds exceeds $75.0 million, the Issuers shall make an offer 
(an “Asset Sale Offer”) to all Holders of the Notes and, if required by the 
terms of any Indebtedness that ranks pari passu with the Notes (“Pari
 
-81-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Passu Indebtedness”), to the holders of such Pari Passu Indebtedness, to 
purchase the maximum aggregate principal amount of the Notes and such Pari 
Passu Indebtedness that is in an amount equal to at least $2,000, or an 
integral multiple of $1,000 in excess thereof, that may be purchased out of 
the Excess Proceeds at an offer price, in the case of the Notes, in cash in 
an amount equal to 100.0% of the principal amount thereof (or accreted 
value thereof, if less), plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to the 
date fixed for the closing of such offer, and in the case of any Pari Passu 
Indebtedness at the offer price required by the terms thereof but not to 
exceed 100% of the principal amount thereof, plus accrued and unpaid 
interest, if any, in accordance with the procedures set forth in this 
Indenture and the agreement(s) governing such Pari Passu Indebtedness. The 
Issuers will commence an Asset Sale Offer with respect to Excess Proceeds 
within ten Business Days after the date that Excess Proceeds exceed $75.0 
million by delivering the notice required pursuant to the terms of this 
Indenture, with a copy to the Trustee. The Issuers may satisfy the 
foregoing obligations with respect to any Net Proceeds from an Asset Sale 
by making an Asset Sale Offer with respect to such Net Proceeds prior to 
the expiration of the relevant 365 days (or such longer period provided 
above) or with respect to Excess Proceeds of $75.0 million or less.

To the extent that the aggregate amount of Notes and such Pari Passu 
Indebtedness, as the case may be, tendered pursuant to an Asset Sale Offer 
is less than the Excess Proceeds, the Issuers may use any remaining Excess 
Proceeds for any purposes not otherwise prohibited under this Indenture. If 
the aggregate principal amount of Notes or the Pari Passu Indebtedness, as 
the case may be, surrendered by such holders thereof exceeds the amount of 
Excess Proceeds, the Issuers shall purchase the Notes and such Pari Passu 
Indebtedness, as the case may be, on a pro rata basis based on the accreted 
value or principal amount of the Notes or such Pari Passu Indebtedness, as 
the case may be, tendered with adjustments as necessary so that no Notes or 
Pari Passu Indebtedness, as the case may be, will be repurchased in part in 
an unauthorized denomination. Upon completion of any such Asset Sale Offer, 
the amount of Excess Proceeds that resulted in the requirement to make an 
Asset Sale Offer shall be reset to zero (regardless of whether there are 
any remaining Excess Proceeds upon such completion). Additionally, the 
Issuers may, at their option, make an Asset Sale Offer using the proceeds 
from any Asset Sale at any time after the consummation of such Asset Sale. 
Upon consummation or expiration of any Asset Sale Offer, any remaining Net 
Proceeds shall not be deemed Excess Proceeds and the Issuers may use such 
Net Proceeds for any purpose not otherwise prohibited under this Indenture.

(d) Pending the final application of any Net Proceeds pursuant to this 
Section 4.10, the holder of such Net Proceeds may apply such Net Proceeds 
temporarily to reduce Indebtedness outstanding under a revolving credit 
facility, including under the Senior Secured Credit Facilities, or 
otherwise invest such Net Proceeds in any manner not prohibited by this 
Indenture.

(e) The notice, if delivered electronically or mailed in a manner herein 
provided, shall be conclusively presumed to have been given, whether or not 
the Holder receives such notice. If (i) the notice is delivered 
electronically or mailed in a manner herein provided and (ii) any Holder 
fails to receive such notice or a Holder receives such notice but it is 
defective, such Holder’s failure to receive such notice or such defect 
shall not affect the validity of the proceedings for the purchase of the 
Notes as to all other Holders that properly received such notice without 
defect. The Issuers shall comply with the requirements of Rule 14e-1 under 
the Exchange Act and any other securities laws and regulations thereunder 
to the extent such laws or regulations are applicable in connection with 
the repurchase by the Issuers of the Notes pursuant to an Asset Sale Offer. 
To the extent that the provisions of any securities laws or regulations 
conflict with the provisions of this Indenture, the Issuers shall comply 
with the applicable securities laws and regulations and shall not be deemed 
to have breached its obligations described in this Indenture by virtue 
thereof.

The provisions of this Section 4.10 may be waived or modified with the 
written consent of the Holders of a majority in principal amount of all the 
Notes then outstanding.

Section 4.11. Transactions with Affiliates.

(a) The Issuer shall not, and shall not permit any of its Restricted 
Subsidiaries to, make any payment to, or sell, lease, transfer or otherwise 
dispose of any of its properties or assets to, or purchase any property or 
assets from, or enter into or make or amend any transaction, contract, 
agreement, understanding, loan, advance or guarantee with, or for the 
benefit of, any Affiliate of the Issuer (each of the foregoing, an “
Affiliate Transaction”) involving aggregate payments or consideration in 
excess of $25.0 million, unless:

(i) such Affiliate Transaction is on terms that are not materially less 
favorable to the Issuer or the relevant Restricted Subsidiary than those 
that would have been obtained in a comparable transaction by the Issuer or 
such Restricted Subsidiary with an unrelated Person on an arm’s-length 
basis; and

(ii) the Issuer delivers to the Trustee with respect to any Affiliate 
Transaction or series of related Affiliate Transactions involving aggregate 
payments or consideration in excess of $50.0 million, a resolution adopted 
by the majority of the Board of Directors of the Issuer approving such 
Affiliate Transaction and set forth in an Officer’s Certificate certifying 
that such Affiliate Transaction complies with clause (i) of this Section 
4.11(a).
 
-82-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(b) The provisions of Section 4.11(a) hereof shall not apply to the 
following:

(i) transactions between or among the Issuer or any of its Restricted 
Subsidiaries;

(ii) Restricted Payments permitted by Section 4.07 hereof and the 
definition of “Permitted Investments”;

(iii) (A) the payment of management, consulting, monitoring, transaction, 
advisory and other fees, indemnities and expenses pursuant to the Support 
and Services Agreement (plus any unpaid management, consulting, monitoring, 
transaction, advisory and other fees, indemnities and expenses accrued in 
any prior year) and any termination fees pursuant to the Support and 
Services Agreement and (B) transactions pursuant to the Transaction 
Agreements, or, in the case of each of (A) and (B), any amendment thereto 
or replacement thereof so long as any such amendment or replacement is not 
materially disadvantageous in the good faith judgment of the Board of 
Directors of the Issuer to the Holders when taken as a whole, as compared 
to the applicable agreement as in effect immediately prior to such 
amendment or replacement;

(iv) (A) employment agreements, employee benefit and incentive compensation 
plans and arrangements and (B) the payment of reasonable and customary fees 
and compensation paid to, and indemnities and reimbursements and employment 
and severance arrangements provided on behalf of or for the benefit of, 
current or former employees, directors, officers, managers or consultants 
of the Issuer, any of its direct or indirect parent companies or any of its 
Restricted Subsidiaries;

(v) transactions in which the Issuer or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries, 
as the case may be, delivers to the Trustee a letter from an Independent 
Financial Advisor stating that such transaction is fair to the Issuer or 
such Restricted Subsidiary from a financial point of view or stating that 
the terms are not materially less favorable, when taken as a whole, to the 
Issuer or the relevant Restricted Subsidiary than those that would have 
been obtained in a comparable transaction by the Issuer or such Restricted 
Subsidiary with an unrelated Person on an arm’s-length basis;

(vi) any agreement or arrangement as in effect as of the Issue Date, or any 
amendment thereto (so long as any such amendment is not disadvantageous in 
any material respect in the good faith judgment of the Issuer to the 
Holders when taken as a whole as compared to the applicable agreement as in 
effect on the Issue Date);

(vii) the existence of, or the performance by the Issuer or any of its 
Restricted Subsidiaries of its obligations under the terms of, any 
stockholders agreement (including any registration rights agreement or 
purchase agreement related thereto) to which it (or any parent company of 
the Issuer) is a party as of the Issue Date and any similar agreements 
which it (or any parent company of the Issuer) may enter into thereafter; 
provided that the existence of, or the performance by the Issuer or any of 
its Restricted Subsidiaries (or such parent company) of obligations under 
any future amendment to any such existing agreement or under any similar 
agreement entered into after the Issue Date shall only be permitted by this 
clause (vii) to the extent that the terms of any such amendment or new 
agreement are not otherwise disadvantageous in any material respect in the 
good faith judgment of the Issuer to the Holders when taken as a whole;
 
-83-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(viii) the Spin-Off Transaction (including each instrument or agreement to 
be entered into in connection with, or contemplated by, the Spin-Off 
Transaction) and the payment of all fees and expenses related thereto;

(ix) transactions with customers, clients, suppliers, contractors, joint 
venture partners or purchasers or sellers of goods or services that are 
Affiliates, in each case in the ordinary course of business or that are 
consistent with past practice and otherwise in compliance with the terms of 
this Indenture which are fair to the Issuer and its Restricted 
Subsidiaries, in the reasonable determination of the Issuer, or are on 
terms at least as favorable as might reasonably have been obtained at such 
time from an unaffiliated party;

(x) the issuance or transfer of Equity Interests (other than Disqualified 
Stock) of the Issuer to any direct or indirect parent company of the Issuer 
or to any Permitted Holder or to any employee, director, officer, manager 
or consultant (or their respective Affiliates or Immediate Family Members) 
of the Issuer, any of its direct or indirect parent companies or any of its 
Restricted Subsidiaries;

(xi) sales of accounts receivable, or participations therein, or 
Securitization Assets or related assets in connection with any Qualified 
Securitization Facility;

(xii) payments by the Issuer or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries to any 
of the Investors made for any financial advisory, financing, underwriting 
or placement services or in respect of other investment banking activities, 
including, without limitation, in connection with acquisitions or 
divestitures which payments are approved by the Issuer in good faith;

(xiii) payments and Indebtedness and Disqualified Stock (and cancellation 
of any thereof) of the Issuer and its Restricted Subsidiaries and Preferred 
Stock (and cancellation of any thereof) of any Restricted Subsidiary to any 
future, current or former employee, director, officer, manager or 
consultant (or their respective Controlled Investment Affiliates or 
Immediate Family Members) of the Issuer, any of its Subsidiaries or any of 
its direct or indirect parent companies pursuant to any management equity 
plan or stock option plan or any other management or employee benefit plan 
or agreement or any stock subscription or shareholder agreement that are, 
in each case, approved by the Issuer in good faith; and any employment 
agreements, stock option plans and other compensatory arrangements (and any 
successor plans thereto) and any supplemental executive retirement benefit 
plans or arrangements with any such employees, directors, officers, 
managers or consultants (or their respective Controlled Investment 
Affiliates or Immediate Family Members) that are, in each case, approved by 
the Issuer in good faith;

(xiv) (i) investments by Permitted Holders in securities or loans of the 
Issuer or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries (and payment of reasonable 
out-of-pocket expenses incurred by such Permitted Holders in connection 
therewith) so long as the investment is being offered by the Issuer or such 
Restricted Subsidiary generally to other investors on the same or more 
favorable terms, and (ii) payments to Permitted Holders in respect of 
securities or loans of the Issuer or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries 
contemplated in the foregoing subclause (i) or that were acquired from 
Persons other than the Issuer and its Restricted Subsidiaries, in each 
case, in accordance with the terms of such securities or loans;

(xv) payments to or from, and transactions with, any joint venture in the 
ordinary course of business or consistent with past practice (including, 
without limitation, any cash management activities related thereto);

(xvi) payments by the Issuer (and any direct or indirect parent company 
thereof) and its Subsidiaries pursuant to tax sharing agreements among the 
Issuer (and any such parent company) and its Subsidiaries, to the extent 
such payments are permitted under clause (xv)(B) of Section 4.07(b) hereof;

(xvii) any lease entered into between the Issuer or any Restricted 
Subsidiary, as lessee, and any Affiliate of the Issuer, as lessor, which is 
approved by the Issuer in good faith;

(xviii) intellectual property licenses in the ordinary course of business;
 
-84-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(xix) all payments to a direct or indirect parent entity of the Issuer 
otherwise permitted under this Indenture;

(xx) the payment of reasonable out-of-pocket costs and expenses relating to 
registration rights and indemnities provided to stockholders of the Issuer 
or any direct or indirect parent thereof pursuant to the stockholders, 
registration rights or similar agreements;

(xxi) the pledge of Equity Interests of any Unrestricted Subsidiary to 
lenders to support the Indebtedness of such Unrestricted Subsidiary owed to 
such lenders;

(xxii) Permitted Intercompany Activities and related transactions; and

(xxiii) any transactions with any Subsidiary or a joint venture or similar 
entity which would constitute an Affiliate Transaction solely because the 
Issuer or a Restricted Subsidiary owns an equity interest or otherwise 
controls such Subsidiary, joint venture or similar entity.

Section 4.12. Liens. The Issuer will not, and will not permit the Co-Issuer 
or any Subsidiary Guarantor to, directly or indirectly, create, incur, 
assume or suffer to exist any Lien (except Permitted Liens) that secures 
Obligations under any Indebtedness or any related guarantee of 
Indebtedness, on any asset or property of the Issuer, the Co-Issuer or any 
Subsidiary Guarantor, or any income or profits therefrom, or assign or 
convey any right to receive income therefrom, unless:

(a) in the case of Liens securing Subordinated Indebtedness, the Notes and 
related Subsidiary Guarantees are secured by a Lien on such property, 
assets or proceeds that is senior in priority to such Liens; and

(b) in all other cases, the Notes or the Subsidiary Guarantees are equally 
and ratably secured,

except that the foregoing shall not apply to or restrict Liens securing 
obligations in respect of the Notes (and Exchange Notes with respect 
thereto) and the related Guarantees.

Any Lien created for the benefit of the Holders of the Notes pursuant to 
this Section 4.12 shall be deemed automatically and unconditionally 
released and discharged upon the release and discharge of each of the Liens 
described in clauses (a) and (b) above.

Section 4.13. Company Existence. Subject to Article 5 hereof, the Issuer 
shall do or cause to be done all things necessary to preserve and keep in 
full force and effect its limited liability company existence and the 
corporate, partnership, limited liability company or other existence of 
each of its Restricted Subsidiaries (including the Co-Issuer), in 
accordance with the respective organizational documents (as the same may be 
amended from time to time) of the Issuer or any such Restricted Subsidiary; 
provided that the Issuer shall not be required to preserve the corporate, 
partnership or other existence of its Restricted Subsidiaries (other than 
the Co-Issuer), if the Issuer in good faith shall determine that the 
preservation thereof is no longer desirable in the conduct of the business 
of the Issuer and its Restricted Subsidiaries, taken as a whole. For the 
avoidance of doubt, the Issuer and its Restricted Subsidiaries will be 
permitted to change their organizational form; provided that for so long as 
an Issuer is organized as a partnership or a limited liability company, it 
will maintain a corporate co-issuer of the Notes.

Section 4.14. Offer to Repurchase Upon Change of Control Triggering Event. 
If a Change of Control Triggering Event occurs, unless the Issuers have 
previously or concurrently sent a redemption notice with respect to all the 
outstanding Notes as described under Sections 3.03 and 3.07 hereof, the 
Issuers shall make an offer to purchase all of the Notes pursuant to the 
offer described below (the “Change of Control Offer”) at a price in cash 
(the “Change of Control Payment”) equal to 101.0% of the aggregate 
principal amount thereof plus accrued and unpaid interest and Additional 
Interest, if any, to, but excluding, the date of purchase, subject to the 
right of Holders of record on the relevant Record Date to receive interest 
due on the relevant Interest Payment Date falling prior to or on the 
purchase date. Within 30 days following any Change of Control Triggering 
Event, the Issuers will send notice of such Change of Control Offer 
electronically or by first-class mail, with a copy to the Trustee, to each 
Holder to the address of such Holder appearing in the Note Register or 
otherwise delivered in accordance with the Applicable Procedures with the 
following information:

(a) that a Change of Control Offer is being made pursuant to this Section 
4.14 and that all Notes properly tendered pursuant to such Change of 
Control Offer will be accepted for payment by the Issuers;
 
-85-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(b) the purchase price and the purchase date, which will be no earlier than 
15 days nor later than 60 days from the date such notice is sent (the “
Change of Control Payment Date”), except in the case of a conditional 
Change of Control Offer made in advance of a Change of Control Triggering 
Event in accordance with clause (l) of this Section 4.14;

(c) that any Note not properly tendered will remain outstanding and 
continue to accrue interest;

(d) that unless the Issuers default in the payment of the Change of Control 
Payment, all Notes accepted for payment pursuant to the Change of Control 
Offer shall cease to accrue interest on the Change of Control Payment Date;

(e) that Holders electing to have any Notes purchased pursuant to a Change 
of Control Offer shall be required to surrender such Notes, with the form 
entitled “Option of Holder to Elect Purchase” on the reverse of such Notes 
completed or otherwise in accordance with the Applicable Procedures, to the 
Paying Agent specified in the notice at the address specified in the notice 
prior to the close of business on the third Business Day preceding the 
Change of Control Payment Date;

(f) that Holders shall be entitled to withdraw their tendered Notes and 
their election to require the Issuers to purchase such Notes; provided 
that the Paying Agent receives, not later than the close of business on the 
second Business Day prior to the expiration date of the Change of Control 
Offer, a facsimile transmission, letter or other communication in 
accordance with the Applicable Procedures setting forth the name of the 
Holder of the Notes, the principal amount of Notes tendered for purchase, 
and a statement that such Holder is withdrawing its tendered Notes, or a 
specified portion thereof, and its election to have such Notes purchased;

(g) that Holders whose Notes are being purchased only in part shall be 
issued new Notes and such new Notes will be equal in principal amount to 
the unpurchased portion of the Notes surrendered. The unpurchased portion 
of the Notes must be equal to at least $2,000 or any integral multiple of 
$1,000 in excess of $2,000;

(h) if such notice is delivered prior to the occurrence of a Change of 
Control Triggering Event, stating that the Change of Control Offer is 
conditional on the occurrence of such Change of Control Triggering Event 
and shall describe each such condition, and, if applicable, shall state 
that, in the Issuer’s discretion, the Change of Control Payment Date may be 
delayed until such time (including more than 60 days after the notice is 
mailed or delivered, including by electronic transmission) as any such 
condition shall be satisfied, or that such repurchase may not occur and 
such notice may be rescinded in the event that any such condition shall not 
have been satisfied by the Change of Control Payment Date, or by the Change 
of Control Payment Date as so delayed; and

(i) any other instructions, as determined by the Issuers, consistent with 
this Section 4.14 that a Holder must follow in order to have the Notes 
repurchased.

The notice, if delivered electronically or mailed in a manner herein 
provided, shall be conclusively presumed to have been given, whether or not 
the Holder receives such notice. If (a) the notice is delivered or mailed 
in a manner herein provided and (b) any Holder fails to receive such notice 
or a Holder receives such notice but it is defective, such Holder’s failure 
to receive such notice or such defect shall not affect the validity of the 
proceedings for the purchase of the Notes as to all other Holders that 
properly received such notice without defect. The Issuers
 
-86-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
shall comply with the requirements of Rule 14e-1 under the Exchange Act and 
any other securities laws and regulations thereunder to the extent such 
laws or regulations are applicable in connection with the repurchase by the 
Issuers of Notes pursuant to a Change of Control Offer. To the extent that 
the provisions of any securities laws or regulations conflict with the 
provisions of this Indenture, the Issuers shall comply with the applicable 
securities laws and regulations and shall not be deemed to have breached 
its obligations described in this Indenture by virtue thereof.

(j) On the Change of Control Payment Date, the Issuers shall, to the extent 
permitted by law:

(i) accept for payment all Notes issued by it or portions thereof properly 
tendered pursuant to the Change of Control Offer;

(ii) deposit with the Paying Agent an amount equal to the aggregate Change 
of Control Payment in respect of all Notes or portions thereof so tendered; 
and

(iii) deliver, or cause to be delivered, to the Trustee for cancellation 
the Notes so accepted together with an Officer’s Certificate to the Trustee 
stating that such Notes or portions thereof have been tendered to and 
purchased by the Issuers.

(k) The Issuers shall not be required to make a Change of Control Offer 
following a Change of Control Triggering Event if a third party makes the 
Change of Control Offer in the manner, at the times and otherwise in 
compliance with the requirements set forth in this Indenture applicable to 
a Change of Control Offer made by the Issuers and purchases all Notes 
validly tendered and not withdrawn under such Change of Control Offer.

(l) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, a Change of Control 
Offer may be made in advance of a Change of Control Triggering Event, 
conditional upon such Change of Control Triggering Event, if a definitive 
agreement is in place for the Change of Control Triggering Event at the 
time of making of the Change of Control Offer.

(m) Other than as specifically provided in this Section 4.14, any purchase 
pursuant to this Section 4.14 shall be made pursuant to the provisions of 
Sections 3.02, 3.05 and 3.06 hereof, and references therein to “redeem,” 
“redemption,” “Redemption Date” and similar words shall be deemed to refer 
to “purchase,” “repurchase” and “Change of Control Payment Date” and 
similar words, as applicable.

The provisions of this Section 4.14 may be waived or modified with the 
written consent of the Holders of a majority in principal amount of all the 
Notes then outstanding.

Section 4.15. Limitation on Guarantees of Indebtedness by Restricted 
Subsidiaries. The Issuer shall not permit any of its Wholly Owned 
Subsidiaries that are Restricted Subsidiaries (and non-Wholly Owned 
Subsidiaries if such non-Wholly Owned Subsidiaries guarantee other capital 
markets debt securities of the Issuer, the Co-Issuer or any Subsidiary 
Guarantor), other than a Subsidiary Guarantor, the Co-Issuer, a Foreign 
Subsidiary or a Securitization Subsidiary, to guarantee the payment of (i) 
any Credit Facility permitted under clause (i) of Section 4.09(b) hereof or 
(ii) capital markets debt securities of the Issuer, the Co-Issuer or any 
Subsidiary Guarantor unless:

(a) such Restricted Subsidiary within 60 days after the guarantee of such 
Indebtedness executes and delivers a supplemental indenture to this 
Indenture, the form of which is attached as Exhibit D hereto, providing for 
a Guarantee by such Restricted Subsidiary, except that with respect to a 
guarantee of Indebtedness of the Issuer, the Co-Issuer or any Subsidiary 
Guarantor, if such Indebtedness is by its express terms subordinated in 
right of payment to the Notes or such Guarantor’s Guarantee, any such 
guarantee by such Restricted Subsidiary with respect to such Indebtedness 
shall be subordinated in right of payment to such Guarantee substantially 
to the same extent as such Indebtedness is subordinated to the Notes; and

(b) such Restricted Subsidiary waives and shall not in any manner 
whatsoever claim or take the benefit or advantage of, any rights of 
reimbursement, indemnity or subrogation or any other applicable rights 
against the Issuer or any other Restricted Subsidiary as a result of any 
payment by such Restricted Subsidiary under its Guarantee;
 
-87-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
provided that this Section 4.15 shall not be applicable to any guarantee of 
any Restricted Subsidiary that existed at the time such Person became a 
Restricted Subsidiary and was not incurred in connection with, or in 
contemplation of, such Person becoming a Restricted Subsidiary. The Issuer 
may elect, in its sole discretion, to cause any Subsidiary that is not 
otherwise required to be a Guarantor to become a Guarantor, in which case 
such Subsidiary shall not be required to comply with the 60 day period 
described in clause (a) of this Section 4.15.

Section 4.16. Limitations on Business Activities of the Co-Issuer.

The Co-Issuer may not hold any assets, become liable for any obligations or 
engage in any business activities; provided that it may be a co-obligor or 
guarantor with respect to the Notes or any other Indebtedness issued by the 
Issuer, and may engage in any activities related thereto or necessary in 
connection therewith. The Co-Issuer shall be a Wholly Owned Subsidiary of 
the Issuer at all times.

Section 4.17. Suspension of Covenants.

(a) If at any time (i) the Notes have an Investment Grade Rating from both 
of the Rating Agencies and (ii) no Default has occurred and is continuing 
under this Indenture, then, beginning on that day (the occurrence of the 
events described in the foregoing clauses (i) and (ii) being collectively 
referred to as a “Covenant Suspension Event”), each of Section 4.07, 
Section 4.08, Section 4.09, Section 4.10, Section 4.11, Section 4.15 and 
clause (iv) of Section 5.01(a) hereof shall no longer be applicable to the 
Notes (collectively, the “Suspended Covenants”).

(b) In the event that the Issuer and its Restricted Subsidiaries are not 
subject to the Suspended Covenants under this Indenture for any period of 
time as a result of the foregoing, and on any subsequent date (the “Re
version Date”) either of the Rating Agencies rate the Notes below an 
Investment Grade Rating, then the Issuer and its Restricted Subsidiaries 
will thereafter again be subject to the Suspended Covenants under this 
Indenture with respect to future events. The period of time between the 
Covenant Suspension Event and the Reversion Date is referred to as the “
Suspension Period.” Upon the occurrence of a Covenant Suspension Event, the 
amount of Excess Proceeds from any Asset Sales shall be reset to zero.

(c) During the Suspension Period, the Issuer and its Restricted 
Subsidiaries shall be entitled to incur Liens to the extent provided for 
under Section 4.12 (including, without limitation, Permitted Liens) to the 
extent provided for in such section and any Permitted Liens which may refer 
to one or more Suspended Covenants shall be interpreted as though such 
applicable Suspended Covenant(s) continued to be applicable during the 
Suspension Period (but solely for purposes of Section 4.12 and no other 
section).

(d) Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event of any such reinstatement 
of the Suspended Covenants, no action taken or omitted to be taken by the 
Issuer or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries prior to such reinstatement 
that was permitted at such time will give rise to a Default or Event of 
Default under this Indenture with respect to the Notes; provided, that (1) 
with respect to Restricted Payments made after such reinstatement, the 
amount available to be made as Restricted Payments will be calculated as 
though Section 4.07 had been in effect prior to, but not during, the 
Suspension Period; and (2) all Indebtedness incurred, or Disqualified Stock 
issued, during the Suspension Period will be classified to have been 
incurred or issued pursuant to clause (iii) of Section 4.09(b); (3) any 
Affiliate Transaction entered into after such reinstatement pursuant to an 
agreement entered into during any Suspension Period shall be deemed to be 
permitted pursuant to clause (vi) of Section 4.11(b); (4) any encumbrance 
or restriction on the ability of any Restricted Subsidiary that is not the 
Co-Issuer or a Guarantor to take any action described in clauses (i) 
through (iii) of Section 4.08(a) that becomes effective during any 
Suspension Period shall be deemed to be permitted pursuant to clause (i) of 
Section 4.08(b); and (5) no Subsidiary of the Issuer (other than the 
Co-Issuer) shall be required to comply with Section 4.15 after such 
reinstatement with respect to any guarantee entered into by such Subsidiary 
during any Suspension Period.

(e) The Trustee shall have no obligation to determine if the Notes have an 
Investment Grade Rating at any time or to provide Holders with notice of 
whether the Notes have an Investment Grade Rating or no longer have an 
Investment Grade Rating.
 
-88-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
ARTICLE 5
SUCCESSORS

Section 5.01. Merger, Consolidation or Sale of All or Substantially All 
Assets.

(a) The Issuer may not consolidate or merge with or into or wind up into 
(whether or not the Issuer is the surviving Person), or sell, assign, 
transfer, lease, convey or otherwise dispose of all or substantially all of 
its properties or assets, in one or more related transactions, to any 
Person unless:

(i) the Issuer is the surviving Person or the Person formed by or surviving 
any such consolidation or merger (if other than the Issuer) or to which 
such sale, assignment, transfer, lease, conveyance or other disposition 
will have been made, is a Person organized or existing under the laws of 
the United States, any state thereof, the District of Columbia, or any 
territory thereof (such Person, as the case may be, being herein called the 
“Successor Company”); provided that in such a transaction where the 
surviving Person is not a corporation, a co-obligor of the Notes is a 
corporation;

(ii) the Successor Company, if other than the Issuer, expressly assumes all 
the obligations of the Issuer under this Indenture, the Notes and the 
Registration Rights Agreement (if the Exchange Offer contemplated therein 
has not been consummated) pursuant to supplemental indentures or other 
documents or instruments;

(iii) immediately after such transaction, no Default exists;

(iv) immediately after giving pro forma effect to such transaction and any 
related financing transactions, as if such transactions had occurred at the 
beginning of the applicable four-quarter period:

(A) the Issuer would be permitted to incur at least $1.00 of additional 
Indebtedness pursuant to the Fixed Charge Coverage Test; or

(B) the Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio for the Issuer and its Restricted 
Subsidiaries would be equal to or greater than the Fixed Charge Coverage 
Ratio for the Issuer and its Restricted Subsidiaries immediately prior to 
such transaction;

(v) each Guarantor, unless it is the other party to the transactions 
described above, in which case clause (i)(B) of Section 5.01(e) hereof 
shall apply, shall have by supplemental indenture confirmed that its 
Guarantee shall apply to such Person’s obligations under this Indenture, 
the Notes and the Registration Rights Agreement;

(vi) the Co-Issuer, unless it is the party to the transactions described 
above, shall have by supplemental indenture confirmed that it continues to 
be a co-obligor of the Notes; and

(vii) the Issuer or, if applicable, the Successor Company shall have 
delivered to the Trustee an Officer’s Certificate and an Opinion of 
Counsel, each stating that such consolidation, merger or transfer and such 
supplemental indentures, if any, comply with this Indenture.

(b) The Successor Company shall succeed to, and be substituted for, the 
Issuer under this Indenture, the Guarantees and the Notes, as applicable, 
and the Issuer will automatically be released and discharged from its 
obligations under this Indenture, the Guarantees and the Notes.
 
-89-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(c) Notwithstanding clauses (iii) and (iv) of Section 5.01(a) hereof:

(i) any Restricted Subsidiary may consolidate or amalgamate with or merge 
with or into or transfer all or part of its properties and assets to the 
Issuer or a Subsidiary Guarantor; and

(ii) the Issuer may merge with an Affiliate of the Issuer solely for the 
purpose of reorganizing the Issuer in the United States, any state thereof, 
the District of Columbia or any territory thereof so long as the amount of 
Indebtedness of the Issuer and its Restricted Subsidiaries is not increased 
thereby.

(d) The Co-Issuer may not, directly or indirectly, consolidate or merge 
with or into or windup into (whether or not the Co-Issuer is the surviving 
corporation), or sell, assign, transfer, lease, convey or otherwise dispose 
of all or substantially all of the Co-Issuer’s properties or assets, in one 
or more related transactions, to any Person, unless:

(i) (A) concurrently therewith, a corporate Wholly Owned Restricted 
Subsidiary of the Issuer organized and validly existing under the laws of 
the United States, any state thereof, the District of Columbia or any 
territory thereof (which may be the continuing Person as a result of such 
transaction) expressly assumes all the obligations of the Co-Issuer under 
the Notes and the Registration Rights Agreement (if the exchange offer 
contemplated therein has not been consummated) pursuant to supplemental 
indentures or other documents or instruments; or

(B) after giving effect thereto, at least one obligor on the Notes shall be 
a corporation organized and validly existing under the laws of the United 
States, any state thereof, the District of Columbia or any territory 
thereof;

(ii) immediately after such transaction, no Default or Event of Default 
will have occurred and be continuing; and

(iii) the Co-Issuer shall have delivered to the Trustee an Officer’s 
Certificate and an Opinion of Counsel, each stating that such 
consolidation, merger or transfer and such supplemental indenture, if any, 
comply with this Indenture.

(e) Subject to Section 10.06 hereof, no Subsidiary Guarantor shall, and the 
Issuer shall not permit any Subsidiary Guarantor to, consolidate or merge 
with or into or wind up into (whether or not such Subsidiary Guarantor is 
the surviving Person), or sell, assign, transfer, lease, convey or 
otherwise dispose of all or substantially all of its properties or assets, 
in one or more related transactions, to any Person unless:

(i) (A) such Guarantor is the surviving Person or the Person formed by or 
surviving any such consolidation or merger (if other than such Guarantor) 
or to which such sale, assignment, transfer, lease, conveyance or other 
disposition will have been made is a Person organized or existing under the 
laws of the jurisdiction of organization of such Guarantor, as applicable, 
or the laws of the United States, any state thereof, the District of 
Columbia, or any territory thereof (such surviving Guarantor or such 
Person, as the case may be, being herein called the “Successor Person”);

(B) the Successor Person, if other than such Guarantor, expressly assumes 
all the obligations of such Guarantor under this Indenture and such 
Guarantor’s related Guarantee pursuant to supplemental indentures or other 
documents or instruments;

(C) immediately after such transaction, no Default exists; and

(D) the Issuer shall have delivered to the Trustee an Officer’s Certificate 
and an Opinion of Counsel, each stating that such consolidation, merger or 
transfer and such supplemental indentures, if any, comply with this 
Indenture; or

(ii) the transaction is made in compliance with Section 4.10(a) hereof; or

(iii) in the case of assets comprised of Equity Interests of Subsidiaries 
that are not Guarantors, such Equity Interests are sold, assigned, 
transferred, leased, conveyed or otherwise disposed of to one or more 
Restricted Subsidiaries.
 
-90-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(f) Subject to Section 10.06 hereof, the Successor Person shall succeed to, 
and be substituted for, such Guarantor under this Indenture and such 
Guarantor’s Guarantee. Notwithstanding the foregoing, any Subsidiary 
Guarantor may (1) merge or consolidate with or into, wind up into or 
transfer all or part of its properties and assets to another Subsidiary 
Guarantor or the Issuer, (2) merge with an Affiliate of the Issuer solely 
for the purpose of reorganizing such Subsidiary Guarantor in the United 
States, any state thereof, the District of Columbia or any territory 
thereof, (3) convert into a corporation, partnership, limited partnership, 
limited liability company or trust organized or existing under the laws of 
the jurisdiction of organization of such Subsidiary Guarantor or (4) 
liquidate or dissolve or change its legal form if the Issuer determines in 
good faith that such action is in the best interests of the Issuer, in each 
case, without regard to the requirements set forth in Section 5.01(e). HGV 
Parent and HGV Intermediate Parent may merge with an Affiliate of the 
Issuer solely for the purpose of reincorporating or reorganizing HGV Parent 
or HGV Intermediate Parent, as the case may be, in the United States, any 
state thereof, the District of Columbia or any territory thereof. 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section 5.01, (A) the 
Issuer may contribute or transfer the Capital Stock of any or all of its 
Subsidiaries to any Subsidiary Guarantor, and (B) nothing contained in this 
Section 5.01 shall prohibit the Spin-Off Transaction.

Section 5.02. Successor Person Substituted. Upon any consolidation or 
merger, or any sale, assignment, transfer, lease, conveyance or other 
disposition of all or substantially all of the assets of the Issuer, the 
Co-Issuer or a Subsidiary Guarantor in accordance with Section 5.01 hereof, 
the successor Person formed by such consolidation or into or with which the 
Issuer, the Co-Issuer or such Subsidiary Guarantor, as applicable, is 
merged or to which such sale, assignment, transfer, lease, conveyance or 
other disposition is made shall succeed to, and be substituted for (so that 
from and after the date of such consolidation, merger, sale, lease, 
conveyance or other disposition, the provisions of this Indenture referring 
to the Issuer, the Co-Issuer or such Subsidiary Guarantor, as applicable, 
shall refer instead to the successor Person, as applicable, and not to the 
Issuer, the Co-Issuer or such Subsidiary Guarantor, as applicable), and may 
exercise every right and power of the Issuer, the Co-Issuer or such 
Subsidiary Guarantor, as applicable, under this Indenture with the same 
effect as if such successor Person, as applicable, had been named as the 
Issuer, the Co-Issuer or a Subsidiary Guarantor, as applicable, herein; 
provided that the predecessor Issuer shall not be relieved from the 
obligation to pay, or to Guarantee the payment of, as applicable, the 
principal of and interest on the Notes, except in the case of a sale, 
assignment, transfer, lease, conveyance or other disposition of all or 
substantially all of the Issuer’s or the Co-Issuer’s assets, as applicable, 
that meets the requirements of Section 5.01 hereof.


ARTICLE 6
DEFAULTS AND REMEDIES

Section 6.01. Events of Default.

(a) An “Event of Default,” wherever used herein, means any one of the 
following events:

(i) default in payment when due and payable, upon redemption, acceleration 
or otherwise, of principal of, or premium, if any, on the Notes;

(ii) default for 30 consecutive days or more in the payment when due of 
interest on or with respect to the Notes;

(iii) subject to Section 4.03(d) hereof, failure by the Issuer, the 
Co-Issuer or any Guarantor for 60 days after receipt of written notice 
given by the Trustee or the Holders of not less than 25.0% in aggregate 
principal amount of the then outstanding Notes to comply with any of its 
obligations, covenants or agreements (other than a default referred to in 
clause (i) or (ii) above) contained in this Indenture or the Notes;
 
-91-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(iv) default under any mortgage, indenture or instrument under which there 
is issued or by which there is secured or evidenced any Indebtedness for 
money borrowed by the Issuer or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries or the 
payment of which is guaranteed by the Issuer or any of its Restricted 
Subsidiaries, other than Indebtedness owed to the Issuer or a Restricted 
Subsidiary, whether such Indebtedness or guarantee now exists or is created 
after the issuance of the Notes, if both:

(A) such default either results from the failure to pay any principal of 
such Indebtedness at its stated final maturity (after giving effect to any 
applicable grace periods) or relates to an obligation other than the 
obligation to pay principal of any such Indebtedness at its stated final 
maturity and results in the holder or holders of such Indebtedness causing 
such Indebtedness to become due prior to its stated maturity; and

(B) the principal amount of such Indebtedness, together with the principal 
amount of any other such Indebtedness in default for failure to pay 
principal at stated final maturity (after giving effect to any applicable 
grace periods), or the maturity of which has been so accelerated, aggregate 
$75.0 million or more outstanding;

(v) failure by the Issuer, the Co-Issuer or any Significant Subsidiary (or 
any group of Restricted Subsidiaries that together (as of the latest 
audited consolidated financial statements of the Issuer for a fiscal 
quarter end provided as required under Section 4.03 hereof) would 
constitute a Significant Subsidiary) to pay final judgments aggregating in 
excess of $75.0 million (net of amounts covered by insurance policies 
issued by reputable insurance companies), which final judgments remain 
unpaid, undischarged and unstayed for a period of more than 60 days after 
such judgment becomes final, and in the event such judgment is covered by 
insurance, an enforcement proceeding has been commenced by any creditor 
upon such judgment or decree which is not promptly stayed;

(vi) the Issuer, the Co-Issuer or any Significant Subsidiary (or any group 
of Restricted Subsidiaries that together (as of the latest audited 
consolidated financial statements of the Issuer for a fiscal quarter end 
provided as required under Section 4.03 hereof) would constitute a 
Significant Subsidiary), pursuant to or within the meaning of any 
Bankruptcy Law:

(A) commences proceedings to be adjudicated bankrupt or insolvent;

(B) consents to the institution of bankruptcy or insolvency proceedings 
against it, or the filing by it of a petition or answer or consent seeking 
reorganization or relief under applicable Bankruptcy Law;

(C) consents to the appointment of a receiver, liquidator, assignee, 
trustee, sequestrator or other similar official of it or for all or 
substantially all of its property;

(D) makes a general assignment for the benefit of its creditors; or

(E) generally is not paying its debts as they become due;

(vii) a court of competent jurisdiction enters an order or decree under any 
Bankruptcy Law that:

(A) is for relief against the Issuer, the Co-Issuer or any Significant 
Subsidiary (or any group of Restricted Subsidiaries that together (as of 
the latest audited consolidated financial statements of the Issuer for a 
fiscal quarter end provided as required under Section 4.03 hereof) would 
constitute a Significant Subsidiary), in a proceeding in which the Issuer, 
the Co-Issuer or any such Subsidiary or such group of Restricted 
Subsidiaries is to be adjudicated bankrupt or insolvent;
 
-92-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(B) appoints a receiver, liquidator, assignee, trustee, sequestrator or 
other similar official of the Issuer, the Co-Issuer or any Significant 
Subsidiary (or any group of Restricted Subsidiaries that together (as of 
the latest audited consolidated financial statements of the Issuer for a 
fiscal quarter end provided as required under Section 4.03 hereof) would 
constitute a Significant Subsidiary), or for all or substantially all of 
the property of the Issuer, the Co-Issuer or any such Significant 
Subsidiary or such group of Restricted Subsidiaries; or

(C) orders the liquidation of the Issuer, the Co-Issuer or any Significant 
Subsidiary (or any group of Restricted Subsidiaries that together (as of 
the latest audited consolidated financial statements of the Issuer for a 
fiscal quarter end provided as required under Section 4.03 hereof) would 
constitute a Significant Subsidiary);

and the order or decree remains unstayed and in effect for 60 consecutive 
days; or

(viii) the Guarantee of HGV Parent, HGV Intermediate Parent or any 
Significant Subsidiary (or any group of Restricted Subsidiaries that 
together (as of the latest audited consolidated financial statements of the 
Issuer for a fiscal quarter end provided as required under Section 4.03 
hereof) would constitute a Significant Subsidiary) shall for any reason 
cease to be in full force and effect or be declared null and void or any 
responsible officer of HGV Parent, HGV Intermediate Parent or any Guarantor 
that is a Significant Subsidiary (or the responsible officers of any group 
of Restricted Subsidiaries that together (as of the latest audited 
consolidated financial statements of the Issuer for a fiscal quarter end 
provided as required under Section 4.03 hereof) would constitute a 
Significant Subsidiary), as the case may be, denies in writing that it has 
any further liability under its Guarantee or gives written notice to such 
effect, other than by reason of the termination of this Indenture or the 
release of any such Guarantee in accordance with this Indenture.

(b) In the event of any Event of Default specified in clause (iv) of 
Section 6.01(a) hereof, such Event of Default and all consequences thereof 
(excluding any resulting payment default, other than as a result of 
acceleration of the Notes) shall be annulled, waived and rescinded, 
automatically and without any action by the Trustee or the Holders, if 
within 30 days after such Event of Default arose:

(i) the Indebtedness or guarantee that is the basis for such Event of 
Default has been discharged;

(ii) the requisite number of holders thereof have rescinded or waived the 
acceleration, notice or action (as the case may be) giving rise to such 
Event of Default; or

(iii) the default that is the basis for such Event of Default has been 
cured.

Section 6.02. Acceleration. If any Event of Default (other than an Event of 
Default of the type specified in clause (vi) or (vii) of Section 6.01(a) 
hereof) occurs and is continuing under this Indenture, the Trustee or the 
Holders of not less than 25.0% in aggregate principal amount of all the 
then outstanding Notes may, by notice to the Issuers and the Trustee, in 
either case specifying in such notice the respective Event of Default and 
that such notice is a “notice of acceleration”, declare the principal, 
premium, if any, interest and any other monetary obligations on all the 
then outstanding Notes to be due and payable immediately.

Upon the effectiveness of such declaration, such principal of and premium, 
if any, and interest will be due and payable immediately.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the case of an Event of Default arising 
under clause (vi) or (vii) of Section 6.01(a) hereof, all outstanding Notes 
will become due and payable without further action or notice. The Trustee 
may withhold from the Holders notice of any continuing Default, except a 
Default relating to the payment of principal, premium, if any, or interest, 
if it determines that withholding notice is in their interest. In addition, 
subject to Section 6.05, the Trustee will have no obligation to accelerate 
the Notes if in the judgment of the Trustee acceleration is not in the 
interests of the Holders of all of the Notes.
 
-93-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Section 6.03. Other Remedies. If an Event of Default occurs and is 
continuing, the Trustee may pursue any available remedy to collect the 
payment of principal, premium, if any, and interest on the Notes or to 
enforce the performance of any provision of the Notes or this Indenture.

The Trustee may maintain a proceeding even if it does not possess any of 
the Notes or does not produce any of them in the proceeding. A delay or 
omission by the Trustee or any Holder of a Note in exercising any right or 
remedy accruing upon an Event of Default shall not impair the right or 
remedy or constitute a waiver of or acquiescence in the Event of Default. 
All remedies are cumulative to the extent permitted by law.

Section 6.04. Waiver of Past Defaults. Holders of a majority in aggregate 
principal amount of all the Notes then outstanding, by written notice to 
the Trustee (with a copy to the Issuers, provided that any waiver or 
rescission under this Section 6.04 shall be valid and binding 
notwithstanding the failure to provide a copy of such notice to the 
Issuers) may on behalf of the Holders of all of the Notes waive any 
existing Default and its consequences under this Indenture (except a 
continuing Default in the payment of interest on, premium, if any, or the 
principal of any Note held by a non-consenting Holder) (including in 
connection with an Asset Sale Offer or a Change of Control Offer) and 
rescind any acceleration with respect to the Notes and its consequences 
under this Indenture (except if such rescission would conflict with any 
judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction). Upon any such waiver, such 
Default shall cease to exist, and any Event of Default arising therefrom 
shall be deemed to have been cured for every purpose of this Indenture; but 
no such waiver shall extend to any subsequent or other Default or impair 
any right consequent thereto.

Section 6.05. Control by Majority. Subject to Section 7.01(e) hereof, the 
Holders of a majority in aggregate principal amount of all the then 
outstanding Notes may direct the time, method and place of conducting any 
proceeding for exercising any remedy available to the Trustee or of 
exercising any trust or power conferred on the Trustee and the Trustee may 
take any other action deemed proper by the Trustee that is not inconsistent 
with such direction. The Trustee, however, may refuse to follow any 
direction that conflicts with law or this Indenture or that the Trustee 
determines is unduly prejudicial to the rights of any other Holder or that 
would involve the Trustee in personal liability.

Section 6.06. Limitation on Suits. Subject to Section 6.07 hereof, no 
Holder of a Note may pursue any remedy with respect to this Indenture or 
the Notes unless:

(a) such Holder has previously given the Trustee written notice that an 
Event of Default is continuing;

(b) the Holders of at least 25.0% in the aggregate principal amount of the 
then outstanding Notes have requested in writing the Trustee to pursue the 
remedy;

(c) the Holders of the Notes have offered the Trustee security or indemnity 
satisfactory to the Trustee against any loss, liability or expense;

(d) the Trustee has not complied with such request within 60 days after the 
receipt thereof and the offer of security or indemnity; and

(e) the Holders of a majority in aggregate principal amount of all the then 
outstanding Notes have not given the Trustee a direction in writing 
inconsistent with such written request within such 60-day period.

Section 6.07. Rights of Holders to Receive Payment. Notwithstanding any 
other provision of this Indenture, the contractual right expressly set 
forth in this Indenture or the Notes of any Holder of a Note to receive 
payment of principal, premium, if any, and Additional Interest, if any, and 
interest on the Note, on or after the respective due dates expressed in the 
Note (including in connection with an Asset Sale Offer or a Change of 
Control Offer), or to bring suit for the enforcement of any such payment on 
or after such respective dates, shall not be impaired or affected without 
the consent of such Holder.
 
-94-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Section 6.08. Collection Suit by Trustee. If an Event of Default specified 
in Section 6.01(a)(i) or (ii) hereof occurs and is continuing, the Trustee 
is authorized to recover judgment in its own name and as trustee of an 
express trust against the Issuers for the whole amount of principal of, 
premium, if any, Additional Interest, if any, and interest remaining unpaid 
on, the Notes and interest on overdue principal, if applicable, and, to the 
extent lawful, interest and such further amount as shall be sufficient to 
cover the costs and expenses of collection, including the reasonable 
compensation, expenses, disbursements and advances of the Trustee, its 
agents and counsel.

Section 6.09. Restoration of Rights and Remedies. If the Trustee or any 
Holder has instituted any proceeding to enforce any right or remedy under 
this Indenture and such proceeding has been discontinued or abandoned for 
any reason, or has been determined adversely to the Trustee or to such 
Holder, then and in every such case, subject to any determination in such 
proceedings, the Issuers, the Trustee and the Holders shall be restored 
severally and respectively to their former positions hereunder and 
thereafter all rights and remedies of the Trustee and the Holders shall 
continue as though no such proceeding has been instituted.

Section 6.10. Rights and Remedies Cumulative. Except as otherwise provided 
with respect to the replacement or payment of mutilated, destroyed, lost or 
stolen Notes in Section 2.07 hereof, no right or remedy herein conferred 
upon or reserved to the Trustee or to the Holders is intended to be 
exclusive of any other right or remedy, and every right and remedy shall, 
to the extent permitted by law, be cumulative and in addition to every 
other right and remedy given hereunder or now or hereafter existing at law 
or in equity or otherwise. The assertion or employment of any right or 
remedy hereunder, or otherwise, shall not prevent the concurrent assertion 
or employment of any other appropriate right or remedy.

Section 6.11. Delay or Omission Not Waiver. No delay or omission of the 
Trustee or of any Holder to exercise any right or remedy accruing upon any 
Event of Default shall impair any such right or remedy or constitute a 
waiver of any such Event of Default or an acquiescence therein. Every right 
and remedy given by this Article 6 or by law to the Trustee or to the 
Holders may be exercised from time to time, and as often as may be deemed 
expedient, by the Trustee or by the Holders, as the case may be.

Section 6.12. Trustee May File Proofs of Claim. The Trustee is authorized 
to file such proofs of claim and other papers or documents as may be 
necessary or advisable in order to have the claims of the Trustee 
(including any claim for the reasonable compensation, expenses, 
disbursements and advances of the Trustee, its agents and counsel) and the 
Holders allowed in any judicial proceedings relative to the Issuers (or any 
other obligor upon the Notes including the Guarantors), their creditors or 
their property and shall be entitled and empowered to participate as a 
member in any official committee of creditors appointed in such matter and 
to collect, receive and distribute any money or other property payable or 
deliverable on any such claims and any custodian in any such judicial 
proceeding is hereby authorized by each Holder to make such payments to the 
Trustee, and in the event that the Trustee shall consent to the making of 
such payments directly to the Holders, to pay to the Trustee any amount due 
to it for the reasonable compensation, expenses, disbursements and advances 
of the Trustee, its agents and counsel, and any other amounts due the 
Trustee under Section 7.07 hereof. To the extent that the payment of any 
such compensation, expenses, disbursements and advances of the Trustee, its 
agents and counsel, and any other amounts due the Trustee under Section 
7.07 hereof out of the estate in any such proceeding, shall be denied for 
any reason, payment of the same shall be secured by a Lien on, and shall be 
paid out of, any and all distributions, dividends, money, securities and 
other properties that the Holders may be entitled to receive in such 
proceeding whether in liquidation or under any plan of reorganization or 
arrangement or otherwise. Nothing herein contained shall be deemed to 
authorize the Trustee to authorize or consent to or accept or adopt on 
behalf of any Holder any plan of reorganization, arrangement, adjustment or 
composition affecting the Notes or the rights of any Holder, or to 
authorize the Trustee to vote in respect of the claim of any Holder in any 
such proceeding.

Section 6.13. Priorities. If the Trustee or any Agent collects any money or 
property pursuant to this Article 6, it shall pay out the money or property 
in the following order:

(a) FIRST, to the Trustee, such Agent, their agents and attorneys for 
amounts due under Section 7.07 hereof, including payment of all 
compensation, expenses and liabilities incurred, and all advances made, by 
the Trustee or such Agent and the costs and expenses of collection;
 
-95-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(b) SECOND, to Holders for amounts due and unpaid on the Notes for 
principal, premium, if any, Additional Interest, if any, and interest, 
ratably, without preference or priority of any kind, according to the 
amounts due and payable on the Notes for principal, premium, if any, and 
interest, respectively; and

(c) THIRD, to the Issuers or to such party as a court of competent 
jurisdiction shall direct including a Guarantor, if applicable.

The Trustee may fix a record date and payment date for any payment to 
Holders pursuant to this Section 6.13.

Section 6.14. Undertaking for Costs. In any suit for the enforcement of any 
right or remedy under this Indenture or in any suit against the Trustee for 
any action taken or omitted by it as a Trustee, a court in its discretion 
may require the filing by any party litigant in the suit of an undertaking 
to pay the costs of the suit, and the court in its discretion may assess 
reasonable costs, including reasonable attorneys’ fees and expenses, 
against any party litigant in the suit, having due regard to the merits and 
good faith of the claims or defenses made by the party litigant. This 
Section 6.14 does not apply to a suit by the Trustee, a suit by a Holder of 
a Note pursuant to Section 6.07 hereof, or a suit by Holders of more than 
10.0% in principal amount of the then outstanding Notes.


ARTICLE 7
TRUSTEE

Section 7.01. Duties of Trustee.

(a) If an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, the Trustee 
shall exercise such of the rights and powers vested in it by this 
Indenture, and use the same degree of care and skill in its exercise, as a 
prudent person would exercise or use under the circumstances in the conduct 
of such person’s own affairs.

(b) Except during the continuance of an Event of Default:

(i) the duties of the Trustee shall be determined solely by the express 
provisions of this Indenture and the Trustee need perform only those duties 
that are specifically set forth in this Indenture and no others, and no 
implied covenants or obligations shall be read into this Indenture against 
the Trustee; and

(ii) in the absence of willful misconduct or bad faith on its part, the 
Trustee may conclusively rely, as to the truth of the statements and the 
correctness of the opinions expressed therein, upon certificates or 
opinions furnished to the Trustee and conforming to the requirements of 
this Indenture. However, in the case of any such certificates or opinions 
which by any provision hereof are specifically required to be furnished to 
the Trustee, the Trustee shall examine the certificates and opinions to 
determine whether or not they conform to the requirements of this Indenture 
(but need not investigate or confirm the accuracy of mathematical 
calculations or other facts stated therein).

(c) The Trustee may not be relieved from liabilities for its own negligent 
action, its own negligent failure to act, or its own willful misconduct, 
except that:

(i) this paragraph does not limit the effect of paragraph (b) of this 
Section 7.01;

(ii) the Trustee shall not be liable for any error of judgment made in good 
faith by a Responsible Officer, unless it is proved in a court of competent 
jurisdiction that the Trustee was negligent in ascertaining the pertinent 
facts; and

(iii) the Trustee shall not be liable with respect to any action it takes 
or omits to take in good faith in accordance with a direction received by 
it pursuant to Section 6.02, 6.04 or 6.05 hereof.

(d) Whether or not therein expressly so provided, every provision of this 
Indenture that in any way relates to the Trustee is subject to paragraphs 
(a), (b) and (c) of this Section 7.01.
 
-96-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(e) The Trustee shall be under no obligation to exercise any of its rights 
or powers under this Indenture at the request or direction of any of the 
Holders unless the Holders have offered to the Trustee indemnity or 
security satisfactory to it against any loss, liability or expense.

(f) The Trustee shall not be liable for interest on any money received by 
it except as the Trustee may agree in writing with the Issuers. Money held 
in trust by the Trustee need not be segregated from other funds except to 
the extent required by law.

Section 7.02. Rights of Trustee.

(a) The Trustee may conclusively rely upon any document believed by it to 
be genuine and to have been signed or presented by the proper Person. The 
Trustee need not investigate any fact or matter stated in the document, but 
the Trustee, in its discretion, may make such further inquiry or 
investigation into such facts or matters as it may see fit, and, if the 
Trustee shall determine to make such further inquiry or investigation, it 
shall be entitled to examine the books, records and premises of the Issuers 
and its Restricted Subsidiaries, personally or by agent or attorney at the 
sole cost of the Issuers and shall incur no liability or additional 
liability of any kind by reason of such inquiry or investigation.

(b) Before the Trustee acts or refrains from acting, it may require an 
Officer’s Certificate or an Opinion of Counsel or both. The Trustee shall 
not be liable for any action it takes or omits to take in good faith in 
reliance on such Officer’s Certificate or Opinion of Counsel. The Trustee 
may consult with counsel of its selection and the advice of such counsel or 
any Opinion of Counsel shall be full and complete authorization and 
protection from liability in respect of any action taken, suffered or 
omitted by it hereunder in good faith and in reliance thereon.

(c) The Trustee may act through its attorneys and agents and shall not be 
responsible for the misconduct or negligence of any agent or attorney 
appointed with due care.

(d) The Trustee shall not be liable for any action it takes or omits to 
take in good faith that it believes to be authorized or within the rights 
or powers conferred upon it by this Indenture.

(e) Unless otherwise specifically provided in this Indenture, any demand, 
request, direction or notice from the Issuer or the Co-Issuer shall be 
sufficient if signed by an Officer of the Issuer or the Co-Issuer, as 
applicable.

(f) None of the provisions of this Indenture shall require the Trustee to 
expend or risk its own funds or otherwise to incur any liability, financial 
or otherwise, in the performance of any of its duties hereunder, or in the 
exercise of any of its rights or powers if an indemnity satisfactory to it 
against such risk or liability is not assured to it.

(g) The Trustee shall not be deemed to have notice of any Default or Event 
of Default unless a Responsible Officer of the Trustee has actual knowledge 
thereof or unless written notice of any event which is in fact such a 
Default or Event of Default is received by the Trustee at the Corporate 
Trust Office, and such notice references the Notes and this Indenture.

(h) In no event shall the Trustee be responsible or liable for special, 
indirect, or consequential loss or damage of any kind whatsoever 
(including, but not limited to, loss of profit) irrespective of whether the 
Trustee has been advised of the likelihood of such loss or damage and 
regardless of the form of action.

(i) The rights, privileges, protections, immunities and benefits given to 
the Trustee, including, without limitation, its right to be indemnified, 
are extended to, and shall be enforceable by, the Trustee in each of its 
capacities hereunder, and each agent, custodian and other Person employed 
to act hereunder.

(j) In the event the Issuers are required to pay Additional Interest, the 
Issuers will provide written notice to the Trustee of the Issuers’ 
obligation to pay Additional Interest no later than 15 days prior to the 
next Interest Payment Date, which notice shall set forth the amount of the 
Additional Interest to be paid by the Issuers. The Trustee shall not at any 
time be under any duty or responsibility to any Holders to determine 
whether the Additional Interest is payable and the amount thereof.
 
-97-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(k) Delivery of reports, information and documents (including without 
limitation reports contemplated under Section 4.03 hereof) to the Trustee 
is for informational purposes only and the Trustee’s receipt of such shall 
not constitute constructive notice of any information contained therein or 
determinable from information contained therein, including the Issuers’ 
compliance with any of their covenants hereunder (as to which the Trustee 
is entitled to rely exclusively on Officer’s Certificates).

(l) The permissive rights of the Trustee to take certain actions under this 
Indenture shall not be construed as a duty unless so specified herein.

(m) The Trustee shall not be bound to make any investigation into the facts 
or matters stated in any resolution, certificate, statement, instrument, 
opinion, report, notice, request, consent, order, approval, bond, 
debenture, note or other paper or document unless requested in writing to 
do so by the Holders of not less than a majority in principal amount of the 
Notes at the time outstanding, but the Trustee, in its discretion, may make 
such further inquiry or investigation into such facts or matters as it may 
see fit, and, if the Trustee shall determine to make such further inquiry 
or investigation, it shall be entitled to examine the books, records and 
premises of the Issuers, personally or by agent or attorney, at the expense 
of the Issuers and shall incur no liability of any kind by reason of such 
inquiry or investigation.

(n) The Trustee may request that the Issuers deliver an Officer’s 
Certificate setting forth the names of individuals and/or titles of 
officers authorized at such time to take specified actions pursuant to this 
Indenture, which Officer’s Certificate may be signed by any Person 
authorized to sign an Officer’s Certificate, including any Person specified 
as so authorized in any such certificate previously delivered and not 
superseded.

(o) The Trustee shall not be responsible or liable for any failure or delay 
in the performance of its obligations under this Indenture arising out of 
or caused, directly or indirectly, by circumstances beyond its reasonable 
control, including, without limitation, acts of God; earthquakes; fire; 
flood; terrorism; wars and other military disturbances; sabotage; 
epidemics; riots; loss or malfunction of utilities, computer (hardware or 
software) or communication services; strikes or similar labor disputes; and 
acts of civil or military authorities and governmental action.

(p) The Trustee shall have no duty to inquire as to the performance of the 
Issuers with respect to the covenants contained in Article 4 or to make any 
calculation in connection therewith or in connection with any redemption of 
the Notes. In addition, except as otherwise expressly provided herein, the 
Trustee shall have no obligation to monitor or verify compliance by the 
Issuers or any Guarantor with any other obligation or covenant under this 
Indenture.

Section 7.03. Individual Rights of Trustee. The Trustee in its individual 
or any other capacity may become the owner or pledgee of Notes and may 
otherwise deal with the Issuers or any of their Affiliates with the same 
rights it would have if it were not Trustee. However, in the event that the 
Trustee acquires any conflicting interest (as such term is used in the 
Trust Indenture Act) it must eliminate such conflict within 90 days, apply 
to the SEC for permission to continue as Trustee (if this Indenture has 
been qualified under the Trust Indenture Act) or resign. Any Agent may do 
the same with like rights and duties. The Trustee is also subject to 
Sections 7.10 and 7.11 hereof.

Section 7.04. Trustee’s Disclaimer. The Trustee shall not be responsible 
for and makes no representation as to the validity or adequacy of this 
Indenture or the Notes, it shall not be accountable for the Issuers’ use of 
the proceeds from the Notes or any money paid to the Issuers or upon the 
Issuers’ direction under any provision of this Indenture, it shall not be 
responsible for the use or application of any money received by any Paying 
Agent other than the Trustee, and it shall not be responsible for any 
statement or recital herein or any statement in the Notes or any other 
document in connection with the sale of the Notes or pursuant to this 
Indenture other than its certificate of authentication.
 
-98-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Section 7.05. Notice of Defaults. If a Default occurs and is continuing and 
if it is known to a Responsible Officer of the Trustee, the Trustee shall 
deliver to Holders a notice of the Default within 90 days after it occurs, 
unless such Default shall have been cured or waived, or if discovered after 
90 days, promptly thereafter. The Trustee may withhold from the Holders 
notice of any continuing Default, except a Default relating to the payment 
of principal, premium, if any, or interest, if it determines that 
withholding notice is in their interest.

Section 7.06. Reports by Trustee to Holders. Within 60 days after each June 
1, beginning on June 1, 2017, and for so long as Notes remain outstanding, 
the Trustee shall send to the Holders a brief report dated as of such 
reporting date that complies with Trust Indenture Act Section 313(a) (but 
if no event described in Trust Indenture Act Section 313(a) has occurred 
within the twelve months preceding the reporting date, no report need be 
transmitted). The Trustee also shall comply with Trust Indenture Act 
Section 313(b)(2), to the extent applicable. The Trustee shall also send 
all reports as required by Trust Indenture Act Section 313(c).

A copy of each report at the time it is sent to the Holders shall be sent 
to the Issuers and filed with the SEC and each stock exchange on which the 
Notes are listed in accordance with Trust Indenture Act Section 313(d). The 
Issuers shall promptly notify the Trustee when the Notes are listed on any 
stock exchange or delisted therefrom.

Section 7.07. Compensation and Indemnity. The Issuers shall pay to the 
Trustee from time to time such compensation for its acceptance of this 
Indenture and services hereunder as the parties shall agree in writing from 
time to time. The Trustee’s compensation shall not be limited by any law on 
compensation of a trustee of an express trust. The Issuers shall reimburse 
the Trustee promptly upon request for all reasonable disbursements, 
advances and expenses incurred or made by it in addition to the 
compensation for its services. Such expenses shall include the reasonable 
compensation, disbursements and expenses of the Trustee’s agents and 
counsel.

The Issuers and the Guarantors, jointly and severally, shall indemnify the 
Trustee and its officers, directors, employees, agents and any predecessor 
trustee and its officers, directors, employees and agents for, and hold the 
Trustee harmless against, any and all loss, damage, claims, liability or 
expense (including reasonable attorneys’ fees and expenses) incurred by it 
in connection with the acceptance or administration of this trust and the 
performance of its duties hereunder (including the reasonable costs and 
expenses of enforcing this Indenture against the Issuers or any of the 
Guarantors (including this Section 7.07) or defending itself against any 
claim whether asserted by any Holder, the Issuers or any Guarantor, or 
liability in connection with the acceptance, exercise or performance of any 
of its powers or duties hereunder) (but excluding taxes imposed on such 
Persons in connection with compensation for such administration or 
performance). The Trustee shall notify the Issuers promptly of any claim of 
which a Responsible Officer has received written notice for which it may 
seek indemnity. Failure by the Trustee to so notify the Issuers shall not 
relieve the Issuers or the Guarantors of their obligations hereunder. The 
Issuers shall defend the claim and the Trustee may have separate counsel 
and the Issuers shall pay the reasonable fees and expenses of such counsel. 
Neither the Issuers nor any Guarantor need reimburse any expense or 
indemnify against any loss, liability or expense incurred by the Trustee 
through the Trustee’s own willful misconduct, negligence or bad faith. 
Neither the Issuers nor any Guarantor need pay for any settlement made 
without its consent.

The obligations of the Issuers and the Guarantors under this Section 7.07 
shall survive the satisfaction and discharge of this Indenture or the 
earlier resignation or removal of the Trustee.

To secure the payment obligations of the Issuers and the Guarantors in this 
Section 7.07, the Trustee shall have a Lien prior to the Notes on all money 
or property held or collected by the Trustee, except money or property held 
in trust to pay principal and interest on particular Notes. Such Lien shall 
survive the satisfaction and discharge of this Indenture.

When the Trustee incurs expenses or renders services after an Event of 
Default specified in Section 6.01(a)(vi) or Section 6.01(a)(vii) hereof 
occurs, the expenses and the compensation for the services (including the 
reasonable fees and expenses of its agents and counsel) are intended to 
constitute expenses of administration under any Bankruptcy Law.

Section 7.08. Replacement of Trustee. A resignation or removal of the 
Trustee and appointment of a successor Trustee shall become effective only 
upon the successor Trustee’s acceptance of appointment as provided in this 
Section 7.08. The Trustee may resign in writing at any time and be 
discharged from the trust hereby
 
-99-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
created by so notifying the Issuers. The Holders of a majority in principal 
amount of the then outstanding Notes may remove the Trustee by so notifying 
the Trustee and the Issuers in writing. The Issuers may remove the Trustee 
if:

(a) the Trustee fails to comply with Section 7.10 hereof or Trust Indenture 
Act Section 310;

(b) the Trustee is adjudged bankrupt or insolvent or an order for relief is 
entered with respect to the Trustee under any Bankruptcy Law;

(c) a custodian or public officer takes charge of the Trustee or its 
property; or

(d) the Trustee becomes incapable of acting.

If the Trustee resigns or is removed or if a vacancy exists in the office 
of Trustee for any reason, the Issuers shall promptly appoint a successor 
Trustee. Within one year after the successor Trustee takes office, the 
Holders of a majority in principal amount of the then outstanding Notes may 
appoint a successor Trustee to replace the successor Trustee appointed by 
the Issuers.

If a successor Trustee does not take office within 60 days after the 
retiring Trustee resigns or is removed, the retiring Trustee (at the 
Issuers’ expense), the Issuers or the Holders of at least 10% in principal 
amount of the then outstanding Notes, may petition any court of competent 
jurisdiction for the appointment of a successor Trustee.

If the Trustee, after written request by any Holder who has been a Holder 
for at least six months, fails to comply with Section 7.10 hereof, such 
Holder may petition any court of competent jurisdiction for the removal of 
the Trustee and the appointment of a successor Trustee.

A successor Trustee shall deliver a written acceptance of its appointment 
to the retiring Trustee and to the Issuers. Thereupon, the resignation or 
removal of the retiring Trustee shall become effective, and the successor 
Trustee shall have all the rights, powers and duties of the Trustee under 
this Indenture. The successor Trustee shall send a notice of its succession 
to Holders. The retiring Trustee shall promptly transfer all property held 
by it as Trustee to the successor Trustee; provided all sums owing to the 
Trustee hereunder have been paid and subject to the Lien provided for in 
Section 7.07 hereof. Notwithstanding replacement of the Trustee pursuant to 
this Section 7.08, the Issuers’ obligations under Section 7.07 hereof shall 
continue for the benefit of the retiring Trustee.

Section 7.09. Successor Trustee by Merger, etc. If the Trustee 
consolidates, merges or converts into, or transfers all or substantially 
all of its corporate trust business to, another corporation, the successor 
corporation without any further act shall be the successor Trustee.

Section 7.10. Eligibility; Disqualification. There shall at all times be a 
Trustee hereunder that is a corporation organized and doing business under 
the laws of the United States of America or of any state thereof that is 
authorized under such laws to exercise corporate trustee power, that is 
subject to supervision or examination by federal or state authorities and 
that has, together with its parent, a combined capital and surplus of at 
least $150.0 million as set forth in its most recent published annual 
report of condition.

This Indenture shall always have a Trustee who satisfies the requirements 
of Trust Indenture Act Sections 310(a)(1), (2) and (5). The Trustee is 
subject to Trust Indenture Act Section 310(b).

Section 7.11. Preferential Collection of Claims Against Issuers. The 
Trustee is subject to Trust Indenture Act Section 311(a), excluding any 
creditor relationship listed in Trust Indenture Act Section 311(b). A 
Trustee who has resigned or been removed shall be subject to Trust 
Indenture Act Section 311(a) to the extent indicated therein.
 
-100-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
ARTICLE 8
LEGAL DEFEASANCE AND COVENANT DEFEASANCE

Section 8.01. Option to Effect Legal Defeasance or Covenant Defeasance . 
The Issuers may, at their option and at any time, elect to have either 
Section 8.02 or 8.03 hereof applied to all outstanding Notes and all 
obligations of the Guarantors with respect to the Guarantees upon 
compliance with the conditions set forth below in this Article 8.

Section 8.02. Legal Defeasance and Discharge. Upon the Issuers’ exercise 
under Section 8.01 hereof of the option applicable to this Section 8.02, 
the Issuers and the Guarantors shall, subject to the satisfaction of the 
conditions set forth in Section 8.04 hereof, be deemed to have been 
discharged from their obligations with respect to all outstanding Notes and 
the related Guarantees and all Events of Default cured on the date the 
conditions set forth below are satisfied (“Legal Defeasance”). For this 
purpose, Legal Defeasance means that the Issuers and the Guarantors shall 
be deemed to have paid and discharged the entire Indebtedness represented 
by the outstanding Notes, which shall thereafter be deemed to be 
“outstanding” only for the purposes of Section 8.05 hereof and the other 
Sections of this Indenture referred to in (a) and (b) below (it being 
understood that such Notes shall not be deemed outstanding for accounting 
purposes), and to have satisfied all their other obligations under such 
Notes and this Indenture including that of the Guarantors (and the Trustee, 
on demand of and at the expense of the Issuers, shall execute proper 
instruments acknowledging the same) and to have cured all then existing 
Events of Default, except for the following provisions which shall survive 
until otherwise terminated or discharged hereunder:

(a) the rights of Holders to receive payments in respect of the principal 
of, premium, if any, and interest on the Notes when such payments are due 
solely out of the trust created pursuant to this Indenture referred to in 
Section 8.04 hereof;

(b) the Issuers’ obligations with respect to Notes concerning issuing 
temporary Notes, registration of such Notes, mutilated, destroyed, lost or 
stolen Notes and the maintenance of an office or agency for payment and 
money for security payments held in trust;

(c) the rights, powers, trusts, duties and immunities of the Trustee, and 
the Issuer’s and the Guarantors’ obligations in connection therewith; and

(d) this Section 8.02.

Subject to compliance with this Article 8, the Issuers may exercise their 
option under this Section 8.02 notwithstanding the prior exercise of its 
option under Section 8.03 hereof.

Section 8.03. Covenant Defeasance. Upon the Issuers’ exercise under Section 
8.01 hereof of the option applicable to this Section 8.03, the Issuers and 
the Guarantors shall, subject to the satisfaction of the conditions set 
forth in Section 8.04 hereof, be released from their obligations under 
Sections 3.08, 4.03, 4.04, 4.05, 4.07, 4.08, 4.09, 4.10, 4.11, 4.12, 4.13, 
4.14, 4.15 and 4.16 hereof, and clauses (iv) and (v) of Section 5.01(a), 
and Section 5.01(e) hereof with respect to all outstanding Notes and the 
related Guarantees, on and after the date the conditions set forth in 
Section 8.04 hereof are satisfied (“Covenant Defeasance”), and such Notes 
shall thereafter be deemed not “outstanding” for the purposes of any 
direction, waiver, consent or declaration or act of Holders (and the 
consequences of any thereof) in connection with such covenants, but shall 
continue to be deemed “outstanding” for all other purposes hereunder (it 
being understood that such Notes shall not be deemed outstanding for 
accounting purposes). For this purpose, Covenant Defeasance means that, 
with respect to all outstanding Notes and the related Guarantees, the 
Issuers and the Guarantors may omit to comply with and shall have no 
liability in respect of any term, condition or limitation set forth in any 
such covenant, whether directly or indirectly, by reason of any reference 
elsewhere herein to any such covenant or by reason of any reference in any 
such covenant to any other provision herein or in any other document and 
such omission to comply shall not constitute a Default or an Event of 
Default under Section 6.01 hereof, but, except as specified above, the 
remainder of this Indenture and such Notes and the Guarantees shall be 
unaffected thereby. In addition, upon the Issuers’ exercise under Section 
8.01 hereof of the option applicable to this Section 8.03 hereof, subject 
to the satisfaction of the conditions set forth in Section 8.04 hereof, 
Section 6.01(a)(iii) (solely with respect to the covenants that are 
released upon a Covenant Defeasance), 6.01(a)(iv), 6.01(a)(v), 6.01(a)(vi) 
(solely with respect to Restricted Subsidiaries (other than the Co-Issuer) 
subject thereto), 6.01(a)(vii) (solely with respect to Restricted 
Subsidiaries (other than the Co-Issuer) subject thereto) and 6.01(a)(viii) 
hereof shall not constitute Events of Default.
 
-101-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Section 8.04. Conditions to Legal or Covenant Defeasance. The following 
shall be the conditions to the application of either Section 8.02 or 8.03 
hereof to the outstanding Notes:

In order to exercise either Legal Defeasance or Covenant Defeasance with 
respect to the Notes:

(a) the Issuers must irrevocably deposit with the Trustee, in trust, for 
the benefit of the Holders of Notes, cash in U.S. dollars, U.S. Government 
Securities, or a combination thereof, in such amounts as will be 
sufficient, in the opinion of a nationally recognized firm of independent 
public accountants, to pay the principal of, premium, if any, and interest 
due on such Notes on the stated maturity date or on the Redemption Date, as 
the case may be, of such principal, premium, if any, or interest on such 
Notes and the Issuers must specify whether such Notes are being defeased to 
maturity or to a particular Redemption Date; provided that upon any 
redemption that requires the payment of the Applicable Premium, the amount 
deposited shall be sufficient for purposes of this Indenture to the extent 
that an amount is deposited with the Trustee equal to the Applicable 
Premium calculated as of the date of the notice of redemption, with any 
deficit as of the Redemption Date (any such amount, the “Applicable Premium 
Deficit”) only required to be deposited with the Trustee on or prior to the 
Redemption Date. Any Applicable Premium Deficit shall be set forth in an 
Officer’s Certificate delivered to the Trustee simultaneously with the 
deposit of such Applicable Premium Deficit that confirms that such 
Applicable Premium Deficit shall be applied toward such redemption;

(b) in the case of Legal Defeasance, the Issuers shall have delivered to 
the Trustee an Opinion of Counsel confirming that, subject to customary 
assumptions and exclusions:

(i) the Issuers have received from, or there has been published by, the 
United States Internal Revenue Service a ruling, or

(ii) since the issuance of the Notes, there has been a change in the 
applicable U.S. federal income tax law,

in either case to the effect that, and based thereon such Opinion of 
Counsel shall confirm that, subject to customary assumptions and 
exclusions, the beneficial owners of the Notes will not recognize income, 
gain or loss for U.S. federal income tax purposes as a result of such Legal 
Defeasance and will be subject to U.S. federal income tax on the same 
amounts, in the same manner and at the same times as would have been the 
case if such Legal Defeasance had not occurred;

(c) in the case of Covenant Defeasance, the Issuers shall have delivered to 
the Trustee an Opinion of Counsel confirming that, subject to customary 
assumptions and exclusions, the beneficial owners of the Notes will not 
recognize income, gain or loss for U.S. federal income tax purposes as a 
result of such Covenant Defeasance and will be subject to U.S. federal 
income tax on the same amounts, in the same manner and at the same times as 
would have been the case if such Covenant Defeasance had not occurred;

(d) no Event of Default (other than that resulting from borrowing funds to 
be applied to make such deposit and any similar and simultaneous deposit 
relating to other Indebtedness and, in each case, the granting of Liens in 
connection therewith) shall have occurred and be continuing on the date of 
such deposit;

(e) such Legal Defeasance or Covenant Defeasance shall not result in a 
breach or violation of, or constitute a default under, the Senior Secured 
Credit Facilities or any other material agreement or instrument (other than 
this Indenture) to which the Issuers or any Guarantor is a party or by 
which the Issuers or any Guarantor is bound (other than that resulting from 
any borrowing of funds to be applied to make the deposit required to effect 
such Legal Defeasance or Covenant Defeasance and any similar and 
simultaneous deposit relating to other Indebtedness, and, in each case, the 
granting of Liens in connection therewith);
 
-102-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(f) the Issuers shall have delivered to the Trustee an Officer’s 
Certificate stating that the deposit was not made by the Issuers with the 
intent of defeating, hindering, delaying or defrauding any creditors of the 
Issuers or any Guarantor or others; and

(g) the Issuers shall have delivered to the Trustee an Officer’s 
Certificate and an Opinion of Counsel (which Opinion of Counsel may be 
subject to customary assumptions and exclusions) each stating that all 
conditions precedent provided for or relating to the Legal Defeasance or 
the Covenant Defeasance, as the case may be, have been complied with.

Section 8.05. Deposited Money and U.S. Government Securities to be Held in 
Trust; Other Miscellaneous Provisions. Subject to Section 8.06 hereof, all 
money and U.S. Government Securities (including the proceeds thereof) 
deposited with the Trustee (or other qualifying trustee, collectively for 
purposes of this Section 8.05, the “Trustee”) pursuant to Section 8.04 
hereof in respect of the outstanding Notes shall be held in trust and 
applied by the Trustee, in accordance with the provisions of such Notes and 
this Indenture, to the payment, either directly or through any Paying Agent 
(including the Issuer or a Guarantor acting as Paying Agent) as the Trustee 
may determine, to the Holders of such Notes of all sums due and to become 
due thereon in respect of principal, premium and interest, but such money 
need not be segregated from other funds except to the extent required by 
law.

The Issuers shall pay and indemnify the Trustee against any tax, fee or 
other charge imposed on or assessed against the cash or U.S. Government 
Securities deposited pursuant to Section 8.04 hereof or the principal and 
interest received in respect thereof other than any such tax, fee or other 
charge which by law is for the account of the Holders of the outstanding 
Notes and the related Guarantees.

Anything in this Article 8 to the contrary notwithstanding, the Trustee 
shall deliver or pay to the Issuers from time to time upon the request of 
the Issuers any money or U.S. Government Securities held by it as provided 
in Section 8.04 hereof which, in the opinion of a nationally recognized 
firm of independent public accountants expressed in a written certification 
thereof delivered to the Trustee (which may be the opinion delivered under 
Section 8.04(a) hereof), are in excess of the amount thereof that would 
then be required to be deposited to effect an equivalent Legal Defeasance 
or Covenant Defeasance.

Section 8.06. Repayment to Issuers. Subject to any applicable abandoned 
property law, any money deposited with the Trustee or any Paying Agent, or 
then held by the Issuers, in trust for the payment of the principal of, 
premium, if any, or interest on any Note and remaining unclaimed for two 
years after such principal, and premium, if any, or interest has become due 
and payable shall be paid to the Issuers on their request or (if then held 
by the Issuers) shall be discharged from such trust; and the Holder of such 
Note shall thereafter look only to the Issuers for payment thereof, and all 
liability of the Trustee or such Paying Agent with respect to such trust 
money, and all liability of the Issuers as trustee thereof, shall thereupon 
cease.

Section 8.07. Reinstatement. If the Trustee or Paying Agent is unable to 
apply any United States dollars or U.S. Government Securities in accordance 
with Section 8.02 or 8.03 hereof, as the case may be, by reason of any 
order or judgment of any court or governmental authority enjoining, 
restraining or otherwise prohibiting such application, then the Issuers’ 
and the Guarantors’ obligations under this Indenture and the Notes and the 
Guarantees shall be revived and reinstated as though no deposit had 
occurred pursuant to Section 8.02 or 8.03 hereof until such time as the 
Trustee or Paying Agent is permitted to apply all such money in accordance 
with Section 8.02 or 8.03 hereof, as the case may be; provided that, if the 
Issuers make any payment of principal of, premium, if any, or interest on 
any Notes following the reinstatement of their obligations, the Issuers 
shall be subrogated to the rights of the Holders of such Notes to receive 
such payment from the money held by the Trustee or Paying Agent.


ARTICLE 9
AMENDMENT, SUPPLEMENT AND WAIVER

Section 9.01. Without Consent of Holders. Notwithstanding Section 9.02 
hereof, the Issuers, any Guarantor (with respect to a Guarantee or this 
Indenture) and the Trustee may amend or supplement this Indenture and any 
Guarantee or Notes without the consent of any Holder:

(a) to cure any ambiguity, omission, mistake, defect or inconsistency;
 
-103-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(b) to provide for uncertificated Notes in addition to or in place of 
certificated Notes;

(c) to comply with Section 5.01 hereof;

(d) to provide for the assumption of the Issuers’ or any Guarantor’s 
obligations to the Holders;

(e) to make any change that would provide any additional rights or benefits 
to the Holders or that does not materially adversely affect the legal 
rights under this Indenture of any such Holder;

(f) to add covenants for the benefit of the Holders or to surrender any 
right or power conferred upon the Issuers or any Guarantor;

(g) to provide for the issuance of Additional Notes in accordance with the 
terms of this Indenture;

(h) to comply with the requirements of the SEC in order to effect or 
maintain the qualification of this Indenture under the Trust Indenture Act;

(i) to evidence and provide for the acceptance and appointment under this 
Indenture of a successor Trustee or a successor Paying Agent hereunder 
pursuant to the requirements hereof;

(j) to make any amendment to the provisions of this Indenture relating to 
the transfer or legending of the Notes or to provide for the issuance of 
Exchange Notes or private exchange notes, which are identical to Exchange 
Notes except that they are not freely transferable;

(k) to add an obligor or a Guarantor under this Indenture or to release an 
obligor or a Guarantor in accordance with the terms of this Indenture;

(l) at any time following the Reset Date, if any, to conform the text of 
this Indenture, the Guarantees or the Notes to any provision of the 
“Description of the Notes” section of the Offering Memorandum to the extent 
that such provision in such “Description of the Notes” section was intended 
to be a verbatim recitation of a provision of this Indenture, Guarantee or 
Notes as provided in an Officer’s Certificate;

(m) to make any amendment to the provisions of this Indenture relating to 
the transfer and legending of Notes as permitted by this Indenture, 
including, without limitation to facilitate the issuance and administration 
of the Notes; provided, however, that such amendment does not materially 
and adversely affect the rights of Holders to transfer Notes;

(n) to secure the Notes and/or the related Guarantees or to add collateral 
thereto;

(o) to effect the Spin-Off Transaction and related transactions so long as 
such modification, when taken as a whole, does not materially adversely 
affect the legal rights under this Indenture of any Holder; or

(p) to make any other modifications to the Notes or the Indenture of a 
formal, minor or technical nature or necessary to correct a manifest error, 
so long as such modification does not adversely affect the rights of any 
Holders in any material respect.

Upon the request of the Issuers accompanied by a resolution of the Board of 
Directors of each Issuer authorizing the execution of any such amended or 
supplemental indenture, and upon receipt by the Trustee of the documents 
described in Section 7.02 hereof (to the extent requested by the Trustee 
and subject to the last sentence of
 
-104-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Section 9.06), the Trustee shall join with the Issuers and the Guarantors 
in the execution of any amended or supplemental indenture authorized or 
permitted by the terms of this Indenture and to make any further 
appropriate agreements and stipulations that may be therein contained, but 
the Trustee shall have the right, but not be obligated to, enter into such 
amended or supplemental indenture that affects its own rights, duties or 
immunities under this Indenture or otherwise. Notwithstanding the 
foregoing, neither an Opinion of Counsel nor an Officer’s Certificate, nor 
a board resolution, shall be required in connection with the addition of a 
Guarantor under this Indenture upon execution and delivery by such 
Guarantor and the Trustee of a supplemental indenture to this Indenture, 
the form of which is attached as Exhibit D hereto.

Section 9.02. With Consent of Holders. Except as provided in Section 9.01 
and this Section 9.02, the Issuers, the Guarantors and the Trustee may 
amend or supplement this Indenture, the Notes and the Guarantees with the 
consent of the Holders of at least a majority in principal amount of all 
the Notes then outstanding, including consents obtained in connection with 
a purchase of, or tender offer or exchange offer for, Notes and, subject to 
Section 6.04 and 6.07 hereof, any existing Default or Event of Default 
(other than a Default or Event of Default in the payment of the principal 
of, premium, if any, or interest on the Notes, except a payment default 
resulting from an acceleration that has been rescinded) or compliance with 
any provision of this Indenture, the Guarantees or the Notes issued 
thereunder may be waived with the consent of the Holders of a majority in 
principal amount of all the Notes then outstanding (including consents 
obtained in connection with a purchase of or tender offer or exchange offer 
for the Notes). Section 2.08 hereof and Section 2.09 hereof shall determine 
which Notes are considered to be “outstanding” for the purposes of this 
Section 9.02.

Upon the request of the Issuers accompanied by a resolution of the Board of 
Directors of each Issuer authorizing the execution of any such amended or 
supplemental indenture, and upon the filing with the Trustee of evidence 
satisfactory to the Trustee of the consent of the Holders as aforesaid, the 
Trustee shall join with the Issuers and the Guarantors in the execution of 
such amended or supplemental indenture, unless such amended or supplemental 
indenture directly affects the Trustee’s own rights, duties or immunities 
under this Indenture or otherwise, in which case the Trustee may in its 
discretion, but shall not be obligated to, enter into such amended or 
supplemental indenture.

It shall not be necessary for the consent of the Holders under this Section 
9.02 to approve the particular form of any proposed amendment or waiver, 
but it shall be sufficient if such consent approves the substance thereof.

After an amendment, supplement or waiver under this Section 9.02 becomes 
effective, the Issuers shall send to the Holders affected thereby a notice 
briefly describing the amendment, supplement or waiver. Any failure of the 
Issuers to send such notice, or any defect therein, shall not, however, in 
any way impair or affect the validity of any such amended or supplemental 
indenture or waiver.

Without the consent of each affected Holder, an amendment or waiver under 
this Section 9.02 may not, with respect to any Notes held by a 
non-consenting Holder:

(a) reduce the principal amount of such Notes whose Holders must consent to 
an amendment, supplement or waiver;

(b) reduce the principal of or change the fixed final maturity of any such 
Note or alter or waive the provisions with respect to the redemption of 
such Notes (other than provisions relating to (i) notice periods (to the 
extent consistent with applicable requirements of clearing and settlement 
systems) for redemption and conditions to redemption and (ii) Section 3.08, 
Section 4.10 and Section 4.14 hereof);

(c) reduce the rate of or change the time for payment of interest on any 
such Note;

(d) (A) waive a Default in the payment of principal of or premium, if any, 
or interest on such Notes, except a rescission of acceleration of such 
Notes by the Holders of a majority in aggregate principal amount of all the 
Notes then outstanding, and a waiver of the payment default that resulted 
from such acceleration, or (B) waive a Default in respect of a covenant or 
provision contained in this Indenture, the Notes or any Guarantee which 
cannot be amended or modified without the consent of all affected Holders;
 
-105-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(e) make any such Note payable in money other than that stated therein;

(f) make any change in the provisions of this Indenture relating to waivers 
of past Defaults or the contractual rights of Holders to receive payments 
of principal of or premium, if any, or interest on such Notes;

(g) make any change in these amendment and waiver provisions;

(h) amend the contractual right expressly set forth in this Indenture or 
the Notes of any Holder to receive payments of principal of or premium, if 
any, or interest on such Notes or to institute suit for the enforcement of 
any payment on or with respect to such Holder’s Notes;

(i) make any change to or modify the ranking of such Notes that would 
adversely affect the Holders; or

(j) except as expressly permitted by this Indenture, modify the Guarantees 
of any Significant Subsidiary, or any group of Restricted Subsidiaries 
that, taken together (as of the latest audited consolidated financial 
statements for the Issuer), would constitute a Significant Subsidiary in 
any manner materially adverse to the Holders of such Notes.

Section 9.03. Compliance with Trust Indenture Act. Every amendment or 
supplement to this Indenture or the Notes shall be set forth in an amended 
or supplemental indenture that complies in all material respects with the 
Trust Indenture Act as then in effect.

Section 9.04. Revocation and Effect of Consents. Until an amendment, 
supplement or waiver becomes effective, a consent to it by a Holder is a 
continuing consent by the Holder and every subsequent Holder of a Note or 
portion of a Note that evidences the same debt as the consenting Holder’s 
Note, even if notation of the consent is not made on any Note. However, any 
such Holder or subsequent Holder may revoke the consent as to its Note if 
the Trustee receives written notice of revocation before the date the 
amendment, supplement or waiver becomes effective. An amendment, supplement 
or waiver becomes effective in accordance with its terms and thereafter 
binds every Holder.

The Issuers may, but shall not be obligated to, fix a record date for the 
purpose of determining the Holders entitled to consent to any amendment, 
supplement, or waiver. If a record date is fixed, then, notwithstanding the 
preceding paragraph, those Persons who were Holders at such record date (or 
their duly designated proxies), and only such Persons, shall be entitled to 
consent to such amendment, supplement, or waiver or to revoke any consent 
previously given, whether or not such Persons continue to be Holders after 
such record date. No such consent shall be valid or effective for more than 
120 days after such record date unless the consent of the requisite number 
of Holders has been obtained.

Section 9.05. Notation on or Exchange of Notes. The Trustee may, at the 
direction of the Issuer, place an appropriate notation about an amendment, 
supplement or waiver on any Note thereafter authenticated. The Issuers in 
exchange for all Notes may issue and the Trustee shall, upon receipt of an 
Authentication Order, authenticate new Notes that reflect the amendment, 
supplement or waiver.

Failure to make the appropriate notation or issue a new Note shall not 
affect the validity and effect of such amendment, supplement or waiver.

Section 9.06. Trustee to Sign Amendments, etc. The Trustee shall sign any 
amendment, supplement or waiver authorized pursuant to this Article 9 if 
the amendment, supplement or waiver does not adversely affect the rights, 
duties, liabilities or immunities of the Trustee. The Issuers may not sign 
an amendment, supplement or waiver until the Board of Directors of each 
Issuer approve it. In executing any amendment, supplement or waiver, the 
Trustee shall be provided with, upon request, and (subject to Section 7.01 
hereof) shall be fully protected in relying upon, in addition to the 
documents required by Section 12.04 hereof, an Officer’s Certificate and an 
Opinion of Counsel each stating that the execution of such amended or 
supplemental indenture is authorized or permitted
 
-106-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
by this Indenture and that such amendment, supplement or waiver is the 
legal, valid and binding obligation of the Issuer and any Guarantors party 
thereto, enforceable against them in accordance with its terms, subject to 
customary exceptions, and complies with the provisions hereof (including 
Section 9.03 hereof). Notwithstanding the foregoing, neither an Opinion of 
Counsel nor an Officer’s Certificate, nor a board resolution, shall be 
required for the Trustee to execute any supplemental indenture to this 
Indenture, the form of which is attached as Exhibit D hereto, adding a new 
Guarantor under this Indenture.

Section 9.07. Amendments to Conform to Marketed Notes Notwithstanding 
anything herein to the contrary, if, following the Original Issue Date, in 
connection with an anticipated marketed offering of all of the then 
outstanding PHRI Notes (such marketed PHRI Notes, the “Marketed Notes”), 
the terms agreed to in connection with the offering of such Marketed Notes 
as set forth in the Offering Memorandum differ from the terms of the PHRI 
Notes as set forth in the PHRI Notes or in this Indenture, then (A) the 
corresponding terms applicable to the Notes shall be deemed to have been 
automatically supplemented, amended or modified as of the closing date for 
the sale of the Marketed Notes (the “Reset Date”), provided that the Issuer 
shall notify the Trustee of such date in advance thereof, to reflect any 
such differences without the consent of the Holders of the Notes or any 
other person (including, without limitation, the interest rate set forth in 
the PHRI Notes), and (B) the Issuer, the Guarantors and the Trustee shall, 
on or prior to the Reset Date, amend or supplement this Indenture, any 
Guarantees and the Notes with effect from the Reset Date, without the 
consent of any Holder, to conform the text of this Indenture, such 
Guarantees and the Notes to the “Description of the Notes” section of the 
Offering Memorandum; provided that (i) the interest rate of the Notes shall 
be reset with effect from the Reset Date to reflect the interest rate at 
which the “offering price” to be set forth in the Offering Memorandum would 
equal 100.000% (of the principal amount of the Marketed Notes) plus accrued 
and unpaid interest, if any, to but excluding the Reset Date, (ii) no 
additional redemption features that allow for optional redemption by the 
Issuers prior to December 1, 2021 shall be added to this Indenture or the 
Notes and (iii) the maturity date agreed to in connection with the offering 
of the Marketed Notes shall not be earlier than the maturity date then 
applicable to the Notes or later than three months after the maturity date 
then applicable to the Notes.

Upon the request of the Issuers, the Trustee shall join with the Issuers 
and the Guarantors in the execution of such amended or supplemental 
indenture, unless such amended or supplemental indenture directly affects 
the Trustee’s own rights, duties or immunities under this Indenture or 
otherwise, in which case the Trustee may in its discretion, but shall not 
be obligated to, enter into such amended or supplemental indenture.

The Issuer may, and, at the Issuer’s direction, the Trustee shall, exchange 
the PHRI Notes, in certificated form, for other Definitive Notes or a 
corresponding beneficial interest in one or more Global Notes issued under 
this Indenture to reflect any such change in the terms of this Indenture, 
any Guarantees or the Notes, and/or to include CUSIP numbers and ISIN 
numbers with respect to the Notes, or as may otherwise be necessary or 
appropriate to give effect to any supplement, amendment or modification of 
the terms of this Indenture, any Guarantees or the Notes pursuant to this 
Section 9.07, and if any new Notes are to be issued in exchange for Notes 
then outstanding pursuant to this Section 9.07, the Issuer shall provide an 
Authentication Order and a cancellation order to the Trustee in respect 
thereof. Failure to make the appropriate notation or issue a new Note shall 
not affect the validity and effect of any such supplement, amendment or 
modification. The Trustee shall have no obligation to obtain any CUSIP 
numbers for the Marketed Notes or to make the Marketed Notes eligible for 
DTC.


ARTICLE 10
GUARANTEES

Section 10.01. Guarantee. Subject to this Article 10, from and after the 
Original Issue Date, each of the Guarantors hereby, jointly and severally, 
irrevocably and unconditionally, guarantees, on an unsecured senior basis, 
to each Holder of a Note authenticated and delivered by the Trustee and to 
the Trustee and its successors and assigns, irrespective of the validity 
and enforceability of this Indenture, the Notes or the Obligations of the 
Issuers hereunder or thereunder, that: (a) the principal of and interest 
and premium, if any, on the Notes shall be promptly paid in full when due, 
whether at maturity, by acceleration, redemption or otherwise, and interest 
on the overdue principal of and interest on the Notes, if any, if lawful, 
and all other Obligations of the Issuers to the Holders or the Trustee 
hereunder or under the Notes shall be promptly paid in full, all in 
accordance with the terms hereof and thereof; and (b) in case of any 
extension of time of payment or renewal of any Notes or any of such other 
obligations, that same shall be promptly paid in full when due in 
accordance with the terms of the extension or renewal,
 
-107-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
whether at stated maturity, by acceleration or otherwise. Failing payment 
when due of any amount so guaranteed for whatever reason, the Guarantors 
shall be jointly and severally obligated to pay the same promptly. Each 
Guarantor agrees that this is a guarantee of payment and not a guarantee of 
collection.

The Guarantors hereby agree that their obligations hereunder shall be 
unconditional, irrespective of the validity, regularity or enforceability 
of the Notes or this Indenture, the absence of any action to enforce the 
same, any waiver or consent by any Holder with respect to any provisions 
hereof or thereof, the recovery of any judgment against the Issuer or the 
Co-Issuer, any action to enforce the same or any other circumstance which 
might otherwise constitute a legal or equitable discharge or defense of a 
guarantor (other than payment in full of all of the Obligations of the 
Issuers hereunder or under the Notes). Each Guarantor hereby waives, to the 
fullest extent permitted by law, diligence, presentment, demand of payment, 
filing of claims with a court in the event of insolvency or bankruptcy of 
the Issuer or the Co-Issuer, any right to require a proceeding first 
against the Issuers, protest, notice and all demands whatsoever and 
covenants that this Guarantee shall not be discharged except by full 
payment of the obligations contained in the Notes and this Indenture or by 
release in accordance with the provisions of this Indenture.

Each Guarantor also agrees to pay any and all costs and expenses (including 
reasonable attorneys’ fees) incurred by the Trustee or any Holder in 
enforcing any rights under this Section 10.01.

If any Holder or the Trustee is required by any court or otherwise to 
return to the Issuers, the Guarantors or any custodian, trustee, liquidator 
or other similar official acting in relation to either the Issuers or the 
Guarantors, then any amount paid either to the Trustee or such Holder, this 
Guarantee, to the extent theretofore discharged, shall be reinstated in 
full force and effect.

Each Guarantor agrees that it shall not be entitled to any right of 
subrogation in relation to the Holders in respect of any obligations 
guaranteed hereby until payment in full of all obligations guaranteed 
hereby. Each Guarantor further agrees that, as between the Guarantors, on 
the one hand, and the Holders and the Trustee, on the other hand, (x) the 
maturity of the obligations guaranteed hereby may be accelerated as 
provided in Article 6 hereof for the purposes of this Guarantee, 
notwithstanding any stay, injunction or other prohibition preventing such 
acceleration in respect of the obligations guaranteed hereby, and (y) in 
the event of any declaration of acceleration of such obligations as 
provided in Article 6 hereof, such obligations (whether or not due and 
payable) shall forthwith become due and payable by the Guarantors for the 
purpose of this Guarantee. The Guarantors shall have the right to seek 
contribution from any nonpaying Guarantor so long as the exercise of such 
right does not impair the rights of the Holders under the Guarantees. Each 
Guarantor that makes a payment under its Guarantee shall, to the fullest 
extent permitted by applicable law, be entitled upon payment in full of all 
guaranteed obligations under this Indenture to a contribution from each 
other Guarantor in an amount equal to such other Guarantor’s pro rata 
portion of such payment based on the respective net assets of all the 
Guarantors at the time of such payment determined in accordance with GAAP.

Until terminated in accordance with Section 10.06, each Guarantee shall 
remain in full force and effect and continue to be effective should any 
petition be filed by or against the Issuer or the Co-Issuer for 
liquidation, reorganization, should the Issuer or the Co-Issuer become 
insolvent or make an assignment for the benefit of creditors or should a 
receiver or trustee be appointed for all or any significant part of the 
Issuer’s or the Co-Issuer’s assets, and shall, to the fullest extent 
permitted by law, continue to be effective or be reinstated, as the case 
may be, if at any time payment of the Notes are, pursuant to applicable 
law, rescinded or reduced in amount, or must otherwise be restored or 
returned by any obligee on the Notes or Guarantees, whether as a “voidable 
preference,” “fraudulent transfer” or otherwise, all as though such payment 
had not been made. In the event that any payment or any part thereof, is 
rescinded, reduced, restored or returned, the Notes shall, to the fullest 
extent permitted by law, be reinstated and deemed reduced only by such 
amount paid and not so rescinded, reduced, restored or returned.

In case any provision of any Guarantee shall be invalid, illegal or 
unenforceable, the validity, legality, and enforceability of the remaining 
provisions shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby.

The Guarantee issued by any Guarantor shall be a general unsecured senior 
obligation of such Guarantor and shall be pari passu in right of payment 
with all existing and future Senior Indebtedness of such Guarantor, if any.
 
-108-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Each payment to be made by a Guarantor in respect of its Guarantee shall be 
made without set-off, counterclaim, reduction or diminution of any kind or 
nature.

Section 10.02. Limitation on Guarantor Liability. Each Guarantor, and by 
its acceptance of Notes, each Holder, hereby confirms that it is the 
intention of all such parties that the Guarantee of such Guarantor not 
constitute a fraudulent transfer or conveyance for purposes of Bankruptcy 
Law, the Uniform Fraudulent Conveyance Act, the Uniform Fraudulent Transfer 
Act or any similar federal or state law to the extent applicable to any 
Guarantee. To effectuate the foregoing intention, the Trustee, the Holders 
and the Guarantors hereby irrevocably agree that the obligations of each 
Guarantor shall be limited to the maximum amount as will, after giving 
effect to such maximum amount and all other contingent and fixed 
liabilities of such Guarantor that are relevant under such laws and after 
giving effect to any collections from, rights to receive contribution from 
or payments made by or on behalf of any other Guarantor in respect of the 
obligations of such other Guarantor under this Article 10, result in the 
obligations of such Guarantor under its Guarantee not constituting a 
fraudulent conveyance or fraudulent transfer under applicable law or being 
void or voidable under any law relating to insolvency of debtors.

Section 10.03. Execution and Delivery. To evidence its Guarantee set forth 
in Section 10.01 hereof, each Guarantor hereby agrees that this Indenture 
(or a supplemental indenture in the form of Exhibit D hereto) shall be 
executed on behalf of such Guarantor by one of its authorized officers.

Each Guarantor hereby agrees that its Guarantee set forth in Section 10.01 
hereof shall remain in full force and effect notwithstanding the absence of 
the endorsement of any notation of such Guarantee on the Notes.

If an officer whose signature is on this Indenture (or a supplemental 
indenture in the form of Exhibit D hereto) no longer holds that office at 
the time the Trustee authenticates a Note, the Guarantee of such Guarantor 
shall be valid nevertheless.

The delivery of any Note by the Trustee, after the authentication thereof 
hereunder, shall constitute due delivery of the Guarantee set forth in this 
Indenture on behalf of the Guarantors.

If required by Section 4.15 hereof, the Issuer shall cause any Restricted 
Subsidiary to comply with the provisions of Section 4.15 hereof and this 
Article 10, to the extent applicable.

Section 10.04. Subrogation. Each Guarantor shall be subrogated to all 
rights of Holders against the Issuers in respect of any amounts paid by any 
Guarantor pursuant to the provisions of Section 10.01 hereof; provided 
that, if an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, no Guarantor 
shall be entitled to enforce or receive any payments arising out of, or 
based upon, such right of subrogation until all amounts then due and 
payable by the Issuers under this Indenture or the Notes shall have been 
paid in full.

Section 10.05. Benefits Acknowledged. Each Guarantor acknowledges that it 
will receive direct and indirect benefits from the financing arrangements 
contemplated by this Indenture and that the guarantee and waivers made by 
it pursuant to its Guarantee are knowingly made in contemplation of such 
benefits.

Section 10.06. Release of Guarantees.

(a) Each Guarantee by a Subsidiary Guarantor shall be automatically and 
unconditionally released and discharged, and shall thereupon terminate and 
be of no further force and effect, and no further action by such Subsidiary 
Guarantor, the Issuers or the Trustee is required for the release of such 
Subsidiary Guarantor’s Guarantee, upon:

(i) (A) any sale, exchange, disposition or transfer (by merger, 
amalgamation, consolidation, dividend, distribution or otherwise) of (x) 
the Capital Stock of such Subsidiary Guarantor, after which the applicable 
Subsidiary Guarantor is no longer a Restricted Subsidiary or (y) all or 
substantially all the assets of such Subsidiary Guarantor, in each case if 
such sale, exchange, disposition or transfer is made in compliance with the 
applicable provisions of this Indenture;
 
-109-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(B) the release or discharge of the guarantee by such Subsidiary Guarantor 
of Indebtedness under the Senior Secured Credit Facilities, or the release 
or discharge of such other guarantee that resulted in the creation of such 
Guarantee, except a discharge or release by or as a result of payment under 
such guarantee (it being understood that a release subject to a contingent 
reinstatement will constitute a release for the purposes of this provision, 
and that if any such Guarantee is so reinstated, such Guarantee shall also 
be reinstated to the extent that such Subsidiary Guarantor would then be 
required to provide a Guarantee pursuant to Section 4.15 hereof);

(C) the designation of any Restricted Subsidiary that is a Subsidiary 
Guarantor as an Unrestricted Subsidiary in compliance with the applicable 
provisions of this Indenture;

(D) the merger or consolidation of any Subsidiary Guarantor with and into 
the Issuer or another Subsidiary Guarantor or upon the liquidation of such 
Subsidiary Guarantor following the transfer of all of its assets to the 
Issuer or another Subsidiary Guarantor; or

(E) the exercise by the Issuers of their Legal Defeasance option or 
Covenant Defeasance option in accordance with Article 8 hereof or the 
discharge of the Issuers’ obligations under this Indenture in accordance 
with the terms of this Indenture; and

(ii) such Subsidiary Guarantor delivering to the Trustee an Officer’s 
Certificate of such Subsidiary Guarantor or the Issuer and an Opinion of 
Counsel, each stating that all conditions precedent provided for in this 
Indenture relating to such transaction or release and discharge have been 
complied with. Notwithstanding the foregoing, neither an Officer’s 
Certificate nor an Opinion of Counsel shall be required in the case of a 
merger or consolidation in accordance with clause (i)(D) of this Section 
10.06(a), provided that notice of any such merger or consolidation shall be 
provided to the Trustee.

(b) Each Parent Guarantee shall be automatically and unconditionally 
released and discharged, and shall thereupon terminate and be of no further 
force and effect, and no further action by the Parent Guarantors, the 
Issuers or the Trustee is required for the release of such Guarantee, upon:

(i) (A) except with respect to the Parent Guarantee provided by HGV Parent, 
the release or discharge of the guarantee by such Parent Guarantor of 
Indebtedness under the Senior Secured Credit Facilities (it being 
understood that a release subject to a contingent reinstatement will 
constitute a release for the purposes of this provision); or

(B) the exercise by the Issuers of their Legal Defeasance option or 
Covenant Defeasance option in accordance with Article 8 hereof or the 
discharge of the Issuers’ obligations under this Indenture in accordance 
with the terms of this Indenture; and

(ii) such Parent Guarantor, as applicable, delivering to the Trustee an 
Officer’s Certificate of such Parent Guarantor or the Issuer, and an 
Opinion of Counsel, each stating that all conditions precedent provided for 
in this Indenture relating to such release and discharge have been complied 
with.


ARTICLE 11
SATISFACTION AND DISCHARGE

Section 11.01. Satisfaction and Discharge. This Indenture shall be 
discharged and shall cease to be of further effect as to all Notes when 
either:

(a) all Notes theretofore authenticated and delivered, except lost, stolen 
or destroyed Notes which have been replaced or paid and Notes for whose 
payment money has theretofore been deposited in trust, have been delivered 
to the Trustee for cancellation; or
 
-110-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(b) (i) all Notes not theretofore delivered to the Trustee for cancellation 
have become due and payable by reason of the making of a notice of 
redemption or otherwise, will become due and payable within one year or are 
to be called for redemption within one year under arrangements satisfactory 
to the Trustee for the giving of notice of redemption by the Trustee in the 
name, and at the expense, of the Issuers, and the Issuers have or any 
Guarantor has irrevocably deposited or caused to be deposited with the 
Trustee as trust funds in trust solely for the benefit of the Holders of 
the Notes cash in U.S. dollars, U.S. Government Securities, or a 
combination thereof, in such amounts as will be sufficient without 
consideration of any reinvestment of interest to pay and discharge the 
entire indebtedness on the Notes not theretofore delivered to the Trustee 
for cancellation for principal, premium, if any, and accrued interest to 
the date of maturity or redemption; provided that upon any redemption that 
requires the payment of the Applicable Premium, the amount deposited shall 
be sufficient for purposes of this Indenture to the extent that an amount 
is deposited with the Trustee equal to the Applicable Premium calculated as 
of the date of the notice of redemption, with any Applicable Premium 
Deficit only required to be deposited with the Trustee on or prior to the 
Redemption Date. Any Applicable Premium Deficit shall be set forth in an 
Officer’s Certificate delivered to the Trustee simultaneously with the 
deposit of such Applicable Premium Deficit that confirms that such 
Applicable Premium Deficit shall be applied toward such redemption;

(ii) no Event of Default (other than that resulting from borrowing funds to 
be applied to make such deposit or any similar and simultaneous deposit 
relating to other Indebtedness and, in each case, the granting of Liens in 
connection therewith) with respect to this Indenture or the Notes shall 
have occurred and be continuing on the date of such deposit or shall occur 
as a result of such deposit and such deposit will not result in a breach or 
violation of, or constitute a default under the Senior Secured Credit 
Facilities or any other material agreement or instrument (other than this 
Indenture) to which the Issuers or any Guarantor is a party or by which the 
Issuers or any Guarantor is bound (other than resulting from any borrowing 
of funds to be applied to make such deposit and any similar and 
simultaneous deposit relating to other Indebtedness and, in each case, the 
granting of Liens in connection therewith);

(iii) the Issuers have paid or caused to be paid all sums payable by them 
under this Indenture; and

(iv) the Issuers have delivered irrevocable instructions to the Trustee to 
apply the deposited money toward the payment of the Notes at maturity or 
the Redemption Date, as the case may be.

In addition, the Issuers must deliver an Officer’s Certificate and an 
Opinion of Counsel to the Trustee stating that all conditions precedent to 
satisfaction and discharge have been satisfied. Such Opinion of Counsel may 
rely on such Officer’s Certificate as to matters of fact, including clauses 
(b)(i), (ii), (iii) and (iv) of this Section 11.01.

Notwithstanding the satisfaction and discharge of this Indenture, if money 
shall have been deposited with the Trustee pursuant to clause (b)(i) of 
this Section 11.01, the provisions of Section 11.02 and Section 8.06 hereof 
shall survive such satisfaction and discharge.

Section 11.02. Application of Trust Money. Subject to the provisions of 
Section 8.06 hereof, all money deposited with the Trustee pursuant to 
Section 11.01 hereof shall be held in trust and applied by it, in 
accordance with the provisions of the Notes and this Indenture, to the 
payment, either directly or through any Paying Agent (including the Issuer, 
the Co-Issuer or a Guarantor acting as its own Paying Agent) as the Trustee 
may determine, to the Persons entitled thereto, of the principal (and 
premium, if any) and interest for whose payment such money has been 
deposited with the Trustee; but such money need not be segregated from 
other funds except to the extent required by law.

If the Trustee or Paying Agent is unable to apply any money or U.S. 
Government Securities in accordance with Section 11.01 hereof by reason of 
any legal proceeding or by reason of any order or judgment of any court or 
governmental authority enjoining, restraining or otherwise prohibiting such 
application, the Issuers’ and any Guarantor’s obligations under this 
Indenture and the Notes shall be revived and reinstated as though no 
deposit had occurred pursuant to Section 11.01 hereof; provided that if the 
Issuers have made any payment of principal of, premium, if any, or interest 
on any Notes because of the reinstatement of its obligations, the Issuers 
shall be subrogated to the rights of the Holders to receive such payment 
from the money or U.S. Government Securities held by the Trustee or Paying 
Agent.
 
-111-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
ARTICLE 12
MISCELLANEOUS

Section 12.01. Trust Indenture Act Controls. If any provision of this 
Indenture limits, qualifies or conflicts with the duties imposed by Trust 
Indenture Act Section 318(c), the imposed duties shall control.

Section 12.02. Notices. Any notice or communication by the Issuer, the 
Co-Issuer or any Guarantor or the Trustee to the others is duly given if in 
writing and delivered in person or mailed by first-class mail (registered 
or certified, return receipt requested), facsimile, electronic mail or 
other electronic transmission or overnight air courier guaranteeing next 
day delivery, to the others’ address:

If to the Issuers and/or any Guarantor:

Hilton Grand Vacations Borrower LLC
Hilton Grand Vacations Borrower Inc.
c/o Hilton Grand Vacations Borrower Inc.
5323 Millenia Lakes Boulevard, Suite 160
Orlando, FL 32839
Facsimile: (407) 722-3637
Attention: Charles R. Corbin, Jr.

With a copy to (which shall not constitute notice for any purpose under 
this Indenture):

Simpson Thacher & Bartlett LLP
425 Lexington Avenue
New York, NY 10017-3954
Facsimile: (212) 455-2502
Attention: Edward P. Tolley III

If to the Trustee:

Wilmington Trust, National Association
Rodney Square North
1100 North Market Street
Wilmington, DE 19890
Facsimile: (302) 636-4145
Attention: Hilton Grand Vacations Borrower Administrator

The Issuers, any Guarantor or the Trustee, by notice to the others, may 
designate additional or different addresses for subsequent notices or 
communications.

All notices and communications (other than those sent to Holders) shall be 
deemed to have been duly given: at the time delivered by hand, if 
personally delivered; five calendar days after being deposited in the mail, 
postage prepaid, if mailed by first-class mail; when receipt is 
acknowledged, if faxed or sent electronically; and the next Business Day 
after timely delivery to the courier, if sent by overnight air courier 
guaranteeing next day delivery; provided that any notice or communication 
delivered to the Trustee shall be deemed effective upon actual receipt 
thereof and, subject to compliance with the Trust Indenture Act, on the 
first date on which publication is made, if given by publication.

Any notice or communication to a Holder shall be electronically delivered, 
mailed by first-class mail, certified or registered, return receipt 
requested, or by overnight air courier guaranteeing next day delivery to 
its address shown on the Note Register kept by the Registrar. Any notice or 
communication shall also be so delivered or mailed to any Person described 
in Trust Indenture Act Section 313(c), to the extent required by the Trust 
Indenture Act. Failure to deliver a notice or communication to a Holder or 
any defect in it shall not affect its sufficiency with respect to other 
Holders.
 
-112-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
If a notice or communication is mailed or otherwise delivered in the manner 
provided above within the time prescribed, such notice or communication 
shall be deemed duly given, whether or not the addressee receives it.

If the Issuers send a notice or communication to Holders, they shall send a 
copy to the Trustee and each Agent at the same time.

Notwithstanding any other provision of this Indenture or any Note, where 
this Indenture or any Note provides for notice of any event or any other 
communication (including any notice of redemption or repurchase) to a 
holder of a Global Note (whether by mail or otherwise), such notice shall 
be sufficiently given if given to the Depositary (or its designee) pursuant 
to the standing instructions from the Depositary or its designee, including 
by electronic mail in accordance with accepted practices at the Depositary.

Section 12.03. Communication by Holders with Other Holders. Holders may 
communicate pursuant to Trust Indenture Act Section 312(b) with other 
Holders with respect to their rights under this Indenture or the Notes. The 
Issuers, the Trustee, the Registrar and anyone else shall have the 
protection of Trust Indenture Act Section 312(c).

Section 12.04. Certificate and Opinion as to Conditions Precedent. Upon any 
request or application by the Issuer, the Co-Issuer or any of the 
Guarantors to the Trustee to take any action under this Indenture, the 
Issuer, the Co-Issuer or such Guarantor, as the case may be, shall furnish 
to the Trustee:

(a) an Officer’s Certificate in form reasonably satisfactory to the Trustee 
(which shall include the statements set forth in Section 12.05 hereof) 
stating that, in the opinion of the signers, all conditions precedent and 
covenants, if any, provided for in this Indenture relating to the proposed 
action have been satisfied; and

(b) an Opinion of Counsel in form reasonably satisfactory to the Trustee 
(which shall include the statements set forth in Section 12.05 hereof) 
stating that, in the opinion of such counsel, all such conditions precedent 
and covenants have been satisfied.

Section 12.05. Statements Required in Certificate or Opinion. Each 
certificate or opinion with respect to compliance with a condition or 
covenant provided for in this Indenture (other than a certificate provided 
pursuant to Section 4.04 hereof or Trust Indenture Act Section 314(a)(4)) 
shall comply with the provisions of Trust Indenture Act Section 314(e) and 
shall include:

(a) a statement that the Person making such certificate or opinion has read 
such covenant or condition;

(b) a brief statement as to the nature and scope of the examination or 
investigation upon which the statements or opinions contained in such 
certificate or opinion are based;

(c) a statement that, in the opinion of such Person, he or she has made 
such examination or investigation as is necessary to enable him to express 
an informed opinion as to whether or not such covenant or condition has 
been complied with (and, in the case of an Opinion of Counsel, may be 
limited to reliance on an Officer’s Certificate as to matters of fact); and

(d) a statement as to whether or not, in the opinion of such Person, such 
condition or covenant has been complied with; provided, however, that with 
respect to matters of fact an Opinion of Counsel may rely on an Officer’s 
Certificate or certificates of public officials.
 
-113-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Section 12.06. Rules by Trustee and Agents. The Trustee may make reasonable 
rules for action by or at a meeting of Holders. The Registrar or Paying 
Agent may make reasonable rules and set reasonable requirements for its 
functions.

Section 12.07. No Personal Liability of Directors, Officers, Employees and 
Stockholders. No past, present or future director, officer, employee, 
incorporator, or direct or indirect member, partner or stockholder of the 
Issuers or any Guarantor (other than in their capacity as Issuers or any 
Guarantor) or of any of their direct or indirect parent companies shall 
have any liability, for any obligations of the Issuers or the Guarantors 
under the Notes, the Guarantees or this Indenture or any supplemental 
indenture or for any claim based on, in respect of, or by reason of such 
obligations or their creation. Each Holder by accepting Notes waives and 
releases all such liability. The waiver and release are part of the 
consideration for issuance of the Notes.

Section 12.08. Governing Law. THIS INDENTURE, THE NOTES AND ANY GUARANTEE, 
AND ANY CLAIM, CONTROVERSY OR DISPUTE ARISING UNDER OR RELATED TO THIS 
INDENTURE, THE NOTES OR ANY GUARANTEE, WILL BE GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED IN 
ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK.

Section 12.09. Waiver of Jury Trial. EACH OF THE ISSUERS, THE GUARANTORS 
AND THE TRUSTEE (1) AGREE TO SUBMIT TO THE NON-EXCLUSIVE JURISDICTION OF 
ANY UNITED STATES FEDERAL OR STATE COURT LOCATED IN THE BOROUGH OF 
MANHATTAN, IN THE CITY OF NEW YORK IN ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING ARISING OUT 
OF OR RELATING TO THIS INDENTURE OR THE NOTES AND (2) HEREBY IRREVOCABLY 
WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY AND ALL 
RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING 
TO THIS INDENTURE, THE NOTES OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY.

Section 12.10. Force Majeure. In no event shall the Trustee be responsible 
or liable for any failure or delay in the performance of its obligations 
under this Indenture arising out of or caused by, directly or indirectly, 
forces beyond its reasonable control, including without limitation strikes, 
work stoppages, accidents, acts of war or terrorism, civil or military 
disturbances, nuclear or natural catastrophes or acts of God, and 
interruptions, loss or malfunctions of utilities, communications or 
computer (software or hardware) services.

Section 12.11. No Adverse Interpretation of Other Agreements. This 
Indenture may not be used to interpret any other indenture, loan or debt 
agreement of the Issuers or their Restricted Subsidiaries or of any other 
Person. Any such indenture, loan or debt agreement may not be used to 
interpret this Indenture.

Section 12.12. Successors. All agreements of the Issuers in this Indenture 
and the Notes shall bind their respective successors. All agreements of the 
Trustee in this Indenture shall bind its successors. All agreements of each 
Guarantor in this Indenture shall bind its successors, except as otherwise 
provided in Section 10.06 hereof.

Section 12.13. Severability. In case any provision in this Indenture or in 
the Notes shall be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, the validity, 
legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions shall not in any 
way be affected or impaired thereby.

Section 12.14. Counterpart Originals. The parties may sign any number of 
copies of this Indenture. Each signed copy shall be an original, but all of 
them together represent the same agreement. This Indenture may be executed 
in multiple counterparts which, when taken together, shall constitute one 
instrument. The exchange of copies of this Indenture and of signature pages 
by facsimile or PDF transmissions shall constitute effective execution and 
delivery of this Indenture as to the parties hereto and may be used in lieu 
of the original Indenture for all purposes. Signatures of the parties 
hereto transmitted by facsimile or PDF shall be deemed to be their original 
signatures for all purposes.

Section 12.15. Table of Contents, Headings, etc. The Table of Contents, 
Cross-Reference Table and headings of the Articles and Sections of this 
Indenture have been inserted for convenience of reference only, are not to 
be considered a part of this Indenture and shall in no way modify or 
restrict any of the terms or provisions hereof.
 
-114-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Section 12.16. Qualification of Indenture. The Issuer and the Guarantors 
shall qualify this Indenture under the Trust Indenture Act in accordance 
with the terms and conditions of the Registration Rights Agreement and 
shall pay all reasonable costs and expenses (including attorneys’ fees and 
expenses for the Issuer, the Guarantors and the Trustee) incurred in 
connection therewith, including, but not limited to, costs and expenses of 
qualification of this Indenture and the Notes and printing this Indenture 
and the Notes. The Trustee shall be provided with such Officer’s 
Certificates, Opinions of Counsel or other documentation as it may 
reasonably request and as is necessary in connection with any such 
qualification of this Indenture under the Trust Indenture Act. The Trust 
Indenture Act shall not apply to this Indenture prior to such 
qualification, and all references herein to compliance with the Trust 
Indenture Act refer to such compliance following any such qualification.

Section 12.17. USA Patriot Act. The parties hereto acknowledge that in 
accordance with Section 326 of the USA Patriot Act the Trustee, like all 
financial institutions and in order to help fight the funding of terrorism 
and money laundering, are required to obtain, verify, and record 
information that identifies each person or legal entity that establishes a 
relationship or opens an account. The parties to this agreement agree that 
they shall provide the Trustee with such information as they may request in 
order to satisfy the requirements of the USA Patriot Act.

[Signatures on following page]
 
-115-

------------------------------------------------------------------------
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Indenture to be 
duly executed as of the date first above written.
 
HILTON GRAND VACATIONS BORROWER LLC, as Issuer
By: 	  	
/s/ Allen Klingsick
  	Name: 	  	Allen Klingsick
  	Title: 	  	President
HILTON GRAND VACATIONS BORROWER INC., as Co-Issuer
By: 	  	
/s/ Allen Klingsick
  	Name: 	  	Allen Klingsick
  	Title: 	  	President
HILTON GRAND VACATIONS INC., as Guarantor
By: 	  	
/s/ Mark Wang
  	Name: 	  	Mark Wang
  	Title: 	  	President and Chief Executive Officer
HILTON GRAND VACATIONS PARENT LLC, as Guarantor
By: 	  	
/s/ Allen Klingsick
  	Name: 	  	Allen Klingsick
  	Title: 	  	President
HILTON RESORTS CORPORATION, as Guarantor
By: 	  	
/s/ W. Steven Standefer
  	Name: 	  	W. Steven Standefer
  	Title: 	  	Senior Vice President
48TH STREET HOLDING LLC, as Guarantor
By: 	  	
/s/ Mark Wang
  	Name: 	  	Mark Wang
  	Title: 	  	President
 
Signature Page to Indenture

------------------------------------------------------------------------
GRAND VACATIONS REALTY, LLC, as Guarantor
By: 	  	
/s/ Mark Wang
  	Name: 	  	Mark Wang
  	Title: 	  	President
GRAND VACATIONS SERVICES LLC, as Guarantor
By: 	  	
/s/ Mark Wang
  	Name: 	  	Mark Wang
  	Title: 	  	President
GRAND VACATIONS TITLE, LLC, as Guarantor
By: 	  	
/s/ Mark Wang
  	Name: 	  	Mark Wang
  	Title: 	  	President
HILTON GRAND VACATIONS CLUB, LLC, as Guarantor
By: 	  	
/s/ Mark Wang
  	Name: 	  	Mark Wang
  	Title: 	  	President
HILTON GRAND VACATIONS COMPANY, LLC, as Guarantor
By: 	  	
/s/ Mark Wang
  	Name: 	  	Mark Wang
  	Title: 	  	President
HILTON GRAND VACATIONS FINANCING, LLC, as Guarantor
By: 	  	
s/ Mark Wang
  	Name: 	  	Mark Wang
  	Title: 	  	President
 
Signature Page to Indenture

------------------------------------------------------------------------
HILTON GRAND VACATIONS MANAGEMENT, LLC, as Guarantor
By: 	  	
/s/ Mark Wang
  	Name: 	  	Mark Wang
  	Title: 	  	President
HILTON KINGSLAND 1, LLC, as Guarantor
By: 	  	
/s/ W. Steven Standefer
  	Name: 	  	W. Steven Standefer
  	Title: 	  	Senior Vice President
HILTON RESORTS MARKETING CORP., as Guarantor
By: 	  	
/s/ W. Steven Standefer
  	Name: 	  	W. Steven Standefer
  	Title: 	  	Senior Vice President
HILTON TRAVEL, LLC, as Guarantors
By: 	  	
/s/ Mark Wang
  	Name: 	  	Mark Wang
  	Title: 	  	President
HRC ISLANDER LLC, as Guarantors
By: 	  	
/s/ W. Steven Standefer
  	Name: 	  	W. Steven Standefer
  	Title: 	  	Senior Vice President
 
Signature Page to Indenture

------------------------------------------------------------------------
WILMINGTON TRUST, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as Trustee
By: 	  	
/s/ W. Thomas Morris, II
  	Name: 	  	W. Thomas Morris, II
  	Title: 	  	Vice President
 
Signature Page to Indenture

------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXHIBIT A-1

[FORM OF NOTE REPRESENTING THE PHRI NOTES]

BY ACCEPTING THIS NOTE, EACH HOLDER AND EACH TRANSFEREE IS DEEMED TO 
REPRESENT AND WARRANT THAT AT THE TIME OF ITS ACQUISITION AND THROUGHOUT 
THE PERIOD THAT IT HOLDS THIS NOTE (I) IT IS NOT, AND IS NOT ACQUIRING THE 
NOTES WITH THE ASSETS OF ANY (A) EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLAN (AS DEFINED IN 
SECTION 3(3) OF THE EMPLOYEE RETIREMENT INCOME SECURITY ACT OF 1974, AS 
AMENDED (“ERISA”)), THAT IS SUBJECT TO ERISA, (B) PLAN, INDIVIDUAL 
RETIREMENT ACCOUNT, PROGRAM OR ARRANGEMENT THAT IS SUBJECT TO SECTION 4975 
OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE CODE OF 1986, AS AMENDED (THE “CODE”), OR 
PROVISIONS UNDER ANY OTHER FEDERAL, STATE, LOCAL, NON-U.S. OR OTHER LAWS OR 
REGULATIONS THAT ARE SIMILAR TO SUCH PROVISIONS OF ERISA OR THE CODE 
(COLLECTIVELY, “SIMILAR LAW”) OR WHOSE UNDERLYING ASSETS ARE CONSIDERED TO 
INCLUDE “PLAN ASSETS” OF ANY SUCH PLAN, ACCOUNT OR ARRANGEMENTS AND (II) 
ITS ACQUISITION AND HOLDING OF THIS NOTE WILL NOT RESULT IN A NON-EXEMPT 
PROHIBITED TRANSACTION UNDER SECTION 406 OF ERISA OR SECTION 4975 OF THE 
CODE OR A SIMILAR VIOLATION UNDER ANY APPLICABLE SIMILAR LAW.

THE NOTES HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS 
AMENDED (THE “SECURITIES ACT”), OR ANY STATE SECURITIES LAWS. NEITHER THIS 
NOTE NOR ANY INTEREST OR PARTICIPATION HEREIN MAY BE REOFFERED, SOLD, 
ASSIGNED, TRANSFERRED, PLEDGED, ENCUMBERED OR OTHERWISE DISPOSED OF IN THE 
ABSENCE OF SUCH REGISTRATION OR UNLESS SUCH TRANSACTION IS EXEMPT FROM, OR 
NOT SUBJECT TO, REGISTRATION AS SET FORTH BELOW. BY ITS ACQUISITION HEREOF, 
THE HOLDER (1) REPRESENTS THAT IT IS AN INSTITUTIONAL “ACCREDITED INVESTOR” 
(WITHIN THE MEANING OF RULE 501(A)(1), (2), (3) OR (7) UNDER THE SECURITIES 
ACT), AND (2) AGREES TO OFFER, SELL, PLEDGE OR OTHERWISE TRANSFER SUCH NOTE 
PRIOR TO THE EXPIRATION OF THE HOLDING PERIOD THEN IMPOSED BY RULE 144 
UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT (OR ANY SUCCESSOR PROVISION) ONLY (A) TO THE 
ISSUER OR ANY CO-ISSUER, (B) PURSUANT TO A REGISTRATION STATEMENT WHICH HAS 
BEEN DECLARED EFFECTIVE UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, (C) FOR SO LONG AS THE 
NOTES ARE ELIGIBLE FOR RESALE PURSUANT TO RULE 144A UNDER THE SECURITIES 
ACT (“RULE 144A”) TO A PERSON IT REASONABLY BELIEVES IS A “QUALIFIED 
INSTITUTIONAL BUYER” (AS DEFINED IN RULE 144A) THAT PURCHASES FOR ITS OWN 
ACCOUNT OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OF A QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER TO WHOM 
NOTICE IS GIVEN THAT THE TRANSFER IS BEING MADE IN RELIANCE ON RULE 144A, 
(D) OUTSIDE THE UNITED STATES PURSUANT TO OFFERS AND SALES TO NON-U.S. 
PERSONS IN AN OFFSHORE TRANSACTION PURSUANT TO REGULATION S UNDER THE 
SECURITIES ACT IN A TRANSACTION MEETING THE REQUIREMENTS OF RULE 904 UNDER 
THE SECURITIES ACT OR (E) PURSUANT TO ANOTHER AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM THE 
REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT, SUBJECT TO THE ISSUER’S 
AND THE TRUSTEE’S RIGHT PRIOR TO ANY SUCH OFFER, SALE OR TRANSFER PURSUANT 
TO CLAUSE (E) TO REQUIRE THE DELIVERY OF AN OPINION OF COUNSEL, 
CERTIFICATION AND/OR OTHER INFORMATION SATISFACTORY TO EACH OF THEM.
 
A-1-1

------------------------------------------------------------------------
NOTE
representing
$300,000,000

HILTON GRAND VACATIONS BORROWER LLC
HILTON GRAND VACATIONS BORROWER INC.
6.500% Senior Note due 2024
 
No. 1 	   	$300,000,000

Hilton Grand Vacations Borrower LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, 
and Hilton Grand Vacations Borrower Inc., a Delaware corporation, jointly 
and severally, promise to pay to Park Hotels & Resorts Inc. or registered 
assigns the principal amount of Three Hundred Million Dollars 
($300,000,000) on December 1, 2024.

Interest Payment Dates: The Reset Date (as defined herein), and each June 1 
and December 1 thereafter, commencing on the Reset Date
 
Record Dates: 	   	The day immediately preceding the Reset Date, and each 
May 15 and November 15 thereafter

Additional provisions of this Note are set forth on the other side of this 
Note.
 
A-1-2

------------------------------------------------------------------------
IN WITNESS HEREOF, the Issuers have caused this instrument to be duly 
executed.

Dated:
 
HILTON GRAND VACATIONS BORROWER LLC, as Issuer
By: 	  	
 
  	Name: 	  	
  	Title: 	  	
HILTON GRAND VACATIONS BORROWER INC., as Co-Issuer
By: 	  	
 
  	Name: 	  	
  	Title: 	  	
This is one of the Notes referred to in the within-mentioned Indenture:
WILMINGTON TRUST, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as Trustee
By: 	  	
 
  	Name: 	  	
  	Title: 	  	
 
A-1-3

------------------------------------------------------------------------
[REVERSE OF NOTE]

6.500% Senior Note due 2024

Capitalized terms used herein shall have the meanings assigned to them in 
the Indenture referred to below unless otherwise indicated.

1. Interest. Hilton Grand Vacations Borrower LLC, a Delaware limited 
liability company (the “Issuer”), and Hilton Grand Vacations Borrower Inc., 
a Delaware corporation (the “Co-Issuer” and, together with the Issuer, the 
“Issuers”), jointly and severally, promise to pay interest on the principal 
amount of this Note at a rate per annum of 6.500% (subject to any reset 
pursuant to paragraph 4 below) from October 24, 2016 until maturity and to 
pay the Additional Interest, if any, payable pursuant to the Registration 
Rights Agreement expected to be entered into on the Reset Date (as defined 
below). The Issuers will pay interest on this Note semi-annually in arrears 
beginning on the Reset Date (the “Initial Interest Payment Date”) and on 
June 1 and December 1 of each year thereafter, or, if any such day is not a 
Business Day, on the next succeeding Business Day (each an “Interest 
Payment Date”). The Issuers will make each interest payment to the Holder 
of record of this Note on the immediately preceding May 15 and November 15 
(or, in the case of the Initial Interest Payment Date, the calendar day 
immediately preceding the Reset Date) (each, a “Record Date”). Interest on 
this Note will accrue from the most recent date to which interest has been 
paid or, if no interest has been paid, from and including October 24, 2016. 
The Issuers will pay interest (including post-petition interest in any 
proceeding under any Bankruptcy Law) on overdue principal and premium, if 
any, from time to time on demand at the rate borne by this Note; the 
Issuers shall pay interest (including post-petition interest in any 
proceeding under any Bankruptcy Law) on overdue installments of interest 
(without regard to any applicable grace periods) from time to time on 
demand at the rate borne by this Note. Interest will be computed on the 
basis of a 360-day year comprised of twelve 30-day months.

2. Method of Payment. The Issuers will pay interest on this Note to the 
Person who is the registered Holder of this Note at the close of business 
on the Record Date (whether or not a Business Day) next preceding the 
Interest Payment Date, even if this Note is cancelled after such Record 
Date and on or before such Interest Payment Date, except as provided in 
Section 2.12 of the Indenture with respect to defaulted interest. Cash 
payments of principal of, premium, if any, and interest on this Note will 
be payable at the office or agency of the Issuers maintained for such 
purpose pursuant to Section 4.02 of the Indenture or, at the option of the 
Issuers, cash payment of interest may be made through the Paying Agent by 
check mailed to the Holders at their respective addresses set forth in the 
Note Register of Holders, provided that (a) all cash payments of principal, 
premium, if any, and interest with respect to Notes represented by Global 
Notes registered in the name of or held by DTC or its nominee will be made 
through the Paying Agent by wire transfer of immediately available funds to 
the accounts specified by the registered Holder or Holders thereof and (b) 
all cash payments of principal, premium, if any, and interest with respect 
to certificated Notes may, at the option of the Issuers, be made by wire 
transfer to a U.S. dollar account maintained by the payee with a bank in 
the United States of America if such Holder elects payment by wire transfer 
by giving written notice to the Trustee or the Paying Agent to such effect 
designating such account no later than 30 days immediately preceding the 
relevant due date for payment (or such other date as the Trustee may accept 
in its discretion). Such payment shall be in such coin or currency of the 
United States of America as at the time of payment is legal tender for 
payment of public and private debts.

3. Paying Agent, Transfer Agent and Registrar. Initially, Wilmington Trust, 
National Association, the Trustee under the Indenture, will act as Paying 
Agent, Transfer Agent and Registrar. The Issuers may change any Paying 
Agent, Transfer Agent or Registrar without prior notice to the Holders. The 
Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries may act in any such capacity upon written 
notice to the Trustee.

4. Indenture. The Issuers issued the Notes under an Indenture, dated as of 
October 24, 2016 (as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time 
to time, the “Indenture”), among the Issuers, the Guarantors from time to 
time party thereto and Wilmington Trust, National Association, as trustee 
(the “Trustee”). This Note is one of a duly authorized issue of notes of 
the Issuer designated as its 6.500% Senior Notes due 2024. The Issuers 
shall be entitled to issue Additional Notes pursuant to Sections 2.01 and 
4.09 of the Indenture. The terms of this Note include those stated in the 
Indenture and those made part of the Indenture by reference to the Trust 
Indenture Act. This Note is subject to all such terms, and the Holder of 
this Note is referred to the Indenture and the Trust Indenture Act for a 
statement of such terms. To the extent any provision of this Note conflicts 
with the express provisions of the Indenture, the provisions of the 
Indenture shall govern and be controlling.
 
A-1-4

------------------------------------------------------------------------
5. Optional Redemption.

(a) Except as set forth in clauses (b) and (d) of this paragraph 5 and in 
clauses (b) and (d) of Section 3.07 of the Indenture, the Notes will not be 
redeemable at the Issuers’ option prior to December 1, 2021.

(b) At any time prior to December 1, 2021, the Issuers may, at their option 
and on one or more occasions, redeem all or a part of the Notes, upon 
notice in accordance with Section 3.03 of the Indenture, at a redemption 
price equal to the sum of (A) 100.0% of the principal amount of the Notes 
redeemed, plus (B) the Applicable Premium as of the Redemption Date, plus 
(C) accrued and unpaid interest and Additional Interest, if any, to, but 
excluding, the Redemption Date, subject to the right of Holders of record 
on the relevant Record Date to receive interest due on the Notes on the 
relevant Interest Payment Date falling prior to or on the Redemption Date.

(c) On and after December 1, 2021, the Issuers may, at their option and on 
one or more occasions, redeem the Notes, in whole or in part, upon notice 
in accordance with Section 3.03 of the Indenture, at the redemption prices 
(expressed as percentages of principal amount of the Notes to be redeemed) 
set forth below, plus accrued and unpaid interest and Additional Interest, 
if any, thereon to, but excluding, the applicable Redemption Date, subject 
to the right of Holders of record on the relevant Record Date to receive 
interest due on the relevant Interest Payment Date falling prior to or on 
the Redemption Date, if redeemed during the twelve-month period beginning 
on December 1 of each of the years indicated below:
 
Year 	   	Percentage 	 
 2021
   	  	103.250 	% 
 2022
   	  	101.625 	% 
 2023 and thereafter
   	  	100.000 	% 

(d) In connection with any tender offer for the Notes, including without 
limitation any Change of Control Offer, if Holders of not less than 90% in 
aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes validly tender and do 
not withdraw such Notes in such tender offer and the Issuers, or any third 
party making such tender offer in lieu of the Issuers, purchases all of the 
Notes validly tendered and not withdrawn by such Holders, the Issuers or 
such third party will have the right upon not less than 15 nor more than 60 
days’ prior notice, given not more than 30 days following such purchase 
date, to redeem all Notes that remain outstanding following such purchase 
at a price equal to the price offered to each other Holder in such tender 
offer plus, to the extent not included in the tender offer payment, accrued 
and unpaid interest, if any, thereon, to, but excluding, the Redemption 
Date.

(e) Any redemption pursuant to this paragraph 5 shall be made pursuant to 
the provisions of Sections 3.01 through 3.06 of the Indenture. Notice of 
any redemption may be given prior to the completion thereof, and any such 
redemption or notice may, at the Issuers’ discretion, be subject to one or 
more conditions precedent, including, but not limited to, completion of a 
related transaction. In addition, if such redemption is subject to 
satisfaction of one or more conditions precedent, such notice shall state 
that, in the Issuers’ discretion, the Redemption Date may be delayed until 
such time as any or all such conditions shall be satisfied, or such 
redemption may not occur and such notice may be rescinded in the event that 
any or all such conditions shall not have been satisfied by the Redemption 
Date, or by the Redemption Date so delayed. In addition, the Issuers may 
provide in such notice that payment of the redemption price and performance 
of the Issuers’ obligations with respect to such redemption may be 
performed by another Person. The Issuers, the Investors and their 
respective Affiliates may acquire the Notes by means other than a 
redemption pursuant to this paragraph 5, whether by tender offer, open 
market purchases, negotiated transactions or otherwise.

6. Notice of Redemption. Subject to Sections 3.03 and 3.08 of the 
Indenture, notices of redemption shall be delivered electronically or 
mailed by first-class mail, postage prepaid, at least 15 but (except as set 
forth in paragraph 5(e) above and Section 3.07(e) of the Indenture) not 
more than 60 days before the Redemption Date to each Holder whose Notes are 
to be redeemed at such Holder’s registered address or otherwise in 
accordance with the Applicable Procedures, except that redemption notices 
may be delivered electronically or mailed more than 60
 
A-1-5

------------------------------------------------------------------------
days prior to a Redemption Date if the notice is issued in connection with 
Article 8 or Article 11 of the Indenture. Notes and portions of Notes 
selected for redemption shall be in integral multiples of $1,000 (but in a 
minimum amount of $2,000) and no Notes of $2,000 or less can be redeemed in 
part, except that if all of the Notes of a Holder are to be redeemed, the 
entire outstanding amount of Notes held by such Holder shall be redeemed, 
even if not in a principal amount of at least $2,000. On and after the 
Redemption Date, subject to satisfaction of any conditions precedent 
specified in the applicable notice of redemption, interest ceases to accrue 
on this Note or portions thereof called for redemption.

7. Offers to Repurchase. Upon the occurrence of a Change of Control 
Triggering Event, the Issuers shall make a Change of Control Offer in 
accordance with Section 4.14 of the Indenture. In connection with certain 
Asset Sales, the Issuers shall make an Asset Sale Offer as and when 
provided in accordance with Sections 3.09 and 4.10 of the Indenture.

Other than as specifically provided in Section 3.09 or Section 4.10 of the 
Indenture, any purchase pursuant to Section 3.09 of the Indenture shall be 
made pursuant to the applicable provisions of Sections 3.01 through 3.06 of 
the Indenture, and references therein or herein to “redeem,” “redemption,” 
“Redemption Date” and similar words shall be deemed to refer to “purchase,” 
“repurchase,” “Purchase Date” and similar words, as applicable.

8. Denominations, Transfer, Exchange. The Notes are in registered form 
without coupons in minimum denominations of $2,000 and any integral 
multiple of $1,000 in excess of $2,000. The transfer of Notes shall be 
registered and Notes may only be exchanged as provided in the Indenture. 
The Registrar and the Trustee may require a Holder, among other things, to 
furnish appropriate endorsements and transfer documents and the Issuers may 
require a Holder to pay any taxes and fees required by law or permitted by 
the Indenture. The Issuers need not exchange or register the transfer of 
any Note or portion of a Note selected for redemption, except for the 
unredeemed portion of any Note being redeemed in part; provided that new 
Notes will only be issued in minimum denominations of $2,000 and integral 
multiples of $1,000 in excess of $2,000. Also, the Issuers need not 
exchange or register the transfer of any Notes for a period of 15 days 
before the mailing of a notice of redemption of Notes to be redeemed.

9. Persons Deemed Owners. The registered Holder of a Note shall be treated 
as its owner for all purposes. Only registered Holders shall have rights 
hereunder.

10. Amendment, Supplement and Waiver. The Indenture, the Guarantees or the 
Notes may be amended or supplemented as provided in the Indenture.

Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, if, following the date 
hereof, in connection with an anticipated marketed offering of all of the 
then outstanding PHRI Notes (such marketed PHRI Notes, the “Marketed Notes
”), the terms agreed to in connection with the offering of such Marketed 
Notes, as set forth in the final offering memorandum relating thereto (the 
“Offering Memorandum”), differ from the terms of this Note as set forth 
herein or in the Indenture, then (a) the corresponding terms of this Note 
as set forth herein or in the Indenture shall be deemed to have been 
automatically supplemented, amended or modified as of the closing date for 
the sale of the Marketed Notes pursuant to the Purchase Agreement (the “
Reset Date”) to reflect any such differences without the consent of the 
Holder of this Note or any other person (including, without limitation, the 
interest rate set forth in paragraph 1 of this Note), and (b) the Issuer, 
the Guarantors and the Trustee shall, on or prior to the Reset Date, amend 
or supplement the Indenture, any Guarantees and the Notes with effect from 
the Reset Date, pursuant to Section 9.07 of the Indenture without the 
consent of any Holder, to conform the text of the Indenture, such 
Guarantees and the Notes to the “Description of the Notes” section of the 
Offering Memorandum; provided that (i) the interest rate of this Note shall 
be reset with effect from the Reset Date to reflect the interest rate at 
which the “offering price” to be set forth in the Offering Memorandum would 
equal 100.000% (of the principal amount of the Marketed Notes) plus accrued 
and unpaid interest, if any, to, but excluding, the Reset Date, (ii) no 
additional redemption features that allow for optional redemption by the 
Issuers prior to December 1, 2021shall be added to this Note or the 
Indenture and (iii) the maturity date agreed to in connection with the 
offering of the Marketed Notes shall not be earlier than the maturity date 
set forth in this Note or later than three months after the maturity date 
set forth in this Note. The Issuer may, and, at the Issuer’s direction, the 
Trustee shall, exchange this Note, in certificated form, for another 
Definitive Note or a corresponding beneficial interest in one or more 
Global Notes issued under the Indenture to reflect any such change in the 
terms of the Indenture, any Guarantees or this Note, and/or to include 
CUSIP numbers and
 
A-1-6

------------------------------------------------------------------------
ISIN numbers with respect to the Notes, or as may otherwise be necessary or 
appropriate to give effect to any supplement, amendment or modification of 
the terms of the Indenture, any Guarantees or this Note pursuant to this 
paragraph and Section 9.07 of the Indenture, and if any new Notes are to be 
issued in exchange for this Note pursuant to this paragraph and Section 
9.07 of the Indenture, the Issuer shall provide an Authentication Order and 
a cancellation order to the Trustee in respect thereof. Failure to make the 
appropriate notation or issue a new Note shall not affect the validity and 
effect of any such supplement, amendment or modification.

11. Defaults and Remedies.

(a) The Events of Default relating to the Notes are defined in Section 6.01 
of the Indenture. If any Event of Default (other than an Event of Default 
of the type specified in clause (vi) or (vii) of Section 6.01(a) of the 
Indenture) occurs and is continuing under the Indenture, the Trustee or the 
Holders of not less than 25.0% in aggregate principal amount of all of the 
then outstanding Notes may, by notice to the Issuers and the Trustee, in 
either case, specifying in such notice the respective Event of Default and 
that such notice is a “notice of acceleration”, declare the principal, 
premium, if any, interest and any other monetary obligations on all the 
then outstanding Notes to be due and payable immediately. Upon the 
effectiveness of such declaration, such principal of and premium, if any, 
and interest will be due and payable immediately. Notwithstanding the 
foregoing, in the case of an Event of Default arising under clause (vi) or 
(vii) of Section 6.01(a) of the Indenture, all outstanding Notes will 
become due and payable without further action or notice. Holders may not 
enforce the Indenture, the Notes or the Guarantees except as provided in 
the Indenture. Subject to certain limitations, Holders of a majority in 
aggregate principal amount of all the Notes then outstanding may direct the 
Trustee in its exercise of any trust or power.

(b) The Trustee may withhold from the Holders notice of any continuing 
Default, except a Default relating to the payment of principal, premium, if 
any, or interest, if it determines that withholding notice is in their 
interest. In addition, subject to Section 6.05 of the Indenture, the 
Trustee will have no obligation to accelerate the Notes if in the judgment 
of the Trustee acceleration is not in the interests of the Holders of all 
of the Notes.

(c) Holders of a majority in aggregate principal amount of all the Notes 
then outstanding, by notice to the Trustee (with a copy to the Issuers, 
provided that any waiver or rescission under Section 6.04 of the Indenture 
shall be valid and binding notwithstanding the failure to provide a copy of 
such notice to the Issuers) may on behalf of the Holders of all of the 
Notes waive any existing Default and its consequences under the Indenture 
(except a continuing Default in the payment of interest on, premium, if 
any, or the principal of any Note held by a non-consenting Holder) 
(including in connection with an Asset Sale Offer or a Change of Control 
Offer) and rescind any acceleration with respect to the Notes and its 
consequences under the Indenture (except if such rescission would conflict 
with any judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction). Upon any such 
waiver, such Default shall cease to exist, and any Event of Default arising 
therefrom shall be deemed to have been cured for every purpose of the 
Indenture; but no such waiver shall extend to any subsequent or other 
Default or impair any right consequent thereto.

(d) The Issuer is required to deliver to the Trustee annually a statement 
regarding compliance with the Indenture, and the Issuer shall promptly 
(which shall be no more than 20 Business Days after becoming aware of such 
Default) deliver to the Trustee by registered or certified mail or by 
facsimile transmission an Officer’s Certificate specifying such event and 
what action the Issuers propose to take with respect thereto.

12. Guarantees. The Issuers’ obligations under the Notes will be fully and 
unconditionally guaranteed, jointly and severally, by the Guarantors from 
time to time party to the Indenture.

13. Authentication. This Note shall not be entitled to any benefit under 
the Indenture or be valid or obligatory for any purpose until authenticated 
by the manual signature of the Trustee.

14. Governing Law. THIS NOTE, AND ANY CLAIM, CONTROVERSY OR DISPUTE ARISING 
UNDER OR RELATED TO THIS NOTE, WILL BE GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED IN 
ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK.

15. CUSIP Numbers and ISINs. The Issuers may use CUSIP numbers and ISINs 
(in each case, if then generally in use). The Issuers will as promptly as 
practicable notify the Holders in writing of any change in the
 
A-1-7

------------------------------------------------------------------------
CUSIP numbers and ISINs. No representation will be made as to the accuracy 
of such numbers either as printed on the Notes or as contained in any 
notice of redemption and reliance may be placed only on the other 
identification numbers placed thereon.

The Issuers will furnish to any Holder upon written request and without 
charge a copy of the Indenture. Requests may be made to the Issuers at the 
following address:


Hilton Grand Vacations Borrower LLC
Hilton Grand Vacations Borrower Inc.
c/o Hilton Grand Vacations Borrower Inc.
5323 Millenia Lakes Boulevard, Suite 160
Orlando, FL 32839
Facsimile: 	   	(407) 722-3637
Attention: 	   	Charles R. Corbin, Jr., General Counsel

With a copy to:

Simpson Thacher & Bartlett LLP
425 Lexington Avenue
New York, NY 10017-3954
Facsimile: 	   	(212) 455-2502
Attention: 	   	Edward P. Tolley III
 
A-1-8

------------------------------------------------------------------------
ASSIGNMENT FORM

To assign this Note, fill in the form below:
 
(I) or (we) assign and transfer this Note to: 	  	
 
   	
  	(Insert assignee’s legal name) 	   	
 
 
(Insert assignee’s soc. sec. or tax I.D. no.)
 
 
 
 
 
 
(Print or type assignee’s name, address and zip code)
 
and irrevocably appoint 	  	
 
to transfer this Note on the books of the Issuer. The agent may substitute 
another to act for him.
 
Date: 	  	
 
  	 	  	 	  	
  	 	  	 	  	Your Signature: 	  	
 
  	 	  	 	  	 	  	(Sign exactly as your name appears on the face of this 
Note)
Signature Guarantee*: 	  	
 
  	 	  	 	  	
 
* 	Participant in a recognized Signature Guarantee Medallion Program (or 
other signature guarantor acceptable to the Trustee).
 
A-1-9

------------------------------------------------------------------------
OPTION OF HOLDER TO ELECT PURCHASE

If you want to elect to have this Note purchased by the Issuer pursuant to 
Section 4.10 or 4.14 of the Indenture, check the appropriate box below:

[    ] Section 4.10                                         [    ] Section 
4.14

If you want to elect to have only part of this Note purchased by the Issuer 
pursuant to Section 4.10 or Section 4.14 of the Indenture, state the amount 
you elect to have purchased:

$        
 
Date: 	  	
 
  	 	  	 	  	
  	 	  	 	  	Your Signature: 	  	
 
  	 	  	 	  	 	  	(Sign exactly as your name appears on the face of this 
Note)
  	 	  	 	  	Tax Identification No.:
Signature Guarantee*: 	  	
 
  	 	  	 	  	
 
* 	Participant in a recognized Signature Guarantee Medallion Program (or 
other signature guarantor acceptable to the Trustee).
 
A-1-10

------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXHIBIT A-2

[FORM OF NOTE]

[FACE OF NOTE]

[Insert the Global Note Legend, if applicable pursuant to the provisions of 
the Indenture]

[Insert the Private Placement Legend, if applicable pursuant to the 
provisions of the Indenture]

[Insert the Regulation S Temporary Global Note Legend, if applicable 
pursuant to the provisions of the Indenture]
 
A-2-1

------------------------------------------------------------------------
CUSIP 	  	[-]
ISIN 	  	[-]

[RULE 144A][REGULATION S] [GLOBAL] NOTE
initially representing [up to]
$[        ]

HILTON GRAND VACATIONS BORROWER LLC
HILTON GRAND VACATIONS BORROWER INC.

6.500% Senior Notes due 2024
 
No.     	   	[$        ]

Hilton Grand Vacations Borrower LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, 
and Hilton Grand Vacations Borrower Inc., a Delaware corporation, jointly 
and severally, promise to pay to [Cede & Co.]* or registered assigns the 
principal sum [set forth on the Schedule of Exchanges of Interests in the 
Global Note attached hereto] [of                      United States 
Dollars] on December 1, 2024.
 
Interest Payment Dates: 	  	June 1 and December 1, commencing on June 1, 
2017
Record Dates: 	  	May 15 and November 15

Additional provisions of this Note are set forth on the other side of this 
Note.
 
* 	Include only if the Note is issued in global form.
 
A-2-2

------------------------------------------------------------------------
IN WITNESS HEREOF, the Issuers have caused this instrument to be duly 
executed.

Dated:
 
HILTON GRAND VACATIONS BORROWER LLC, as Issuer
By: 	  	
 
  	Name: 	  	
  	Title: 	  	
HILTON GRAND VACATIONS BORROWER INC., as Co-Issuer
By: 	  	
 
  	Name: 	  	
  	Title: 	  	
 
A-2-3

------------------------------------------------------------------------
This is one of the Notes referred to in the within-mentioned Indenture:
WILMINGTON TRUST, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as Trustee
By: 	  	
 
  	Name: 	  	
  	Title: 	  	
Date: 	  	
 
 
A-2-4

------------------------------------------------------------------------
[REVERSE OF NOTE]

6.500% Senior Notes due 2024

Capitalized terms used herein shall have the meanings assigned to them in 
the Indenture referred to below unless otherwise indicated.

1. Interest. Hilton Grand Vacations Borrower LLC, a Delaware limited 
liability company (the “Issuer”), and Hilton Grand Vacations Borrower Inc., 
a Delaware corporation (the “Co-Issuer”) and, together with the Issuer, the 
“Issuers”) (in each case, until a successor Person or Persons shall have 
become such pursuant to the applicable provisions of the Indenture, and 
thereafter references to “Issuer” or “Issuers” shall refer to such 
successor Person or Persons), jointly and severally, promise to pay 
interest on the principal amount of this Note at a rate per annum of 6.500% 
from [-], [-]1 until maturity and to pay the Additional Interest, if any, 
payable pursuant to the Registration Rights Agreement referred to below. 
The Issuers will pay interest on this Note semi-annually in arrears on June 
1 and December 1 of each year, beginning June 1, 2017, or, if any such day 
is not a Business Day, on the next succeeding Business Day (each, an “
Interest Payment Date”). The Issuers will make each interest payment to the 
Holder of record of this Note on the immediately preceding May 15 and 
November 15 (each, a “Record Date”). Interest on this Note will accrue from 
the most recent date to which interest has been paid or, if no interest has 
been paid, from and including [-], [-].2 The Issuers will pay interest 
(including post-petition interest in any proceeding under any Bankruptcy 
Law) on overdue principal and premium, if any, from time to time on demand 
at the rate borne by this Note; the Issuers shall pay interest (including 
post-petition interest in any proceeding under any Bankruptcy Law) on 
overdue installments of interest (without regard to any applicable grace 
periods) from time to time on demand at the rate borne by this Note. 
Interest will be computed on the basis of a 360-day year comprised of 
twelve 30-day months.

2. Method of Payment. The Issuers will pay interest on this Note to the 
Person who is the registered Holder of this Note at the close of business 
on the Record Date (whether or not a Business Day) next preceding the 
Interest Payment Date, even if this Note is cancelled after such Record 
Date and on or before such Interest Payment Date, except as provided in 
Section 2.12 of the Indenture with respect to defaulted interest. Cash 
payments of principal of, premium, if any, and interest on this Note will 
be payable at the office or agency of the Issuers maintained for such 
purpose pursuant to Section 4.02 of the Indenture or, at the option of the 
Issuers, cash payment of interest may be made through the Paying Agent by 
check mailed to the Holders at their respective addresses set forth in the 
Note Register of Holders, provided that (a) all cash payments of principal, 
premium, if any, and interest with respect to Notes represented by Global 
Notes registered in the name of or held by DTC or its nominee will be made 
through the Paying Agent by wire transfer of immediately available funds to 
the accounts specified by the registered Holder or Holders thereof and (b) 
all cash payments of principal, premium, if any, and interest with respect 
to certificated Notes may, at the option of the Issuers, be made by wire 
transfer to a U.S. dollar account maintained by the payee with a bank in 
the United States of America if such Holder elects payment by wire transfer 
by giving written notice to the Trustee or the Paying Agent to such effect 
designating such account no later than 30 days immediately preceding the 
relevant due date for payment (or such other date as the Trustee may accept 
in its discretion). Such payment shall be in such coin or currency of the 
United States of America as at the time of payment is legal tender for 
payment of public and private debts.

3. Paying Agent, Transfer Agent and Registrar. Initially, Wilmington Trust, 
National Association, the Trustee under the Indenture, will act as Paying 
Agent, Transfer Agent and Registrar. The Issuers may change any Paying 
Agent, Transfer Agent or Registrar without prior notice to the Holders. The 
Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries may act in any such capacity upon written 
notice to the Trustee.
 
1  	To be the Reset Date, in the case of Notes issued on the Reset Date.
2  	
To be the Reset Date, in the case of Notes issued on the Reset Date.
 
A-2-5

------------------------------------------------------------------------
4. Indenture. The Issuers issued the Notes under an Indenture, dated as of 
October 24, 2016 (as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time 
to time, the “Indenture”), among the Issuers, the Guarantors from time to 
time party thereto and Wilmington Trust, National Association, as trustee 
(the “Trustee”). This Note is one of a duly authorized issue of notes of 
the Issuer designated as its 6.500% Senior Notes due 2024. The Issuers 
shall be entitled to issue Additional Notes pursuant to Sections 2.01 and 
4.09 of the Indenture. The terms of the Notes include those stated in the 
Indenture and those made part of the Indenture by reference to the Trust 
Indenture Act. The Notes are subject to all such terms, and Holders are 
referred to the Indenture and the Trust Indenture Act for a statement of 
such terms. To the extent any provision of this Note conflicts with the 
express provisions of the Indenture, the provisions of the Indenture shall 
govern and be controlling.

5. Optional Redemption.

(a) Except as set forth in clauses (b) and (d) of this paragraph 5 and in 
clauses (b) and (d) of Section 3.07 of the Indenture, the Notes will not be 
redeemable at the Issuers’ option prior to December 1, 2021.

(b) At any time prior to December 1, 2021, the Issuers may, at their option 
and on one or more occasions, redeem all or a part of the Notes, upon 
notice in accordance with Section 3.03 of the Indenture, at a redemption 
price equal to the sum of (A) 100.0% of the principal amount of the Notes 
redeemed, plus (B) the Applicable Premium as of the Redemption Date, plus 
(C) accrued and unpaid interest and Additional Interest, if any, to, but 
excluding, the Redemption Date, subject to the right of Holders of record 
on the relevant Record Date to receive interest due on the Notes on the 
relevant Interest Payment Date falling prior to or on the Redemption Date.

(c) On and after December 1, 2021, the Issuers may, at their option and on 
one or more occasions, redeem the Notes, in whole or in part, upon notice 
in accordance with Section 3.03 of the Indenture, at the redemption prices 
(expressed as percentages of principal amount of the Notes to be redeemed) 
set forth below, plus accrued and unpaid interest and Additional Interest, 
if any, thereon to, but excluding, the applicable Redemption Date, subject 
to the right of Holders of record on the relevant Record Date to receive 
interest due on the relevant Interest Payment Date falling prior to or on 
the Redemption Date, if redeemed during the twelve-month period beginning 
on December 1 of each of the years indicated below:
 
Year 	   	Percentage 	 
 2021
   	  	103.250 	% 
 2022
   	  	101.625 	% 
 2023 and thereafter
   	  	100.000 	% 

(d) In connection with any tender offer for the Notes, including without 
limitation any Change of Control Offer, if Holders of not less than 90% in 
aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes validly tender and do 
not withdraw such Notes in such tender offer and the Issuers, or any third 
party making such tender offer in lieu of the Issuers, purchases all of the 
Notes validly tendered and not withdrawn by such Holders, the Issuers or 
such third party will have the right upon not less than 15 nor more than 60 
days’ prior notice, given not more than 30 days following such purchase 
date, to redeem all Notes that remain outstanding following such purchase 
at a price equal to the price offered to each other Holder in such tender 
offer plus, to the extent not included in the tender offer payment, accrued 
and unpaid interest, if any, thereon, to, but excluding, the Redemption 
Date.

(e) Any redemption pursuant to this paragraph 5 shall be made pursuant to 
the provisions of Sections 3.01 through 3.06 of the Indenture. Notice of 
any redemption may be given prior to the completion thereof, and any such 
redemption or notice may, at the Issuers’ discretion, be subject to one or 
more conditions precedent, including, but not limited to, completion of a 
related transaction. In addition, if such redemption is subject to 
satisfaction of one or more conditions precedent, such notice shall state 
that, in the Issuers’ discretion, the Redemption Date may be delayed until 
such time as any or all such conditions shall be satisfied, or such 
redemption may not occur and such notice may be rescinded in the event that 
any or all such conditions shall not have been satisfied by the Redemption 
Date, or by the Redemption Date so delayed. In addition, the Issuers may 
provide in such notice that payment
 
A-2-6

------------------------------------------------------------------------
of the redemption price and performance of the Issuers’ obligations with 
respect to such redemption may be performed by another Person. The Issuers, 
the Investors and their respective Affiliates may acquire the Notes by 
means other than a redemption pursuant to this paragraph 5, whether by 
tender offer, open market purchases, negotiated transactions or otherwise.

6. Notice of Redemption. Subject to Sections 3.03 and 3.08 of the 
Indenture, notices of redemption shall be delivered electronically or 
mailed by first-class mail, postage prepaid, at least 15 but (except as set 
forth in paragraph 5(e) above and Section 3.07(e) of the Indenture) not 
more than 60 days before the Redemption Date to each Holder whose Notes are 
to be redeemed at such Holder’s registered address or otherwise in 
accordance with the Applicable Procedures, except that redemption notices 
may be delivered electronically or mailed more than 60 days prior to a 
Redemption Date if the notice is issued in connection with Article 8 or 
Article 11 of the Indenture. Notes and portions of Notes selected for 
redemption shall be in integral multiples of $1,000 (but in a minimum 
amount of $2,000) and no Notes of $2,000 or less can be redeemed in part, 
except that if all of the Notes of a Holder are to be redeemed, the entire 
outstanding amount of Notes held by such Holder shall be redeemed, even if 
not in a principal amount of at least $2,000. On and after the Redemption 
Date, subject to satisfaction of any conditions precedent specified in the 
applicable notice of redemption, interest ceases to accrue on this Note or 
portions thereof called for redemption.

7. Offers to Repurchase. Upon the occurrence of a Change of Control 
Triggering Event, the Issuers shall make a Change of Control Offer in 
accordance with Section 4.14 of the Indenture. In connection with certain 
Asset Sales, the Issuers shall make an Asset Sale Offer as and when 
provided in accordance with Sections 3.08 and 4.10 of the Indenture.

Other than as specifically provided in Section 3.08 or Section 4.10 of the 
Indenture, any purchase pursuant to Section 3.08 of the Indenture shall be 
made pursuant to the applicable provisions of Sections 3.01 through 3.06 of 
the Indenture, and references therein or herein to “redeem,” “redemption,” 
“Redemption Date” and similar words shall be deemed to refer to “purchase,” 
“repurchase,” “Purchase Date” and similar words, as applicable.

8. Denominations, Transfer, Exchange. The Notes are in registered form 
without coupons in minimum denominations of $2,000 and any integral 
multiple of $1,000 in excess of $2,000. The transfer of Notes shall be 
registered and Notes may only be exchanged as provided in the Indenture. 
The Registrar and the Trustee may require a Holder, among other things, to 
furnish appropriate endorsements and transfer documents and the Issuers may 
require a Holder to pay any taxes and fees required by law or permitted by 
the Indenture. The Issuers need not exchange or register the transfer of 
any Note or portion of a Note selected for redemption, except for the 
unredeemed portion of any Note being redeemed in part; provided that new 
Notes will only be issued in minimum denominations of $2,000 and integral 
multiples of $1,000 in excess of $2,000. Also, the Issuers need not 
exchange or register the transfer of any Notes for a period of 15 days 
before the mailing of a notice of redemption of Notes to be redeemed.

9. Persons Deemed Owners. The registered Holder of a Note shall be treated 
as its owner for all purposes. Only registered Holders shall have rights 
hereunder.

10. Amendment, Supplement and Waiver. The Indenture, the Guarantees or the 
Notes may be amended or supplemented as provided in the Indenture.

11. Defaults and Remedies.

(a) The Events of Default relating to the Notes are defined in Section 6.01 
of the Indenture. If any Event of Default (other than an Event of Default 
of the type specified in clause (vi) or (vii) of Section 6.01(a) of the 
Indenture) occurs and is continuing under the Indenture, the Trustee or the 
Holders of not less than 25.0% in aggregate principal amount of all of the 
then outstanding Notes may, by notice to the Issuers and the Trustee, in 
either case, specifying in such notice the respective Event of Default and 
that such notice is a “notice of acceleration”, declare the principal, 
premium, if any, interest and any other monetary obligations on all the 
then outstanding Notes to be due and payable immediately. Upon the 
effectiveness of such declaration, such principal of and premium, if any, 
and interest will be due and payable immediately. Notwithstanding the 
foregoing, in the case of an Event of Default arising under clause (vi) or 
(vii) of Section 6.01(a) of the Indenture, all outstanding Notes will 
become due and payable
 
A-2-7

------------------------------------------------------------------------
without further action or notice. Holders may not enforce the Indenture, 
the Notes or the Guarantees except as provided in the Indenture. Subject to 
certain limitations, Holders of a majority in aggregate principal amount of 
all the Notes then outstanding may direct the Trustee in its exercise of 
any trust or power.

(b) The Trustee may withhold from the Holders notice of any continuing 
Default, except a Default relating to the payment of principal, premium, if 
any, or interest, if it determines that withholding notice is in their 
interest. In addition, subject to Section 6.05 of the Indenture, the 
Trustee will have no obligation to accelerate the Notes if in the judgment 
of the Trustee acceleration is not in the interests of the Holders of all 
of the Notes.

(c) Holders of a majority in aggregate principal amount of all the Notes 
then outstanding, by notice to the Trustee (with a copy to the Issuers, 
provided that any waiver or rescission under Section 6.04 of the Indenture 
shall be valid and binding notwithstanding the failure to provide a copy of 
such notice to the Issuers) may on behalf of the Holders of all of the 
Notes waive any existing Default and its consequences under the Indenture 
(except a continuing Default in the payment of interest on, premium, if 
any, or the principal of any Note held by a non-consenting Holder) 
(including in connection with an Asset Sale Offer or a Change of Control 
Offer) and rescind any acceleration with respect to the Notes and its 
consequences under the Indenture (except if such rescission would conflict 
with any judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction). Upon any such 
waiver, such Default shall cease to exist, and any Event of Default arising 
therefrom shall be deemed to have been cured for every purpose of the 
Indenture; but no such waiver shall extend to any subsequent or other 
Default or impair any right consequent thereto.

(d) The Issuer is required to deliver to the Trustee annually a statement 
regarding compliance with the Indenture, and the Issuer shall promptly 
(which shall be no more than 20 Business Days after becoming aware of such 
Default) deliver to the Trustee by registered or certified mail or by 
facsimile transmission an Officer’s Certificate specifying such event and 
what action the Issuers propose to take with respect thereto.

12. Guarantees. The Issuers’ obligations under the Notes will be fully and 
unconditionally guaranteed, jointly and severally, by the Guarantors from 
time to time party to the Indenture.

13. Authentication. This Note shall not be entitled to any benefit under 
the Indenture or be valid or obligatory for any purpose until authenticated 
by the manual signature of the Trustee.

14. Additional Rights of Holders of Restricted Global Notes and Restricted 
Definitive Notes. In addition to the rights provided to Holders under the 
Indenture, Holders of Restricted Global Notes and Restricted Definitive 
Notes shall have all the rights set forth in the Registration Rights 
Agreement, including the right to receive Additional Interest (as defined 
in the Registration Rights Agreement).

15. Governing Law. THIS NOTE, AND ANY CLAIM, CONTROVERSY OR DISPUTE ARISING 
UNDER OR RELATED TO THIS NOTE, WILL BE GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED IN 
ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK.

16. CUSIP Numbers and ISINs. Pursuant to a recommendation promulgated by 
the Committee on Uniform Security Identification Procedures, the Issuer has 
caused CUSIP numbers and ISINs to be printed on the Notes and the Trustee 
may use CUSIP numbers and ISINs in notices of redemption as a convenience 
to Holders.

The Issuers will furnish to any Holder upon written request and without 
charge a copy of the Indenture and/or the Registration Rights Agreement. 
Requests may be made to the Issuers at the following address:

Hilton Grand Vacations Borrower LLC
Hilton Grand Vacations Borrower Inc.
c/o Hilton Grand Vacations Borrower Inc.
5323 Millenia Lakes Boulevard, Suite 160
Orlando, FL 32839
Facsimile: 	   	(407) 722-3637
Attention: 	   	Charles R. Corbin, Jr., General Counsel
 
A-2-8

------------------------------------------------------------------------
With a copy to:

Simpson Thacher & Bartlett LLP
425 Lexington Avenue
New York, NY 10017-3954
Facsimile: 	   	(212) 455-2502
Attention: 	   	Edward P. Tolley III
 
A-2-9

------------------------------------------------------------------------
ASSIGNMENT FORM

To assign this Note, fill in the form below:
 
(I) or (we) assign and transfer this Note to: 	  	
 
   	
  	(Insert assignee’s legal name) 	   	
 
 
(Insert assignee’s soc. sec. or tax I.D. no.)
 
 
 
(Print or type assignee’s name, address and zip code)
 
and irrevocably appoint 	  	
 
to transfer this Note on the books of the Issuer. The agent may substitute 
another to act for him.
 
Date: 	  	
 
  	 	  	 	  	
  	 	  	 	  	Your Signature: 	  	
 
  	 	  	 	  	 	  	(Sign exactly as your name appears on the face of this 
Note)
Signature Guarantee*: 	  	
 
  	 	  	 	  	
 
* 	Participant in a recognized Signature Guarantee Medallion Program (or 
other signature guarantor acceptable to the Trustee).
 
A-2-10

------------------------------------------------------------------------
OPTION OF HOLDER TO ELECT PURCHASE

If you want to elect to have this Note purchased by the Issuer pursuant to 
Section 4.10 or 4.14 of the Indenture, check the appropriate box below:

[    ] Section 4.10                                         [    ] Section 
4.14

If you want to elect to have only part of this Note purchased by the Issuer 
pursuant to Section 4.10 or Section 4.14 of the Indenture, state the amount 
you elect to have purchased:

$        
 
Date: 	  	
 
  	 	  	 	  	
  	 	  	 	  	Your Signature: 	  	
 
  	 	  	 	  	 	  	(Sign exactly as your name appears on the face of this 
Note)
  	 	  	 	  	Tax Identification No.:
Signature Guarantee*: 	  	
 
  	 	  	 	  	
 
* 	Participant in a recognized Signature Guarantee Medallion Program (or 
other signature guarantor acceptable to the Trustee).
 
A-2-11

------------------------------------------------------------------------
SCHEDULE OF EXCHANGES OF INTERESTS IN THE GLOBAL NOTE*

The initial outstanding principal amount of this Global Note is $        . 
The following exchanges of a part of this Global Note for an interest in 
another Global Note or for a Definitive Note, or exchanges of a part of 
another Global or Definitive Note for an interest in this Global Note, have 
been made:
 
Date of Exchange
   	Amount of
decrease in
Principal Amount
of this Global Note 	  	   	Amount of increase
in Principal Amount
of this Global Note 	  	   	Principal Amount of
this Global Note
following such
decrease or increase 	  	   	Signature of
authorized
signatory of
Trustee or
Custodian 	 
   	 	 	 	   	 	 	 	   	 	 	 	   	 	 	
   	 	 	 	   	 	 	 	   	 	 	 	   	 	 	
   	 	 	 	   	 	 	 	   	 	 	 	   	 	 	
 
* 	This schedule should be included only if the Note is issued in global 
form.
 
A-2-12

------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXHIBIT B

[FORM OF CERTIFICATE OF TRANSFER]

Hilton Grand Vacations Borrower LLC
Hilton Grand Vacations Borrower Inc.
c/o Hilton Grand Vacations Borrower Inc.
5323 Millenia Lakes Boulevard, Suite 160
Orlando, FL 32839
Facsimile: 	   	(407) 722-3637
Attention: 	   	Charles R. Corbin, Jr., General Counsel

With a copy to:

Simpson Thacher & Bartlett LLP
425 Lexington Avenue
New York, NY 10017-3954
Facsimile: 	   	(212) 455-2502
Attention: 	   	Edward P. Tolley III

Wilmington Trust, National Association
Rodney Square North
1100 North Market Street
Wilmington, DE 19890
Facsimile: 	   	(302) 636-4145
Attention: 	   	Hilton Grand Vacations Borrower Administrator
 
  	Re: 	6.500% Senior Notes due 2024

Reference is hereby made to the Indenture, dated as of October 24, 2016 (as 
amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the “
Indenture”), among Hilton Grand Vacations Borrower LLC, a Delaware limited 
liability company (the “Issuer”), Hilton Grand Vacations Borrower Inc., a 
Delaware corporation (the “Co-Issuer” and, together with the Issuer, the “
Issuers”), the Guarantors (as defined therein) from time to time party 
thereto and Wilmington Trust, National Association, a national banking 
association, as Trustee. Capitalized terms used but not defined herein 
shall have the meanings given to them in the Indenture.

                    (the “Transferor”) owns and proposes to transfer the 
Note[s] or interest in such Note[s] specified in Annex A hereto, in the 
principal amount of $        in such Note[s] or interests (the “Transfer
”), to (the “Transferee”), as further specified in Annex A hereto. In 
connection with the Transfer, the Transferor hereby certifies that:

[CHECK ALL THAT APPLY]

1. [    ] CHECK IF TRANSFEREE WILL TAKE DELIVERY OF A BENEFICIAL INTEREST 
IN THE RELEVANT 144A GLOBAL NOTE OR RELEVANT DEFINITIVE NOTE PURSUANT TO 
RULE 144A. The Transfer is being effected pursuant to and in accordance 
with Rule 144A under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended 
(the “Securities Act”), and, accordingly, the Transferor hereby further 
certifies that the beneficial interest or Definitive Note is being 
transferred to a Person that the Transferor reasonably believes is 
purchasing the beneficial interest or Definitive Note for its own account, 
or for one or more accounts with respect to which such Person exercises 
sole investment discretion, and such Person and each such account is a 
“qualified institutional buyer” within the meaning of Rule 144A in a 
transaction meeting the requirements of Rule 144A and such Transfer is in 
compliance with any applicable blue sky securities laws of any state of the 
United States.
 
B-1

------------------------------------------------------------------------
2. [    ] CHECK IF TRANSFEREE WILL TAKE DELIVERY OF A BENEFICIAL INTEREST 
IN THE RELEVANT REGULATION S GLOBAL NOTE OR RELEVANT DEFINITIVE NOTE 
PURSUANT TO REGULATION S. The Transfer is being effected pursuant to and in 
accordance with Rule 903 or Rule 904 under the Securities Act and, 
accordingly, the Transferor hereby further certifies that (i) the Transfer 
is not being made to a person in the United States and (x) at the time the 
buy order was originated, the Transferee was outside the United States or 
such Transferor and any Person acting on its behalf reasonably believed and 
believes that the Transferee was outside the United States or (y) the 
transaction was executed in, on or through the facilities of a designated 
offshore securities market and neither such Transferor nor any Person 
acting on its behalf knows that the transaction was prearranged with a 
buyer in the United States, (ii) no directed selling efforts have been made 
in contravention of the requirements of Rule 903(b) or Rule 904(b) of 
Regulation S, (iii) the transaction is not part of a plan or scheme to 
evade the registration requirements of the Securities Act and (iv) if the 
proposed transfer is being made prior to the expiration of the applicable 
Restricted Period, the transfer is not being made to a U.S. Person or for 
the account or benefit of a U.S. Person (other than an Initial Purchaser). 
Upon consummation of the proposed transfer in accordance with the terms of 
the Indenture, the transferred beneficial interest or Definitive Note will 
be subject to the restrictions on Transfer enumerated in the Indenture and 
the Securities Act.

3. [    ] CHECK AND COMPLETE IF TRANSFEREE WILL TAKE DELIVERY OF A 
BENEFICIAL INTEREST IN THE RELEVANT DEFINITIVE NOTE PURSUANT TO ANY 
PROVISION OF THE SECURITIES ACT OTHER THAN RULE 144A OR REGULATION S. The 
Transfer is being effected in compliance with the transfer restrictions 
applicable to beneficial interests in Restricted Global Notes and 
Restricted Definitive Notes and pursuant to and in accordance with the 
Securities Act and any applicable blue sky securities laws of any state of 
the United States, and accordingly the Transferor hereby further certifies 
that (check one):

(a) [    ] such Transfer is being effected pursuant to and in accordance 
with Rule 144 under the Securities Act; or

(b) [    ] such Transfer is being effected to the Issuer or a subsidiary 
thereof; or

(c) [    ] such Transfer is being effected pursuant to an effective 
registration statement under the Securities Act and in compliance with the 
prospectus delivery requirements of the Securities Act.

4. [    ] CHECK IF TRANSFEREE WILL TAKE DELIVERY OF A BENEFICIAL INTEREST 
IN AN UNRESTRICTED GLOBAL NOTE OR OF AN UNRESTRICTED DEFINITIVE NOTE.

(a) [    ] CHECK IF TRANSFER IS PURSUANT TO RULE 144. (i) The Transfer is 
being effected pursuant to and in accordance with Rule 144 under the 
Securities Act and in compliance with the transfer restrictions contained 
in the Indenture and any applicable blue sky securities laws of any state 
of the United States and (ii) the restrictions on transfer contained in the 
Indenture and the Private Placement Legend are not required in order to 
maintain compliance with the Securities Act. Upon consummation of the 
proposed Transfer in accordance with the terms of the Indenture, the 
transferred beneficial interest or Definitive Note will no longer be 
subject to the restrictions on transfer enumerated in the Private Placement 
Legend printed on the Restricted Global Notes, on Restricted Definitive 
Notes and in the Indenture.

(b) [    ] CHECK IF TRANSFER IS PURSUANT TO REGULATION S. (i) The Transfer 
is being effected pursuant to and in accordance with Rule 903 or Rule 904 
under the Securities Act and in compliance with the transfer restrictions 
contained in the Indenture and any applicable blue sky securities laws of 
any state of the United States and (ii) the restrictions on transfer 
contained in the Indenture and the Private Placement Legend are not 
required in order to maintain compliance with the Securities Act. Upon 
consummation of the proposed Transfer in accordance with the terms of the 
Indenture, the transferred beneficial interest or Definitive Note will no 
longer be subject to the restrictions on transfer enumerated in the Private 
Placement Legend printed on the Restricted Global Notes, on Restricted 
Definitive Notes and in the Indenture.

(c) [    ] CHECK IF TRANSFER IS PURSUANT TO OTHER EXEMPTION. (i) The 
Transfer is being effected pursuant to and in compliance with an exemption 
from the registration requirements of the Securities Act other than Rule 
144, Rule 903 or Rule 904 and in compliance with the transfer restrictions
 
B-2

------------------------------------------------------------------------
contained in the Indenture and any applicable blue sky securities laws of 
any State of the United States and (ii) the restrictions on transfer 
contained in the Indenture and the Private Placement Legend are not 
required in order to maintain compliance with the Securities Act. Upon 
consummation of the proposed Transfer in accordance with the terms of the 
Indenture, the transferred beneficial interest or Definitive Note will not 
be subject to the restrictions on transfer enumerated in the Private 
Placement Legend printed on the Restricted Global Notes or Restricted 
Definitive Notes and in the Indenture.
 
B-3

------------------------------------------------------------------------
This certificate and the statements contained herein are made for your 
benefit and the benefit of the Issuer.
 
  	 	  	 	  	 	  	[Insert Name of Transferor]
  	 	  	 	  	 	  	By: 	  	
 
  	 	  	 	  	 	  	 	  	Name:
  	 	  	 	  	 	  	 	  	Title:
Dated: 	  	
 
  	 	  	 	  	 	  	
 
B-4

------------------------------------------------------------------------
ANNEX A TO CERTIFICATE OF TRANSFER
 
  	1. 	The Transferor owns and proposes to transfer the following:
 
  	  	[CHECK ONE OF (a) OR (b)]
 
  	(a) 	[    ] a beneficial interest in the:
 
  	(i) 	[    ] 144A Global Note (CUSIP: [-],or
 
  	(ii) 	[    ] Regulation S Global Note (CUSIP: [-]),or
 
  	(b) 	[    ] a Restricted Definitive Note.
 
  	2. 	After the Transfer the Transferee will hold:
 
  	  	[CHECK ONE]
 
  	(a) 	[    ] a beneficial interest in the:
 
  	(i) 	[    ] 144A Global Note (CUSIP: [-]),or
 
  	(ii) 	[    ] Regulation S Global Note (CUSIP: [-]),or
 
  	(iii) 	[    ] Unrestricted Global Note (CUSIP: [-]), or
 
  	(b) 	[    ] a Restricted Definitive Note; or
 
  	(c) 	[    ] an Unrestricted Definitive Note, in accordance with the 
terms of the Indenture.
 
B-5

------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXHIBIT C

[FORM OF CERTIFICATE OF EXCHANGE]

Hilton Grand Vacations Borrower LLC
Hilton Grand Vacations Borrower Inc.
c/o Hilton Grand Vacations Borrower Inc.
5323 Millenia Lakes Boulevard, Suite 160
Orlando, FL 32839
Facsimile: 	   	(407) 722-3637
Attention: 	   	Charles R. Corbin, Jr., General Counsel

With a copy to:

Simpson Thacher & Bartlett LLP
425 Lexington Avenue
New York, NY 10017-3954
Facsimile: 	   	(212) 455-2502
Attention: 	   	Edward P. Tolley III

Wilmington Trust, National Association
Rodney Square North
1100 North Market Street
Wilmington, DE 19890
Facsimile: 	   	(302) 636-4145
Attention: 	   	Hilton Grand Vacations Borrower Administrator
 
  	Re: 	6.500% Senior Notes due 2024

Reference is hereby made to the Indenture, dated as of October 24, 2016 (as 
amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the “
Indenture”), among Hilton Grand Vacations Borrower LLC, a Delaware limited 
liability company (the “Issuer”), Hilton Grand Vacations Borrower Inc., a 
Delaware corporation (the “Co-Issuer” and, together with the Issuer, the “
Issuers”), the Guarantors (as defined therein) from time to time party 
thereto and Wilmington Trust, National Association, a national banking 
association, as Trustee. Capitalized terms used but not defined herein 
shall have the meanings given to them in the Indenture.

                    (the “Owner”) owns and proposes to exchange Note[s] or 
an interest in such Note[s], in the principal amount of $        in such 
Note[s] or interests (the “Exchange”). In connection with the Exchange, the 
Owner hereby certifies that:

1. EXCHANGE OF RESTRICTED DEFINITIVE NOTES OR BENEFICIAL INTERESTS IN A 
RESTRICTED GLOBAL NOTE FOR UNRESTRICTED DEFINITIVE NOTES OR BENEFICIAL 
INTERESTS IN AN UNRESTRICTED GLOBAL NOTE

(a) [    ] CHECK IF EXCHANGE IS FROM BENEFICIAL INTEREST IN A RESTRICTED 
GLOBAL NOTE TO BENEFICIAL INTEREST IN AN UNRESTRICTED GLOBAL NOTE. In 
connection with the Exchange of the Owner’s beneficial interest in a 
Restricted Global Note for a beneficial interest in an Unrestricted Global 
Note in an equal principal amount, the Owner hereby certifies (i) the 
beneficial interest is being acquired for the Owner’s own account without 
transfer, (ii) such Exchange has been effected in compliance with the 
transfer restrictions applicable to the Global Notes and pursuant to and in 
accordance with the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “
Securities Act”), (iii) the restrictions on transfer contained in the 
Indenture and the Private Placement Legend are not required in order to 
maintain compliance with the Securities Act and (iv) the beneficial 
interest in an Unrestricted Global Note is being acquired in compliance 
with any applicable blue sky securities laws of any state of the United 
States.
 
C-1

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(b) [    ] CHECK IF EXCHANGE IS FROM BENEFICIAL INTEREST IN A RESTRICTED 
GLOBAL NOTE TO UNRESTRICTED DEFINITIVE NOTE. In connection with the 
Exchange of the Owner’s beneficial interest in a Restricted Global Note for 
an Unrestricted Definitive Note, the Owner hereby certifies (i) the 
Definitive Note is being acquired for the Owner’s own account without 
transfer, (ii) such Exchange has been effected in compliance with the 
transfer restrictions applicable to the Restricted Global Notes and 
pursuant to and in accordance with the Securities Act, (iii) the 
restrictions on transfer contained in the Indenture and the Private 
Placement Legend are not required in order to maintain compliance with the 
Securities Act and (iv) the Definitive Note is being acquired in compliance 
with any applicable blue sky securities laws of any state of the United 
States.

(c) [    ] CHECK IF EXCHANGE IS FROM RESTRICTED DEFINITIVE NOTE TO 
BENEFICIAL INTEREST IN AN UNRESTRICTED GLOBAL NOTE. In connection with the 
Owner’s Exchange of a Restricted Definitive Note for a beneficial interest 
in an Unrestricted Global Note, the Owner hereby certifies (i) the 
beneficial interest is being acquired for the Owner’s own account without 
transfer, (ii) such Exchange has been effected in compliance with the 
transfer restrictions applicable to Restricted Definitive Notes and 
pursuant to and in accordance with the Securities Act, (iii) the 
restrictions on transfer contained in the Indenture and the Private 
Placement Legend are not required in order to maintain compliance with the 
Securities Act and (iv) the beneficial interest is being acquired in 
compliance with any applicable blue sky securities laws of any state of the 
United States.

(d) [    ] CHECK IF EXCHANGE IS FROM RESTRICTED DEFINITIVE NOTE TO 
UNRESTRICTED DEFINITIVE NOTE. In connection with the Owner’s Exchange of a 
Restricted Definitive Note for an Unrestricted Definitive Note, the Owner 
hereby certifies (i) the Unrestricted Definitive Note is being acquired for 
the Owner’s own account without transfer, (ii) such Exchange has been 
effected in compliance with the transfer restrictions applicable to 
Restricted Definitive Notes and pursuant to and in accordance with the 
Securities Act, (iii) the restrictions on transfer contained in the 
Indenture and the Private Placement Legend are not required in order to 
maintain compliance with the Securities Act and (iv) the Unrestricted 
Definitive Note is being acquired in compliance with any applicable blue 
sky securities laws of any state of the United States.

2. EXCHANGE OF RESTRICTED DEFINITIVE NOTES OR BENEFICIAL INTERESTS IN 
RESTRICTED GLOBAL NOTES FOR RESTRICTED DEFINITIVE NOTES OR BENEFICIAL 
INTERESTS IN RESTRICTED GLOBAL NOTES

(a) [    ] CHECK IF EXCHANGE IS FROM BENEFICIAL INTEREST IN A RESTRICTED 
GLOBAL NOTE TO RESTRICTED DEFINITIVE NOTE. In connection with the Exchange 
of the Owner’s beneficial interest in a Restricted Global Note for a 
Restricted Definitive Note with an equal principal amount, the Owner hereby 
certifies that the Restricted Definitive Note is being acquired for the 
Owner’s own account without transfer. Upon consummation of the proposed 
Exchange in accordance with the terms of the Indenture, the Restricted 
Definitive Note issued will continue to be subject to the restrictions on 
transfer enumerated in the Private Placement Legend printed on the 
Restricted Definitive Note and in the Indenture and the Securities Act.

(b) [    ] CHECK IF EXCHANGE IS FROM RESTRICTED DEFINITIVE NOTE TO 
BENEFICIAL INTEREST IN A RESTRICTED GLOBAL NOTE. In connection with the 
Exchange of the Owner’s Restricted Definitive Note for a beneficial 
interest in the [CHECK ONE] [    ] 144A Global Note [    ] Regulation S 
Global Note in each case, with an equal principal amount, the Owner hereby 
certifies (i) the beneficial interest is being acquired for the Owner’s own 
account without transfer and (ii) such Exchange has been effected in 
compliance with the transfer restrictions applicable to the Restricted 
Global Notes and pursuant to and in accordance with the Securities Act, and 
in compliance with any applicable blue sky securities laws of any state of 
the United States. Upon consummation of the proposed Exchange in accordance 
with the terms of the Indenture, the beneficial interest issued will be 
subject to the restrictions on transfer enumerated in the Private Placement 
Legend printed on the relevant Restricted Global Note and in the Indenture 
and the Securities Act.
 
C-2

------------------------------------------------------------------------
This certificate and the statements contained herein are made for your 
benefit and the benefit of the Issuer and are dated
 
  	 	  	 	  	 	  	[Insert Name of Transferor]
  	 	  	 	  	 	  	By: 	  	
 
  	 	  	 	  	 	  	 	  	Name:
  	 	  	 	  	 	  	 	  	Title:
Dated: 	  	
 
  	 	  	 	  	 	  	
 
C-3

------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXHIBIT D

[FORM OF SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE
TO BE DELIVERED BY SUBSEQUENT GUARANTORS]

Supplemental Indenture (this “Supplemental Indenture”), dated as of         
            , among                             (the “Guaranteeing 
Subsidiary”), a subsidiary of Hilton Grand Vacations Borrower LLC, a 
Delaware limited liability company (the “Issuer”), and Wilmington Trust, 
National Association, a national banking association, as trustee (the “
Trustee”).


W I T N E S S E T H

WHEREAS, the Issuer and Hilton Grand Vacations Borrower Inc., a Delaware 
corporation (the “Co-Issuer” and, together with the Issuer, the “Issuers”) 
have heretofore executed and delivered to the Trustee an Indenture, dated 
as of October 24, 2016 (as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified, the 
“Indenture”) providing for the issuance of an unlimited aggregate principal 
amount of 6.500% Senior Notes due 2024 (the “Notes”);

WHEREAS, the Indenture provides that under certain circumstances the 
Guaranteeing Subsidiary shall execute and deliver to the Trustee a 
supplemental indenture pursuant to which the Guaranteeing Subsidiary shall 
unconditionally guarantee all of the Issuers’ Obligations under the Notes 
and the Indenture on the terms and conditions set forth herein and under 
the Indenture (the “Guarantee”); and

WHEREAS, pursuant to Section 9.01 of the Indenture, the Trustee is 
authorized to execute and deliver this Supplemental Indenture without the 
consent of the Holders.

NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing and for other good and 
valuable consideration, the receipt of which is hereby acknowledged, the 
parties mutually covenant and agree for the equal and ratable benefit of 
the Holders as follows:

(1) Capitalized Terms. Capitalized terms used herein without definition 
shall have the meanings assigned to them in the Indenture.

(2) Agreement to Guarantee. The Guaranteeing Subsidiary acknowledges that 
it has received and reviewed a copy of the Indenture and all other 
documents it deems necessary to review in order to enter into this 
Supplemental Indenture, and acknowledges and agrees to (i) join and become 
a party to the Indenture as indicated by its signature below; (ii) be bound 
by the Indenture, as of the date hereof, as if made by, and with respect 
to, each signatory hereto; and (iii) perform all obligations and duties 
required of a Guarantor pursuant to the Indenture. The Guaranteeing 
Subsidiary hereby agrees to provide an unconditional Guarantee on the terms 
and subject to the conditions set forth in the Indenture, including, but 
not limited to, Article 10 thereof.

(3) Notices. All notices or other communications to the Guaranteeing 
Subsidiary shall be given as provided in Section 12.02 of the Indenture.

(4) Execution and Delivery. The Guaranteeing Subsidiary agrees that the 
Guarantee shall remain in full force and effect notwithstanding the absence 
of the endorsement of any notation of such Guarantee on the Notes.

(5) Ratification of Indenture; Supplemental Indentures Part of Indenture. 
Except as expressly amended hereby, the Indenture is in all respects 
ratified and confirmed and all the terms, conditions and provisions thereof 
shall remain in full force and effect. This Supplemental Indenture shall 
form a part of the Indenture for all purposes, and every holder of Notes 
heretofore or hereafter authenticated and delivered shall be bound hereby.

(6) No Recourse Against Others. No past, present or future director, 
officer, employee, incorporator, or direct or indirect member, partner or 
stockholder of any Parent Company of the Issuer or any Guaranteeing 
Subsidiary shall have any liability for any obligations of the Issuers or 
the Guarantors, including the Guaranteeing Subsidiary (other than in their 
capacity as Issuer or Guarantor), under the Notes, any Guarantees, the 
Indenture or this
 
E-1

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Supplemental Indenture or for any claim based on, in respect of, or by 
reason of, such obligations or their creation. Each Holder by accepting 
Notes waives and releases all such liability. The waiver and release are 
part of the consideration for issuance of the Notes.

(7) Governing Law. THIS SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE, AND ANY CLAIM, CONTROVERSY 
OR DISPUTE ARISING UNDER OR RELATED TO THIS SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE, WILL BE 
GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW 
YORK.

(8) Counterparts. The parties may sign any number of copies of this 
Supplemental Indenture. Each signed copy shall be an original, but all of 
them together represent the same agreement. This Supplemental Indenture may 
be executed in multiple counterparts which, when taken together, shall 
constitute one instrument. The exchange of copies of this Supplemental 
Indenture and of signature pages by facsimile or PDF transmissions shall 
constitute effective execution and delivery of this Supplemental Indenture 
as to the parties hereto and may be used in lieu of the original 
Supplemental Indenture for all purposes. Signatures of the parties hereto 
transmitted by facsimile or PDF shall be deemed to be their original 
signatures for all purposes.

(9) Effect of Headings. The Section headings herein are for convenience 
only and shall not affect the construction hereof.

(10) The Trustee. The Trustee shall not be responsible in any manner 
whatsoever for or in respect of the validity or sufficiency of this 
Supplemental Indenture or for or in respect of the recitals contained 
herein, all of which recitals are made solely by the Guaranteeing 
Subsidiary.

(11) Benefits Acknowledged. The Guaranteeing Subsidiary’s Guarantee is 
subject to the terms and conditions set forth in the Indenture. The 
Guaranteeing Subsidiary acknowledges that it will receive direct and 
indirect benefits from the financing arrangements contemplated by the 
Indenture and this Supplemental Indenture and that the guarantee and 
waivers made by it pursuant to this Guarantee are knowingly made in 
contemplation of such benefits.

(12) Successors. All agreements of the Guaranteeing Subsidiary in this 
Supplemental Indenture shall bind its Successors, except as otherwise 
provided in this Supplemental Indenture. All agreements of the Trustee in 
this Supplemental Indenture shall bind its successors.

[Signatures on following page]
 
E-2

------------------------------------------------------------------------
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Supplemental 
Indenture to be duly executed, all as of the date first above written.
 
[GUARANTEEING SUBSIDIARY]
By: 	  	
 
  	Name:
  	Title:
WILMINGTON TRUST, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as Trustee
By: 	  	
 
  	Name:
  	Title:
 
E-3