 EX-10.1 2 golf-20170331ex10166519d.htm EX-10.1
Exhibit 10.1

April 18, 2017

Mr. Joseph Nauman
 

Dear Joe,

This letter agreement (the “Letter Agreement”) confirms our understanding 
of your role going forward with Acushnet Holdings Corp. (“Holdings”) and 
its subsidiaries (collectively, the “Company”) and the payments and 
benefits that may be payable to you when your service with the Company 
ends.

The terms of your continued service with the Company following the date 
hereof (the “Effective Date”) are summarized below:

    1.    Employment Position; Term:  You and the Company mutually agree
    that your employment with the Company will end on December 31, 2017
    (the “End Date”), or such earlier date pursuant to Section 8 (such
    actual period of employment, the “Employment Term”).  During the
    Employment Term, you shall continue to serve as the Company’s Executive
    Vice President, Chief Legal Officer and Administrative Officer
    (collectively, your “Title”) and, except as provided in this Letter
    Agreement, you will continue to receive and maintain the same salary,
    office, support staff and other benefits of employment as are currently
    in effect (the “Benefits”).  The Company may appoint a new General
    Counsel at any time during the Employment Term; provided that such
    appointment shall have no effect on your Title or Benefits.

    During the Employment Term, you agree to render services to the Company
    on a full- time basis and to devote your full business time and energy
    to the performance of your duties and the business and affairs of the
    Company and any affiliate of the Company.

    2.    Senior Advisor:  Subject to your continued employment with the
    Company through the End Date, on January 1, 2018 you shall become an
    independent contractor and serve as senior advisor to the Company (“
    Senior Advisor”).  To the extent your employment with the Company ends
    prior to the End Date, no services as Senior Advisor will be provided.
    Your period of service as Senior Advisor (if any) shall end on March
    15, 2019 (the “Consulting End Date”), or such earlier date pursuant to
    Section 10 (such actual period of service, the “Consulting Term”).

------------------------------------------------------------------------

 

    As Senior Advisor, you will be expected to provide services to the
    Company, including IP enforcement support, assistance in maintaining
    regulatory relationships and such other services as mutually agreed
    between you and the Company from time to time (collectively, the “
    Mutually Agreed Upon Services”).  You agree to render the Mutually
    Agreed Upon Services as an independent contractor on an “as requested”
    basis and to devote sufficient business time and energy to the
    performance of the Mutually Agreed Upon Services as may be necessary to
    fulfill your obligations to the Company; provided that you and the
    Company acknowledge and agree that, in performing the Mutually Agreed
    Upon Services, you shall only take direction from the Company’s Chief
    Executive Officer (or the Chief Executive Officer’s designee), and that
    such Mutually Agreed Upon Services will represent no more than 15% of
    the average level of services that you performed for the Company during
    the 36 month period preceding the Consulting Term.  For the avoidance
    of doubt, you shall not be entitled to any compensation or benefits in
    respect of your service as Senior Advisor other than the Equity
    Treatment (as defined below).

    3.    Corporate Secretary; Board Service: You and the Company
    acknowledge and agree that the Company (i) appointed a new Corporate
    Secretary to replace you in that role on or about March 24, 2017; and
    (ii) will immediately commence actions to replace you on the boards of
    directors and/or committees of the subsidiaries of Holdings, including,
    without limitation, Acushnet Company.  Notwithstanding the foregoing,
    the cessation of your employment for any reason, shall, with no further
    action by you or the Company, constitute your resignation, as of such
    date, from all positions as an officer, director, or representative of
    Holdings and any of its subsidiaries and affiliates.

    4.    Base Compensation: During the Employment Term, you will receive
    monthly base salary compensation of $40,750 (the “Base Compensation”),
    which shall be pro-rated for any partial months.

    5.    Bonus:  Except as provided in Section 9 below, no cash bonus or
    other incentive compensation will be payable with respect to calendar
    year 2017.

    6.    Employee Benefits: During the Employment Term, you will be
    eligible to participate in the Company’s health and welfare plans and
    other employee benefit plans and programs, in effect from time to time,
    as determined by the Company.  For the avoidance of doubt, except as
    provided in Sections 9(ii)(d) and 9(iii)(f) below, you will not be
    eligible to participate in the Company’s employee benefit plans and
    programs during the Consulting Term.  In the event that the independent
    contractor arrangement during the Consulting Term is reclassified as an
    employment relationship by any governmental agency or court, you
    acknowledge and agree that you will not seek to participate in or
    benefit from any of the employee benefit plans or programs of the
    Company or its affiliates as a result of such reclassification.

    7.    Equity Treatment:  Subject to (i) your continued service as
    Senior Advisor through each applicable vesting date or, prior to an
    applicable vesting date, the occurrence of a Qualifying Termination and
    (ii) satisfaction of the Conditions, the Company agrees to treat your
    outstanding equity awards as follows (the “Equity Treatment”):

           (a)       With respect to your 26,226 Company restrictive stock
           units (the “RSUs”) that are eligible to vest on each of January
           1, 2018 and January 1, 2019

------------------------------------------------------------------------

 

           (each, an “RSU Vesting Date”), the RSUs will vest on the
           applicable RSU Vesting Date and settle within 60 days following
           the applicable RSU Vesting Date. The RSUs shall remain subject
           to the terms and conditions of the applicable award agreement
           (as modified by this Letter Agreement).

           (b)       With respect to your 78,678 Company performance stock
           units (the “PSUs”) that are eligible to vest on December 31,
           2018 (the “PSU Vesting Date”), the PSUs will vest on December
           31, 2018 (based on the performance metrics and adjustment
           schedule set forth in the applicable award agreement) and settle
           within two and a half months following the PSU Vesting Date. 
           The PSUs shall remain subject to the terms and conditions of the
           applicable award agreement (as modified by this Letter
           Agreement).

           (c)        If a Change in Control (as defined in the Acushnet
           Holdings Corp. 2015 Omnibus Incentive Plan (the “Plan”)) occurs,
           the RSUs and PSUs, to the extent not then vested, shall fully
           vest and settle as of the date of such Change in Control (with
           the PSUs vesting at target).

           (d)       For purposes of this Letter Agreement, a “Qualifying
           Termination” means (A) a termination of your employment on the
           End Date or pursuant to Section 8(iii) and (B) a termination of
           your services as Senior Advisor pursuant to Section 10(iii).

           (e)       For purposes of this Letter Agreement, satisfaction of
           the “Conditions” means (1) your execution and non-revocation of
           general releases of claims in the form attached hereto as
           Exhibit A (the “Release”) (A) on the End Date or, if earlier,
           upon the termination of the Employment Term (such Release,  the 
           “First  Release”); and (B) on December 31, 2018 (such Release,
           the “Second Release”), each in accordance with Section 13 and
           (2) your continued material compliance with the Sections 17, 18
           and 19 of this Agreement. If you refuse to execute (or revoke)
           the First Release or Second Release or if you are in material
           breach of Sections 17, 18 or 19 of this Agreement, the RSUs and
           PSUs shall be immediately forfeited.

    8.    Cessation of Employment Prior to the End Date: Your employment
    with the Company is “at will.” The Employment Term shall end prior to
    the End Date under any of the following conditions:

       (i)       Your death, or disability (as defined in the Plan);

           (ii)       By the Company for Cause.  Upon receipt by you of a 
           Notice  of Termination (defined in Section 12(i)) from the
           Company that the Employment Term is being terminated for
           “Cause.”  For purposes of this Letter Agreement, and subject to
           Section 8(v), “Cause” shall mean only the   following:

                (a) your willful neglect or refusal to perform your
                material duties; provided, however, that same shall not
                constitute cause unless you are first provided a detailed
                written notice of alleged Cause and an

------------------------------------------------------------------------

 

                opportunity to cure.   The written notice shall detail the
                material duties that the Company asserts you are neglecting
                or refusing to perform and shall include specific facts
                upon which the Company bases such assertion.  The cure
                period shall be thirty (30) days and the final Notice of
                Termination shall include a detailed explanation of the
                reasons why the Company determined that you failed to cure.

                (b) your engagement in conduct in connection with your
                employment with the Company which results in or could
                reasonably be expected to result in, material harm to the
                business or reputation of the Company;

                (c) your conviction of, or entry of a guilty or no contest
                plea to (1) the commission of a felony or (2) any other
                crime that results in, or could reasonably be expected to
                result in, material harm to the business or reputation of
                the Company;

                (d) your material violation of (1) the material written
                policies of the Company; provided that such policies have
                been provided or made available to you, or (2) Sections 17,
                18 or 19 of this Letter Agreement;

                (e) your engagement in fraud or misappropriation,
                embezzlement or misuse of funds or property belonging to
                the Company or any of its subsidiaries; or

                (f) act  of personal dishonesty that involves personal
                profit in connection with your employment  to the Company.

           (iii)      By the Company without Cause.  Upon receipt by you of
           a Notice of Termination from the Company that the Employment
           Term is being terminated other than for Cause; or

           (iv)       Your Voluntary Resignation.  Upon receipt by the
           Company of a Notice of Termination from you that you are
           resigning.

           (v)       Cause Termination Procedure.  As a condition precedent
           to the Company issuing a Notice of Termination for Cause, the
           Company’s determination that Cause has occurred must be made in
           good faith and must only be made by, and if, both the Chief
           Executive Officer and Chief Human Resources Officer of Holdings
           agree that Cause exists.  While this process is required, it has
           no effect upon, nor does it in any way restrict, your legal
           right to file a lawsuit against the Company to challenge the
           Company’s Notice of Termination and, in such event, the Company
           shall have the burden of proving both that (1) it complied with
           the condition precedent set forth in this Section and that (2)
           Cause existed under Section 8(ii).

------------------------------------------------------------------------

 

  9.    Compensation Following the Employment Term:

           (i)        If the Employment Term terminates pursuant to Section
           8(i) (Death or Disability), (ii) (For Cause), or (iv) (Voluntary
           Resignation) of this Letter Agreement, you shall receive:

                (a) Base Compensation accrued but unpaid through the Date
                of Termination;

                (b) your accrued, unused vacation and sick leave through
                the Date of Termination; and

                (c) your accrued and vested benefits under any
                tax-qualified employee benefit plan of the Company through
                the Date of Termination (the amounts in clauses (a) through
                (c), the “Accrued Obligations”).

                (d) For the avoidance of doubt, all of RSUs and PSUs
                unvested as of the Date of Termination shall be immediately
                forfeited as of the Date of Termination.

           (ii)       If your employment ends on the End Date, you shall
           receive:

                (a) the Accrued Obligations;

                (b) an amount equal to 18 months of Base Compensation,
                payable in equal installments over the 18-month period
                immediately following the End Date in accordance with the
                Company’s regular payroll practices;

                (c) an amount equal to the greater of (x) your target
                annual bonus for2017 and (y) the annual bonus payable to
                you in respect of calendar year 2017 had you continued
                employment through the bonus payment date (based on
                performance metrics consistently applied to similarly
                situated  senior  executives), payable  in  accordance with
                 the Company’s regular payroll practices by no later than
                March 15, 2018;

                (d) “Benefit Coverage” for a period of 18 months consistent
                with the Acushnet Executive Severance Plan; and

                (e) the Equity Treatment.

           Notwithstanding the foregoing, your entitlement to the payments
           and benefits set forth in Section 9(ii)(b-e) is conditioned upon
           your satisfaction of the Conditions.

           (iii)      If your employment terminates prior to the End Date
           pursuant to Section 8(iii)(Without Cause) of this Letter
           Agreement, you shall receive:

------------------------------------------------------------------------

 

                (a) the Accrued Obligations;

                (b) an amount equal to the Base Compensation that would
                have been paid from the Date of Termination through the End
                Date had your employment not been terminated, payable in a
                lump sum within 30 days of the Date of Termination;

                (c) a cash amount equal to the value of the vacation and
                sick leave you would have accrued from the Date of
                Termination through the End Date had your employment not
                been terminated, payable in a lump sum within 30 days of
                the Date of Termination;

                (d) an amount equal to 18 months of Base Compensation,
                payable in equal installments over the 18-month period
                immediately following the End Date in accordance with the
                Company’s regular payroll practices;

                (e) an amount equal to the greater of (x) your target
                annual bonus for

                (f) 2017 and (y) the annual bonus payable to you in respect
                of calendar year 2017 had you continued employment through
                the bonus payment date (based on performance metrics
                consistently applied to similarly situated  senior 
                executives), payable  in  accordance with  the Company’s
                regular payroll practices by no later than March 15, 2018.

                (g) “Benefit Coverage” for a period of 18 months consistent
                with the

                (h) Acushnet Executive Severance Plan; and

                (i)  the Equity Treatment.

           Notwithstanding the foregoing, your entitlement to the payments
           and benefits set forth in Section 9(iii)(b-g) is conditioned
           upon your satisfaction of the Conditions.

    10.  Cessation of the Consulting Services Prior to the Consulting End
    Date: If  your employment ends on the End Date, the Consulting Term
    shall commence on January 1, 2018 and shall end on the Consulting End
    Date; provided, however, that the Consulting Term shall end earlier
    under any of the following conditions:

           (i)    Your death;

           (ii)       Upon receipt by you of a Notice of Termination from
           the Company that the  Consulting Term is being terminated due
           to:  (1)  your material violation of Sections 17, 18 or 19 of
           this Letter Agreement; or (2) your willful refusal to perform
           the Mutually Agreed Upon Services (as defined in Section 2);
           provided, however, that your willful refusal to perform the
           Mutually Agreed Upon Services shall not constitute cause unless
           you are first provided a detailed written notice of alleged
           cause and an  opportunity to cure.  The written notice shall
           detail the Mutually Agreed Upon Services

------------------------------------------------------------------------

 

           you are being accused of refusing to perform and shall include
           specific facts upon which the Company bases such assertion.  The
           cure period shall be thirty (30) days and the final Notice of
           Termination shall include a detailed explanation of the reasons
           why the Company determined that you failed to cure.

           (iii)      Upon receipt by you of a Notice of Termination from
           the Company that the Consulting Term is being terminated other
           than the reasons set forth in Section 10(ii) above; or

           (iv)      Upon receipt by the Company of a Notice of Termination
           from you that you are terminating the Consulting Term.

    11.  Compensation Following the  Consulting Term: You shall not be
    entitled to any compensation or benefits at the end of the Consulting
    Term;  provided, that if the Company terminates the Consulting Term
    pursuant to Section 10(iii), you shall remain entitled to the Equity
    Treatment, subject to satisfaction of the Conditions. If the Consulting
    Term ends for any reason other than pursuant to Section 10(iii), all of
    your then-unvested RSUs and PSUs shall be immediately forfeited. For
    the avoidance of doubt, the termination of the Consulting Term shall
    not affect your entitlement to the payments pursuant to Section 9, if
    any.

  12.  Notice of Termination:

           (i)        Any  termination  (other  than  by  expiration  of 
           the  relevant  period)  of  the Employment Term or Consulting
           Term by you or the Company shall be communicated by Notice of
           Termination to the other party hereto given in accordance with
           Section 22.  For purposes of this Agreement, a “Notice of
           Termination” means a written notice which (a) indicates the
           specific termination provision in this Agreement relied upon,
           (b) to the extent applicable, sets forth in reasonable detail
           the facts and circumstances claimed to provide a basis for
           termination of your employment or services under the provision
           so indicated, and (c) specifies the Date of Termination.

           (ii)       “Date of Termination” means the date set forth in the
           Notice of Termination, provided, however, that in the event of
           termination  pursuant to Sections 8(iii) or (iv) or 10(iii) or
           (iv), the terminating party shall provide 30 days’ notice;
           provided, further, that in connection with a termination
           pursuant to Section 8(iv) or 10(iv), the Company may, in its
           sole discretion, waive any notice period and designate an
           earlier Date of Termination.

    13.  Execution of Release: You have through the twenty-first (21st) day
    following (x) the End Date or, if earlier, the termination of the
    Employment Term, to review and consider the First Release and (y)
    December 31, 2018 to review and consider the Second Release (each such 
    twenty-one day period, a  “Review Period”).  The  Releases may not be
    executed prior to the End Date, December 31, 2018 or the Date of
    Termination, as applicable. The applicable Release will not become
    effective or enforceable for a period of seven (7) calendar days
    following the date of its execution (each such seven day

------------------------------------------------------------------------

 

    period, a “Revocation Period”), during which time you may revoke the
    Release by notifying Dennis Doherty, Executive Vice President, Chief
    Human Resources Officer, in writing.  To be effective, such revocation
    must be received by the Company no later than 5:00 p.m. on the seventh
    (7th) calendar day following its execution.  In the event of your
    failure to execute and deliver the Release prior to the expiration of
    the applicable Review Period, or your revocation of the Release during
    the applicable Revocation Period, the Company will have no obligation
    to make the payments or provide the benefits set forth in Section 9(ii)
    (other than the Accrued Obligations) or provide the Equity Treatment.

    14.  Expenses: In addition to the compensation provided herein, the
    Company will reimburse you for reasonable business related expenses
    incurred in good faith in the performance of your duties for the
    Company. Such payments shall be made by the Company in accordance with
    its normal policies for senior executives of  the Company and
    independent contractors of the Company.

    16.  Independent Contractor Status.  It is the intention of the parties
    to establish, immediately upon commencement of the Consulting Term (if
    any), an independent contractor relationship and not an
    employer-employee relationship, partnership, or joint venture.
    Following the End Date, you shall not be deemed employed by the Company
    for any purpose.  Unless otherwise specifically agreed upon in writing,
    following the End Date you shall not have any authority to act as the
    Company’s agent for any purposes, or to otherwise incur any liability
    or obligation in the name or on behalf of the Company.

    17.  Confidentiality: You agree, during the Employment Term and
    thereafter, to hold in strictest confidence, and not to use or to
    disclose to any individual or entity, without the prior written
    authorization of the Company, any Confidential Information. “
    Confidential Information” means any of the Company’s confidential or
    proprietary information, technical data, trade secrets or know-how,
    including, but not limited to, research, product plans, products,
    services, forecasts, customer lists, investor lists, business
    opportunities, markets, software, developments, inventions, processes,
    formulas, technology, designs, drawings, engineering, hardware
    configuration information, marketing, finances, or other confidential
    Company information. Confidential Information may be in any medium or
    form, including without limitation, physical documents, computer files
    or discs, videotapes, audiotapes or oral communications.
    Notwithstanding the foregoing, you may disclose Confidential
    Information to the extent such disclosure is required by law or
    regulation or by any court, regulatory authority or self-regulatory
    organization having jurisdiction over you; provided, that prior to
    making any disclosure required by law, regulation, court, regulatory
    authority or self-regulatory organization, you will notify the Company
    of such disclosure. The term Confidential Information shall not include
    information which (i) is in the public domain other than as a result of
    a disclosure you or your representatives or (ii) is lawfully disclosed
    to you by a third-party without restriction on disclosure.

    Nothing in this Letter Agreement, including but not limited to the
    Release, Section 17 and Section 19, shall prohibit or impede you from
    communicating, cooperating or filing a complaint with any U.S. federal,
    state or local governmental or law enforcement branch, agency or entity
    (collectively, a “Governmental Entity”) with respect to possible
    violations of any U.S. federal, state or local law or regulation, or
    otherwise making disclosures to any Governmental Entity, in each case,
    that are protected under the whistleblower provisions of any such law
    or regulation, provided that in each case such

------------------------------------------------------------------------

 

    communications and disclosures are consistent with applicable law. You
    understand and acknowledge that an individual shall not be held
    criminally or civilly liable under any federal or state trade secret
    law for the disclosure of a trade secret that is made (i) in confidence
    to a federal, state, or local government official or to an attorney
    solely for the purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected
    violation of law, or (ii) in a complaint or other document filed in a
    lawsuit or other proceeding, if such filing is made under seal. You
    understand and acknowledge further that an individual who files a
    lawsuit for retaliation by an employer for reporting a suspected
    violation of law may disclose the trade secret to the attorney of the
    individual and use the trade secret information in the court
    proceeding, if the individual files any document containing the trade
    secret under seal; and does not disclose the trade secret, except
    pursuant to court order. For purposes of this Agreement and attached
    Release, each of the foregoing communications or disclosures is a
    “Protected Disclosure.” You do not need to give prior notice to (or get
    authorization from) the Company regarding any Protected Disclosure.
    Except as otherwise provided in this paragraph or under applicable law,
    notwithstanding the foregoing, under no circumstance will you be
    authorized to disclose any information covered by attorney-client
    privilege or attorney work product of any member of the Company, or the
    Company’s trade secrets, without prior written consent of the Company’s
    Chief Executive Officer or other officer designated by the Company.

  18.  Non-Competition and Non-Solicitation:

           (i)        From  the  Effective  Date  through  March  15,  2019
            (the  “Restricted Period”), you shall not, directly or
           indirectly engage in or become competitively employed or
           retained by, or render any competing services for, or be
           financially interested in, any firm or corporation engaged in
           any business which is directly competitive with any significant
           business in which the Company or any of its affiliates was
           engaged in during the two year period prior to the Date of
           Termination, including but not limited to any significant
           business in which, during such two-year period, you were
           involved in the Company’s or any affiliate’s planning to enter
           such business; provided, that such restrictions shall not apply
           to (a) your purchase of stock not to exceed 5% of the
           outstanding shares of capital stock or any corporation whose
           securities are listed on any national securities exchange or (b)
           your employment by a non-competitive subsidiary or
           non-competitive affiliated entity of a competitor of the Company
           or any affiliate upon written consent of the Company, which
           consent shall not be unreasonably withheld.   In the event of a
           material breach of this Section 18(i) following the Date of
           Termination, the RSUs and PSUs shall be immediately forfeited,
           and such forfeiture shall be the Company’s sole remedy.

           (ii)       During the Restricted Period, you will not, directly
           or indirectly, (a) solicit business or cause others to solicit
           business that competes with the

------------------------------------------------------------------------

 

           Company’s or any affiliate’s line of products from any entities
           which have been customers of the Company prior to the Date of
           Termination or which were targeted as potential customers prior
           to the Date of Termination, (b) induce or attempt to induce any
           customer, supplier, licensee or other business relation of the
           Company to cease doing business with the Company, or in any way
           interfere with the relationship between any such customer,
           supplier, licensee or business relation and the Company or (c)
           induce or attempt to induce any employee of the Company to leave
           the employ of the Company, or in any way interfere with the
           relationship between the Company and any employee thereof.

    19.  Non-Disparagement: During the Employment Term and through March
    15, 2020, you agree that you will make no disparaging or defamatory 
    comments in any respect regarding the Company, its products or services
    , or its directors and officers. Similarly, the directors and officers
    of Company will not make disparaging or defamatory comments in any
    respect about you. For purposes of this Letter Agreement, a disparaging
    or defamatory comment is any communication which, if publicized, would
    cause or tend to cause the recipient of the communication to question
    the business condition, integrity, competence, good character or
    product quality of the person or entity to whom the communication
    relates.

    20.  Remedies:  If you materially breach Section 17, 18 or 19 of this
    Letter Agreement, the Company shall have the right to cease all
    payments to you under Section 9 (ii) or (iii) and the RSUs and PSUs
    shall be immediately forfeited, and, except as expressly set forth in
    Section 18(i) of this Letter Agreement, the Company shall have any
    other rights and remedies available to the Company under law or in
    equity and damages available, including to specific performance thereof
    and to temporary and permanent injunctive relief (without the necessity
    of posting a bond) to restrain the violation of such obligations.

    21.  Tax Withholding: During the Employment Term, the Company shall be
    entitled to withhold from the payment of any compensation and provision
    of any benefit under this Letter Agreement such amounts as may be
    required by applicable law, including without limitation for purposes
    of the payment of payroll and income taxes.

    22.  Notices: Any notice, demand or other communication required or
    permitted under this Letter Agreement shall be effective only if it is
    in writing and delivered personally or sent by registered or certified
    mail, return receipt requested, addressed as follows:

    If to the Company:
    Acushnet Company
    333 Bridge Street
    Fairhaven, MA 02719
    Attention: Chief Human Resources Officer

------------------------------------------------------------------------

 

    with a copy to:

    Simpson Thacher & Bartlett LLP
    425 Lexington Avenue
    New York, NY 10017
    Attention: Andrew Blau

    If to Joseph Nauman:

    At the address most recently on file with the Company.

    23.  Section 409A: To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law,
    amounts payable to you  pursuant to  this  Letter Agreement shall  be
    made in reliance upon  Treas. Reg. Section 1.409A-1(b)(9) (Separation
    Pay  Plans) or Treas. Reg. Section 1.409A-1(b)(4) (Short-Term
    Deferrals) and, to the extent such exemptions are not available,
    payments or benefits provider pursuant to this Letter Agreement are
    intended to comply with Section 409A of the Code.  This Letter
    Agreement is intended to be written, administered, interpreted and
    construed in a manner such that no payment or benefits provided under
    the Agreement become subject to (a) the gross income inclusion set
    forth within Code Section 409A(a)(1)(A) or (b) the interest and
    additional tax set forth within Code Section 409A(a)(1)(B) (together,
    referred to herein as the  “Section 409A Penalties”), including, where
    appropriate, the construction of defined terms to have meanings that 
    would not cause the imposition of Section 409A Penalties. 
    Notwithstanding the foregoing, in no event shall the Company be
    required to provide a tax gross-up payment to you or otherwise
    reimburse Executive with respect to Section 409A Penalties.  For
    purposes of Section 409A of the Code (including, without limitation,
    for purposes of Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-2(b)(2)(iii)),  each
    payment that you may be eligible to receive under this Letter Agreement
    shall be treated as a separate and distinct payment. If you are a
    “specified employee” (as determined in accordance with Section
    409A(a)(2)(B)(i) of the Code and Treasury Regulation Section
    1.409A-1(i)) at the completion of the Employment Term, any payments
    that constitute nonqualified deferred compensation shall be delayed to
    the extent necessary to avoid a prohibited distribution under Section
    409A(2)(B)(i) of the Code, and such amount shall be distributed to you
    on the earlier of (1) the expiration of the six-month period measured
    from the Date of Termination, (2) the date of your death, or (3) such
    earlier date as is permitted under Section 409A and the Treasury
    Regulations thereunder.  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in
    this Letter Agreement, in-kind benefits and reimbursements provided
    under this Letter Agreement during any of your tax years shall not
    affect in-kind benefits or reimbursements to be provided in any other
    of your tax years and are not subject to liquidation or exchange for
    another benefit. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this
    Letter Agreement, reimbursement requests must be timely submitted by
    you and, if timely submitted, reimbursement payments shall be made to
    you as soon as administratively practicable following such submission,
    but in no event later than the last day of your taxable year following
    the taxable year in which the expense was incurred.  In no event shall
    you be entitled to any reimbursement payments after the last day  of 
    your  taxable  year  following  the  taxable  year  in  which  the 
    expense  was incurred. This section shall only apply to in-kind
    benefits and reimbursements that would result in taxable compensation
    income to you.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

 

    24.  Amendment; Waiver:  No provision of this Letter Agreement may be
    waived or amended except in a written instrument signed, in the case of
    an amendment, by the Company and you or, in the case of a waiver, by
    the party against whom enforcement of any such waiver is sought.  No
    waiver of any breach with respect to any provision, condition or
    requirement of this Letter Agreement shall be deemed to be a continuing
    waiver in the future or a waiver of any subsequent breach or a waiver
    of any other provision, condition or requirement hereof, nor shall any
    delay or omission of either party to exercise any right hereunder in
    any manner impair the exercise of any such right.

    25.  Severability:  If any provision of this Letter Agreement is held
    to be invalid or unenforceable in any respect, the validity and
    enforceability of the remaining terms and provisions of this Letter
    Agreement shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby and the
    parties will attempt to agree upon a valid and enforceable provision
    that is a reasonable substitute therefor, and upon so agreeing, shall
    incorporate such substitute provision in this Letter Agreement.

    26.  Entire Agreement:    This Letter Agreement contains the entire
    understanding and agreement of the parties, and supersedes any and all
    other prior and/or contemporaneous understandings and agreements,
    either oral or in writing, between the parties hereto with respect to
    the subject matter hereof, all of which are merged herein. You
    acknowledge and agree that this Letter Agreement supersedes your
    entitlement to any payments or benefits under the Acushnet Executive
    Severance Plan.

    27.  Other Conditions:    This Letter Agreement shall be interpreted
    and governed in accordance with the laws of the Commonwealth of
    Massachusetts without reference to rules relating to conflicts of law. 
    All claims and disputes concerning this Letter Agreement must be filed
    and adjudicated in state or federal courts located in the Commonwealth
    of Massachusetts, and such courts shall be the sole and exclusive venue
    for the adjudication of all disputes and claims.  This Letter Agreement
    may be executed in counterparts, each of which shall be an original,
    with the same effect as if the signatures thereto and hereto were upon
    the same instrument.

[Remainder of page intentionally left blank]

------------------------------------------------------------------------

 

Please acknowledge your agreement to the terms and conditions of this 
Letter Agreement, which will govern your continued service with the 
Company, by signing and dating this letter on the space provided below and 
hand delivering or emailing a PDF back to me at 
Dennis_Doherty@AcushnetGolf.com at your earliest convenience.

Sincerely,

/s/ Dennis Doherty

Dennis Doherty
 
Executive Vice President, Chief Human Resources Officer
 
 
 
 
 
ACCEPTED AND AGREED:
 
 
 
/s/ Joseph Nauman
 
Joseph Nauman
 
 
 
Date:
April 20, 2017
 
 

------------------------------------------------------------------------

 

EXHIBIT A RELEASE
OF CLAIMS

As used in this agreement (the “Release of Claims”), the term “claims” will 
include all claims, covenants, warranties, promises, undertakings, actions, 
suits, causes of action, obligations, debts, accounts, attorneys’ fees, 
judgments, losses and liabilities, of whatsoever kind or nature, in law, 
equity or otherwise. Capitalized terms not otherwise defined herein shall 
have the meaning set forth in the Letter Agreement, delivered to me April 
18, 2017, and to which this Release of Claims is attached as an Exhibit 
(the “Separation Agreement”).

For and in consideration of the consideration provided in Sections 7 and 9 
of the Separation Agreement (collectively, the “Consideration”) and other 
good and valuable consideration, I, for and on behalf of myself and my 
heirs, administrators, executors and assigns, effective the date hereof, do 
fully and forever release, remise and discharge the Acushnet Holdings Corp. 
(the “Company”) and its subsidiaries and affiliates (the “Company Group”), 
together with their respective current and former officers, directors, 
partners, members, shareholders, fiduciaries, counsel, employees and agents 
(collectively, and with the Company Group, the “Company Parties”) from any 
and all claims whatsoever up to the date hereof which I had, may have had, 
or now have against the Company Parties, for or by reason of any matter, 
cause or thing whatsoever, including any claim arising out of or 
attributable to my service or the termination of my service with the 
Company or otherwise, whether for (by way of example only) tort, breach of 
express or implied employment contract, intentional infliction of emotional 
distress, wrongful termination, unjust dismissal, defamation, libel or 
slander, or under any federal, state or local law, rule or regulation, or 
the common law, dealing with employment, including, but not limited to, 
discrimination in employment based on age, race, sex, national origin, 
handicap, religion, disability or sexual orientation. This release of 
claims includes, but is not limited to, all claims arising under the Age 
Discrimination in Employment Act (“ADEA”), Title VII of the Civil Rights 
Act, the Americans with Disabilities Act, the Civil Rights Act of 1991, the 
Family Medical Leave Act, and the Equal Pay Act, each as may be amended 
from time to time, and all other federal, state and local laws, the common 
law and any other purported restriction on an employer’s right to terminate 
the employment of employees. I intend the release contained herein to be a 
general release of any and all claims to the fullest extent permissible by 
law.

By executing this Release of Claims, I specifically release all claims 
relating to my service and its termination under ADEA, a United States 
federal statute that, among other things, prohibits discrimination on the 
basis of age in employment and employee benefit plans.

I acknowledge and agree that by virtue of the foregoing, I have waived any 
relief available to me (including without limitation, monetary damages, 
equitable relief and reinstatement) under any of the claims and/or causes 
of action waived in this Release of Claims. Therefore I agree that I will 
not accept any award or settlement from the Company (including but not 
limited to any proceeding brought by any other person or by any government 
agency) with respect to any claim or right waived in this Release of 
Claims.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing in this Release of Claims shall be a 
waiver of: (i) my rights with respect to the Consideration, (ii) my rights 
to benefits due to

------------------------------------------------------------------------

 

terminated employees under any qualified pension plan of the Company, (iii) 
my right to make Protected Disclosures, as defined in Section 17 of the 
Separation Agreement, or to collect a whistleblower award from any 
Governmental Entity arising from or in connection with any Protected 
Disclosure; (iii) my right to any beneficial adjustment to my equity awards 
as a result of the Company doing so with respect to all other similarly 
situated employees in accordance with the terms of the 2015 Omnibus 
Incentive Plan and the applicable award agreements; (iv) any claims that 
cannot be waived by law including, without limitation, any claims filed 
with the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission, the U.S. Department of 
Labor, or claims under the ADEA that arise after the date of this Release 
of Claims.

       I expressly acknowledge and agree that I:

·

Am able to read the language, and understand the meaning and effect, of 
this Release of Claims;

·

Have no physical or mental impairment of any kind that has interfered with 
my ability to read and understand the meaning of this Release of Claims or 
its terms, and that I am not acting under the influence of any medication, 
drug or chemical of any type in entering into this Release of Claims;

·

Am specifically agreeing to the terms of the release contained in this 
Release of Claims because the Company has agreed to pay me the 
Consideration, which the Company has agreed to provide because of my 
agreement to accept it in full settlement of all possible claims I might 
have or ever had, and because of my execution of this Release of Claims;

·

Acknowledge that but for my execution of this Release of Claims, I would 
not be entitled to the defined Consideration;

·

Understand that, by entering into this Release of Claims, I do not waive 
rights or claims under ADEA that may arise after the date I execute this 
Release of Claims;

·

Had or could have until January 22, 2018 (the “Review Period”), in which to 
review and consider this Release of Claims, and that if I execute this 
Release of Claims prior to the expiration of the Review Period, I have 
voluntarily and knowingly waived the remainder of the Review Period;

·

Was advised to consult with my attorney regarding the terms and effect of 
this Release of Claims; and

·

Have signed this Release of Claims knowingly and voluntarily.

Notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary, this Release of 
Claims will not become effective or enforceable prior to the expiration of 
the period of seven (7) calendar days following the date of its execution 
by me (the “Revocation Period”), during which time I may revoke my 
acceptance of this Release of Claims by notifying the Company, in

------------------------------------------------------------------------

 

writing, delivered to the Company at its principal executive office, marked 
for the attention of its Chief Human Resources Officer, Dennis Doherty. To 
be effective, such revocation must be received by the Company on or prior 
to the seventh (7th) calendar day following the execution of this Release 
of Claims. Provided that the Release of Claims is executed and I do not 
revoke it during the Revocation Period, the eighth (8th) day following the 
date on which this Release of Claims is executed shall be its effective 
date (the “Release Effective Date”). I acknowledge and agree that if I 
revoke this Release of Claims during the Revocation Period, this Release of 
Claims will be null and void and of no effect, and neither the Company nor 
any other member of the Company Group will have any obligations to pay me 
the Consideration.

The provisions of this Release of Claims shall be binding upon my heirs, 
executors, administrators, legal personal representatives, and assigns. If 
any provision of this Release of Claims shall be held by any court of 
competent jurisdiction to be illegal, void, or unenforceable, such 
provision shall be of no force or effect. The illegality or 
unenforceability of such provision, however, shall have no effect upon and 
shall not impair the enforceability of any other provision of this Release 
of Claims.

EXCEPT WHERE PREEMPTED BY FEDERAL LAW, THIS RELEASE SHALL BE GOVERNED BY 
AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH FEDERAL LAW AND THE LAWS OF THE 
COMMONWEALTH OF MASSACHUSETTS, APPLICABLE TO AGREEMENTS MADE AND TO BE 
PERFORMED IN THAT STATE WITHOUT GIVING EFFECT TO THE PRINCIPLES OF 
CONFLICTS OF LAWS. ALL DISPUTES AND CLAIMS REGARDING THIS RELEASE SHALL 
ONLY BE FILED AND ADJUDICATED IN STATE OR FEDERAL COURTS LOCATED IN THE 
COMMONWEALTH OF MASSACHUSETTS, AND SUCH COURTS SHALL BE THE SOLE AND 
EXCLUSIVE VENUE FOR THE ADJUDICATION OF ALL DISPUTES AND CLAIMS.

I HEREBY WAIVE ANY RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY IN CONNECTION WITH ANY SUIT, 
ACTION, OR PROCEEDING UNDER OR IN CONNECTION WITH THIS RELEASE.

 
 
 
Joseph Nauman
 
 
 
Dated:
 
 

------------------------------------------------------------------------