 EX-10.1 3 exh_101.htm EXHIBIT 10.1
Exhibit 10.1
 
 
 
PURCHASE AGREEMENT
 
                    $10,000,000
 
5.75% Fixed Rate Senior Notes due 2022
 
February 13, 2017
 
Ladies and Gentlemen:
 
Eagle Bancorp Montana, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the “Company”), agrees 
with the several purchasers named in Schedule I hereto (the “Purchasers”) 
as follows:
 
1.                  Issuance of Notes. Subject to the terms and conditions 
herein contained, the Company agrees to issue and sell to the Purchasers 
$10,000,000 in aggregate principal amount of the Company’s 5.75% Fixed Rate 
Senior Notes due 2022 (each a “Senior Note” and, collectively, the “Senior 
Notes”).
 
This Purchase Agreement and the Senior Notes are collectively referred to 
herein as the “Documents,” and the transactions contemplated hereby and 
thereby are collectively referred to herein as the “Transactions.”
 
2.                  Purchase, Sale and Delivery.
 
    (a)                On the basis of the representations, warranties,
    agreements and covenants herein contained and subject to the terms and
    conditions herein set forth, the Company agrees to sell to each
    Purchaser, severally and not jointly, and each Purchaser, severally and
    not jointly, agrees to purchase from the Company, at a purchase price
    of 100% of the aggregate principal amount thereof, the aggregate
    principal amount of the Senior Notes set forth in Schedule I opposite
    the name of such Purchaser. Delivery to the Purchasers of, and payment
    for, the Senior Notes will be made at a closing (the “Closing”) to be
    held at 9:00 a.m., Eastern Time, on February 13, 2017 (the “Closing
    Date”) at the offices of Holland & Knight LLP, 800 17th Street, NW,
    Suite 1100, Washington, D.C. 20006 (or at such other place as will be
    reasonably acceptable to the Purchasers).
     
    (b)               The Company will deliver to the respective Purchasers
    one or more Senior Notes in the form set forth on Exhibit A hereto,
    registered in such names and denominations as such Purchasers may
    request, against payment by such Purchasers of the purchase price
    therefor by immediately available federal funds bank wire transfer to
    such bank account or accounts as the Company will designate to the
    Purchasers at least two business days prior to the Closing.
     
    (c)                In conjunction with and as additional (but
    independent) supporting evidence for certain of the covenants,
    representations and warranties made by the Company herein, at the
    Closing, the Company will deliver or cause to be delivered to each
    Purchaser each of the following, the delivery of which will be a
    condition to the Purchaser’s obligation to purchase the Senior Notes:
     

1 

 

        (i)                 A copy, certified by the Secretary or Assistant
        Secretary of the Company, of (1) the certificate of formation of
        the Company, including all amendments thereto, (2) the bylaws of
        the Company and (3) the resolutions of the Board of Directors of
        the Company, including all amendments thereto, authorizing the
        execution, delivery and performance of the Documents;
         
        (ii)               A good standing certificate of the Company
        issued by the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware dated no
        more than ten (10) days prior to the Closing Date; and
         
        (iii)             An incumbency certificate of the Secretary or
        Assistant Secretary of the Company certifying the names of the
        officer or officers of the Company authorized to sign the Documents
        and any other documents provided for in this Purchase Agreement,
        together with a sample of the true signature of each such officer.
         
3.                  Representations and Warranties of the Company. Except 
as set forth in any of the reports (the “SEC Reports”) the Company files 
with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”) pursuant to 
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”), and 
the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, or as otherwise set forth 
in the disclosure schedules delivered by the Company to the Purchasers as 
of the date hereof (collectively, “Previously Disclosed”), the Company 
represents and warrants to, and agrees with, each Purchaser that, as of the 
Closing Date:
 
    (a)                Subsidiaries. The Company has Previously Disclosed
    each of the Company’s subsidiaries that is a “significant subsidiary”
    as defined in Rule 1-02 of Regulation S-X (each a “Subsidiary” and
    collectively, the “Subsidiaries”).
     
    (b)               Incorporation and Good Standing of the Company and
    its Subsidiaries. The Company and each of its Subsidiaries (i) has been
    duly organized or formed, as the case may be, is validly existing and
    is in good standing under the laws of its jurisdiction of organization,
    (ii) has all requisite power and authority to carry on its business as
    now being conducted and to own, lease and operate its properties and
    assets, and (iii) is duly qualified or licensed to do business and is
    in good standing as a foreign corporation, partnership or other entity
    as the case may be, authorized to do business in each jurisdiction in
    which the nature of such businesses or the ownership or leasing of such
    properties requires such qualification, except where the failure to be
    so qualified would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a
    material adverse effect on (1) the properties, business, operations,
    earnings, assets, liabilities or condition (financial or otherwise) of
    the Company and the Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, (2) the ability of
    the Company or any Subsidiary to perform its obligations in all
    material respects under any Document, (3) the validity or
    enforceability of any of the Documents, or (4) the consummation of any
    of the Transactions (each, a “Material Adverse Effect”); provided, that
    in determining whether a Material Adverse Effect has occurred, there
    shall be excluded any effect to the extent resulting from the
    following: (A) changes, after the date hereof, in U.S. generally
    accepted accounting principles (“GAAP”) or regulatory accounting
    principles generally applicable to banks, savings associations or their
    holding companies, (B) changes, after the date hereof, in applicable
    laws, rules and regulations or interpretations thereof by Governmental
    Authority (as defined below), (C) actions or omissions of the Company
    expressly required by the terms of this Agreement or the Senior Notes
    or taken with the prior written consent of Purchasers, (D) changes in
    general economic, monetary or financial conditions in the United
    States, (E) changes in global or national political conditions,
    including the outbreak or escalation of war or acts of terrorism, (F)
    the failure of the Company to meet any internal projections, forecasts,
    estimates or guidance for any period ending after December 31, 2015
    (but not excluding the underlying causes of such failure), or (G) the
    public disclosure of this Agreement or the transactions contemplated by
    this Agreement; provided, further, however, that if any event described
    in clause (A), (B), (D) or (E) of this Section 3(b) occurs and such
    event has a materially disproportionate effect on the Company relative
    to other banks, savings associations and their holding companies in the
    United States, then such event will be deemed to have had a Material
    Adverse Effect. The Company is registered as a bank holding company
    under the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, as amended. Opportunity
    Bank of Montana (the “Bank”) is a Montana-chartered commercial bank and
    is validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the State of
    Montana. The deposit accounts of the Bank are insured up to the
    applicable limits by the Deposit Insurance Fund of the Federal Deposit
    Insurance Corporation (the “FDIC”) to the fullest extent permitted by
    law and the rules and regulations of the FDIC, and no proceeding for
    the revocation or termination of such insurance is pending or, to the
    knowledge of the Company, has been instituted or is threatened or
    contemplated.
     

2 

 

    (c)                Capitalization and Other Capital Stock Matters. All
    of the outstanding shares of capital stock or other equity interests of
    each of the Subsidiaries are owned, directly or indirectly, by the
    Company, free and clear of all liens, security interests, mortgages,
    pledges, charges, equities, claims or restrictions on transferability
    or encumbrances of any kind (collectively, “Liens”), other than those
    imposed by the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act
    ”) and the securities or “Blue Sky” laws of certain U.S. state
    jurisdictions.
     
    (d)               Legal Power and Authority. The Company has all
    necessary power and authority to execute, deliver and perform its
    obligations under the Documents to which it is a party and to
    consummate the Transactions.
     
    (e)                The Purchase Agreement. This Purchase Agreement has
    been duly authorized, and duly and validly executed and delivered by
    the Company.
     
    (f)                Notes. The Senior Notes have been duly authorized by
    the Company and when issued and delivered to and paid for by the
    Purchasers in accordance with the terms of this Purchase Agreement,
    will have been duly executed and delivered and will constitute legal,
    valid and binding obligations of the Company, and enforceable against
    the Company in accordance with their terms, except that the enforcement
    thereof may be limited by (i) bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization,
    receivership, moratorium, fraudulent conveyance, fraudulent transfer or
    other similar laws now or hereafter in effect relating to creditors’
    rights generally and (ii) general principles of equity (whether applied
    by a court of law or equity) and the discretion of the court before
    which any proceeding therefor may be brought.
     

3 

 

    (g)               Compliance with Existing Instruments. Neither the
    Company nor any of the Subsidiaries is (i) in violation of its
    certificate of formation, bylaws or other organizational documents (the
    “Charter Documents”); (ii) in violation of any U.S. federal, state or
    local statute, law (including, without limitation, common law) or
    ordinance, or any judgment, decree, rule, regulation, order or
    injunction (collectively, “Applicable Law”) of any U.S. federal, state,
    local or other governmental or regulatory authority, governmental or
    regulatory agency or body, court, arbitrator or self-regulatory
    organization (each, a “Governmental Authority”), applicable to any of
    them or any of their respective properties; or (iii) in breach of or
    default under any material bond, debenture, note, loan or other
    evidence of indebtedness, indenture, mortgage, deed of trust, lease or
    any other agreement or instrument (in each case, excluding deposits) to
    which any of them is a party or by which any of them or their
    respective property is bound (collectively, the “Applicable Agreements
    ”), except, in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii) for such violations,
    breaches or defaults that would not, individually or in the aggregate,
    reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.
     
    (h)               No Material Adverse Effect. Since December 31, 2015,
    there has not been any fact, event, change, occurrence, condition,
    development, circumstance or effect that, individually or in the
    aggregate, has had or would reasonably be expected to have a Material
    Adverse Effect.
     
    (i)                 No Conflicts. Neither the execution, delivery or
    performance of the Documents nor the consummation of any of the
    Transactions will conflict with, violate, constitute a breach of or a
    default (with the passage of time or otherwise) or a Debt Repayment
    Triggering Event (as defined below) under, result in the imposition of
    a Lien on any assets of, or any penalty against, the Company or any of
    the Subsidiaries, or result in a Debt Repayment Triggering Event, in
    each case, under or pursuant to (i) the Charter Documents, (ii) any
    Applicable Agreement, (iii) any Applicable Law or (iv) any order, writ,
    judgment, injunction, decree, determination or award binding upon or
    affecting the Company. “Debt Repayment Triggering Event” means any
    event or condition that gives, or with the giving of notice or lapse of
    time would give, the holder of any note, debenture or other evidence of
    indebtedness (or any person acting on such holder’s behalf) the right
    to require the repurchase, redemption or repayment of all or a portion
    of such indebtedness by the Company or any of the Subsidiaries or any
    of their respective properties, except, in the case of clauses (ii),
    (iii) and (iv), to the extent where such conflict, violation, breach or
    default would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse
    Effect.
     
    (j)                 No Consents. No governmental orders, permissions,
    consents, approvals or authorizations are required to be obtained by
    the Company that have not been obtained, and no registrations or
    declarations are required to be filed by the Company in connection
    with, or, contemplation of, the execution and delivery of, and
    performance under, the Documents that have not been filed, except for
    applicable requirements, if any, of the Securities Act, the Exchange
    Act, state securities or blue sky laws and any applicable federal or
    state banking laws and regulations.
     

4 

 

    (k)               Offering of Securities. Neither the Company nor any
    person acting on its behalf has taken any action which would subject
    the offering, issuance or sale of the Senior Notes to the registration
    requirements of the Securities Act. Neither the Company nor any person
    acting on its behalf has engaged or will engage in any form of general
    solicitation or general advertising (within the meaning of Regulation D
    under the Securities Act) in connection with any offer or sale of the
    Senior Notes pursuant to the transactions contemplated by the
    Documents. Assuming the accuracy of Purchasers’ representations and
    warranties set forth in this Agreement, no registration under the
    Securities Act is required for the offer and sale of the Senior Notes
    by the Company to Purchasers.
     
    (l)                 Financial Statements. The audited consolidated
    financial statements and related notes and supporting schedules of the
    Company as of and for the years ended December 31, 2015 and 2014
    present fairly in accordance GAAP, in all material respects, the
    financial position, results of operations and cash flows of the Company
    and its consolidated Subsidiaries, as of the respective dates and for
    the respective periods to which they apply.
     
    (m)             Tax Law Compliance. The Company and each of its
    Subsidiaries has (i) filed all material foreign, U.S. federal, state
    and local tax returns, information returns and similar reports that are
    required to be filed, and all such tax returns are true, correct and
    complete in all material respects, and (ii) paid all material taxes
    required to be paid by it and any other material assessment, fine or
    penalty levied against it other than taxes (x) currently payable
    without penalty or interest, or (y) being contested in good faith by
    appropriate proceedings.
     
    (n)               Intellectual Property Rights. The Company and each of
    its Subsidiaries owns or licenses or otherwise has the right to use all
    patents, patent rights, licenses, inventions, copyrights, know-how
    (including trade secrets and other unpatented and/or unpatentable
    proprietary or confidential information, systems or procedures),
    trademarks, service marks, domain names and trade names (collectively,
    “Intellectual Property”) that are necessary for the operation of its
    business, without infringement upon or conflict with the rights of any
    other person with respect thereto, except for such infringements and
    conflicts which, individually or in the aggregate, could not reasonably
    be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. No trademark or other
    advertising device, product, process, method, substance, part or other
    material now employed, or now contemplated to be employed, by the
    Company or any of its Subsidiaries infringes upon or conflicts with any
    rights owned by any other person, and no claim or litigation regarding
    any of the foregoing is pending or threatened, except for such
    infringements and conflicts which could not reasonably be expected to
    have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect. To
    the best knowledge of the Company, no patent, invention, device,
    application, principle or any statute, law, rule, regulation, standard
    or code pertaining to Intellectual Property is pending or proposed,
    which, individually or in the aggregate, could reasonably be expected
    to have a Material Adverse Effect.
     

5 

 

    (o)               Insurance. The Company and its Subsidiaries maintain
    insurance on their business activities and assets provided by reputable
    insurers in an amount that the Company’s and Subsidiaries’ Board of
    Directors has determined to be appropriate in light of the Company’s
    and Subsidiaries’ business activities.
     
    (p)               Investment Company Act. Neither the Company nor any
    of its Subsidiaries is an “investment company” that is required to be
    registered under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, and
    the rules and regulations of the SEC thereunder.
     
    (q)               No Brokers. Neither the Company nor any of its
    affiliates is under any obligation to pay any broker’s fee or
    commission or finder’s fee in connection with the Transactions, other
    than commissions or fees payable to Brean Capital, LLC, as placement
    agent (the “Placement Agent”).
     
    (r)                 Foreign Corrupt Practices Act. None of the Company
    or any Subsidiary, nor, to the knowledge of the Company or any
    Subsidiary, any director, officer, employee, agent or other person
    acting on behalf of the Company or any Subsidiary has, in the course of
    its actions for, or on behalf of, the Company or any Subsidiary (i)
    used any corporate funds for any unlawful contribution, gift,
    entertainment or other unlawful expenses relating to political
    activity; (ii) made any direct or indirect unlawful payment to any
    domestic government official, “foreign official” (as defined in the
    U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended, and the rules
    and regulations thereunder (collectively, the “FCPA”) or employee from
    corporate funds; (iii) violated or is in violation of any provision of
    the FCPA; or (iv) made any unlawful bribe, rebate, payoff, influence
    payment, kickback or other unlawful payment to any domestic government
    official, such foreign official or employee.
     
    (s)                Regulatory Matters. Neither the Company nor any of
    its Subsidiaries (i) is subject to any cease and desist or other
    similar order or enforcement action issued by, (ii) is a party to any
    written agreement, consent agreement or memorandum of understanding
    with, (iii) is a party to any commitment letter or similar undertaking
    to, or (iv) is subject to any capital directive by, and since December
    31, 2015, neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has adopted
    any board resolutions at the request of, any Regulatory Agency that
    currently restricts in any material respect the conduct of its business
    or that in any material manner relates to its capital adequacy, its
    liquidity and funding policies and practices, its ability to pay
    dividends, its credit, risk management or compliance policies, its
    internal controls, its management or its operations or business (each
    item in this sentence, a “Regulatory Agreement”), nor has the Company
    nor any of its Subsidiaries been advised since December 31, 2015 by any
    Regulatory Agency that it is considering issuing, initiating, ordering,
    or requesting any such Regulatory Agreement. As used herein, the term “
    Regulatory Agency” means any federal or state agency charged with the
    supervision or regulation of depositary institutions or holding
    companies of depositary institutions, or engaged in the insurance of
    depositary institution deposits, or any court, administrative agency or
    commission or other Governmental Authority having supervisory or
    regulatory authority with respect to the Company or any of the
    Subsidiaries.
     

6 

 

    (t)                 Derivative Financial Instruments. Any and all
    material swaps, caps, floors, futures, forward contracts, option
    agreements (other than stock options issued to the Company’s employees,
    directors, agents or consultants) and other derivative financial
    instruments, contracts or arrangements, whether entered into for the
    account of the Company or one of the Subsidiaries or for the account of
    a customer of the Company or one of the Subsidiaries, were entered into
    in the ordinary course of business and in accordance with Applicable
    Laws, rules, regulations and policies of all applicable regulatory
    agencies and with counterparties believed by the Company to be
    financially responsible at the time.
     
    (u)               Pending Litigation. There are no actions, suits,
    proceedings or written agreements pending, or, to Company’s knowledge,
    threatened or proposed, against Company or any of its Subsidiaries at
    law or in equity or before or by any federal, state, municipal, or
    other governmental department, commission, board, or other
    administrative agency, domestic or foreign, that, either separately or
    in the aggregate, would reasonably be expected to have a Material
    Adverse Effect on Company or any of its Subsidiaries or affect issuance
    or payment of the Senior Notes; and neither Company nor any of its
    Subsidiaries is a party to or named as subject to the provisions of any
    order, writ, injunction, or decree of, or any written agreement with,
    any court, commission, board or agency, domestic or foreign, that
    either separately or in the aggregate, will have a Material Adverse
    Effect on Company or any of its Subsidiaries.
     
    (v)               Title to Property. Company and any Subsidiary have
    good and marketable title to their respective property and assets
    material to their business, except for property sold, collected or
    otherwise disposed of in the ordinary course of Company’s business. All
    material leases are valid and subsisting and are in full force and
    effect in all material respects.
     
    (w)             Possession of Licenses and Permits. Each of Company and
    its Subsidiaries possesses such permits, licenses, approvals, consents
    and other authorizations (collectively, “Governmental Licenses”) issued
    by the appropriate Governmental Authority necessary to conduct the
    business now operated by it except where the failure to possess such
    Governmental Licenses would not, individually or in the aggregate, have
    a Material Adverse Effect on Company or such applicable Subsidiary;
    each of Company and its Subsidiaries is in compliance with the terms
    and conditions of all such Governmental Licenses, except where the
    failure so to comply would not, singly or in the aggregate, have a
    Material Adverse Effect on Company or such applicable Subsidiary; all
    of the Governmental Licenses are valid and in full force and effect,
    except where the invalidity of such Governmental Licenses or the
    failure of such Governmental Licenses to be in full force and effect
    would not have a Material Adverse Effect on Company or such applicable
    Subsidiary; and neither Company nor any Subsidiary of Company has
    received any notice of proceedings relating to the revocation or
    modification of any such Governmental Licenses.
     
    (x)               Accuracy of Representations. The Company understands
    that the Placement Agent and each Purchaser are relying upon the truth
    and accuracy of the foregoing representations, acknowledgements and
    agreements in connection with the transactions contemplated by this
    Purchase Agreement.
     

7 

 

    (y)               Pari Passu. Each Senior Note issued in the
    Transactions will rank pari passu with all Senior Notes issued in the
    Transactions.
     
4.                  Representations and Warranties of the Purchasers. Each 
Purchaser represents and warrants to the Company, severally and not 
jointly, as follows:
 
    (a)                Organization and Authority. Such Purchaser is duly
    organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the
    jurisdiction of its organization, is duly qualified to do business and
    is in good standing in all jurisdictions where its ownership or leasing
    of property or the conduct of its business requires it to be so
    qualified and where failure to be so qualified would be reasonably
    expected to materially and adversely affect such Purchaser’s ability to
    perform its obligations under this Agreement or consummate the
    transactions contemplated by this Purchase Agreement on a timely basis,
    and such Purchaser has the corporate or other power and authority and
    governmental authorizations to own its properties and assets and to
    carry on its business as it is now being conducted.
     
    (b)               Legal Power and Authority. The Purchaser has all
    necessary power and authority to execute, deliver and perform its
    obligations under the Documents to which it is a party and to
    consummate the Transactions.
     
    (c)                Authorization and Execution. This Purchase Agreement
    has been duly and validly authorized, executed and delivered by the
    Purchaser, and assuming due authorization, execution and delivery by
    the Company, is a valid and binding obligation of such Purchaser
    enforceable against such Purchaser in accordance with its terms (except
    as enforcement may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency,
    reorganization, moratorium, fraudulent transfer and similar laws of
    general applicability relating to or affecting creditors’ rights or by
    general equity principles).
     
    (d)               No Conflicts. Neither the execution, delivery or
    performance of the Documents nor the consummation of any of the
    Transactions will conflict with, violate, constitute a breach of or a
    default (with the passage of time or otherwise) under (i) any agreement
    to which the Purchaser is a party, (ii) any Applicable Law or (iii) any
    order, writ, judgment, injunction, decree, determination or award
    binding upon or affecting the Purchaser except for such violations and
    conflicts that would not reasonably be expected to have, singularly or
    in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect on Purchaser.
     
    (e)                Investment. The Purchaser is acquiring the Senior
    Notes for investment for its own account and not with a view to, or for
    resale in connection with, any distribution thereof, and such Purchaser
    has no present intention of selling or distributing the Senior Notes.
    The Purchaser does not have any contract, undertaking, agreement or
    arrangement with any person or entity to sell, transfer or grant
    participation to such person or entity or to any third person or entity
    with respect to the Senior Notes other than as set forth in this
    Purchase Agreement. The Purchaser will not sell or otherwise dispose of
    any of the Senior Notes, except in compliance with the registration
    requirements or exemption provisions of the Securities Act and any
    other applicable securities laws.
     

8 

 

    (f)                Knowledge and Experience.
     
        (i)                 The Purchaser has substantial experience in
        evaluating and investing in private placement transactions of
        securities in companies similar to the Company such that the
        Purchaser is capable of evaluating the merits and risks of its
        investment in the Company and has the capacity to protect its own
        interests in connection with such an investment. The Purchaser is
        an institutional “accredited investor” as defined in Rule 501(a) of
        Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act and as
        contemplated by subsections (1), (2), (3) or (7) of Rule 501(a) of
        Regulation D, and has no less than $5,000,000 in total assets. The
        Purchaser is able to bear the economic risk of holding the Senior
        Notes indefinitely, or losing its entire investment in the Company,
        which is not disproportionate to the Purchaser’s net worth.
         
        (ii)               The Purchaser acknowledges that such Purchaser
        and its advisors have been furnished with all materials relating to
        the business, finances and operations of the Company that have been
        requested by such Purchaser or its advisors and has been given the
        opportunity to ask questions of, and to receive answers from,
        persons acting on behalf of the Company concerning terms and
        conditions of the Transactions contemplated by this Purchase
        Agreement in order to make an informed and voluntary decision to
        enter into such Agreement.
         
        (iii)             The Purchaser has made its own investment
        decision based upon its own judgment, due diligence and advice from
        such advisers as it has deemed necessary and not upon any view
        expressed by any other person or entity, including, without
        limitation, the Placement Agent. Neither such inquiries nor any
        other due diligence investigations conducted by such Purchaser or
        its advisors or representatives, if any, will modify, amend or
        affect the Purchaser’s right to rely on the Company’s
        representations and warranties contained herein. The Purchaser is
        not relying upon, and has not relied upon, any advice, statement,
        representation or warranty made by any person or entity by or on
        behalf of the Company, including, without limitation, the Placement
        Agent, except for the express statements, representations and
        warranties of the Company made or contained in this Purchase
        Agreement. Furthermore, the Purchaser acknowledges that: (i) the
        Placement Agent has not performed any due diligence review on
        behalf of the Purchaser; (ii) nothing in this Purchase Agreement or
        any other materials presented by or on behalf of the Company to the
        Purchaser in connection with the purchase of the Senior Notes
        constitutes legal, tax or investment advice and such Purchaser has
        consulted such legal, tax and investment advisors as it, in its
        sole discretion, has deemed necessary or appropriate in connection
        with its purchase of the Senior Notes; and (iii) the Purchaser
        received or had access to all of the information such Purchaser
        deemed necessary in order to make its decision to invest in the
        Senior Notes. The Placement Agent and its respective affiliates
        (and their respective officers, directors, employees, agents,
        advisors, attorneys and consultants) are third-party beneficiaries
        to this Section 4.
         

9 

 

        (iv)             Private Placement; No Registration of Securities.
        The Purchaser understands and acknowledges that the Senior Notes
        are being sold by the Company without registration under the
        Securities Act in reliance on the exemption from federal and state
        registration set forth in, respectively, Rule 506(b) of Regulation
        D promulgated under Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act and
        Section 18 of the Securities Act, or any state securities laws, and
        accordingly, may be resold, pledged or otherwise transferred only
        if exemptions from the Securities Act and applicable state
        securities laws are available to it. Such Purchaser further
        acknowledges and agrees that all certificates or other instruments
        representing the Senior Notes will bear the restrictive legend set
        forth in the form of Senior Note, which is attached as an exhibit
        to this Agreement. Such Purchaser further acknowledges its primary
        responsibilities under the Securities Act and, accordingly, will
        not sell or otherwise transfer the Senior Notes or any interest
        therein without complying with the requirements of the Securities
        Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder and the
        requirements set forth in this Purchase Agreement. Such Purchaser
        represents that it understands the resale limitations imposed by
        Rule 144 promulgated under the Securities Act and by the Securities
        Act on the Senior Notes.
         
        (v)               No Offering Memorandum. The Purchaser
        acknowledges that: (i) the Company is not providing the Purchasers
        with the written disclosures that would be required if the offer
        and sale of the Senior Notes were registered under the Securities
        Act, nor are the Purchasers being provided with any offering
        circular or prospectus prepared in connection with the offer and
        sale of the Senior Notes; (ii) the Purchaser has conducted its own
        examination of the Company and its Subsidiaries and the terms of
        the Senior Notes to the extent it deems necessary to make its
        decision to purchase the Senior Notes; and (iii) the Purchaser has
        availed itself of access to financial and other information
        concerning the Company and its Subsidiaries to the extent it deems
        necessary to make its decision to purchase the Senior Notes.
         
        (vi)             Placement Agent. The Purchaser will purchase the
        Senior Note(s) directly from the Company and not from the Placement
        Agent and understands that neither the Placement Agent nor any
        other brokers or dealers have any obligation to make a market in
        the Senior Notes.
         
        (vii)           Accuracy of Representations. The Purchaser
        understands that the Placement Agent and the Company are relying
        upon the truth and accuracy of the foregoing representations,
        acknowledgements and agreements in connection with the transactions
        contemplated by this Purchase Agreement.
         
        (viii)         Confidential Investor Questionnaire. Purchaser
        hereby represents and warrants that the information about the
        Purchaser set forth in the Confidential Investor Questionnaire
        delivered to the Company together with or prior to the delivery of
        this Purchase Agreement is true, correct and complete in all
        respects. The Purchaser covenants that prior to the Closing Date it
        will promptly notify the Company of any material changes to the
        information set forth in such Confidential Investor Questionnaire.
         

10 

 

5.                  Miscellaneous.
 
    (a)                Notices. Notices given under this Purchase Agreement
    will be addressed as follows: (i) if to the Company, to: Eagle Bancorp
    Montana, Inc., 1400 Prospect Avenue, Helena, MT 59601-0000, Attention:
    President and Chief Executive Officer, with a copy to (which copy alone
    shall not constitute notice): Holland & Knight LLP, 800 17th Street,
    NW, Suite 1100, Washington, DC 20006, Attention: Norman B. Antin and
    Jeffrey D. Haas, and (ii) if to the Purchasers, to their respective
    addresses listed in Schedule I (or in any case to such other address as
    the person to be notified may have requested in writing).
     
    (b)               Beneficiaries. This Purchase Agreement is made for
    the sole benefit of Company and the Purchasers, and no other person
    will be deemed to have any privity of contract hereunder nor any right
    to rely hereon to any extent or for any purpose whatsoever, nor will
    any other person have any right of action of any kind hereon or be
    deemed to be a third party beneficiary hereunder; provided, that the
    Placement Agent may rely on the representations and warranties
    contained herein to the same extent as if it were a party to this
    Purchase Agreement. The term “successors and assigns” will not include
    a purchaser of any of the Senior Notes from any Purchaser merely
    because of such purchase.
     
    (c)                Governing Law; Waiver of Jury Trial. This Purchase
    Agreement will be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the
    laws of the State of Delaware, without regard to conflicts of law
    principles. TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED UNDER APPLICABLE LAW, EACH OF THE
    COMPANY AND EACH PURCHASER KNOWINGLY, VOLUNTARILY AND INTENTIONALLY
    WAIVES ANY RIGHT THAT IT MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LITIGATION
    ARISING IN ANY WAY IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT OR THE
    SUBORDINATED NOTES, OR ANY OTHER STATEMENTS OR ACTIONS OF THE COMPANY
    OR PURCHASERS. THE COMPANY AND EACH PURCHASER ACKNOWLEDGES THAT IT HAS
    BEEN REPRESENTED IN THE SIGNING OF THIS AGREEMENT AND IN THE MAKING OF
    THIS WAIVER BY INDEPENDENT LEGAL COUNSEL SELECTED OF ITS OWN FREE WILL.
     
    (d)               Expenses. All costs and expenses incurred in
    connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement will be
    borne and paid by the party incurring the expense.
     
    (e)                Entire Agreement; Counterparts. This Purchase
    Agreement constitutes the entire agreement of the parties to this
    Purchase Agreement and supersedes all prior written or oral and all
    contemporaneous oral agreements, understandings and negotiations with
    respect to the subject matter hereof. This Purchase Agreement may be
    executed by facsimile and in any number of counterparts and by
    different parties hereto in separate counterparts, each of which when
    so executed and delivered will be deemed to be an original and all of
    which taken together will constitute but one and the same instrument.
    In the event that any signature is delivered by facsimile transmission,
    or by e-mail delivery of a “.pdf” format data file, such signature will
    create a valid and binding obligation of the party executing (or on
    whose behalf such signature is executed) with the same force and effect
    as if such signature page were an original thereof.
     

11 

 

    (f)                Headings. The headings in this Purchase Agreement
    are for convenience of reference only and will not limit or otherwise
    affect the meaning hereof.
     
    (g)               Severability. If any term, provision, covenant or
    restriction of this Purchase Agreement is held by a court of competent
    jurisdiction to be invalid, illegal, void or unenforceable, the
    remainder of the terms, provisions, covenants and restrictions set
    forth herein will remain in full force and effect and will in no way be
    affected, impaired or invalidated, and the parties hereto will use
    their reasonable best efforts to find and employ an alternative means
    to achieve the same or substantially the same result as that
    contemplated by such term, provision, covenant or restriction.
     
    (h)               Amendment. This Purchase Agreement may be amended,
    modified or supplemented, and waivers or consents to departures from
    the provisions hereof may be given, provided that the same is executed
    by the Company and such Purchasers as may intend to be bound by such
    amendment, modification, supplement, waiver or consent; provided,
    however, that no such amendment, modification, supplement, waiver or
    consent will be effective against any such Purchaser who fails to so
    execute.
     

12 

 

[Company Signature Page]
 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this Purchase Agreement to be 
executed by its duly authorized representative as of the date first above 
written.
 
 
  	EAGLE BANCORP MONTANA, INC.
  	  	 
  	  	 
  	  	 
  	By:   	 
  	  	Peter J. Johnson
  	  	President and Chief Executive Officer
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

 

[Purchaser Signature Page]
 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Purchaser has caused this Purchase Agreement to be 
executed by its duly authorized representative as of the date first above 
written.
 
  	[PURCHASER]
  	  	 
  	  	 
  	  	 
  	By:   	 
  	Name: 	 
  	Title:   	 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

 

SCHEDULE I
 
[Intentionally omitted.]
 
 

 

 

SCHEDULE II
 
List of Subsidiaries
 
Entity Name 	Jurisdiction of Formation	
Opportunity Bank of Montana 	Montana
Eagle Bancorp Statutory Trust I 	Delaware
 
 
 
 