 EX-10.27 7 tier-ex1027employmentagree.htm EXHIBIT 10.27
Exhibit 10.27

FOURTH AMENDMENT TO EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT

This FOURTH AMENDMENT TO EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT (the “Amendment”) is made as 
of the 10th day of February 2017, between William J. Reister (the 
“Executive”) and TIER REIT, Inc. (formerly known as Behringer Harvard REIT 
I, Inc.), a Maryland corporation (the “Company”), and Tier Operating 
Partnership LP (formerly known as Behringer Harvard Operating Partnership I 
LP), a Texas limited partnership (the “Operating Partnership” and together 
with the Company, the “Employers”).

WHEREAS, the Executive and the Employers entered into that certain 
Employment Agreement, dated September 1, 2012, as amended (the 
“Agreement”), pursuant to which the Executive is currently employed by the 
Employers; and

WHEREAS, the Executive and the Employers mutually desire to amend the Term 
of the Agreement.

NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants and agreements 
herein contained and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and 
sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, the parties agree as follows:

      1.Recitals. The recitals contained in this Amendment are hereby
      incorporated into, and made an integral part of, this Amendment. All
      defined terms used herein that are not otherwise defined shall have
      the same meaning ascribed to them in the Agreement.    

      2.Term of Agreement. Section 1(a) of the Agreement is hereby amended
      and restated as follows:

            “(a) Term. The Employers hereby employ the Executive, and the
            Executive hereby accepts such employment for an initial term
            commencing as of September 1, 2012 (the “Commencement Date”)
            and continuing until February 10, 2020 (the “Initial Term”),
            unless sooner terminated in accordance with the provisions of
            Section 3; with such employment to automatically continue
            following the Initial Term for an additional one-year period in
            accordance with the terms of this Agreement (subject to
            termination as aforesaid) unless either party notifies the
            other party in writing of its intention not to renew this
            Agreement at least 60 days prior to the expiration of the
            Initial Term (the Initial Term, together with any such
            extension of employment hereunder, shall hereinafter be
            referred to as the “Term”).”

      3.Binding Effect of Amendment. This Amendment shall be binding on all
      successors and permitted assigns of the parties hereof.

      4.Severability. The enforceability or invalidity of any provision of
      this Amendment shall not affect the enforceability or validity of any
      other provision.

      5.Headings. The headings have been inserted solely as a matter of
      convenience to the parties and shall not affect the construction or
      meaning thereof.





------------------------------------------------------------------------

      6.Ratification. The Executive and the Employers hereby ratify and
      confirm their respective obligations under the Agreement, as modified
      by this Amendment. If any inconsistency exists or arises between the
      terms of the Agreement and the terms of this Amendment, the terms of
      this Amendment shall prevail.

     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Amendment as of the 
date first set forth above.



                                                                

                                    TIER REIT, INC.
                                     
                                     
                                     
                                    /s/ Scott W. Fordham
                                    By: Scott W. Fordham
                                    Its: Chief Executive Officer and
                                    President
                                     
                                     
                                    TIER OPERATING PARTNERSHIP LP
                                     
                                     
                                    /s/ Scott W. Fordham
                                    By: Scott W. Fordham
                                    Its: Chief Executive Officer and
                                    President
                                     
                                     
                                    EXECUTIVE:
                                     
                                     
                                     
                                    /s/ William J. Reister
                                    William J. Reister
                                     
                                     


2

