 EX-10.2 3 ex10-2.htm EXHIBIT 10.2
Exhibit 10.2
  
AMENDED AND RESTATED
EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT
 
This Amended and Restated Employment Agreement (“Agreement”) is made as of 
the 15th day of December, 2016, effective as of January 1, 2017, by and 
between Mercantile Bank Corporation, a Michigan corporation (the "Company
"), Mercantile Bank of Michigan, a Michigan banking corporation (the "Bank
" and collectively with the Company, the "Employers" and each, an 
"Employer"), and Robert T. Worthington (the "Employee").
 
RECITALS
 
A.     The Bank and the Employee have previously entered into an Employment 
Agreement dated November 19, 2015 (the "Employment Agreement").
 
B.     The Company, the Bank and the Employee wish to amend and restate the 
Employment Agreement in its entirety, such that this Agreement will replace 
and supersede the existing Employment Agreement.
 
C.     This Agreement sets forth the terms of the Employee's employment as 
Senior Vice President, Chief Operating Officer, General Counsel and 
Secretary of the Company and Senior Vice President, Chief Operating 
Officer, General Counsel and Secretary of the Bank.
 
D.     The Employers believe that entering into this Agreement is in the 
best interest of their respective shareholders.
 
E.     The Employee believes that entering into this Agreement is in his 
best interest.
 
TERMS OF AGREEMENT
 
In consideration of the mutual covenants and obligations set forth in this 
Agreement, to induce the Employee to remain in the employment of the 
Employers, and for other good and valuable consideration, the Employers and 
the Employee agree as follows:
 
1.     Employment, Term, and Acceptance. The Company agrees to employ the 
Employee as its Senior Vice President, Chief Operating Officer, General 
Counsel and Secretary, and the Bank agrees to employ the Employee as its 
Senior Vice President, Chief Operating Officer, General Counsel and 
Secretary, for the period from January 1, 2017 through the Termination Date 
(the "Employment Period"), unless such employment is terminated earlier 
pursuant to Section 9 or 10 of this Agreement. The initial Termination Date 
is December 31, 2018. Effective as of December 31, 2017, and as of each 
December 31 after December 31, 2017, the Termination Date will 
automatically extend to the next succeeding December 31 after the then 
existing Termination Date unless at least thirty (30) days' prior to an 
December 31 automatic extension, the Employee, the Company or the Bank 
gives notice to the others that the Termination Date shall not be 
automatically extended on such December 31; in which case the Termination 
Date will not be extended. Accordingly, unless the Employee, the Company or 
the Bank gives notice that the Termination Date will not be extended, there 
will, as of each December 31, be an Employment Period of two years 
remaining. The Employee hereby accepts such employment.
 
 
 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
2.     Duties and Authority.
 
2.1     Promotion of Employers' Interest. While employed as an officer of 
the Company and the Bank, the Employee shall devote his business time and 
attention to the business and affairs of the Employers, and shall use his 
efforts and abilities to promote the interests of the Employers.
 
2.2     Performance of Duties. The Employee shall perform such services and 
duties necessary or appropriate for the Employers as are normally expected 
of persons appointed to the positions identified in Section 1, in the 
business in which the Employers are engaged. The Employee shall perform his 
duties under this Agreement in accordance with reasonable standards and 
policies established from time to time by the Employers.
 
3.     Cash Compensation. In consideration of the services to be performed 
by the Employee under this Agreement, the Bank shall pay the Employee an 
annual base salary of $215,000 ("Base Cash Compensation"), payable in 
accordance with the normal payroll practices of the Bank. The Board of 
Directors of the Bank may adjust the Base Cash Compensation from time to 
time. In addition to the Base Cash Compensation described above, the 
Employee will be entitled to such bonuses and other discretionary 
compensation as may be awarded to the Employee from time to time by the 
Board of Directors of either of the Employers.
 
4.     Participation in Employee Benefit Plans. In addition to the cash 
compensation payable to the Employee under this Agreement, the Employee 
shall be entitled to participate in such employee benefit plans, whether 
contributory or non-contributory, such as group life and disability 
insurance plans, hospital, surgical, vision and dental benefit plans or 
other bonus incentive, profit sharing, stock option, retirement, deferred 
compensation or other employee benefit plans of the Employers as may now or 
hereafter exist to the extent that the Employee meets the eligibility 
requirements of any such plans. All such group life and disability 
insurance plans, hospital, surgical, vision and dental benefit plans are 
hereafter referred to as "Life, Disability and Medical Plans". If any bonus 
or incentive compensation plan payments constitute "deferred compensation" 
within the meaning of Code Section 409A and applicable Treasury 
regulations, such deferred compensation will be paid to the Employee within 
2 ½ months after the end of the calendar year in which it is payable, 
unless such bonus or incentive compensation is deferred pursuant to a 
timely election into a plan that complies with Code Section 409A.
 
5.     Out of Pocket Expenses. The Employee will be reimbursed by the Bank 
or the Company, as the case may be, for all reasonable expenses incurred in 
promoting its business; including expenses for entertainment, travel and 
similar items upon the presentation by Employee, from time to time, of an 
itemized account of such expenditures in a form and manner as determined by 
the Board of Directors or the chief financial or accounting officer of the 
Employer for whose account the expenditures are made; provided that such 
reimbursement shall be subject to any guidelines provided by the Board of 
Directors or Chief Executive Officer of the Bank or the Company prior to an 
expense being incurred.
 
 
 
2
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
6.     Vacation. The Employee shall be entitled each year to five (5) weeks 
paid vacation time. The Employee will not be entitled to additional 
compensation for vacation time not utilized in any year nor will the 
Employee be permitted to carry over unused vacation time to a succeeding 
year.
 
7.     At-Will Employment. The Employee's employment shall be "at will" and 
may be terminated by the Company or the Bank at any time, with or without 
cause, subject however, to the Employee's rights under Section 10 of this 
Agreement.
 
8.     Non-Compete and Non-Solicitation Agreement. The Employee has 
previously executed the Non-Compete and Non-Solicitation Agreement of the 
Company and the Bank, a copy of which is attached hereto as Exhibit A (the 
"Non-Compete and Non-Solicitation Agreement"). The Employee agrees that the 
Non-Compete and Non-Solicitation Agreement is incorporated herein by 
reference, remains in full force and effect and that the Employee will 
continue to abide by it. The Employee further agrees that if the Employee 
accepts the payments listed in Section 10.5 below, any termination of the 
Employee's employment will not constitute a termination without cause under 
the Non-Compete and Non-Solicitation Agreement regardless of the reason for 
the termination.
 
9.     Termination of Employment Upon Disability or Death.
 
9.1     Disability. In the event the Employee shall become Disabled (as 
hereinafter defined) during the Employment Period, the Bank or the Company 
may terminate the Employee's employment under this Agreement by giving the 
Employee written notice of such termination ("Disability Termination Notice
"). In the event of any such termination during the Employment Period, the 
Bank shall continue to pay the Employee his Base Cash Compensation, at the 
rate in effect immediately prior to the giving of the Disability 
Termination Notice, in six (6) substantially equal monthly installments 
commencing on the first day of the month after the effective date of the 
termination of employment. The Employee shall also be entitled to receive a 
pro rata share of any incentive compensation payable for the year in which 
the termination of employment occurred, payable in a lump sum at the same 
time that such incentive compensation is paid to other participants in the 
incentive compensation program. In addition, the Employers shall cover the 
Employee under their disability plans, if any, in effect from time to time 
under the terms and conditions that such coverage is made available to 
other employees of the respective Employer, and the Employee shall be 
entitled to any benefits payable to the Employee under such disability 
plans. While disabled, the Bank shall continue to provide the Employee and 
the Employee's dependents with coverage under its Life, Disability and 
Medical Plans for six (6) months following the date of termination of 
employment to the extent that it may do so under the provisions of such 
plans, with the Employee's contributions to the premiums under such plans 
being no more than the amounts the Employee paid for such premiums prior to 
disability, adjusted from time to time for normal periodic increases in 
such premiums applied in general to employees of the Bank.
 
 
3
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
  
The Employee shall be "Disabled" for purposes of this Agreement if the 
Employee (i) is unable to engage in any substantial gainful activity by 
reason of any medically determinable physical or mental impairment which 
can be expected to result in death or can be expected to last for a 
continuous period of not less than 12 months; or (ii) is, by reason of any 
medically determinable physical or mental impairment that can be expected 
to result in death or can be expected to last for a continuous period of 
not less than 12 months, receiving income replacement benefits for at least 
three (3) months from an Employer's long-term disability policy. The 
Employee shall be deemed to be Disabled if the Employee is determined to be 
totally disabled by the Social Security Administration.
 
9.2     Death. In the event of the death of the Employee, the Employee's 
employment with the Employers shall terminate as of the date of death. Any 
life insurance policies owned by the Bank or the Company, and insuring the 
life of the Employee, shall be payable to the beneficiaries of such 
policies in accordance with the terms of such policies.
 
9.3     Extent of Obligations. The provisions of Sections 9.1 and 9.2 apply 
only to Disability or death occurring during the Employment Period while 
the Employee is employed by the Bank and the Company. Other than as set 
forth in Section 9.1 or 9.2, neither of the Employers shall have any 
obligation or liability to the Employee upon the Employee's death or 
Disability except that the Employee shall be entitled to all accrued rights 
under stock option, retirement and other employee benefit plans of the 
Company and the Bank, and the Bank shall promptly pay the Employee (or the 
Employee's personal representative) his Base Cash Compensation due through 
the effective date of the termination of employment, the cash equivalent of 
any accrued vacation days not taken as of such effective date (calculated 
based on the Employee's annual base salary attributable to each vacation 
day), and any out-of-pocket expenses for which the Employee is entitled to 
be reimbursed, and for which reimbursement has not yet been made.
 
10.     Termination of Employment for Cause, Without Cause, Good Reason, or 
Without Good Reason.
 
10.1     Termination by the Bank for Cause. Each of the Employers shall 
have the right, at any time, to terminate the Employee’s employment for 
Cause (as defined herein). For purposes of this Agreement, the term "Cause" 
means (a) an act or acts of dishonesty committed by the Employee and 
intended by the Employee to result in the Employee's personal enrichment 
(other than to a trivial extent) at the expense of the Company, the Bank or 
any of their affiliates, (b) continuing intentional neglect by the Employee 
of the Employee's duties under Section 2 of this Agreement that cause or 
are expected to cause material harm to the Company, the Bank or any of 
their affiliates, and that is not remedied after receipt of notice from the 
applicable Employer, (c) the Employee’s conviction of a felony, or (d) the 
Employee’s intentional breach of the Employee's obligations under paragraph 
2, 3 or 7 of the Non-Compete and Non-Solicitation Agreement which causes or 
may be expected to cause material harm to the Company, the Bank or any of 
their affiliates. Any termination for Cause shall be effective upon an 
Employer giving the Employee written notice that the Employee's employment 
is terminated, and setting forth in reasonable detail the basis for such 
termination, and that such termination is for Cause.
 
 
 
4
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
          10.2     Termination by an Employer Without Cause.      Each of 
the Employers shall have the right at any time to terminate the Employee's 
employment without Cause by giving the Employee written notice that the 
Employee's employment is terminated, and setting forth in reasonable detail 
the basis, if any, for such termination. Any such termination shall be 
effective upon the giving of such notice by the Employer.
 
          10.3     Termination by Employee for Good Reason.      The 
Employee shall have the right at any time to terminate employment under 
this Agreement for Good Reason (as defined herein) within ninety (90) days 
of learning of such Good Reason. For purposes of this Agreement, the term "
Good Reason" means (a) any assignment to the Employee of any title or 
duties that are materially inconsistent with the Employee's present 
positions, titles, duties, or responsibilities, other than an insubstantial 
or inadvertent action which is remedied by the applicable Employer promptly 
after receipt of written notice from the Employee, or which is approved of 
by the Employee in writing; or (b) any failure by an Employer to comply in 
a material respect with any provision of Section 3, 4, 5, or 6, other than 
an insubstantial or inadvertent failure which is remedied by the applicable 
Employer promptly after receipt of written notice from the Employee. Any 
termination for Good Reason shall be effective upon the Employee giving the 
Employers written notice that the Employee is terminating employment, and 
setting forth in reasonable detail the basis for such termination, and that 
such termination is for Good Reason. Any such termination shall be 
effective upon the giving of such notice by the Employee, provided, 
however, that if the Employee has not previously notified the Employers of 
the Good Reason event, the Employers shall have thirty (30) days to remedy 
it and, if the applicable Employer fails to remedy it, the termination 
shall be effective at the end of the 30-day period. Notwithstanding the 
above, the assignment to the Employee of any title or duties at the Bank or 
the Company that the Employee has previously held or performed at the Bank 
or the Company, shall not be sufficient to constitute Good Reason for 
termination of employment by the Employee.
 
10.4     Termination by Employee Without Good Reason. The Employee shall 
have the right at any time to terminate the Employee's employment with both 
Employers without Good Reason by giving the Employers written notice that 
the Employee is terminating employment. Any such termination shall be 
effective thirty (30) days after the giving of such notice by the Employee.
 
10.5     Obligation of Employers upon Termination without Cause or 
Employee's Termination with Good Reason Unrelated to a Change in Control. 
In the event that during the Employment Period, an Employer terminates the 
Employee's employment without Cause under Section 10.2, or the Employee 
terminates employment for Good Reason under Section 10.3; or the Employee's 
employment is terminated for any other reason except (i) for Cause under 
Section 10.1, (ii) without Good Reason under Section 10.4, (iii) for 
Disability or death pursuant to Section 9, and such termination is not 
related to a Change in Control; the Bank shall pay and provide to the 
Employee the following:
 
 
 
5
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
(a)     to the extent not previously paid, the Employee's Base Cash 
Compensation due through the effective date of the termination of 
employment, the cash equivalent of any accrued vacation days not taken as 
of such effective date (calculated based on the Employee's annual base 
salary attributable to each vacation day), and any out-of-pocket expenses 
for which the Employee is entitled to be reimbursed, and for which 
reimbursement has not yet been made; payable within ten (10) days of such 
effective date; plus
 
(b)     an amount equal to 150% of the Base Cash Compensation in effect as 
of the effective date of the termination of employment, payable in eighteen 
(18) substantially equal monthly installments commencing within thirty (30) 
days after the effective date of the termination of employment; plus
 
(c)     a pro rata share of any incentive compensation payable for the year 
in which the termination of employment occurred, payable in a lump sum at 
the same time that such incentive compensation is paid to other 
participants in the incentive compensation program; plus
 
(d)     coverage for the Employee and the Employee's dependents under the 
Bank's Life, Disability, and Medical Plans for the eighteen (18) month 
period commencing on the effective date of the termination of employment to 
the extent that the Bank may do so under the provisions of such plans, and 
to the extent that it is not permitted to do so shall pay the Employee an 
amount that will permit the Employee to obtain and pay for substantially 
equivalent coverage.
 
In addition, the Employee shall be entitled to all accrued rights under 
stock option, retirement, and other employee benefit plans of the Company 
and the Bank.
 
In order to receive the payments and benefits set forth in this Section 
10.5, the Employee must be and remain in compliance with the Non-Compete 
and Non-Solicitation Agreement and must execute and not revoke a general 
release of all claims against the Company, the Bank and their affiliates 
and subsidiaries and their respective owners, officers, directors, 
employees and agents, in the form attached to this Agreement as Exhibit B.
 
10.6     Obligation of Employers upon Termination without Cause or 
Employee's Termination with Good Reason in Connection with a Change in 
Control. In the event that during the Employment Period, an Employer 
terminates the Employee's employment without Cause under Section 10.2, or 
the Employee terminates employment for Good Reason under Section 10.3; or 
the Employee's employment is terminated for any other reason except (i) for 
Cause under Section 10.1, (ii) without Good Reason under Section 10.4, 
(iii) for Disability or death pursuant to Section 9, and such termination 
occurs within 24 months after a Change in Control (as defined in Exhibit 
C); the Bank shall pay and provide to the Employee the following:
 
(a)     to the extent not previously paid, the Employee's Base Cash 
Compensation due through the effective date of the termination of 
employment, the cash equivalent of any accrued vacation days not taken as 
of such effective date (calculated based on the Employee's annual base 
salary attributable to each vacation day), and any out-of-pocket expenses 
for which the Employee is entitled to be reimbursed, and for which 
reimbursement has not yet been made; payable within ten (10) days of such 
effective date; plus
 
 
 
6
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
(b)     an amount equal to 150% of the Base Cash Compensation in effect as 
of the effective date of the termination of employment, payable in a lump 
sum within fifteen (15) days after the effective date of the termination of 
employment; plus
 
(c)     a pro rata share of any incentive compensation payable for the year 
in which the termination of employment occurred, payable in a lump sum at 
the same time that such incentive compensation is paid to other 
participants in the incentive compensation program; plus
 
(d)     coverage for the Employee and the Employee's dependents under the 
Bank's Life, Disability, and Medical Plans for the eighteen (18) month 
period commencing on the effective date of the termination of employment to 
the extent that the Bank may do so under the provisions of such plans, and 
to the extent that it is not permitted to do so shall pay the Employee an 
amount that will permit the Employee to obtain and pay for substantially 
equivalent coverage.
 
In addition, the Employee shall be entitled to all accrued rights under 
stock option, retirement, and other employee benefit plans of the Company 
and the Bank.
 
In order to receive the payments and benefits set forth in this Section 
10.6, the Employee must be and remain in compliance with the Non-Compete 
and Non-Solicitation Agreement and must execute and not revoke a general 
release of all claims against the Company, the Bank and their affiliates 
and subsidiaries and their respective owners, officers, directors, 
employees and agents, in the form attached to this Agreement as Exhibit B.
 
10.7     Obligation of Employers upon Termination for Cause or by Employee 
without Good Reason. In the event that during the Employment Period, an 
Employer terminates the Employee's employment for Cause as provided for in 
Section 10.1, or the Employee terminates employment without Good Reason as 
permitted in Section 10.4, the Bank shall pay and provide to the Employee, 
to the extent not previously paid, the Employee's Base Cash Compensation 
due through the effective date of the termination of employment, plus the 
cash equivalent of any accrued vacation days not taken as of such effective 
date (calculated based on the Employee's annual base salary attributable to 
each vacation day), within ten (10) days of such effective date. In 
addition, the Employee shall be entitled to all accrued rights under stock 
option (except with respect to stock option plans, in the event of 
termination for Cause), retirement, and other employee benefit plans of the 
Company and the Bank.
 
10.8     No Other Obligations of Employers upon Termination. Upon 
termination of the Employee's employment, the Employers shall have no 
obligations to the Employee except as set forth in this Agreement, or 
accrued rights under stock option, retirement, or other employee benefit 
plans of the Bank or the Company.
 
10.9     Cooperation. The parties agree that certain matters in which the 
Employee will be involved during the Employment Period may necessitate the 
Employee's cooperation in the future. Accordingly, following the 
termination of the Employee's employment for any reason, to the extent 
reasonably requested by the Board of Directors of the Bank or the Company, 
the Employee shall cooperate with the applicable Employer in connection 
with matters arising out of the Employee's service to the applicable 
Employer; provided that, the Employers shall make reasonable efforts to 
minimize disruption of the Employee's other activities. The Bank shall 
reimburse the Employee for reasonable expenses incurred in connection with 
such cooperation and, to the extent that the Employee is required to spend 
substantial time on such matters, the Bank shall compensate the Employee at 
an hourly rate based on the Employee's Base Cash Compensation on the 
effective date of termination of employment.
 
 
 
7
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
11.     Delay in Severance Payments. If the Employee is a Specified 
Employee (as hereinafter defined) on the date of termination of employment, 
and if the severance payments set forth in Section 10.5(b) or 10.6(b) are 
"deferred compensation" under Code Section 409A, then the severance pay 
shall be payable as follows. No payments shall be made within six months 
after the Employee's termination of employment. On the first business day 
of the seventh month after the date on which termination of employment 
occurs, the Bank shall pay to the Employee an amount equal to the sum of 
seven (7) equal monthly installments payable under Section 10.5(b) or the 
lump sum payment payable under Section 10.6(b), as applicable. The 
remaining monthly installments payable under Section 10.5(b) shall be paid 
on the first business day of each month thereafter.
 
The Employee is a "Specified Employee" if the Employee is a "key employee" 
(as defined in Code Section 416(i) without regard to Code Section 
416(i)(5)) and the stock of the Bank or the Company is publicly traded on 
an established securities market or otherwise on the date of termination of 
employment. The Employee is a "key employee" during the period described 
below if the Employee is one of the following during the 12-month period 
ending on any December 31 (the "identification date"):
 
(a)     an officer of the Bank or the Company with annual compensation 
greater than $130,000 (as indexed pursuant to Code Section 416(i)(1) -- 
$170,000 for 2016), provided, that no more than 50 employees (or, if less, 
the greater of 3 employees or 10% of the employees) shall be treated as 
officers;
 
(b)     a five percent (5%) owner of the Bank or the Company; or
 
(c)     a one percent (1%) owner of the Bank or the Company with annual 
compensation of more than $150,000.
 
If the Employee is a "key employee" as of an identification date, the 
Employee is treated as a Specified Employee for the 12-month period 
beginning on the first day of the fourth month following the identification 
date.
 
12.     Deduction of Taxes and Adjustments re Code Section 280G. Each 
Employer may deduct from any amounts required to be paid to the Employee 
under this Agreement any amounts required to be withheld by the Employer 
pursuant to federal, state, or local law relating to taxes or related 
payroll deductions. In the event that any payments, distributions or 
benefits to or for the benefit of the Employee from the Bank or the 
Company, whether paid or payable, distributed or distributable, would 
constitute a "parachute payment", as defined in Section 280G of the 
Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, or any successors thereto (the "
Code"), payments under this Agreement shall be reduced to the largest 
amount that will eliminate both the imposition of the excise tax imposed by 
Section 4999 of the Code and the disallowance as deductions to the Company 
or the Bank under Section 280G of the Code of any such payments, 
distributions or benefits. The determination of any reduction in the 
payments under this Agreement pursuant to this paragraph shall be made by a 
major national or regional accounting firm selected by the Bank, whose 
determinations shall be conclusive and binding on the Employers and the 
Employee for all purposes. The Employers and the Employee shall furnish 
such accounting firm with such information and documents as the accounting 
firm may reasonably request in order to make its determinations under this 
Section 12. The Bank shall bear all costs the accounting firm may 
reasonably incur in connection with its services.
 
 
 
8
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
13.     Objection to Termination. The termination of the Employee's 
employment pursuant to this Agreement shall not preclude an Employer or the 
Employee from objecting to the basis asserted by the terminating party for 
such termination.
 
14.     Adjustment between the Company and the Bank. The Company and the 
Bank acknowledge that although the Employee is generally paid solely by the 
Bank, he also performs some services for the Company, and the Company pays 
the Bank periodically an amount necessary to reimburse the Bank for amounts 
paid to the Employee by the Bank for services actually rendered to the 
Company.
 
15.     Notices. Any notice required or permitted to be given under this 
Agreement shall be sufficient if in writing and if personally delivered or 
sent by registered or certified United States mail or by a nationally 
recognized overnight courier service, to the Employee's residence or the 
last address the Employee has provided in writing to the Employers, in the 
case of the Employee, or to its principal office in the case of an 
Employer. For purposes of this Agreement, notices shall be deemed given 
when received at the address or office specified in the preceding sentence.
 
16.     Waiver of Breach. No waiver by any party of any breach or 
non-performance of any provision or obligation of this Agreement shall be 
deemed to be a waiver of any preceding or succeeding breach of the same or 
any other provision of this Agreement.
 
17.     Assignment. This Agreement contemplates personal services by the 
Employee. Employee may not transfer or assign the Employee's rights or 
delegate Employee's duties and obligations under this Agreement. The rights 
and obligations of each Employer under this Agreement shall inure to the 
benefit of and shall be binding upon them and their successors and assigns. 
As used in this Agreement, the term "successor" shall include any person, 
firm, corporation, or other business entity which at any time whether by 
merger, purchase or otherwise acquires all or substantially all of the 
assets or business of an Employer.
 
18.     Entire Agreement and Regulatory Compliance. This instrument, 
together with the Non-Compete and Solicitation Agreement, contains the 
entire agreement of the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter 
hereof and supersedes all prior agreements or understandings between the 
parties hereto relating to the subject matter hereof. This Agreement may 
not be changed orally but only by an agreement in writing signed by the 
Employee and the Employers. Employee acknowledges that each of the 
Employers is subject to supervision and regulation by bank regulatory 
agencies. If, at the time any payment would otherwise be made to Employee 
under this Agreement, such payment is prohibited or limited by any 
applicable statute or regulation, including, without limitation, the 
Federal Deposit Insurance Act and 12 C.F.R. Part 359 (Golden Parachute and 
Indemnification Payments), or by order of any such bank regulatory agency, 
the amount of such payment shall be reduced to the largest amount, if any, 
that may be paid at such time consistently with such statute, regulation, 
or order. Employee agrees that compliance with any such statute, 
regulation, or order, including any resulting reduction or elimination of 
any payment specified under this Agreement, shall not constitute a breach 
of this Agreement by the Employers.
 
 
 
9
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
19.     Severability. If a court of competent jurisdiction determines that 
any one or more of the provisions of this Agreement is invalid, illegal or 
unenforceable in any respect, such determination shall not affect the 
validity, legality or enforceability of any other provision of this 
Agreement.
 
20.     Governing Law. This Agreement and the legal relations between the 
parties shall be subject to and governed by the internal laws (and not the 
law of conflicts) of the State of Michigan, with venue and jurisdiction 
limited to the Circuit Court for Kent County, Michigan.
 
21.     Section 409A. This Agreement is intended to be exempt from Section 
409A of the Code to the greatest extent possible, to comply with Section 
409A to the extent it is applicable and is to be interpreted and operated 
consistently with those intentions. To the extent that Section 409A applies 
to payments in the event of termination of employment under this Agreement, 
such payments shall be made only if the termination of employment is a 
"separation from service" within the meaning of Treas. Reg. Section 
1.409A-1(h).
 
22.     Paragraph Headings. The paragraph headings used in this Agreement 
are included solely for convenience and shall not affect or be used in 
connection with the interpretation of this Agreement
 
23.     Arbitration. Except as stated in the Non-Compete and 
Non-Solicitation Agreement, any dispute, controversy or claim arising under 
or in connection with this Agreement shall be settled exclusively by 
arbitration, conducted in Grand Rapids, Michigan, before a panel of three 
arbitrators, in accordance with the rules of the American Arbitration 
Association then in effect. Judgment may be entered on the arbitrators' 
award in any court having jurisdiction. Unless otherwise provided in the 
Rules of the American Arbitration Association, the arbitrators shall, in 
their award, allocate between the parties the arbitrators' fees and 
expense, in such proportions as the arbitrators deem just. Each party shall 
be responsible for their own attorneys' fees.
 
24.     Clawback. Any amounts payable under this Agreement are subject to 
any policy (whether in existence on the effective date of this Agreement or 
later adopted) established by the Company or the Bank providing for 
clawback or recovery of amounts that were paid to the Employee. The Company 
or the Bank will make any determination for clawback or recovery in its 
sole discretion and in accordance with any applicable law or regulation.
 
 
 
10
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
25.     Acknowledgement of Full Understanding. THE EMPLOYEE ACKNOWLEDGES 
AND AGREES THAT HE HAS FULLY READ, UNDERSTANDS AND VOLUNTARILY ENTERS INTO 
THIS AGREEMENT. THE EMPLOYEE ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT HE HAS HAD AN 
OPPORTUNITY TO ASK QUESTIONS AND CONSULT WITH AN ATTORNEY OF HIS CHOICE 
BEFORE SIGNING THIS AGREEMENT.
 
[Signatures on Following Page]
 
 
 
11
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
The parties have executed this Agreement as of the day and year first above 
written.
  
 
MERCANTILE BANK CORPORATION
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
By:
/s/ Robert B. Kaminski, Jr.
 
 
 
 
 
 
Its:
President
 
                    
 
 
MERCANTILE BANK OF MICHIGAN
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
By:
/s/ Robert B. Kaminski, Jr.
 
 
 
 
 
 
Its:
Chief Executive Officer 
 
 
 
 
EMPLOYEE
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  	
/s/ Robert T. Worthington
 
 
 
Robert T. Worthington
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
12
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
EXHIBIT A
 
NON-COMPETE AND NON-SOLICITATION AGREEMENT
 
 
 
13
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
EXHIBIT B
 
RELEASE OF ALL LIABILITY
 
This Release of All Liability Agreement ("Agreement") is entered into 
between Robert T. Worthington, Mercantile Bank Corporation (referred to as 
"Company") and Mercantile Bank of Michigan (referred to as "Bank"). The 
Company and the Bank are sometimes referred to collectively herein as the 
"Employers" and individually as an "Employer".
 
1.     In return for the payments and benefits described in the attached 
Employment Agreement, Employee unconditionally releases and forever 
discharges the Released Parties (as defined below) from any and all Covered 
Claims (as defined below).
 
  	
(a)
The Released Parties include the Company, the Bank, the Affiliates of each 
of the Company and the Bank, and all of their owners, officers, directors, 
employees and agents. The Affiliates of the Company and the Bank include 
the respective predecessors, successors, parents, subsidiaries and other 
affiliated organizations of each of the Company and the Bank.
        
  	
(b)
The Covered Claims include any claim or cause of action arising out of or 
relating to any act, omission or occurrence up to and including the date 
Employee signs this Agreement. This includes any claim or cause of action 
arising out of or relating to Employee's employment and termination of 
employment with the Employers, including claims and causes of action under 
any statute, regulation, ordinance or rule, including but not limited to: 
Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, the Age Discrimination in 
Employment Act of 1967, the Older Workers Benefit Protection Act, the 
Employee Retirement Income Security Act, the Americans with Disabilities 
Act, the Family and Medical Leave Act, the Michigan Civil Rights Act, the 
Michigan Whistleblowers' Protection Act and the Michigan Persons With 
Disabilities Civil Rights Act, all as amended. The Covered Claims also 
include any claim or cause of action for breach of any commitment or 
agreement (except the attached agreement), and any claim or cause of action 
under the common law or arising out of public policy, including but not 
limited to claims or causes of action for intentional infliction of 
emotional distress, negligence or defamation.
        
  	
(c)
Employee acknowledges that Employee is not seeking any short-term and/or 
long-term disability benefits and waives any and all claims to same.
        
  	
(d)
Covered Claims do not include Employee's rights to vested benefits under 
the terms of Bank's 401(k) qualified retirement plan. This Agreement does 
not prohibit Employee from filing a charge or participating in an 
investigation by the United States Equal Employment Opportunity Commission 
but by executing this Agreement, Employee waives and releases any right 
Employee might otherwise have to any recovery of damages, attorney fees or 
other monetary or equitable relief or benefit that might result from such 
charge or investigation.
 
 
 
14
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
2.     Employee agrees that, to Employee's knowledge, Employee has not 
sustained any disabling personal injury and/or occupational disease due to 
Employee's employment at the Employers and/or due to the termination of 
that employment.
 
3.     Employee verifies that Employee has or will immediately deliver to 
the Employers all property of each Employer in Employee's possession, 
custody and/or control, including, without limitation, all documents or 
recordings (including any and all copies) in hard copy, electronic form or 
otherwise, containing confidential information, as well as all supplies, 
equipment, computers, cellular and smart phones, credit cards, checks, 
petty cash, office keys, access cards and the like, and all materials and 
documents of any kind related to Company, Bank or any of their Affiliates, 
whether prepared by Employee or anyone else that is in Employee's 
possession, custody or control.
 
4.     Employee agrees not to initiate or join in critical or derogatory 
statements in written, oral or electronic form about any of the Released 
Parties.
 
5.     Employee agrees that none of Company, Bank or any of their 
Affiliates will have any obligation to employ Employee or consider Employee 
for employment in the future.
 
6.     Employee agrees and understands as follows:
 
  	
(a)
Employee has 21 days after receiving this Agreement to consider this 
Agreement. Employee may elect in Employee's sole discretion to sign this 
Agreement before expiration of the 21-day period and if Employee does so, 
it is agreed that Employee will waive the balance of the 21-day period. 
Immediately upon signing this Agreement, Employee will deliver the signed 
copy to Bank's Senior Vice President of Human Resources. If Employee does 
not sign this Agreement within the 21-day period, the Agreement is 
withdrawn by Employers and is null and void.
        
  	
(b)
Employee has the right to revoke this Agreement within 7 days after signing 
it, by delivering written notice of revocation to the Bank's Senior Vice 
President of Human Resources, and this Agreement will not become effective 
or enforceable until the 7-day revocation period has expired without 
revocation as provided above ("Effective Date").
        
  	
(c)
Employers advise Employee to consult with an attorney of Employee's choice 
about this Agreement before signing it.
 
7.     Except for Employee's Employment Agreement and Non-Compete and 
Non-Solicitation Agreement, this Agreement contains the entire 
understanding of the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and 
supersedes all prior agreements and understandings relating to the subject 
matter hereof. No change, modification, amendment, addition to or alleged 
waver of this Agreement or any of its terms, provisions or covenants shall 
be valid unless it is in writing and signed by the party against whom it is 
sought to be enforced.
 
 
 
15
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
8     Employee and Employers agree that this Agreement is not evidence of 
wrongdoing whatsoever by either Employer, but is entered into so that 
Employee and Employers can amicably end their relationship.
 
9.     If any term, covenant and/or provision of this Agreement is deemed 
invalid or illegal by a court of competent jurisdiction, all other terms, 
covenants and provisions of this Agreement shall remain in full force and 
effect.
 
10.     This Agreement and any matters relating hereto shall be construed 
in accordance with and shall be governed by the laws of the United States 
of America and the internal laws of the State of Michigan as applicable, 
without application of choice of law principles. The parties agree that any 
action related to this Agreement shall be brought and heard in the Circuit 
Court for Kent County, Michigan or the United States District Court for the 
Western District of Michigan and the parties agree and consent to 
jurisdiction and venue in those courts.
 
11.     This Agreement shall be binding on Employee and Employee's spouse, 
heirs, administrators and assigns.
 
 
 
16
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
  
12.     By signing below Employee freely, knowingly, and voluntarily enters 
into this Release of All Liability without any duress or coercion. Employee 
has carefully and completely read this entire Agreement, and Employee 
understands and agrees with all of the provisions in this Agreement.
 
 
MERCANTILE BANK CORPORATION
 
By: ___________________________________
 
Its: ___________________________________
 
Dated: ________________________________
 
 
MERCANTILE BANK OF MICHIGAN
 
By: ___________________________________
 
Its: ___________________________________
 
Dated: ________________________________
 
 
EMPLOYEE
 
__________________________________________
Robert T. Worthington
 
 
Dated: ____________________________________
  
 
 
17
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
EXHIBIT C
 
DEFINITION OF CHANGE IN CONTROL
 
"Change in Control" means that one or more of the following events have 
occurred with respect to a Responsible Corporation (as hereinafter 
defined):
 
(i)     Change in ownership of a Responsible Corporation. A change in 
ownership of a Responsible Corporation occurs on the date that any one 
person, or more than one person acting as a group, acquires ownership of 
stock of a Responsible Corporation that, together with stock held by such 
person or group, constitutes more than 50 percent of the total fair market 
value or total voting power of the stock of the Responsible Corporation. 
However, if any one person or more than one person acting as a group, is 
considered to own more than 50 percent of the total fair market value or 
total voting power of the stock of a Responsible Corporation, the 
acquisition of additional stock by the same person or persons is not 
considered to cause a change in the ownership of the Responsible 
Corporation (or to cause a change in the effective control of the 
Responsible Corporation (as defined in paragraph (ii)).
 
(ii)     Change in the effective control of a Responsible Corporation. A 
change in the effective control of a Responsible Corporation occurs on the 
date that either:
 
(A)     any one person, or more than one person acting as a group, acquires 
(or has acquired during the 12-month period ending on the date of the most 
recent acquisition by such person or persons) ownership of stock of the 
Responsible Corporation possessing 30 percent or more of the total voting 
power of the stock of the Responsible Corporation; or
 
(B)     a majority of members of the Responsible Corporation’s board of 
directors is replaced during any 12-month period by directors whose 
appointment or election is not endorsed by a majority of the members of the 
Responsible Corporation’s board of directors prior to the date of the 
appointment or election, provided, that for purposes of this paragraph, the 
term “Responsible Corporation” refers solely to the relevant corporation 
for which no other corporation is a majority shareholder.
 
If any one person, or more than one person acting as a group, is considered 
to effectively control a Responsible Corporation, the acquisition of 
additional control of such Responsible Corporation by the same person or 
persons is not considered to cause a change in the effective control of 
such Responsible Corporation (or to cause a change in the ownership of such 
Responsible Corporation within the meaning of paragraph (i)).
 
(iii)     Change in the ownership of a substantial portion of a Responsible 
Corporation’s assets. A change in the ownership of a substantial portion of 
a Responsible Corporation’s assets occurs on the date that any one person, 
or more than one person acting as a group, acquires (or has acquired during 
the 12-month period ending on the date of the most recent acquisition by 
such person or persons) assets from the Responsible Corporation that have a 
total gross fair market value equal to or more than 40 percent of the total 
gross fair market value of all of the assets of the Responsible Corporation 
immediately prior to such acquisition or acquisitions. For this purpose, 
gross fair market value means the value of the assets of a Responsible 
Corporation, or the value of the assets being disposed of, determined 
without regard to any liabilities associated with such assets. No Change in 
Control shall be deemed to occur under this paragraph (iii) when there is a 
transfer to:
 
 
 
18
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
(A)     a shareholder of the Responsible Corporation (immediately before 
the asset transfer) in exchange for or with respect to its stock;
 
(B)     any entity, 50 percent or more of the total value or voting power 
of which is owned, directly or indirectly, by the Responsible Corporation;
 
(C)     A person, or more than one person acting as a group, that owns, 
directly or indirectly, 50 percent or more of the total value or voting 
power of all the outstanding stock of the Responsible Corporation; or
 
(D)     An entity, at least 50 percent of the total value or voting power 
of which is owned, directly or directly, by a person described in 
subparagraph (C).
 
(iv)     For purposes of this Exhibit C, a “Responsible Corporation” shall 
mean:
 
(A)     the corporation for whom Employee is performing services at the 
time of the Change in Control event;
 
(B)     the corporation that is liable for the payment of benefits under 
this Agreement (or all corporations liable for payment if more than one 
corporation is liable) but only if either the benefits are attributable to 
the performance of service by Employee for such corporation or there is a 
bona fide business purpose for such corporation or corporations to be 
liable for such payment and, in either case, no significant purpose of 
making such corporation or corporations liable for such payment is the 
avoidance of Federal income tax; or
 
(C)     a corporation that is a majority shareholder of a corporation 
identified in (iv)(A) or (iv)(B) above, or any corporation in a chain of 
corporations in which each corporation is a majority shareholder of another 
corporation in the chain, ending in a corporation identified in (iv)(A) or 
(iv)(B) above.
 
(v)     The definition of "Change in Control" shall be construed and 
interpreted in accordance with Code Section 409A and regulations and other 
guidance of general applicability issued thereunder.
 
 
19