 EX-10.1 2 exhibit101.htm EXHIBIT101
Exhibit 10.1
 
 
ORANGEHOOK, INC.
2016 EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN

SECTION 1.
DEFINITIONS

As used herein, the following terms shall have the meanings indicated 
below:

(a)         "Administrator" shall mean the Board of Directors of the 
Company, or one or more Committees appointed by the Board of Directors, as 
the case may be.

(b)        "Affiliate(s)" shall mean a Parent or Subsidiary of the Company.

(c)         "Agreement" shall mean the written agreement entered into by 
the Participant and the Company evidencing the grant of an Award. Each 
Agreement shall be in such form as may be approved from time to time by the 
Administrator and may vary from Participant to Participant.

(d)         "Annual Award Limit" or "Annual Award Limits" shall have the 
meaning set forth in Section 6(c) of the Plan.

(e)         "Award" shall mean any grant pursuant to the Plan of an 
Incentive Stock Option, Nonqualified Stock Option, Restricted Stock Award, 
Restricted Stock Unit, Performance Award or Stock Appreciation Right.

(f)          "Change of Control" shall mean the occurrence, in a single 
transaction or in a series of related transactions, of any one or more of 
the events in subsections (i) through (iv) below. For purposes of this 
definition, a person, entity or group shall be deemed to "Own," to have "
Owned," to be the "Owner" of, or to have acquired "Ownership" of securities 
if such person, entity or group directly or indirectly, through any 
contract, arrangement, understanding, relationship or otherwise, has or 
shares Voting Power, which includes the power to vote or to direct the 
voting, with respect to such securities.

    (i)          Any person, entity or group becomes the Owner, directly or
    indirectly, of securities of the Company representing more than fifty
    percent (50%) of the combined Voting Power of the Company's then
    outstanding securities other than by virtue of a merger, consolidation,
    exchange, reorganization or similar transaction. Notwithstanding the
    foregoing, a Change of Control shall not be deemed to occur (A) on
    account of the acquisition of securities of the Company by an investor,
    any affiliate thereof or any other person, entity or group from the
    Company in a transaction or series of related transactions the primary
    purpose of which is to obtain financing for the Company through the
    issuance of equity securities or (B) solely because the level of
    Ownership held by any person, entity or group (the "Subject Person")
    exceeds the designated percentage threshold of the Voting Power as a
    result of a repurchase or other acquisition of voting securities by the
    Company reducing the number of shares outstanding, provided that if a
    Change of Control would occur (but for the operation of this sentence)
    as a result of the acquisition of voting securities by the Company, and
    after such share acquisition, the Subject Person becomes the Owner of
    any additional voting securities that, assuming the repurchase or other
    acquisition had not occurred, increases the percentage of the then
    outstanding voting securities Owned by the Subject Person over the
    designated percentage threshold, then a Change of Control shall be
    deemed to occur;

     

     

- 1 -

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 
 


    (ii)         There is consummated a merger, consolidation, exchange,
    reorganization or similar transaction involving (directly or
    indirectly) the Company and, immediately after the consummation of such
    merger, consolidation, exchange, reorganization or similar transaction,
    the shareholders of the Company immediately prior thereto do not Own,
    directly or indirectly, either (A) outstanding voting securities
    representing more than fifty percent (50%) of the combined outstanding
    Voting Power of the surviving entity in such merger, consolidation or
    similar transaction or (B) more than fifty percent (50%) of the
    combined outstanding Voting Power of the parent of the surviving entity
    in such merger, consolidation, exchange, reorganization or similar
    transaction, in each case in substantially the same proportions as
    their Ownership of the outstanding voting securities of the Company
    immediately prior to such transaction;

    (iii)        There is consummated a sale, lease, exclusive license or
    other disposition of all or substantially all of the total gross value
    of the consolidated assets of the Company and its subsidiaries, other
    than a sale, lease, license or other disposition of all or
    substantially all of the total gross value of the consolidated assets
    of the Company and its subsidiaries to an entity, more than fifty
    percent (50%) of the combined Voting Power of the voting securities of
    which are Owned by shareholders of the Company in substantially the
    same proportions as their Ownership of the outstanding voting
    securities of the Company immediately prior to such sale, lease,
    license or other disposition (for purposes of this Section 1(f)(iii),
    "gross value" means the value of the assets of the Company or the value
    of the assets being disposed of, as the case may be, determined without
    regard to any liabilities associated with such assets); or

    (iv)        Individuals who, at the beginning of any consecutive
    twelve-month period, are members of the Board (the "Incumbent Board")
    cease for any reason to constitute at least a majority of the members
    of the Board at any time during that consecutive twelve-month period;
    provided, however, that if the appointment or election (or nomination
    for election) of any new Board member was approved or recommended by a
    majority vote of the members of the Incumbent Board then still in
    office, such new member shall, for purposes of the Plan, be considered
    as a member of the Incumbent Board.

For the avoidance of doubt, the term "Change of Control" shall not include 
a sale of assets, merger or other transaction effected exclusively for the 
purpose of changing the domicile of the Company. To the extent required, 
the determination of whether a Change of Control has occurred shall be made 
in accordance with Code Section 409A and the regulations, notices and other 
guidance of general applicability issued thereunder.

(g)        "Close of Business" of a specified day shall mean 5:00 p.m., 
Central Time, without regard to whether such day is a Saturday, Sunday, 
bank holiday, or other day on which no business is conducted.

(h)        "Committee" shall mean a Committee of two or more Directors who 
shall be appointed by and serve at the pleasure of the Board. To the extent 
necessary for compliance with Rule 16b-3, each of the members of the 
Committee shall be a "non-employee director."  Solely for purposes of this 
Section 1(h), "non-employee director" shall have the same meaning as set 
forth in Rule 16b-3. Further, to the extent necessary for compliance with 
the limitations set forth in Internal Revenue Code Section 162(m), each of 
the members of the Committee shall be an "outside director" within the 
meaning of Code Section 162(m) and the regulations issued thereunder.

 

 

- 2 -

------------------------------------------------------------------------

 

 


(i)        "Common Stock" shall mean the common stock of the Company 
(subject to adjustment as provided in Section 15 of the Plan).

(j)        The "Company" shall mean OrangeHook, Inc., a Minnesota 
corporation.

(k)       "Consultant" shall mean any person, including an advisor, who is 
engaged by the Company or any Affiliate to render consulting or advisory 
services and is compensated for such services; provided, however, that no 
person shall be considered a Consultant for purposes of the Plan unless 
such Consultant is a natural person, renders bona fide services to the 
Company or any Affiliate, and such services are not in connection with the 
offer or sale of securities in a capital raising transaction and do not 
directly or indirectly promote or maintain a market for the Company's 
securities. For purposes of the Plan, "Consultant" shall also include a 
director of an Affiliate who is compensated for services as a director.

(l)        "Covered Employee" shall mean any key salaried Employee who is 
or may become a "Covered Employee," as defined in Code Section 162(m), and 
who is designated, either as an individual Employee or class of Employees, 
by the Administrator within the shorter of (i) ninety (90) days after the 
beginning of the Performance Period, or (ii) twenty-five percent (25%) of 
the Performance Period has elapsed, as a "Covered Employee" under the Plan 
for such applicable Performance Period.

(m)      "Director" shall mean a member of the Board of Directors of the 
Company.

(n)       "Effective Date" shall mean the date the Board of Directors of 
the Company approves the amendment and restatement of the Plan.

(o)       "Employee" shall mean a common law employee of the Company or any 
Affiliate, including "officers" as defined by Section 16 of the Exchange 
Act; provided, however, that service solely as a Director or Consultant, 
regardless of whether a fee is paid for such service, shall not cause a 
person to be an Employee for purposes of the Plan.

(p)       "Exchange Act" shall mean the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as 
amended, and the rules and regulations thereunder.

(q)       "Fair Market Value" of specified stock as of any date shall mean 
(i) if such stock is listed on the Nasdaq Global Select Market, Nasdaq 
Global Market, Nasdaq Capital Market or an established stock exchange, the 
price of such stock at the close of the regular trading session of such 
market or exchange on such date, as reported by Bloomberg or a comparable 
reporting service, or, if no sale of such stock shall have occurred on such 
date, on the next preceding date on which there was a sale of stock; (ii) 
if such stock is not so listed on the Nasdaq Global Select Market, Nasdaq 
Global Market, Nasdaq Capital Market, or an established stock exchange, the 
average of the closing "bid" and "asked" prices quoted by the OTC Bulletin 
Board, the National Quotation Bureau, or any comparable reporting service 
on such date or, if there are no quoted "bid" and "asked" prices on such 
date, on the next preceding date for which there are such quotes; or (iii) 
if such stock is not publicly traded as of such date, the per share value 
as determined by the Board or the Committee in its sole discretion by 
applying principles of valuation with respect to Common Stock.
 
 
 
 

- 3 -

------------------------------------------------------------------------

 

 

(r)       "Full Value Award" shall mean an Award that is settled by the 
issuance of shares of Common Stock, other than in the form of an Option or 
Stock Appreciation Right.

(s)       "Incentive Stock Option" shall mean an Option granted pursuant to 
Section 9 of the Plan that is intended to satisfy the provisions of Code 
Section 422, or any successor provision.

(t)       "Insider" shall mean an individual who is, on the relevant date, 
an officer or Director of the Company, or an individual who beneficially 
owns more than ten percent (10%) of any class of equity securities of the 
Company that is registered under Section 12 of the Exchange Act, as 
determined by the Board of Directors in accordance with Section 16 of the 
Exchange Act.

(u)       The "Internal Revenue Code" or "Code" shall mean the Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986, as amended from time to time. References to sections 
of the Code are intended to include applicable treasury regulations and 
successor statutes and regulations.

(v)       "Option" shall mean an Incentive Stock Option or Nonqualified 
Stock Option granted pursuant to the Plan.

(w)       "Nonqualified Stock Option" shall mean an Option granted pursuant 
to Section 10 of the Plan or an Option (or portion thereof) that does not 
qualify as an Incentive Stock Option.

(x)       "Parent" shall mean any parent corporation of the Company within 
the meaning of Code Section 424(e), or any successor provision.

(y)       "Participant" shall mean an Employee to whom an Incentive Stock 
Option has been granted or an Employee, a Director, or a Consultant to whom 
a Nonqualified Stock Option, Restricted Stock Award, Restricted Stock Unit, 
Performance Award or Stock Appreciation Right has been granted.

(z)       "Performance Award" shall mean any Performance Shares or 
Performance Units Award granted pursuant to Section 13 of the Plan.

(aa)     "Performance-Based Compensation" shall mean compensation under an 
Award that is intended to satisfy the requirements of Code Section 162(m) 
for certain performance-based compensation paid to Covered Employees. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing in the Plan shall be construed to 
mean that an Award which does not satisfy the requirements for 
performance-based compensation under Code Section 162(m) does not 
constitute performance-based compensation for other purposes, including 
Code Section 409A.
 
 
 

- 4 -

------------------------------------------------------------------------

 

 

(bb)      "Performance Objective(s)" shall mean one or more performance 
objectives established by the Administrator, in its sole discretion, for 
Awards granted under this Plan, including Performance Awards to Covered 
Employees that are intended to qualify as Performance-Based Compensation. 
For any Awards that are intended to qualify as "performance-based 
compensation" under Code Section 162(m), the Performance Objectives shall 
be limited to any one, or a combination of the following criteria: (i) 
revenue or net sales, (ii) operating income, (iii) net income (before or 
after taxes), (iv) earnings per share, (v) earnings before or after taxes, 
interest, depreciation and/or amortization, (vi) gross profit margin, (vii) 
return measures (including, but not limited to, return on invested capital, 
assets, capital, equity, sales), (viii) increase in revenue or net sales, 
(ix) operating expense ratios, (x) operating expense targets, (xi) 
productivity ratios, (xii) gross or operating margins, (xiii) cash flow 
(including, but not limited to, operating cash flow, free cash flow, cash 
flow return on equity and cash flow return on investment), (xiv) working 
capital targets, (xv) capital expenditures, (xvi) share price (including, 
but not limited to, growth measures and total shareholder return), (xvii) 
appreciation in the fair market value or book value of the Common Stock, 
(xviii) debt to equity ratio or debt levels, and (xix) market share, in all 
cases including, if selected by the Administrator, threshold, target and 
maximum levels.

(cc)      "Performance Period" shall mean the period, established at the 
time any Award is granted or at any time thereafter, during which any 
Performance Objectives specified by the Administrator with respect to such 
Award are to be measured.

(dd)      "Performance Share" shall mean any grant pursuant to Section 13 
hereof of an Award, which value, if any, shall be paid to a Participant by 
delivery of shares of Common Stock of the Company upon achievement of such 
Performance Objectives during the Performance Period as the Administrator 
shall establish at the time of such grant or thereafter.

(ee)      "Performance Unit" shall mean any grant pursuant to Section 13 
hereof of an Award, which value, if any, shall be paid to a Participant by 
delivery of cash upon achievement of such Performance Objectives during the 
Performance Period as the Administrator shall establish at the time of such 
grant or thereafter.

(ff)       "Plan" means the OrangeHook, Inc. 2016 Equity Incentive Plan, as 
amended hereafter from time to time, including the form of Agreements as 
they may be modified by the Administrator from time to time.

(gg)      "Restricted Stock Award" shall mean any grant of restricted 
shares of Common Stock pursuant to Section 11 of the Plan.

(hh)      "Restricted Stock Unit" shall mean any grant of any restricted 
stock units pursuant to Section 12 of the Plan.

(ii) "Rule 16b-3" shall mean Rule 16b-3, or any successor provision, as 
then in effect, of the General Rules and Regulations under the Exchange 
Act.
 
 
 
 

- 5 -

------------------------------------------------------------------------

 

 

(jj)        "Stock Appreciation Right" shall mean a grant pursuant to 
Section 14 of the Plan.

(kk)      A "Subsidiary" shall mean any subsidiary corporation of the 
Company within the meaning of Code Section 424(f), or any successor 
provision.

(ll)        "Voting Power" shall mean any and all classes of securities 
issued by the applicable entity which are entitled to vote in the election 
of directors of the applicable entity.

SECTION 2.
PURPOSE

The purpose of the Plan is to promote the success of the Company and its 
Affiliates by facilitating the employment and retention of competent 
personnel and by furnishing incentives to those Employees, Directors, and 
Consultants upon whose efforts the success of the Company and its 
Affiliates will depend to a large degree. It is the intention of the 
Company to carry out the Plan through the granting of Incentive Stock 
Options, Nonqualified Stock Options, Restricted Stock Awards, Restricted 
Stock Units, Performance Awards and Stock Appreciation Rights.

SECTION 3.
EFFECTIVE DATE AND DURATION OF PLAN

The Plan shall be effective on the Effective Date; provided, however, that 
adoption of the Plan shall be and is expressly subject to the condition of 
approval by the shareholders of the Company within twelve (12) months 
before or after the Effective Date. However, Awards may be granted prior to 
the date the Plan is approved by the shareholders of the Company; provided 
that any Incentive Stock Options granted after the Effective Date shall be 
treated as Nonqualified Stock Options if shareholder approval is not 
obtained within such twelve-month period.

The Administrator may grant Awards pursuant to the Plan from time to time 
until the Administrator discontinues or terminates the Plan; provided, 
however, that in no event may Incentive Stock Options be granted pursuant 
to the Plan after the earlier of (i) the date the Administrator 
discontinues or terminates the Plan, or (ii) the Close of Business on the 
day immediately preceding the tenth anniversary of the Effective Date.

SECTION 4.
ADMINISTRATION

(a)        Administration by the Board of Directors or Committee(s). The 
Plan shall be administered by the Board of Directors of the Company 
(hereinafter referred to as the "Board"); provided, however, that the Board 
may delegate some or all of the administration of the Plan to a Committee 
or Committees. The Board and any Committee appointed by the Board to 
administer the Plan are collectively referred to in the Plan as the "
Administrator."
 
 
 
 

- 6 -

------------------------------------------------------------------------

 

 

(b)        Delegation by Administrator. The Administrator may delegate to 
one or more Committees and/or sub-Committees, or to one or more officers of 
the Company and/or its Affiliates, or to one or more agents and/or 
advisors, such administrative duties or powers as it may deem advisable. 
The Administrator or any Committees or individuals to whom it has delegated 
duties or powers as aforesaid may employ one or more individuals to render 
advice with respect to any responsibility of the Administrator or such 
Committees or individuals may have under the Plan. The Administrator may, 
by resolution, authorize one or more officers of the Company to do one or 
both of the following on the same basis as can the Administrator: (i) 
designate Employees to be recipients of Awards and (ii) determine the size 
of any such Awards; provided, however, (x) the Committee shall not delegate 
such responsibilities to any such officer for Awards granted to an Employee 
who is considered an Insider; (y) the resolution providing such 
authorization sets forth the total number of Awards such officer(s) may 
grant; and (z) the officer(s) shall report periodically to the 
Administrator regarding the nature and scope of the Awards granted pursuant 
to the authority delegated.

(c)        Powers of Administrator. Except as otherwise provided herein, 
the Administrator shall have all of the powers vested in it under the 
provisions of the Plan, including but not limited to exclusive authority to 
determine, in its sole discretion, whether an Award shall be granted; the 
individuals to whom, and the time or times at which, Awards shall be 
granted; the number of shares subject to each Award; the exercise price of 
Options granted hereunder; and the performance criteria, if any, and any 
other terms and conditions of each Award. The Administrator shall have full 
power and authority to administer and interpret the Plan, to make and amend 
rules, regulations and guidelines for administering the Plan, to prescribe 
the form and conditions of the respective Agreements evidencing each Award 
(which may vary from Participant to Participant), to amend or revise 
Agreements evidencing any Award (to the extent the amended terms would be 
permitted by the Plan and provided that no such revision or amendment, 
except as is authorized in Section 15, shall impair the terms and 
conditions of any Award which is outstanding on the date of such revision 
or amendment to the material detriment of the Participant in the absence of 
the consent of the Participant), and to make all other determinations 
necessary or advisable for the administration of the Plan (including to 
correct any defect, omission or inconsistency in the Plan or any Agreement, 
to the extent permitted by law and the Plan). The Administrator's 
interpretation of the Plan, and all actions taken and determinations made 
by the Administrator pursuant to the power vested in it hereunder, shall be 
conclusive and binding on all parties concerned.

(d)        Limitation on Liability; Actions of Committees. No member of the 
Board or a Committee shall be liable for any action taken or determination 
made in good faith in connection with the administration of the Plan. In 
the event the Board appoints a Committee as provided hereunder, or the 
Administrator delegates any of its duties to another Committee or 
sub-Committee, any action of such Committee with respect to the 
administration of the Plan shall be taken pursuant to a majority vote of 
the Committee members or pursuant to the written resolution of all 
Committee members.
 
 
 
 

- 7 -

------------------------------------------------------------------------




SECTION 5.
PARTICIPANTS

The Administrator may grant Awards under the Plan to any Employee, 
Director, or Consultant; provided, however, that only Employees are 
eligible to receive Incentive Stock Options. In designating Participants, 
the Administrator shall also determine the number of shares or cash units 
to be optioned or awarded to each such Participant and any Performance 
Objectives applicable to Awards. The Administrator may from time to time 
designate individuals as being ineligible to participate in the Plan. The 
power of the Administrator under this Section 5 shall be exercised from 
time to time in the sole discretion of the Administrator and without 
approval by the shareholders.

SECTION 6.
STOCK

(a)        Number of Shares Reserved. The stock to be awarded or optioned 
under the Plan (the "Share Authorization") shall consist of authorized but 
unissued or reacquired shares of Common Stock. Subject to Section 15 of the 
Plan, the maximum aggregate number of shares of Common Stock reserved and 
available for Awards under the Plan is reserved and available for Awards 
under the Plan is two million (2,000,000) shares; provided, however, that 
all shares of Stock reserved and available under the Plan shall constitute 
the maximum aggregate number of shares of Stock that may be issued through 
Incentive Stock Options.

(b)        Share Usage. The following shares of Common Stock shall not 
reduce the Share Authorization and shall continue to be reserved and 
available for Awards granted pursuant to the Plan: (i) all or any portion 
of any outstanding Restricted Stock Award or Restricted Stock Unit that 
expires or is forfeited for any reason, or that is terminated prior to the 
vesting or lapsing of the risks of forfeiture on such Award, and (ii) 
shares of Common Stock covered by an Award to the extent the Award is 
settled in cash; provided, however, that the full number of shares of 
Common Stock subject to a Stock Appreciation Right shall reduce the Share 
Authorization, whether such Stock Appreciation Right is settled in cash or 
shares of Common Stock.  Any shares of Common Stock withheld to satisfy tax 
withholding obligations on an Award, shares of Common Stock withheld to pay 
the exercise price of an Option, and shares of Common Stock subject to a 
broker-assisted cashless exercise of an Option shall reduce the Share 
Authorization.

(c)        Annual Award Limits. Unless and until the Administrator 
determines that an Award to a Covered Employee shall not be 
Performance-Based Compensation, the following limits (each, an "Annual 
Award Limit," and collectively, "Annual Award Limits") shall apply to 
grants of such Awards under the Plan:

    (i)        Options and Stock Appreciation Rights. The maximum number of
    shares of Common Stock subject to Options granted and shares of Common
    Stock subject to Stock Appreciation Rights granted in any one calendar
    year to any one Participant shall be, in the aggregate, five hundred
    thousand (500,000) shares, subject to adjustment as provided in Section
    15.

     

     

- 8 -

------------------------------------------------------------------------

 

 


    (ii)      Restricted Stock Awards and Restricted Stock Units. The
    maximum grant with respect Restricted Stock Awards and Restricted Stock
    Units in any one calendar year to any one Participant shall be, in the
    aggregate, five hundred thousand (500,000) shares,  subject to
    adjustment as provided in Section 15.

    (iii)     Performance Awards. To the extent payable in or measured by
    the value of shares of Stock, in no event shall a Participant be
    granted Performance Awards during any fiscal year of the Company
    covering in the aggregate more than zero (0) shares, subject to
    adjustment as provided in Section 15.


SECTION 7.
PERFORMANCE OBJECTIVES

(a)        Performance Objectives.  Any Performance Objective may be used 
to measure the performance of the Company and/or Affiliate, as a whole or 
with respect to any business unit, or any combination thereof as the 
Administrator may deem appropriate, or any of the specified Performance 
Objectives as compared to the performance of a group of competitor 
companies, or published or special index that the Administrator, in its 
sole discretion, deems appropriate. The Administrator also has the 
authority to provide for accelerated vesting of any Award based on the 
achievement of performance goals pursuant to the Performance Objectives; 
provided, however, that such authority shall be subject to Code Section 
162(m) with respect to Awards intended to qualify as Performance-Based 
Compensation.

(b)        Evaluation of Performance Objectives. The Administrator may 
provide in any Award based on Performance Objectives that any evaluation of 
performance may include or exclude any of the following events that occurs 
during a Performance Period: (i) asset write-downs, (ii) litigation or 
claim judgments or settlements, (iii) the effect of changes in tax laws, 
accounting principles, or other laws or provisions affecting reported 
results, (iv) any reorganization and restructuring programs, (v) 
extraordinary nonrecurring items as described in FASB Accounting Standards 
Codification 225-20—Extraordinary and Unusual Items and/or in Management's 
Discussion and Analysis of financial condition and results of operations 
appearing in the Company's annual report to shareholders for the applicable 
year, (vi) acquisitions or divestitures, and (vii) foreign exchange gains 
and losses. To the extent such inclusions or exclusions affect Awards to 
Covered Employees, they shall be prescribed in a form that meets the 
requirements of Code Section 162(m) for deductibility.

(c)        Adjustment of Performance-Based Compensation. Awards that are 
intended to qualify as Performance-Based Compensation may not be adjusted 
upward. The Administrator shall retain the discretion to adjust such Awards 
downward, either on a formula or discretionary basis or any combination, as 
the Administrator determines.

(d)    Administrator Discretion.  In the event that applicable tax and/or 
securities laws change to permit Administrator discretion to alter the 
governing Performance Objectives without obtaining shareholder approval of 
such changes, the Administrator shall have sole discretion to make such 
changes without obtaining shareholder approval. In addition, in the event 
that the Administrator determines that it is advisable to grant Awards that 
shall not qualify as Performance-Based Compensation, the Administrator may 
make such grants without satisfying the requirements of Code Section 162(m) 
and, in such case, may apply performance objectives other than those set 
forth in this Section 7.
 
 
 
 

- 9 -

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 
 
SECTION 8.
PAYMENT OF OPTION EXERCISE PRICE

Upon the exercise of an Option, Participants may pay the exercise price of 
an Option (i) in cash, or with a personal check, certified check, or other 
cash equivalent, (ii) by the surrender by the Participant to the Company of 
previously acquired unencumbered shares of Common Stock (through physical 
delivery or attestation), (iii) through the withholding of shares of Common 
Stock from the number of shares otherwise issuable upon the exercise of the 
Option (e.g., a net share settlement), (iv) through broker-assisted 
cashless exercise if such exercise complies with applicable securities laws 
and any insider trading policy of the Company, (v) such other form of 
payment as may be authorized by the Administrator, or (vi) by a combination 
thereof. In the event the Participant elects to pay the exercise price, in 
whole or in part, with previously acquired shares of Common Stock or 
through a net share settlement, the then-current Fair Market Value of the 
stock delivered or withheld shall equal the total exercise price for the 
shares being purchased in such manner.

The Administrator may, in its sole discretion, limit the forms of payment 
available to the Participant and may exercise such discretion any time 
prior to the termination of the Option granted to the Participant or upon 
any exercise of the Option by the Participant. "Previously acquired shares 
of Common Stock" means shares of Common Stock which the Participant owns on 
the date of exercise (or for the period of time, if any, as may be required 
by generally accepted accounting principles or any successor principles 
applicable to the Company).

With respect to payment in the form of Common Stock, the Administrator may 
require advance approval or adopt such rules as it deems necessary to 
assure compliance with Rule 16b-3, if applicable.

SECTION 9.
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF INCENTIVE STOCK OPTIONS

Each Incentive Stock Option shall be evidenced by an Incentive Stock Option 
Agreement, which shall comply with and be subject to the following terms 
and conditions:

(a)        Number of Shares and Exercise Price. The Incentive Stock Option 
Agreement shall state the total number of shares covered by the Incentive 
Stock Option. Except as permitted by Code Section 424(a), or any successor 
provision, the exercise price per share shall not be less than one hundred 
percent (100%) of the per share Fair Market Value of the Common Stock on 
the date the Administrator grants the Incentive Stock Option; provided, 
however, that if a Participant owns stock possessing more than ten percent 
(10%) of the total combined Voting Power of all classes of stock of the 
Company or of its Parent or any Subsidiary, the exercise price per share of 
an Incentive Stock Option granted to such Participant shall not be less 
than one hundred ten percent (110%) of the per share Fair Market Value of 
Common Stock on the date of the grant of the Incentive Stock Option. The 
Administrator shall have full authority and discretion in establishing the 
exercise price and shall be fully protected in so doing.
 
 
 
 
 

- 10 -

------------------------------------------------------------------------

 

 

(b)        Exercisability and Term. The Incentive Stock Option Agreement 
shall state when the Incentive Stock Option becomes exercisable (i.e. 
"vests"), and, if applicable in the Administrator's discretion, shall 
describe the Performance Objectives and Performance Period upon which 
vesting is based, the manner in which performance shall be measured and the 
extent to which partial achievement of the Performance Objectives may 
result in vesting of the Option. The Participant may exercise the Incentive 
Stock Option, in full or in part, upon or after the vesting date of such 
Option (or portion thereof). Notwithstanding anything in the Plan or the 
Agreement to the contrary, the Participant may not exercise an Incentive 
Stock Option after the maximum term of such Option, as such term is 
specified in the Incentive Stock Option Agreement. Except as permitted by 
Code Section 424(a), in no event shall any Incentive Stock Option be 
exercisable during a term of more than ten (10) years after the date on 
which it is granted; provided, however, that if a Participant owns stock 
possessing more than ten percent (10%) of the total combined Voting Power 
of all classes of stock of the Company or of its Parent or any Subsidiary, 
the Incentive Stock Option granted to such Participant shall be exercisable 
during a term of not more than five (5) years after the date on which it is 
granted. The Administrator may accelerate the exercisability of any 
Incentive Stock Option granted hereunder which is not immediately 
exercisable as of the date of grant.

(c)        No Rights as Shareholder. A Participant (or the Participant's 
successors) shall have no rights as a shareholder with respect to any 
shares covered by an Incentive Stock Option until the date of the issuance 
of the Common Stock subject to such Award upon exercise, as evidenced by a 
stock certificate or as reflected in the books and records of the Company 
or its designated agent (i.e., a "book entry").  No adjustment shall be 
made for dividends (ordinary or extraordinary, whether in cash, securities 
or other property), distributions or other rights for which the record date 
is prior to the date such shares are actually issued (as evidenced in 
either certificated or book entry form).

(d)        Withholding. The Company or its Affiliate shall be entitled to 
withhold and deduct from any future payments to the Participant all legally 
required amounts necessary to satisfy any and all withholding and 
employment-related taxes attributable to the Participant's exercise of an 
Incentive Stock Option or a "disqualifying disposition" of shares acquired 
through the exercise of an Incentive Stock Option as defined in Code 
Section 421(b), to require the Participant to remit an amount sufficient to 
satisfy such withholding requirements, or to require any combination 
thereof. In the event the Participant is required under the Incentive Stock 
Option Agreement to pay the Company, or make arrangements satisfactory to 
the Company respecting payment of, such withholding and employment-related 
taxes, the Administrator may, in its sole discretion, require the 
Participant to satisfy such obligation, in whole or in part, by delivering 
shares of Common Stock or by electing to have the Company withhold shares 
of Common Stock otherwise issuable to the Participant as a result of the 
exercise of the Incentive Stock Option. Such shares shall have a Fair 
Market Value equal to the minimum required tax withholding, based on the 
minimum statutory withholding rates for federal and state tax purposes, 
including payroll taxes, that are applicable to the supplemental income 
resulting from such exercise or disqualifying disposition. In no event may 
the Participant deliver shares, nor may the Company or any Affiliate 
withhold shares, having a Fair Market Value in excess of such statutory 
minimum required tax withholding. The Participant's delivery of shares or 
the withholding of shares for this purpose shall occur on or before the 
later of (i) the date the Incentive Stock Option is exercised or the date 
of the disqualifying disposition, as the case may be, or (ii) the date that 
the amount of tax to be withheld is determined under applicable tax law.
 
 
 
 

- 11 -

------------------------------------------------------------------------

 

 

(e)        Vesting Limitation. Notwithstanding any other provision of the 
Plan, the aggregate Fair Market Value (determined as of the date an 
Incentive Stock Option is granted) of the shares of Common Stock with 
respect to which Incentive Stock Options are exercisable for the first time 
by a Participant during any calendar year (under the Plan and any other 
"incentive stock option" plans of the Company or any Affiliate shall not 
exceed $100,000 (or such other amount as may be prescribed by the Code from 
time to time); provided, however, that if the exercisability or vesting of 
an Incentive Stock Option is accelerated as permitted under the provisions 
of the Plan and such acceleration would result in a violation of the limit 
imposed by this Section 9(e), such acceleration shall be of full force and 
effect but the number of shares of Common Stock that exceed such limit 
shall be treated as having been granted pursuant to a Nonqualified Stock 
Option; and provided, further, that the limits imposed by this Section 9(e) 
shall be applied to all outstanding Incentive Stock Options under the Plan 
and any other "incentive stock option" plans of the Company or any 
Affiliate in chronological order according to the dates of grant.

(f)        Other Provisions. The Incentive Stock Option Agreement 
authorized under this Section 9 shall contain such other provisions as the 
Administrator shall deem advisable. Any such Incentive Stock Option 
Agreement shall contain such limitations and restrictions upon the exercise 
of the Incentive Stock Option as shall be necessary to ensure that such 
Incentive Stock Option will be considered an "incentive stock option" as 
defined in Code Section 422 or to conform to any change therein.

SECTION 10.
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF NONQUALIFIED STOCK OPTIONS

Each Nonqualified Stock Option shall be evidenced by a Nonqualified Stock 
Option Agreement, which shall comply with and be subject to the following 
terms and conditions:

(a)        Number of Shares and Exercise Price. The Nonqualified Stock 
Option Agreement shall state the total number of shares covered by the 
Nonqualified Stock Option. The exercise price per share shall be equal to 
one hundred percent (100%) of the per share Fair Market Value of the Common 
Stock on the date of grant of the Nonqualified Stock Option, or such higher 
price as the Administrator determines.

(b)        Exercisability and Term. The Nonqualified Stock Option Agreement 
shall state when the Nonqualified Stock Option becomes exercisable (i.e. 
"vests") and, if applicable in the Administrator's discretion, shall 
describe the Performance Objectives and Performance Period upon which 
vesting is based, the manner in which performance shall be measured and the 
extent to which partial achievement of the Performance Objectives may 
result in vesting of the Option. The Participant may exercise the 
Nonqualified Stock Option, in full or in part, upon or after the vesting 
date of such Option (or portion thereof); provided, however, that the 
Participant may not exercise a Nonqualified Stock Option after the maximum 
term of such Option, as such term is specified in the Nonqualified Stock 
Option Agreement. Unless otherwise determined by the Administrator and 
specified in the Agreement governing the Award, no Nonqualified Stock 
Option shall be exercisable during a term of more than ten (10) years after 
the date on which it is granted.  The Administrator may accelerate the 
exercisability of any Nonqualified Stock Option granted hereunder which is 
not immediately exercisable as of the date of grant.
 
 
 
 

- 12 -

------------------------------------------------------------------------

 

 

(c)        No Rights as Shareholder. A Participant (or the Participant's 
successors) shall have no rights as a shareholder with respect to any 
shares covered by a Nonqualified Stock Option until the date of the 
issuance of the Common Stock subject to such Award upon exercise, as 
evidenced by a stock certificate or as reflected in the books and records 
of the Company or its designated agent (i.e., a "book entry").  No 
adjustment shall be made for dividends (ordinary or extraordinary, whether 
in cash, securities or other property), distributions or other rights for 
which the record date is prior to the date such shares are actually issued 
(as evidenced in either certificated or book entry form).

(d)        Withholding. The Company or its Affiliate shall be entitled to 
withhold and deduct from any future payments to the Participant all legally 
required amounts necessary to satisfy any and all withholding and 
employment-related taxes attributable to the Participant's exercise of a 
Nonqualified Stock Option, to require the Participant to remit an amount 
sufficient to satisfy such withholding requirements, or to require any 
combination thereof. In the event the Participant is required under the 
Nonqualified Stock Option Agreement to pay the Company, or make 
arrangements satisfactory to the Company respecting payment of, such 
withholding and employment-related taxes, the Administrator may, in its 
sole discretion, require the Participant to satisfy such obligation, in 
whole or in part, by delivering shares of Common Stock or by electing to 
have the Company withhold shares of Common Stock otherwise issuable to the 
Participant as a result of the exercise of the Nonqualified Stock Option. 
Such shares shall have a Fair Market Value equal to the minimum required 
tax withholding, based on the minimum statutory withholding rates for 
federal and state tax purposes, including payroll taxes, that are 
applicable to the supplemental income resulting from such exercise. In no 
event may the Participant deliver shares, nor may the Company or any 
Affiliate withhold shares, having a Fair Market Value in excess of such 
statutory minimum required tax withholding. The Participant's delivery of 
shares or the withholding of shares for this purpose shall occur on or 
before the later of (i) the date the Nonqualified Stock Option is 
exercised, or (ii) the date that the amount of tax to be withheld is 
determined under applicable tax law.

(e)        Other Provisions. The Nonqualified Stock Option Agreement 
authorized under this Section 10 shall contain such other provisions as the 
Administrator shall deem advisable.

SECTION 11.
RESTRICTED STOCK AWARDS

Each Restricted Stock Award shall be evidenced by a Restricted Stock Award 
Agreement, which shall comply with and be subject to the following terms 
and conditions:

(a)        Number of Shares. The Restricted Stock Award Agreement shall 
state the total number of shares of Common Stock covered by the Restricted 
Stock Award.

(b)        Risks of Forfeiture. The Restricted Stock Award Agreement shall 
set forth the risks of forfeiture, if any, which shall apply to the shares 
of Common Stock covered by the Restricted Stock Award and the manner in 
which such risks of forfeiture shall lapse, including, if applicable in the 
Administrator's discretion, a description of the Performance Objectives and 
Performance Period upon which the lapse of risks of forfeiture is based, 
the manner in which performance shall be measured and the extent to which 
partial achievement of the Performance Objectives may result in lapse of 
risks of forfeiture. The Administrator may, in its sole discretion, modify 
the manner in which such risks of forfeiture shall lapse but only with 
respect to those shares of Common Stock which are restricted as of the 
effective date of the modification.
 
 
 
 

- 13 -

------------------------------------------------------------------------

 

 

(c)        Issuance of Shares; Rights as Shareholder. Except as provided 
below, the Company shall cause a stock certificate to be issued and shall 
deliver such certificate to the Participant or hold such certificate in a 
manner determined by the Administrator in its sole discretion; provided, 
however, that in lieu of a stock certificate, the Company may evidence the 
issuance of shares by a book entry in the records of the Company or its 
designated agent (if permitted by the Company's designated agent and 
applicable law, as determined by the Administrator in its sole discretion). 
The Company shall cause a legend or notation to be placed on such 
certificate or book entry describing the risks of forfeiture and other 
transfer restrictions set forth in the Participant's Restricted Stock Award 
Agreement and providing for the cancellation and, if applicable, return of 
such certificate or book entry if the shares of Common Stock subject to the 
Restricted Stock Award are forfeited.  Until the risks of forfeiture have 
lapsed or the shares subject to such Restricted Stock Award have been 
forfeited, the Participant shall be entitled to vote the shares of Common 
Stock represented by such stock certificates and shall receive all 
dividends attributable to such shares, but the Participant shall not have 
any other rights as a shareholder with respect to such shares.

(d)        Withholding Taxes. The Company or its Affiliate shall be 
entitled to withhold and deduct from any future payments to the Participant 
all legally required amounts necessary to satisfy any and all withholding 
and employment-related taxes attributable to the Participant's Restricted 
Stock Award, to require the Participant to remit an amount sufficient to 
satisfy such withholding requirements, or to require any combination 
thereof. In the event the Participant is required under the Restricted 
Stock Award Agreement to pay the Company, or make arrangements satisfactory 
to the Company respecting payment of, such withholding and 
employment-related taxes, the Administrator may, in its sole discretion, 
require the Participant to satisfy such obligations, in whole or in part, 
by delivering shares of Common Stock, including shares of Common Stock 
received pursuant to the Restricted Stock Award on which the risks of 
forfeiture have lapsed. Such shares shall have a Fair Market Value equal to 
the minimum required tax withholding, based on the minimum statutory 
withholding rates for federal and state tax purposes, including payroll 
taxes, that are applicable to the supplemental income resulting from the 
lapsing of the risks of forfeiture on such Restricted Stock Award. In no 
event may the Participant deliver shares having a Fair Market Value in 
excess of such statutory minimum required tax withholding. The 
Participant's delivery of shares shall occur on or before the date that the 
amount of tax to be withheld is determined under applicable tax law.

(e)        Other Provisions. The Restricted Stock Award Agreement 
authorized under this Section 11 shall contain such other provisions as the 
Administrator shall deem advisable.

SECTION 12.
RESTRICTED STOCK UNITS

Each Restricted Stock Unit shall be evidenced by a Restricted Stock Unit 
Agreement, which shall comply with and be subject to the following terms 
and conditions:

(a)        Number of Shares. The Restricted Stock Unit Agreement shall 
state the total number of shares of Common Stock covered by the Restricted 
Stock Unit.
 
 
 
 

- 14 -

------------------------------------------------------------------------

 

 

(b)        Vesting. The Restricted Stock Unit Agreement shall set forth the 
vesting conditions, if any, which shall apply to the Restricted Stock Unit 
and the manner in which such vesting may occur, including, if applicable in 
the Administrator's discretion, a description of the Performance Objectives 
and Performance Period upon which vesting is based, the manner in which 
performance shall be measured and the extent to which partial achievement 
of the Performance Objectives may result in vesting of the Restricted Stock 
Unit. The Administrator may, in its sole discretion, accelerate the vesting 
of any Restricted Stock Unit.

(c)        Issuance of Shares; Rights as Shareholder. The Participant shall 
be entitled to payment of the Restricted Stock Unit as the units subject to 
such Award vest. The Administrator may, in its sole discretion, pay 
Restricted Stock Units in shares of Common Stock, cash in an amount equal 
to the Fair Market Value, on the date of payment, of the number of shares 
of Common Stock underlying the Award that have vested on the applicable 
payment date, or any combination thereof, as specified in the Restricted 
Stock Unit Agreement. If payment is made in shares of Common Stock, the 
Administrator shall cause to be issued one or more stock certificates in 
the Participant's name and shall deliver such certificates to the 
Participant in satisfaction of such units; provided, however, that in lieu 
of stock certificates, the Company may evidence such shares by a book entry 
in the records of the Company or its designated agent (if permitted by the 
Company's designated agent and applicable law, as determined by the 
Administrator in its sole discretion). Until the units subject to the 
Restricted Stock Unit have vested, the Participant shall not be entitled to 
vote any shares of Common Stock which may be acquired through the Award, 
shall not receive any dividends attributable to such shares, and shall not 
have any other rights as a shareholder with respect to such shares.

(d)        Withholding Taxes. The Company or its Affiliate shall be 
entitled to withhold and deduct from any future payments to the Participant 
all legally required amounts necessary to satisfy any and all withholding 
and employment-related taxes attributable to the Participant's Restricted 
Stock Unit, to require the Participant to remit an amount sufficient to 
satisfy such withholding requirements, or to require any combination 
thereof. In the event the Participant is required under the Restricted 
Stock Unit Agreement to pay the Company, or make arrangements satisfactory 
to the Company respecting payment of, such withholding and 
employment-related taxes, the Administrator may, in its sole discretion, 
require the Participant to satisfy such obligations, in whole or in part, 
by delivering shares of Common Stock, including shares of Common Stock 
received pursuant to the Restricted Stock Unit. Such shares shall have a 
Fair Market Value equal to the minimum required tax withholding, based on 
the minimum statutory withholding rates for federal and state tax purposes, 
including payroll taxes, that are applicable to the supplemental income 
resulting from the payment of such Restricted Stock Unit. In no event may 
the Participant deliver shares having a Fair Market Value in excess of such 
statutory minimum required tax withholding. The Participant's delivery of 
shares for this purpose shall occur on or before the date that the amount 
of tax to be withheld is determined under applicable tax law.
 
(e)        Other Provisions. The Restricted Stock Unit Agreement authorized 
under this Section 12 shall contain such other provisions as the 
Administrator shall deem advisable.
 
 
 
 

- 15 -

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 
 
SECTION 13.
PERFORMANCE AWARDS

Each Performance Award granted pursuant to this Section 13 shall be 
evidenced by a written performance award agreement (the "Performance Award 
Agreement").  The Performance Award Agreement shall be in such form as may 
be approved from time to time by the Administrator and may vary from 
Participant to Participant; provided, however, that each Participant and 
each Performance Award Agreement shall comply with and be subject to the 
following terms and conditions:

(a)        Awards.  Performance Awards in the form of Performance Units or 
Performance Shares may be granted to any Participant in the Plan. 
Performance Units shall consist of monetary awards which may be earned or 
become vested in whole or in part if the Company or the Participant 
achieves certain Performance Objectives established by the Administrator 
over a specified Performance Period.  Performance Shares shall consist of 
shares of Stock or other Awards denominated in shares of Stock that may be 
earned or become vested in whole or in part if the Company or the 
Participant achieves certain Performance Objectives established by the 
Administrator over a specified Performance Period.

(b)        Performance Objectives, Performance Period and Payment.  The 
Performance Award Agreement shall set forth:

(i)         the number of Performance Units or Performance Shares subject 
to the Performance Award, and the dollar value of each Performance Unit;

(ii)        one or more Performance Objectives established by the 
Administrator;

(iii)       the Performance Period over which Performance Units or 
Performance Shares may be earned or may become vested;

(iv)       the extent to which partial achievement of the Performance 
Objectives may result in a payment or vesting of the Performance Award, as 
determined by the Administrator; and

(v)        the date upon which payment of Performance Units will be made or 
Performance Shares will be issued, as the case may be, and the extent to 
which such payment or the receipt of such Performance Shares or Performance 
Units may be deferred.
 
 
 
 

- 16 -

------------------------------------------------------------------------

 

 

(c)        Withholding Taxes.  The Company or its Affiliates shall be 
entitled to withhold and deduct from future wages of the Participant all 
legally required amounts necessary to satisfy any and all withholding and 
employment-related taxes attributable to the Participant's Performance 
Award.  In the event the Participant is required under the Performance 
Award Agreement to pay the Company or its Affiliates, or make arrangements 
satisfactory to the Company or its Affiliates respecting payment of, such 
withholding and employment-related taxes, the Administrator may, in its 
discretion and pursuant to such rules as it may adopt, permit the 
Participant to satisfy such obligations, in whole or in part, by delivering 
shares of Common Stock, including shares of Stock received pursuant to the 
Performance Award.  Such shares shall have a Fair Market Value equal to the 
minimum required tax withholding, based on the minimum statutory 
withholding rates for federal and state tax purposes, including payroll 
taxes.  In no event may the Participant deliver shares having a Fair Market 
Value in excess of such statutory minimum required tax withholding.  The 
Participant's election to deliver shares of Common Stock for this purpose 
shall be made on or before the date that the amount of tax to be withheld 
is determined under applicable tax law.  Such election shall be approved by 
the Administrator and otherwise comply with such rules as the Administrator 
may adopt to assure compliance with Rule 16b‑3, or any successor provision, 
as then in effect, of the General Rules and Regulations under the Exchange 
Act, if applicable.

(d)        Nontransferability.  No Performance Award shall be transferable, 
in whole or in part, by the Participant, other than by will or by the laws 
of descent and distribution.  If the Participant shall attempt any transfer 
of any Performance Award granted under the Plan, such transfer shall be 
void and the Performance Award shall terminate.

(e)        No Rights as Shareholder.  A Participant (or the Participant's 
successor or successors) shall have no rights as a shareholder with respect 
to any shares covered by a Performance Award until the date of the issuance 
of a stock certificate evidencing such shares.  No adjustment shall be made 
for dividends (ordinary or extraordinary, whether in cash, securities or 
other property), distributions or other rights for which the record date is 
prior to the date such stock certificate is actually issued (except as 
otherwise provided in Section 14 of the Plan).

(f)        Other Provisions.  The Performance Award Agreement authorized 
under this Section 12 shall contain such other provisions as the 
Administrator shall deem advisable.


SECTION 14.
STOCK APPRECIATION RIGHTS

Each Stock Appreciation Right shall be evidenced by a Stock Appreciation 
Right Agreement, which shall comply with and be subject to the following 
terms and conditions:

 
 
 
 

- 17 -

------------------------------------------------------------------------

 

 
 
(a)        Awards. A Stock Appreciation Right shall entitle the Participant 
to receive, upon exercise, cash, shares of Common Stock, or any combination 
thereof, having a value equal to the excess of (i) the Fair Market Value of 
a specified number of shares of Common Stock on the date of such exercise, 
over (ii) a specified exercise price. The number of shares and the exercise 
price of the Stock Appreciation Right shall be determined by the 
Administrator on the date of grant. The specified exercise price shall be 
equal to 100% of the Fair Market Value of such shares of Common Stock on 
the date of grant of the Stock Appreciation Right, or such higher price as 
the Administrator determines. A Stock Appreciation Right may be granted 
independent of or in tandem with a previously or contemporaneously granted 
Option.

(b)        Exercisability and Term. The Stock Appreciation Right Agreement 
shall state when the Stock Appreciation Right becomes exercisable (i.e., 
"vests") and, if applicable in the Administrator's discretion, shall 
describe the Performance Objectives and Performance Period upon which 
vesting is based, the manner in which performance shall be measured and the 
extent to which partial achievement of the Performance Objectives may 
result in vesting of the Stock Appreciation Right. The Participant may 
exercise the Stock Appreciation Right, in full or in part, upon or after 
the vesting date of such Stock Appreciation Right (or portion thereof); 
provided, however, that the Participant may not exercise a Stock 
Appreciation Right after the maximum term of such Stock Appreciation Right, 
as such term is specified in the Stock Appreciation Right Agreement. Unless 
otherwise determined by the Administrator and specified in the Agreement 
governing the Award, no Stock Appreciation Right shall be exercisable 
during a term of more than ten (10) years after the date on which it is 
granted.

The Administrator may accelerate the exercisability of any Stock 
Appreciation Right granted hereunder which is not immediately exercisable 
as of the date of grant. If a Stock Appreciation Right is granted in tandem 
with an Option, the Stock Appreciation Right Agreement shall set forth the 
extent to which the exercise of all or a portion of the Stock Appreciation 
Right shall cancel a corresponding portion of the Option, and the extent to 
which the exercise of all or a portion of the Option shall cancel a 
corresponding portion of the Stock Appreciation Right.

(c)        Withholding Taxes. The Company or its Affiliate shall be 
entitled to withhold and deduct from any future payments to the Participant 
all legally required amounts necessary to satisfy any and all withholding 
and employment-related taxes attributable to the Participant's Stock 
Appreciation Right, to require the Participant to remit an amount 
sufficient to satisfy such withholding requirements, or to require any 
combination thereof. In the event the Participant is required under the 
Stock Appreciation Right to pay the Company or its Affiliate, or make 
arrangements satisfactory to the Company or its Affiliate respecting 
payment of, such withholding and employment-related taxes, the 
Administrator may, in its sole discretion, require the Participant to 
satisfy such obligation, in whole or in part, by delivering shares of 
Common Stock or by electing to have the Company withhold shares of Common 
Stock otherwise issuable to the Participant as a result of the exercise of 
the Stock Appreciation Right. Such shares shall have a Fair Market Value 
equal to the minimum required tax withholding, based on the minimum 
statutory withholding rates for federal and state tax purposes, including 
payroll taxes, that are applicable to the supplemental income resulting 
from such exercise. In no event may the Participant deliver shares, nor may 
the Company or any Affiliate withhold shares, having a Fair Market Value in 
excess of such statutory minimum required tax withholding. The 
Participant's delivery of shares or the withholding of shares for this 
purpose shall occur on or before the later of (i) the date the Stock 
Appreciation Right is exercised, or (ii) the date that the amount of tax to 
be withheld is determined under applicable tax law.

(d)        No Rights as Shareholder. A Participant (or the Participant's 
successors) shall have no rights as a shareholder with respect to any 
shares covered by a Stock Appreciation Right until the date of the issuance 
of a stock certificate evidencing such shares; provided, however, that in 
lieu of stock certificates, the Company may evidence such shares by a book 
entry in the records of the Company or its designated agent (if permitted 
by the Company's designated agent and applicable law, as determined by the 
Administrator in its sole discretion).  No adjustment shall be made for 
dividends (ordinary or extraordinary, whether in cash, securities or other 
property), distributions or other rights for which the record date is prior 
to the date such stock certificate is actually issued or such book entry is 
made.
 
 
 

- 18 -

------------------------------------------------------------------------

 

 

(e)        Other Provisions. The Stock Appreciation Right Agreement 
authorized under this Section 14 shall contain such other provisions as the 
Administrator shall deem advisable, including but not limited to any 
restrictions on the exercise of the Stock Appreciation Right which may be 
necessary to comply with Rule 16b-3.

SECTION 15.
RECAPITALIZATION, EXCHANGE,
LIQUIDATION, OR CHANGE OF CONTROL

(a)        In General. In the event of an increase or decrease in the 
number of shares of Common Stock resulting from a stock dividend, stock 
split, reverse split, combination or reclassification of the Common Stock, 
or any other increase or decrease in the number of issued shares of Common 
Stock effected without receipt of consideration by the Company, other than 
due to conversion of the convertible securities of the Company, the 
Administrator may, in its sole discretion, adjust the value determinations 
applicable to outstanding Awards and the Plan in order to reflect such 
change, including adjustment of the class and number of shares of stock 
reserved under Section 6 of the Plan, the class and number of shares of 
stock covered by each outstanding Award, and, if and as applicable, the 
exercise price per share of each outstanding Award and the Annual Award 
Limits. Additional shares which may become covered by the Award pursuant to 
such adjustment shall be subject to the same restrictions as are applicable 
to the shares with respect to which the adjustment relates.

(b)        Liquidation. Unless otherwise provided in the Agreement 
evidencing an Award, in the event of a dissolution or liquidation of the 
Company, the Administrator may provide for one or both of the following:

    (i)        the acceleration of the exercisability of any or all
    outstanding Options or Stock Appreciation Rights, the vesting and
    payment of any or all Performance Awards, or Restricted Stock Units, or
    the lapsing of the risks of forfeiture on any or all Restricted Stock
    Awards; provided, however, that no such acceleration, vesting or
    payment shall occur if the acceleration, vesting or payment would
    violate the requirements of Code Section 409A; or
     
    (ii)       the complete termination of the Plan and the cancellation of
    any or all Awards (or portions thereof) which have not been exercised,
    have not vested, or remain subject to risks of forfeiture, as
    applicable, in each case immediately prior to the completion of such a
    dissolution or liquidation.

(c)        Change of Control. Unless otherwise provided in the Agreement 
evidencing an Award, in the event of a Change of Control, the Administrator 
may provide for one or more of the following:

    (i)        the acceleration of the exercisability of any outstanding
    Options or Stock Appreciation Rights (or portions thereof), the vesting
    and payment of any Performance Awards (or portions thereof), or the
    lapsing of the risks of forfeiture on any Restricted Stock Awards or
    Restricted Stock Units (or portion thereof);
     
    (ii)       the complete termination of this Plan, the cancellation of
    outstanding Options or Stock Appreciation Rights (or portion thereof)
    not exercised prior to a date specified by the Board (which date shall
    give Participants a reasonable period of time in which to exercise such
    Option or Stock Appreciation Right prior to the effective date of such 
    Change of Control), the cancellation of any Performance Award (or
    portion thereof) and the cancellation of any Restricted Stock Awards or
    Restricted Stock Units (or portion thereof) for which the risks of
    forfeiture have not lapsed;
 
 
 

 

- 19 -

------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
 
 
 
    (iii)      that the entity succeeding the Company by reason of such
    Change of Control, or the parent of such entity, shall assume or
    continue any or all Awards (or portions thereof) outstanding
    immediately prior to the Change of Control or substitute for any or all
    such Awards (or portions thereof) a substantially equivalent award with
    respect to the securities of such successor entity, as determined in
    accordance with applicable laws and regulations; or
     
    (iv)     that Participants holding outstanding Awards shall become
    entitled to receive, with respect to each share of Common Stock subject
    to such Award (whether vested or unvested, as determined by the
    Administrator pursuant to subsection (c)(i) hereof) as of the effective
    date of any such Change of Control, cash in an amount equal to (1) for
    Participants holding Options or Stock Appreciation Rights, the excess
    of the Fair Market Value of such Common Stock on the date immediately
    preceding the effective date of such Change of Control over the
    exercise price per share of Options or Stock Appreciation Rights, or
    (2) for Participants holding Awards other than Options or Stock
    Appreciation Rights, the Fair Market Value of such Common Stock on the
    date immediately preceding the effective date of such Change of
    Control.

The Administrator need not take the same action with respect to all Awards 
(or portions thereof) or with respect to all Participants. In addition, the 
Administrator may restrict the rights of or the applicability of this 
Section 15 to the extent necessary to comply with Section 16(b) of the 
Exchange Act, the Internal Revenue Code or any other applicable law or 
regulation. The grant of an Award pursuant to the Plan shall not limit in 
any way the right or power of the Company to make adjustments, 
reclassifications, reorganizations or changes of its capital or business 
structure or to merge, exchange or consolidate or to dissolve, liquidate, 
sell or transfer all or any part of its business or assets.

SECTION 16.
NONTRANSFERABILITY

(a)        In General. Except as expressly provided in the Plan or an 
Agreement, no Award shall be transferable by the Participant, in whole or 
in part, other than by will or by the laws of descent and distribution.  If 
the Participant shall attempt any transfer of any Award, such transfer 
shall be void and the Award shall terminate.
 
(b)        Nonqualified Stock Options. Notwithstanding anything in this 
Section 16 to the contrary, the Administrator may, in its sole discretion, 
permit the Participant to transfer any or all Nonqualified Stock Options to 
any member of the Participant's "immediate family" as such term is defined 
in Rule 16a-1(e) of the Exchange Act, or any successor provision, or to one 
or more trusts whose beneficiaries are members of such Participant's 
"immediate family" or partnerships in which such family members are the 
only partners; provided, however, that the Participant cannot receive any 
consideration for the transfer and such transferred Nonqualified Stock 
Option shall continue to be subject to the same terms and conditions as 
were applicable to such Nonqualified Stock Option immediately prior to its 
transfer.

(c)        Beneficiary Designation. Each Participant may, from time to 
time, name any beneficiary or beneficiaries (who may be named contingently 
or successively) to whom any benefit under the Plan is to be paid in case 
of such Participant's death before receipt of any or all of such benefit. 
Each such designation shall revoke all prior designations by the same 
Participant, shall be in a form prescribed by the Administrator, and will 
be effective only when filed by the Participant in writing with the Company 
during the Participant's lifetime. In the absence of any such designation, 
benefits remaining unpaid at the Participant's death shall be paid to the 
Participant's estate.
 
 
 
 
 

- 20 -

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 
 
SECTION 17.
INVESTMENT PURPOSE AND SECURITIES COMPLIANCE

No shares of Common Stock shall be issued pursuant to the Plan unless and 
until there has been compliance, in the opinion of Company's counsel, with 
all applicable legal requirements, including without limitation, those 
relating to securities laws and stock exchange listing requirements. As a 
condition to the issuance of Common Stock to Participant, the Administrator 
may require Participant to (a) represent that the shares of Common Stock 
are being acquired for investment and not resale and to make such other 
representations as the Administrator shall deem necessary or appropriate to 
qualify the issuance of the shares as exempt from the Securities Act of 
1933 and any other applicable securities laws, and (b) represent that 
Participant shall not dispose of the shares of Common Stock in violation of 
the Securities Act of 1933 or any other applicable securities laws.

As a further condition to the grant of any Option or the issuance of Common 
Stock to a Participant, the Participant agrees to the following:

(a)        In the event the Company advises the Participant that it plans 
an underwritten public offering of its Common Stock in compliance with the 
Securities Act of 1933, as amended, the Participant will execute any 
lock-up agreement the Company and the underwriter(s) deem necessary or 
appropriate, in their sole discretion, in connection with such public 
offering.

(b)        In the event the Company makes any public offering of its 
securities and determines in its sole discretion that it is necessary to 
reduce the number of outstanding Awards so as to comply with any state's 
securities or Blue Sky law limitations with respect thereto, the Board of 
Directors of the Company shall have the right (i) to accelerate the 
exercisability of any Award and the date on which such Award must be 
exercised or remove the risks of forfeiture to which the Award is subject, 
provided that the Company gives Participant prior written notice of such 
acceleration or removal, and (ii) to cancel any outstanding Awards (or 
portions thereof) which Participant does not exercise prior to or 
contemporaneously with such public offering.
 
(c)        In the event of a Change of Control, Participant will comply 
with Rule 145 of the Securities Act of 1933 and any other restrictions 
imposed under other applicable legal or accounting principles if 
Participant is an "affiliate" (as defined in such applicable legal and 
accounting principles) at the time of the Change of Control, and 
Participant will execute any documents necessary to ensure compliance with 
such rules.

The Company reserves the right to place a legend on any stock certificate 
(or a notation on any book entry shares permitted by the Administrator) 
issued in connection with an Award pursuant to the Plan to assure 
compliance with this Section 17.

The Company shall not be required to register or maintain the registration 
of the Plan, any Award, or any Common Stock issued or issuable pursuant to 
the Plan under the Securities Act of 1933 or any other applicable 
securities laws. If the Company is unable to obtain the authority that the 
Company or its counsel deems necessary for the lawful issuance and sale of 
Common Stock under the Plan, the Company shall not be liable for the 
failure to issue and sell Common Stock upon the exercise, vesting, or lapse 
of restrictions of forfeiture of an Award unless and until such authority 
is obtained. A Participant shall not be eligible for the grant of an Award 
or the issuance of Common Stock pursuant to an Award if such grant or 
issuance would violate any applicable securities law.
 
 
 
 

- 21 -

------------------------------------------------------------------------


 
 
SECTION 18.
AMENDMENT OF THE PLAN

The Board may from time to time, insofar as permitted by law, suspend or 
discontinue the Plan or revise or amend it in any respect; provided, 
however, that no such suspension, termination, revision, or amendment, 
except as is authorized in Section 15, shall impair the terms and 
conditions of any Award which is outstanding on the date of such 
suspension, termination, revision, or amendment to the material detriment 
of the Participant without the consent of the Participant. Notwithstanding 
the foregoing, except as provided in Section 15 of the Plan or to the 
extent required by applicable law or regulation, the Board may not, without 
shareholder approval, revise or amend the Plan to (i) materially increase 
the number of shares subject to the Plan, (ii) change the designation of 
Participants, including the class of Employees, eligible to receive Awards, 
(iii) decrease the price at which Options or Stock Appreciation Rights may 
be granted, (iv) cancel, regrant, repurchase for cash, or replace Options 
or Stock Appreciation Rights that have an exercise price in excess of the 
Fair Market Value of the Common Stock with other awards, or amend the terms 
of outstanding Options or Stock Appreciation Rights to reduce their 
exercise price, (v) materially increase the benefits accruing to 
Participants under the Plan, or (vi) make any modification that will cause 
Incentive Stock Options to fail to meet the requirements of Code Section 
422.

To the extent applicable, the Plan and all Agreements shall be interpreted 
to be exempt from or comply with the requirements of Code Section 409A and, 
if applicable, to comply with Code Section 422, in each case including the 
regulations, notices, and other guidance of general applicability issued 
thereunder. Furthermore, notwithstanding anything in the Plan or any 
Agreement to the contrary, the Board may amend the Plan or Agreement to the 
extent necessary or desirable to comply with such requirements without the 
consent of the Participant.

SECTION 19.
RIGHTS AND OBLIGATIONS ASSOCIATED WITH AWARDS

(a)        No Obligation to Exercise. The granting of an Option or Stock 
Appreciation Right shall impose no obligation upon the Participant to 
exercise such Option or Stock Appreciation Right.

(b)        No Employment or Other Service Rights. The granting of an Award 
hereunder shall not impose upon the Company or any Affiliate any obligation 
to retain the Participant in its employ or service for any period.

(c)        Unfunded Plan.  Participants shall have no right, title, or 
interest whatsoever in or to any particular assets of the Company or any of 
its Affiliates by reason of the right to receive a benefit under the terms 
of the Plan.   Nothing contained in the Plan, and no action taken pursuant 
to its provisions, shall create or be construed to create a trust of any 
kind, or a fiduciary relationship between the Company and any Participant, 
beneficiary, legal representative, or any other person. To the extent that 
any person acquires a right to receive shares of Common Stock or payments 
from the Company or any of its Affiliates under the Plan, such right shall 
be no greater than the right of an unsecured general creditor of the 
Company or an Affiliate, as the case may be.  All payments to be made 
hereunder shall be paid from the general funds of the Company or an 
Affiliate, as the case may be.  In its sole discretion, the Administrator 
may authorize the creation of trusts or other arrangements to meet the 
obligations created under the Plan to deliver the shares of Common Stock or 
make payments in lieu of or with respect to Awards hereunder; provided, 
however, that the existence of such trusts or other arrangements is 
consistent with the unfunded status of the Plan.
 
 
 
 
 

- 22 -

------------------------------------------------------------------------



 
SECTION 20.
MISCELLANEOUS

(a)        Issuance of Shares.  The Company is not required to issue or 
remove restrictions on shares of Common Stock granted pursuant to the Plan 
until the Administrator determines that: (i) all conditions of the Award 
have been satisfied, (ii) all legal matters in connection with the issuance 
have been satisfied, and (iii) the Participant has executed and delivered 
to the Company such representations or agreements as the Administrator may 
consider appropriate, in its sole discretion, to satisfy the requirements 
of any applicable law or regulation.

(b)        Choice of Law. The law of the state of Minnesota shall govern 
all questions concerning the construction, validity, and interpretation of 
the Plan, without regard to that state's conflict of laws rules.

(c)        Severability. In the event that any provision of the Plan shall 
be held illegal or invalid for any reason, such illegality or invalidity 
shall not affect the remaining provisions of the Plan, and the Plan shall 
be construed and enforced as if the illegal or invalid provision had not 
been included.

(d)        No Duty to Notify. The Company shall have no duty or obligation 
to any Participant to advise such Participant as to the time and manner of 
exercising an Award or as to the pending termination or expiration of such 
Award. In addition, the Company has no duty or obligation to minimize the 
tax consequences of an Award to the Participant.


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

- 23 -

------------------------------------------------------------------------


