 EX-10.11 3 tier-ex1011formofperforman.htm EXHIBIT 10.11
Exhibit 10.11

TIER REIT, INC.

RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AWARD AGREEMENT


Name of the Grantee: [    ] (the “Grantee”)
Total number of Restricted Stock Units at 100% Attainment: [_____] (the “
Target Award”)
      Absolute TSR Target: [_______]
      Index Relative TSR Target: [_______]
      Peer Relative TSR Target: [_______]
Baseline Value: $[____]
Grant Effective Date: [January __, 2017]


RECITALS

A.    The Grantee is an employee of TIER REIT, Inc. (the “Company”).


B.    Pursuant to the Company’s 2015 Equity Incentive Plan (as may be 
amended and supplemented from time to time, the “Plan”), the Company hereby 
grants to the Grantee the number of Restricted Stock Units specified above, 
subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein. Each Restricted Stock 
Unit shall relate to one share of Common Stock of the Company (each, a “
Share”). Unless otherwise indicated, capitalized terms used herein but not 
defined shall have the meanings given to those terms in the Plan.


NOW, THEREFORE, the Company and the Grantee agree as follows:


1.Grant of Restricted Stock Units. The Company hereby grants the Grantee 
the number of Restricted Stock Units specified above (the “Award”), subject 
to the following terms and conditions and subject to the provisions of the 
Plan. The Plan is hereby incorporated herein by reference as though set 
forth herein in its entirety.


2.    Restrictions on Transfer of Award. This Award may not be sold, 
transferred, pledged, assigned or otherwise encumbered or disposed of by 
the Grantee, and any Shares issuable with respect to the Award may not be 
sold, transferred, pledged, assigned or otherwise encumbered or disposed of 
until (i) the Restricted Stock Units have vested as provided in Section 3 
of this Agreement and (ii) Shares have actually been issued to the Grantee 
pursuant to Section 6 and in accordance with the terms of the Plan and this 
Agreement.


3.    Vesting of Restricted Stock Units. Except as otherwise provided 
below, the restrictions and conditions of Section 2(i) of this Agreement 
shall lapse as follows:


(i)    The Administrator shall determine during the first 60 days following 
the end of the Performance Period the number of Restricted Stock Units that 
shall vest on account of the Company’s Annualized TSR Percentage in 
accordance with the following table:



------------------------------------------------------------------------


     Annualized TSR Percentage


     Percentage of  
     Absolute TSR Target Vested


     Greater than or equal to 5%
     but less than 7.5%
     50%
     Greater than or equal to 7.5%
      but less than 10%
     100%


     Greater than or equal to 10%
     200%


In the event that the Annualized TSR Percentage shall fall between two 
levels in the above table, linear interpolation shall be used to determine 
such number of vested Restricted Stock Units.


(ii)    The Administrator shall determine during the first 60 days 
following the end of the Performance Period the number of Restricted Stock 
Units that shall vest on account of the Company’s Index Relative TSR Return 
in accordance with the following table:


     Index Relative TSR Return


     Percentage of 
     Index Relative TSR Target Vested


     25th Percentile or higher
     50%
     50th Percentile or higher
     100%


     75th Percentile or higher


     200%


In the event that the Index Relative TSR Return shall fall between two 
levels in the above table, linear interpolation shall be used to determine 
such number of vested Restricted Stock Units.


(iii)    The Administrator shall determine during the first 60 days 
following the end of the Performance Period the number of Restricted Stock 
Units that shall vest on account of the Company’s Peer Relative TSR Return 
in accordance with the following table:


     Peer Relative TSR Return


     Percentage of 
     Peer Relative TSR Target Vested


     25th Percentile or higher
     50%
     50th Percentile or higher
     100%


     75th Percentile or higher


     200%


In the event that the Peer Relative TSR Return shall fall between two 
levels in the above table, linear interpolation shall be used to determine 
such number of vested Restricted Stock Units.


(iv)    In the event that a Sale Event (as defined in the Plan) occurs 
prior to the end of the Performance Period, the Grantee will be deemed to 
have earned the number of Restricted Stock Units based on the attainment 
level resulting from the Annualized TSR Percentage, Index Relative TSR 
Return and Peer Relative TSR Return, each calculated from the first day of 
the Performance Period through the end of the calendar month immediately 
preceding the date of the Sale Event pursuant to Sections 3(i), 3(ii) and 
3(iii) above, multiplied by (a) in the event such Sale Event is consummated 
prior to the one-year anniversary of January



2

------------------------------------------------------------------------

1, [2017], a fraction, the numerator of which shall be the number of 
calendar days from January 1, [2017] to the date of the Sale Event and the 
denominator of which shall be 365, and (b) in the event such Sale Event is 
consummated on or after the one-year anniversary of January 1, [2017], the 
number one. All such earned Restricted Stock Units shall become fully 
vested upon the consummation of the Sale Event. The foregoing treatment 
supersedes the treatment of performance awards upon a Sale Event in the 
Grantee’s Employment Agreement.


4.    Adjustments. Without duplication with the provisions of Section 3 of 
the Plan, if (i) the Company shall at any time be involved in a merger, 
consolidation, dissolution, liquidation, reorganization, exchange of 
shares, sale of all or substantially all of the assets or shares of Common 
Stock of the Company or a transaction similar thereto, (ii) any stock 
dividend, stock split, reverse stock split, stock combination, 
reclassification, recapitalization, or other similar change in the capital 
structure of the Company, or any distribution to holders of Stock other 
than ordinary cash dividends, shall occur or (iii) any other event shall 
occur which in the judgment of the Administrator necessitates action by way 
of adjusting the terms of this Award, then and in that event, the 
Administrator shall take such action as shall be necessary in the 
discretion of the Administrator to maintain the Grantee’s rights hereunder.


5.    Termination of Service.


(i)    Except as otherwise provided herein, if the Grantee’s employment 
with the Company and its Subsidiaries terminates for any reason prior to 
the satisfaction of the vesting conditions set forth in Section 3, above, 
any Restricted Stock Units that have not vested as of such date shall 
automatically and without notice terminate and be forfeited, and neither 
the Grantee nor any of his or her successors, heirs, assigns, or personal 
representatives will thereafter have any further rights or interests in 
such unvested Restricted Stock Units.


(ii)    If the Grantee’s employment is terminated by the Company for 
reasons other than Cause, the Grantee’s employment terminates on account of 
death or Disability or the Grantee resigns for Good Reason prior to the end 
of the Performance Period, subject to the effectiveness of a release in 
favor of the Company (except in the case of death), the Administrator shall 
determine the amount of Restricted Stock Units deemed earned based on the 
Company’s Annualized TSR Percentage, Index Relative TSR Return and Peer 
Relative TSR Return through the date the Grantee’s employment relationship 
with the Company is terminated (the “Termination Date”), and the Grantee 
shall vest in the greater of (x) the number of Restricted Stock Units 
underlying the Target Award or (y) the number of Restricted Stock Units 
deemed earned based on the Company’s Annualized TSR Percentage, Index 
Relative TSR Return and Peer Relative TSR Return through the Termination 
Date, and if the Termination Date is prior to the one-year anniversary of 
January 1, [2017], further multiplied by a fraction, the numerator of which 
shall be the number of calendar days from the Grant Effective Date to the 
Termination Date and the denominator of which shall be 365.


6.    Issuance of Shares; Forfeiture. The Company shall issue to the 
Grantee the number of Shares equal to the aggregate number of Restricted 
Stock Units that have vested pursuant to Section 3 of this Agreement within 
30 days thereafter (such date of issuance, the “Issuance Date”). On the 
Issuance Date, the Company shall also issue to the Grantee a number



3

------------------------------------------------------------------------

of Shares determined by multiplying the Dividend Shares by the number of 
Shares issued to the Grantee pursuant to the first sentence of this Section 
6.


7.    Defined Terms. The following terms shall have the following 
respective meanings:


(i)    “Absolute TSR Target” means one-third of the Target Award, as 
indicated above. Such Restricted Stock Units shall be earned based on the 
Company’s Annualized TSR Percentage during the Performance Period.


(ii)    “Annualized TSR Percentage” means the compounded annual growth 
rate, expressed as a percentage (rounded down to the nearest tenth of a 
percent (0.1%)), in the value per Share during the Performance Period due 
to the appreciation in the price per Share and dividends paid during such 
period, assuming dividends are reinvested. Where “D” is the value of all 
dividends paid to a shareholder of record with respect to one Share during 
the Performance Period at the end of the Performance Period after being 
reinvested and N is the number of 12 month periods that have elapsed 
between the first day of the Performance Period and the last day of the 
Performance Period (which may not be a full integer if computed in 
connection with a Sale Event or a termination of employment under Section 
5(ii)) the Annualized TSR Percentage is calculated as follows:


(iii)    “Baseline Value” for each of the Company, the Peer Companies and 
the Index Companies, means the dollar amount representing the Fair Market 
Value of one share of common stock of such company on December 31, 2016.


(iv)    “Cause” shall mean, unless otherwise provided in an Employment 
Agreement between the Company and the Grantee, a determination by the 
Administrator that the Grantee shall be dismissed as a result of (a) any 
material breach by the Grantee of any agreement between the Grantee and the 
Company; (b) the conviction of, indictment for or plea of nolo contendere 
by the Grantee to a felony or a crime involving moral turpitude; or (c) any 
material misconduct or willful and deliberate non-performance (other than 
by reason of disability) by the Grantee of the Grantee’s duties to the 
Company.


(v)    “Disability” shall mean, unless otherwise provided in an Employment 
Agreement between the Company and the Grantee, the occurrence of an event 
which would entitle the Grantee to the payment of disability income under 
the Company’s long-term disability plan.


(vi)    “Dividend Shares” means a number of Shares equal to the sum of the 
quotients obtained by dividing each Performance Period Dividend by the Fair 
Market Value of one Share of Stock on the date each such Performance Period 
Dividend is paid.


(vii)    “Employment Agreement” shall mean any applicable agreement between 
the Grantee and the Company governing employment matters.



4

------------------------------------------------------------------------

(viii)    “Ending Share Value” means, for each of the Company, the Peer 
Companies and the Index Companies, the average of the closing price of one 
share of common stock of such company over the 20 consecutive trading days 
ending on, and including the Valuation Date (or if such date is not a 
trading day, the most recent trading day immediately preceding such date); 
provided that if the Valuation Date is the date upon which a Sale Event 
occurs, the Ending Share Value as of such date shall be equal to the fair 
value, as determined by the Administrator, of the total consideration paid 
or payable in the transaction resulting in the Sale Event for one Share, 
and if one of the 20 consecutive trading days is an ex-dividend date for 
the Company, or any of the Peer Companies and the Index Companies, the 
Administrator shall make fair and appropriate adjustments.


(ix)    “Fair Market Value” means, as of any given date, the fair market 
value of a security which shall be the closing sale price reported for such 
security on the principal stock exchange or, if applicable, any other 
national exchange on which the security is traded or admitted to trading on 
such date on which a sale was reported. If there are no market quotations 
for such date, the determination shall be made by reference to the last 
date preceding such date for which there are market quotations.


(x)    “Good Reason” shall mean, unless otherwise provided in an Employment 
Agreement between the Company and the Grantee, a determination by the 
Administrator of the occurrence of one of the following events: (a) a 
material adverse change in the nature or scope of the Grantee’s 
responsibilities, authorities, powers, functions or duties; (b) a material 
reduction in the Grantee’s annual base salary except for across-the-board 
salary reductions similarly affecting all or substantially all 
similarly-situated employees; or (c) the relocation of the offices at which 
the Grantee is principally employed to a location more than 50 miles from 
such offices.


(xi)    “Index Companies” means the companies included in the NAREIT Office 
Index (unweighted), but specifically excluding the Company, throughout the 
Performance Period.


(xii)    “Index Relative TSR Return” means the Company’s Total Shareholder 
Return during the Performance Period relative to the Total Shareholder 
Return of the Index Companies during the Performance Period. Relative 
Performance will be determined by ranking the Company and the Index 
Companies from highest to lowest according to their respective Total 
Shareholder Return. After this ranking, the percentile performance of the 
Company relative to the Index Companies will be determined as follows:



  N
(R-1)
P
-
=
1

5

------------------------------------------------------------------------

            where:
“P” represents the percentile performance which will be rounded, if 
necessary, to the nearest whole percentile by application of regular 
rounding.
                    “N” represents the number of Index Companies.


                    “R” represents the Company’s ranking among the Index
                    Companies.


(xiii)    “Index Relative TSR Target” means one-third of the Target Award, 
as indicated above. Such Restricted Stock Units shall be earned based on 
the Company’s Index Relative TSR Return during the Performance Period.


(xiv)    “Peer Companies” means each of Brandywine Realty Trust (BDN), 
Columbia Property Trust, Inc. (CXP), Corporate Office Properties Trust 
(OFC), Cousins Properties, Inc. (CUZ), Franklin Street Properties Corp. 
(FSP), Highwoods Properties, Inc. (HIW), Kilroy Realty Corp. (KRC), Mack 
Cali Realty Corp. (CLI), and Piedmont Office Realty Trust, Inc. (PDM).


(xv)    “Peer Relative TSR Return” means the Company’s Total Shareholder 
Return during the Performance Period relative to the Total Shareholder 
Return of the Peer Companies during the Performance Period. Relative 
Performance will be determined by ranking the Company and the Peer 
Companies from highest to lowest according to their respective Total 
Shareholder Return. After this ranking, the percentile performance of the 
Company relative to the Peer Companies will be determined as follows:



  N
(R-1)
P
-
=
1
            where:
“P” represents the percentile performance which will be rounded, if 
necessary, to the nearest whole percentile by application of regular 
rounding.
                    “N” represents the number of Peer Companies.


                    “R” represents the Company’s ranking among the Peer
                    Companies.


(xvi)    “Peer Relative TSR Target” means one-third of the Target Award, as 
indicated above. Such Restricted Stock Units shall be earned based on the 
Company’s Peer Relative TSR Return during the Performance Period.


(xvii)    “Performance Period” means the period commencing on January 1, 
[2017] and concluding on the Valuation Date.



6

------------------------------------------------------------------------

(xviii)    “Performance Period Dividend” shall mean each dividend or other 
distribution paid on one Share for which the record date occurred on or 
after the first day of the Performance Period and prior to the Issuance 
Date for the Performance Period (excluding dividends and distributions paid 
in the form of additional Shares).


(xix)    “Total Shareholder Return” or “TSR” means for each of the Company, 
the Index Companies and the Peer Companies, with respect to the Performance 
Period, the total return (expressed as a percentage) that would have been 
realized by a shareholder who (a) bought one share of common stock of such 
company at the Baseline Value on the Grant Effective Date, (b) reinvested 
each dividend and other distribution declared during the Performance Period 
with respect to such share (and any other shares, or fractions thereof, 
previously received upon reinvestment of dividends or other distributions 
or on account of stock dividends), without deduction for any taxes with 
respect to such dividends or other distributions or any charges in 
connection with such reinvestment, in additional shares of common stock of 
such company at a price per share equal to (i) the Fair Market Value on the 
trading day immediately preceding the ex-dividend date for such dividend or 
other distribution less (ii) the amount of such dividend or other 
distribution, and (c) sold such shares on the Valuation Date at the Ending 
Share Value of such shares on the Valuation Date, without deduction for any 
taxes with respect to any gain on such sale or any charges in connection 
with such sale. As set forth in, and pursuant to, Section 4 of this 
Agreement, appropriate adjustments to the Total Shareholder Return shall be 
made to take into account all stock dividends, stock splits, reverse stock 
splits and the other events set forth in Section 4 for each of the Company, 
the Index Companies, and the Peer Companies that occur during the 
Performance Period.


(xx)    “Valuation Date” means the earlier of (a) December 31, 2018, or (b) 
the date upon which a Sale Event shall occur.


8.    Incorporation of Plan; Interpretation by Administrator. This 
Agreement is subject in all respects to the terms, conditions, limitations 
and definitions contained in the Plan. In the event of any discrepancy or 
inconsistency between this Agreement and the Plan, the terms and conditions 
of the Plan shall control. The Administrator may make such rules and 
regulations and establish such procedures for the administration of this 
Agreement as it deems appropriate.


Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Administrator may 
interpret the Plan and this Agreement, with such interpretations to be 
conclusive and binding on all persons and otherwise accorded the maximum 
deference permitted by law, provided that the Administrator’s 
interpretation shall not be entitled to deference on and after a Sale Event 
except to the extent that such interpretations are made exclusively by 
members of the board of directors of the Company or relevant committee, who 
are individuals who served as members of such board or committee, as 
applicable, before the Sale Event and take any other actions and make any 
other determinations or decisions that it deems necessary or appropriate in 
connection with the Plan, this Agreement or the administration or 
interpretation thereof. In the event of any dispute or disagreement as to 
interpretation of the Plan or this Agreement or of any rule, regulation or 
procedure, or as to any question, right or obligation arising from or 
related to the Plan or this



7

------------------------------------------------------------------------

Agreement, the decision of the Administrator, except as provided above, 
shall be final and binding upon all persons.


9.    Withholding and Taxes. No later than the date as of which an amount 
first becomes includible in the gross income of the Grantee for income tax 
purposes or subject to the Federal Insurance Contributions Act withholding 
with respect to the shares of Restricted Stock granted hereunder, the 
Grantee will pay to the Company or, if appropriate, any of its 
Subsidiaries, or make arrangements satisfactory to the Administrator 
regarding the payment of, any United States federal, state or local or 
foreign taxes of any kind required by law to be withheld with respect to 
such amount. The Grantee hereby authorizes the Company to satisfy such 
withholding obligation by withholding from the Shares of Stock to be issued 
a number of Shares of Stock with an aggregate Fair Market Value that would 
satisfy the withholding amount due.


10.    No Obligation to Continue Employment Relationship. Neither the Plan 
nor this Award confers upon the Grantee any rights with respect to 
continued employment.


11.    Amendment; Modification. This Agreement may only be modified or 
amended in a writing signed by the parties hereto, provided that the 
Grantee acknowledges that the Plan may be amended or discontinued in 
accordance with Section 19 thereof and that this Agreement may be amended 
or canceled by the Administrator, on behalf of the Company, for the purpose 
of satisfying changes in law or for any other lawful purpose, so long as no 
such action shall adversely affect the Grantee’s rights under this 
Agreement without the Grantee’s written consent. No promises, assurances, 
commitments, agreements, undertakings or representations, whether oral, 
written, electronic or otherwise, and whether express or implied, with 
respect to the subject matter hereof, have been made by the parties which 
are not set forth expressly in this Agreement. The failure of the Grantee 
or the Company to insist upon strict compliance with any provision of this 
Agreement, or to assert any right the Grantee or the Company, respectively, 
may have under this Agreement, shall not be deemed to be a waiver of such 
provision or right or any other provision or right of this Agreement.


12.    Complete Agreement. This Agreement (together with those agreements 
and documents expressly referred to herein, for the purposes referred to 
herein) embodies the complete and entire agreement and understanding 
between the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof, and 
supersede any and all prior promises, assurances, commitments, agreements, 
undertakings or representations, whether oral, written, electronic or 
otherwise, and whether express or implied, which may relate to the subject 
matter hereof in any way.


13.    No Limit on Other Compensation Arrangements. Nothing contained in 
this Agreement shall preclude the Company from adopting or continuing in 
effect other or additional compensation plans, agreements or arrangements, 
and any such plans, agreements and arrangements may be either generally 
applicable or applicable only in specific cases or to specific persons.


14.    Severability. If any term or provision of this Agreement is or 
becomes or is deemed to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any 
jurisdiction or under any applicable law,



8

------------------------------------------------------------------------

rule or regulation, then such provision shall be construed or deemed 
amended to conform to applicable law (or if such provision cannot be so 
construed or deemed amended without materially altering the purpose or 
intent of this Agreement and the grant of Restricted Stock Units hereunder, 
such provision shall be stricken as to such jurisdiction and the remainder 
of this Agreement and the award hereunder shall remain in full force and 
effect).


15.    Law Governing. THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED IN 
ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF TEXAS, WITHOUT REGARD TO ANY 
PRINCIPLES OF CONFLICTS OF LAW WHICH COULD CAUSE THE APPLICATION OF THE 
LAWS OF ANY JURISDICTION OTHER THAN THE STATE OF TEXAS.


16.    Headings. Section, paragraph and other headings and captions are 
provided solely as a convenience to facilitate reference. Such headings and 
captions shall not be deemed in any way material or relevant to the 
construction, meaning or interpretation of this Agreement or any term or 
provision hereof.


17.    Notices. Notices hereunder shall be mailed or delivered to the 
Company at its principal place of business and shall be mailed or delivered 
to the Grantee at the address on file with the Company or, in either case, 
at such other address as one party may subsequently furnish to the other 
party in writing.


18.    Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in two or more separate 
counterparts, each of which shall be an original, and all of which together 
shall constitute one and the same agreement.


19.    Successors and Assigns. The rights and obligations created hereunder 
shall be binding on the Grantee and his heirs and legal representatives and 
on the successors and assigns of the Company.


[Signature Page Follows]

9

------------------------------------------------------------------------

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have caused this Award to be executed 
on the [_____________] day of [________], 201[_].







                                    TIER REIT, INC.
                                     
                                     
                                     
                                     
                                     
                                     
                                     
                                     
                                    By:
                                     
                                     
                                    Name:
                                     
                                    Title:
                                     
                                     
                                     
                                     
                                    Grantee
                                     
                                     
                                     
                                     
                                     
                                    Name:
                                     
                                     
                                     
                                    Address:
                                     










10

