 EX-10.1 SUBLEASE AGR 2 c898-20170103xex10_1subl.htm EX-10.1 SUBLEASE 
AGREEMENT
       Exhibit 10.1
       SUBLEASE AGREEMENT
       ﻿
       ﻿
       ﻿
       ﻿
       for
       ﻿
       ﻿
       ﻿
       ﻿
       OLD DALLAS LIBRARY BUILDING
       ﻿
       at
       ﻿
       1954 Commerce Street, Dallas, Texas 75201
       ﻿
        


        
        
       -----------------------------------------------------------------

        

        
       SUBLEASE AGREEMENT


       THIS SUBLEASE AGREEMENT (this “Lease”) is entered into to be
       effective as of  December 30, 2016 (the “Effective Date”), between 
       1914 COMMERCE LEASING LLC, a Texas limited liability company (“
       Landlord”), whose address is c/o 1914 Commerce GM, Inc., 1800 Valley
       View Lane, Ste. 300, Farmers Branch, TX 75234, and The Dallas
       Morning News, Inc., a Delaware corporation (“Tenant”), whose address
       until the Commencement Date (as hereinafter defined) is 508 Young
       Street, Dallas, Texas 75202, and whose address thereafter will be
       that of the Premises (as hereinafter defined).

       RECITALS:

       WHEREAS, Owner is the owner of that certain Land and Building
       located at 1954 Commerce Street, Dallas, Texas 75201;

       WHEREAS, prior to the execution of this Lease, Owner leased the
       Land, the Building and the Statler Building to Landlord pursuant to
       that certain Master Lease Agreement, by and between Owner, as
       landlord, and Landlord, as tenant, (the “Master Lease”); and

       WHEREAS, Landlord has agreed to lease to Tenant, and Tenant has
       agreed to lease from Landlord, the Premises, together with certain
       parking rights as set forth herein, including parking rights in the
       Statler Building.

       W I T N E S S E T H:

       1. Definitions and Certain Basic Provisions.  The following
       capitalized terms shall have the meaning indicated for purposes of
       this Lease:

       (a) “Base Rental” means the amounts shown on Exhibit H attached
       hereto and made a part hereof.

       (b) “Base Year” means the calendar year 2018.

       (c) “Basic Costs” shall have the meaning set forth in Exhibit I 
       attached hereto and made a part hereof.

       (d) “Building” means Landlord’s property known as the Old Dallas
       Library Building located at 1954 Commerce Street, Dallas, Texas,
       75201, on the Land. 

       (e) “Commencement Date” means the earlier of (i) the date of
       completion by Tenant of Tenant’s Work (as such term is defined in 
       Exhibit D attached hereto) and the occupancy of the Premises by
       Tenant, or (ii) the date that is sixty-one  (61) days following the
       substantial completion by Landlord of all of Landlord’s Work (as
       such term is defined in Exhibit D attached hereto) and delivery of
       the Premises to Tenant (subject to adjustment as provided in 
       Exhibit D attached hereto).

       (f) “Effective Date” shall have the meaning set forth in the initial
       paragraph of this Lease.

        
       SUBLEASE AGREEMENTPage 1
       OLD DALLAS LIBRARY BUILDING
        
       -----------------------------------------------------------------

        

        

       (g) “Historic Tax Credits” means the tax credit allowable pursuant
       to Section 47 of the Internal Revenue Code for qualified
       rehabilitation expenditures, as such term is defined in Section
       47(c)(2) of the Internal Revenue Code, incurred in connection with
       the “certified rehabilitation” of a “certified historic structure.”

       (h) “Land” means the property being described or shown on Exhibit A 
       attached hereto.

       (i) “Landlord” means 1914 Commerce Leasing, LLC, a Texas limited
       liability company.

       (j) “Lease Term” means the Original Term and any properly exercised
       Renewal Term.

       (k) “Master Lease” means that certain Master Lease Agreement by and
       between Commerce Statler Development, LLC, a Texas limited liability
       company, and Landlord, dated as of November 17, 2015, a Memorandum
       of which is filed and recorded in the Official Public Records of
       Dallas County, Texas.

       (l) “Original Term” means the period commencing on the Commencement
       Date and continuing for sixteen (16) years after the Commencement
       Date; provided that if the Commencement Date is a date other than
       the first day of a calendar month, the Original Term shall be
       extended by the number of days remaining in the calendar month in
       which the Commencement Date occurs.

       (m) “Owner” means Commerce Statler Development LLC, a Texas limited
       liability company.

       (n) “Premises” means the leased premises located in the Building and
       being conclusively deemed to contain 92,237 rentable square feet of
       space, as shown on the floor plan attached as Exhibit B hereto.

       (o) “Project” means, collectively, the Complex and the adjacent
       Statler Building.

       (p) “Renewal Terms” means two (2) five-year renewal terms, subject
       to and as described in Exhibit G attached hereto and made a part
       hereof.

       (q) “Security Deposit”:  N/A (none required).

       (r) “State Tax Credits” means the Texas Historic Preservation Tax
       Credits available under Texas Administrative Code, Title 13 Cultural
       Resources, Part II Texas Historical Commission, Section 171.901, et
       seq., and commonly known as the “Texas Historic Preservation Tax
       Credit Program.”

       (s) “Statler Building” means, collectively, that certain building
       located at 1914 Commerce Street in Dallas, Texas and situated on the
       Land adjacent to the Premises.

       (t) “Tenant’s Broker” means CBRE, Inc.

       2. Lease and Demise.  Subject to the terms and conditions
       hereinafter set forth, and each in consideration of the duties,
       covenants, and obligations of the other hereunder, Landlord does
       hereby lease

        
       SUBLEASE AGREEMENTPage 2
       OLD DALLAS LIBRARY BUILDING
        
       -----------------------------------------------------------------

        

        
       to Tenant, and Tenant does hereby lease from Landlord, the Premises,
       together with certain parking rights as set forth herein, including
       parking rights in the Statler Building.

       3. Term.  Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, this
       Lease shall continue in force for the Lease Term.  If Tenant’s Work
       (as such term is defined in the Work Letter attached hereto as 
       Exhibit D) in the Premises has not been substantially completed by
       Tenant’s General Contractor (as such term is defined in the Work
       Letter) on or before the Commencement Date, Landlord shall not be
       liable for any costs, claims, damages, or liabilities incurred by
       Tenant as a result thereof, and the Lease Term and the obligations
       of Tenant hereunder shall nonetheless commence and continue in full
       force and effect.

       4. Use.  The Premises are to be used and occupied by Tenant solely
       for general office purposes and a digital news room, and uses
       ancillary thereto, and for no other purpose or use without the prior
       written consent of Landlord; in particular, Tenant acknowledges and
       agrees that it shall not use all or any part of the Premises for the
       printing of newspapers.  At no time shall the Tenant make or permit
       to be made any use of the Premises or any part thereof which would
       violate any of the local, state of federal laws applicable to the
       Tenant, the Premises or the Building or any presently recorded
       instruments that would affect the Premises (provided that Landlord
       represents and warrants to Tenant that no such instruments will
       prohibit Tenant from using the Premises and the Complex for the uses
       permitted herein).  Tenant shall have the right to access the
       Premises and the Complex on a twenty-four (24) hour per day, seven
       (7) day per week basis; notwithstanding the foregoing, however, 
       Tenant acknowledges and agrees that any interruptions to such access
       right shall be subject to the provisions set forth in Paragraph 9 
       of this Lease.  Without limiting any of the foregoing, Tenant shall
       be entitled to maintain within the Premises a test kitchen and a
       fitness facility with locker rooms/showers.

       5. Base Rental.    

       (a) From and after the Commencement Date, Tenant shall pay to
       Landlord, without any set off or deduction whatsoever except as
       otherwise expressly provided in this Lease, the Base Rental.  Tenant
       shall also pay, as additional rent, Excess Basic Costs (hereinafter
       defined) and all other sums of money that become due and payable by
       Tenant to Landlord under this Lease (Base Rental, any adjustment
       thereto pursuant to Exhibit H attached hereto, Excess Basic Costs
       and all other sums of money due and payable by Tenant to Landlord
       under this Lease are sometimes hereinafter collectively called “
       rent”).  Tenant shall also pay with each Base Rental payment the
       amount of any sales taxes assessed against rent.  The annual Base
       Rental, as adjusted each year during the Lease Term pursuant to 
       Exhibit H attached hereto, shall be due and payable in advance in
       twelve (12) equal installments on the first (1st) day of each
       calendar month during the Lease Term and any extensions or renewals
       thereof, and Tenant hereby agrees to pay Base Rental to Landlord at
       Landlord’s address provided herein (or such other address as may be
       designated by Landlord in writing from time to time) monthly, in
       advance, and without demand except as otherwise expressly provided
       in this Lease. If the Lease Term commences on a day other than the
       first (1st) day of a month, then the first installment of Base
       Rental as adjusted pursuant hereto shall be prorated, based on
       thirty (30) days per month, and such installment so prorated shall
       be paid in advance on the Commencement Date.

       (b) If Tenant fails to pay any regular monthly installment of rent
       by the tenth (10th) day of the month in which the installment is
       due, or any other amount constituting rent within ten (10) days
       after the due date therefor, there shall be added to such unpaid
       amount a late charge of five percent (5%) of the installment or
       amount due in order to compensate Landlord for the extra
       administrative expenses incurred; provided, however, that no such
       late charge shall be imposed on the first two delinquent payment in
       any calendar year. 

        
       SUBLEASE AGREEMENTPage 3
       OLD DALLAS LIBRARY BUILDING
        
       -----------------------------------------------------------------

        

        

       6. Excess Basic Costs. 

       (a) In addition to Base Rental, commencing January 1, 2019, Tenant
       shall pay Basic Costs in excess of the Basic Costs for the Base Year
       (“Excess Basic Costs”).  Prior to January 1 of each calendar year
       during the Lease Term following the Base Year, Landlord shall
       provide an estimate of Excess Basic Costs for the forthcoming
       calendar year. Together with Tenant’s monthly payments of Base
       Rental during such forthcoming calendar year, Tenant shall also pay
       one-twelfth (1/12) of the amount of such forthcoming year’s
       reasonably estimated Excess Basic Costs, if any; provided, that in
       no event shall Base Rental be less than the amount specified in 
       Exhibit H attached hereto.

       (b) As soon as practicable following the Base Year (but in no event
       later than May 1, 2019), Landlord shall furnish to Tenant a
       statement of Landlord’s actual Basic Costs for the Base Year, and as
       soon as practicable during each other calendar year of the Lease
       Term (but in no event later than May 1 of each such year), Landlord
       shall furnish to Tenant a statement of Landlord’s actual Excess
       Basic Costs for the previous calendar year or partial calendar year,
       if applicable (each a “Statement”).  If actual Excess Basic Costs
       are greater than Landlord’s estimate thereof, a lump sum payment
       (which payment shall be deemed a payment of rent hereunder for all
       purposes) will be made from Tenant to Landlord within thirty (30)
       days of the delivery of such statement equal to the amount by which
       actual Excess Basic Costs exceeded Landlord’s estimate thereof.  If
       actual Excess Basic Costs are less than Landlord’s estimate thereof,
       Landlord shall promptly after delivery of such Statement credit such
       overpaid amount against the rent installment due in the immediately
       succeeding month, or, at the end of the Lease Term, Landlord shall
       promptly refund such overpaid amount to Tenant.  The effect of this
       reconciliation credit or payment, as applicable, is that Tenant will
       pay during the Lease Term all of the Excess Basic Costs from and
       after January 1, 2019, and no more.  Notwithstanding anything to the
       contrary set forth herein, Landlord agrees that Tenant shall have no
       obligation to pay any Excess Basic Costs not billed by Landlord
       within eighteen (18) months after the end of the year to which such
       Basic Costs were incurred. 

       (c) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth herein or in
       the Lease, for purposes of computing Tenant’s Excess Basic Costs,
       the actual Controllable Basic Costs (hereinafter defined) for the
       first full calendar year following the Base Year shall not increase
       by more than six percent (6%) over the actual Controllable Basic
       Costs for the Base Year.  Thereafter, the actual Controllable Basic
       Costs for any calendar year shall not increase by more than six
       percent (6%) over the actual Controllable Basic Costs for the prior
       calendar year on a cumulative and compounding basis.  In other
       words, actual Controllable Basic Costs for the calendar year
       following the Base Year (i.e., for calendar year 2019) shall not
       exceed one hundred six percent (106%) of actual Controllable Basic
       Costs for the Base Year, and actual Controllable Basic Costs for
       calendar year 2020 shall not exceed one hundred six percent (106%)
       of actual Controllable Basic Costs for calendar year 2019. For
       purposes of this Lease, “Controllable Basic Costs” shall mean all
       Basic Costs other than utility expenses, insurance premiums and real
       estate taxes.

       (d) Tenant shall have the right, upon twenty (20) business days’
       notice, which right shall be exercisable not more than once in any
       calendar year (and not more than once with respect to any calendar
       year inspected), and which notice shall be given not later than one
       hundred eighty (180) days after Tenant’s receipt of a Statement, to
       inspect Landlord’s books and records applicable to Excess Basic
       Costs for one or more of the prior three calendar years, during
       regular

        
       SUBLEASE AGREEMENTPage 4
       OLD DALLAS LIBRARY BUILDING
        
       -----------------------------------------------------------------

        

        
           business hours and on normal working days at the office of
           Landlord in Dallas, Texas.  Tenant agrees that any information
           obtained during an inspection by Tenant of Landlord’s books of
           account and records shall be kept in confidence by Tenant and
           its agents and employees and shall not be disclosed to any other
           parties, except to Tenant’s agents, employees, attorneys,
           accountants and other consultants, and except as required by
           applicable law or governmental process (including any subpoena).
            Any auditor retained by Tenant to inspect Landlord’s books of
           account and records must be a certified public accounting firm
           or real estate advisory firm, which firm in each case (i) is of
           recognized national or regional standing, and (ii) shall not
           provide the audit services to Tenant on a contingency fee basis
           .  If Tenant’s inspection establishes that Tenant overpaid
           Excess Basic Costs, Landlord shall refund such excess to Tenant
           within thirty (30) days after Landlord’s receipt of an invoice
           for the same unless Landlord, in good faith, contests the
           results of such inspection (in which event such excess, if any,
           shall be refunded within thirty (30) days after resolution of
           such contest) or, at Tenant’s election, Tenant may offset the
           amount of the overpayment (but not before Landlord’s contest of
           the results of the inspection, if any, has been resolved)
           against Base Rental becoming due.  Likewise, if such inspection
           establishes that Tenant underpaid Excess Basic Costs, Tenant
           shall pay such deficiency to Landlord within thirty (30) days
           after receipt of the results of the inspection.  Any such
           inspection by Tenant shall be at Tenant’s sole cost and expense;
           provided, however, if any such inspection discloses that
           Landlord charged Tenant in excess of five percent (5%) more than
           properly chargeable to Tenant, then Landlord, within thirty (30)
           days after its receipt of paid invoices therefor from Tenant,
           shall reimburse Tenant for the reasonable amounts paid by Tenant
           to third parties in connection with such inspection by Tenant,
           not to exceed $5,000.00.  In no event shall Tenant be permitted
           to examine Landlord’s records or to dispute any Statement of
           Excess Basic Costs unless Tenant has paid and continues to pay
           all rent when due; provided, however, that the foregoing shall
           not be construed to bar such examination if Tenant’s
           discontinuation in the payment of rent is based upon Tenant’s
           exercise of a right of offset expressly granted to Tenant in
           this Lease.

       7. Leasehold Improvements.  Tenant shall submit to Landlord for
       approval full definitive plans and specifications for all of
       Tenant’s Work to be constructed or installed in the Premises by
       Tenant’s General Contractor, including but not limited to, all
       architectural, electrical and mechanical plans, room finish
       schedules, millwork detail, and air conditioning layout drawings,
       all in accordance with the terms and provisions of the Work Letter
       attached hereto as Exhibit D.  The Work Letter sets forth certain
       dates by which plans and specifications for Tenant’s Work must be
       prepared, reviewed and approved.

       8. Acceptance of Premises and Building By Tenant.  Subject to (a)
       Landlord’s obligations regarding Landlord’s performance of its
       obligations under Exhibit D attached hereto, and (b) any latent
       defects, the taking of possession of the Premises by Tenant shall be
       conclusive evidence (i) that Tenant accepts the Premises as suitable
       for the purposes for which the same are leased, (ii) that Tenant
       accepts the Building and each and every part and appurtenance
       thereof as being in a good and satisfactory condition, and (iii)
       that Landlord has fully complied with Landlord’s obligations
       contained in this Lease with respect to the construction of the
       Complex and the improvements therein and thereto (provided that the
       foregoing shall not relieve Landlord from any of its express repair,
       maintenance, restoration or other obligations under this Lease).

       9. Services to Be Furnished By Landlord.  Landlord shall furnish the
       following services (the “Landlord Services”), such services to be
       provided at all times during the Lease Term (i.e. 24 hours per day,
       7 days per week) and at a level substantially similar to that
       provided in Class A multi-tenant office buildings in the Dallas
       Central Business District (unless otherwise specified):

        
       SUBLEASE AGREEMENTPage 5
       OLD DALLAS LIBRARY BUILDING
        
       -----------------------------------------------------------------

        

        

       (a) Hot and cold water at those points of supply provided for the
       Building, sanitary sewer, and central heat and air conditioning (on
       a twenty-four (24) hour per day, seven (7) day per week basis) in
       season (“HVAC Services”).  Notwithstanding the foregoing, Tenant
       shall be entitled to install a supplemental HVAC system and/or one
       or more supplemental HVAC units in the Premises, at Tenant’s sole
       cost and expense, subject to the provisions of Paragraph 17 below.

       (b) Routine cleaning, maintenance, repairs and electric lighting
       service for the Complex, including cleaning and maintenance of all
       sidewalks, walkways, driveways, parking facilities, and landscaping
       in the common areas.

       (c) All Building standard fluorescent and incandescent bulb
       replacement in the Complex.

       (d) Security services to the Complex (subject to the following
       provisions of this Paragraph 9).

       (e) Electric current to the Premises of six (6) watts per rentable
       square foot thereof (five (5) watts per rentable square foot for
       power (connected load) and one (1) watt per rentable square foot for
       lighting);

       (f) Passenger elevators providing ingress to and egress from all
       floors within the Premises and, to the extent applicable, the
       parking facilities.  Landlord shall ensure that all elevators
       included in Base Building Improvements remain operational at all
       times during the Lease Term (subject only to unavailability for
       reasonable periods as required for repair or maintenance, provided
       that at least one passenger elevator shall remain available during
       such periods).

       (g) Janitorial cleaning service to the Premises, five (5) days per
       week, including garbage removal and window washing (which window
       washing shall be effected no less often than once per year for the
       interior window washing and twice per year for washing the exterior
       of the windows), however in any event such janitorial services shall
       include those janitorial specifications set forth on Exhibit K 
       attached hereto.  Tenant reserves the right to perform its own
       janitorial services within the Premises, in which event Landlord
       thereafter shall have no further obligation under this Lease to
       provide any such services unless Tenant subsequently requests in
       writing that Landlord resume providing such services; provided, that
       (i) during any period in which Tenant has elected to perform such
       services, Base Rental shall be reduced by the cost savings realized
       by Landlord as a result thereof (which costs shall also be excluded
       from Basic Costs), (ii) Tenant shall be responsible for the
       performance such services for at least twelve (12) months before
       requesting that Landlord resume providing such services, and (iii)
       Landlord shall not be required to resume the performance of any such
       services more than once in any five year period unless performance
       issues had originally prompted Tenant to elect to perform such
       services for itself. 

       (h) Electric lighting for all common areas.

       (i) Access to the Premises and all parking facilities on a
       24-hour-per-day, 7-day-per-week, basis.

       (j) As part of the overall security for the Complex and the adjacent
       hotel, Landlord shall provide a dedicated twenty-four (24) hours per
       day / seven (7) days per week manned

        
       SUBLEASE AGREEMENTPage 6
       OLD DALLAS LIBRARY BUILDING
        
       -----------------------------------------------------------------

        

        
           security guard for the Premises and the Complex, manned at all
           times by at least one (1) qualified security professional or
           off-duty law enforcement officer, which security personnel will
           not be shared with the adjacent hotel or any other property. The
           security guards shall be available as necessary to escort
           Tenant’s employees to their parking spaces or surrounding
           locations.  The expenses associated with such security shall be
           included as a part of Basic Costs; notwithstanding the
           foregoing, however, Tenant reserves the right to perform its own
           security services within the Premises and Complex, in which
           event Landlord thereafter shall have no further obligation under
           this Lease to provide any such services unless Tenant
           subsequently requests in writing that Landlord resume providing
           such services; provided, that (i) during any period in which
           Tenant has elected to perform such services, Base Rental shall
           be reduced by the cost savings realized by Landlord as a result
           thereof (which cost savings have been stipulated by the parties
           to be $180,000 annually for purposes of computing such Base
           Rental reduction), which costs shall also be excluded from Basic
           Costs, (ii) Tenant shall be responsible for the performance such
           services for at least twelve (12) months before requesting that
           Landlord resume providing such services, and (iii) Landlord
           shall not be required to resume the performance of any such
           services more than once in any five year period unless
           performance issues had originally prompted Tenant to elect to
           perform such services for itself.  Subject to Landlord’s
           compliance with the foregoing, Landlord shall not be liable to
           Tenant, and Tenant hereby waives any claim against Landlord for
           (i) any unauthorized or criminal entry of third parties into the
           Premises or Complex, (ii) any damage to persons or property, or
           (iii) any loss of property in and about the Premises or Complex
           from an unauthorized or criminal acts of third parties,
           regardless of any action, inaction, failure, breakdown or
           insufficiency of security (unless resulting from the gross
           negligence or willful misconduct of Landlord or its principals,
           officers, directors, employees or agents).  Notwithstanding the
           foregoing, Tenant shall be entitled to install in the Premises a
           separate security and/or access system, at Tenant’s sole cost
           and expense, subject to the provisions of Section 17 below. 

       For the purposes of this Lease, the term “common areas” shall
       include the exterior portions of the Complex (including without
       limitation any exterior structures, parking facilities, and
       driveways situated on the Land).

       Tenant will reimburse Landlord within thirty (30) days after
       invoicing by Landlord for the cost of electricity charges incurred
       for electric current utilized to power all lighting and receptacles 
       within the Premises, which charges shall be based upon separate
       metering device, with no mark-up; or, alternatively (to the extent
       applicable), Tenant shall pay all such charges directly to the
       utility provider prior to delinquency.  To the extent that the
       Premises are not separately metered for electricity, a metering
       device for electricity shall be installed by Tenant’s General
       Contractor as a part of Tenant’s Work, at Tenant’s expense (but
       subject to deduction from the Allowance, as such term is defined in 
       Exhibit D attached hereto).  Landlord shall be deemed to have
       observed and performed the terms and conditions to be performed by
       Landlord under this Lease, including those relating to the
       provisions of utilities and services, if Landlord acts in accordance
       with any legally-mandated directive, policy or request of a
       governmental or quasi-governmental authority servicing the public
       interest in the fields of energy, conservation or security.

       Tenant shall pay to Landlord within thirty (30) days after invoicing
       by Landlord and as additional rent, the actual and reasonable costs
       incurred by Landlord for providing any services requested by Tenant
       in addition to the Landlord Services, to the extent Landlord agrees
       to provide such additional services.

        
       SUBLEASE AGREEMENTPage 7
       OLD DALLAS LIBRARY BUILDING
        
       -----------------------------------------------------------------

        

        
       Water, gas, electrical, and sewer services included in the foregoing
       Building services will be provided through available public
       utilities.  Except as otherwise expressly provided hereinafter, the
       failure by Landlord to any extent to furnish these services, any
       cessation, malfunction, fluctuation, variation, or interruption
       thereof, or any breakdown or malfunction of equipment in the Complex
       resulting from causes beyond the reasonable control of Landlord
       shall not render Landlord liable in any respect for damages, direct
       or consequential, to either persons or property, nor be construed as
       an eviction of Tenant, nor work an abatement of rent, nor relieve
       Tenant from the obligation to fulfill any covenant or agreement
       hereof. 

       Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event any portion of the
       Premises is rendered Untenantable (as defined below) as the result
       of Landlord’s failure to deliver any Landlord Services (such
       failure, a “Service Interruption”) for any reason (except as
       otherwise provided hereinafter) after written notice thereof by
       Tenant to Landlord, Tenant shall be entitled to a fair abatement of
       rent hereunder during the Service Interruption Abatement Period (as
       defined below).  Such abatement shall be a partial abatement of rent
       in the proportion that the rentable area of the portion of the
       Premises that is Untenantable bears to the total rentable square
       footage of the Premises; provided, however, that Tenant shall be
       entitled to a full abatement of rent during any Service Interruption
       Abatement Period where the Service Interruption renders 50% or more
       of the Premises Untenantable.  In addition to the foregoing, if the
       Premises, or a substantial portion thereof, is made Untenantable for
       a period in excess of one hundred eighty (180) consecutive days (or
       for more than 180 days in the aggregate in any three-year period) as
       a result of a Service Interruption, then Tenant (in addition to the
       abatement provided above, which together shall be Tenant’s sole and
       exclusive remedies), shall have the right to elect to terminate this
       Lease at any time during the applicable Service Interruption
       Abatement Period by delivering written notice to Landlord of its
       election, in which case this Lease shall terminate within ten (10)
       days after Landlord’s receipt of such notice.  As used herein, (i)
       the term “Untenantable” shall mean that the Service Interruption
       renders any portion of the Premises unfit for reasonable occupancy
       such that Tenant is not reasonably able to conduct its usual
       business activities therefrom, and (ii) the term “Service
       Interruption Abatement Period” shall mean the period commencing (a)
       on the second business day following written notice of a Service
       Interruption by Tenant to Landlord if such Service Interruption is
       in Landlord’s reasonable control to rectify, or was caused by the
       act or omission of Landlord or its employees, agents or
       representatives, (b) on the fifth business day following written
       notice of a Service Interruption by Tenant to Landlord if such
       Service Interruption is not in Landlord’s reasonable control to
       rectify and was not caused by the act or omission of Landlord or its
       employees, agents or representatives, or (c) on the business day
       following written notice of a Service Interruption by Tenant to
       Landlord if such Service Interruption occurs within twelve (12)
       months of a Service Interruption relating to the failure of same
       service, and ending on the date the Premises or portion thereof is
       no longer rendered Untenantable by a Service Interruption.  For the
       avoidance of doubt, the parties acknowledge and agree that the
       foregoing provisions of this paragraph shall not be applicable to
       any interruption in Landlord Services that is caused by or arises
       out of the negligence or willful misconduct of Tenant or its 
       principals, officers, directors, employees or agents. 

       10. Keys and Locks.  Tenant shall be responsible, as a part of
       Tenant’s Work, for causing Tenant’s General Contractor to install
       the Building’s interior keylock system.  Tenant shall be entitled to
       control all locks or other access devices for exterior entry into
       the Premises, and any keys or access cards or other devices
       associated therewith, provided that Tenant shall provide to Landlord
       copies of keys, cards or other access devices so as to facilitate
       Landlord’s access rights under this Lease (including without
       limitation Paragraph 21 below), and Tenant shall not change any
       access devices or install any additional locks (or otherwise
       materially modify such internal keylock system), without immediately
       providing Landlord means of reasonable access.  Upon termination of
       this Lease, Tenant shall surrender to Landlord all keys, cards and
       other access devices to the Premises (interior and exterior), and
       shall give to Landlord the combinations to all locks for safes, safe
       cabinets, and vault doors, if any, in the Premises.    

        
       SUBLEASE AGREEMENTPage 8
       OLD DALLAS LIBRARY BUILDING
        
       -----------------------------------------------------------------

        

        

       11. Signage.  Subject to the following provisions of this Paragraph
       11, (a) Tenant shall have the right to brand the interior of the
       Premises, as well as to install signage for the exterior of the
       Building, and (b) Tenant shall have the right to install its
       historical “Rock of Truth” monument (that currently resides on the
       front of the Dallas Morning News building) on the exterior or
       interior of the Premises, at Tenant’s election.  All such branding
       and signage (i) shall be subject to Landlord’s prior approval, which
       approval shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed;
       (ii) shall be further subject to code compliance and any required
       approvals from the United States Department of the Interior, the
       National Park Service and the Texas Historical Commission, and
       compliance with all other applicable laws (including without
       limitation all applicable codes and approval requirements of the
       City of Dallas); and (iii) must not adversely affect the Historic
       Tax Credits or the State Tax Credits that are due to the Complex. 
       Landlord, through its architects, has delivered to Tenant
       documentation reflecting certain specific requirements of the 
       United States Department of the Interior, the National Park Service
       and the Texas Historical Commission relating to signage and/or
       interior finish. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained
       herein, Landlord will reasonably cooperate with Tenant in Tenant’s
       efforts to secure any of the approvals required pursuant to this
       Section 11, as well as any necessary approvals from the City of
       Dallas as may be required for Tenant to install monument signage in
       the City-owned sidewalk areas adjacent to the Premises, but Landlord
       shall not be required to incur any expense in connection therewith.
       For the avoidance of doubt, Tenant acknowledges and agrees that,
       notwithstanding any consents or approvals that Landlord may grant
       with respect to any of the foregoing items, Tenant shall not be
       permitted to proceed with the construction or installation of any
       proposed modification to, signage or branding of the Building or the
       Premises until all required approvals have been obtained from the
       United States Department of the Interior, the National Park Service
       and the Texas Historical Commission, as applicable.  All costs for
       such branding and interior or exterior signage shall be the sole
       responsibility of Tenant, but may be deducted from the Allowance. 
       Upon the expiration of the Lease Term or earlier termination of this
       Lease, Tenant shall, at its sole cost and expense, remove all such
       signage and repair any damage to the Premises resulting from such
       removal.

       12. Maintenance and Repairs by Landlord.  Landlord shall maintain
       exterior walls and windows, roof and load bearing elements and other
       structural elements of the Building, the Building’s mechanical,
       electrical, plumbing and heating, ventilation and air conditioning
       systems, and the common areas in first-class condition and repair
       consistent with first-class office buildings in the Dallas Central
       Business District.  Unless otherwise stipulated in this Lease,
       Landlord shall not be required to make any improvements or repairs
       of any kind or character on the Premises during the Lease Term. 

       13. Repairs by Tenant.  With the sole exception of the repair and
       maintenance obligations that are expressly the responsibility of
       Landlord pursuant to this Lease, Tenant shall be responsible for all
       repairs, maintenance and replacements of and to the Premises.  In
       addition, subject to Paragraph 34, Tenant shall repair or replace,
       at Tenant’s cost and expense, any damage done to the Complex, or any
       part thereof, caused by the negligence or willful misconduct of
       Tenant or Tenant’s agents, employees, invitees, or visitors, and
       shall restore the Complex to the same or as good a condition as it
       was prior to such damage.  All repairs and replacements shall be
       effected in compliance with all local, state and federal building
       and fire codes and other applicable laws and regulations, including
       without limitation the Americans with Disabilities Act (Public Law
       101‑336 (July 26, 1990)) and the Texas Architectural Barriers Act
       (Article 9102, Tex. Rev. Civ. St. (1991)) (the foregoing,
       collectively, the “Disabilities Acts”).  If Tenant fails to make
       such repairs or replacements promptly, Landlord may, at its option,
       make the repairs or replacements, and Tenant shall pay the
       reasonable out-of-pocket cost thereof to Landlord within thirty (30)
       days after Landlord’s written demand.  Any repairs required to be
       made by Tenant to the mechanical, electrical, sanitary, heating,
       ventilating, air conditioning or other system of the Building shall
       be performed only by contractor(s) designated by Landlord and only
       upon the prior written approval

        
       SUBLEASE AGREEMENTPage 9
       OLD DALLAS LIBRARY BUILDING
        
       -----------------------------------------------------------------

        

        
       of Landlord as to the work to be performed and materials to be
       furnished in connection therewith.  Any other repairs in or to the
       Building, the Complex, and the facilities and systems thereof for
       which Tenant is responsible shall be performed by Landlord at
       Tenant’s reasonable expense; in no event shall Landlord require
       Tenant to furnish to Landlord any bond or other security in
       connection with such work by Tenant.

       14. Care of Premises.  Tenant shall not commit or allow any waste or
       damage to be committed on any portion of the Premises, and at the
       termination of this Lease, by lapse of time or otherwise, shall
       deliver possession of the Premises to Landlord in as good a
       condition as at the Commencement Date, ordinary wear and tear and
       damage by casualty excepted.  Upon any termination of this Lease,
       Landlord shall have the right to reenter and resume possession of
       the Premises.

       15. Peaceful Enjoyment.  Tenant shall be entitled to quiet enjoyment
       of the Premises, and shall peacefully have, hold and enjoy the
       Premises without hindrance from Landlord or any person lawfully
       claiming by, through or under Landlord, provided that Tenant timely
       pays the rent and other sums herein required to be paid by Tenant
       and timely performs all of Tenant’s covenants and agreements herein
       contained.  This covenant and any and all other covenants and
       agreements of Landlord contained in the Lease shall be binding upon
       Landlord and its successors only with respect to breaches occurring
       during its or their respective periods of ownership of Landlord’s
       interest hereunder (but only to extent all such covenants or
       agreements have been assumed in writing by Landlord’s successors).

       16. Notice to Vacate; Holding Over.  If after expiration of the
       Lease Term or earlier termination of this Lease, Tenant holds over
       without the prior written consent of Landlord, such continued
       occupancy by Tenant shall be deemed a tenancy-at-sufferance, and
       Tenant shall, throughout the entire holdover period, pay Base Rental
       in an amount equal to one hundred fifty percent (150%) of the Base
       Rental payable during the last month of the Lease Term, plus all
       other amounts that would otherwise have been payable hereunder as
       rent had the Lease Term continued through the period of such holding
       over by Tenant; provided, however, that (i) the continued occupancy
       by Tenant during the first three (3) months of any such holdover
       shall be deemed a month-to-month tenancy in an amount equal to one
       hundred twenty-five percent (125%) of the Base Rental payable during
       the last month of the Lease Term, and (ii) Landlord’s acceptance of
       any holdover rent payment after such initial three (3) month period
       shall not constitute nor imply any consent by Landlord to any such
       holding over by Tenant beyond such period.  Notwithstanding the
       reference herein to a month-to-month tenancy, Landlord shall not in
       any event be required to provide Tenant with any form of termination
       notice or notice to vacate; no holding over by Tenant after the
       expiration of the Lease Term, for such initial three-month period or
       otherwise, shall be construed to extend the Lease Term; and in the
       event of any unauthorized holding over beyond such initial three (3)
       month period, and provided that Landlord has leased all or part of
       the Premises and provides Tenant with written notice thereof giving
       Tenant at least three months to vacate prior to incurring any
       liability, Tenant shall indemnify, defend and hold Landlord harmless
       from and against all damages resulting from any such holdover
       (Landlord waiving, however, any right to recover consequential
       damages which may accrue during the first three (3) months of any
       such holdover period). 

       17. Alterations, Additions, and Improvements. 

       (a) Tenant shall not make or allow to be made any alterations or
       physical additions in or to the Premises or Building (such as
       changes or alterations that would affect the interior or exterior of
       the Building, window treatments, paint, surface texture, awnings or
       light fixtures) without first obtaining the written consent of
       Landlord in each such instance, which consent shall not be
       unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed (except as otherwise
       expressly provided hereinafter). Landlord’s consent right hereunder
       shall include, without limitation, the right to approve Tenant’s
       proposed plans and specifications relating to such proposed
       alterations or

        
       SUBLEASE AGREEMENTPage 10
       OLD DALLAS LIBRARY BUILDING
        
       -----------------------------------------------------------------

        

        
           physical additions, which approval shall not be unreasonably
           withheld, conditioned or delayed.  Withholding of Landlord’s
           consent will be deemed reasonable if Landlord reasonably
           believes any such alterations or changes to the Premises or
           Building could cause the Building to not be in compliance with
           the standards required for the Building to maintain its Part 3
           Certification from the United States Department of the Interior,
           National Park Service.  Tenant agrees to indemnify Landlord and
           hold Landlord harmless against any loss, liability, claim, or
           damage resulting from any work done by Tenant in or to the
           Premises.  Any and all alterations, physical additions, or
           improvements, when made to the Premises by Tenant, shall be done
           in a good and workmanlike manner, lien-free and in accordance
           with all applicable laws, codes, regulations, and requirements
           and shall at once become the property of Landlord. 
           Notwithstanding any other provision in this Lease, Landlord’s
           consent shall not be required for any alteration or improvement
           that (i) will not adversely affect the structural elements of
           the Building or the Building’s major systems, and (ii) will not
           cause the Building to not be in compliance with the standards
           required for the Building to maintain its Part 3 Certification
           from the United States Department of the Interior, National Park
           Service.

       (b) Subject to Landlord’s right to approve Tenant’s proposed plans
       and specifications, which approval shall not be unreasonably
       withheld, conditioned or delayed, Tenant shall have the right to
       install a custom staircase within the Premises, at Tenant’s sole
       cost and expense, provided such custom staircase complies with all
       applicable laws, codes and regulations, and with Landlord’s
       structural requirements for the affected floors.  If Tenant installs
       such staircase, Tenant shall be responsible for removing the same
       when Tenant vacates the Premises at the end of the Lease Term and
       for restoring the area to its prior condition.

       (c) Subject to Landlord’s right to approve Tenant’s proposed plans
       and specifications, which approval shall not be unreasonably
       withheld, conditioned or delayed, Tenant shall have the right (i) to
       use the existing structurally-prepared rooftop patio (1,918 square
       feet); provided, that if Tenant elects to use such space, Tenant
       shall, at its sole cost and expense, install a decking finish which
       complies with all applicable laws, codes and regulations (with the
       costs associated therewith to be deducted from the Allowance); and
       (ii) to finish out all or any portion of the remainder of the roof
       area, at Tenant’s sole cost and in compliance with all applicable
       laws, codes and regulations; provided, that such remainder of the
       roof area is not, as of the Effective Date, structurally prepared,
       such that Tenant, if it elects to finish out all or any part of such
       area, must also cause the same to be structurally prepared, at
       Tenant’s sole cost and in compliance with all applicable laws, codes
       and regulations.  Any such roof-top area improved by Tenant in
       accordance herewith, and Tenant’s use thereof, shall be subject to
       all of the terms and conditions set forth in this Lease (including
       without limitation Tenant’s maintenance obligations under Paragraph
       13), other than those pertaining to the payment of rent.  With
       respect to any such construction by Tenant, (A) Tenant shall consult
       with a structural engineer of Landlord’s choice and/or Landlord’s
       roofing contractor to insure that neither the integrity of the roof
       of the Premises, nor Landlord’s roof warranty, shall be negatively
       affected by the placement and installation of any of the foregoing
       roof-top improvements; (B) any and all roof penetrations must be
       performed by Landlord’s roofing contractor; and (C) any structural
       and/or roof damage caused by the installation, use, operation or
       maintenance of any of the foregoing roof-top improvements shall be
       promptly repaired at Tenant’s sole cost and expense.  For the
       avoidance of doubt, the parties acknowledge and agree that the
       rooftop areas, including the patio, shall be considered and treated
       as rentable square feet within the Premises but shall not be
       included in the calculation of rent or the Allowance.

        
       SUBLEASE AGREEMENTPage 11
       OLD DALLAS LIBRARY BUILDING
        
       -----------------------------------------------------------------

        

        

       (d) Notwithstanding any consents or approvals that Landlord may
       grant pursuant to this Lease (including without limitation pursuant
       to the foregoing provisions of this Paragraph 17), Tenant
       acknowledges and agrees that it shall not be permitted to proceed
       with the construction or installation of any proposed modification
       to the Building or the Premises (including without limitation
       Tenant’s Work) until all required approvals have been obtained from
       the United States Department of the Interior, the National Park
       Service and the Texas Historical Commission, as applicable. 
       Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, (i)
       Landlord will reasonably cooperate with Tenant in Tenant’s efforts
       to secure any such necessary approvals, but Landlord shall not be
       required to incur any expense in connection therewith, and (ii)
       Tenant shall be entitled to rely on any required approvals obtained
       from the United States Department of the Interior, the National Park
       Service and the Texas Historical Commission in connection with any
       construction in or about, or modification to, the Building or the
       Premises (including without limitation Tenant’s Work), and provided
       that the work done by Tenant is performed in accordance with such
       required approvals, Tenant shall have no liability for any costs or
       damages (including the costs of any required renovation) should it
       later be determined that any such approval was given erroneously or
       that historic approvals were required from other agencies or
       entities for the applicable work previously approved by the United
       States Department of the Interior, the National Park Service and the
       Texas Historical Commission, as applicable.

       18. Legal Use and Violations of Insurance.  Tenant shall not occupy
       or use, or permit any portion of the Premises to be occupied or
       used, for any business or purpose that is unlawful, disreputable or
       extra-hazardous in any manner, or permit anything to be done that
       could in any way increase the rate or result in the denial or
       reduction of fire, liability or any other insurance coverage on the
       Complex and/or its contents.  If, by reason of Tenant’s acts or
       conduct of business inconsistent with the preceding sentence, there
       shall be an increase in the rate of insurance on the Building or the
       Building’s contents, then Tenant shall pay such increase to Landlord
       immediately upon demand as additional rent.

       19. Laws and Regulations.    

       (a) Tenant shall comply at its sole cost and expense with all laws,
       ordinances, statutes, rules and regulations of any state, federal,
       municipal, or other government or governmental agency or
       quasi-governmental agency having jurisdiction of the Premises that
       relate to the use, condition or occupancy of the Premises and the
       conduct of Tenant’s business thereon, including, without limitation,
       compliance with the Disabilities Acts, as amended and any
       regulations promulgated thereunder.  If at any time during the Lease
       Term Tenant and Landlord agree to amend this Lease to reduce the
       size of the Premises such that Tenant is no longer leasing all space
       in the Building, and thereafter Landlord leases such relinquished
       space to a third-party tenant, then Tenant will comply with the
       rules and regulations of the Complex as set forth in Exhibit C 
       attached hereto at all times the Building has multiple tenants, as
       such rules and regulations may be reasonably amended by Landlord
       from time to time for the safety, care, and cleanliness of the
       Premises and Complex and for the preservation of good order therein,
       provided that all such changes are sent by Landlord to Tenant in
       writing and no such changes diminish Tenant’s rights under this
       Lease in any material respect or increase Tenant’s obligations under
       this Lease in any material respect.  Notwithstanding anything to the
       contrary set forth herein, in the event of any conflict between any
       such rules and the provisions of this Lease, the terms of this Lease
       shall govern and control.

        
       SUBLEASE AGREEMENTPage 12
       OLD DALLAS LIBRARY BUILDING
        
       -----------------------------------------------------------------

        

        

       (b) Subject to the provisions of Paragraph 19(c) below, Tenant
       acknowledges that it will be wholly responsible for any
       accommodations or alterations which need to be made to the Premises
       to accommodate disabled employees and customers of Tenant, including
       requirements under the Disabilities Acts.  Any alterations made to
       the Premises in order to comply with either statute must be made
       solely at Tenant’s expense and in compliance with all terms and
       requirements of the Lease.  If, following the Commencement Date, a
       complaint is received by Landlord from either a private or
       government complainant regarding disability access to the common
       areas of the Complex, Landlord reserves the right to mediate,
       contest, comply with or otherwise respond to such complaint as
       Landlord reasonably deems to be prudent under the circumstances.  In
       the event Landlord is required to take action to effectuate
       compliance with such statutes, Landlord shall have a reasonable
       period of time to make the improvements and alterations necessary to
       effectuate such compliance, which period of time shall be extended
       by any time reasonably necessary to cause any necessary improvements
       and alterations to be made.

       (c) For the avoidance of doubt, Landlord acknowledges and agrees
       that Tenant’s obligations under this Lease to comply with the
       Disabilities Acts shall be subject to Landlord’s obligations under 
       Exhibit D and Schedule 1 attached hereto.

       20. Nuisance.  Tenant shall conduct its business and control its
       agents, employees, invitees, and visitors in such manner as not to
       create any nuisance.

       21. Entry by Landlord.  Tenant shall permit Landlord and its agents
       and representatives to enter any part of the Premises at all
       reasonable hours (and in emergencies at all times), upon 24 hour
       prior notice to Tenant (except in case of emergencies when Landlord
       may enter the Premises at any time and give whatever notice may be
       feasible under the circumstances, including prompt notice after the
       fact) (a) to inspect the same; (b) to show the Premises to
       prospective purchasers, mortgagees, or insurers; (c) within the last
       six (6) months of the Lease Term, to show the Premises to
       prospective tenants; and (d) to clean or make repairs, as required
       under the terms of this Lease.  Tenant shall not be entitled to any
       abatement or reduction of rent by reason of such entry.    In
       connection with any such access by Landlord to the Premises,
       Landlord shall use commercially reasonable efforts to minimize any
       disruption to Tenant’s business operations therein.  Landlord shall
       have the right to use any and all commercially reasonable means
       which Landlord may deem proper to enter the Premises in an
       emergency.  Tenant shall be entitled to have a representative of
       Tenant present during any such access by Landlord hereunder.

       22. Assignment and Subletting.    

       (a) Tenant shall not, without the prior written consent of Landlord
       (which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or
       delayed), (i) assign this Lease or any estate or interest therein,
       or (ii) sublease the Premises or any part thereof, or (iii) grant
       any license, concession, or other right of occupancy of any portion
       of the Premises.  Consent by Landlord to one or more assignments or
       sublettings shall not operate as a waiver of Landlord’s rights as to
       any subsequent assignments and subletting.  Subject to the
       provisions of Paragraph 22(e) below, all such money or other
       considerations not paid or delivered to Landlord shall be held in
       trust for the benefit of Landlord and shall be promptly paid or
       delivered to Landlord.  Notwithstanding any assignment or subletting
       consented to by Landlord, Tenant and Guarantor (as such term is
       defined in Paragraph 27(a)(iii) below) shall at all times remain
       fully responsible and liable for the payment of the rent herein
       specified and for compliance with all of Tenant’s other obligations
       under this Lease.  If any Event of Default (as such term is defined
       in Paragraph 27 below) should occur while the Premises or any part
       thereof are then assigned or sublet, Landlord, in addition to any
       other remedies herein provided or provided by law, may at its option
       collect directly from

        
       SUBLEASE AGREEMENTPage 13
       OLD DALLAS LIBRARY BUILDING
        
       -----------------------------------------------------------------

        

        
           such assignee or subtenant all rents becoming due to Tenant
           under such assignment or sublease, and apply such rent against
           any sums due to Landlord by Tenant hereunder, and Tenant hereby
           directs any such assignee or subtenant to make such payments of
           rent directly to Landlord upon receipt of notice from Landlord. 
           No direct collection by Landlord from any such assignee or
           subtenant shall be construed to constitute a novation or a
           release of Tenant or Guarantor from the further performance of
           its obligations hereunder.  Receipt by Landlord of rent from any
           assignee, subtenant or occupant of the Premises shall not be
           deemed a waiver of the covenant contained in this Lease against
           assignment and subletting or a release of Tenant from any
           obligation under this Lease.  The receipt by Landlord to any
           such assignee or subtenant obligated to make payments of rent
           shall be a full and complete release, discharge, and acquittance
           to such assignee or subtenant to the extent of any such amount
           of rent so paid to Landlord.  Landlord is authorized and
           empowered, on behalf of Tenant, to endorse the name of Tenant
           upon any check, draft, or other instrument payable to Tenant
           evidencing payment of rent, or any part thereof, and to apply
           the proceeds therefrom in accordance with the terms hereof. 
           Tenant shall not mortgage, pledge, or otherwise encumber its
           interest in this Lease or in the Premises.  Any attempted
           assignment or sublease or encumbrance by Tenant in violation of
           the terms and covenants of this paragraph shall be void.  In no
           event will a merger or consolidation of Tenant with or into any
           other corporation or other entity, a sale or other transfer of
           any of Tenant’s capital stock or other analogous ownership
           interest, or a sale or other transfer of any of Tenant’s assets
           be deemed to constitute an assignment of this Lease. 

       (b) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, and
       without prejudice to Landlord’s right to require a written
       assumption from each assignee, any person or entity to whom this
       Lease is assigned including, without limitation, assignees pursuant
       to the provisions of the Bankruptcy Code, 11 U.S.C. Paragraph 101, 
       et seq. (the “Bankruptcy Code”) shall automatically be deemed, by
       acceptance of such assignment or sublease or by taking actual or
       constructive possession of the Demised Premises,  to have assumed
       all obligations of Tenant arising under this Lease effective as of
       the earlier of the date of such assignment or sublease or the date
       on which the assignee or sublessee obtains possession of the Demised
       Premises.  In the event this Lease is assigned to any person or
       entity pursuant to the provisions of the Bankruptcy Code, any and
       all monies or other consideration payable or otherwise to be
       delivered in connection with such assignment shall be paid or
       delivered to Landlord and shall remain the exclusive property of
       Landlord and not constitute the property of Tenant or Tenant’s
       estate within the meaning of the Bankruptcy Code.  In the event of
       any default described in subsection (a)(iv) of Paragraph 27 below,
       in order to provide Landlord with the assurances contemplated by the
       Bankruptcy Code, in connection with any assignment and assumption of
       this Lease Tenant must fulfill the following obligations, in
       addition to any other reasonable obligations that Landlord may
       require, before any assumption of this Lease is effective: (i) all
       defaults under subsection (a) of Paragraph 27 of this Lease must be
       cured within ten (10) days after the date of assumption; (ii) all
       other defaults under Paragraph 27 of this Lease other than under
       subsection (a)(iv) of Paragraph 27 must be cured within fifteen (15)
       days after the date of assumption; (iii) all actual monetary losses
       incurred by Landlord (including, but not limited to, reasonable
       attorneys’ fees) must be paid to Landlord within ten (10) days after
       the date of assumption; and (iv) Landlord must receive within ten
       (10) days after the date of assumption a security deposit in the
       amount of six (6) months Base Rental (using the Base Rental in
       effect for the first full month immediately following the
       assumption) and an advance prepayment of Base Rental in the amount
       of three (3) months Base Rental (using the Base Rental in effect for
       the first full month immediately following the assumption), both
       sums to be held by Landlord in accordance with subsection (b) of
       this Paragraph 22 and deemed to be rent under this Lease for the
       purposes of the Bankruptcy

        
       SUBLEASE AGREEMENTPage 14
       OLD DALLAS LIBRARY BUILDING
        
       -----------------------------------------------------------------

        

        
           Code as amended and from time to time in effect.  In the event
           this Lease is assumed in accordance with the requirements of the
           Bankruptcy Code and this Lease, and is subsequently assigned,
           then, in addition to any other reasonable obligations that
           Landlord may require and in order to provide Landlord with the
           assurances contemplated by the Bankruptcy Code, Landlord shall
           be provided with (i) a financial statement of the proposed
           assignee prepared in accordance with generally accepted
           accounting principles consistently applied, though on a cash
           basis, which reveals a net worth in an amount sufficient, in
           Landlord’s reasonable judgment, to assure the future performance
           by the proposed assignee of Tenant’s obligations under this
           Lease; or (ii) a written guaranty by one or more guarantors with
           financial ability sufficient to assure the future performance of
           Tenant’s obligations under this Lease, such guaranty to be in
           form and content satisfactory to Landlord and to cover the
           performance of all of Tenant’s obligations under this Lease.

       (c) If Tenant requests Landlord’s consent to an assignment of the
       Lease or subletting of all or a part of the Premises, Tenant shall
       submit to Landlord in writing, at least fifteen (15) days in advance
       of the date on which Tenant desires to make such an assignment or
       sublease, notice of the name of the proposed assignee or subtenant
       and the proposed commencement date of such assignment or subletting,
       together with copies of all agreements entered into or contemplated
       to be entered into regarding such subletting or assignment, and such
       information as Landlord may reasonably request regarding the nature
       and character of the business of the proposed assignee or subtenant.
        Landlord shall have the option (to be exercised within fifteen (15)
       days after Landlord’s receipt of Tenant’s submission of written
       request and all information requested by Landlord in connection
       therewith), (i) to permit Tenant to assign or sublet such space to
       the proposed assignee or subtenant (in which event Tenant shall
       deliver to Landlord fully-executed legible, correct and complete
       copies of all agreements relating to such assignment or subletting);
       or (ii) to refuse to consent to Tenant’s assignment or subleasing of
       such space and to continue this Lease in full force and effect as to
       the entire Premises.  If Landlord should fail to notify Tenant in
       writing of such election within such fifteen (15) day period,
       Landlord shall be deemed to have elected option (ii) above. 
       Notwithstanding Landlord’s consent to any assignment or subletting,
       the terms of this Paragraph 22 shall apply to any further or
       subsequent assignment or subletting.

       (d) Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Paragraph 22,
       Tenant may assign or sublet all or part of its interest in this
       Lease or all or part of the Premises (a “Permitted Transfer”) to the
       following types of entities (a “Permitted Transferee”) without the
       written consent of Landlord: (i) an Affiliate (hereinafter defined)
       of Tenant; (ii) any corporation, limited partnership, limited
       liability partnership, limited liability company or other business
       entity in which or with which Tenant, or its corporate successors or
       assigns, is merged or consolidated, in accordance with applicable
       statutory provisions governing merger and consolidation of business
       entities, so long as (A) Tenant’s obligations hereunder are assumed
       by the entity surviving such merger or created by such
       consolidation; and (B) the Tangible Net Worth (hereinafter defined)
       of the surviving or created entity is not less than the Tangible Net
       Worth of Tenant immediately prior to the date of the Permitted
       Transfer; or (iii) any corporation, limited partnership, limited
       liability partnership, limited liability company or other business
       entity acquiring all or substantially all of Tenant’s assets, so
       long as (A) Tenant’s obligations hereunder are assumed by the entity
       surviving such merger or created by such consolidation; and (B) such
       entity’s Tangible Net Worth after such acquisition is not less than
       the Tangible Net Worth of Tenant immediately prior to the date of
       the Permitted Transfer.  Tenant shall promptly notify Landlord of
       any such Permitted Transfer.  Tenant shall remain liable for the
       performance of all of the obligations of

        
       SUBLEASE AGREEMENTPage 15
       OLD DALLAS LIBRARY BUILDING
        
       -----------------------------------------------------------------

        

        
           Tenant hereunder, or if Tenant no longer exists because of a
           merger, consolidation, or acquisition, the surviving or
           acquiring entity shall expressly assume in writing the
           obligations of Tenant hereunder.  Additionally, the Permitted
           Transferee shall comply with all of the terms and conditions of
           this Lease, including the use permitted under Paragraph 4, and
           the use of the Premises by the Permitted Transferee may not
           violate any other agreements affecting Landlord, the Premises or
           the Complex.  No later than thirty (30) days after the effective
           date of any Permitted Transfer, Tenant agrees to furnish
           Landlord with copies of the instrument effecting any of the
           foregoing Permitted Transfers, documentation establishing
           Tenant’s satisfaction of the requirements set forth above
           applicable to any such Permitted Transfer, and evidence of
           insurance as required under this Lease with respect to the
           Permitted Transferee.  The occurrence of a Permitted Transfer
           shall not waive Landlord’s rights as to any subsequent
           transfers.  “Affiliate” means any person or entity which,
           directly or indirectly, through one or more intermediaries,
           controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with
           Tenant. “Tangible Net Worth” means the excess of total assets
           over total liabilities, in each case as determined in accordance
           with generally accepted accounting principles consistently
           applied (“GAAP”), excluding, however, from the determination of
           total assets all assets which would be classified as intangible
           assets under GAAP including goodwill, licenses, patents,
           trademarks, trade names, copyrights, and franchises.  Any
           subsequent transfer by a Permitted Transferee shall be subject
           to the terms of this Paragraph 22.

       (e) With respect to any assignment or subletting other than a
       Permitted Transfer, Tenant shall pay Landlord fifty percent (50%) of
       Tenant’s Profit (hereinafter defined) from such transfer.  The term
       “Tenant’s Profit” means the amount by which the aggregate
       consideration received by Tenant for such assignment or subletting
       exceeds that payable by Tenant under this Lease (prorated according
       to the transferred interest), after deducting therefrom Tenant’s
       reasonable costs of assigning or subletting the Premises, including
       the following costs, without duplication: the reasonable cost of any
       leasehold improvements paid for by Tenant, reasonable leasing
       commissions, and reasonable outside attorneys’ fees; provided, that
       such costs shall not include administrative costs of Tenant or any
       charge for time spent by Tenant’s employees related to such
       transfer. After first deducting therefrom Tenant’s reasonable costs
       of such transfer, Tenant shall pay Landlord its share of Tenant’s
       Profit over the term of the assignment or sublease, as received by
       Tenant from the assignee or subtenant.

       23. Transfers by Landlord.  Landlord shall have the right to
       transfer and assign, in whole or in part, all its rights and
       obligations hereunder and in the Complex and other property referred
       to herein, and in such event and upon any such transfer in which the
       transferee assumes in writing all obligations of Landlord under this
       Lease (any such transferee to have the benefit of, and be subject
       to, the rights and obligations of Landlord hereunder), Landlord
       shall be released from any further obligations hereunder accruing
       from and after the date of such transfer, and Tenant agrees to look
       solely to such successor in interest of Landlord for the performance
       of such obligations.

       24. Subordination to Mortgage; Non-Disturbance. 

       (a) Subject to the provisions of Paragraphs 24(b) and 24(c) below,
       this Lease is subject and subordinate to any mortgage or deed of
       trust that may now or hereafter encumber the Complex, and to all
       renewals, modifications, consolidations, replacements, and
       extensions thereof.  This clause shall be self-operative and no
       further instrument of subordination need be required by any
       mortgagee or beneficiary of all or any portion of the Complex
       (together with any ground lessor under a ground lease of all or any
       portion of the Complex, a “Landlord’s

        
       SUBLEASE AGREEMENTPage 16
       OLD DALLAS LIBRARY BUILDING
        
       -----------------------------------------------------------------

        

        
           Mortgagee”); provided that any such Landlord’s Mortgagee may
           elect to make this Lease superior to such mortgage or deed of
           trust, and Tenant shall, within ten (10) business days after the
           written request of Landlord or Landlord’s Mortgagee, execute any
           instrument evidencing such election that Landlord, Owner or
           Landlord’s Mortgagee may reasonably request.  Similarly, in
           confirmation of any such subordination, Tenant shall, within ten
           (10) business days after the written request of Landlord or
           Landlord’s Mortgagee, execute any certificate or instrument
           evidencing such subordination that Landlord, Owner or Landlord’s
           Mortgagee may reasonably request.  In the event of the
           enforcement by Landlord’s Mortgagee under any such mortgage or
           deed of trust of the remedies provided for by law or by such
           mortgage or deed of trust, Tenant will attorn to and
           automatically become the Tenant of such successor in interest
           without change in the terms or other provisions of this Lease.
           Within ten (10) business days after written request by any
           Landlord’s Mortgagee, Tenant shall execute and deliver any
           instrument or instruments confirming the attornment provided for
           herein that Landlord, Owner or Landlord’s Mortgagee may
           reasonably request.

       (b) Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of Paragraph 24(a),  
       it shall be a condition to Tenant’s agreement to the provisions of 
       Paragraph 24(a) that, so long as no Event of Default by Tenant is
       then in existence, (i) Tenant’s right of possession of the Premises
       and Tenant’s rights arising out of this Lease shall not be affected
       or disturbed by any Landlord’s Mortgagee in the exercise of any of
       its rights under its mortgage, deed of trust or ground lease; and
       (ii) in the event that any Landlord’s Mortgagee or other person
       acquires title to and/or the right to possession of the Premises
       pursuant to the exercise of any remedy provided for in a mortgage,
       deed of trust or ground lease, or under the laws of the State of
       Texas, this Lease shall not be terminated or affected by such
       acquisition of title and/or right to possession, regardless whether
       it is by foreclosure, by sale resulting from any such proceeding, by
       termination of a ground lease, or otherwise, and Landlord hereby
       covenants that any such sale of and/or right to possession of the
       Premises pursuant to the exercise of any such rights and remedies
       shall be made subject to this Lease and the rights of Tenant
       hereunder; provided, however, that Tenant shall attorn to such
       Landlord’s Mortgagee or other person as its new Landlord in
       accordance with Paragraph 24(a) above, and this Lease shall continue
       in full force and effect as a direct Lease between Tenant and such
       Landlord’s Mortgagee or other person upon all the terms, covenants,
       conditions and agreements set forth in this Lease.

       (c) Concurrently with the execution of this Lease by the parties,
       Landlord shall deliver to Tenant an agreement (“Non-Disturbance
       Agreement”) with respect to each mortgage or lien affecting the
       Premises or the Building as of the Effective Date, pursuant to the
       form attached hereto as Exhibit L, signed by Landlord’s Mortgagee.  
       Tenant shall not be responsible for the payment of any charges
       imposed by Landlord’s Mortgagee in connection therewith. As a
       condition precedent to Tenant’s subordination of its interest in
       this Lease to any mortgage or lien to be created subsequent to the
       Effective Date, Landlord shall deliver to Tenant a non-disturbance
       agreement, in form and substance substantially similar to the
       Non-Disturbance Agreement, executed by Landlord and the holder of
       each such future mortgage or lien.

       (d) If Landlord’s Mortgagee or any other person shall succeed to the
       interest of Landlord under this Lease, Landlord’s Mortgagee or such
       other person shall not be bound by (i) any payment of rent or
       additional rent for more than one (1) month in advance, except
       advance rental payments expressly provided for in this Lease; (ii)
       any modification of this Lease made without the written consent of
       such Landlord’s Mortgagee or such successor in interest that would
       reduce Base Rental owed by “Tenant” under this Lease, or materially
       reduce any other monetary

        
       SUBLEASE AGREEMENTPage 17
       OLD DALLAS LIBRARY BUILDING
        
       -----------------------------------------------------------------

        

        
           obligation of “Tenant” under this Lease; (iii) liable for any
           act or omission of Landlord; or (iv) subject to any offset or
           defense arising prior to the date such successor in interest
           acquired title to the Building; notwithstanding the foregoing,
           however, Tenant shall have the right to assert any offset or
           self-help rights expressly set forth in this Lease provided (A)
           such offset or self-help rights are expressly granted to Tenant
           in this Lease, and (B) Tenant, prior to asserting any such
           offset or self-help right, provides written notice to Landlord’s
           Mortgagee of its intent to assert such offset or self-help
           right, and, if such offset or self-help right is based on a
           default by Landlord, Tenant has provided Landlord’s Mortgagee a
           reasonable opportunity to cure such default; and (iv) any
           termination of this Lease made without the prior written consent
           of Landlord’s Mortgagee, except for those terminations permitted
           to be made by Tenant pursuant to the express terms of this Lease
           and except for those terminations permitted to be made by
           Landlord without the consent of Landlord’s Mortgagee pursuant to
           the terms of the loan documents between Landlord and Landlord’s
           Mortgagee. Nothing in this Lease shall be construed to require
           Landlord’s Mortgagee to see to the application of the proceeds
           of any loan, and Tenant’s agreements set forth herein shall not
           be impaired on account of any modification of the documents
           evidencing and securing any loan.  Notwithstanding the
           foregoing, in the event of any conflict between the foregoing
           provisions of this Paragraph 24(d) and the corresponding
           provisions of the Non-Disturbance Agreement delivered
           concurrently with the execution of this Lease, the corresponding
           provisions of the Non-Disturbance Agreement shall govern and
           control.

       25. Mechanic’s Liens.  Tenant shall not permit any mechanic’s lien
       or liens to be placed upon the Premises or the Complex during the
       Lease Term caused by or resulting from any work performed, materials
       furnished, or obligation incurred by or at the request of Tenant,
       and nothing contained in this Lease shall be deemed as constituting
       the consent or request of Landlord, express or implied, to any
       contractor, subcontractor, laborer, or materialman for the
       performance of any labor or the furnishing of any materials for any
       specific improvement, alteration, or repair to the Premises, or any
       part thereof, nor as giving Tenant any authority to contract for or
       permit the rendering of any services or the furnishing of any
       materials that would give rise to the filing of any mechanic’s or
       other liens against the interest of Landlord in the Premises.  If a
       lien is filed upon the interest of Landlord or Tenant in the
       Premises or the Complex caused by or resulting from any work
       performed, materials furnished, or obligation incurred by or at the
       request of Tenant, Tenant shall cause the same to be discharged of
       record within ten (10) days after Tenant’s receipt of written notice
       of the filing of same. If Tenant shall fail to discharge such
       mechanic’s lien within such period, then, in addition to any other
       right or remedy of Landlord, Landlord may discharge the same, either
       by paying the amount claimed to be due, or by procuring the
       discharge of such lien by deposit in court or bonding.  Any amount
       paid by Landlord for any of the aforesaid purposes, or for the
       satisfaction of any other lien not caused by Landlord, with interest
       thereon at the rate hereinafter provided from the date of payment,
       shall be paid by Tenant to Landlord immediately on demand as rent.

       26. Estoppel Certificate.  Each party (the “Responding Party”)
       shall, at any time and from time to time, within ten (10) days from
       any written request by the other party (the “Requesting Party”),
       execute, acknowledge, and deliver to the Requesting Party an
       estoppel certificate in writing executed by the Responding Party,
       certifying to the Requesting Party (and/or to any person or entity
       designated by the Requesting Party) as to such matters relating to
       this Lease as the Requesting Party may reasonably request.  If
       Landlord is the Requesting Party, it shall be reasonable for
       Landlord to request that Tenant certify, if true, that (a) Tenant is
       in possession of the Premises under the terms of this Lease, (b)
       this Lease is unmodified and in full effect (or, if there have been
       modifications, that this Lease is in full effect as modified, and
       setting forth such modifications), (c) the dates to which the rent
       has been paid, and (d) to the knowledge of Tenant no default exists
       hereunder (or specifying each such default of which Tenant

        
       SUBLEASE AGREEMENTPage 18
       OLD DALLAS LIBRARY BUILDING
        
       -----------------------------------------------------------------

        

        
       may have knowledge).  If Tenant is the Requesting Party, it shall be
       reasonable for Tenant to request that Landlord certify, if true,
       that (a) Landlord is the current holder of the lessor’s interest
       under this Lease and the lessee’s interest under the Master Lease,
       (b) the Master Lease remains in full force and effect, (c) this
       Lease is unmodified and in full effect (or, if there have been
       modifications, that this Lease is in full effect as modified, and
       setting forth such modifications), and Tenant’s interest in this
       Lease or the Premises has not been assigned or subleased (or, if
       there has been an assignment or sublease, setting forth same), (d)
       the dates to which the rent has been paid, and (e) to the knowledge
       of Landlord no default exists hereunder (or specifying each such
       default of which Landlord may have knowledge).  Any such estoppel
       certificate delivered by Tenant may be relied upon by any
       prospective purchaser or mortgagee of the Complex.  Any such
       estoppel certificate delivered by Landlord may be relied upon by any
       prospective assignee or sublessee of Tenant’s interest in this Lease
       or the Premises.

       27. Events of Default.    

       (a) The following events shall be “Events of Default” by Tenant
       under this Lease:

       (i) Tenant shall fail to pay any scheduled monthly installment of
       Base Rental or estimated Excess Basic Costs when due and such
       failure shall continue for ten (10) business days after delivery of
       written notice from Landlord to Tenant specifying Tenant’s failure
       to pay such amount; provided, however, that for each calendar year
       during which Landlord has already given Tenant three (3) written
       notices of the failure to pay any such amount, no further notice
       shall be required (i.e., the Event of Default will automatically
       occur on the tenth business day after the day upon which such amount
       was due). 

       (ii) Tenant shall fail to pay any rent or other sum of money payable
       hereunder when due, other than failure to pay any scheduled monthly
       installment of Base Rental or estimated Excess Basic Costs, and such
       failure shall continue for ten (10) business days after delivery of
       written notice from Landlord to Tenant specifying Tenant’s failure
       to pay such amount. 

       (iii) Tenant shall fail or refuse to comply with any term,
       provision, or covenant of this Lease, other than the payment of
       rent, or any term, provision, or covenant of any other agreement
       between Landlord and Tenant, and shall not cure such failure or
       refusal within thirty 30 days after written notice thereof from
       Landlord to Tenant; provided, that if such failure cannot be
       reasonably cured within such 30-day period, no Event of Default
       shall occur hereunder if Tenant commences curative action within
       such 30-day period and thereafter diligently and continuously
       pursues the curative action to completion.

       (iv) Tenant or any guarantor of Tenant’s obligations hereunder
       (hereinafter called “Guarantor”) shall admit in writing its
       inability to pay its debts as the same mature, make a transfer in
       fraud of creditors, make a general assignment for the benefit of
       creditors, or admit in writing its inability to pay its debts as
       they become due.

       (v) Tenant or any Guarantor shall file a petition under any section
       or chapter of the Federal Bankruptcy Code, as amended from time to
       time, or under any similar law or statute or the United States or
       any State thereof, or an order for relief shall be entered against
       Tenant or any Guarantor in any bankruptcy or insolvency proceedings,
       or a petition or answer proposing the entry of an order for relief
       against Tenant or any

        
       SUBLEASE AGREEMENTPage 19
       OLD DALLAS LIBRARY BUILDING
        
       -----------------------------------------------------------------

        

        
              Guarantor in a bankruptcy or its reorganization proceedings
              under any present or future federal or state bankruptcy or
              similar law shall be filed in any court and not discharged or
              denied within thirty (30) days after its filing.

       (vi) A receiver, trustee or custodian shall be appointed for all or
       substantially all of the assets of Tenant or any Guarantor or of the
       Premises or any of Tenant’s property located therein in any
       proceeding brought by Tenant or any Guarantor, or any such receiver,
       trustee or custodian shall be appointed in any proceeding brought
       against Tenant or any Guarantor and shall not be discharged within
       thirty (30) days after such appointment, or Tenant or such Guarantor
       shall consent to or acquiesce in such appointment.

       (b) If an Event of Default occurs, Landlord shall have the right to
       pursue any one or more of the following remedies in addition to all
       other rights or remedies provided herein or at law or in equity:

       (i) Landlord may terminate this Lease or, without terminating this
       Lease, terminate Tenant’s right of possession and forthwith
       repossess the Premises by forcible entry and detainer suit or
       otherwise in accordance with applicable law without liability for
       trespass or conversion and be entitled to recover as damages a sum
       of money equal to the total of (A) the cost of recovering the
       Premises, (B) the unpaid rent due and payable at the time of
       termination, plus interest thereon at the rate hereinafter specified
       from the due date, (C) the balance of the rent for the remainder of
       the Lease Term, reduce to present value using a discount rate equal
       to one percent (1%) over the prime rate then published by JP Morgan
       Chase Bank or its successor, less the fair market value of the
       Premises for such period, similarly discounted, and (D) any other
       sum of money and damages owed by Tenant to Landlord.

       (ii) Landlord may terminate Tenant’s right of possession and may
       repossess the premises by forcible entry or detainer suit or
       otherwise in accordance with applicable law without liability for
       trespass or conversion, without demand or notice of any kind to
       Tenant and without terminating this Lease, in which event Landlord
       shall use good faith commercially reasonable efforts to relet the
       same for the account of Tenant for such rent and upon such terms as
       shall be reasonably satisfactory to Landlord.  If Landlord exercises
       the remedies provided in this subparagraph, Tenant shall pay to
       Landlord, and Landlord shall be entitled to recover from Tenant, an
       amount equal to the total of the following: (A) unpaid rent, plus
       interest at the rate hereinafter provided, owing under this Lease
       the for all periods of time that the Premises are not relet; plus
       (B) the cost of recovering possession, and all of the costs and
       expenses of repairs as may be required to put the Premises in the
       condition required in this Lease upon surrender; plus (C) any
       deficiency in the rentals and other sums actually received by
       Landlord from any such reletting from the rent and additional rent
       required to be paid under this Lease with respect to the periods the
       Premises are so relet, and Tenant shall satisfy and pay any such
       deficiency upon demand therefor from time to time.  Tenant agrees
       that Landlord may file suit to recover any sums falling due under
       the terms of this subparagraph from time to time; and that no
       delivery or recovery of any portion due Landlord hereunder shall be
       a defense in any action to recover any amount not theretofore
       reduced to judgment in favor of Landlord, nor shall such reletting
       be construed as an election on the part of Landlord to terminate
       this Lease unless a written notice of such intention be given to
       Tenant by

        
       SUBLEASE AGREEMENTPage 20
       OLD DALLAS LIBRARY BUILDING
        
       -----------------------------------------------------------------

        

        
              Landlord.  Notwithstanding any such reletting without
              termination, Landlord may at any time thereafter elect to
              terminate this Lease for such previous default.

       (iii) Offset against any rents, damages, or other sums of money owed
       by Tenant any security deposit and/or any advance rent applicable to
       any time period after the occurrence of the default and any sums
       which would then or thereafter otherwise be due from Landlord to
       Tenant.

       Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth above or provided
       by law, (i) Landlord shall have no right to exercise any contractual
       or statutory lock-out (but may seek to recover possession of the
       Premises through any applicable judicial process), and (ii)
       following any surrender or abandonment of the Premises by Tenant
       during the Lease Term, or any termination by Landlord of this Lease
       or Tenant’s right to possess the Premises, Landlord shall use
       commercially reasonable efforts to mitigate its damages by reletting
       the Premises.

       28. No Lien for Rent.  Landlord hereby waives any statutory or
       contractual liens or security interests against any of Tenant’s
       personal property, and Landlord agrees to execute any reasonable
       documentation required by any lender of Tenant evidencing such
       waiver; provided, Tenant shall be responsible for the payment of any
       reasonable charges imposed by such lender in connection therewith.

       29. Attorneys’ Fees.  If either party defaults (beyond any
       applicable grace or notice and cure period set forth in this Lease)
       in the performance of any of the terms, covenants, agreements or
       conditions contained in this Lease, and a lawsuit is filed in
       connection with such uncured default, the prevailing party in any
       such action shall be entitled to recover from the non-prevailing
       party the prevailing party’s reasonable costs and expenses,
       including reasonable attorney’s fees, incurred in connection with
       such action.  In addition, if Tenant requests any consent or other
       action on the part of Landlord, in connection with which Landlord
       reasonably deems it necessary for any documents to be prepared or
       reviewed by its counsel, Tenant shall pay all reasonable attorneys’
       fees and expenses incurred by Landlord in such connection.

       30. No Implied Waiver.  The failure of either party to insist at any
       time upon the strict performance of any covenant or agreement or to
       exercise any option, right, power, or remedy contained in this Lease
       shall not be construed as a waiver or a relinquishment thereof for
       the future.  The waiver of or redress for any violation of any term,
       covenant, agreement, or condition contained in this Lease shall not
       prevent a subsequent act, which would have originally constituted a
       violation, from having all the force and effect of an original
       violation.  No express waiver shall affect any condition other than
       the one specified in such waiver and that one only for the time and
       in the manner specifically stated.  A receipt by Landlord of any
       rent with knowledge of the breach of any covenant or agreement
       contained in this Lease shall not be deemed a waiver of such breach.
        No waiver by either party of any provision of this Lease shall be
       deemed to have been made unless expressed in writing and signed by
       such party.  No payment by either party of a lesser amount than the
       amount due under this Lease shall be deemed to be other than on
       account of the earliest payment due hereunder, nor shall any
       endorsement or statement on any check or any letter accompanying any
       check or payment as rent be deemed an accord and satisfaction, and
       either party may accept such check or payment without prejudice to
       its right to recover the balance of such rent or pursue any other
       remedy in this Lease provided.

       31. Property Insurance.  Landlord shall maintain full replacement
       cost commercial property insurance covering all portions of the
       Complex (including the Building and associated fixtures and
       equipment) not required to be insured by Tenant below.  Such
       insurance shall be written on an ISO Special Form or All Risk
       equivalent form, and shall be maintained with an insurance company
       authorized

        
       SUBLEASE AGREEMENTPage 21
       OLD DALLAS LIBRARY BUILDING
        
       -----------------------------------------------------------------

        

        
       to do business in the State in which the Building is located, in
       amounts and with deductibles desired by Landlord at the expense of
       Landlord (as a part of the Basic Costs), and payments for losses
       thereunder shall be made solely to Landlord.  Tenant shall maintain
       at its expense full replacement cost commercial property insurance
       on all of its personal property, including removable trade fixtures,
       located in the Premises and on all additions and improvements made
       by Tenant in and to the Premises, such insurance, at minimum,
       covering the perils insured under the ISO broad causes of loss form
       (CP 10 20).  Tenant shall also maintain business interruption
       insurance covering the Premises.  If the annual premiums to be paid
       by Landlord shall exceed the standard rates because Tenant’s
       operations, contents of the Premises, or improvements with respect
       to the Premises beyond Building standard result in extra-hazardous
       exposure, Tenant shall pay the excess amount of the premium within
       thirty (30) days after written request therefor by Landlord. 

       32. Liability Insurance.  Tenant shall, at its expense, maintain a
       policy or policies of commercial general liability and, if
       necessary, commercial umbrella insurance, with a limit of not less
       than $5,000,000 each occurrence and $10,000,000 general aggregate,
       of coverage for Bodily Injury and Property Damage.  At least fifteen
       (15) days prior to Tenant’s occupancy of the Leased Premises, Tenant
       shall deliver to Landlord a valid certificate of insurance issued to
       Landlord, effective as of the dates applicable under the terms of
       this Lease, which certificate of insurance shall include, without
       limitation:  (A) provisions requiring notice by the insurer to
       Landlord at least ten (10) days in advance of any cancellation for
       nonpayment of premium; (B) a Waiver of Subrogation in favor of
       Landlord and agents, employees, servants, officers, directors,
       contractors, and subcontractors of Landlord, with respect to the
       insurance coverage and claims of Tenant; and (C) naming Owner,
       Landlord and Landlord’s property manager as additional insureds. 
       Landlord shall maintain commercial general liability insurance
       insuring against claims for personal or bodily injury or death or
       property damage occurring upon, in or about the Building or the
       Complex, to afford protection to the limit of not less than
       $5,000,000 each occurrence and $10,000,000 general aggregate (which
       may be accomplished by including Landlord’s umbrella coverage).

       33. Indemnity.  Landlord shall not be liable to Tenant, or to
       Tenant’s agents, contractors, servants, employees, customers, or
       invitees, and Tenant shall indemnify, defend and hold harmless
       Landlord and its officers, directors, shareholders, partners,
       employees, managers, independent contractors, attorneys and agents
       (collectively, the “Landlord Indemnitees”) from and against any and
       all claims, demands, causes of action, judgments, costs and
       expenses, and all losses and damages arising from the use by Tenant
       or its agents, independent contractors, servants, employees,
       customers, or invitees of the Premises or the Complex or from the
       conduct of its business or from any activity, work, or other acts or
       things done, permitted or suffered by Tenant in or about the
       Premises or the Complex (excluding any such matters to the extent
       caused by the act or negligence of any Landlord Indemnitee), and
       shall further indemnify, defend and hold harmless the Landlord
       Indemnitees from and against any and all claims arising from any
       breach or default in the performance of any obligation on Tenant’s
       part to be performed under the terms of this Lease, or arising from
       any act, omission or negligence or willful or criminal misconduct of
       Tenant, or by Tenant or its agents, independent contractors,
       servants, employees, customers, or invitees and from all reasonable
       costs, attorneys’ fees and disbursements, and liabilities incurred
       in the defense of any such claim or any action or proceeding which
       may be brought against, out of or in any way related to this Lease. 
       Upon notice from Landlord, Tenant shall defend any such claim,
       demand, cause of action or suit at Tenant’s expense by counsel
       satisfactory to Landlord in its reasonable discretion.  Tenant shall
       not be liable to Landlord, or to Landlord’s agents, contractors,
       servants, employees, customers, or invitees, and Landlord shall
       indemnify, defend and hold harmless Tenant and its officers,
       directors, shareholders, partners, employees, managers, independent
       contractors, attorneys and agents (collectively, the “Tenant
       Indemnitees”) from and against any and all claims, demands, causes
       of action, judgments, costs and expenses, and all losses and damages
       arising from any breach or default in

        
       SUBLEASE AGREEMENTPage 22
       OLD DALLAS LIBRARY BUILDING
        
       -----------------------------------------------------------------

        

        
       the performance of any obligation on Landlord’s part to be performed
       under the terms of this Lease, or arising from any act, omission or
       negligence or willful or criminal misconduct of Landlord, or by
       Landlord or its agents, independent contractors, servants,
       employees, customers, or invitees and from all reasonable costs,
       attorneys’ fees and disbursements, and liabilities incurred in the
       defense of any such claim or any action or proceeding which may be
       brought against, out of or in any way related to this Lease.  Upon
       notice from Tenant, Landlord shall defend any such claim, demand,
       cause of action or suit at Landlord’s expense by counsel
       satisfactory to Tenant in its reasonable discretion.  The provisions
       of this Paragraph 33 shall survive the expiration or sooner
       termination of this Lease.

       34. Waiver of Subrogation Rights.  Anything in this Lease to the
       contrary notwithstanding, Landlord and Tenant each hereby waives all
       rights of recovery, claim, action, or cause of action, against the
       other, its agents, officers, or employees, for any loss or damage
       that may occur to the Premises or the Complex of which the Premises
       are a part, by reason of fire, the elements, or any other cause
       which is insured against under the terms of standard fire and
       extended coverage insurance policies referred to in Paragraph 31 
       above (or which is otherwise required to be insured against pursuant
       to this Lease) or is otherwise insured against under an insurance
       policy maintained by the party suffering such loss or damage,
       regardless of cause or origin, including any negligence of the other
       party hereto and/or its agents, officers, or employees, and each
       party covenants that is no insurer shall hold any right of
       subrogation against such other party.  Each party hereto agrees to
       give immediately to any insurer that has issued to it policies of
       fire and extended coverage insurance written notice of the mutual
       waiver contained in this provision and to have such policies
       endorsed, if necessary, to prevent the invalidation of insurance
       coverage by reason of such mutual waiver.

       35. Casualty Damage.  If the Premises or any part thereof shall be
       damaged by fire or other casualty, Tenant shall give prompt written
       notice thereof to Landlord.  If the Complex shall be so damaged by
       fire or other casualty that reconstruction of the Complex shall, in
       Landlord’s reasonable opinion, require more than two hundred seventy
       (270) days to substantially complete following the date of the
       casualty, Landlord may, at its option, terminate this Lease and the
       term and estate hereby granted by notifying Tenant in writing of
       such termination within sixty (60) days after the date of the
       casualty.  In all events the Base Rental and all other rent
       hereunder shall be abated as of the date of such damage.  If
       Landlord does not elect to terminate the Lease pursuant to the
       foregoing, Landlord shall deliver to Tenant within sixty (60) days
       after the date of the casualty a written good faith estimate, as
       verified by an independent architect or general contractor selected
       by Landlord, of the amount of time reasonably required to repair and
       restore the Premises, the Complex and access thereto (“Completion
       Estimate”).  Tenant may terminate this Lease by giving Landlord
       written notice of termination within thirty (30) days after Tenant’s
       receipt of the Completion Estimate (such termination notice to
       include a termination date providing not more than ninety (90) days
       for Tenant to vacate the Premises), if: (a) the Completion Estimate
       estimates that Landlord’s repairs to the Premises, the Complex or
       access thereto cannot reasonably be completed within two hundred
       seventy (270) days after the casualty, or (b) more than twenty
       percent (20%) of the Building is affected by the damage and fewer
       than twelve (12) months remain in the Lease Term.  If neither
       Landlord nor Tenant elect to terminate this Lease pursuant to the
       foregoing (or otherwise are not entitled to terminate this Lease
       pursuant to the foregoing), Landlord shall promptly commence to
       repair and restore the Complex and shall proceed with due diligence
       to restore the Complex (except that Landlord shall not be
       responsible for delays outside its control) to substantially the
       same condition in which it was immediately prior to the happening of
       the casualty (including without limitation restoration of all
       Landlord’s Work), except that Landlord shall not be required to
       rebuild, repair, or replace any of the improvements comprising
       Tenant’s Work or any part of Tenant’s furniture or furnishings or
       fixture and equipment removable by Tenant under the provisions of
       this Lease or any improvements installed by Tenant.  If Landlord
       fails to substantially complete Landlord’s repair and

        
       SUBLEASE AGREEMENTPage 23
       OLD DALLAS LIBRARY BUILDING
        
       -----------------------------------------------------------------

        

        
       restoration obligations as set forth in the preceding sentence
       within 30 days of the completion date set forth in the Completion
       Estimate, Tenant may terminate this Lease by giving Landlord written
       notice of termination at any time thereafter, but prior to such
       substantial completion of such work (such termination notice to
       include a termination date providing not more than ninety (90) days
       for Tenant to vacate the Premises).  Tenant agrees that promptly
       after completion of such work by Landlord, Tenant will proceed with
       reasonable diligence and at Tenant’s sole cost and expense to
       restore, repair and replace all alterations, additions,
       improvements, fixtures and equipment installed by Tenant (provided
       that Tenant may elect to commence its restoration work prior to the
       completion of Landlord’s work provided such Tenant work is conducted
       in a manner so as to not unreasonable interfere with Landlord’s
       contractors). Landlord shall not be liable for any inconvenience or
       annoyance to Tenant or injury to the business of Tenant resulting in
       any way from such damage or the repair thereof, except that, subject
       to the provisions of the next sentence, Landlord shall allow Tenant
       a fair diminution of rent during the time and to the extent the
       Premises are unfit for occupancy.  If the Premises or any other
       portion of the Complex be damaged by fire or other casualty
       resulting from the gross negligence or willful misconduct of Tenant
       or any of Tenant’s agents, employees, or invitees, the rent
       hereunder shall not be diminished during the repair of such damage,
       and Tenant shall be liable to Landlord for the cost and expense of
       the repair and restoration of the Complex caused thereby to the
       extent such cost and expense is not covered by insurance proceeds
       (unless the unavailability of insurance proceeds results from
       Landlord’s failure to maintain insurance coverages required under
       this Lease).  Any insurance which may be carried by Landlord or
       Tenant against loss or damage to the Complex or to the Premises
       shall be for the sole benefit of the party carrying such insurance
       and shall be under its sole control.  Tenant shall use proceeds from
       insurance carried by Tenant to repair and restore Tenant’s property. 
          

       36. Condemnation.  If all or any part of the Complex shall be taken
       or condemned for public purpose to such extent as to render the
       Premises or any material part thereof untenantable, or, in Tenant’s
       reasonable judgment, otherwise unsuitable for the conduct of its
       business activities, this Lease shall, at the option of either
       party, cease and terminate as of the date of such taking or
       condemnation.  Either party may exercise such option to terminate by
       written notice to the other party within fifteen (15) days after
       such taking or condemnation.  All proceeds from any taking or
       condemnation of the Premises shall belong to and be paid to
       Landlord; notwithstanding the foregoing, however, Tenant shall have
       the right to recover from the condemning authority through a
       separate award any compensation as may be awarded to Tenant on
       account of (a) moving and relocation expenses, (b) depreciation to
       and removal of Tenant’s physical property, and (c) the unamortized
       costs of any improvements to the Premises paid for by Tenant.  Upon
       termination pursuant to this Paragraph 36, Tenant shall promptly
       vacate the Premises.

       37. Damages from Certain Causes.  Unless resulting from the gross
       negligence or willful misconduct of Landlord or its employees,
       agents or contractors, Landlord shall not be liable to Tenant for
       any delay or for any loss or damage to any property or person
       occasioned by theft, fire, act of God, public enemy, injunction,
       riot, strike, insurrection, war, court order, requisition, or order
       of government body or authority, or for any damage or inconvenience
       which may arise through repair or alteration of, or failure to
       repair, any part of the Complex or Premises necessitated by such
       causes.  Tenant, to the fullest extent permitted under applicable
       law, hereby waives any claim or cause of action which may now exist
       or hereafter arise under any applicable deceptive trade practices
       law or consumer protection law or any successor statute, INCLUDING
       WITHOUT LIMITATION THE TEXAS DECEPTIVE TRADE PRACTICES - CONSUMER
       PROTECTION ACT, SECTION 17.41 ET. SEQ. OF THE TEXAS BUSINESS AND
       COMMERCE CODE (THE “DTPA”), A LAW THAT GIVES CONSUMERS SPECIAL
       RIGHTS AND PROTECTIONS. 

        
       SUBLEASE AGREEMENTPage 24
       OLD DALLAS LIBRARY BUILDING
        
       -----------------------------------------------------------------

        

        
       AFTER CONSULTATION WITH AN ATTORNEY OF TENANT’S OWN SELECTION,
       TENANT VOLUNTARILY CONSENTS TO THE FOREGOING WAIVER.

       38. Landlord’s Default; Notice and Cure; Self-Help; Offset. 

       (a) In the event of any breach of this Lease by Landlord, Tenant
       shall provide written notice thereof to Landlord and to Landlord’s
       Mortgagee under any mortgage or deed of trust affecting the Premises
       (so long as Tenant has been given a notice address for such
       Landlord’s Mortgagee), whereupon Landlord and such Landlord’s
       Mortgagee, or either of them, their agents or employees, shall have
       a period of thirty (30) days to cure such breach, and shall be
       entitled to enter upon the Premises and do therein whatever may be
       reasonably necessary to cure such breach; provided, that if such
       breach cannot reasonably be cured within such thirty-day period,
       Landlord shall not be in default hereunder if Landlord (and/or
       Landlord’s Mortgagee) commences curative action within such
       thirty-day period and thereafter diligently and continuously pursues
       the curative action to completion.  If neither Landlord nor
       Landlord’s Mortgagee cures such breach in a timely manner as
       provided in the preceding sentence, Tenant, in addition to any other
       right or remedy it may have at law or in equity, shall have the
       right, but not the obligation, to perform Landlord’s obligation(s)
       on behalf of and at the reasonable cost and expense of Landlord.  If
       Tenant elects to perform any obligation of Landlord pursuant to the
       preceding sentence, Tenant shall promptly render a bill to Landlord
       for the reasonable cost of such performance, and Landlord covenants
       and agrees to reimburse Tenant for all such amounts within thirty
       (30) days after Landlord’s receipt thereof; provided, that if
       Landlord fails to reimburse Tenant for such amounts within such
       thirty-day period, and such failure continues for an additional
       period of ten (10) days after Landlord’s receipt of Tenant’s second
       notice thereof, then Tenant shall have the right to offset the
       amount due but unpaid against up to fifty percent (50%) of future
       monthly Base Rental payments until the amount due is fully paid or
       offset, including Default Interest accrued thereon from the date
       when due.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, with respect to any
       failure by Landlord to timely perform its obligations relating to 
       (i) the construction of Landlord’s Work and/or the Restroom/Demising
       Improvements, and/or (ii) the payment of the Allowance with respect
       to Tenant’s Work pursuant to the draw process specified in Exhibit D
       , the cure rights set forth in the first sentence of this Paragraph
       38(a) shall be inapplicable, and Tenant shall have the right, but
       not the obligation, to cure such failure (for example, by causing
       the construction of Landlord’s Work or the Restroom/Demising
       Improvements to be completed) at any time. 

       (b) If Landlord fails to pay for any brokerage commissions and/or
       all or any part of the Allowance, and such failure continues for
       thirty (30) days after Landlord’s receipt of Tenant’s notice
       thereof, then Tenant shall have the right to offset the amount due
       but unpaid against up to fifty percent (50%) of future monthly Base
       Rental payments until the amount due is fully paid or offset,
       including Default Interest accrued thereon from the date when due.

       39. Limitation of Liability.  The liability of Landlord, any, agent
       of Landlord, or any of their respective officers, directors,
       shareholders, or employees to Tenant for or in respect of any
       default by Landlord under the terms of this Lease or in respect of
       any other claim or cause of action shall be limited to the interest
       of Landlord in the Complex, and Tenant agrees to look solely to
       Landlord’s interest in the Complex for the recovery and satisfaction
       of any judgment against Landlord, any agent of Landlord, or any of
       their respective officers, directors, shareholders, and employees. 
       In addition, the liability of either party to the other for any
       default under the terms of this Lease shall be limited to such
       party’s actual direct, but not consequential, damages therefor,
       except as otherwise expressly provided in Paragraph 16 above with
       respect to any holding over by Tenant after the initial three-month
       period

        
       SUBLEASE AGREEMENTPage 25
       OLD DALLAS LIBRARY BUILDING
        
       -----------------------------------------------------------------

        

        
       referenced therein.  TENANT HEREBY WAIVES ITS STATUTORY LIEN UNDER
       SECTION 91.004 OF THE TEXAS PROPERTY CODE. 

       40. Notice.  Any notice, communication, request, reply or advice
       (hereinafter collectively called “notice”) provided for in this
       Lease must be in writing, and shall, unless otherwise expressly
       provided in this Lease, be given or be served by depositing the same
       in the United States mail, postpaid and certified and addressed to
       the party to be notified, with return receipt requested, or by
       delivering the same in person to an officer of such party, or by
       consigning the same to a recognized overnight delivery service
       operating on a nationwide basis, addressed to the party to be
       notified.  Notice deposited in the mail in the manner hereinabove
       described shall be effective, unless otherwise stated in this Lease,
       three (3) days after it is so deposited.  Notice given in any other
       manner shall be effective upon delivery.  The addresses for the
       delivery of any notices hereunder shall, until changed as herein
       provided, be those specified below.  A party hereto may change its
       address by at least fifteen (15) days written notice to the other
       party delivered in compliance with this paragraph; provided,
       however, that no such notice shall be effective until actually
       received by the other party.

       TENANT NOTICE ADDRESS:

       Before Commencement Date:

       Dallas Morning News, Inc.
       508 Young Street
       Dallas, Texas 75202
       Attn: Chief Financial Officer

       with copy to:

       Dallas Morning News, Inc.
       508 Young Street
       Dallas, Texas 75202
       Attn: General Counsel

       On or after Commencement Date:

       Dallas Morning News, Inc.
       1954 Commerce Street
       Dallas, Texas 75201
       Attn: Chief Financial Officer

       with copy to:

       Dallas Morning News, Inc.
       1954 Commerce Street
       Dallas, Texas 75201
       Attn: General Counsel

       LANDLORD NOTICE ADDRESS:

       1914 Commerce Leasing, LLC
       1800 Valley View Lane, Suite 300

        
       SUBLEASE AGREEMENTPage 26
       OLD DALLAS LIBRARY BUILDING
        
       -----------------------------------------------------------------

        

        
       Farmers Branch, Texas 75234
       Attn: Jeff Shirley
       ﻿
       with copy to:
       ﻿
       CAAMCO, LLC
       1800 Valley View Lane, Suite 300
       Farmers Branch, Texas 75234
       Attn: Michael VanHuss
       ﻿
       with copy to:

       James J. Sullivan
       Gardere Wynne Sewell LLP
       2021 McKinney Avenue, Suite 1600
       Dallas, Texas 75201
       ﻿

       41. Captions.  The captions and headings appearing in this Lease are
       solely for convenience and shall not be given any effect in
       construing this Lease.

       42. Entirety and Amendments.  This Lease embodies the entire
       contract between the parties hereto, relative to the subject matter
       hereof.  Except as otherwise herein provided, no variations,
       modifications, changes, or amendments hereof shall be binding upon
       any party hereto unless in writing, executed by a duly authorized
       officer or agent of the particular party.  Landlord and Tenant have
       fully negotiated the provisions of this Lease and, notwithstanding
       any rule or principle of law or equity to the contrary, no provision
       of the Lease shall be construed in favor of or against either party
       by virtue of the authorship or purported authorship thereof.

       43. Severability.  If any term or provision of this Lease shall be
       invalid or unenforceable to any extent, the remainder of this Lease
       shall be not be affected thereby, and each term and provision of
       this Lease shall be valid and enforced to the fullest extent
       permitted by law.

       44. Binding Effect.  All covenants and obligations contained within
       this Lease shall bind and inure to the benefit of Landlord, its
       successors and assigns, and shall be binding upon Tenant, its
       permitted successors and assigns.

       45. Number and Gender of Words.  All personal pronouns used in this
       Lease shall include the other gender, whether used in the masculine,
       feminine, or neuter gender, and the singular shall include the
       plural whenever and as often as may be appropriate.

       46. Recordation.  Neither party shall record this Lease. 

       47. Governing Law.  This Lease and the rights and obligations of the
       parties hereto shall be interpreted, construed, and enforced in
       accordance with the laws of the State of Texas.  Venue shall be in
       Dallas, Dallas County, Texas. 

       48. Interest Rate.  All past-due rents or other sums payable by
       Tenant hereunder, and any sums advanced by Landlord for Tenant’s
       account pursuant to applicable provisions hereof, shall bear
       interest from the date due or advanced until paid at the maximum
       lawful rate in effect at the time such

        
       SUBLEASE AGREEMENTPage 27
       OLD DALLAS LIBRARY BUILDING
        
       -----------------------------------------------------------------

        

        
       payment was due or sum was advanced, or if there is no ascertainable
       maximum lawful rate then in effect, at a rate of eighteen percent
       (18%) (the “Default Interest”). 

       49. Force Majeure.  Whenever a period of time is herein prescribed
       for the taking of any action by a party (except with respect to the
       payment of any monetary obligation), such party shall not be liable
       or responsible for, and there shall be excluded from the computation
       of such period of time, any delays due to strikes, riots, acts of
       God, shortages of labor or materials, war, governmental laws,
       regulations or restrictions, or any other cause whatsoever beyond
       the control of such party.

       50. Intentionally Omitted.  

       51. Reserved Rights.  Landlord shall have the following rights,
       exercisable with reasonable notice to Tenant and without effecting
       an eviction, constructive or actual, or disturbance of Tenant’s use
       or possession or giving rise to any claim for set off or abatement
       of rent (provided that such rights are exercised in a manner as to 
       not to interfere in any material respect with Tenant’s business
       operations in the Premises, Tenant’s access to the Premises, or
       Tenant’s use of any associated parking facilities):

       (a) To change the Complex’s name, design or street address.

       (b) To make repairs, alterations, additions, changes or
       improvements, whether structural or otherwise, in and about the
       Building, or any part thereof, as required under the terms of this
       Lease, and for such purposes to enter upon the Premises and, during
       the continuance of any such work, to temporarily close doors,
       entryways, public space and corridors in the Building, to interrupt
       or temporarily suspend Building services and facilities and to
       change the arrangement and location of entrances or passageways,
       doors and doorways, corridors, elevators, stairs, toilets or other
       public parts of the Building, all without abatement of rent or
       affecting any of Tenant’s obligations hereunder, so long as the
       Premises are reasonably accessible and Landlord Services sufficient
       for Tenant to reasonably conduct its business activities are
       provided at all times.

       (c) To have and retain a paramount title to the Premises free and
       clear of any act of Tenant purporting to burden or encumber them.

       (d) To grant to anyone the exclusive right to conduct any business
       in the portions of the Complex other than the Building, or to render
       any service in or to the Complex, provided that no such exclusive
       right shall operate to exclude Tenant from the use expressly
       permitted herein nor to materially impair any of Tenant’s other
       rights under this Lease.

       (e) To approve (which approval shall not be unreasonably withheld,
       conditioned or delayed) the weight, size and location of safes and
       other heavy equipment and articles in and about the Premises and the
       Complex.  Movements of Tenant’s property into or out of the Complex
       and within the Complex are entirely at the risk and responsibility
       of Tenant.

       (f) To take all such reasonable measures as Landlord may reasonably
       deem advisable for the security of the Complex and its occupants.

       (g) To construct parking garages, areas, facilities or similar
       structures to service the Complex as well as other buildings in the
       vicinity of the Complex, or to otherwise enter into an agreement
       with the owner and/or operator of a parking garage to make parking
       spaces in such garage available to Tenant (provided that Tenant
       enters into a parking license agreement with such owner/operator).

        
       SUBLEASE AGREEMENTPage 28
       OLD DALLAS LIBRARY BUILDING
        
       -----------------------------------------------------------------

        

        
       Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in this Lease, in
       no event shall Landlord be permitted to change the Building’s name,
       design or street address, nor shall Landlord be permitted to erect
       any signage in, on or about the Building or Premises.

       52. Approval by Landlord’s Mortgagee.  Landlord’s execution and
       delivery of this Lease shall constitute Landlord’s representation to
       Tenant that (i) Statler 1900 Commerce, LLC, a Texas limited
       liability company, is the only Landlord’s Mortgagee as of the
       Effective Date, and (ii) such Landlord’s Mortgagee has approved all
       of the provisions of this Lease and has consented to Landlord’s
       execution and delivery thereof to Tenant (together with all
       documents ancillary thereto).  Landlord understands and acknowledges
       that Tenant is relying on the foregoing representation in agreeing
       to execute and deliver this Lease and any documents ancillary
       thereto.

       53. Brokers.  Upon the full execution of this Lease by the parties,
       Landlord shall pay to Tenant’s Broker a commission pursuant to the
       terms of a separate written agreement.  Each party (the “
       Representing Party”) represents and warrants to the other that the
       Representing Party has had no dealing with any broker other than
       Tenant’s Broker (and Peloton Commercial Real Estate, on behalf of
       Landlord) in connection with the negotiation or execution of this
       Lease, and the Representing Party agrees to indemnify the other
       party, and hold the other party harmless, from any and all costs,
       expenses or liability for commissions or other compensation claimed
       by any other broker or agent claiming by, through or under the
       Representing Party, with respect to this Lease.

       54. Time of Essence.  Time is of the essence of this Lease and each
       and every provision of this Lease.

       55. Tenant’s Obligations prior to Surrender.  Notwithstanding
       anything to the contrary in this Lease, upon expiration of the Lease
       Term or earlier termination of this Lease, Tenant shall not be
       required, prior to its surrender of the Premises to Landlord, to
       remove from the Premises any improvements, cabling or attached
       fixtures, or to restore the Premises to its original shell
       condition.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, however, Tenant shall
       remove Tenant’s identity signage and, to the extent installed, the
       Rock of Truth monument, as well as any unusual improvements
       installed by Tenant and not typically found in Class A office space,
       such as fountains or water walls, oversized printers, vaults, power
       substations and the like (excluding any improvements existing in the
       Premises at the time of Landlord’s delivery thereof).  Tenant shall
       be allowed (but not required) to remove other special improvements,
       fixtures and equipment installed by Tenant for use of the Premises
       for its business operations, including raised flooring,
       uninterruptible power supply systems, backup generators,
       supplemental HVAC units and any other fixtures or equipment
       necessary to operate Tenant’s business. Tenant shall repair any
       damage caused by the removal of any of the foregoing.

       56. No Reservation.  Submission by Landlord of this instrument to
       Tenant for examination or signature does not constitute a
       reservation of or option for lease.  This Lease will be effective as
       a lease or otherwise only upon execution and delivery by both
       Landlord and Tenant.

       57. Consents.  In all circumstances under this Lease (including any
       exhibits hereto) where the prior approval, permission or consent of
       one party (the “consenting party”), whether it be Landlord or
       Tenant, is required before the other party (the “requesting party”)
       is authorized to take any particular type of action, such approval,
       permission or consent shall not be unreasonably withheld,
       conditioned or delayed by the consenting party.

       58. Legal Authority.  If Tenant is a corporation (including any form
       of professional association), then Tenant warrants and represents
       that each individual executing or attesting this Lease on

        
       SUBLEASE AGREEMENTPage 29
       OLD DALLAS LIBRARY BUILDING
        
       -----------------------------------------------------------------

        

        
       behalf of such corporation is duly authorized to execute or attest
       and deliver this Lease on behalf of such corporation.  If Tenant is
       a partnership (general or limited) or limited liability company,
       then Tenant warrants and represents that each individual executing
       this Lease on behalf of the partnership or company is duly
       authorized to execute and deliver this Lease on behalf of the
       partnership or company in accordance with the partnership agreement
       or membership agreement, as the case may be, or an amendment
       thereto, now in effect.  If Landlord is a corporation (including any
       form of professional association), then Landlord warrants and
       represents that each individual executing or attesting this Lease on
       behalf of such corporation is duly authorized to execute or attest
       and deliver this Lease on behalf of such corporation.  If Landlord
       is a partnership (general or limited) or limited liability company,
       then Landlord warrants and represents that each individual executing
       this Lease on behalf of the partnership or company is duly
       authorized to execute and deliver this Lease on behalf of the
       partnership or company in accordance with the partnership agreement
       or membership agreement, as the case may be, or an amendment
       thereto, now in effect.

       59. Hazardous Materials.

       (a) During the term of this Lease, Tenant shall comply with all
       Environmental Laws and Environmental Permits (each as defined in
       subsection (d) of this Paragraph 59) applicable to the operation or
       use of the Premises, will cause all other persons occupying or using
       the Premises to comply with all such Environmental Laws and
       Environmental Permits, and will immediately pay or cause to be paid
       all costs and expenses incurred by reason of such compliance.

       (b) Tenant shall not generate, use, treat, store, handle, release or
       dispose of Hazardous Materials (as defined in subsection (d) of this 
       Paragraph 59) on the Premises, or the Complex, or transport or
       permit the transportation of Hazardous Materials to or from the
       Premises or the Complex except for limited quantities used or stored
       at the Premises in connection with Tenant’s customary business
       operations or the routine operation and maintenance of the Premises,
       and then only in compliance with all applicable Environmental Laws
       and Environmental Permits.

       (c) Tenant agrees to defend, indemnify and hold harmless Landlord
       and Owner from and against all obligations (including removal and
       remedial actions), losses, claims, suits, judgments, liabilities,
       penalties, damages (including consequential and punitive damages),
       costs and expenses (including attorneys’ and consultants’ fees and
       expenses) of any kind or nature whatsoever that may at any time be
       incurred by, imposed on or asserted against such Indemnitees
       directly or indirectly based on, or arising or resulting from (a)
       the actual or alleged presence of Hazardous Materials on the Complex
       in violation of applicable Environmental Law which is caused or
       permitted by Tenant and (b) any Environmental Claim resulting from
       Tenant’s operation or use of the Premises (the “Hazardous Materials
       Indemnified Matters”).  The provisions of this Paragraph 59 shall
       survive the expiration or sooner termination of this Lease.

       (d) As used herein, the following terms shall have the following
       meanings:  “Hazardous Materials” means (i) petroleum or petroleum
       products, natural or synthetic gas, asbestos in any form that is or
       could become friable, urea formaldehyde foam insulation, and radon
       gas; (ii) any substances defined as or included in the definition of
       “hazardous substances,” “hazardous wastes,” “hazardous materials,”
       “extremely hazardous wastes,” “restricted hazardous wastes,” “toxic
       substances,” “toxic pollutants,” “contaminants” or “pollutants,” or
       words of similar import, under any applicable Environmental Law; and
       (iii) any other substance exposure which is regulated by any
       governmental authority.  “Environmental Law” means any federal,
       state or local statute, law, rule, regulation, ordinance, code,
       policy or rule of common law now or

        
       SUBLEASE AGREEMENTPage 30
       OLD DALLAS LIBRARY BUILDING
        
       -----------------------------------------------------------------

        

        
           hereafter in effect and in each case as amended, and any
           judicial or administrative interpretation thereof, including any
           judicial or administrative order, consent decree or judgment,
           relating to the environment, health, safety or Hazardous
           Materials, including without limitation, the Comprehensive
           Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act of 1980,
           42 U.S.C. §§ 9601, et seq.; the Resource Conservation and
           Recovery Act, 42 U.S.C. §§ 6901, et seq.; the Hazardous
           Materials Transportation Act, 49 U.S.C. §§ 1801, et seq.; the
           Clean Water Act, 33 U.S.C. §§ 1251, et seq.; the Toxic
           Substances Control Act, 15 U.S.C. §§ 2601, et seq.; the Clean
           Air Act, 42 U.S.C. §§ 7401, et seq.; the Safe Drinking Water
           Act, 42 U.S.C. §§ 300f, et seq.; the Atomic Energy Act, 42
           U.S.C. §§ 2011, et seq.; the Federal Insecticide, Fungicide and
           Rodenticide Act, 7 U.S.C. §§ 136, et seq.; the Occupational
           Safety and Health Act, 29 U.S.C. §§ 651, et seq.  “
           Environmental Claims” means any and all administrative,
           regulatory or judicial actions, suits, demands, demand letters,
           claims, liens, notices of non-compliance or violation,
           investigations, proceedings, consent orders or consent
           agreements relating in any way to any Environmental Law or any
           Environmental Permit, including without limitation (i) any and
           all Environmental Claims by governmental or regulatory
           authorities for enforcement, cleanup, removal, response,
           remedial or other actions or damages pursuant to any applicable
           Environmental Law and (ii) any and all Environmental Claims by
           any third party seeking damages, contribution, indemnification,
           cost recovery, compensation or injunctive relief resulting from
           Hazardous Materials or arising from alleged injury or threat of
           injury to health, safety or the environment.  “Environmental
           Permits” means all permits, approvals, identification numbers,
           licenses and other authorizations required under any applicable
           Environmental Law.

       (e) Landlord represents and warrants that, to its current, actual
       knowledge and except as otherwise provided in (i) that certain
       Visual Environmental Site Assessment, conducted November 18, 2016,
       prepared by Benchmark Environmental Consultants, and (ii) that
       certain limited asbestos survey dated November 2, 2016, prepared by
       EcoSystems Environmental, Inc., a copy of which was provided to
       Tenant prior to the Effective Date, the Premises does not contain
       any Hazardous Materials.  To the extent the report identified in the
       preceding sentence identified the presence of Hazardous Materials in
       the Building in violation of any applicable Environmental Law,
       Landlord has brought such items into compliance.  Landlord
       acknowledges and agrees that if any governmental authority having
       jurisdiction over the Premises requires (or would require) that
       remedial action be taken with regard to any Hazardous Materials, it
       will be Landlord’s responsibility to complete and/or commence and
       diligently prosecute such remedial/abatement action promptly after
       its receipt of written notice of the need for the same from such
       governmental authority (and in no event beyond any deadline(s)
       established by such governmental authority).  Any such remediation
       shall be at Landlord’s sole cost and expense, and such costs shall
       not be included in Basic Costs, unless Tenant or its employees,
       agents or contractors are responsible for the presence of such
       Hazardous Materials, in which event Tenant shall be solely
       responsible for the payment of such costs.

       (f) Notwithstanding anything seemingly to the contrary in this
       Lease, Landlord acknowledges that Tenant shall have no liability or
       responsibility whatsoever for any Hazardous Materials that exist on,
       in or under the Premises or the Complex prior to Landlord’s delivery
       of possession of the Premises to Tenant or that may be subsequently 
       discovered on, in or under the Premises or the Complex unless Tenant
       or its employees, agents or contractors are responsible for the
       presence of such Hazardous Materials, and Tenant shall have no
       obligation to perform any remedial action, nor indemnify any party,
       with respect to same.  Upon discovery of any Hazardous Materials for
       which Tenant is not responsible as provided in the preceding
       sentence, Landlord shall promptly perform any required remediation
       of such Hazardous Materials in

        
       SUBLEASE AGREEMENTPage 31
       OLD DALLAS LIBRARY BUILDING
        
       -----------------------------------------------------------------

        

        
           accordance with applicable Environmental Laws, at Landlord’s
           sole cost and expense and not as a Basic Cost.

       60. Exhibits, Riders and Addenda.  Exhibits A through M and any
       other exhibits, riders and addenda attached hereto are incorporated
       herein and made a part of this Lease for all purposes. 

       61. Waiver of Jury Trial.  LANDLORD AND TENANT HEREBY KNOWINGLY,
       VOLUNTARILY AND INTENTIONALLY WAIVE THE RIGHT TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN
       RESPECT OF ANY LITIGATION BASED HEREON, ARISING OUT OF, UNDER OR IN
       CONNECTION WITH THIS LEASE OR ANY DOCUMENTS CONTEMPLATED TO BE
       EXECUTED IN CONNECTION HEREWITH OR ANY COURSE OF CONDUCT, COURSE OF
       DEALINGS, STATEMENTS (WHETHER ORAL OR WRITTEN) OR ACTIONS OF EITHER
       PARTY ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED IN ANY MANNER WITH THE PREMISES
       (INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY ACTION TO RESCIND OR CANCEL THIS
       LEASE OR ANY CLAIMS OR DEFENSES ASSERTING THAT THIS LEASE WAS
       FRAUDULENTLY INDUCED OR IS OTHERWISE VOID OR VOIDABLE).  THIS WAIVER
       IS A MATERIAL INDUCEMENT FOR LANDLORD AND TENANT TO ENTER AND ACCEPT
       THIS LEASE.

       62. OSHA Regulations.  Each of Landlord and Tenant acknowledges that
       it has reviewed the regulations enacted by the Occupational Safety
       and Health Administration (“OSHA”), as set forth in Sections
       1910.1001 and 1926.1101 of Title 29 of the Code of Federal
       Regulations (the “OSHA Regulations”) and agrees that in addition to
       its other obligations hereunder, Tenant shall comply with such
       regulations.  Each of Landlord and Tenant acknowledges that it has
       been notified of the presence of asbestos-containing materials (“
       ACM”) and materials designated by OSHA as presumed
       asbestos-containing materials (“PACM”) located in the Premises. 
       According to Landlord’s current records, without further inquiry,
       the materials referenced in that certain limited asbestos survey
       dated November 2, 2016, prepared by EcoSystems Environmental, Inc.,
       a copy of which was provided to Tenant prior to the Effective Date, 
       have been identified as ACM.  In addition, the following materials,
       if located in properties constructed prior to 1981, must, in
       accordance with the OSHA Regulations, be treated as PACM:  any
       thermal system insulation and surfacing material that is sprayed on,
       troweled on, or applied in some other manner, as well as any
       resilient flooring material installed in 1980 or earlier.  Upon
       written request by Tenant, Landlord shall provide Tenant with copies
       of any information pertaining to ACM or PACM in Landlord’s files.

       63. OFAC Representations:

       (a) Tenant hereby represents and warrants to Landlord that, to
       Tenant’s knowledge, neither Tenant nor any of its respective
       officers, partners or members is an entity or person: (i) that is
       listed in the annex to Executive Order 13224 issued on September 24,
       2001; or (ii) whose name appears on the United States Treasury
       Department’s Office of Foreign Assets Control (“OFAC”) most current
       list of “Specifically Designated National and Blocked Persons”
       (which list may be published from time to time in various mediums
       including, but not limited to, the OFAC website,
       http:www.treas.gov/ofac/t11sdn.pdf).

       (b) Landlord hereby represents and warrants to Tenant that, to
       Landlord’s knowledge, neither Landlord nor any of its respective
       officers, partners or members is an entity or person: (i) that is
       listed in the annex to Executive Order 13224 issued on September 24,
       2001; or (ii) whose name appears on the OFAC most current list of
       “Specifically Designated National and Blocked Persons” (which list
       may be published from time to time in various mediums including, but
       not limited to, the OFAC website,
       http:www.treas.gov/ofac/t11sdn.pdf).

        
       SUBLEASE AGREEMENTPage 32
       OLD DALLAS LIBRARY BUILDING
        
       -----------------------------------------------------------------

        

        

       64. Generator.  Tenant shall have the right to install a back-up
       generator, at Tenant’s sole cost and expense, in the location and in
       accordance with the specifications as set forth on Exhibit M 
       hereto.  The rent payable by Tenant under this Lease shall not
       include any charge related to the cost of such generator and no
       additional charge shall be due (i.e., the costs associated with such
       generator shall be excluded from Basic Costs). The generator and all
       equipment associated therewith shall be utilized by Tenant at
       Tenant’s sole expense, and Tenant shall be responsible for the
       payment, before delinquency, of any utility charges related thereto.
        Throughout the Lease Term Tenant shall be responsible, at its sole
       cost, for the maintenance, repair and, if applicable, replacement of
       the generator.  Tenant shall ensure, at its sole cost, that the
       generator (including without limitation the installation,
       maintenance, repair and replacement thereof) complies at all times
       throughout the Lease Term with all applicable laws.  Upon the
       expiration or earlier termination of this Lease, Tenant shall be
       responsible, at its sole cost and expense, for removing such
       generator including any above ground cabling and conduit and for
       repairing any damage caused by such removal back to its original
       condition.  Tenant shall at all times be responsible for
       coordinating the operation of the generator, including any testing
       thereof, in such a manner as to avoid disruption of the quiet
       enjoyment of the tenants and occupants of the properties adjacent to
       the Complex, including without limitation residents and hotel
       guests.

       65. Parking.  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this
       Lease, Tenant shall have the parking rights set forth in Exhibit E 
       attached to this Lease and made a part hereof.

       66. Guaranty.  In consideration of Landlord’s leasing the Premises
       to Tenant, Tenant shall provide Landlord with a Guaranty of Lease in
       the form attached hereto as Exhibit F, executed by A. H. Belo
       Corporation as Guarantor.  In consideration of Tenant’s leasing the
       Premises from Landlord, Landlord shall provide Tenant with a 
       Guaranty of Payment and Completion dated as of the date hereof and
       executed by Mehrdad Moayedi, guarantying Landlord’s obligations with
       respect to (i) the performance of Landlord’s Work and the
       Restroom/Demising Work, and (ii) the payment of the Allowance as
       well as any costs incurred by Tenant in exercising its self-help
       rights under Paragraph 38 in connection with the non-performance of
       Landlord’s Work and the Restroom/Demising Work. 

       67. No Representations by Landlord.  Except as may be otherwise
       expressly provided in this Lease (including without limitation 
       Exhibit D attached hereto), (i) Tenant acknowledges that Landlord
       has not made any representations or warranties about the following,
       (ii) Tenant has relied and shall rely on its own inspections and
       judgment regarding each of the following, and (iii) Tenant waives
       all claims, judgments, damages, penalties, fines, costs, liabilities
       or losses (including, without limitation, sums paid in settlement of
       claims, attorneys’ fees, consultant fees and expert fees), which
       might directly or indirectly or in whole or in part be caused by,
       arise out of, or be related to the foregoing against Landlord, that
       might arise out of any the following: (a) income to be derived from
       the Premises, and (b) the suitability, habitability, quality of
       construction or workmanship, merchantability, indoor air quality,
       lack of latent defects, or fitness for a particular purpose of the
       Premises, the Garage or the Complex. Tenant waives the implied
       warranty that the Premises are suitable for a particular purpose.

       68. Calculation of Charges.  Landlord and Tenant agree that each
       provision of this Lease for determining charges, amounts and
       additional rent payments by Tenant is commercially reasonable, and
       as to each such charge or amount, constitutes a “method by which the
       charge is to be computed” for purposes of Section 93.012 (Assessment
       of Charges) of the Texas Property Code, as such section now exists
       or as it may be hereafter amended or succeeded.

        
       SUBLEASE AGREEMENTPage 33
       OLD DALLAS LIBRARY BUILDING
        
       -----------------------------------------------------------------

        

        

       69. Master Lease; Recognition Agreement.

       (a) Subject to the execution and delivery by Owner of the
       Recognition Agreement (hereinafter defined) with respect to the
       Master Lease, this Lease and Tenant’s rights pursuant to this Lease
       are subject and subordinate at all times to the interest of Owner as
       the lessor under the Master Lease.

       (b) Concurrently with the execution of this Lease by the parties,
       Landlord has executed and delivered to Tenant an agreement (“
       Recognition Agreement”) with respect to the Master Lease, signed by
       Owner and providing at a minimum that (i) this Lease and Tenant’s
       rights of occupancy hereunder shall not be disturbed in the event of
       any termination of the Master Lease, so long as no Event of Default
       by Tenant is then in existence; and (ii) in the event of any such
       termination of the Master Lease, this Lease shall be recognized as a
       direct lease between Owner, as “Landlord,” and Tenant, so long as no
       Event of Default by Tenant is then in existence.    Landlord
       understands and acknowledges that Tenant is relying on the full
       execution and delivery of the Recognition Agreement
       contemporaneously with the parties’ execution and delivery of this
       Lease, and that Tenant would not have executed and delivered this
       Lease absent same.  

       70. Time for Payments.  If in this Lease a payment is required to be
       made by one party to the other, but a specific date for payment is
       not set forth or a specific number of days within which payment is
       to be made is not set forth, or the words “immediately”, “promptly”
       and/or “on demand”, or the equivalent, are used to specify when such
       payment is due, then such payment shall be due thirty (30) days
       after the party which is entitled to such payment sends written
       notice to the other party demanding payment.

       71. Recapture.  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this
       Lease, if Tenant vacates or abandons the Premises for any period of
       time longer than six (6) consecutive months during the Lease Term 
       for any reason other than a Temporary Closure (as defined below), 
       Tenant shall not be in default hereunder, but Landlord shall have
       the option (the “Recapture Option”) to terminate this Lease upon 
       thirty (30) days’ prior written notice to Tenant (the “Recapture
       Notice”). Any such termination by Landlord shall be effective as of
       the date (the “Recapture Date”) that is thirty (30) days after the
       date of the Recapture Notice.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, if
       Tenant reoccupies the Premises within thirty (30) days after receipt
       of the Recapture Notice, such termination shall be of no force or
       effect and this Lease shall continue to be in effect for all
       purposes (provided that if Tenant should vacate or abandon the
       Premises within one-hundred eighty  (180) days after any such
       re-occupancy, then Landlord shall thereafter be entitled to exercise
       its Recapture Option at any time the Premises remain unoccupied and
       , under such circumstances, Tenant shall not be entitled to nullify 
       such Recapture Option by reoccupying the Premises).  For the
       purposes hereof, the term “Temporary Closures” means, collectively,
       temporary vacations of the Premises or cessations of business 
       operations at the Premises due to any force majeure event under 
       Paragraph 49 of this Lease, casualty, condemnation, remodeling (for
       no longer than sixty (60) consecutive days) or closures caused by
       the acts or omissions of Landlord or its employees, agents or
       contractors. For purposes of clarity, Tenant shall remain obligated
       to perform all of its obligations under this Lease during any such
       period of vacation or closure.  If this Lease is terminated pursuant
       to the provisions of this Paragraph 71, (i) Tenant shall vacate the
       Premises in accordance with the requirements of this Lease, (ii)
       Tenant’s obligation to pay rent shall cease on the Recapture Date,
       and (iii) neither party shall have any further obligations as of 
       the Recapture Date other than those that accrued prior to the
       Recapture Date, or those that expressly survive the expiration or
       earlier termination of this Lease.

       72. Miscellaneous.  No portion of the Premises shall at any time be
       used or occupied as sleeping or lodging quarters.  Tenant shall not
       do, or permit anything to be done in or about the Building,

        
       SUBLEASE AGREEMENTPage 34
       OLD DALLAS LIBRARY BUILDING
        
       -----------------------------------------------------------------

        

        
       or bring or keep anything therein that will in any way increase the
       rate of fire or other insurance on the Building (provided that
       Tenant’s use of the Premises for the purposes permitted in
       accordance with Paragraph 4 of this Lease shall in all events be
       permitted).  Tenant shall not do anything contrary to or in conflict
       with valid laws, rules or regulations of any municipal or
       governmental authority or fire, safety or building authority or
       regulation.  No animals (other than service animals assisting the
       disabled, and except as otherwise expressly provided hereinafter
       with respect to dogs that Tenant shall be permitted to bring into
       the Premises) or vehicles (other than bicycles) shall be brought
       into or kept in or about the Building.  Notwithstanding the
       foregoing, Landlord hereby consents to Tenant bringing dogs into the
       Premises, subject to the following terms and conditions: (a) 
       Tenant, at its sole cost and expense, must ensure that all 
       applicable laws, codes, regulations and local ordinances pertaining
       to pet ownership are obeyed and complied with (including, without
       limitation, any required permits and licenses); (b) Landlord 
       reserves the right to promulgate reasonable rules and regulations
       concerning the bringing of such dogs into the Premises (such as the
       right to impose restrictions on certain dog breeds, including 
       Rottweilers and pitbulls, and the right to reasonably restrict the
       number of dogs that may be present within the Building at any point
       in time), and Tenant agrees to abide by such reasonable rules and
       regulations; (c) each such dog must be owned by employees or
       principals of Tenant; (d) if  urination or defecation by any such
       dog occurs anywhere on the Premises, Tenant, at its sole cost and
       expense, shall be responsible for the immediate removal and/or 
       cleaning of such waste, including (if and to the extent necessary) 
       repair and restoring the Building; provided, that Tenant shall also
       be responsible for the payment of any reasonable additional
       janitorial charges related thereto; (e) Tenant is responsible for
       all reasonable cost, expenses, damages and losses caused by such
       dogs; for the avoidance of doubt, any damage of any kind caused by 
       such dogs shall not be considered to be normal wear and tear; and
       (f) Tenant’s commercial general liability policy required pursuant
       to Paragraph 32 of this Lease shall not include any exclusions with
       respect to dogs. All Christmas and other decorations must be
       constructed of flame retardant materials. Live Christmas trees are
       not permitted in the Premises.  Space heaters or other independent
       heating or cooling devices are prohibited, except as otherwise
       expressly provided in this Lease or as otherwise may be approved by
       Landlord.

       73. Effective Date.  Landlord and Tenant agree that this Lease will
       be effective as of the Effective Date. 

       ﻿
       [REMAINDER OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK.
       SIGNATURE PAGE FOLLOWS.]
        

        
       SUBLEASE AGREEMENTPage 35
       OLD DALLAS LIBRARY BUILDING
        
       -----------------------------------------------------------------

        

        
       IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Landlord and Tenant have executed this Lease in
       multiple original counterparts as of the Effective Date.

       ﻿
       ﻿
       11/1/2016
        
        
        
       ﻿
       LANDLORD:
        
        
       1914 COMMERCE LEASING LLC,
       ﻿
        
        
       a Texas limited liability company
       ﻿
        
        
        
       ﻿
        
        
        
       ﻿
        
        
        
       ﻿
       By:
        
       1914 Commerce GM, Inc.,
       ﻿
        
        
       a Texas corporation
       ﻿
       Its:
        
       Managing Member
       ﻿
        
        
        
       ﻿
        
        
        
        
       By:
       /s/
       Mehrdad Moayedi
        
       Name:
        
       Mehrdad Moayedi
        
       Title:
        
       Manager
        
        
        
        
       ﻿
       ﻿
       ﻿
       11/1/2016
        
        
        
       ﻿
       TENANT:
        
        
       The Dallas Morning News, Inc.,
       ﻿
        
        
       a Delaware corporation
       ﻿
        
        
        
        
       By:
       /s/
       Katy Murray
        
       Name:
        
       Katy Murray
        
       Title:
        
       Treasurer/Assistant Secretary
       ﻿
       ﻿
       ﻿
       ﻿
       ﻿
        

        
       SUBLEASE AGREEMENT (TX)Signature Page
       OLD DALLAS LIBRARY BUILDING
       -----------------------------------------------------------------

        

        
       EXHIBIT H
       ﻿
       BASE RENTAL
       ﻿
       ﻿
       Base Rental shall be the following amounts for the Original Term:
       ﻿
       ﻿
        
        
       Lease Year
       Annual Base Rental Rate Per Rentable Square Foot
       (plus electric)
       Monthly Base Rental
       (plus electric)
       1
       $0.00*
       $0.00*
       2
       $21.00
       $161,414.75
       3
       $21.50
       $165,257.95
       4
       $22.00
       $169,101.16
       5
       $22.50
       $172,944.37
       6
       $23.00
       $176,787.58
       7
       $23.50
       $180,630.79
       8
       $24.00
       $184,474.00
       9
       $24.50
       $188,317.20
       10
       $25.00
       $192,160.41
       11
       $25.50
       $196,003.62
       12
       $26.00
       $199,846.83
       13
       $26.50
       $203,690.04
       14
       $27.00
       $207,533.25
       15
       $27.50
       $211,376.45
       16
       $28.00
       $215,219.66
       ﻿
       * Tenant’s obligation to pay Base Rental shall be conditionally
       abated during the first twelve (12) months of the Original Term;
       provided, however, such abatement shall be conditioned upon Tenant’s
       full and timely performance of all of its monetary payment
       obligations under this Lease during the first twelve (12) months of
       the Original Term.  If at any time during the first twelve (12)
       months of the Original Term a monetary Event of Default by Tenant
       occurs, then such abatement shall immediately become void, and
       Tenant shall promptly pay to Landlord, in addition to all other
       amounts due to Landlord under this Lease, the full amount of all
       Base Rental payments herein abated, using an annual Base Rental rate
       of $21.00 per rentable square foot of space contained in the
       Premises (on a prorated basis, if applicable).
       ﻿

        
        
       EXHIBIT H to
       SUBLEASE AGREEMENT (TX)H-1
       OLD DALLAS LIBRARY BUILDING
        
       -----------------------------------------------------------------