 EX-10.2 3 d313916dex102.htm EX-10.2
Exhibit 10.2
 
Anthony Callini
   	 [LOGO]
9 December 2016 	   	Dear Tony,
   	We are very pleased to offer you a position with Monotype as Executive 
Vice President, Chief Financial Officer reporting directly to Scott 
Landers, Chief Executive Officer. We are excited about the talents and 
abilities you will bring to our organization and believe that this 
opportunity will provide you with challenges and continuing professional 
growth.
   	Compensation
   	Your compensation package will include:
   	
Base Salary:
 
$13,125.00 paid semi-monthly, which is $315,000 annualized equivalent 
(based on 24 pay periods).
   	
Annual Bonus:
 
Beginning in 2017, you will be eligible to participate in our Executive 
Incentive Compensation Plan, with a target bonus of 55% of your base 
salary, prorated for your first year of service. Under our bonus plans, no 
amounts are paid unless company financial goals are met. These goals, and 
individual targets, are approved annually by our Board of Directors and our 
Management Development and Compensation Committee.
   	
Equity Award:
 
Shares of common stock of Monotype Imaging Holdings Inc. trade on Nasdaq 
under the symbol “TYPE.” You will receive a grant of 40,000 shares subject 
to the terms of the associated agreement. If you start before the 15th of 
the month, you will receive your grant on the 15th of that month (the 
“Grant Date”). If you start on the 15th or after, you will receive your 
grant on the 15th of the following month (the “Grant Date”) assuming such 
day is a trading day.
   	
Benefits
 
Included in the Monotype flexible benefits program are twelve paid company 
holidays, three discretionary holidays and 20 vacation days per year 
(pro-rated based on your date of hire). We provide basic term life 
insurance in the amount of 2 times your annual base salary, short and long 
term disability in
 
Monotype Imaging Inc.
600 Unicorn Park Dr
Woburn MA
01801
United States
   	
Telephone +1 (781) 970-6020
Emil Human.resources@monotype.com
Monotype.com
   	

------------------------------------------------------------------------
   	addition to a 401(k) savings plan. Optional insurance benefits include 
group rate medical and dental coverage for you and your dependents (if 
applicable), and an optional supplemental life insurance plan which allows 
you to purchase additional coverage for you, your spouse or domestic 
partner, and children (if applicable).
   	Enclosed you will find our benefits summary which provides information 
concerning our plans and the different options available to you as an 
employee. All benefits are subject to applicable plan and policy documents.
   	Special Considerations
   	This job is contingent upon successful completion of:
   	
Executive Employment Agreement:
 
Enclosed is Monotype’s form of Executive Employment Agreement detailing 
further terms of employment including Confidentiality, Non-Competition, 
Non-Solicitation, Indemnification, Termination and Termination Benefits.
   	
Background Check:
 
Due to the nature of the position you will be required to complete a 
background check. You will receive an email from our background check 
vendor, Sterling, with instructions to complete the process. Please respond 
to this request at your absolute earliest convenience in order to ensure 
quick turnaround and so that it does not affect your anticipated start 
date.
   	
Employment Eligibility Verification (I9):
 
As specified by the Immigration Reform and Control Act of 1986, you will 
need to furnish proof of your identity as well as evidence of your 
eligibility to work in the United States. If you have any questions 
regarding the type of documentation required, please let me know.
   	
Confidentiality and Assignment Agreement:
 
You will be required to sign a copy of the enclosed Monotype employee 
Confidentiality and Assignment Agreement.
   	Your employment with Monotype will be “at will,” meaning that you or 
Monotype may end your employment at any time and for any reason.
   	Please acknowledge your acceptance of this offer of employment by 
signing this offer letter and returning it to me by December 13, 2016. You 
may scan and email your signed offer letter directly to me at 
jennifer.peterson@Monotype.com.
 
Monotype Imaging Inc.
600 Unicorn Park Dr
Woburn MA
01801
United States
   	
Telephone +1 (781) 970-6020
Emil Human.resources@monotype.com
Monotype.com
   	

------------------------------------------------------------------------
  	We are excited to welcome you to the Monotype team, and look forward to 
mutual success. If you should have any questions regarding this offer, 
please contact me at (617) 548-6403.
 
   	Best regards, 	   	
   	
/s/ Jennifer Peterson
   	
   	
Jennifer Peterson
Senior Vice President, Human Resources
Monotype
   	
   	AGREED AND ACCEPTED 	   	
   	
/s/ Anthony Callini
   	
December 12, 2016
   	Signature 	   	Date
 
Monotype Imaging Inc.
600 Unicorn Park Dr
Woburn MA
01801
United States
   	
Telephone +1 (781) 970-6020
Emil Human.resources@monotype.com
Monotype.com
   	