 EX-10.2 GUARANTY OF 3 c898-20170103xex10_2guar.htm EX-10.2 GUARANTY OF 
LEASE
       Exhibit 10.2
       GUARANTY OF LEASE
       ﻿
       ﻿
       FOR VALUE RECEIVED, and in consideration for, and as an inducement
       to 1914 COMMERCE LEASING LLC, a Texas limited liability company, to
       enter into a sublease (the “Lease”) as “Landlord” with The Dallas
       Morning News, Inc., a Delaware corporation, as “Tenant,” the
       undersigned, whether to one or more, jointly and severally do hereby
       unconditionally guarantee to Landlord the full and timely
       performance and observance of all the covenants, conditions, and
       agreements therein provided to be performed and observed by Tenant
       and expressly agree that the validity of this Guaranty of Lease and
       the obligations of the undersigned hereunder shall in no way be
       terminated, affected or impaired by reason of any forbearances,
       settlements or compromises between Landlord and Tenant or the
       invalidity of the Lease for any reason whatsoever or by the relief
       of Tenant from any of Tenant’s obligations under the Lease by
       operation of law or otherwise, including, without limitation of the
       generality of the foregoing, the rejection or assignment of the
       Lease in connection with proceedings under any present or future
       provision of the federal Bankruptcy Act, or any similar law or
       statute of the United States or any state thereof.

       The undersigned further covenants and agrees that this Guaranty
       shall be and remain in full force and effect as to any renewal,
       modification or extension of the Lease, whether or not known to or
       approved by the undersigned, and that no subletting, assignment or
       other transfer of the Lease, or any interest therein, or any such
       renewal, modification, or extension, shall operate to extinguish or
       diminish the liability of the undersigned hereunder.  In the event
       of any termination of the Lease by Landlord, the undersigned’s
       liability hereunder shall not be terminated, but the undersigned
       shall be and remain fully liable for all damages, costs, expenses
       and other claims which may arise under or in connection with the
       Lease.  If the undersigned shall, directly or indirectly, advance
       any sums to the Tenant, such sums and indebtedness shall be
       subordinate in all respects to the amounts then and thereafter due
       and owing by the Tenant under the Lease.

       Wherever reference is made to the liability of Tenant in the Lease,
       such reference shall be deemed likewise to refer to the undersigned,
       jointly and severally, with Tenant.  The liability of the
       undersigned for the obligations of Tenant under the Lease shall be
       primary.  In any right of action which shall accrue to Landlord
       under the Lease, Landlord may, at Landlord’s option, proceed against
       any one or more of the undersigned and/or Tenant, jointly or
       severally, and may proceed against any one or more of the
       undersigned without having demanded performance of, commenced any
       action against or having obtained any judgment against Tenant.  The
       undersigned hereby waive any obligation on the part of Landlord to
       enforce or seek to enforce the terms of the Lease against Tenant as
       a condition to Landlord’s right to proceed against the undersigned
       hereunder.  The undersigned hereby expressly waive: (i) notice of
       acceptance of this Guaranty of Lease and of presentment, demand and
       protect; (ii) notice of any default hereunder or under the Lease and
       all indulgences; (iii) demand for observance, performance or
       enforcement of any terms or provisions of this Guaranty of Lease or
       of the Lease; and (iv) all other notices and demands otherwise
       required by law which the undersigned may lawfully waive.  This
       Guaranty is a guaranty of payment and not a guaranty of collection.
       The undersigned agree that in the event this Guaranty of Lease shall
       be enforced by suit or otherwise, the undersigned will reimburse the
       Landlord, upon demand, for all expenses incurred in connection
       therewith, including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys’
       fees.

       The undersigned hereby waive, to the maximum extent permitted by
       law, all defenses available to a guarantor or surety, whether the
       waiver is specifically herein enumerated or not.

       1
        
       -----------------------------------------------------------------

        

       It is further agreed that all of the terms and provisions hereof
       shall inure to the benefit of the respective heirs, executors,
       administrators, successors and assigns of the Landlord, and shall be
       binding upon the respective successors and assigns of the
       undersigned.

       In the event more than one person or entity executes this Guaranty
       of Lease, the liability of such signatories hereunder shall be joint
       and several.  In the event only one person or entity executes this
       Guaranty, all provisions hereof which refer to more than one
       guarantor shall be automatically modified to refer to only one
       guarantor, more otherwise this Guaranty shall remain unmodified and
       in full force and effect.

       It is understood that other agreements similar to this Guaranty of
       Lease may, at Landlord’s sole option and discretion, be executed by
       other persons with respect to the Lease.  This Guaranty of Lease
       shall be cumulative of any such agreements and the liabilities and
       obligations of the undersigned hereunder shall in no event be
       affected or diminished by reason of such other agreements. 
       Moreover, in the event Landlord obtains the signature of more than
       one guarantor on this Guaranty of Lease or obtains additional
       guarantee agreements, or both, the undersigned agrees that Landlord,
       in Landlord’s sole discretion, may (i) compound or settle with any
       one or more of the guarantors for such consideration as Landlord may
       deem proper, and (ii) release one or more of the guarantors from
       liability.  The undersigned further agrees that no such action shall
       impair the rights of Landlord to enforce the Lease against any
       remaining guarantor or guarantors, including the undersigned. 

       If the undersigned is a corporation (including any form of
       professional association), then the undersigned covenants, warrants
       and represents that each individual executing or attesting this
       Guaranty of Lease on behalf of such corporation is duly authorized
       to execute or attest and deliver this Guaranty of Lease on behalf of
       such corporation.  In addition, if the undersigned is a corporation,
       then the undersigned covenants, warrants and represents that the
       Board of Directors of the corporation, by unanimous consent or in a
       duly held meeting, has authorized the execution of this Guaranty and
       has determined that this Guaranty may reasonably be expected to
       benefit the corporation. If the undersigned is a partnership
       (general or limited) or limited liability company, then the
       undersigned covenants, warrants and represents that each individual
       executing or attesting this Guaranty of Lease on behalf of
       partnership or company is duly authorized to execute and deliver
       this Guaranty of Lease on behalf of the partnership or company in
       accordance with the partnership agreement or membership agreement,
       as the case may be, or an amendment thereto, now in effect.

       This Guaranty of Lease shall be governed by the laws of the State of
       Texas, and shall be performed in all respects in Dallas County,
       Texas.

       [Signature Page Follows.]

       2
        
       -----------------------------------------------------------------

        

       EXECUTED to be effective as of December 30, 2016.

       ﻿
       ﻿
        
        
       ﻿
        
       GUARANTOR:
       ﻿
        
        
       ﻿
        
       A. H. BELO CORPORATION,
       ﻿
        
       a Delaware corporation
       ﻿
        
        
       By:
       /s/
       Katy Murray
       Name:
        
       Katy Murray
       Title:
        
       Senior Vice President/Chief Financial Officer
       ﻿
       ﻿
       ﻿
        
        
       ﻿
        
       GUARANTOR’S ADDRESS:
       ﻿
        
        
       ﻿
        
       508 Young Street
       ﻿
        
       Dallas, TX 75202
       ﻿

       ﻿

       3
        
       -----------------------------------------------------------------