 EX-10.1 2 d391945dex101.htm EX-10.1
Exhibit 10.1

Execution Version

AMENDMENT NO. 1

AMENDMENT NO. 1 (this “Agreement”) dated as of May 12, 2017 relating to the 
First Lien Credit Agreement dated as of October 11, 2013 (as amended, 
restated, supplemented, waived or otherwise modified from time to time 
prior to the date hereof, the “Credit Agreement”) among (a) CAESARS 
ENTERTAINMENT RESORT PROPERTIES, LLC (“CERP LLC”), (b) CAESARS 
ENTERTAINMENT RESORT PROPERTIES FINANCE, INC. (“CERP Finance”), (c) (i) 
HARRAH’S LAS VEGAS, LLC, (ii) RIO PROPERTIES, LLC and (iii) HARRAH’S 
LAUGHLIN, LLC ((i) through (iii) of this clause (c), collectively, the “
CMBS Borrowers” and each, a “CMBS Borrower”, and together with CERP LLC and 
CERP Finance, collectively, the “Borrowers” and each, a “Borrower”), (d) 
the LENDERS party thereto from time to time and (e) CITICORP NORTH AMERICA, 
INC., as administrative agent (together with its successors and assigns in 
such capacity, the “Administrative Agent”) and as collateral agent.


RECITALS:

WHEREAS, the Borrowers have requested, and each Revolving Facility Lender 
that has delivered its consent to this Agreement to the Administrative 
Agent has agreed, to reduce the Applicable Margin on the Revolving Facility 
Loans of such Revolving Facility Lender;

WHEREAS, the Borrowers have requested, and each Lender holding Term B Loans 
has agreed by delivery of its consent to this Agreement to the 
Administrative Agent, to reduce the Applicable Margin on the Term B Loans;

WHEREAS, the Borrowers have appointed each of Citigroup Global Markets 
Inc., Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC, Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. and 
Morgan Stanley Senior Funding, Inc. (collectively, the “First Amendment 
Arrangers”) as joint lead arrangers in connection with this Agreement; and

WHEREAS, the Borrowers have requested certain additional amendments and 
modifications to the Credit Agreement as set forth in Exhibit A hereto and 
the Lenders that have consented to this Agreement, constituting the 
Required Lenders under the Credit Agreement, have agreed to such amendments 
and modifications.

NOW, THEREFORE, the parties hereto therefore agree as follows:

SECTION 1.    Defined Terms; References. Capitalized terms used in this 
Agreement and not otherwise defined herein have the respective meanings 
assigned thereto in the Credit Agreement. The rules of construction 
specified in Section 1.02 of the Credit Agreement also apply to this 
Agreement. Each reference to “hereof”, “hereunder”, “herein” and “hereby” 
and each other similar reference and each reference to “this Agreement” and 
each other similar reference contained in the Credit Agreement shall, after 
this Agreement becomes effective, refer to the Credit Agreement as amended 
hereby.

SECTION 2.    Amendments to Credit Agreement. The Credit Agreement is 
hereby amended to delete all stricken text (indicated textually in the same 
manner as the following example: stricken text) and to add all 
double-underlined text (indicated textually in the same manner as the 
following example: double-underlined text) as set forth in the conformed 
Credit Agreement attached hereto as Exhibit A.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
SECTION 3.    Representations of the Borrowers. The Borrowers represent and 
warrant that:

(a)    the representations and warranties set forth in the Loan Documents 
are true and correct in all material respects on and as of the date hereof 
after giving effect hereto with the same effect as though made on and as of 
such date, except to the extent such representations and warranties 
expressly relate to an earlier date (in which case such representations and 
warranties are true and correct in all material respects as of such earlier 
date); and

(b)    no Event of Default or Default is continuing on and as of the date 
hereof after giving effect hereto.

SECTION 4.    Conditions. This Agreement shall become effective as of the 
first date (the “First Amendment Effective Date”) when each of the 
following conditions shall have been satisfied:

(a)    the Administrative Agent (or its counsel) shall have received (x) 
from each Loan Party, the Required Lenders (determined before giving effect 
to the replacement of any Non-Consenting Lenders), each Lender holding Term 
B Loans (after giving effect to the replacement of any Non-Consenting 
Lenders), and each Revolving Facility Lender desiring to consent to this 
Agreement (i) a consent to this Agreement signed on behalf of such party or 
(ii) written evidence reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent 
(which may include facsimile or electronic transmission of a signed 
signature page of this Agreement) that such party has signed a consent to 
this Agreement and (y) from the Administrative Agent, an executed 
counterpart to this Agreement;

(b)    the representations and warranties set forth in Section 3 above 
shall be true and correct; and

(c)    any fees and reasonable out-of-pocket expenses (including reasonable 
fees, charges and disbursements of Davis Polk & Wardwell LLP) owing by the 
Borrowers to the Administrative Agent and the First Amendment Arrangers and 
invoiced prior to the date hereof shall have been paid in full (subject to 
any agreed-upon limits contained in any letter agreement with the 
Administrative Agent or its affiliates or such First Amendment Arrangers or 
their respective affiliates entered into in connection with this 
Agreement).

SECTION 5.    Governing Law. This Agreement shall be construed in 
accordance with and governed by the laws of the State of New York.

SECTION 6.    Confirmation of Guaranties and Security Interests; Octavius 
Lease.

(a)    Confirmation of Guaranties and Security Interests. By signing this 
Agreement, each Loan Party hereby confirms that (i) the obligations of the 
Loan Parties under the Credit Agreement as modified hereby and the other 
Loan Documents (x) are entitled to
 
2

------------------------------------------------------------------------
the benefits of the guarantees and the security interests set forth or 
created in the Collateral Agreement and the other Loan Documents and (y) 
constitute Loan Obligations and (ii) notwithstanding the effectiveness of 
the terms hereof, the Collateral Agreement and the other Loan Documents 
are, and shall continue to be, in full force and effect and are hereby 
ratified and confirmed in all respects after giving effect to the 
amendments contemplated by this Agreement. Each Loan Party ratifies and 
confirms that all Liens granted, conveyed, or assigned to any Agent by such 
person pursuant to each Loan Document to which it is a party remain in full 
force and effect, are not released or reduced, and continue to secure full 
payment and performance of the Loan Obligations as modified hereby.

(b)    Octavius Lease. By executing their consents to this Agreement, and 
in consideration of the Borrowers’ agreements herein, the Lenders executing 
such consents hereby agree on behalf of themselves and their successors and 
assigns, that they will not, and they will instruct the Administrative 
Agent and Collateral Agent not to, exercise any right they may have 
(whether directly or indirectly) to terminate the Octavius Lease or 
otherwise terminate the right of the tenant (and any subtenant) thereunder 
to possess the leased premises thereunder unless an event of default has 
occurred thereunder after giving effect to all cure periods provided 
thereunder after giving effect to the Octavius Lease Amendment (including 
any cure rights and extended cure periods provided to such tenant’s and 
subtenant’s lenders pursuant to the terms of the Octavius Lease Amendment).

SECTION 7.    Counterparts. This Agreement may be signed in any number of 
counterparts, each of which shall be an original, with the same effect as 
if the signatures thereto and hereto were upon the same instrument. 
Delivery of an executed counterpart to this Agreement by facsimile or 
electronic transmission shall be as effective as delivery of a manually 
signed original.

SECTION 8.    Miscellaneous. This Agreement shall constitute a Loan 
Document for all purposes of the Credit Agreement. The Borrowers shall pay 
all reasonable fees, costs and expenses of the Administrative Agent as 
agreed to between the parties incurred in connection with the negotiation, 
preparation and execution of this Agreement and the transactions 
contemplated hereby (in the case of any such fees and reasonable 
out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with this Agreement, subject 
to any agreed-upon limits contained in any letter agreement with the 
Administrative Agent or its affiliates entered into in connection with this 
Agreement). The execution, delivery and effectiveness of this Agreement 
shall not, except as expressly provided herein, operate as a waiver of any 
right, power or remedy of any Lender or the Administrative Agent under any 
of the Loan Documents, nor constitute a waiver of any provision of any of 
the Loan Documents.

[Remainder of Page Intentionally Left Blank]
 
3

------------------------------------------------------------------------
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be 
duly executed as of the date first above written.
 
CAESARS ENTERTAINMENT RESORT           PROPERTIES, LLC
CAESARS ENTERTAINMENT RESORT           PROPERTIES FINANCE, INC.
HARRAH’S LAS VEGAS, LLC
RIO PROPERTIES, LLC
HARRAH’S LAUGHLIN, LLC,
as Borrowers
By: 	  	
/s/ Eric Hession
  	Name: Eric Hession
  	Title: Treasurer
 
[Signature Page to Amendment No. 1]

------------------------------------------------------------------------
OCTAVIUS/LINQ INTERMEDIATE
              HOLDING, LLC
CAESARS LINQ, LLC
CAESARS OCTAVIUS, LLC
HARRAH’S ATLANTIC CITY
                OPERATING COMPANY, LLC
HARRAH’S ATLANTIC CITY PROPCO,
                LLC
HARRAH’S ATLANTIC CITY MEZZ 1,
                LLC
HARRAH’S ATLANTIC CITY MEZZ 2,
                LLC
HARRAH’S ATLANTIC CITY MEZZ 3,
                LLC
HARRAH’S ATLANTIC CITY MEZZ 4,
                LLC
HARRAH’S ATLANTIC CITY MEZZ 5,
                LLC
HARRAH’S ATLANTIC CITY MEZZ 6,
                LLC
HARRAH’S ATLANTIC CITY MEZZ 7,
                LLC
HARRAH’S ATLANTIC CITY MEZZ 8,
                LLC
HARRAH’S ATLANTIC CITY MEZZ 9,
                LLC
PARIS LAS VEGAS OPERATING
                COMPANY, LLC
FLAMINGO LAS VEGAS OPERATING                 COMPANY, LLC
AC CONFERENCE HOLDCO., LLC
AC CONFERENCE NEWCO., LLC,
as Subsidiary Loan Parties
By: 	  	
/s/ Eric Hession
  	Name: Eric Hession
  	Title: Treasurer
 
[Signature Page to Amendment No. 1]

------------------------------------------------------------------------
CAESARS FLORIDA ACQUISITION
                COMPANY, LLC,
as a Subsidiary Loan Party
By: 	  	
Caesars Entertainment Resort
Properties, LLC, as sole member
By: 	  	
/s/ Eric Hession
  	Name: Eric Hession
  	Title: Treasurer
 
[Signature Page to Amendment No. 1]

------------------------------------------------------------------------
ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT
    CITICORP NORTH AMERICA, INC., as             Administrative Agent
By: 	  	
/s/ Caesar Wyszomirski
  	Name:    Caesar Wyszomirski
  	Title:      Director
 
[Signature Page to Amendment No. 1]

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Exhibit A

Amendments to Credit Agreement

[attached]

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Execution Version

FIRST LIEN CREDIT AGREEMENT

Dated as of October 11, 2013,
(as amended by Amendment No. 1, dated as of May 12, 2017),

Among

CAESARS ENTERTAINMENT RESORT PROPERTIES, LLC,
CAESARS ENTERTAINMENT RESORT PROPERTIES FINANCE, INC.
HARRAH’S LAS VEGAS, LLC,
HARRAH’S ATLANTIC CITY HOLDING, INC.,
RIO PROPERTIES, LLC,
FLAMINGO LAS VEGAS HOLDING, LLC,
HARRAH’S LAUGHLIN, LLC, AND
PARIS LAS VEGAS HOLDING, LLC
as Borrowers,

THE LENDERS PARTY HERETO,

CITICORP NORTH AMERICA, INC.,
as Administrative Agent,

CITICORP NORTH AMERICA, INC., J.P. MORGAN SECURITIES LLC, MERRILL LYNCH,
PIERCE, FENNER & SMITH INCORPORATED, CREDIT SUISSE AG, DEUTSCHE BANK
SECURITIES INC., GOLDMAN SACHS BANK USA, MORGAN STANLEY SENIOR
FUNDING, INC., MIHI LLC and UBS SECURITIES LLC, as Syndication Agents,

CITICORP NORTH AMERICA, INC., J.P. MORGAN SECURITIES LLC, MERRILL LYNCH,
PIERCE, FENNER & SMITH INCORPORATED, CREDIT SUISSE AG, DEUTSCHE BANK
SECURITIES INC., GOLDMAN SACHS BANK USA, MORGAN STANLEY SENIOR
FUNDING, INC., MIHI LLC and UBS SECURITIES LLC, as Documentation Agents,

and

CITIGROUP GLOBAL MARKETS INC.,
J.P. MORGAN SECURITIES LLC,
MERRILL LYNCH, PIERCE, FENNER & SMITH INCORPORATED,
CREDIT SUISSE SECURITIES (USA) LLC,
DEUTSCHE BANK SECURITIES INC.,
GOLDMAN SACHS BANK USA,
MORGAN STANLEY SENIOR FUNDING, INC.,
MACQUARIE CAPITAL (USA) INC., AND
UBS SECURITIES LLC,
as Co-Lead Arrangers and Bookrunners
 
 
 

------------------------------------------------------------------------
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
  	   	  	   	Page 	 
ARTICLE I
Definitions
 
 
SECTION 1.01. 	   	Defined Terms 	   	  	1 	 
SECTION 1.02. 	   	Terms Generally 	   	  	7174 	 
SECTION 1.03. 	   	Effectuation of Transactions 	   	  	7174 	 
SECTION 1.04. 	   	Exchange Rates; Currency Equivalents 	   	  	7274 	 
SECTION 1.05. 	   	Times of Day 	   	  	7275 	 
SECTION 1.06. 	   	Timing of Payment or Performance 	   	  	7275 	 
ARTICLE II 	 
The Credits 	 
SECTION 2.01. 	   	Commitments 	   	  	7275 	 
SECTION 2.02. 	   	Loans and Borrowings 	   	  	7375 	 
SECTION 2.03. 	   	Requests for Borrowings 	   	  	7376 	 
SECTION 2.04. 	   	Swingline Loans 	   	  	7477 	 
SECTION 2.05. 	   	The Letter of Credit Commitment 	   	  	7880 	 
SECTION 2.06. 	   	Funding of Borrowings 	   	  	8790 	 
SECTION 2.07. 	   	Interest Elections 	   	  	8790 	 
SECTION 2.08. 	   	Termination and Reduction of Commitments 	   	  	8992 	 
SECTION 2.09. 	   	Repayment of Loans; Evidence of Debt 	   	  	8992 	 
SECTION 2.10. 	   	Repayment of Term Loans and Revolving Facility Loans 	   	
  	9093 	 
SECTION 2.11. 	   	Prepayment of Loans 	   	  	9295 	 
SECTION 2.12. 	   	Fees 	   	  	97101 	 
SECTION 2.13. 	   	Interest 	   	  	98102 	 
SECTION 2.14. 	   	Alternate Rate of Interest 	   	  	99103 	 
SECTION 2.15. 	   	Increased Costs 	   	  	100103 	 
SECTION 2.16. 	   	Break Funding Payments 	   	  	101105 	 
SECTION 2.17. 	   	Taxes 	   	  	101105 	 
SECTION 2.18. 	   	Payments Generally; Pro Rata Treatment; Sharing of 
Set-offs 	   	  	105108 	 
SECTION 2.19. 	   	Mitigation Obligations; Replacement of Lenders 	   	  	
106110 	 
SECTION 2.20. 	   	Illegality 	   	  	108111 	 
SECTION 2.21. 	   	Incremental Commitments 	   	  	108112 	 
SECTION 2.22. 	   	Defaulting Lenders 	   	  	116120 	 
SECTION 2.23. 	   	Conversion of Revolving Facility Commitments 	   	  	
122 	 
ARTICLE III 	 
Representations and Warranties 	 
SECTION 3.01. 	   	Organization; Powers 	   	  	119123 	 
SECTION 3.02. 	   	Authorization 	   	  	119124 	 
SECTION 3.03. 	   	Enforceability 	   	  	119124 	 
 
i

------------------------------------------------------------------------
  	   	  	   	Page
SECTION 3.04. 	   	Governmental Approvals 	   	120124
SECTION 3.05. 	   	Financial Statements 	   	120125
SECTION 3.06. 	   	No Material Adverse Effect 	   	121125
SECTION 3.07. 	   	Title to Properties; Possession Under Leases 	   	121
126
SECTION 3.08. 	   	Subsidiaries 	   	122126
SECTION 3.09. 	   	Litigation; Compliance with Laws 	   	122126
SECTION 3.10. 	   	Federal Reserve Regulations 	   	122127
SECTION 3.11. 	   	Investment Company Act 	   	123127
SECTION 3.12. 	   	Use of Proceeds 	   	123127
SECTION 3.13. 	   	Tax Returns 	   	123127
SECTION 3.14. 	   	No Material Misstatements 	   	123128
SECTION 3.15. 	   	Employee Benefit Plans 	   	124128
SECTION 3.16. 	   	Environmental Matters 	   	124129
SECTION 3.17. 	   	Security Documents 	   	125129
SECTION 3.18. 	   	Location of Real Property and Leased Premises 	   	126
130
SECTION 3.19. 	   	Solvency 	   	126131
SECTION 3.20. 	   	Labor Matters 	   	127131
SECTION 3.21. 	   	No Default 	   	127132
SECTION 3.22. 	   	Intellectual Property; Licenses, Etc. 	   	127132
SECTION 3.23. 	   	Senior Debt 	   	127132
SECTION 3.24. 	   	Anti-Money Laundering and Economic Sanctions Laws 	   	
127132
ARTICLE IV
Conditions of Lending
SECTION 4.01. 	   	All Credit Events 	   	128133
SECTION 4.02. 	   	First Credit Event 	   	129134
ARTICLE V
Affirmative Covenants
SECTION 5.01. 	   	Existence; Businesses and Properties 	   	131136
SECTION 5.02. 	   	Insurance 	   	132137
SECTION 5.03. 	   	Taxes 	   	133138
SECTION 5.04. 	   	Financial Statements, Reports, etc. 	   	133138
SECTION 5.05. 	   	Litigation and Other Notices 	   	136140
SECTION 5.06. 	   	Compliance with Laws 	   	136141
SECTION 5.07. 	   	Maintaining Records; Access to Properties and 
Inspections 	   	136141
SECTION 5.08. 	   	Use of Proceeds 	   	137141
SECTION 5.09. 	   	Compliance with Environmental Laws 	   	137141
SECTION 5.10. 	   	Further Assurances; Additional Security 	   	137142
SECTION 5.11. 	   	Real Property Development Matters 	   	140145
SECTION 5.12. 	   	Rating 	   	142147
 
ii

------------------------------------------------------------------------
  	   	  	   	Page
ARTICLE VI
Negative Covenants
SECTION 6.01. 	   	Indebtedness 	   	143147
SECTION 6.02. 	   	Liens 	   	149154
SECTION 6.03. 	   	Sale and Lease-Back Transactions 	   	156161
SECTION 6.04. 	   	Investments, Loans and Advances 	   	156161
SECTION 6.05. 	   	Mergers, Consolidations, Sales of Assets and 
Acquisitions 	   	161166
SECTION 6.06. 	   	Restricted Payments 	   	165170
SECTION 6.07. 	   	Transactions with Affiliates 	   	168173
SECTION 6.08. 	   	Business of the Borrowers and the Subsidiaries 	   	171
176
SECTION 6.09. 	   	
 Limitation on Payments and Modifications of Indebtedness; Modifications of
 Certificate of Incorporation, By-Laws and Certain Other Agreements; etc.
   	171176
SECTION 6.10. 	   	Senior Secured Leverage Ratio 	   	174179
SECTION 6.11. 	   	No Other “Designated Senior Debt” 	   	174179
ARTICLE VII 	   	
Events of Default 	   	
SECTION 7.01. 	   	Events of Default 	   	174179
SECTION 7.02. 	   	Right to Cure 	   	177182
ARTICLE VIII 	   	
The Agents 	   	
SECTION 8.01. 	   	Appointment 	   	178183
SECTION 8.02. 	   	Delegation of Duties 	   	178184
SECTION 8.03. 	   	Exculpatory Provisions 	   	179184
SECTION 8.04. 	   	Reliance by Agents 	   	179184
SECTION 8.05. 	   	Notice of Default 	   	179185
SECTION 8.06. 	   	Non-Reliance on Administrative Agent, Collateral Agent 
and Other Lenders 	   	180185
SECTION 8.07. 	   	Indemnification 	   	180185
SECTION 8.08. 	   	Agents in their Individual Capacity 	   	181186
SECTION 8.09. 	   	Successor Agents 	   	181186
SECTION 8.10. 	   	Payments Set Aside 	   	182187
SECTION 8.11. 	   	Administrative Agent May File Proofs of Claim 	   	182
187
SECTION 8.12. 	   	Collateral and Guaranty Matters 	   	183188
SECTION 8.13. 	   	Agents and Arrangers 	   	183188
SECTION 8.14. 	   	First Lien Intercreditor Agreement and Collateral 
Matters 	   	183188
SECTION 8.15. 	   	Withholding Tax 	   	184189
ARTICLE IX
Miscellaneous
SECTION 9.01. 	   	Notices; Communications 	   	184189
 
iii

------------------------------------------------------------------------
  	   	  	   	Page 	 
 SECTION 9.02.
   	
 Survival of Agreement
   	  	186191 	 
 SECTION 9.03.
   	
 Binding Effect
   	  	186191 	 
 SECTION 9.04.
   	
 Successors and Assigns
   	  	186191 	 
 SECTION 9.05.
   	
 Expenses; Indemnity
   	  	191197 	 
 SECTION 9.06.
   	
 Right of Set-off
   	  	193199 	 
 SECTION 9.07.
   	
 Applicable Law
   	  	194199 	 
 SECTION 9.08.
   	
 Waivers; Amendment
   	  	194199 	 
 SECTION 9.09.
   	
 Interest Rate Limitation
   	  	197202 	 
 SECTION 9.10.
   	
 Entire Agreement
   	  	197203 	 
 SECTION 9.11.
   	
 WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL
   	  	197203 	 
 SECTION 9.12.
   	
 Severability
   	  	198203 	 
 SECTION 9.13.
   	
 Counterparts
   	  	198203 	 
 SECTION 9.14.
   	
 Headings
   	  	198203 	 
 SECTION 9.15.
   	
 Jurisdiction; Consent to Service of Process
   	  	198204 	 
 SECTION 9.16.
   	
 Confidentiality
   	  	199204 	 
 SECTION 9.17.
   	
 Platform; Borrower Materials
   	  	200205 	 
 SECTION 9.18.
   	
 Release of Liens, Guarantees and Pledges
   	  	201206 	 
 SECTION 9.19.
   	
 Judgment Currency
   	  	202208 	 
 SECTION 9.20.
   	
 USA PATRIOT Act Notice
   	  	203208 	 
 SECTION 9.21.
   	
 No Advisory or Fiduciary Responsibility
   	  	203208 	 
 SECTION 9.22.
   	
 Application of Gaming Laws
   	  	204209 	 
 SECTION 9.23.
   	
 Affiliate Lenders
   	  	205210 	 
 SECTION  9.24.
   	
 Acknowledgement and Consent to Bail-In of EEA Financial Institutions
   	  	211 	 

Exhibits and Schedules
 
 Exhibit A
     	
 Form of Assignment and Acceptance
 Exhibit B
     	
 Form of Borrowing Request
 Exhibit C
     	
 Form of Swingline Borrowing Request
 Exhibit D
     	
 Form of Interest Election Request
 Exhibit E
     	
 Form of Mortgage
 Exhibit F
     	
 Form of Permitted Loan Purchase Assignment and Acceptance
 Exhibit G
     	
 Form of Discounted Prepayment Option Notice
 Exhibit H
     	
 Form of Lender Participation Notice
 Exhibit I
     	
 Form of Discounted Voluntary Prepayment Notice
 Exhibit J
     	
 Form of Solvency Certificate
 Exhibit K
     	
 Form of Global Intercompany Note
 Exhibit L
     	
 Form of Subordination, Non-Disturbance and Attornment Agreement
 Exhibit M
     	
 Form of Collateral Agreement
 Exhibit N
     	
 Form of Subsidiary Guarantee Agreement
 Exhibit O
     	
 Form of First Lien Intercreditor Agreement
 Exhibit P
     	
 Form of Second Lien Intercreditor Agreement
 Schedule 1.01(A)
     	
 Mortgaged Properties
 Schedule 1.01(B)
     	
 Existing Letters of Credit
 
iv

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Schedule 1.01(C)
     	
 Subsidiary Loan Parties
 Schedule 1.01(D)
     	
 Undeveloped Land
 Schedule 1.01(E)
     	
 Closing Date Unrestricted Subsidiaries
 Schedule 1.01(F)
     	
 Post-Closing Restructuring Transaction
 Schedule 2.01
     	
 Commitments
 Schedule 3.01
     	
 Organization; Powers
 Schedule 3.04
     	
 Governmental Approvals
 Schedule 3.08(a)
     	
 Subsidiaries
 Schedule 3.08(b)
     	
 Subscriptions
 Schedule 3.22
     	
 Intellectual Property Rights
 Schedule 4.02(b)
     	
 Local Counsel
 Schedule 5.10
     	
 Post-Closing Items
 Schedule 6.01
     	
 Existing Indebtedness
 Schedule 6.02(a)
     	
 Existing Liens
 Schedule 6.04
     	
 Existing Investments
 Schedule 6.07
     	
 Transactions with Affiliates
 Schedule 9.01
     	
 Notice Information
 
v

------------------------------------------------------------------------
FIRST LIEN CREDIT AGREEMENT dated as of October 11, 2013 (this “Agreement
”), among (a) CAESARS ENTERTAINMENT RESORT PROPERTIES, LLC, a Delaware 
limited liability company (“CERP LLC”), (b) CAESARS ENTERTAINMENT RESORT 
PROPERTIES FINANCE, INC., a Delaware corporation (“CERP Finance”) and (c) 
(i) HARRAH’S LAS VEGAS, LLC, a Nevada limited liability company, (ii) 
HARRAH’S ATLANTIC CITY HOLDING, INC., a New Jersey corporation, (iii) RIO 
PROPERTIES, LLC, a Nevada limited liability company, (iv) FLAMINGO LAS 
VEGAS HOLDING, LLC, a Nevada limited liability company, (v) HARRAH’S 
LAUGHLIN, LLC, a Nevada limited liability company and (vi) PARIS LAS VEGAS 
HOLDING, LLC, a Nevada limited liability company ((i) through (vi) of this 
clause (c), collectively the “CMBS Borrowers” or each, a “CMBS Borrower”, 
together with CERP LLC and CERP Finance, the “Borrowers”), the LENDERS 
party hereto from time to time and CITICORP NORTH AMERICA, INC., as 
administrative agent and collateral agent for the Lenders.

WHEREAS, in connection with the refinancing of the Existing Facilities of 
the CMBS Borrowers and their subsidiaries, the Borrowers (a) have requested 
the Lenders to extend credit in the form of (i) Term B Loans on the Closing 
Date, in an aggregate principal amount of $2,500.0 million and (ii) 
Revolving Facility Loans, Swingline Loans and Letters of Credit at any time 
and from time to time prior to the Revolving Facility Maturity Date, in an 
aggregate Outstanding Amount at any time not to exceed $269.5 million and 
(b) will issue up to $1,000.0 million in aggregate principal amount of 
First Priority Senior Secured Notes and up to $1,150.0 million in aggregate 
principal amount of Second Priority Senior Secured Notes, in each case, in 
a Rule 144A or other private placement.

NOW, THEREFORE, the Lenders and the L/C Issuer are willing to extend such 
credit to the Borrowers on the terms and subject to the conditions set 
forth herein. Accordingly, the parties hereto agree as follows:


ARTICLE I
Definitions

SECTION 1.01.    Defined Terms. As used in this Agreement, the following 
terms shall have the meanings specified below:

“ABR” shall mean, for any day, a fluctuating rate per annum equal to the 
highest of (a) the Federal Funds Rate in effect for such day plus 1/2 of 
1%, (b) the Prime Rate in effect on such day and (c) the Adjusted 
Eurocurrency Rate for a one-month Interest Period on such day (or if such 
day is not a Business Day, the immediately preceding Business Day) plus 
1.00%; provided, that for the avoidance of doubt, the Eurocurrency Rate for 
any day shall be based on the rate determined on such day at approximately 
11:00 a.m. (London time) by reference to the British Bankers’ Association 
Interest Settlement Rates (or the successor thereto if the British Bankers’ 
Association is no longer making a Eurocurrency Rate available) for deposits 
in Dollars (as set forth by any service selected by the Administrative 
Agent that has been nominated by the British Bankers’ Association (or the 
successor thereto if the British Bankers’ Association is no longer making a 
Eurocurrency Rate available) as an authorized vendor for the purpose of 
displaying such rates). Any change in such rate due to a change in the 
Prime Rate, the Federal Funds Rate or the Adjusted Eurocurrency Rate shall 
be effective from and including the effective date of such change in the 
Prime Rate, the Federal Funds Rate or the Adjusted Eurocurrency Rate, as 
the case may be.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
“ABR Borrowing” shall mean a Borrowing comprised of ABR Loans.

“ABR Loan” shall mean any ABR Term Loan, ABR Revolving Loan or Swingline 
Loan.

“ABR Revolving Facility Borrowing” shall mean a Borrowing comprised of ABR 
Revolving Loans.

“ABR Revolving Loan” shall mean any Revolving Facility Loan bearing 
interest at a rate determined by reference to the ABR in accordance with 
the provisions of Article II.

“ABR Term Loan” shall mean any Term Loan bearing interest at a rate 
determined by reference to the ABR in accordance with the provisions of 
Article II.

“Acceptable Discount” shall have the meaning assigned to such term in 
Section 2.11(g)(iii).

“Acceptance Date” shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 
2.11(g)(ii).

“Accepting Lender” shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 
2.11(e).

“Act of Terrorism” shall mean an act of any person directed towards the 
overthrowing or influencing of any government de jure or de facto, or the 
inducement of fear in or the disruption of the economic system of any 
society, by force or by violence, including (i) the hijacking or 
destruction of any conveyance (including an aircraft, vessel, or vehicle), 
transportation infrastructure or building, (ii) the seizing or detaining, 
and threatening to kill, injure, or continue to detain, or the 
assassination of, another individual, (iii) the use of any (a) biological 
agent, chemical agent, or nuclear weapon or device, or (b) explosive or 
firearm, with intent to endanger, directly or indirectly, the safety of one 
or more individuals or to cause substantial damage to property and (iv) a 
credible threat, attempt, or conspiracy to do any of the foregoing.

“Additional Mortgage” shall have the meaning assigned to such term in 
Section 5.10(c).

“Adjusted Eurocurrency Rate” shall mean, with respect to any Eurocurrency 
Borrowing for any Interest Period, an interest rate per annum equal to the 
greater of (x) (a) the Eurocurrency Rate in effect for such Interest Period 
divided by (b) one minus the Statutory Reserves applicable to such 
Eurocurrency Borrowing, if any, and (y) in the case of Eurocurrency 
Borrowings composed of Eurocurrency Term Loans, 1.00% and (z) in the case 
of Eurocurrency Borrowings composed of Eurocurrency Revolving Loans, 0.00%
.
 
2

------------------------------------------------------------------------
“Adjustment Date” shall have the meaning assigned to such term in the 
definition of “Pricing Grid.”

“Administrative Agent” means Citicorp North America, Inc. in its capacity 
as administrative agent under any of the Loan Documents, together with its 
successors and assigns.

“Administrative Agent Fees” shall have the meaning assigned to such term in 
Section 2.12(c).

“Administrative Agent’s Office” means, with respect to any currency, the 
Administrative Agent’s address and, as appropriate, account as set forth on 
Schedule 9.01 with respect to such currency, or such other address or 
account with respect to such currency as the Administrative Agent may from 
time to time notify to the Borrowers and the Lenders.

“Administrative Questionnaire” shall mean an Administrative Questionnaire 
in a form supplied by the Administrative Agent.

“Affiliate” shall mean, when used with respect to a specified person, 
another person that directly, or indirectly through one or more 
intermediaries, Controls or is Controlled by or is under common Control 
with the person specified.

“Affiliate Lender” shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 
9.23(a).

“Agent Parties” shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 
9.17.

“Agents” shall mean the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent, the 
Syndication Agents and the Documentation Agents.

“Agreement” shall have the meaning assigned to such term in the 
introductory paragraph of this Agreement.

“All-in Yield” shall mean, as to any Loans, the yield thereon payable to 
all Lenders providing such Loans or in the primary syndication thereof, as 
reasonably determined by the Administrative Agent, whether in the form of 
interest rate, margin, original issue discount, up-front fees, rate floors 
or otherwise; provided, that original issue discount and up-front fees 
shall be equated to interest rate assuming a 4-year life to maturity (or, 
if less, the life of such Loans); and provided, further, that “All-in 
Yield” shall not include arrangement, commitment, underwriting, structuring 
or similar fees and customary consent fees for an amendment paid generally 
to consenting lenders.

“Anti-Money Laundering Laws” shall mean any and all laws, judgments, 
orders, executive orders, decrees, ordinances, rules, regulations, 
statutes, case law or treaties applicable to a Loan Party, its Subsidiaries 
or Affiliates, related to terrorism financing or money laundering including 
any applicable provision of the USA PATRIOT Act and The Currency and 
Foreign Transactions Reporting Act (also known as the “Bank Secrecy Act,” 
31 U.S.C. §§ 5311-5330 and 12 U.S.C. §§ 1818(s), 1820(b) and 1951-1959), as 
amended from time to time and any successors thereto.
 
3

------------------------------------------------------------------------
“Apollo” shall mean, collectively, Apollo Management VI, L.P. and other 
affiliated co-investment partnerships.

“Applicable Commitment Fee” shall mean, for any day, (i) 0.50% per annum; 
provided, that on and after each Adjustment Date occurring after delivery 
of the financial statements and certificates required by Section 5.04 upon 
the completion of one full fiscal quarter of the Borrowers after the 
Closing Date, the “Applicable Commitment Fee” will be determined pursuant 
to the Pricing Grid or (ii) with respect to any Other Revolving Facility 
Commitments, the “Applicable Commitment Fee” set forth in the applicable 
Incremental Assumption Agreement.

“Applicable Date” shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 
9.08(f).

“Applicable Discount” shall have the meaning assigned to such term in 
Section 2.11(g)(iii).

“Applicable Margin” shall mean for any day (i) with respect to any Term B 
Loan, 6.003.50% per annum in the case of any Eurocurrency Loan and 5.00
2.50% per annum in the case of any ABR Loan and, (ii) with respect to any 
Initial Revolving Loan, 6.00% per annum in the case of any Eurocurrency 
Loan and 5.00% per annum in the case of any ABR Loan; provided, however, 
that on and after the first Adjustment Date occurring after delivery of the 
financial statements and certificates required by Section 5.04 upon the 
completion of one full fiscal quarter of the Borrowers after the Closing 
Date, the “Applicable Margin” with respect to anfor the Initial Revolving 
Loan will beLoans determined pursuant to the Pricing Grid, and (iii) with 
respect to any First Amendment Revolving Loan, the “Applicable Margin” for 
the First Amendment Revolving Loans determined pursuant to the Pricing Grid 
and (iv) with respect to any Other Term Loan or Other Revolving Loan, the 
“Applicable Margin” set forth in the Incremental Assumption Agreement 
relating thereto.

“Applicable Period” shall mean an Excess Cash Flow Period.

“Applicable Premium” shall mean the greater of (I) 1% of the principal 
amount of the Term B Loans being prepaid and (II) the excess of (A) the 
present value of all remaining required interest to the first anniversary 
of the Closing Date (using the Adjusted Eurocurrency Rate that is 
determined for a three-month Interest Period commencing on the date of such 
prepayment and assuming such Adjusted Eurocurrency Rate remains the same 
for the entire period from the date of such prepayment to the first 
anniversary of the Closing Date) and principal payments due on the 
principal amount of the Term B Loans being prepaid plus the prepayment 
premium provided in clause (ii)(2) of the proviso to Section 2.11(a) on 
such principal amount being prepaid, in each case assuming a prepayment 
date of the first anniversary of the Closing Date, computed using a 
discount rate equal to the Treasury Rate plus 50 basis points over (B) the 
principal amount of the Term B Loans being prepaid. For purposes of this 
definition, “Treasury Rate” means the rate per annum equal to the yield to 
maturity at the time of computation of the United States of America 
Treasury securities with a constant maturity most nearly equal to the 
period from such date of prepayment to the first anniversary of the Closing 
Date;
 
4

------------------------------------------------------------------------
provided, however, that if the period from such date of prepayment to the 
first anniversary of the Closing Date is not equal to the constant maturity 
of a United States of America Treasury security for which a weekly average 
yield is given, the Treasury Rate shall be obtained by linear interpolation 
(calculated to the nearest one-twelfth of a year) from the weekly average 
yields of United States of America Treasury securities for which such 
yields are given, except that if the period from such date of prepayment to 
the first anniversary of the Closing Date is less than one year, the weekly 
average yield on actually traded United States of America Treasury 
securities adjusted to a constant maturity of one year shall be used.

“Approved Fund” shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 
9.04(b).

“Asset Sale” shall mean any loss, damage, destruction or condemnation of, 
or any sale, transfer or other disposition (including any sale and 
leaseback of assets and any mortgage or lease of Real Property) to any 
person of any asset or assets of any Borrower or any Subsidiary.

“Assignee” shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.04(b).

“Assignment and Acceptance” shall mean an assignment and acceptance entered 
into by a Lender and an Assignee, and accepted by the Administrative Agent 
and the Company (if required by Section 9.04), in the form of Exhibit A or 
such other form as shall be approved by the Administrative Agent and 
reasonably satisfactory to the Company.

“Auto-Extension Letter of Credit” shall have the meaning assigned to such 
term in Section 2.05(b).

“Auto-Reinstatement Letter of Credit” shall have the meaning assigned to 
such term in Section 2.05(b).

“Availability Period” shall mean, with respect to any Class of Revolving 
Facility Commitments under any Revolving Facility, the period from and 
including the Closing Date (or, if later, the effective date for such Class 
of Revolving Facility Commitments) to but excluding the earlier of the 
Revolving Facility Maturity Date with respect to such Class and, in the 
case of each of the Revolving Facility Loans, Revolving Facility 
Borrowings, Swingline Loans, Swingline Borrowings and Letters of Credit 
under such Revolving Facility, the date of termination in full of the 
Revolving Facility Commitments of such Class.

“Available Unused Commitment” shall mean, with respect to a Revolving 
Facility Lender under any Revolving Facility at any time, an amount equal 
to the amount by which (a) the Revolving Facility Commitment under such 
Revolving Facility of such Revolving Facility Lender at such time exceeds 
(b) the Revolving Facility Credit Exposure under such Revolving Facility of 
such Revolving Facility Lender at such time.

“Bail-In Action” shall mean the exercise of any Write-Down and Conversion 
Powers by the applicable EEA Resolution Authority in respect of any 
liability of an EEA Financial Institution.
 
5

------------------------------------------------------------------------
“Bail-In Legislation” shall mean, with respect to any EEA Member Country 
implementing Article 55 of Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament 
and of the Council of the European Union, the implementing law for such EEA 
Member Country from time to time which is described in the EU Bail-In 
Legislation Schedule.

“Below Threshold Asset Sale Proceeds” shall have the meaning assigned to 
such term in the definition of the term “Cumulative Credit.”

“Board” shall mean the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System of 
the United States of America.

“Board of Directors” shall mean, as to any person, the board of directors 
or other governing body of such person, or if such person is owned or 
managed by a single entity, the board of directors or other governing body 
of such entity. With respect to the Borrowers, the Board of Directors of 
any Borrower may include the Board of Directors of any direct or indirect 
parent of such Borrower.

“Borrower” or “Borrowers” shall have the meaning assigned to such term in 
the introductory paragraph of this Agreement.

“Borrower Materials” shall have the meaning assigned to such term in 
Section 9.17.

“Borrowing” shall mean a group of Loans of a single Type in a single 
currency under a single Facility and made on a single date and, in the case 
of Eurocurrency Loans, as to which a single Interest Period is in effect.

“Borrowing Minimum” shall mean $5.0 million except, in the case of 
Swingline Loans, $500,000.

“Borrowing Multiple” shall mean $1.0 million except, in the case of 
Swingline Loans, $100,000.

“Borrowing Request” shall mean a request by a Borrower in accordance with 
the terms of Section 2.03 and substantially in the form of Exhibit B.

“Budget” shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 5.04(e).

“Business Day” shall mean any day other than a Saturday, Sunday or other 
day on which commercial banks in New York City are authorized or required 
by law to remain closed; provided, that when used in connection with a 
Eurocurrency Loan, the term “Business Day” shall also exclude any day on 
which banks are not open for dealings in deposits in Dollars in the London 
interbank market.

“Capital Expenditures” shall mean, for any person in respect of any period, 
(a) the aggregate of all expenditures (whether paid in cash or accrued as 
liabilities and including in all events amounts expended or capitalized 
under Capital Lease Obligations) incurred by such person during such period 
that, in accordance with GAAP, are or should be included in “additions to 
property, plant or equipment” or similar items reflected in the statement 
of cash flows of such person and (b) Capitalized Software Expenditures.
 
6

------------------------------------------------------------------------
“Capital Lease Obligations” of any person shall mean the obligations of 
such person to pay rent or other amounts under any lease of (or other 
similar arrangement conveying the right to use) real or personal property, 
or a combination thereof, which obligations are required to be classified 
and accounted for as capital leases on a balance sheet of such person under 
GAAP and, for purposes hereof, the amount of such obligations at any time 
shall be the capitalized amount thereof at such time determined in 
accordance with GAAP; provided that any obligations that would not be 
accounted for as Capital Lease Obligations under GAAP as of the Closing 
Date shall not be included in Capital Lease Obligations after the Closing 
Date due to any changes in GAAP or interpretations thereunder or otherwise.

“Capitalized Software Expenditures” shall mean, for any period, the 
aggregate of all expenditures (whether paid in cash or accrued as 
liabilities) by a person during such period in respect of licensed or 
purchased software or internally developed software and software 
enhancements that, in accordance with GAAP, are or are required to be 
reflected as capitalized costs on the combined or consolidated balance 
sheet of such person and its subsidiaries.

“Cash Collateralize” shall have the meaning assigned to such term in 
Section 2.05(g).

“Cash Interest Expense” shall mean, with respect to the Borrowers and the 
Subsidiaries on a combined or consolidated basis for any period, Interest 
Expense for such period, less the sum of, without duplication, (a) pay in 
kind Interest Expense or other non-cash Interest Expense (including as a 
result of the effects of purchase accounting), (b) to the extent included 
in Interest Expense, the amortization of any debt issuance costs, 
commissions, financing fees paid by, or on behalf of, any Borrower or any 
Subsidiary, including such fees paid in connection with the Transactions or 
upon entering into a Permitted Receivables Financing, and the expensing of 
any bridge, commitment or other financing fees, including those paid in 
connection with the Transactions or upon entering into a Permitted 
Receivables Financing or any amendment of this Agreement and (c) the 
amortization of debt discounts, if any, or fees in respect of Swap 
Agreements.

“Cash Management Agreement” shall mean any agreement to provide to any 
Borrower or any Subsidiary cash management services for collections, 
treasury management services (including controlled disbursement, overdraft, 
automated clearing house fund transfer services, return items and 
interstate depository network services), any demand deposit, payroll, trust 
or operating account relationships, commercial credit cards, merchant card, 
purchase or debit cards, non-card e-payables services, and other cash 
management services, including electronic funds transfer services, lockbox 
services, stop payment services and wire transfer services.

“Cash Management Bank” shall mean any person that, at the time it enters 
into a Cash Management Agreement (or on the Closing Date), is an Agent, a 
Co-Lead Arranger, a Lender or an Affiliate of any such person, in each 
case, in its capacity as a party to such Cash Management Agreement.
 
7

------------------------------------------------------------------------
“CEC” means Caesars Entertainment Corporation, a Delaware corporation, 
together with its successors and assigns.

“CEOC Emergence” shall mean the emergence of Caesars Entertainment 
Operating Company, Inc. (or its successor) and its debtor subsidiaries from 
the voluntary chapter 11 bankruptcy case under title 11 of the United 
States Code in the United States Bankruptcy Court for the Northern District 
of Illinois, Case No. 15-01145 (ABG).

“CERP Cash” shall mean all cash and cash equivalents of the Borrowers and 
their Subsidiaries received in respect of operations that has not been 
otherwise disbursed in a manner not prohibited by the terms of this 
Agreement.

“CERP Finance” shall have the meaning assigned to such term in the 
introductory paragraph of this Agreement, together with its successors and 
assigns.

“CERP LLC” shall have the meaning assigned to such term in the introductory 
paragraph of this Agreement, together with its successors and assigns.

“CFC” shall mean a “controlled foreign corporation” within the meaning of 
Section 957(a) of the Code.

A “Change in Control” shall be deemed to occur if:

(a)    at any time, a “change of control” (or similar event) shall occur 
under the First Priority Senior Secured Notes Indenture, the Second 
Priority Senior Secured Notes Indenture, or any Permitted Refinancing 
Indebtedness in respect thereof that constitutes Material Indebtedness; or

(b)    any combination of Permitted Holders in the aggregate shall fail to 
have the power, directly or indirectly, to vote or direct the voting of 
Equity Interests representing at least a majority of the ordinary voting 
power for the election of directors of CERP LLC; provided that the 
occurrence of the foregoing event shall not be deemed a Change of Control 
if,

(i)    at any time prior to a Qualified IPO, (A) any combination of 
Permitted Holders in the aggregate otherwise have the right, directly or 
indirectly, to designate a majority of the Board of Directors of CERP LLC 
at such time or (B) any combination of Permitted Holders in the aggregate 
own, directly or indirectly, a majority of the ordinary voting Equity 
Interests of CERP LLC at such time, or

(ii)    at any time upon or after a Qualified IPO, (A) no person or “group” 
(within the meaning of Section 13(d) or 14(d) of the Exchange Act, but 
excluding any employee benefit plan of such person or “group” and its 
subsidiaries and any person or entity acting its capacity as trustee, agent 
or other fiduciary or administrator of any such plan), other than any 
combination of the Permitted Holders, shall have acquired beneficial 
ownership (as defined in Rules 13d-3 and 13d-5 under the Exchange Act as in 
effect on the Closing Date) of more than the greater of (x) 35% on a fully 
diluted basis of the ordinary voting Equity Interests of CERP LLC and (y) 
the
 
8

------------------------------------------------------------------------
percentage of the ordinary voting Equity Interests of CERP LLC owned, 
directly or indirectly, in the aggregate by the Permitted Holders on a 
fully diluted basis and (B) during each period of twelve (12) consecutive 
months, a majority of the seats (other than vacant seats) on the Board of 
Directors of CERP LLC shall be occupied by persons who were either (1) 
nominated by the Board of Directors of CERP LLC or a Permitted Holder, (2) 
appointed by directors so nominated or (3) appointed by a Permitted Holder.

“Change in Law” shall mean (a) the adoption of any law, rule or regulation 
after the Closing Date, (b) any change in law, rule or regulation or in the 
interpretation or application thereof by any Governmental Authority after 
the Closing Date or (c) compliance by any Lender or L/C Issuer (or, for 
purposes of Section 2.15(b), by any lending office of such Lender or by 
such Lender’s or L/C Issuer’s holding company, if any) with any written 
request, guideline or directive (whether or not having the force of law) of 
any Governmental Authority made or issued after the Closing Date; provided
, however, that notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, (i) the 
Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and all requests, 
rules, guidelines, requirements and directives thereunder, issued in 
connection therewith or in implementation thereof and (ii) all requests, 
rules, guidelines, requirement and directives promulgated by the Bank of 
International Settlements, the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (or 
any successor or similar authority) or the United States of foreign 
regulatory authorities, in each case pursuant to Basel III, shall in each 
case be deemed to be a “Change in Law”, regardless of the date enacted, 
adopted, issued or implemented, but only to the extent a Lender is imposing 
applicable increased costs or costs in connection with capital adequacy 
requirements similar to those described in clauses (a) and (b) of Section 
2.15 generally on other similarly situated borrowers of loans under United 
States of America credit facilities.

“Charges” shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.09.

“Citibank” means Citicorp North America, Inc., in its individual capacity, 
and its successors.

“Class” shall mean, (a) when used in reference to any Loan or Borrowing, 
shall refer to whether such Loan, or the Loans comprising such Borrowing, 
are Term B Loans, Other Term Loans having the same terms, Initial 
Revolving Loans, First Amendment Revolving Loans or Other Revolving Loans 
having the same terms; and (b) when used in reference to any Commitment, 
refers to whether such Commitment is in respect of a commitment to make 
Term B Loans, Other Term Loans having the same terms, Initial Revolving 
Loans, First Amendment Revolving Loans or Other Revolving Loans having the 
same terms. Other Term Loans or Other Revolving Loans that have different 
terms and conditions (together with the Commitments in respect thereof) 
from the Term B Loans or, the Initial Revolving Loans or the First 
Amendment Revolving Loans, respectively, or from other Other Term Loans or 
other Other Revolving Loans, as applicable, shall be construed to be in 
separate and distinct Classes.

“Class Loans” shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 
9.08(f).

“Closing Date” shall mean October 11, 2013.
 
9

------------------------------------------------------------------------
“CMBS Borrower” or “CMBS Borrowers” shall have the meaning assigned to such 
term in the preamble hereof.

“Code” shall mean the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended.

“Co-Lead Arrangers” shall mean Citigroup Global Markets Inc., J.P. Morgan 
Securities LLC, Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated, Credit 
Suisse Securities (USA) LLC, Deutsche Bank Securities Inc., Goldman Sachs 
Bank USA, Morgan Stanley Senior Funding, Inc., Macquarie Capital (USA) Inc. 
and UBS Securities LLC, in their capacities as co-lead arrangers and 
bookrunners for this Agreement.

“Collateral” shall mean all the “Collateral” (or equivalent term) as 
defined in any Security Document and shall also include the Mortgaged 
Properties and all other property that is subject to any Lien in favor of 
the Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties pursuant to any 
Security Documents.

“Collateral Agent” shall mean the Administrative Agent acting as collateral 
agent for the Secured Parties.

“Collateral Agreement” shall mean the Collateral Agreement (First Lien) 
substantially in the form of Exhibit M, dated as of the Closing Date, among 
the Borrowers, each Subsidiary Loan Party and the Collateral Agent, as 
amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time.

“Collateral Requirement” shall mean the requirement that (in each case 
subject to Sections 5.10(d), (e) and (g) and Schedule 5.10):

(a)    on the Closing Date, the Collateral Agent shall have received (x) 
from each Borrower and each Subsidiary Loan Party, a counterpart of the 
Collateral Agreement and (y) from each Subsidiary Loan Party, a counterpart 
of the Subsidiary Guarantee Agreement, in each case duly executed and 
delivered on behalf of such person;

(b)    on the Closing Date, (i) the Collateral Agent shall have received 
(A) a pledge of all the issued and outstanding Equity Interests owned on 
the Closing Date directly by the Loan Parties, other than Excluded 
Securities and (ii) the Collateral Agent shall have received all 
certificates or other instruments (if any) representing such Equity 
Interests, together with stock powers or other instruments of transfer with 
respect thereto endorsed in blank;

(c)    (i) on the Closing Date and at all times thereafter, all 
Indebtedness of each Borrower and each Subsidiary having, in the case of 
each instance of Indebtedness, an aggregate principal amount in excess of 
$15.0 million (other than (A) intercompany current liabilities in 
connection with the cash management operations of the Borrowers and the 
Subsidiaries or (B) to the extent that a pledge of such promissory note or 
instrument would violate applicable law) that is owing to a Loan Party, 
other than Excluded Securities, shall be evidenced by a promissory note or 
an instrument and shall have been pledged pursuant to the Collateral 
Agreement (or other applicable Security Document as reasonably required by 
the Collateral Agent), and (ii) the Collateral Agent
 
10

------------------------------------------------------------------------
shall have received all such promissory notes or instruments required to be 
delivered pursuant to the applicable Security Documents, together with note 
powers or other instruments of transfer with respect thereto endorsed in 
blank;

(d)    in the case of any person that becomes a Subsidiary Loan Party after 
the Closing Date, subject to Section 5.10(g), the Collateral Agent shall 
have received (i) a supplement to the Collateral Agreement and the 
Subsidiary Guarantee Agreement and (ii) supplements to the other Security 
Documents, if applicable, in the form specified therein, duly executed and 
delivered on behalf of such Subsidiary Loan Party;

(e)    after the Closing Date, (i) all the outstanding Equity Interests of 
(A) any person that becomes a Subsidiary Loan Party after the Closing Date, 
(B) any Borrower that becomes a Subsidiary of another Borrower and (C) 
subject to Section 5.10(g), all the Equity Interests that are directly 
acquired by a Loan Party after the Closing Date (including, without 
limitation, the Equity Interests of any Special Purpose Receivables 
Subsidiary established after the Closing Date), other than Excluded 
Securities, shall have been pledged pursuant to the Collateral Agreement, 
and (ii) the Collateral Agent shall have received all certificates or other 
instruments (if any) representing such Equity Interests, together with 
stock powers or other instruments of transfer with respect thereto endorsed 
in blank;

(f)    on the Closing Date and at all times thereafter, except as otherwise 
contemplated by this Agreement or any Security Document, all documents and 
instruments, including Uniform Commercial Code financing statements, 
required by law or reasonably requested by the Collateral Agent to be 
filed, registered or recorded to create the Liens intended to be created by 
the Security Documents (in each case, including any supplements thereto) 
and perfect such Liens to the extent required by, and with the priority 
required by, the Security Documents, shall have been filed, registered or 
recorded or delivered to the Collateral Agent for filing, registration or 
the recording concurrently with, or promptly following, the execution and 
delivery of each such Security Document;

(g)    within (x) 120 days after the Closing Date (in the case of clause 
(ii)) and 30 days after the Closing Date (in the case of clause (i)) with 
respect to the Mortgaged Properties set forth on Schedule 1.01(A) (or such 
later date as the Collateral Agent may agree in its reasonable discretion) 
and (y) within the time periods set forth in, and solely to the extent 
required by, Section 5.10(c), 5.10(d), 5.10(h) or 5.11 with respect to the 
Mortgaged Properties encumbered pursuant to said Section 5.10(c), 5.10(d), 
5.10(h) or 5.11, the Collateral Agent shall have received (i) counterparts 
of each Mortgage to be entered into with respect to each such Mortgaged 
Property duly executed and delivered by the record owner of such Mortgaged 
Property and suitable for recording or filing and (ii) such other documents 
including, but not limited to, any consents, agreements and confirmations 
of third parties, as the Collateral Agent may reasonably request with 
respect to any such Mortgage or Mortgaged Property;

(h)    within (x) 120 days after the Closing Date (in the case of clauses 
(ii) through (vii)) and 30 days after the Closing Date (in the case of 
clause (i) and, solely with
 
11

------------------------------------------------------------------------
respect to flood insurance policies, clause (ii)) with respect to the 
Mortgaged Properties set forth on Schedule 1.01(A) (or such later date as 
the Collateral Agent may agree in its reasonable discretion) and (y) within 
the time periods set forth in, and solely to the extent required by, 
Section 5.10(c), 5.10(d), 5.10(h) or 5.11 with respect to Mortgaged 
Properties encumbered pursuant to said Section 5.10(c), 5.10(d), 5.10(h) or 
5.11, the Collateral Agent shall have received (i) a completed 
“Life-of-Loan” Federal Emergency Management Agency Standard Flood Hazard 
Determination with respect to each Mortgaged Property on which a “Building” 
(as defined in 12 CFR Chapter III, Section 339.2) is located (together with 
a notice about special flood hazard area status and flood disaster 
assistance duly executed by each Borrower and each Loan Party relating 
thereto), (ii) a copy of, or a certificate as to coverage under, and a 
declaration page relating to, the insurance policies required by Section 
5.02 (including, without limitation, flood insurance policies), each of 
which shall (A) be endorsed or otherwise amended to include a “standard” 
lender’s loss payable or mortgagee endorsement (as applicable), (B) name 
the Collateral Agent, on behalf of the Secured Parties, as additional 
insured, (C) in the case of flood insurance, (1) identify the addresses of 
each property located in a special flood hazard area, (2) indicate the 
applicable flood zone designation, the flood insurance coverage and the 
deductible relating thereto, (3) provide that the insurer will give the 
Collateral Agent forty-five (45) days’ written notice of cancellation (or 
such shorter period acceptable to the Administrative Agent) and (4) 
otherwise be in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the 
Administrative Agent, (iii) to the extent required to mortgage a leasehold 
interest in Real Property that must be mortgaged pursuant to the terms of 
this Agreement, estoppel and consent agreements executed by each of the 
lessors of such leased Real Property, along with (A) a memorandum of lease 
in recordable form with respect to such leasehold interest, executed and 
acknowledged by the owner of the affected real property, as lessor, or (B) 
evidence that the applicable lease with respect to such leasehold interest 
or a memorandum thereof has been recorded in all places necessary or 
desirable, in the Administrative Agent’s reasonable judgment, to give 
constructive notice to third-party purchasers of such leasehold interest, 
or (C) if such leasehold interest was acquired or subleased from the holder 
of a recorded leasehold interest, the applicable assignment or sublease 
document, executed and acknowledged by such holder, in each case in form 
sufficient to give such constructive notice upon recordation and otherwise 
in form satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, provided, that the 
Borrowers and the Subsidiaries shall be deemed to have complied with the 
immediately preceding requirements of this clause (iii) if the Borrowers 
and the Subsidiaries will have provided the Administrative Agent with an 
officer’s certificate confirming that the Borrowers and the Subsidiaries 
have made commercially reasonable efforts to fulfill the aforementioned 
requirements, (iv) opinions addressed to the Administrative Agent and the 
Collateral Agent for its benefit and for the benefit of the Secured Parties 
of (A) local counsel for the Borrowers in each jurisdiction where the 
Mortgaged Property is located with respect to the enforceability of the 
Mortgages and other matters customarily included in such opinions and (B) 
counsel for the Borrowers regarding due authorization, execution and 
delivery of the Mortgages, in each case, in form and substance reasonably 
satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, (v) a policy or policies or 
marked-up unconditional binder of title insurance, as applicable, paid for 
by the Borrowers or the Subsidiaries or a Parent Entity, issued by a 
nationally recognized
 
12

------------------------------------------------------------------------
title insurance company insuring the Lien of each Mortgage to be entered 
into on the Closing Date or thereafter in accordance with Sections 5.10(c), 
5.10(d), 5.10(h) and 5.11 as a valid Lien on the Mortgaged Property 
described therein, free of any other Liens except Permitted Liens, together 
with such customary endorsements (including zoning endorsements where 
reasonably appropriate and available or, in lieu of such zoning 
endorsements, where available at commercially reasonable rates in the 
jurisdiction where the applicable Mortgaged Property is located, a zoning 
report from a recognized vendor or a zoning compliance letter from the 
applicable municipality in a form reasonably acceptable to the Collateral 
Agent), coinsurance and reinsurance as the Collateral Agent may reasonably 
request and which are available at commercially reasonable rates in the 
jurisdiction where the applicable Mortgaged Property is located, (vi) if 
the finalization of the title insurance policies pursuant to clause (v) 
hereof and the Surveys (as hereinafter defined) pursuant to clause (vii) 
hereof occurs after delivery of any Mortgage pursuant to clause (g), then, 
to the extent required to correct and/or confirm the Mortgaged Property 
encumbered by such Mortgage is consistent with that so insured and surveyed 
and/or confirm the Collateral Agent’s mortgage lien on and security 
interests in such Mortgaged Property, (A) an amendment to any such 
applicable Mortgage (or to the extent required, a new Mortgage) duly 
authorized, executed and acknowledged, in recordable form and otherwise in 
form and substance reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent with 
respect to each such applicable Mortgaged Property and (B) such other 
documents, including, but not limited to, any supplemental consents, 
agreements and/or confirmations of third parties, and supplemental local 
counsel opinions, as Collateral Agent may reasonably request in order to 
effectuate the same, and (vii) a survey of each Mortgaged Property 
(including all improvements, easements and other customary matters thereon 
reasonably required by the Collateral Agent), as applicable, for which all 
necessary fees (where applicable) have been paid (such surveys, 
collectively, the “Surveys”). Such Surveys shall be certified to Borrowers, 
Collateral Agent and the title insurance company, and shall meet minimum 
standard detail requirements for ALTA/ACSM Land Title Surveys in all 
material respects and shall be sufficient and satisfactory to the title 
insurance company so as to enable the title insurance company to issue 
coverage over all general survey exceptions and to issue all endorsements 
reasonably requested by Collateral Agent. All such Surveys shall be dated 
(or redated) not earlier than six months prior to the date of delivery 
thereof (unless otherwise acceptable to the title insurance company issuing 
the title insurance);

(i)    on the Closing Date, the Collateral Agent shall have received 
evidence of the insurance required by the terms of this Agreement; and

(j)    after the Closing Date, the Collateral Agent shall have received (i) 
such other Security Documents as may be required to be delivered pursuant 
to Sections 5.10 and 5.11, and (ii) upon reasonable request by the 
Collateral Agent, evidence of compliance with any other requirements of 
Sections 5.10 and 5.11.

“Commitment Fee” shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 
2.12(a).
 
13

------------------------------------------------------------------------
“Commitments” shall mean (a) with respect to any Lender, such Lender’s 
Revolving Facility Commitment and Term Facility Commitment and (b) with 
respect to any Swingline Lender, its Swingline Commitment.

“Commodity Exchange Act” means the Commodity Exchange Act (7 U.S.C. § 1 et 
seq.), as amended from time to time, and any successor statute.

“Company” shall mean, (i) prior to the Post-Closing Restructuring 
Transaction, each of the Borrowers and (ii) on and after the consummation 
of the Post-Closing Restructuring Transaction, CERP LLC.

“Conduit Lender” shall mean any special purpose corporation organized and 
administered by any Lender for the purpose of making Loans otherwise 
required to be made by such Lender and designated by such Lender in a 
written instrument; provided, that the designation by any Lender of a 
Conduit Lender shall not relieve the designating Lender of any of its 
obligations to fund a Loan under this Agreement if, for any reason, its 
Conduit Lender fails to fund any such Loan, and the designating Lender (and 
not the Conduit Lender) shall have the sole right and responsibility to 
deliver all consents and waivers required or requested under this Agreement 
with respect to its Conduit Lender; provided, further, that no Conduit 
Lender shall (a) be entitled to receive any greater amount pursuant to 
Section 2.15, 2.16, 2.17 or 9.05 than the designating Lender would have 
been entitled to receive in respect of the extensions of credit made by 
such Conduit Lender, unless the designation of such Conduit Lender is made 
with the Borrowers’ prior written consent (not to be unreasonably withheld 
or delayed), which consent shall specify that it is being made pursuant to 
the proviso in the definition of Conduit Lender and provided that that 
designating Lender provides such information as the Borrowers reasonably 
request in order for the Borrowers to determine whether to provide their 
consent or (b) be deemed to have any Commitment.

“Consolidated Debt” at any date shall mean the sum of (without duplication) 
all Indebtedness (other than letters of credit or bank guarantees, to the 
extent undrawn) consisting of Capital Lease Obligations, Indebtedness for 
borrowed money and Disqualified Stock of the Borrowers and the Subsidiaries 
determined on a combined or consolidated basis on such date in accordance 
with GAAP.

“Consolidated Net Income” shall mean, with respect to the Borrowers and 
their Subsidiaries for any period, the aggregate of the Net Income of the 
Borrowers and their subsidiaries for such period, on a combined or 
consolidated basis; provided, however, that, without duplication,

(i)    any net after tax extraordinary, nonrecurring or unusual gains or 
losses or income or expense or charge (less all fees and expenses relating 
thereto) including, without limitation, any severance, relocation or other 
restructuring expenses, any expenses related to any reconstruction, 
decommissioning, recommissioning or reconfiguration of fixed assets for 
alternative uses, fees, expenses or charges relating to facilities closing 
costs, curtailments or modifications to pension and post-retirement 
employee benefit plans, excess pension charges, acquisition integration 
costs, facilities opening costs, project start-up costs, business 
optimization costs, signing, retention or
 
14

------------------------------------------------------------------------
completion bonuses, and expenses or charges related to any offering of 
Equity Interests or debt securities of the Company or any Parent Entity, 
any Investment, acquisition, disposition, recapitalization or issuance, 
repayment, refinancing, amendment or modification of Indebtedness (in each 
case, whether or not successful), and any fees, expenses, charges or change 
in control payments related to the Transactions and the Post-Closing 
Restructuring Transaction (including any costs relating to auditing prior 
periods, transition-related expenses, and Transaction Expenses incurred 
before, on or after the Closing Date), in each case, shall be excluded,

(ii)    any net after-tax income or loss from disposed, abandoned, 
transferred, closed or discontinued operations and any net after-tax gain 
or loss on disposal of disposed, abandoned, transferred, closed or 
discontinued operations shall be excluded,

(iii)    any net after-tax gain or loss (less all fees and expenses or 
charges relating thereto) attributable to business dispositions or asset 
dispositions other than in the ordinary course of business (as determined 
in good faith by the management of the Borrowers) shall be excluded,

(iv)    any net after-tax income or loss (less all fees and expenses or 
charges relating thereto) attributable to the early extinguishment of 
indebtedness, Swap Agreements or other derivative instruments shall be 
excluded,

(v)    (A) the Net Income for such period of any person that is not a 
subsidiary of such person, or is an Unrestricted Subsidiary or a Qualified 
Non-Recourse Subsidiary or that is accounted for by the equity method of 
accounting, shall be included only to the extent of the amount of dividends 
or distributions or other payments paid in cash (or to the extent converted 
into cash) to the referent person or a subsidiary thereof (other than an 
Unrestricted Subsidiary or a Qualified Non-Recourse Subsidiary of such 
referent person) in respect of such period and (B) the Net Income for such 
period shall include any ordinary course dividend, distribution or other 
payment in cash received from any person in excess of the amounts included 
in clause (A),

(vi)    Consolidated Net Income for such period shall not include the 
cumulative effect of a change in accounting principles during such period,

(vii)    effects of purchase accounting adjustments (including the effects 
of such adjustments pushed down to such person and its Subsidiaries) in 
component amounts required or permitted by GAAP, resulting from the 
application of purchase accounting in relation to the Transactions or the 
Post-Closing Restructuring Transactions or any consummated acquisition, or 
the amortization or write-off of any amounts thereof, net of taxes, shall 
be excluded,

(viii)    any impairment charges or asset write-offs, in each case pursuant 
to GAAP, and the amortization of intangibles adjustments arising pursuant 
to GAAP, shall be excluded,

(ix)    any non-cash compensation charge or expenses realized or resulting 
from stock option plans, employee benefit plans or post-employment benefit 
plans, or grants or sales of stock, stock appreciation or similar rights, 
stock options, restricted stock, preferred stock or other rights shall be 
excluded,
 
15

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(x)    accruals and reserves that are established or adjusted within twelve 
months after the Closing Date and that are so required to be established or 
adjusted in accordance with GAAP or as a result of adoption or modification 
of accounting policies shall be excluded,

(xi)    non-cash gains, losses, income and expenses resulting from fair 
value accounting required by the applicable standard under GAAP and related 
interpretations shall be excluded,

(xii)    any currency translation gains and losses related to currency 
remeasurements of Indebtedness, and any net loss or gain resulting from 
Swap Agreements for currency exchange risk, shall be excluded,

(xiii)    (i) the non-cash portion of “straight-line” rent expense shall be 
excluded and (ii) the cash portion of “straight-line” rent expense which 
exceeds the amount expensed in respect of such rent expense shall be 
included,

(xiv)    (1) to the extent covered by insurance and actually reimbursed, 
or, so long as such person has made a determination that there exists 
reasonable evidence that such amount will in fact be reimbursed by the 
insurer and only to the extent that such amount is (i) not denied by the 
applicable carrier in writing within 180 days and (ii) in fact reimbursed 
within 365 days of the date of such evidence (with a deduction for any 
amount so added back to the extent not so reimbursed within 365 days), 
expenses with respect to liability or casualty events or business 
interruption shall be excluded, and (2) amounts estimated in good faith to 
be received from insurance in respect of lost revenues or earnings in 
respect of liability or casualty events or business interruption shall be 
included (with a deduction for amounts actually received up to such 
estimated amount to the extent included in Net Income in a future period),

(xv)    without duplication, an amount equal to the amount of distributions 
actually made to any parent or equity holder of such person in respect of 
such period in accordance with Section 6.06(b)(y) shall be included as 
though such amounts had been paid as income taxes directly by such person 
for such period, and

(xvi)    non-cash charges for deferred tax asset valuation allowances shall 
be excluded.

“Consolidated Total Assets” shall mean, as of any date of determination, 
the total assets of the Borrowers and the consolidated Subsidiaries without 
giving effect to any amortization of the amount of intangible assets since 
June 30, 2013, determined in accordance with GAAP, as set forth on the 
combined or consolidated balance sheet of the Borrowers as of the last day 
of the fiscal quarter most recently ended for which financial statements 
have been (or were required to be) delivered pursuant to Section 5.04(a) or 
5.04(b), as applicable, calculated on a Pro Forma Basis after giving effect 
to any acquisition or disposition of a person or assets that have occurred 
on or after the last day of such fiscal quarter.
 
16

------------------------------------------------------------------------
“Control” shall mean the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power 
to direct or cause the direction of the management or policies of a person, 
whether through the ownership of voting securities, by contract or 
otherwise, and “Controlling” and “Controlled” shall have meanings 
correlative thereto.

“Covenant Resumption Date” shall have the meaning assigned to such term in 
the definition of “Covenant Suspension Period.”

“Covenant Suspension Period” shall mean the period commencing on the date 
of any Qualifying Act of Terrorism and continuing until (and including) the 
last day of the second full fiscal quarter following the fiscal quarter in 
which the Qualifying Act of Terrorism occurs; provided, however, that if a 
separate and distinct Qualifying Act of Terrorism occurs during any 
Covenant Suspension Period, such Covenant Suspension Period shall continue 
until (and including) the last day of the second full fiscal quarter 
following the fiscal quarter in which such subsequent Qualifying Act of 
Terrorism shall occur. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company may, in 
its sole discretion, elect that any Covenant Suspension Period end on any 
date prior to the date that such Covenant Suspension Period would otherwise 
end absent such election. The first day following the end of the Covenant 
Suspension Period is the “Covenant Resumption Date.”

“Credit Event” shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Article IV.

“Cumulative Credit” shall mean, at any date, an amount, not less than zero 
in the aggregate, determined on a cumulative basis equal to, without 
duplication (and without duplication of amounts that otherwise increased 
the amount available for Investments pursuant to Section 6.04):

(a)    $50.0 million, plus:

(b)    an amount (which amount shall not be less than zero) equal to the 
Cumulative Retained Excess Cash Flow Amount at such time, plus

(c)    the aggregate amount of proceeds received after the Closing Date and 
prior to such time that would have constituted Net Proceeds pursuant to 
clause (a) of the definition thereof except for the operation of clause (x) 
or (y) of the second proviso thereof (the “Below Threshold Asset Sale 
Proceeds”), plus

(d)    the cumulative amount of proceeds (including cash and the fair 
market value (as determined in good faith by the Company) of property other 
than cash) from the sale of Equity Interests of the Company or any Parent 
Entity after the Closing Date and on or prior to such time (including upon 
exercise of warrants or options) which proceeds have been contributed as 
common equity to the capital of the Company and common Equity Interests of 
the Company issued upon conversion of Indebtedness of any Borrower or any 
Subsidiary owed to a person other than any Borrower or a Subsidiary not 
previously applied for a purpose other than use in the Cumulative Credit; 
provided, that this clause (d) shall exclude Permitted Cure Securities and 
the proceeds thereof, sales of Equity Interests financed as contemplated by 
Section 6.04(e) or used as described in clause (ix) of the definition of 
EBITDA and any amounts used to finance the payments or distributions in 
respect of any Junior Financing pursuant to Section 6.09(b)(i)(C), plus
 
17

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(e)    100% of the aggregate amount of contributions to the common capital 
of the Company received in cash (and the fair market value (as determined 
in good faith by the Company) of property other than cash) after the 
Closing Date (subject to the same exclusions as are applicable to clause 
(d) above), plus

(f)    100% of the aggregate principal amount of any Indebtedness 
(including the liquidation preference or maximum fixed repurchase price, as 
the case may be, of any Disqualified Stock) of any Borrower or any 
Subsidiary thereof issued after the Closing Date (other than Indebtedness 
issued to a Subsidiary), which has been converted into or exchanged for 
Equity Interests (other than Disqualified Stock) in the Company or any 
Parent Entity, plus

(g)    100% of the aggregate amount received by any Borrower or any 
Subsidiary in cash (and the fair market value (as determined in good faith 
by the applicable Borrower) of property other than cash received by such 
Borrower or any Subsidiary) after the Closing Date from:

(A)    the sale (other than to a Borrower or any Subsidiary) of the Equity 
Interests of an Unrestricted Subsidiary, or

(B)    any dividend or other distribution by an Unrestricted Subsidiary, 
plus

(h)    in the event any Unrestricted Subsidiary has been redesignated as a 
Subsidiary or has been merged, consolidated or amalgamated with or into, or 
transfers or conveys its assets to, or is liquidated into, any Borrower or 
any Subsidiary, the fair market value (as determined in good faith by the 
applicable Borrower) of the Investments of a Borrower or any Subsidiary in 
such Unrestricted Subsidiary at the time of such redesignation, combination 
or transfer (or of the assets transferred or conveyed, as applicable), 
plus

(i)    an amount equal to any returns (including dividends, interest, 
distributions, returns of principal, profits on sale, repayments, income 
and similar amounts) actually received by any Borrower or any Subsidiary in 
respect of any Investments made pursuant to Section 6.04(j) after the 
Closing Date prior to such time, minus

(j)    any amounts thereof used to make Investments pursuant to Section 
6.04(j)(ii) after the Closing Date prior to such time, minus

(k)    any amounts thereof used to make Restricted Payments pursuant to 
Section 6.06(e) after the Closing Date prior to such time, minus

(l)    any amounts thereof used to make payments or distributions in 
respect of Junior Financings pursuant to Section 6.09(b)(i)(E) after the 
Closing Date prior to such
 
18

------------------------------------------------------------------------
time (other than payments made with proceeds from the issuance of Equity 
Interests that were excluded from the calculation of the Cumulative Credit 
pursuant to clause (c) above);

provided, however, for purposes of Section 6.06(e), the calculation of the 
Cumulative Credit shall not include any Below Threshold Asset Sale Proceeds 
except to the extent they are used as contemplated in clause (j) above.

“Cumulative Retained Excess Cash Flow Amount” shall mean, at any date, an 
amount (which shall not be less than zero in the aggregate) determined on a 
cumulative basis equal to the aggregate cumulative sum of the Retained 
Percentage of Excess Cash Flow for all Excess Cash Flow Periods ending 
after the Closing Date and prior to such date.

“Cure Amount” shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 7.02.

“Cure Right” shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 7.02.

“Current Assets” shall mean, with respect to the Borrowers and the 
Subsidiaries on a combined or consolidated basis at any date of 
determination, the sum of (a) all assets (other than cash and Permitted 
Investments or other cash equivalents) that would, in accordance with GAAP, 
be classified on a combined or consolidated balance sheet of the Borrowers 
and the Subsidiaries as current assets at such date of determination, other 
than amounts related to current or deferred Taxes based on income or 
profits, and (b) in the event that a Permitted Receivables Financing is 
accounted for off balance sheet, (x) gross accounts receivable comprising 
part of the Receivables Assets subject to such Permitted Receivables 
Financing less (y) collections against the amounts sold pursuant to clause 
(x).

“Current Liabilities” shall mean, with respect to the Borrowers and the 
Subsidiaries on a combined or consolidated basis at any date of 
determination, all liabilities that would, in accordance with GAAP, be 
classified on a combined or consolidated balance sheet of the Borrowers and 
the Subsidiaries as current liabilities at such date of determination, 
other than (a) the current portion of any Indebtedness, (b) accruals of 
Interest Expense (excluding Interest Expense that is due and unpaid), (c) 
accruals for current or deferred Taxes based on income or profits, (d) 
accruals, if any, of transaction costs resulting from the Transactions, (e) 
accruals of any costs or expenses related to (i) severance or termination 
of employees prior to the Closing Date or (ii) bonuses, pension and other 
post-retirement benefit obligations, and (f) accruals for add-backs to 
EBITDA included in clauses (a)(iv) through (a)(vi) of the definition of 
such term.

“Debt Service” shall mean, with respect to the Borrowers and the 
Subsidiaries on a combined or consolidated basis for any period, Cash 
Interest Expense of the Borrowers and the Subsidiaries for such period plus 
scheduled principal amortization of Consolidated Debt of the Borrowers and 
the Subsidiaries for such period.

“Debtor Relief Laws” means the Bankruptcy Code of the United States, and 
all other liquidation, conservatorship, bankruptcy, assignment for the 
benefit of creditors, moratorium, rearrangement, receivership, insolvency, 
reorganization, or similar debtor relief laws of the United States or other 
applicable jurisdictions from time to time in effect and affecting the 
rights of creditors generally.
 
19

------------------------------------------------------------------------
“Declined Proceeds” shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 
2.11(e).

“Default” shall mean any event or condition which, but for the giving of 
notice, lapse of time or both would constitute an Event of Default.

“Defaulting Lender” shall mean, subject to Section 2.22, any Lender that 
(a) has failed to (i) fund all or any portion of its Loans within two 
Business Days of the date such Loans were required to be funded hereunder 
or (ii) pay to the Administrative Agent, any L/C Issuer, the Swingline 
Lender or any other Lender any other amount required to be paid by it 
hereunder (including in respect of its participation in Letters of Credit 
or Swingline Loans) within two Business Days of the date when due, (b) has 
notified the Borrower, the Swingline Lender, Administrative Agent or any 
L/C Issuer in writing that it does not intend to comply with its funding 
obligations, or has made a public statement to that effect with respect to 
its funding obligations hereunder, (c) has failed, within three Business 
Days after written request by the Administrative Agent or the Borrowers, to 
confirm in writing to the Administrative Agent and the Borrowers that it 
will comply with its prospective funding obligations hereunder (provided 
that such Lender shall cease to be a Defaulting Lender pursuant to this 
clause (c) upon receipt of such written confirmation by the Administrative 
Agent and the Borrower) or (d) has, or has a direct or indirect parent 
company that has, (i) become the subject of a proceeding under any Debtor 
Relief Law or, (ii) had appointed for it a receiver, custodian, 
conservator, trustee, administrator, assignee for the benefit of creditors 
or similar person charged with reorganization or liquidation of its 
business or assets, including the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or 
any other state or federal regulatory authority acting in such a capacity 
or (iii) become the subject of a Bail-In Action; provided, that a Lender 
shall not be a Defaulting Lender solely by virtue of the ownership or 
acquisition of any equity interest in that Lender or any direct or indirect 
parent company thereof by a Governmental Authority so long as such 
ownership interest does not result in or provide such Lender with immunity 
from the jurisdiction of courts within the United States of America or from 
the enforcement of judgments or writs of attachment on its assets or permit 
such Lender (or such Governmental Authority) to reject, repudiate, disavow 
or disaffirm any contracts or agreements made with such Lender. Any 
determination by the Administrative Agent that a Lender is a Defaulting 
Lender under any one or more of clauses (a) through (d) above shall be 
conclusive and binding absent manifest error, and such Lender shall be 
deemed to be a Defaulting Lender (subject to Section 2.22) upon delivery of 
written notice of such determination to the Borrower, each L/C Issuer, the 
Swingline Lender and each Lender.

“Designated Non-Cash Consideration” shall mean the fair market value (as 
determined in good faith by the applicable Borrower) of non-cash 
consideration received by any Borrower or any Subsidiary in connection with 
an Asset Sale that is so designated as Designated Non-Cash Consideration 
pursuant to a certificate of a Responsible Officer of such Borrower, 
setting forth the basis of such valuation, less the amount of cash or cash 
equivalents received in connection with a subsequent sale of such 
Designated Non-Cash Consideration.

“Discount Range” shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 
2.11(g)(ii).
 
20

------------------------------------------------------------------------
“Discounted Prepayment Option Notice” shall have the meaning assigned to 
such term in Section 2.11(g)(ii).

“Discounted Voluntary Prepayment” shall have the meaning assigned to such 
term in Section 2.11(g)(i).

“Discounted Voluntary Prepayment Notice” shall have the meaning assigned to 
such term in Section 2.11(g)(v).

“Disinterested Director” shall mean, with respect to any person and 
transaction, a member of the Board of Directors of such person who does not 
have any material direct or indirect financial interest in or with respect 
to such transaction.

“Disqualification” means, with respect to any Lender:

(a)    the failure of that person timely to file pursuant to applicable 
Gaming Laws:

(i)    any application requested of that person by any Gaming Authority in 
connection with any licensing required of that person as a lender to any 
Borrower; or

(ii)    any required application or other papers in connection with 
determination of the suitability of that person as a lender to any 
Borrower;

(b)    the withdrawal by that person (except where requested or permitted 
by the Gaming Authority) of any such application or other required papers;

(c)    any finding by a Gaming Authority that there is reasonable cause to 
believe that such person may be found unqualified or unsuitable; or

(d)    any final determination by a Gaming Authority pursuant to applicable 
Gaming Laws:

(i)    that such person is “unsuitable” as a lender to any Borrower;

(ii)    that such person shall be “disqualified” as a lender to any 
Borrower; or

(iii)    denying the issuance to that person of any license or other 
approval required under applicable Gaming Laws to be held by all lenders to 
any Borrower.

“Disqualified Stock” shall mean, with respect to any person, any Equity 
Interests of such person that, by its terms (or by the terms of any 
security or other Equity Interests into which it is convertible or for 
which it is redeemable or exchangeable), or upon the happening of any event 
or condition (a) matures or is mandatorily redeemable (other than solely 
for Qualified Equity Interests), pursuant to a sinking fund obligation or 
otherwise (except as a result of a change of control or asset sale so long 
as any rights of the holders thereof upon the occurrence of
 
21

------------------------------------------------------------------------
a change of control or asset sale event shall be subject to the prior 
repayment in full of the Loans and all other Loan Obligations that are 
accrued and payable and the termination of the Commitments), (b) is 
redeemable at the option of the holder thereof (other than solely for 
Qualified Equity Interests), in whole or in part, (c) provides for the 
scheduled payments of dividends in cash or (d) at the option of the holders 
thereof, is or becomes convertible into or exchangeable for Indebtedness or 
any other Equity Interests that would constitute Disqualified Stock, in 
each case, prior to the date that is ninety-one (91) days after the earlier 
of (x) the latest Term Facility Maturity Date in effect on the date of 
issuance and (y) the date on which the Loans and all other Loan Obligations 
that are accrued and payable are repaid in full and the Commitments are 
terminated; provided, however, that only the portion of the Equity 
Interests that so mature or are mandatorily redeemable, are so convertible 
or exchangeable or are so redeemable at the option of the holder thereof 
prior to such date shall be deemed to be Disqualified Stock; provided 
further, however, that if such Equity Interests are issued to any employee 
or to any plan for the benefit of employees of the Borrowers or the 
Subsidiaries or by any such plan to such employees, such Equity Interests 
shall not constitute Disqualified Stock solely because they may be required 
to be repurchased by a Borrower in order to satisfy applicable statutory or 
regulatory obligations or as a result of such employee’s termination, death 
or disability; provided further, however, that any class of Equity 
Interests of such person that by its terms authorizes such person to 
satisfy its obligations thereunder by delivery of Equity Interests that are 
not Disqualified Stock shall not be deemed to be Disqualified Stock.

“Documentation Agents” shall mean Citicorp North America, Inc., J.P. Morgan 
Securities LLC, Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated, Credit 
Suisse AG, Deutsche Bank Securities Inc., Goldman Sachs Bank USA, Morgan 
Stanley Senior Funding, Inc., MIHI LLC and UBS Securities LLC, in their 
capacities as co-documentation agents for this Agreement.

“Dollar Equivalent” means, at any time, (a) with respect to any amount 
denominated in Dollars, such amount, and (b) with respect to any amount 
denominated in any currency other than Dollars, the equivalent amount 
thereof in Dollars as determined by the Administrative Agent or the L/C 
Issuer, as applicable, at such time on the basis of the Spot Rate 
(determined in respect of the applicable date of determination) for the 
purchase of Dollars with such currency.

“Dollars” or “$” shall mean lawful money of the United States of America.

“Domestic Subsidiary” shall mean any Subsidiary that is not a Foreign 
Subsidiary.

“EBITDA” shall mean, with respect to the Borrowers and the Subsidiaries on 
a combined or consolidated basis for any period, the Consolidated Net 
Income of the Borrowers and the Subsidiaries for such period plus (a) the 
sum of (in each case without duplication and to the extent the respective 
amounts described in subclauses (i) through (xi) of this clause (a) 
otherwise reduced such Consolidated Net Income for the respective period 
for which EBITDA is being determined):
 
22

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(i)    provision for Taxes based on income, profits or capital of the 
Borrowers and the Subsidiaries for such period, including, without 
limitation, state, franchise and similar taxes and foreign withholding 
taxes (including penalties and interest related to taxes or arising from 
tax examinations),

(ii)    Interest Expense (and to the extent not included in Interest 
Expense, (x) all cash dividend payments (excluding items eliminated in 
consolidation) on any series of preferred stock or Disqualified Stock and 
(y) costs of surety bonds in connection with financing activities) of the 
Borrowers and the Subsidiaries for such period (net of interest income of 
the Borrowers and the Subsidiaries for such period),

(iii)    depreciation and amortization expenses of the Borrowers and the 
Subsidiaries for such period including, without limitation, the 
amortization of intangible assets, deferred financing fees and Capitalized 
Software Expenditures and amortization of unrecognized prior service costs 
and actuarial gains and losses related to pensions and other 
post-employment benefits,

(iv)    any expenses or charges (other than depreciation or amortization 
expense as described in the preceding clause (iii)) related to any issuance 
of Equity Interests, Investment, acquisition, New Project, disposition, 
recapitalization or the incurrence, modification or repayment of 
Indebtedness permitted to be incurred by this Agreement (including a 
refinancing thereof) (whether or not successful), including (w) such fees, 
expenses or charges related to the offering of the First Priority Senior 
Secured Notes, the Second Priority Senior Secured Notes and this Agreement, 
(x) any amendment or other modification of the Obligations or other 
Indebtedness, (y) any “additional interest” with respect to the First 
Priority Senior Secured Notes, the Second Priority Senior Secured Notes and 
(z) commissions, discounts, yield and other fees and charges (including any 
interest expense) related to any Permitted Receivables Financing,

(v)    business optimization expenses and other restructuring charges or 
reserves (which, for the avoidance of doubt, shall include, without 
limitation, the effect of inventory optimization programs, facility 
closure, facility consolidations, retention, severance, systems 
establishment costs, contract termination costs, future lease commitments 
and excess pension charges) and, in each case, expected to be achieved, 
completed or realized within 24 months, in the good faith determination of 
the Company,

(vi)    any other non-cash charges; provided, that, for purposes of this 
subclause (vi) of this clause (a), any non-cash charges or losses shall be 
treated as cash charges or losses in any subsequent period during which 
cash disbursements attributable thereto are made (but excluding, for the 
avoidance of doubt, amortization of a prepaid cash item that was paid in a 
prior period),

(vii)    the amount of management, consulting, monitoring, transaction and 
advisory fees and related expenses paid in accordance with Section 6.07 (or 
any accruals related to such fees and related expenses) during such period,
 
23

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(viii)    the amount of loss on sale of receivables and related assets to a 
Special Purpose Receivables Subsidiary in connection with a Permitted 
Receivables Financing,

(ix)    any costs or expense incurred pursuant to any management equity 
plan or stock option plan or any other management or employee benefit plan 
or agreement or any stock subscription or shareholder agreement, to the 
extent that such cost or expenses are funded with cash proceeds contributed 
to the capital of any Loan Party solely to the extent that such net cash 
proceeds are excluded from the calculation of the Cumulative Credit,

(x)    any deductions (less any additions) attributable to minority 
interests except, in each case, to the extent of cash paid or received, and

(xi)    Pre-Opening Expenses,

minus (b) the sum of (without duplication and to the extent the amounts 
described in this clause (b) increased such Consolidated Net Income for the 
respective period for which EBITDA is being determined) non-cash items 
increasing Consolidated Net Income of the Borrowers and the Subsidiaries 
for such period (but excluding any such items (A) in respect of which cash 
was received in a prior period or will be received in a future period or 
(B) which represent the reversal of any accrual of, or cash reserve for, 
anticipated cash charges that reduced EBITDA in any prior period).

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein and subject to 
adjustments permitted hereunder with respect to acquisitions, dispositions 
and other transactions occurring following the Closing Date and/or pursuant 
to the definition of “Pro Forma Basis,” for purposes of determining EBITDA 
under this Agreement, EBITDA of Caesars Linq, LLC in respect of each fiscal 
quarter will be deemed to be equal to the greater of (i) $24.75 million and 
(ii) actual EBITDA of Caesars Linq, LLC for such fiscal quarter until (but 
not including) the fourth fiscal quarter of 2014.

“Economic Sanctions Laws” means (i) the Trading with the Enemy Act (50 
U.S.C. App. §§ 5(b) and 16, as amended), the International Emergency 
Economic Powers Act, (50 U.S.C. §§ 1701-1706, as amended), Executive Order 
13224 (effective September 24, 2001), as amended from time to time and any 
successor thereto, and the regulations administered and enforced by OFAC 
and (ii) any and all other laws, judgments, orders, executive orders, 
decrees, ordinances, rules, regulations, statutes, case law or treaties 
applicable to a Loan Party, its Subsidiaries or Affiliates relating to 
economic sanctions and terrorism financing.

“EEA Financial Institution” shall mean (a) any credit institution or 
investment firm established in any EEA Member Country which is subject to 
the supervision of an EEA Resolution Authority, (b) any entity established 
in an EEA Member Country which is a parent of an institution described in 
clause (a) of this definition, or (c) any financial institution established 
in an EEA Member Country which is a subsidiary of an institution described 
in clauses (a) or (b) of this definition and is subject to consolidated 
supervision with its parent.
 
24

------------------------------------------------------------------------
“EEA Member Country” shall mean any of the member states of the European 
Union, Iceland, Liechtenstein, and Norway.

“EEA Resolution Authority” shall mean any public administrative authority 
or any person entrusted with public administrative authority of any EEA 
Member Country (including any delegee) having responsibility for the 
resolution of any EEA Financial Institution.

“Embargoed Person” shall mean (i) any country or territory that is the 
subject of a comprehensive sanctions program administered by OFAC, Syria, 
and North Korea or (ii) any Person that (x) is publicly identified on the 
most current list of “Specially Designated Nationals and Blocked Persons” 
published by the U.S. Treasury Department’s Office of Foreign Assets 
Control (“OFAC”) or (y) resides, is organized or chartered, or has a place 
of business in a country or territory that is the subject of a 
comprehensive sanctions program administered by OFAC. As of the Closing 
Date, comprehensive sanctions programs administered by OFAC are the Iran, 
Sudan, and Cuba sanctions programs.

“environment” shall mean ambient and indoor air, surface water and 
groundwater (including potable water, navigable water and wetlands), the 
land surface or subsurface strata, natural resources such as flora and 
fauna, the workplace or as otherwise defined in any Environmental Law.

“Environmental Laws” shall mean all applicable laws (including common law), 
rules, regulations, codes, ordinances, orders, decrees or judgments, 
promulgated or entered into by any Governmental Authority, relating in any 
way to the environment, preservation or reclamation of natural resources, 
the generation, management, Release or threatened Release of, or exposure 
to, any Hazardous Material or to human health and safety matters (to the 
extent relating to the environment or Hazardous Materials).

“Equity Interests” of any person shall mean any and all shares, interests, 
rights to purchase or otherwise acquire, warrants, options, participations 
or other equivalents of or interests in (however designated) equity or 
ownership of such person, including any preferred stock, any limited or 
general partnership interest and any limited liability company membership 
interest, and any securities or other rights or interests convertible into 
or exchangeable for any of the foregoing.

“ERISA” shall mean the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as 
the same may be amended from time to time and any final regulations 
promulgated and the rulings issued thereunder.

“ERISA Affiliate” shall mean any trade or business (whether or not 
incorporated) that, together with any Borrower or any Subsidiary, is 
treated as a single employer under Section 414(b) or (c) of the Code, or, 
solely for purposes of Section 302 of ERISA and Section 412 of the Code, is 
treated as a single employer under Section 414 of the Code.

“ERISA Event” shall mean (a) any Reportable Event or the requirements of 
Section 4043(b) of ERISA apply with respect to a Plan; (b) with respect to 
any Plan, the failure to satisfy the minimum funding standard under Section 
412 of the Code or Section 302 of
 
25

------------------------------------------------------------------------
ERISA, whether or not waived; (c) the filing pursuant to Section 412(c) of 
the Code or Section 302(c) of ERISA of an application for a waiver of the 
minimum funding standard with respect to any Plan, the failure to make by 
its due date a required installment under Section 430(j) of the Code with 
respect to any Plan or the failure to make any required contribution to a 
Multiemployer Plan; (d) the incurrence by any Borrower, any Subsidiary or 
any ERISA Affiliate of any liability under Title IV of ERISA with respect 
to the termination of any Plan or Multiemployer Plan; (e) the receipt by 
any Borrower, any Subsidiary or any ERISA Affiliate from the PBGC or a plan 
administrator of any notice relating to an intention to terminate any Plan 
or to appoint a trustee to administer any Plan under Section 4042 of ERISA; 
(f) the incurrence by any Borrower, any Subsidiary or any ERISA Affiliate 
of any liability with respect to the withdrawal or partial withdrawal from 
any Plan or Multiemployer Plan; (g) the receipt by any Borrower, any 
Subsidiary or any ERISA Affiliate of any notice, or the receipt by any 
Multiemployer Plan from any Borrower, any Subsidiary or any ERISA Affiliate 
of any notice, concerning the impending imposition of Withdrawal Liability 
or a determination that a Multiemployer Plan is, or is expected to be, 
insolvent or in reorganization, within the meaning of Title IV of ERISA, or 
in “endangered” or “critical” status, within the meaning of Section 432 of 
the Code or Section 305 of ERISA; (h) the conditions for imposition of a 
lien under Section 303(k) of ERISA shall have been met with respect to any 
Plan; (i) with respect to a Plan, the provision of security pursuant to 
Section 206(g) of ERISA; or (j) the withdrawal of any Borrower, any 
Subsidiary or any ERISA Affiliate from a Plan subject to Section 4063 of 
ERISA during a plan year in which such entity was a “substantial employer” 
as defined in Section 4001(a)(2) of ERISA or a cessation of operations that 
is treated as such a withdrawal under Section 4062(e) of ERISA.

“EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule” shall mean the EU Bail-In Legislation 
Schedule published by the Loan Market Association (or any successor 
person), as in effect from time to time.

“Eurocurrency Borrowing” shall mean a Borrowing comprised of Eurocurrency 
Loans.

“Eurocurrency Loan” shall mean any Eurocurrency Term Loan or Eurocurrency 
Revolving Loan.

“Eurocurrency Rate” means, for any Interest Period with respect to a 
Eurocurrency Loan, the rate per annum equal to the British Bankers 
Association LIBOR Rate (“BBA LIBOR”), as published by Reuters (or other 
commercially available source providing quotations of BBA LIBOR as 
designated by the Administrative Agent from time to time) at approximately 
11:00 a.m., London time, two Business Days prior to the commencement of 
such Interest Period, for deposits in the relevant currency (for delivery 
on the first day of such Interest Period) with a term equivalent to such 
Interest Period. If such rate is not available at such time for any reason, 
then the “Eurocurrency Rate” for such Interest Period shall be the rate per 
annum determined by the Administrative Agent to be the rate at which 
deposits in the relevant currency for delivery on the first day of such 
Interest Period in Same Day Funds in the approximate amount of the 
Eurocurrency Loan being made, continued or converted by Citibank and with a 
term equivalent to such Interest Period would be offered by Citibank’s 
London Branch (or other Citibank branch or Affiliate) to major banks in the 
London or other offshore interbank market for such currency at their 
request at approximately 11:00 a.m. (London time) two Business Days prior 
to the commencement of such Interest Period.
 
26

------------------------------------------------------------------------
“Eurocurrency Revolving Facility Borrowing” shall mean a Borrowing 
comprised of Eurocurrency Revolving Loans.

“Eurocurrency Revolving Loan” shall mean any Revolving Facility Loan 
bearing interest at a rate determined by reference to the Adjusted 
Eurocurrency Rate in accordance with the provisions of Article II.

“Eurocurrency Term Loan” shall mean any Term Loan bearing interest at a 
rate determined by reference to the Adjusted Eurocurrency Rate in 
accordance with the provisions of Article II.

“Event of Default” shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 
7.01.

“Excess Cash Flow” shall mean, with respect to the Borrowers and the 
Subsidiaries on a combined or consolidated basis for any Applicable Period, 
EBITDA of the Borrowers and the Subsidiaries on a combined or consolidated 
basis for such Applicable Period, minus, without duplication, (A):

(a)    Debt Service for such Applicable Period,

(b)    the amount of any voluntary prepayment permitted hereunder of term 
Indebtedness during such Applicable Period (other than any voluntary 
prepayment of the Loans, which shall be the subject of Section 2.11(c)) and 
the amount of any voluntary prepayments of revolving Indebtedness to the 
extent accompanied by permanent reductions of any revolving facility 
commitments during such Applicable Period, so long as the amount of such 
prepayment is not already reflected in Debt Service,

(c)    (i) Capital Expenditures by the Borrowers and the Subsidiaries on a 
combined or consolidated basis during such Applicable Period that are paid 
in cash and (ii) the aggregate consideration paid in cash during the 
Applicable Period in respect of Permitted Business Acquisitions and other 
Investments permitted hereunder less any amounts received in respect 
thereof as a return of capital,

(d)    Capital Expenditures, Permitted Business Acquisitions, New Project 
expenditures or other permitted Investments that any Borrower or any 
Subsidiary shall, during such Applicable Period, become obligated to make 
or otherwise anticipated to make payments with respect thereto but that are 
not made during such Applicable Period; provided, that (i) the Borrowers 
shall deliver a certificate to the Administrative Agent not later than 90 
days after the end of such Applicable Period, signed by a Responsible 
Officer of the Company and certifying that payments in respect of such 
Capital Expenditures and the delivery of the related equipment or Permitted 
Business Acquisitions, New Project expenditures or other permitted 
Investments are expected to be made in the following Applicable Period, and 
(ii) any amount so deducted shall not be deducted again in a subsequent 
Applicable Period,
 
27

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(e)    Taxes paid in cash by the Borrowers and the Subsidiaries on a 
combined or consolidated basis during such Applicable Period or that will 
be paid within six months after the close of such Applicable Period; 
provided, that with respect to any such amounts to be paid after the close 
of such Applicable Period, (i) any amount so deducted shall not be deducted 
again in a subsequent Applicable Period, and (ii) appropriate reserves 
shall have been established in accordance with GAAP,

(f)    an amount equal to any increase in Working Capital of the Borrowers 
and the Subsidiaries for such Applicable Period,

(g)    cash expenditures made in respect of Swap Agreements during such 
Applicable Period, to the extent not reflected in the computation of EBITDA 
or Interest Expense,

(h)    permitted Restricted Payments made in cash by the Company during 
such Applicable Period and permitted Restricted Payments made by any 
Subsidiary to any person other than a Borrower or any of the Subsidiaries 
during such Applicable Period, in each case in accordance with Section 6.06 
(other than Section 6.06(e), except to the extent such Restricted Payments 
were financed with internally generated cash flow of any Borrower or any 
Subsidiary),

(i)    amounts paid in cash during such Applicable Period on account of (A) 
items that were accounted for as non-cash reductions of Net Income in 
determining Consolidated Net Income or as non-cash reductions of 
Consolidated Net Income in determining EBITDA of the Borrowers and the 
Subsidiaries in a prior Applicable Period and (B) reserves or accruals 
established in purchase accounting,

(j)    to the extent not deducted in the computation of Net Proceeds in 
respect of any asset disposition or condemnation giving rise thereto, the 
amount of any mandatory prepayment of Indebtedness (other than Indebtedness 
created hereunder or under any other Loan Document), together with any 
interest, premium or penalties required to be paid (and actually paid) in 
connection therewith, and

(k)    the amount related to items that were added to or not deducted from 
Net Income in calculating Consolidated Net Income or were added to or not 
deducted from Consolidated Net Income in calculating EBITDA to the extent 
such items represented a cash payment (which had not reduced Excess Cash 
Flow upon the accrual thereof in a prior Applicable Period), or an accrual 
for a cash payment, by the Borrowers and the Subsidiaries or did not 
represent cash received by the Borrowers and the Subsidiaries, in each case 
on a combined or consolidated basis during such Applicable Period,

plus, without duplication, (B):

(l)    an amount equal to any decrease in Working Capital for such 
Applicable Period,

(m)    all amounts referred to in clauses (A)(b), (A)(c) and (A)(d) above 
to the extent funded with the proceeds of the issuance or the incurrence of 
Indebtedness
 
28

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(including Capital Lease Obligations and purchase money Indebtedness, but 
excluding proceeds of extensions of credit under any revolving credit 
facility), the sale or issuance of any Equity Interests (including any 
capital contributions) and any loss, damage, destruction or condemnation 
of, or any sale, transfer or other disposition (including any sale and 
leaseback of assets and any mortgage or lease of Real Property) to any 
person of any asset or assets, in each case to the extent there is a 
corresponding deduction from Excess Cash Flow above,

(n)    to the extent any permitted Capital Expenditures referred to in 
clause (A)(d) above and the delivery of the related equipment do not occur 
in the following Applicable Period of the Borrowers specified in the 
certificate of the Company provided pursuant to clause (A)(d) above, the 
amount of such Capital Expenditures that were not so made in such following 
Applicable Period,

(o)    cash payments received in respect of Swap Agreements during such 
Applicable Period to the extent (i) not included in the computation of 
EBITDA or (ii) such payments do not reduce Cash Interest Expense,

(p)    any extraordinary or nonrecurring gain realized in cash during such 
Applicable Period (except to the extent such gain consists of Net Proceeds 
subject to Section 2.11(b)),

(q)    to the extent deducted in the computation of EBITDA, cash interest 
income, and

(r)    the amount related to items that were deducted from or not added to 
Net Income in connection with calculating Consolidated Net Income or were 
deducted from or not added to Consolidated Net Income in calculating EBITDA 
to the extent either (i) such items represented cash received by any 
Borrower or any Subsidiary or (ii) such items do not represent cash paid by 
any Borrower or any Subsidiary, in each case on a combined or consolidated 
basis during such Applicable Period.

“Excess Cash Flow Period” shall mean each fiscal year of the Company, 
commencing with the fiscal year of the Company ending on December 31, 2014.

“Exchange Act” means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

“Excluded Indebtedness” shall mean all Indebtedness not incurred in 
violation of Section 6.01.

“Excluded Property” shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 
5.10(g).

“Excluded Securities” shall mean any of the following:

(a)    any Equity Interests or Indebtedness with respect to which the 
Collateral Agent and the Borrowers reasonably agree that the cost or other 
consequences of pledging such Equity Interests or Indebtedness in favor of 
the Secured Parties under the Security Documents are likely to be excessive 
in relation to the value to be afforded thereby;
 
29

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(b)    in the case of any pledge of voting Equity Interests of any Foreign 
Subsidiary or FSHCO (in each case, that is owned directly by a Loan Party) 
to secure the Obligations, any voting Equity Interest of such Foreign 
Subsidiary or FSHCO in excess of 65% of the outstanding Equity Interests of 
such class;

(c)    any Equity Interests or Indebtedness to the extent and for so long 
as the pledge thereof would be prohibited by any Requirement of Law 
(including any Gaming Laws);

(d)    any Equity Interests of any person that is not a Wholly-Owned 
Subsidiary to the extent (A) that a pledge thereof to secure the 
Obligations is prohibited by (i) any applicable organizational documents, 
joint venture agreement or shareholder agreement or (ii) any other 
contractual obligation with an unaffiliated third party not in violation of 
Section 6.09(c) (other than, in this subclause (A)(ii), non-assignment 
provisions which are ineffective under Article 9 of the Uniform Commercial 
Code or other applicable Requirements of Law), (B) any organizational 
documents, joint venture agreement or shareholder agreement (or other 
contractual obligation referred to in subclause (A)(ii) above) prohibits 
such a pledge without the consent of any other party; provided, that this 
clause (B) shall not apply if (1) such other party is a Loan Party or a 
Wholly-Owned Subsidiary or (2) consent has been obtained to consummate such 
pledge (it being understood that the foregoing shall not be deemed to 
obligate any Borrower or any Subsidiary to obtain any such consent) and for 
so long as such organizational documents, joint venture agreement or 
shareholder agreement or replacement or renewal thereof is in effect, or 
(C) a pledge thereof to secure the Obligations would give any other party 
(other than a Loan Party or a Wholly-Owned Subsidiary) to any 
organizational documents, joint venture agreement or shareholder agreement 
governing such Equity Interests (or other contractual obligation referred 
to in subclause (A)(ii) above) the right to terminate its obligations 
thereunder (other than, in the case of other contractual obligations 
referred to in subclause (A)(ii), non-assignment provisions which are 
ineffective under Article 9 of the Uniform Commercial Code or other 
applicable Requirement of Law);

(e)    any Equity Interests of any Immaterial Subsidiary, any Unrestricted 
Subsidiary and any Qualified Non-Recourse Subsidiary;

(f)    any Equity Interests of any Subsidiary of, or other Equity Interests 
owned by, a Foreign Subsidiary;

(g)    any Equity Interests of any Subsidiary to the extent that the pledge 
of such Equity Interests could reasonably be expected to result in material 
adverse tax consequences to any Borrower or any Subsidiary as reasonably 
determined in good faith by the Borrowers;

(h)    any Margin Stock.
 
30

------------------------------------------------------------------------
“Excluded Subsidiary” shall mean any of the following (except as otherwise 
provided in clause (b) of the definition of Subsidiary Loan Party):

(a)    each Immaterial Subsidiary,

(b)    each Domestic Subsidiary that is not a Wholly-Owned Subsidiary (for 
so long as such Subsidiary remains a non-Wholly-Owned Subsidiary),

(c)    each Domestic Subsidiary that is prohibited from guaranteeing or 
granting Liens to secure the Obligations by any Requirement of Law 
(including Gaming Law) or that would require consent, approval, license or 
authorization of a Governmental Authority to guarantee or grant Liens to 
secure the Obligations (unless such consent, approval, license or 
authorization has been received),

(d)    each Domestic Subsidiary that is prohibited by any applicable 
contractual requirement from guaranteeing or granting Liens to secure the 
Obligations on the Closing Date or at the time such Subsidiary becomes a 
Subsidiary not in violation of Section 6.09(c) (and for so long as such 
restriction or any replacement or renewal thereof is in effect),

(e)    any Special Purpose Receivables Subsidiary and any Qualified 
Non-Recourse Subsidiary,

(f)    any Foreign Subsidiary,

(g)    any Domestic Subsidiary (i) that is an FSHCO or (ii) that is a 
Subsidiary of a Foreign Subsidiary,

(h)    any other Domestic Subsidiary with respect to which, (x) the 
Administrative Agent and the Borrowers reasonably agree that the cost or 
other consequences of providing a Guarantee of or granting Liens to secure 
the Obligations are likely to be excessive in relation to the value to be 
afforded thereby or (y) providing such a Guarantee or granting such Liens 
could reasonably be expected to result in material adverse tax consequences 
as determined in good faith by the Borrower, and

(i)    each Unrestricted Subsidiary.

“Excluded Swap Obligation” shall mean, with respect to any Guarantor, any 
Swap Obligation if, and to the extent that, all or a portion of the 
Guarantee of such Guarantor of, or the grant by such Guarantor of a 
security interest to secure, such Swap Obligation (or any Guarantee 
thereof) is or becomes illegal under the Commodity Exchange Act or any 
rule, regulation or order of the Commodity Futures Trading Commission (or 
the application or official interpretation of any thereof) by virtue of 
such Guarantor’s failure for any reason to constitute an “eligible contract 
participant” as defined in the Commodity Exchange Act and the regulations 
thereunder at the time the Guarantee of such Guarantor or the grant of such 
security interest becomes effective with respect to such Swap Obligation, 
unless otherwise agreed between the Administrative Agent and the Borrower. 
If a Swap Obligation arises under a master agreement governing more than 
one swap, such exclusion shall apply only to the portion of such Swap 
Obligation that is attributable to swaps for which such Guarantee or 
security interest is or becomes illegal.
 
31

------------------------------------------------------------------------
“Excluded Taxes” shall mean, with respect to the Administrative Agent, any 
Lender, any L/C Issuer or any other recipient of any payment to be made by 
or on account of any Loan Party under any Loan Document, (a) income or 
franchise Taxes imposed on (or measured by) such recipient’s net income by 
a jurisdiction as a result of such recipient being organized in, having its 
principal office in or, in the case of any Lender, having its applicable 
lending office in, such jurisdiction or as a result of any other present or 
former connection with such jurisdiction (other than any connection arising 
solely from such recipient having executed, delivered, enforced, become a 
party to, performed its obligations under, received payments under, 
received or perfected a security interest under, engaged in any other 
transaction pursuant to, and/or enforced, any Loan Documents) and, for the 
avoidance of doubt, including any backup withholding in respect of such a 
tax under Section 3466 of the Code (or any similar provision of state, 
local or foreign law), (b) any branch profits Tax under Section 884(a) of 
the Code, or any similar Tax, that is imposed by any jurisdiction described 
in clause (a) above, (c) in the case of a Lender (other than an assignee 
selected by any Borrower pursuant to a request by any Borrowers under 
Section 2.19(b)), any withholding tax imposed by the United States federal 
government that is imposed on amounts payable to such Lender pursuant to 
laws in effect at the time such Lender becomes a party to this Agreement 
(or designates a new lending office), except to the extent that such Lender 
(or its assignor, if any) was entitled, immediately prior to designation of 
a new lending office (or assignment), to receive additional amounts from a 
Loan Party with respect to such withholding tax pursuant to Section 2.17, 
(d) any withholding tax attributable to a Lender’s failure to comply with 
Section 2.17(e), (f), (g), or (i) or the Administrative Agent’s failure to 
comply with Section 2.17(l), and (e) any Taxes imposed pursuant to FATCA.

“Existing Class Loans” shall have the meaning assigned to such term in 
Section 9.08(f).

“Existing Facilities” shall mean (i) the CMBS mortgage and mezzanine loan 
debt facilities of the CMBS Borrowers and (ii) the loan facility of Caesars 
Linq, LLC and Caesars Octavius, LLC, in each case outstanding immediately 
prior to the consummation of the Transactions on the Closing Date.

“Existing Letters of Credit” shall mean those letters of credit issued and 
outstanding as of the date hereof and set forth on Schedule 1.01(B).

“Extended Revolving Facility Commitment” shall have the meaning assigned to 
such term in Section 2.21(e).

“Extended Term Loan” shall have the meaning assigned to such term in 
Section 2.21(e).

“Extending Lender” shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 
2.21(e).

“Extension” shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 
2.21(e).
 
32

------------------------------------------------------------------------
“Facility” shall mean the respective facility and commitments utilized in 
making Loans and credit extensions hereunder, it being understood that as 
of the ClosingFirst Amendment Effective Date there are twothree 
Facilities, i.e., the Term B Facility, the Revolving Facility consisting of 
the Initial Revolving Facility Commitments and the extensions of credit 
thereunder, and the Revolving Facility consisting of the First Amendment 
Revolving Facility Commitments established on the Closing Date and the 
extensions of credit thereunder, and thereafter, the term “Facility” may 
include any Incremental Term Facility and any Revolving Facility consisting 
of Incremental Revolving Facility Commitments.

“FATCA” shall mean Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, as of the date 
of this Agreement (and any amended or successor version that is 
substantively comparable and not materially more onerous to comply with), 
any current or future Treasury regulations promulgated thereunder, or other 
official governmental interpretations thereof, any agreements entered into 
or applicable pursuant to current Section 1471(b)(1) of the Code (or any 
amended or successor version described above) or any intergovernmental 
agreement (or related law or official administrative guidance) implementing 
the foregoing.

“Federal Funds Rate” shall mean, for any day, the rate per annum equal to 
the weighted average of the rates on overnight Federal funds transactions 
with members of the Federal Reserve System arranged by Federal funds 
brokers on such day, as published by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York 
on the Business Day next succeeding such day; provided, that (a) if such 
day is not a Business Day, the Federal Funds Rate for such day shall be 
such rate on such transactions on the next preceding Business Day as so 
published on the next succeeding Business Day, and (b) if no such rate is 
so published on such next succeeding Business Day, the Federal Funds Rate 
for such day shall be the average rate (rounded upward, if necessary, to a 
whole multiple of 1/100 of 1%) of quotations for such day for such 
transactions received by the Administrative Agent from three Federal funds 
brokers of recognized standing selected by it.

“Fee Letter” shall mean that certain Fee Letter, dated as of October 11, 
2013, as amended, by and among Caesars Entertainment Resort Properties, LLC 
and Citicorp North America, Inc.

“Fees” shall mean the Commitment Fees, the L/C Participation Fees, the L/C 
Issuer Fees, the Administrative Agent Fees and the Term Closing Fee.

“Financial Officer” of any person shall mean the Chief Financial Officer, 
principal accounting officer, Treasurer, Assistant Treasurer or Controller 
of such person.

“Financial Performance Covenant” shall mean the covenant of the Borrowers 
set forth in Section 6.10.

“First Amendment” shall mean that certain Amendment No. 1, dated as of May 
12, 2017, among the Borrowers, the other Loan Parties party thereto, and 
the Administrative Agent, for itself and on behalf of the Lenders 
consenting thereto.

“First Amendment Effective Date” shall mean the first date when each of the 
conditions under Section 4 of the First Amendment have been met.
 
33

------------------------------------------------------------------------
“First Amendment Revolving Facility Commitment” shall mean, (i) a Revolving 
Facility Commitment held on the First Amendment Effective Date by a 
Revolving Facility Lender that consented to the First Amendment and (ii) an 
Initial Revolving Facility Commitment converted to a First Amendment 
Revolving Facility Commitment under Section 2.04.

“First Amendment Revolving Loan” shall mean a Revolving Facility Loan made 
(i) pursuant to the First Amendment Revolving Facility Commitments or (ii) 
pursuant to any Incremental Revolving Facility Commitment on the same terms 
as the Revolving Facility Loans referred to in clause (i) of this 
definition.

“First Lien Intercreditor Agreement” shall mean the First Lien 
Intercreditor Agreement substantially in the form of Exhibit O, dated as of 
the Closing Date, by and among Citicorp North America, Inc., as Collateral 
Agent and Administrative Agent (each as defined therein) and U.S. Bank 
National Association, as Initial Other Authorized Representative (as 
defined therein) and each representative of any Other First Lien 
Obligations, as such document may be amended, restated, supplemented or 
otherwise modified from time to time.

“First Lien Notes” shall mean (i) the First Priority Senior Secured Notes, 
(ii) any Future First Lien Notes and (iii) any Permitted Refinancing 
Indebtedness incurred in respect thereof.

“First Lien Obligations” shall mean the Obligations and the Other First 
Lien Obligations.

“First Lien Secured Parties” shall mean the Secured Parties and the Other 
First Lien Secured Parties.

“First Priority Senior Secured Notes” shall mean the $1,000.0 million in 
aggregate principal amount of the 8% First Priority Senior Secured Notes 
due 2020 issued pursuant to the First Priority Senior Secured Notes 
Indenture and any notes issued by the Borrowers in exchange for, and as 
contemplated by, the First Priority Senior Secured Notes and the related 
registration rights agreement with substantially identical terms as the 
First Priority Senior Secured Notes.

“First Priority Senior Secured Notes Documents” shall mean the First 
Priority Senior Secured Notes and the First Priority Senior Secured Notes 
Indenture.

“First Priority Senior Secured Notes Indenture” shall mean the Indenture, 
dated as of October 11, 2013, among the Borrowers, as issuers, the 
subsidiary guarantors party thereto from time to time and U.S. Bank 
National Association, as trustee, as amended, restated, supplemented or 
otherwise modified from time to time.

“Foreign Lender” shall mean any Lender (a) that is not disregarded as 
separate from its owner for “U.S. federal income tax purposes and that is 
not a “United States Person” as defined by Section 7701(a)(30) of the Code 
or (b) that is disregarded as separate from its owner for U.S. federal 
income tax purposes and whose regarded owner is not a “United States 
Person” as defined in Section 7701(a)(30) of the Code.
 
34

------------------------------------------------------------------------
“Foreign Subsidiary” shall mean any Subsidiary that is incorporated or 
organized under the laws of any jurisdiction other than the United States 
of America, any State thereof or the District of Columbia.

“Fronting Exposure” means, at any time there is a Defaulting Lender under 
any Revolving Facility, (a) with respect to the L/C Issuer, such Defaulting 
Lender’s Revolving Facility Percentage of the outstanding L/C Obligations 
under such Revolving Facility other than L/C Obligations as to which such 
Defaulting Lender’s participation obligation has been reallocated to other 
Lenders or Cash Collateralized in accordance with the terms hereof, and (b) 
with respect to the Swingline Lender, such Defaulting Lender’s Revolving 
Facility Percentage of Swingline Loans under such Revolving Facility other 
than Swingline Loans as to which such Defaulting Lender’s participation 
obligation has been reallocated to other Lenders or Cash Collateralized in 
accordance with the terms hereof.

“FSHCO” shall mean any Subsidiary that owns no material assets other than 
the Equity Interests of one or more Foreign Subsidiaries that are CFCs 
and/or of one or more FSHCOs.

“Future First Lien Notes” shall mean senior secured loans or notes of any 
Borrower (which notes or loans may either be secured by a first priority 
Lien on the Collateral that is pari passu with the Lien securing the 
Obligations or may be secured by a Lien ranking junior to the Lien on the 
Collateral securing the Obligations) incurred after the Closing Date (a) 
the terms of which do not provide for any scheduled repayment, mandatory 
redemption or sinking fund obligations prior to the latest Term B Facility 
Maturity Date in effect on the date of incurrence (other than customary 
offers to repurchase upon a change of control, asset sale or event of loss 
and customary acceleration rights after an event of default), (b) the 
covenants, events of default, guarantees, collateral and other terms of 
which (other than interest rates, fees, floors, funding discounts and 
redemption or prepayment premiums), taken as a whole, are not more 
restrictive to the Borrowers and the Subsidiaries than those set forth in 
this Agreement; provided that (i) a certificate of the Chief Financial 
Officer of the Company delivered to the Administrative Agent in good faith 
at least three Business Days (or such shorter period as the Administrative 
Agent may reasonably agree) prior to the incurrence of such Indebtedness, 
together with a reasonably detailed description of the material terms and 
conditions of such Indebtedness or drafts of the documentation relating 
thereto, stating that the Company has determined in good faith that such 
terms and conditions satisfy the foregoing requirement shall be conclusive 
evidence that such terms and conditions satisfy the foregoing requirement 
and (ii) any Future First Lien Notes that are secured by a Lien on the 
Collateral that is pari passu with the Loan Obligations in the form of term 
loans (other than term loans subject to “high yield” style covenants) shall 
be subject to the requirements of Section 2.21(b)(viii) and (c) of which no 
Subsidiary of any Borrower is a borrower or guarantor other than any 
Subsidiary Loan Party. Notes issued by any Borrower in exchange for any 
Future First Lien Notes in accordance with the terms of a registration 
rights agreement entered into in connection with the issuance of such 
Future First Lien Notes shall also be considered Future First Lien Notes.

“GAAP” shall mean generally accepted accounting principles in effect from 
time to time in the United States, applied on a consistent basis, subject 
to the provisions of Section 1.02; provided that any reference to the 
application of GAAP in Sections 3.13(b), 3.20,
 
35

------------------------------------------------------------------------
5.03, 5.07 and 6.02(e) to a Foreign Subsidiary (and not as a consolidated 
Subsidiary of any Borrower) shall mean generally accepted accounting 
principles in effect from time to time in the jurisdiction of organization 
of such Foreign Subsidiary.

“Gaming Authority” means, in any jurisdiction in which any Borrower or any 
of its subsidiaries manages or conducts any casino, gaming business or 
activities, the applicable gaming board, commission, or other governmental 
gaming regulatory body or agency which (a) has, or may at any time after 
the Closing Date have, jurisdiction over the gaming activities at the 
Property or any successor to such authority or (b) is, or may at any time 
after the Closing Date be, responsible for interpreting, administering and 
enforcing the Gaming Laws.

“Gaming Laws” means all applicable constitutions, treaties, laws, rates, 
regulations and orders and statutes pursuant to which any Gaming Authority 
possesses regulatory, licensing or permit authority over gaming, gambling 
or casino activities and all rules, rulings, orders, ordinances, 
regulations of any Gaming Authority applicable to the gambling, casino, 
gaming businesses or activities of any Borrower or any of its subsidiaries 
in any jurisdiction, as in effect from time to time, including the 
policies, interpretations and administration thereof by the Gaming 
Authorities.

“Global Intercompany Note” means a promissory note substantially in the 
form of Exhibit K, evidencing Indebtedness owed among Loan Parties and 
their Subsidiaries.

“Governmental Authority” shall mean any federal, state, local or foreign 
court or governmental agency, authority, instrumentality or regulatory or 
legislative body.

“Guarantee” of or by any person (the “guarantor”) shall mean (a) any 
obligation, contingent or otherwise, of the guarantor guaranteeing or 
having the economic effect of guaranteeing any Indebtedness or other 
monetary obligation payable or performable by another person (the “primary 
obligor”) in any manner, whether directly or indirectly, and including any 
obligation of the guarantor, direct or indirect, (i) to purchase or pay (or 
advance or supply funds for the purchase or payment of) such Indebtedness 
or other obligation, (ii) to purchase or lease property, securities or 
services for the purpose of assuring the owner of such Indebtedness or 
other obligation of the payment thereof, (iii) to maintain working capital, 
equity capital or any other financial statement condition or liquidity of 
the primary obligor so as to enable the primary obligor to pay such 
Indebtedness or other obligation or (iv) entered into for the purpose of 
assuring in any other manner the holders of such Indebtedness or other 
obligation of the payment thereof or to protect such holders against loss 
in respect thereof (in whole or in part), or (b) any Lien on any assets of 
the guarantor securing any Indebtedness (or any existing right, contingent 
or otherwise, of the holder of Indebtedness to be secured by such a Lien) 
of any other person, whether or not such Indebtedness or other obligation 
is assumed by the guarantor; provided, however, the term “Guarantee” shall 
not include endorsements for deposit or collection in the ordinary course 
of business or customary and reasonable indemnity obligations in effect on 
the Closing Date or entered into in connection with any acquisition or 
disposition of assets permitted by this Agreement (other than such 
obligations with respect to Indebtedness). The amount of any Guarantee 
shall be deemed to be an amount equal to the stated or determinable amount 
of the Indebtedness in respect of which such Guarantee is made or, if not 
stated or determinable, the maximum reasonably anticipated liability in 
respect thereof as determined by such person in good faith.
 
36

------------------------------------------------------------------------
“guarantor” shall have the meaning assigned to such term in the definition 
of the term “Guarantee.”

“Hazardous Materials” shall mean all pollutants, contaminants, wastes, 
chemicals, materials, substances and constituents, including, without 
limitation, explosive or radioactive substances or petroleum or petroleum 
distillates, asbestos or asbestos containing materials, polychlorinated 
biphenyls or radon gas, of any nature subject to regulation or which can 
give rise to liability under any Environmental Law.

“Hedge Bank” shall mean any person that is (or an Affiliate thereof is) an 
Agent, a Co-Lead Arranger or a Lender on the Closing Date (or any person 
that becomes an Agent, Co-Lead Arranger or Lender or Affiliate thereof 
after the Closing Date) and that enters into a Swap Agreement, in each 
case, in its capacity as a party to such Swap Agreement.

“Honor Date” shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 
2.05(c)(i).

“Immaterial Subsidiary” shall mean any Subsidiary that (a) did not, as of 
the last day of the fiscal quarter of the Borrowers most recently ended for 
which financial statements have been (or were required to be) delivered 
pursuant to Section 5.04(a) or 5.04(b), have assets with a value in excess 
of 1.0% of the Consolidated Total Assets or revenues representing in excess 
of 1.0% of total revenues of the Borrowers and the Subsidiaries on a 
combined or consolidated basis as of such date and (b) taken together with 
all Immaterial Subsidiaries as of the last day of the fiscal quarter of the 
Borrowers most recently ended, did not have assets with a value in excess 
of 5.0% of Consolidated Total Assets or revenues representing in excess of 
5.0% of total revenues of the Borrowers and the Subsidiaries on a combined 
or consolidated basis as of such date; provided, that any Borrower may 
elect in its sole discretion to exclude as an Immaterial Subsidiary any 
Subsidiary that would otherwise meet the definition thereof.

“Increased Amount” of any Indebtedness shall mean any increase in the 
amount of such Indebtedness in connection with any accrual of interest, the 
accretion of accreted value, the amortization of original issue discount, 
the payment of interest in the form of additional Indebtedness or in the 
form of common stock of the Company, the accretion of original issue 
discount or liquidation preference and increases in the amount of 
Indebtedness outstanding solely as a result of fluctuations in the exchange 
rate of currencies.

“Increased Amount Date” shall have the meaning assigned to such term in 
Section 2.21(a).

“Incremental Amount” shall mean, at any time, the sum of

(1)    the excess, if any, of (a) $300.0if at the time of the incurrence of 
Indebtedness utilizing this clause (1)(a), (i) the Total Leverage Ratio 
immediately prior to the incurrence thereof is not greater than 6.00 to 
1.00, $300.0 million, or (ii) the Total Leverage Ratio immediately prior to 
the incurrence thereof is greater than 6.00 to 1.00, $200.0 million over 
(b) the sum of (x) the aggregate principal amount of all
 
37

------------------------------------------------------------------------
outstanding Incremental Term Loans and Incremental Revolving Facility 
Commitments established after the Closing Date pursuant to Section 2.21 
utilizing this clause (1) (other than Incremental Term Loans and 
Incremental Revolving Facility Commitments in respect of Refinancing Term 
Loans, Extended Term Loans, Extended Revolving Facility Commitments or 
Replacement Revolving Facility Commitments, respectively) plus (y) the 
aggregate principal amount of Indebtedness outstanding pursuant to Section 
6.01(ee) at such time; plus

(2)    any additional amounts so long as immediately after giving effect to 
the incurrence of Incremental Loans or Indebtedness incurred pursuant to 
Section 6.01(ee), as applicable, and the use of proceeds thereof, (a) in 
the case of Incremental Loans or Indebtedness incurred pursuant to Section 
6.01(ee), in each case, that is secured by a Lien on the Collateral that is 
pari passu in right of security with the Term B Loans or, the Initial 
Revolving Loans and the First Amendment Revolving Loans, the Senior Secured 
Leverage Ratio on a Pro Forma Basis is not greater than 4.25 to 1.00, (b) 
in the case of Incremental Loans or Indebtedness incurred pursuant to 
Section 6.01(ee), in each case, that is secured by a Lien on the Collateral 
that is junior in right of security to the Term B Loans and, the Initial 
Revolving Loans and the First Amendment Revolving Loans, the Total Secured 
Leverage Ratio on a Pro Forma Basis is not greater than 6.00 to 1.00 and 
(c) in the case of Incremental Loans or Indebtedness incurred pursuant to 
Section 6.01(ee), in each case, that is unsecured, the Interest Coverage 
Ratio on a Pro Forma Basis is at least 2.00 to 1.00; provided, that, for 
purposes of this clause (2), (A) all Indebtedness incurred pursuant to 
Section 6.01(r)(i)(x) outstanding at such time, shall be included in the 
calculation of the Senior Secured Leverage Ratio and all Indebtedness 
incurred pursuant to Section 6.01(r)(i)(y) outstanding at such time, shall 
be included in the calculation of the Total Secured Leverage Ratio and (B) 
the Net Proceeds of Incremental Loans or Indebtedness incurred pursuant to 
Section 6.01(ee) at such time shall not be netted for purposes of such 
calculation of the Senior Secured Leverage Ratio and the Total Secured 
Leverage Ratio, as applicable.

“Incremental Assumption Agreement” shall mean an Incremental Assumption 
Agreement among the Borrowers, the Administrative Agent and one or more 
Incremental Term Lenders and/or Incremental Revolving Facility Lenders 
entered into pursuant to Section 2.21.

“Incremental Revolving Facility Commitment” shall mean any increased or 
incremental Revolving Facility Commitment provided pursuant to Section 
2.21.

“Incremental Revolving Facility Lender” shall mean a Lender with a 
Revolving Facility Commitment or an outstanding Revolving Facility Loan as 
a result of an Incremental Revolving Facility Commitment.

“Incremental Term Borrowing” shall mean a Borrowing comprised of 
Incremental Term Loans.

“Incremental Term Facility” shall mean any Class of Incremental Term Loan 
Commitments and the Incremental Term Loans made hereunder.
 
38

------------------------------------------------------------------------
“Incremental Term Facility Maturity Date” shall mean, with respect to any 
Class of Incremental Term Loans established pursuant to an Incremental 
Assumption Agreement, the maturity date for such Class as set forth in such 
Incremental Assumption Agreement.

“Incremental Term Lender” shall mean a Lender with an Incremental Term Loan 
Commitment or an outstanding Incremental Term Loan.

“Incremental Term Loan Commitment” shall mean the commitment of any Lender, 
established pursuant to Section 2.21, to make Incremental Term Loans to any 
Borrower.

“Incremental Term Loan Installment Date” shall have, with respect to any 
Class of Incremental Term Loans established pursuant to an Incremental 
Assumption Agreement, the meaning assigned to such term in Section 
2.10(a)(ii).

“Incremental Term Loans” shall mean Term Loans made by one or more Lenders 
to a Borrower pursuant to Section 2.01(c). Incremental Term Loans may be 
made in the form of additional Term B Loans or, to the extent permitted by 
Section 2.21 and provided for in the relevant Incremental Assumption 
Agreement, Other Term Loans (including in the form of Extended Term Loans 
or Refinancing Term Loans, as applicable).

“Indebtedness” of any person shall mean, if and to the extent (other than 
with respect to clause (h) below) the same would constitute indebtedness or 
a liability in accordance with GAAP, without duplication, (a) all 
obligations of such person for borrowed money, (b) all obligations of such 
person evidenced by bonds, debentures, notes or similar instruments, (c) 
all obligations of such person issued or assumed as the deferred purchase 
price of property or services (other than such obligations accrued in the 
ordinary course), to the extent the same would be required to be shown as a 
long-term liability on a balance sheet prepared in accordance with GAAP, 
(d) all Capital Lease Obligations of such person, (e) all net payments that 
such person would have to make in the event of an early termination, on the 
date Indebtedness of such person is being determined, in respect of 
outstanding Swap Agreements, (f) the principal component of all 
obligations, contingent or otherwise, of such person as an account party in 
respect of letters of credit, (g) the principal component of all 
obligations of such person in respect of bankers’ acceptances, (h) all 
Guarantees by such person of Indebtedness described in clauses (a) to (g) 
above and (i) the amount of all obligations of such person with respect to 
the redemption, repayment or other repurchase of any Disqualified Stock 
(excluding accrued dividends that have not increased the liquidation 
preference of such Disqualified Stock); provided, that Indebtedness shall 
not include (A) trade and other ordinary course payables, accrued expenses 
and intercompany liabilities arising in the ordinary course of business, 
(B) prepaid or deferred revenue arising in the ordinary course of business, 
(C) purchase price holdbacks arising in the ordinary course of business in 
respect of a portion of the purchase prices of an asset to satisfy 
unperformed obligations of the seller of such asset or (D) earn-out 
obligations until such obligations become a liability on the balance sheet 
of such person in accordance with GAAP. The Indebtedness of any person 
shall include the Indebtedness of any partnership in which such person is a 
general partner, other than to the extent that the instrument or agreement 
evidencing such Indebtedness expressly limits the liability of such person 
in respect thereof. To the extent not otherwise included, Indebtedness 
shall include the amount of any Receivables Net Investment.
 
39

------------------------------------------------------------------------
“Indemnified Taxes” shall mean all Taxes imposed on or with respect to or 
measured by any payment by or on account of any obligation of any Loan 
Party hereunder or under any other Loan Document other than Excluded Taxes 
and Other Taxes.

“Indemnitee” shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 
9.05(b).

“Ineligible Institution” shall mean the persons identified in writing to 
the Administrative Agent by the Company on or prior to the Closing Date, 
and as may be identified in writing to the Administrative Agent by the 
Company from time to time thereafter, with the consent of the 
Administrative Agent, by delivery of a notice thereof to the Administrative 
Agent setting forth such person or persons (or the person or persons 
previously identified to the Administrative Agent that are to be no longer 
considered “Ineligible Institutions”).

“Information” shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 
3.14(a).

“Information Memorandum” shall mean the Confidential Information Memorandum 
dated September, 2013, as modified or supplemented prior to the Closing 
Date.

“Initial Revolving Facility Commitment” shall mean a Revolving Facility 
Commitment established on the Closing Date and held on the First Amendment 
Effective Date by a Revolving Facility Lender that did not consent to the 
First Amendment, excluding any such Initial Revolving Facility Commitment 
that has been converted to a First Amendment Revolving Facility Commitment 
under Section 2.23.

“Initial Revolving Loan” shall mean a Revolving Facility Loan made (i) 
pursuant to the Initial Revolving Facility Commitments in effect on the 
Closing Date (as the same may be amended from time to time in accordance 
with this Agreement) or (ii) pursuant to any Incremental Revolving Facility 
Commitment on the same terms as the Revolving Facility Loans referred to in 
clause (i) of this definition.

“Intellectual Property Right” shall have the meaning assigned to such term 
in Section 3.22.

“Interest Coverage Ratio” means, on any date, the ratio of (a) EBITDA for 
the Test Period most recently ended as of such date to (b) Interest Expense 
(other than Interest Expense in respect of Qualified Non-Recourse Debt) for 
such Test Period, all determined on a combined or consolidated basis in 
accordance with GAAP; provided, that the Interest Coverage Ratio shall be 
determined for the relevant Test Period on a Pro Forma Basis; provided, 
further, however, that for purposes of calculating the Interest Coverage 
Ratio from and after any Covenant Resumption Date, (i) EBITDA for the 
fiscal quarter in which the relevant Qualifying Act of Terrorism shall have 
occurred, (ii) EBITDA for any fiscal quarter following such quarter 
referred to in clause (i) in which a Material Disruption existed and (iii) 
EBITDA for the next succeeding fiscal quarter after the latest quarter to 
occur of any quarter referred to in clause (i) or (ii) shall, in each case, 
be the greater of (1) Substituted EBITDA and (2) actual EBITDA for such 
quarter. For the purposes of the foregoing, “Substituted EBITDA” shall mean 
the EBITDA for the fiscal quarter immediately preceding the fiscal quarter 
referred to in clause (i) of the previous sentence, in each case subject to 
customary seasonal adjustments (as determined in good faith by the Company 
and set forth in a certificate of a Responsible Officer of the Company 
delivered to the Administrative Agent).
 
40

------------------------------------------------------------------------
“Interest Election Request” shall mean a request by a Borrower to convert 
or continue a Term Borrowing or Revolving Facility Borrowing in accordance 
with Section 2.07.

“Interest Expense” shall mean, with respect to any person for any period, 
the sum of (a) gross interest expense of such person for such period on a 
combined or consolidated basis, including (i) the amortization of debt 
discounts, (ii) the amortization of all fees (including fees with respect 
to Swap Agreements) payable in connection with the incurrence of 
Indebtedness to the extent included in interest expense and (iii) the 
portion of any payments or accruals with respect to Capital Lease 
Obligations allocable to interest expense, (b) capitalized interest of such 
person, and (c) commissions, discounts, yield and other fees and charges 
incurred in connection with any Permitted Receivables Financing which are 
payable to any person other than a Loan Party. For purposes of the 
foregoing, gross interest expense shall be determined after giving effect 
to any net payments made or received and costs incurred by the Borrowers 
and the Subsidiaries with respect to Swap Agreements, and interest on a 
Capital Lease Obligation shall be deemed to accrue at an interest rate 
reasonably determined by the Borrowers to be the rate of interest implicit 
in such Capital Lease Obligation in accordance with GAAP.

“Interest Payment Date” means, (a) as to any Loan other than an ABR Loan, 
the last day of each Interest Period applicable to such Loan and the 
scheduled maturity date of such Loan; provided, however, that if any 
Interest Period for a Eurocurrency Loan exceeds three months, the 
respective dates that fall every three months after the beginning of such 
Interest Period shall also be Interest Payment Dates; and (b) as to any ABR 
Loan (including a Swingline Loan), the last Business Day of each March, 
June, September and December and the scheduled maturity date of such Loan.

“Interest Period” means, as to each Eurocurrency Loan, the period 
commencing on the date such Eurocurrency Loan is disbursed or converted to 
or continued as a Eurocurrency Loan and ending on the date one, two, three 
or six months (or twelve months if agreed to by each applicable Lender or 
such period of shorter than one month as may be consented to by the 
Administrative Agent) thereafter, as selected by the applicable Borrower; 
provided that:

(a)    any Interest Period that would otherwise end on a day that is not a 
Business Day shall be extended to the next succeeding Business Day unless 
such Business Day falls in another calendar month, in which case such 
Interest Period shall end on the next preceding Business Day;

(b)    any Interest Period that begins on the last Business Day of a 
calendar month (or on a day for which there is no numerically corresponding 
day in the calendar month at the end of such Interest Period) shall end on 
the last Business Day of the calendar month at the end of such Interest 
Period; and

(c)    no Interest Period for any Loan shall extend beyond the maturity 
date of such Loan.
 
41

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Interest shall accrue from and including the first day of an Interest 
Period to but excluding the last day of such Interest Period.

“Investment” shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 6.04.

“ISP” means, with respect to any Letter of Credit, the “International 
Standby Practices 1998” published by the Institute of International Banking 
Law & Practice (or such later version thereof as may be in effect at the 
time of issuance).

“Issuer Documents” means, with respect to any Letter of Credit, the Letter 
of Credit Application, and any other document, agreement and instrument 
entered into by the L/C Issuer and a Borrower (or any Subsidiary) or in 
favor of the L/C Issuer and relating to such Letter of Credit.

“Junior Financing” shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 
6.09(b).

“L/C Advance” means, with respect to each Lender, such Lender’s funding of 
its participation in any L/C Borrowing in accordance with its Revolving 
Facility Percentage under the applicable Revolving Facility. All L/C 
Advances shall be denominated in Dollars.

“L/C Borrowing” means an extension of credit resulting from a drawing under 
any Letter of Credit which has not been reimbursed on the date when made or 
refinanced as an ABR Revolving Loan. All L/C Borrowings shall be 
denominated in Dollars.

“L/C Credit Extension” means, with respect to any Letter of Credit, the 
issuance thereof or extension of the expiry date thereof, or the increase 
of the amount thereof.

“L/C Issuer” shall mean Citibank and each other L/C Issuer designated 
pursuant to Section 2.05(k), in each case in its capacity as an issuer of 
Letters of Credit hereunder, and its successors in such capacity as 
provided in Section 8.09; provided that, in the case of any Existing Letter 
of Credit, the L/C Issuer with respect thereto shall be as is indicated on 
Schedule 1.01(B). An L/C Issuer may, in its discretion, arrange for one or 
more Letters of Credit to be issued by Affiliates of such L/C Issuer, in 
which case the term “L/C Issuer” shall include any such Affiliate with 
respect to Letters of Credit issued by such Affiliate. In the event that 
there is more than one L/C Issuer at any time, references herein and in the 
other Loan Documents to the L/C Issuer shall be deemed to refer to the L/C 
Issuer in respect of the applicable Letter of Credit or to all L/C Issuers, 
as the context requires.

“L/C Issuer Fees” shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 
2.12(b).

“L/C Obligations” means, as at any date of determination, the aggregate 
amount available to be drawn under all outstanding Letters of Credit plus 
the aggregate of all Unreimbursed Amounts, including all L/C Borrowings. 
For all purposes of this Agreement, if on any date of determination a 
Letter of Credit has expired by its terms but any amount may still be drawn 
thereunder by reason of the operation of Rule 3.14 of the ISP, such Letter 
of Credit shall be deemed to be “outstanding” in the amount so remaining 
available to be drawn.
 
42

------------------------------------------------------------------------
“L/C Participation Fee” shall have the meaning assigned such term in 
Section 2.12(b).

“Lender” shall mean each financial institution listed on Schedule 2.01 
(other than any such person that has ceased to be a party hereto pursuant 
to an Assignment and Acceptance in accordance with Section 9.04), as well 
as any person that becomes a “Lender” hereunder pursuant to Section 9.04 or 
Section 2.21.

“lending office” shall mean, as to any Lender, the applicable branch, 
office or Affiliate of such Lender designated by such Lender to make Loans.

“Lender Participation Notice” shall have the meaning assigned to such term 
in Section 2.11(g)(iii).

“Letter of Credit” shall mean any letter of credit issued hereunder and 
shall include the Existing Letters of Credit. A Letter of Credit may be a 
commercial letter of credit or a standby letter of credit.

“Letter of Credit Application” shall mean an application and agreement for 
the issuance or amendment of a Letter of Credit in the form from time to 
time in use by the L/C Issuer.

“Letter of Credit Commitment” shall mean, with respect to each L/C Issuer, 
the commitment of such L/C Issuer to issue Letters of Credit pursuant to 
Section 2.05. Letters of Credit issued under any L/C Issuer’s Letter of 
Credit Commitment may be issued under any Revolving Facility.

“Letter of Credit Expiration Date” shall mean, with respect to any 
Revolving Facility, the day that is five days prior to the Revolving 
Facility Maturity Date for such Revolving Facility then in effect (or, if 
such day is not a Business Day, the next preceding Business Day).

“Letter of Credit Sublimit” shall mean the aggregate Letter of Credit 
Commitments of the L/C Issuer, in an amount not to exceed $100.0 million or 
such larger amount not to exceed the Revolving Facility Commitment as the 
Administrative Agent and the applicable L/C Issuer may agree. The Letter of 
Credit Sublimit is part of, and not in addition to, the Revolving Facility 
Commitments.

“License Revocation” means the revocation, failure to renew or suspension 
of, or the appointment of a receiver, supervisor, conservator or similar 
official with respect to, any casino, gambling or gaming license issued by 
any Gaming Authority covering any casino or gaming facility of a Borrower 
or any of its Subsidiaries.

“Lien” shall mean, with respect to any asset, (a) any mortgage, deed of 
trust, lien, hypothecation, pledge, charge, security interest or similar 
encumbrance in or on such asset and (b) the interest of a vendor or a 
lessor under any conditional sale agreement, capital lease or title 
retention agreement (or any financing lease having substantially the same 
economic effect as any of the foregoing) relating to such asset; provided 
that in no event shall an operating lease or an agreement to sell be deemed 
to constitute a Lien.
 
43

------------------------------------------------------------------------
“Linq” shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 3.05(b).

“Liquor Authorities” means, in any jurisdiction in which a Borrower or any 
of its Subsidiaries sells and distributes liquor, the applicable alcoholic 
beverage commission or other Governmental Authority responsible for 
interpreting, administering and enforcing the Liquor Laws.

“Liquor Laws” means the laws, rules, regulations and orders applicable to 
or involving the sale and distribution of liquor by a Borrower or any of 
its Subsidiaries in any jurisdiction, as in effect from time to time, 
including the policies, interpretations and administration thereof by the 
applicable Liquor Authorities.

“Loan Documents” shall mean (i) this Agreement, (ii) the Subsidiary 
Guarantee Agreement, (iii) the Security Documents, (iv) each Incremental 
Assumption Agreement, and (v) any Note issued under Section 2.09(e), and 
solely for the purposes of Section 7.01 hereof, the Engagement Letter; 
provided that for purposes of the expense reimbursement and indemnity 
provisions in Section 8.07 and Section 9.05 only, the First Lien 
Intercreditor Agreement and any agreements governing any First Lien Notes 
shall be deemed to be “Loan Documents.”

“Loan Obligations” shall mean (a) the due and punctual payment by the 
Borrowers of (i) the unpaid principal of and interest (including interest 
accruing during the pendency of any bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership or 
other similar proceeding, regardless of whether allowed or allowable in 
such proceeding) on the Loans made to the Borrowers under this Agreement, 
when and as due, whether at maturity, by acceleration, upon one or more 
dates set for prepayment or otherwise, (ii) each payment required to be 
made by the Borrowers under this Agreement in respect of any Letter of 
Credit, when and as due, including payments in respect of reimbursement of 
disbursements, interest thereon (including interest accruing during the 
pendency of any bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership or other similar 
proceeding, regardless of whether allowed or allowable in such proceeding) 
and obligations to provide Cash Collateral and (iii) all other monetary 
obligations of the Borrowers owed under or pursuant to this Agreement and 
each other Loan Document, including obligations to pay fees, expense 
reimbursement obligations and indemnification obligations, whether primary, 
secondary, direct, contingent, fixed or otherwise (including monetary 
obligations incurred during the pendency of any bankruptcy, insolvency, 
receivership or other similar proceeding, regardless of whether allowed or 
allowable in such proceeding), and (b) the due and punctual payment of all 
obligations of each other Loan Party under or pursuant to each of the Loan 
Documents.

“Loan Parties” shall mean the Borrowers and the Subsidiary Loan Parties.

“Loans” shall mean the Term Loans, the Revolving Facility Loans and the 
Swingline Loans.

“Local Time” shall mean Las Vegas, Nevada local time (daylight or standard, 
as applicable).
 
44

------------------------------------------------------------------------
“Majority Lenders” of any Facility shall mean, at any time, Lenders under 
such Facility having Loans and unused Commitments representing more than 
50% of the sum of all Loans outstanding under such Facility and unused 
Commitments under such Facility at such time. The Loans, Commitments and 
Revolving Facility Credit Exposures of any Defaulting Lender shall be 
disregarded in determining Majority Lenders at any time.

“Management Agreements” shall mean each Amended and Restated Management 
Agreement, each dated as of the Closing Date, between Flamingo Las Vegas 
Operating Company, LLC, Paris Las Vegas Operating Company, LLC, Rio 
Properties, LLC, Harrah’s Atlantic City Operating Company, LLC, Harrah’s 
Las Vegas, LLC and Harrah’s Laughlin, LLC and their respective management 
companies.

“Management Group” shall mean the group consisting of the directors, 
executive officers and other management personnel of CEC, the Borrowers and 
the Subsidiaries, as the case may be, on the Closing Date together with (x) 
any new directors whose election by such boards of directors or whose 
nomination for election by the shareholders of CERP LLC, was approved by a 
vote of a majority of the directors of CERP LLC, then still in office who 
were either directors on the Closing Date or whose election or nomination 
was previously so approved and (y) executive officers and other management 
personnel of CEC, the Borrowers and the Subsidiaries, as the case may be, 
hired at a time when the directors on the Closing Date together with the 
directors so approved constituted a majority of the directors of CERP LLC.

“Margin Stock” shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Regulation 
U.

“Material Adverse Effect” shall mean a material adverse effect on the 
business, property, operations or financial condition of the Borrowers and 
the Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, or the validity or enforceability of 
any of the material Loan Documents or the rights and remedies of the 
Administrative Agent and the Lenders thereunder.

“Material Disruption” shall have the meaning assigned to such term in the 
definition of “Qualifying Act of Terrorism.”

“Material Indebtedness” shall mean Indebtedness (other than Loans and 
Letters of Credit) of any one or more of any Borrower or any Subsidiary in 
an aggregate principal amount exceeding $50.0 million.

“Material Subsidiary” shall mean any Subsidiary other than Immaterial 
Subsidiaries.

“Maximum Rate” shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 
9.09.

“Moody’s” shall mean Moody’s Investors Service, Inc.

“Mortgaged Properties” shall mean the Owned Real Properties owned by any 
Loan Party that are set forth on Schedule 1.01(A) and each additional Owned 
Real Property encumbered by a Mortgage or Additional Mortgage pursuant to 
Section 5.10(c), 5.10(d), 5.10(h) or 5.11.
 
45

------------------------------------------------------------------------
“Mortgages” shall mean, collectively, the mortgages, trust deeds, deeds of 
trust, deeds to secure debt, assignments of leases and rents, and other 
security documents delivered with respect to Mortgaged Properties, 
substantially, in the case of mortgages, in the form of Exhibit E (with 
such changes as are reasonably acceptable to the Collateral Agent), as 
amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the term “Mortgages” shall include, without 
limitation, the Additional Mortgages.

“Multiemployer Plan” shall mean a multiemployer plan as defined in Section 
4001(a)(3) of ERISA to which any Borrower or any Subsidiary or any ERISA 
Affiliate (other than one considered an ERISA Affiliate only pursuant to 
subsection (m) or (o) of Code Section 414) is making or accruing an 
obligation to make contributions, or has within any of the preceding six 
plan years made or accrued an obligation to make contributions.

“Net Income” shall mean, with respect to any person, the net income (loss) 
of such person, determined in accordance with GAAP and before any reduction 
in respect of preferred stock dividends.

“Net Proceeds” shall mean:

(a)    100% of the cash proceeds actually received by any Borrower or any 
Subsidiary (including any cash payments received by way of deferred payment 
of principal pursuant to a note or installment receivable or purchase price 
adjustment receivable or otherwise and including casualty insurance 
settlements and condemnation awards, but only as and when received) from 
any Asset Sale under Sections 6.05(g) and (l) or any Sale and Leaseback 
Transaction that is conducted or classified under Section 6.03(b)(ii) or 
(d), net of (i) attorneys’ fees, accountants’ fees, investment banking 
fees, survey costs, title insurance premiums, and related search and 
recording charges, transfer taxes, deed or mortgage recording taxes, 
required debt payments and required payments of other obligations relating 
to the applicable asset to the extent such debt or obligations are secured 
by a Lien permitted hereunder (other than pursuant to the Loan Documents) 
on such asset, other customary expenses and brokerage, consultant and other 
customary fees actually incurred in connection therewith, (ii) Taxes paid 
or payable (in the good faith determination of the Borrowers) as a result 
thereof, and (iii) the amount of any reasonable reserve established in 
accordance with GAAP against any adjustment to the sale price or any 
liabilities (other than any taxes deducted pursuant to clause (i) or (ii) 
above) (x) related to any of the applicable assets and (y) retained by any 
Borrower or any of the Subsidiaries including, without limitation, pension 
and other post-employment benefit liabilities and liabilities related to 
environmental matters or against any indemnification obligations (however, 
the amount of any subsequent reduction of such reserve (other than in 
connection with a payment in respect of any such liability) shall be deemed 
to be cash proceeds of such Asset Sale occurring on the date of such 
reduction); provided, that, if the Company shall deliver a certificate of a 
Responsible Officer of the Company to the Administrative Agent promptly 
following receipt of any such proceeds setting forth the applicable 
Borrower’s intention to use any portion of such proceeds, to acquire, 
maintain, develop, construct, improve, upgrade or repair assets useful in 
the business of the Borrowers and the Subsidiaries or to make Permitted 
Business Acquisitions and other permitted Investments hereunder (except for 
Permitted
 
46

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Investments or intercompany Investments in Subsidiaries), in each case 
within 18 months of such receipt, such portion of such proceeds shall not 
constitute Net Proceeds except to the extent not, within 18 months of such 
receipt, so used or contractually committed to be so used (it being 
understood that if any portion of such proceeds are not so used within such 
18-month period but within such 18-month period are contractually committed 
to be used, then upon the termination of such contract, such remaining 
portion if not so used by such time shall constitute Net Proceeds as of the 
date of such termination or expiry without giving effect to this proviso); 
provided, further, that (x) no net cash proceeds calculated in accordance 
with the foregoing realized in any fiscal year shall constitute Net 
Proceeds in such fiscal year until the aggregate amount of all such net 
cash proceeds in such fiscal year shall exceed $25.0 million (and 
thereafter only net cash proceeds in excess of such amount shall constitute 
Net Proceeds) and (y) in any event, no net cash proceeds calculated in 
accordance with the foregoing realized in a single transaction or series of 
related transactions shall constitute Net Proceeds unless such net cash 
proceeds shall exceed $10.0 million (and thereafter only net cash proceeds 
in excess of such amount shall constitute Net Proceeds); and

(b)    100% of the cash proceeds from the incurrence, issuance or sale by 
any Borrower or any Subsidiary Loan Party of any Indebtedness (other than 
Excluded Indebtedness), net of all taxes and fees (including investment 
banking fees), commissions, costs and other expenses, in each case incurred 
in connection with such issuance or sale.

“New Class Loans” shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 
9.08(f).

“New Project” shall mean each capital project which is either a new project 
or a new feature at an existing project owned by a Borrower or its 
Subsidiaries which receives a certificate of completion or occupancy and 
all relevant licenses, and in fact commences operations.

“New York Courts” shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 
9.15.

“Non-Consenting Lender” shall have the meaning assigned to such term in 
Section 2.19(c).

“Non-Defaulting Lender” shall mean, at any time, each Lender that is not a 
Defaulting Lender at such time.

“Non-Extension Notice Date” shall have the meaning assigned to such term in 
Section 2.05(b).

“Non-Reinstatement Deadline” shall have the meaning assigned to such term 
in Section 2.05(b).

“Note” shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.09(e).
 
47

------------------------------------------------------------------------
“Notes Offering Memorandum” shall mean the final offering memorandum, dated 
September 27, 2013, in respect of the First Priority Senior Secured Notes 
and the Second Priority Senior Secured Notes.

“Obligations” shall mean, collectively, (a) the Loan Obligations, (b) 
obligations in respect of any Secured Cash Management Agreement and (c) 
obligations in respect of any Secured Swap Agreement.

“Octavius Lease” shall mean that certain Amended and Restated Operating 
Lease, dated as of October 11, 2013, between Caesars Octavius, LLC, as 
Landlord, and Desert Palace, Inc., as Tenant.

“Octavius Lease Amendment” shall mean an amendment and restatement to the 
Octavius Lease (i) to extend the term of the Octavius Lease (including 
extension options in favor of the tenant) to 35 years, (ii) to implement 
the assignment of the Octavius Lease by Desert Palace, Inc. to an entity 
that, upon the CEOC Emergence will own (or whose Affiliates will own) the 
fee interest in the real estate comprising the real property known as 
Caesars Palace Las Vegas, it being understood that such entity will, 
substantially concurrently with such assignment, sublease the real property 
covered by the Octavius Lease to Caesars Entertainment Operating Company, 
Inc. (or its successor) or an Affiliate thereof and (iii) to implement such 
other amendments and modifications that, in the aggregate, could not 
reasonably be expected to materially and adversely affect the Borrowers (in 
the Borrowers’ good faith judgment).

“OFAC” shall have meaning set forth in the definition of “Embargoed 
Person.”

“Offered Loans” shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 
2.11(g)(iii).

“Operations Management Agreement” means each of the real estate management 
agreements, shared service agreements and any other operating management 
agreement entered into by a Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries with CEC or 
with any other direct or indirect subsidiary of CEC and any and all 
modifications thereto, substitutions therefore and replacements thereof so 
long as such modifications, substitutions and replacements are not 
materially less favorable, taken as a whole, to the Borrowers and the 
Subsidiaries than the terms of such agreements as in effect on the Closing 
Date.

“Other First Lien Obligations” shall mean the “Other First Lien 
Obligations” as defined in the Collateral Agreement, including any interest 
accruing after commencement of any bankruptcy or insolvency proceeding with 
respect to any holder of Other First Lien Obligations whether or not 
allowed in such proceeding.

“Other First Lien Secured Parties” shall mean the “Other First Lien Secured 
Parties” as defined in the Collateral Agreement.

“Other Revolving Facility Commitments” shall mean Incremental Revolving 
Facility Commitments to make Other Revolving Loans.
 
48

------------------------------------------------------------------------
“Other Revolving Loans” shall have the meaning assigned to such term in 
Section 2.21(a).

“Other Taxes” shall mean all present or future stamp or documentary Taxes 
or any other excise, transfer, sales, property, intangible, mortgage 
recording, or similar Taxes, charges or levies arising from any payment 
made under any Loan Document or from the execution, registration, delivery 
or enforcement of, or otherwise with respect to, the Loan Documents, and, 
for the avoidance of doubt, excluding any Excluded Taxes.

“Other Term Loans” shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 
2.21(a).

“Outstanding Amount” means (i) with respect to any Loans on any date, the 
Dollar Equivalent amount of the aggregate outstanding principal amount 
thereof after giving effect to any borrowings and prepayments or repayments 
of such Loans occurring on such date; (ii) with respect to Swingline Loans 
on any date, the aggregate outstanding principal amount thereof after 
giving effect to any borrowings and prepayments or repayments of such 
Swingline Loans occurring on such date; and (iii) with respect to any L/C 
Obligations on any date, the Dollar Equivalent amount of the aggregate 
outstanding amount of such L/C Obligations on such date after giving effect 
to any L/C Credit Extension occurring on such date and any other changes in 
the aggregate amount of the L/C Obligations as of such date, including as a 
result of any reimbursements by any Borrower of Unreimbursed Amounts.

“Overdraft Line” shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 
6.01(w).

“Overnight Rate” means, for any day, the greater of (i) the Federal Funds 
Rate and (ii) an overnight rate determined by the Administrative Agent, the 
L/C Issuer, or the Swingline Lender, as the case may be, in accordance with 
banking industry rules on interbank compensation.

“Owned Real Property” means each parcel of Real Property that is located in 
the United States and is owned in fee by any Loan Party that has an 
individual fair market value (on a per property basis and as determined by 
the Borrowers in good faith) of at least $15.0 million (x) as of the 
Closing Date, for Real Property now owned or (y) the date of acquisition, 
for Real Property acquired after the Closing Date (provided that such $15.0 
million threshold shall not be applicable in the case of Real Property that 
is integrally related to the ownership or operation of a Mortgaged Property 
or otherwise necessary for such Mortgaged Property to be in compliance with 
all requirements of law applicable to such Mortgaged Property); provided 
that, with respect to any Real Property that is partially owned in fee and 
partially leased by any Loan Party, Owned Real Property will include both 
that portion of such material real property that is owned in fee and that 
portion that is so leased to the extent that (i) such leased portion is 
integrally related to the ownership or operation of the balance of such 
material real property or is otherwise necessary for such real property to 
be in compliance with all requirements of law applicable to such material 
real property in fee and only if (ii) such portion that is owned in fee has 
an individual fair market value (as determined by the Borrowers in good 
faith) of at least $15.0 million (x) as of the Closing Date, for Real 
Property now so partially owned and partially leased or (y) the date
 
49

------------------------------------------------------------------------
of acquisition, for Real Property acquired after the Closing Date so 
partially owned and partially leased (provided that such $15.0 million 
threshold shall not be applicable in the case of Real Property that is 
integrally related to the ownership or operation of a Mortgaged Property or 
otherwise necessary for such Mortgaged Property to be in compliance with 
all requirements of law applicable to such Mortgaged Property) and (iii) a 
mortgage in favor of the Collateral Agent (for the benefit of the Secured 
Parties) is permitted on such Real Property by applicable law and by the 
terms of any lease, or other applicable document governing any leased 
portion of such Real Property, or with the consent of the applicable lessor 
or grantor (to the extent obtained after the applicable Loan Party has 
utilized commercially reasonable efforts to obtain same).

“Parent Entity” means any direct or indirect parent of the Company.

“Participant” shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 
9.04(c)(i).

“Participant Register” shall have the meaning assigned to such term in 
Section 9.04(c)(ii).

“PBGC” shall mean the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation referred to and 
defined in ERISA.

“Pension Act” shall mean the Pension Protection Act of 2006, as amended.

“Perfection Certificate” shall mean the Perfection Certificate with respect 
to the Borrowers and the other Loan Parties in a form reasonably 
satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, as the same may be supplemented 
from time to time to the extent required by Section 5.04(f).

“Permitted Business Acquisition” shall mean any acquisition of all or 
substantially all the assets of, or all or substantially all the Equity 
Interests (other than directors’ qualifying shares) in, or merger, 
consolidation or amalgamation with, a person or division or line of 
business of a person (or any subsequent investment made in a person, 
division or line of business previously acquired in a Permitted Business 
Acquisition), if immediately after giving effect thereto: (i) no Event of 
Default shall have occurred and be continuing or would result therefrom; 
(ii) all transactions related thereto shall be consummated in accordance 
with applicable laws; (iii) with respect to any such acquisition or 
investment with a fair market value (as determined in good faith by the 
Borrowers) in excess of $10.0 million, after giving effect to such 
acquisition or investment and any related transactions, the Borrowers shall 
be in Pro Forma Compliance; (iv) any acquired or newly formed Subsidiary 
shall not be liable for any Indebtedness except for Indebtedness permitted 
by Section 6.01; (v) to the extent required by Section 5.10, any person 
acquired in such acquisition, if acquired by a Loan Party, shall be merged 
into a Loan Party or become, following the consummation of such acquisition 
in accordance with Section 5.10, a Loan Party; (vi) the aggregate amount of 
such acquisitions and investments in assets that are not owned by the Loan 
Parties or in Equity Interests in persons that are not Loan Parties or do 
not become Loan Parties following the consummation of such acquisition 
shall not in the aggregate exceed, together with all outstanding 
Investments made in Subsidiaries that are not Loan Parties pursuant to 
Sections 6.04(b) and (v), the greater of (x) 2.0% of Consolidated Total 
Assets as of the end of the fiscal quarter immediately prior to the
 
50

------------------------------------------------------------------------
date of such acquisition or investment for which financial statements have 
been delivered pursuant to Section 5.04(a) or 5.04(b) and (y) $150.0 
million; and (vii) if the date of the consummation of such acquisition 
shall occur during a Covenant Suspension Period, the sum of (1) the 
aggregate Available Unused Commitments under the Revolving Facilities plus 
(2) all Unrestricted Cash and Permitted Investments of the Borrowers and 
the Subsidiaries on such date shall not be less than $250.0 million; 
provided that this clause (vii) shall not apply to any acquisition 
consummated pursuant to binding commitments in existence at or prior to the 
date on which the relevant Covenant Suspension Period began.

“Permitted Cure Securities” shall mean any equity securities of the Company 
or a Parent Entity issued pursuant to the Cure Right other than 
Disqualified Stock.

“Permitted Holder” shall mean each of (i) the Sponsors, (ii) the Management 
Group, (iii) CEC and any Person that has no material assets other than the 
capital stock of CERP LLC or other Permitted Holders and that, directly or 
indirectly, holds or acquires beneficial ownership of 100% on a fully 
diluted basis of the voting Equity Interests of CERP LLC, and of which no 
other Person or “group” (within the meaning of Rules 13d-3 and 13d-5 under 
the Exchange Act as in effect on the Closing Date), other than any of the 
other Permitted Holders specified in clauses (i), (ii) and (iii), 
beneficially owns more than 50% (or, following a Qualified IPO, the greater 
of 35% and the percentage beneficially owned by the Permitted Holders 
specified in clauses (i), (ii) and (iii)) on a fully diluted basis of the 
voting Equity Interests thereof, and (iv) any “group” (within the meaning 
of Rules 13d-3 and 13d-5 under the Exchange Act as in effect on the Closing 
Date) the members of which include any of the other Permitted Holders 
specified in clauses (i), (ii) and (iii) above and that, directly or 
indirectly, hold or acquire beneficial ownership of the voting Equity 
Interests of CERP LLC (a “Permitted Holder Group”), so long as (1) each 
member of the Permitted Holder Group has voting rights proportional to the 
percentage of ownership interests held or acquired by such member and (2) 
no Person or other “group” (other than the other Permitted Holders 
specified in clauses (i), (ii) and (iii) above) beneficially owns more than 
50% (or, following a Qualified IPO, the greater of 35% and the percentage 
beneficially owned by the Permitted Holders specified in clauses (i), (ii) 
and (iii)) on a fully diluted basis of the voting Equity Interests held by 
the Permitted Holder Group.

“Permitted Investments” shall mean:

(a)    direct obligations of the United States of America or any member of 
the European Union or any agency thereof or obligations guaranteed by the 
United States of America or any member of the European Union or any agency 
thereof, in each case with maturities not exceeding two years;

(b)    time deposit accounts, certificates of deposit and money market 
deposits maturing within 180 days of the date of acquisition thereof issued 
by a bank or trust company that is organized under the laws of the United 
States of America, any state thereof or any foreign country recognized by 
the United States of America having capital, surplus and undivided profits 
in excess of $250 million and whose long-term debt, or whose parent holding 
company’s long-term debt, is rated A (or such similar equivalent rating or 
higher by at least one nationally recognized statistical rating 
organization (as defined in Rule 436 under the Securities Act));
 
51

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(c)    repurchase obligations with a term of not more than 180 days for 
underlying securities of the types described in clause (a) above entered 
into with a bank meeting the qualifications described in clause (b) above;

(d)    commercial paper, maturing not more than one year after the date of 
acquisition, issued by a corporation (other than an Affiliate of the 
Borrowers) organized and in existence under the laws of the United States 
of America or any foreign country recognized by the United States of 
America with a rating at the time as of which any investment therein is 
made of P-1 (or higher) according to Moody’s, or A-1 (or higher) according 
to S&P (or such similar equivalent rating or higher by at least one 
nationally recognized statistical rating organization (as defined in Rule 
436 under the Securities Act));

(e)    securities with maturities of two years or less from the date of 
acquisition issued or fully guaranteed by any State, commonwealth or 
territory of the United States of America, or by any political subdivision 
or taxing authority thereof, and rated at least A by S&P or A by Moody’s 
(or such similar equivalent rating or higher by at least one nationally 
recognized statistical rating organization (as defined in Rule 436 under 
the Securities Act));

(f)    shares of mutual funds whose investment guidelines restrict 95% of 
such funds’ investments to those satisfying the provisions of clauses (a) 
through (e) above;

(g)    money market funds that (i) comply with the criteria set forth in 
Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act of 1940, (ii) are rated AAA by 
S&P and Aaa by Moody’s and (iii) have portfolio assets of at least $5,000.0 
million; and

(h)    time deposit accounts, certificates of deposit and money market 
deposits in an aggregate face amount not in excess of 0.5% of the total 
assets of the Borrowers and the Subsidiaries, on a combined or consolidated 
basis, as of the end of the Borrowers’ most recently completed fiscal year; 
and

(i)    instruments equivalent to those referred to in clauses (a) through 
(h) above denominated in any foreign currency comparable in credit quality 
and tenor to those referred to above and commonly used by corporations for 
cash management purposes in any jurisdiction outside the United States to 
the extent reasonably required in connection with any business conducted by 
any Subsidiary organized in such jurisdiction.

“Permitted Junior Intercreditor Agreement” shall mean, with respect to any 
Liens on Collateral that are intended to be junior to any Liens securing 
the Term B Loans (including, for the avoidance of doubt, junior Liens 
pursuant to Section 2.21(b)(ii)), either (as the Borrowers shall elect) (x) 
any Second Lien Intercreditor Agreement if such Liens secure “Second 
Priority Claims” (as defined therein), (y) another intercreditor agreement 
not materially less favorable to the Lenders vis-à-vis such junior Liens 
than such Second Lien Intercreditor Agreement (as determined by the 
Borrowers in good faith) or (z) another intercreditor agreement the terms 
of which are consistent with market terms governing security arrangements 
for the sharing of liens on a junior basis at the time such intercreditor 
agreement is proposed to be established, as determined by the Company and 
the Administrative Agent in the reasonable exercise of reasonable judgment.
 
52

------------------------------------------------------------------------
“Permitted Liens” shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 
6.02.

“Permitted Loan Purchase Assignment and Acceptance” shall mean an 
assignment and acceptance entered into by a Lender as an Assignor and a 
Borrower as an Assignee, and accepted by the Administrative Agent, in the 
form of Exhibit F or such other form as shall be approved by the 
Administrative Agent and the Company (such approval not to be unreasonably 
withheld or delayed).

“Permitted Loan Purchases” shall have the meaning assigned to such term in 
Section 9.04(i).

“Permitted Pari Passu Intercreditor Agreement” shall mean, with respect to 
any Liens on Collateral that are intended to be secured on a pari passu 
basis with the Liens securing the Term B Loans, either (as the Borrowers 
shall elect) (x) the First Lien Intercreditor Agreement, (y) another 
intercreditor agreement not materially less favorable to the Lenders 
vis-à-vis such pari passu Liens than the First Lien Intercreditor Agreement 
(as determined by the Borrowers in good faith) or (z) another intercreditor 
agreement the terms of which are consistent with market terms governing 
security arrangements for the sharing of liens on a pari passu basis at the 
time such intercreditor agreement is proposed to be established, as 
determined by the Company and the Administrative Agent in the exercise of 
reasonable judgment.

“Permitted Receivables Documents” shall mean all documents and agreements 
evidencing, relating to or otherwise governing a Permitted Receivables 
Financing.

“Permitted Receivables Financing” shall mean one or more transactions 
pursuant to which (i) Receivables Assets or interests therein are sold to 
or financed by one or more Special Purpose Receivables Subsidiaries, and 
(ii) such Special Purpose Receivables Subsidiaries finance their 
acquisition of such Receivables Assets or interests therein, or the 
financing thereof, by selling or borrowing against Receivables Assets; 
provided, that recourse to any Borrower or any Subsidiary (other than the 
Special Purpose Receivables Subsidiaries) in connection with such 
transactions shall be limited to the extent customary for similar 
transactions in the applicable jurisdictions (including, to the extent 
applicable, in a manner consistent with the delivery of a “true 
sale”/”absolute transfer” opinion with respect to any transfer by any 
Borrower or any Subsidiary (other than a Special Purpose Receivables 
Subsidiary).

“Permitted Refinancing Indebtedness” shall mean any Indebtedness issued in 
exchange for, or the net proceeds of which are used to extend, refinance, 
renew, replace, defease or refund (collectively, to “Refinance”), the 
Indebtedness being Refinanced (or previous refinancings thereof 
constituting Permitted Refinancing Indebtedness) (and, in the case of 
revolving Indebtedness being Refinanced, to effect a corresponding 
reduction in the commitments with respect to such revolving Indebtedness 
being Refinanced); provided, that with respect to any Indebtedness being 
Refinanced, (a) the principal amount (or accreted value, if applicable) of 
such Permitted Refinancing Indebtedness does not exceed the principal 
amount (or
 
53

------------------------------------------------------------------------
accreted value, if applicable) of the Indebtedness so Refinanced (plus 
unpaid accrued interest and premium (including tender premiums) thereon and 
underwriting discounts, defeasance costs, fees, commissions, expenses, plus 
an amount equal to any existing commitment utilized thereunder and letters 
of credit undrawn thereunder), (b) except with respect to Section 6.01(i) 
and 6.01(z), the weighted average life to maturity of such Permitted 
Refinancing Indebtedness is greater than or equal to the shorter of (i) the 
weighted average life to maturity of the Indebtedness being Refinanced and 
(ii) the weighted average life to maturity that would result if all 
payments of principal on the Indebtedness being Refinanced that were due on 
or after the date that is one year following the latest Term B Facility 
Maturity Date in effect on the date of incurrence were instead due on the 
date that is one year following such Term B Facility Maturity Date, (c) if 
the Indebtedness being Refinanced is subordinated in right of payment to 
the Loan Obligations under this Agreement, such Permitted Refinancing 
Indebtedness shall be subordinated in right of payment to such Loan 
Obligations on terms in the aggregate not materially less favorable to the 
Lenders as those contained in the documentation governing the Indebtedness 
being Refinanced and (d) no Permitted Refinancing Indebtedness shall have 
greater guarantees or security than the Indebtedness being Refinanced 
(except that a Loan Party may be added as an additional obligor) unless 
such security is otherwise permitted by Section 6.02 at such time of 
incurrence; provided further, that with respect to a Refinancing of 
Indebtedness permitted hereunder that is subordinated, such Permitted 
Refinancing Indebtedness shall (i) be subordinated to the guarantee by 
Subsidiary Loan Parties of the Loan Obligations, and (ii) be otherwise on 
terms (excluding interest rate and redemption premiums), taken as a whole, 
not materially less favorable to the Lenders than those contained in the 
documentation governing the Indebtedness being Refinanced.

“person” shall mean any natural person, corporation, business trust, joint 
venture, association, company, partnership, limited liability company or 
government, individual or family trusts, or any agency or political 
subdivision thereof.

“Plan” shall mean any employee pension benefit plan (other than a 
Multiemployer Plan) that is, (i) subject to the provisions of Title IV of 
ERISA or Section 412 of the Code or Section 302 of ERISA, and (ii) 
sponsored or maintained (at the time of determination or at any time within 
the five years prior thereto) by any Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate, and 
(iii) in respect of which any Borrower, any Subsidiary or any ERISA 
Affiliate is (or, if such plan were terminated, would under Section 4069 of 
ERISA be deemed to be) an “employer” as defined in Section 3(5) of ERISA.

“Platform” shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.17(a).

“Pledged Collateral” shall have the meaning assigned to such term in the 
Collateral Agreement.

“Post-Closing Restructuring Transaction” means: (i) the transactions 
described on Schedule 1.01(F) and (ii) any transactions undertaken in good 
faith by the Borrowers and the Subsidiaries in connection with the 
implementation of the foregoing.

“Pre-Opening Expenses” means, with respect to any fiscal period, the amount 
of expenses (other than interest expense) incurred with respect to capital 
projects which are
 
54

------------------------------------------------------------------------
classified as “pre-opening expenses” or “project opening costs” (or any 
similar or equivalent caption) on the applicable financial statements of 
the Borrowers and the Subsidiaries for such period, prepared in accordance 
with GAAP.

“Pricing Grid” shall mean, with respect to the Loans, the table set forth 
below:
 
Pricing Grid for Revolving Facility Loans
in respect of Initial Revolving Facility Commitments
 
Senior Secured
Leverage Ratio
   	Applicable Margin
for ABR Loans
(other than
Swingline Loans) 	  	  	Applicable Margin
for Swingline Loans 	  	  	Applicable Margin
for Eurocurrency
Loans 	  	  	Applicable
Commitment Fee 	 
 Greater than 3.75 to 1.0
   	  	5.00 	%  	  	  	4.50 	%  	  	  	6.00 	%  	  	  	0.500 	% 
 Less than or equal to 3.75 to 1.0
   	  	4.75 	%  	  	  	4.25 	%  	  	  	5.75 	%  	  	  	0.375 	% 
 
Pricing Grid for Revolving Facility Loans
in respect of First Amendment Revolving Facility Commitments
 
Senior Secured
Leverage Ratio
   	Applicable Margin
for ABR Loans
(other than
Swingline Loans) 	  	  	Applicable Margin
for Swingline  Loans 	  	  	Applicable Margin
for Eurocurrency
Loans 	  	  	Applicable
Commitment Fee 	 
 Greater than 3.75 to 1.0
   	  	2.50 	%  	  	  	2.00 	%  	  	  	3.50 	%  	  	  	0.500 	% 
 Less than or equal to 3.75 to 1.0
   	  	2.25 	%  	  	  	1.75 	%  	  	  	3.25 	%  	  	  	0.375 	% 

For the purposes of the Pricing Grid, changes in the Applicable Margin and 
Applicable Commitment Fee resulting from changes in the Senior Secured 
Leverage Ratio shall become effective on the date (the “Adjustment Date”) 
of delivery of the relevant financial statements pursuant to Section 5.04 
for each fiscal quarter beginning with the first full fiscal quarter of the 
Borrowers after the Closing Date, and shall remain in effect until the next 
change to be effected pursuant to this paragraph. If any financial 
statements referred to above are not delivered within the time periods 
specified in Section 5.04, then, at the option of the Administrative Agent 
or the Required Lenders, until the date that is three Business Days after 
the date on which such financial statements are delivered, the pricing 
level that is one pricing level higher than the pricing level theretofore 
in effect shall apply as of the first Business Day after the date on which 
such financial statements were to have been delivered but were not 
delivered. Each determination of the Senior Secured Leverage Ratio pursuant 
to the Pricing Grid shall be made in a manner consistent with the 
determination thereof pursuant to Section 6.10.

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained above in this definition 
or elsewhere in this Agreement, if it is subsequently determined that the 
Senior Secured Leverage Ratio set forth in any compliance certificate 
delivered to the Administrative Agent pursuant to
 
55

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Section 5.04(c) is inaccurate as a result of any fraud, intentional 
misrepresentation or willful misconduct of the Company or any officer 
thereof and the result is that the Lenders received interest or fees for 
any period based on an Applicable Margin and the Applicable Commitment Fee 
that is less than that which would have been applicable had the Senior 
Secured Leverage Ratio been accurately determined, then, for all purposes 
of this Agreement, the “Applicable Margin” and the “Applicable Commitment 
Fee” for any day occurring within the period covered by such compliance 
certificate shall retroactively be deemed to be the relevant percentage as 
based upon the accurately determined Senior Secured Leverage Ratio for such 
period, and any shortfall in the interest or fees theretofore paid by the 
Borrowers for the relevant period pursuant to this Agreement as a result of 
the miscalculation of the Senior Secured Leverage Ratio shall be deemed to 
be (and shall be) due and payable under the relevant provisions of this 
Agreement, as applicable, at the time the interest or fees for such period 
were required to be paid pursuant to said Section (and shall remain due and 
payable until paid in full, together with all amounts owing under Section 
2.13, in accordance with the terms of this Agreement).

“primary obligor” shall have the meaning given such term in the definition 
of the term “Guarantee.”

“Prime Rate” shall mean the rate of interest per annum as announced from 
time to time by Citibank as its prime rate in effect at its principal 
office in New York City.

“Pro Forma Adjusted EBITDA” shall have the meaning assigned to such term in 
Section 3.05(a).

“Pro Forma Basis” shall mean, as to any person, for any events as described 
below that occur subsequent to the commencement of a period for which the 
financial effect of such events is being calculated, and giving effect to 
the events for which such calculation is being made, such calculation as 
will give pro forma effect to such events as if such events occurred on the 
first day of the four consecutive fiscal quarter period ended on or before 
the occurrence of such event (the “Reference Period”): (i) in making any 
determination on a Pro Forma Basis, pro forma effect shall be given to any 
Asset Sale, any acquisition, Investment, capital expenditure, construction, 
repair, replacement, improvement, development, disposition, merger, 
amalgamation, consolidation (including the Transactions and the 
Post-Closing Restructuring Transaction) (or any similar transaction or 
transactions not otherwise permitted under Section 6.04 or 6.05 that 
require a waiver or consent of the Required Lenders and such waiver or 
consent has been obtained), any dividend, distribution or other similar 
payment, any designation of any Subsidiary as an Unrestricted Subsidiary 
and any Subsidiary Redesignation, New Project, and any restructurings of 
the business of a Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries that such Borrower or 
any of its Subsidiaries has determined to make and/or made and are expected 
to have a continuing impact and are factually supportable, which would 
include cost savings resulting from head count reduction, closure of 
facilities and similar operational and other cost savings, which 
adjustments the Company determines are reasonable as set forth in a 
certificate of a Financial Officer of the Company (the foregoing, together 
with any transactions related thereto or in connection therewith, the “
relevant transactions”), in each case that occurred during the Reference 
Period (or, other than in the case of Section 6.10, occurring during the 
Reference Period or thereafter and through and including the date upon 
which the respective Permitted Business Acquisition or relevant transaction 
is consummated), (ii) in making any determination
 
56

------------------------------------------------------------------------
on a Pro Forma Basis, (x) all Indebtedness (including Indebtedness issued, 
incurred or assumed as a result of, or to finance, any relevant 
transactions and for which the financial effect is being calculated, 
whether incurred under this Agreement or otherwise, but excluding normal 
fluctuations in revolving Indebtedness incurred for working capital 
purposes and amounts outstanding under any Permitted Receivables Financing, 
in each case not to finance any acquisition) issued, incurred, assumed or 
permanently repaid during the Reference Period (or, other than in the case 
of Section 6.10, occurring during the Reference Period or thereafter and 
through and including the date upon which the respective Permitted Business 
Acquisition or relevant transaction is consummated) shall be deemed to have 
been issued, incurred, assumed or permanently repaid at the beginning of 
such period, (y) Interest Expense of such person attributable to interest 
on any Indebtedness, for which pro forma effect is being given as provided 
in preceding clause (x), bearing floating interest rates shall be computed 
on a pro forma basis as if the rates that would have been in effect during 
the period for which pro forma effect is being given had been actually in 
effect during such periods, and (z) with respect to each New Project which 
commences operations and records not less than one full fiscal quarter’s 
operations during the Reference Period, the operating results of such New 
Project shall be annualized on a straight line basis during such period and 
(iii) (A) any Subsidiary Redesignation then being designated, effect shall 
be given to such Subsidiary Redesignation and all other Subsidiary 
Redesignations after the first day of the relevant Reference Period and on 
or prior to the date of the respective Subsidiary Redesignation then being 
designated, collectively, and (B) any designation of a Subsidiary as an 
Unrestricted Subsidiary, effect shall be given to such designation and all 
other designations of Subsidiaries as Unrestricted Subsidiaries after the 
first day of the relevant Reference Period and on or prior to the date of 
the then applicable designation of a Subsidiary as an Unrestricted 
Subsidiary, collectively.

Pro forma calculations made pursuant to the definition of the term “Pro 
Forma Basis” shall be determined in good faith by a Responsible Officer of 
the Company and may include, (i) adjustments to reflect (1) operating 
expense reductions and other operating improvements, synergies or cost 
savings reasonably expected to result from such relevant pro forma event 
(including, to the extent applicable, the Transactions and the Post-Closing 
Restructuring Transaction) and (2) all adjustments of the type used in 
connection with the calculation of “Projected Run-Rate LTM Adjusted EBITDA 
– Pro Forma” as set forth in the Notes Offering Memorandum to the extent 
such adjustments, without duplication, continue to be applicable to such 
Reference Period. The Company shall deliver to the Administrative Agent a 
certificate of a Financial Officer of the Company setting forth such 
demonstrable or additional operating expense reductions, other operating 
improvements, or synergies and adjustments pursuant to clause (2) above or 
cost savings and information and calculations supporting them in reasonable 
detail.

For purposes of this definition, any amount in a currency other than 
Dollars will be converted to Dollars based on the average exchange rate for 
such currency for the most recent twelve month period immediately prior to 
the date of determination in a manner consistent with that used in 
calculating EBITDA for the applicable period.

“Pro Forma Compliance” shall mean, at any date of determination, that the 
Borrowers and the Subsidiaries shall be in compliance, on a Pro Forma Basis 
after giving effect on a Pro Forma Basis to the relevant transactions 
(including the assumption, the issuance,
 
57

------------------------------------------------------------------------
incurrence and permanent repayment of Indebtedness), with the Financial 
Performance Covenant recomputed as at the last day of the most recently 
ended fiscal quarter of the Borrowers and the Subsidiaries for which the 
financial statements and certificates required pursuant to Section 5.04 
have been or were required to have been delivered (provided, that at all 
times during a Covenant Suspension Period, such covenant shall be deemed to 
have applied to the Borrowers’ most recently completed fiscal quarter).

“Pro Forma Financial Statements” shall have the meaning assigned to such 
term in Section 3.05(a).

“Project” shall mean (i) any and all buildings, structures, fixtures, 
construction, development and other improvements of any nature to be 
constructed, added to, or made on, under or about any Real Property 
(exclusive of any personal property) with respect to which the cost of such 
construction, additions or development is at least equal to $15.0 million 
and (ii) any planning processes or preparatory steps undertaken to 
implement or further any such construction, additions or developments 
contemplated by the foregoing clause (i) of this definition (including, 
without limitation, (a) the combination of two or more individual land 
parcels into one parcel, (b) the separation or division of one or more 
individual land parcels into two or more parcels, (c) the re-zoning of 
parcels, and (d) demolition work on parcels).

“Project Financing” shall mean (1) any Capital Lease Obligation, mortgage 
financing, purchase money Indebtedness or other similar Indebtedness 
incurred to finance the acquisition, lease, construction, repair, 
replacement, or improvement of any Undeveloped Land or any refinancing of 
any such Indebtedness and (2) any Sale and Lease-Back Transaction of any 
Undeveloped Land.

“Project Notice” shall mean a notice delivered by a Responsible Officer of 
the Company pursuant to Section 5.11(a) identifying the applicable 
Mortgaged Property constituting Undeveloped Land, providing a reasonable 
description of the applicable Project that the Company anticipates in good 
faith will be undertaken with respect to such Undeveloped Land and 
identifying the Project Financing to be entered into in connection with the 
financing of such Project.

“Projections” shall mean the projections of the Borrowers and the 
Subsidiaries included in the Information Memorandum and any other 
projections and any forward-looking statements (including statements with 
respect to booked business) of such entities furnished to the Lenders or 
the Administrative Agent by or on behalf of any Borrower or any of the 
Subsidiaries prior to the Closing Date.

“Proposed Discounted Prepayment Amount” shall have the meaning assigned to 
such term in Section 2.11(g)(ii).

“Pro Rata Extension Offers” shall have the meaning assigned to such term in 
Section 2.21(e).

“Public Lender” shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 
9.17.
 
58

------------------------------------------------------------------------
“Qualified Equity Interests” shall mean any Equity Interests of the Company 
or any Parent Entity other than Disqualified Stock.

“Qualified IPO” shall mean an underwritten public offering of the Equity 
Interests of CERP LLC or any Parent Entity which generates cash proceeds of 
at least $350.0 million.

“Qualified Non-Recourse Debt” shall mean Indebtedness that (i) is (x) 
incurred by a Qualified Non-Recourse Subsidiary to finance (whether prior 
to or within 270 days after) the acquisition, lease, construction, repair, 
replacement or improvement of any new property (real or personal, whether 
through the direct purchase of property or the Equity Interests of any 
person owning such property and whether in a single acquisition or a series 
of related acquisitions) or any Undeveloped Land or, to the extent owned by 
a Borrower or a Subsidiary on the Closing Date, any Real Property located 
outside the United States or (y) assumed by a Qualified Non-Recourse 
Subsidiary, (ii) is non-recourse to any Borrower and any Subsidiary (other 
than a Qualified Non-Recourse Subsidiary or its Subsidiaries) and (iii) is 
non-recourse to any Subsidiary that is not a Qualified Non-Recourse 
Subsidiary.

“Qualified Non-Recourse Subsidiary” shall mean (i) a Subsidiary that is not 
a Subsidiary Loan Party and that is formed or created after the Closing 
Date in order to finance the acquisition, lease, construction, repair, 
replacement or improvement of any new property or any Undeveloped Land or, 
to the extent owned by a Borrower or a Subsidiary on the Closing Date, any 
Real Property located outside the United States (directly or through one of 
its Subsidiaries) that secures Qualified Non-Recourse Debt incurred in 
respect of such property and (ii) any Subsidiary of a Qualified 
Non-Recourse Subsidiary.

“Qualifying Act of Terrorism” shall mean (a) any Act of Terrorism which 
occurs on any property of the Company or its subsidiaries or in which the 
Company or any of its subsidiaries, or any property of any of them, is the 
target, or (b) any Act of Terrorism the result of which is that passenger 
deplanements into the McCarran Airport in Las Vegas, Nevada as reported by 
Clark County Department of Aviation (“Deplanements”) in a given fiscal 
quarter fall, or if the data is not yet available would reasonably be 
expected to fall, by 5% or more compared with Deplanements in the 
corresponding quarter during the prior year (a “Material Disruption”) or, 
as the case may be, the most recent corresponding quarter in which no 
Material Disruption occurred or existed.

“Qualifying Lenders” shall have the meaning assigned to such term in 
Section 2.11(g)(iv).

“Qualifying Loans” shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 
2.11(g)(iv).

“Real Property” means, collectively, all right, title and interest 
(including, without limitation, any leasehold estate) in and to any and all 
parcels of or interests in real property owned in fee or leased by any Loan 
Party, together with, in each case, all easements, hereditaments and 
appurtenances relating thereto, and all improvements situated, placed or 
constructed upon, or fixed to or incorporated into, or which becomes a 
component part of such real property, and appurtenant fixtures incidental 
to the ownership or lease thereof.
 
59

------------------------------------------------------------------------
“Receivables Assets” shall mean accounts receivable (including any bills of 
exchange) and related assets and property from time to time originated, 
acquired or otherwise owned by any Borrower or any Subsidiary.

“Receivables Net Investment” shall mean the aggregate cash amount paid by 
the lenders or purchasers under any Permitted Receivables Financing in 
connection with their purchase of, or the making of loans secured by, 
Receivables Assets or interests therein, as the same may be reduced from 
time to time by collections with respect to such Receivables Assets or 
otherwise in accordance with the terms of the Permitted Receivables 
Documents (but excluding any such collections used to make payments of 
items included in clause (c) of the definition of Interest Expense); 
provided, however, that if all or any part of such Receivables Net 
Investment shall have been reduced by application of any distribution and 
thereafter such distribution is rescinded or must otherwise be returned for 
any reason, such Receivables Net Investment shall be increased by the 
amount of such distribution, all as though such distribution had not been 
made.

“Reference Period” shall have the meaning assigned to such term in the 
definition of the term “Pro Forma Basis.”

“Refinance” shall have the meaning assigned to such term in the definition 
of the term “Permitted Refinancing Indebtedness,” “Refinancing” and “
Refinanced” shall have a meaning correlative thereto.

“Refinancing Amount” shall mean, in connection with any Refinancing of 
Indebtedness hereunder, the additional amount of Indebtedness in excess of 
the principal amount of Indebtedness being Refinanced that is incurred to 
fund such Refinancing; provided that, the principal amount (or accreted 
value, if applicable) of such new Indebtedness does not exceed the 
principal amount (or accreted value, if applicable) of the Indebtedness so 
Refinanced (plus unpaid accrued interest and premium (including tender 
premiums) thereon and underwriting discounts, defeasance costs, fees, 
commissions and expenses).

“Refinancing Notes” shall mean any secured or unsecured notes or loans 
issued by any Loan Party (whether under an indenture, a credit agreement or 
otherwise) and the Indebtedness represented thereby; provided, that (a) 
100% of the Net Proceeds of such Refinancing Notes are used to permanently 
reduce Loans and/or replace Commitments substantially simultaneously with 
the issuance thereof; (b) the final maturity date of such Refinancing Notes 
is on or after the Term Facility Maturity Date or the Revolving Facility 
Maturity Date, as applicable, of the Term Loans so reduced or the Revolving 
Facility Commitments so replaced; (c) the weighted average life to maturity 
of such Refinancing Notes is greater than or equal to the weighted average 
life to maturity of the Term Loans so reduced or the Revolving Facility 
Commitments so replaced, as applicable; (d) in the case of Refinancing 
Notes in the form of notes issued under an indenture, the terms thereof do 
not provide for any scheduled repayment, mandatory redemption or sinking 
fund obligations prior to the Term Facility Maturity Date of the Term Loans 
so reduced or the Revolving Facility Maturity Date of the Revolving 
Facility Commitments so replaced, as applicable (other than customary 
offers to repurchase or mandatory prepayment provisions upon a change of 
control, asset sale or event of loss and customary acceleration rights 
after an event of default); (e) the other terms of such
 
60

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Refinancing Notes (other than interest rates, fees, floors, funding 
discounts and redemption or prepayment premiums), taken as a whole, are not 
materially less favorable to the Borrowers and its Subsidiaries than the 
terms, taken as a whole, applicable to the Term B Loans (except for 
covenants or other provisions applicable only to periods after the Latest 
Maturity Date in effect at the time such Refinancing Notes are issued), as 
determined by the Borrowers in good faith; (f) there shall be no obligor in 
respect of such Refinancing Notes that is not a Loan Party and (g) 
Refinancing Notes that are secured by Collateral shall be subject to the 
provisions of a Permitted Pari Passu Intercreditor Agreement or a Permitted 
Junior Intercreditor Agreement, as applicable.

“Refinancing Term Loans” shall have the meaning assigned to such term in 
Section 2.21(j).

“Register” shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 
9.04(b)(iv).

“Regulation T” shall mean Regulation T of the Board as from time to time in 
effect and all official rulings and interpretations thereunder or thereof.

“Regulation U” shall mean Regulation U of the Board as from time to time in 
effect and all official rulings and interpretations thereunder or thereof.

“Regulation X” shall mean Regulation X of the Board as from time to time in 
effect and all official rulings and interpretations thereunder or thereof.

“Related Fund” shall mean, with respect to any Lender that is a fund that 
invests in bank or commercial loans and similar extensions of credit, any 
other fund that invests in bank or commercial loans and similar extensions 
of credit and is advised or managed by (a) such Lender, (b) an Affiliate of 
such Lender or (c) an entity (or an Affiliate of such entity) that 
administers, advises or manages such Lender.

“Related Parties” shall mean, with respect to any specified person, such 
person’s Affiliates and the respective directors, trustees, officers, 
employees, agents and advisors of such person and such person’s Affiliates.

“Related Sections” shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 
6.04.

“Release” shall mean any spilling, leaking, seepage, pumping, pouring, 
emitting, emptying, discharging, injecting, escaping, leaching, dumping, 
disposing, depositing, emanating or migrating in, into, onto or through the 
environment.

“Replacement L/C Issuer” means, with respect to any Replacement Revolving 
Facility, any Replacement Revolving Lender thereunder from time to time 
designated by the applicable Borrower as the Replacement L/C Issuer under 
such Replacement Revolving Facility with the consent of such Replacement 
Revolving Lender and the Administrative Agent.

“Replacement L/C Obligations” means, as at any date of determination with 
respect to any Replacement Revolving Facility, the aggregate amount 
available to be drawn under all outstanding Replacement Letters of Credit 
plus the aggregate of all Unreimbursed Amounts, including all L/C 
Borrowings, under such Replacement Revolving Facility. For all
 
61

------------------------------------------------------------------------
purposes of this Agreement, if on any date of determination a Replacement 
Letter of Credit has expired by its terms but any amount may still be drawn 
thereunder by reason of the operation of Rule 3.14 of the ISP, such 
Replacement Letter of Credit shall be deemed to be “outstanding” in the 
amount so remaining available to be drawn.

“Replacement Letter of Credit” means any letter of credit issued pursuant 
to a Replacement Revolving Facility.

“Replacement Revolving Credit Percentage” means, as to any Replacement 
Revolving Lender at any time under any Replacement Revolving Facility, the 
percentage which such Lender’s Replacement Revolving Facility Commitment 
under such Replacement Revolving Facility then constitutes of the aggregate 
Replacement Revolving Facility Commitments under such Replacement Revolving 
Facility (or, at any time after such Replacement Revolving Facility 
Commitments shall have expired or terminated, the percentage which the 
aggregate amount of such Lender’s Replacement Revolving Facility Credit 
Exposure then outstanding pursuant to such Replacement Revolving Facility 
constitutes of the amount of the aggregate Replacement Revolving Facility 
Credit Exposure then outstanding pursuant to such Replacement Revolving 
Facility).

“Replacement Revolving Facility” shall mean each Class of Replacement 
Revolving Facility Commitments and the extensions of credit made hereunder 
by the Replacement Revolving Lenders.

“Replacement Revolving Facility Credit Exposure” shall mean, at any time, 
the sum of (a) the aggregate Outstanding Amount of the Replacement 
Revolving Loans at such time, (b) the Outstanding Amount of Replacement 
Swingline Loans at such time and (c) the Outstanding Amount of the 
Replacement L/C Obligations at such time. The Replacement Revolving 
Facility Credit Exposure of any Replacement Revolving Lender at any time 
shall be the product of (x) such Replacement Revolving Lender’s Replacement 
Revolving Credit Percentage of the applicable Class and (y) the aggregate 
Replacement Revolving Facility Credit Exposure of such Class of all 
Replacement Revolving Lenders, collectively, at such time.

“Replacement Revolving Facility Effective Date” shall have the meaning 
assigned to such term in Section 2.21(l).

“Replacement Revolving Lender” shall have the meaning assigned to such term 
in Section 2.21(m).

“Replacement Revolving Loans” shall have the meaning assigned to such term 
in Section 2.21(l).

“Replacement Swingline Loans” means any swingline loan made to any Borrower 
pursuant to a Replacement Revolving Facility.

“Reportable Event” shall mean any reportable event as defined in Section 
4043(c) of ERISA or the regulations issued thereunder, other than those 
events as to which the 30-day notice period referred to in Section 4043(c) 
of ERISA has been waived, with respect to a Plan (other than a Plan 
maintained by an ERISA Affiliate that is considered an ERISA Affiliate only 
pursuant to subsection (m) or (o) of Section 414 of the Code).
 
62

------------------------------------------------------------------------
“Required Lenders” shall mean, at any time, Lenders having Term Loans and 
Commitments (and, if the Revolving Facility Commitments under any Revolving 
Facility have been terminated, Revolving Facility Credit Exposures under 
such Revolving Facility) that, taken together, represent more than 50% of 
the sum of all Term Loans and Commitments (and, if the Revolving Facility 
Commitments have been terminated, Revolving Facility Credit Exposures) at 
such time. The Loans, Commitments and Revolving Facility Credit Exposures 
of any Defaulting Lender shall be disregarded in determining Required 
Lenders at any time.

“Required Percentage” shall mean, with respect to an Applicable Period, 
50%; provided, that (a) if the Senior Secured Leverage Ratio at the end of 
the Applicable Period is greater than 2.25:1.00 but less than or equal to 
2.75:1.00, such percentage shall be 25%, and (b) if the Senior Secured 
Leverage Ratio at the end of the Applicable Period is less than or equal to 
2.25:1.00, such percentage shall be 0%.

“Required Prepayment Date” shall have the meaning assigned to such term in 
Section 2.11(e).

“Requirement of Law” shall mean, as to any person, any law, treaty, rule, 
regulation, statute, order, ordinance, decree, judgment, consent decree, 
writ, injunction, settlement agreement or governmental requirement enacted, 
promulgated or imposed or entered into or agreed by any Governmental 
Authority, in each case applicable to or binding upon such person or any of 
its property or assets or to which such person or any of its property or 
assets is subject (including any Gaming Laws).

“Responsible Officer” of any person shall mean any executive officer or 
Financial Officer of such person and any other officer or similar official 
thereof responsible for the administration of the obligations of such 
person in respect of this Agreement.

“Restricted Payments” shall have the meaning assigned to such term in 
Section 6.06. The amount of any Restricted Payment made other than in the 
form of cash or cash equivalents shall be the fair market value thereof (as 
determined by the Borrowers in good faith).

“Retained Percentage” shall mean, with respect to any Excess Cash Flow 
Period, (a) 100% minus (b) the Required Percentage with respect to such 
Excess Cash Flow Period.

“Revolving Facility” shall mean the Revolving Facility Commitments of any 
Class and the extensions of credit made hereunder by the Revolving Facility 
Lenders of such Class and, for purposes of Section 9.08(b), shall refer to 
all such Revolving Facility Commitments as a single Class. As of the First 
Amendment Effective Date, there are two Revolving Facilities, the Revolving 
Facility consisting of the Initial Revolving Facility Commitments and the 
Revolving Facility consisting of the First Amendment Revolving Facility 
Commitments.

“Revolving Facility Borrowing” shall mean a Borrowing comprised of 
Revolving Facility Loans of the same Class.
 
63

------------------------------------------------------------------------
“Revolving Facility Commitment” shall mean, with respect to each Revolving 
Facility Lender, the commitment of such Revolving Facility Lender to make 
Revolving Facility Loans of a Class pursuant to Section 2.01(b), as such 
commitment may be (a) reduced from time to time pursuant to Section 2.08, 
(b) reduced or increased from time to time pursuant to assignments by or to 
such Lender under Section 9.04 or conversions of Revolving Facility 
Commitments of one Class to another under Section 2.04, and (c) increased 
(or replaced) as provided under Section 2.21. The initial amount of each 
Lender’s Revolving Facility Commitment of each Class as of the First 
Amendment Effective Date is set forth on Schedule 2.01I to the First 
Amendment, or in the Assignment and Acceptance or Incremental Assumption 
Agreement pursuant to which such Lender shall have assumed its Revolving 
Facility Commitment (or Incremental Revolving Facility Commitment), as 
applicable. The aggregate amount of the Lenders’ Revolving Facility 
Commitments on the date hereofFirst Amendment Effective Date are $269.5 
million. On the date hereof, there isare only one Class oftwo Classes of 
Revolving Facility Commitments, the Initial Revolving Facility Commitments 
and the First Amendment Revolving Facility Commitments. After the date 
hereofFirst Amendment Effective Date, additional Classes of Revolving 
Facility Commitments may be added or created pursuant to Incremental 
Assumption Agreements.

“Revolving Facility Credit Exposure” shall mean, with respect to any Class 
of Revolving Facility Commitments, at any time, the sum of (a) the 
aggregate Outstanding Amount of the Revolving Facility Loans of such Class 
at such time, (b) the Outstanding Amount of Swingline Loans of such Class 
at such time and (c) the Outstanding Amount of the L/C Obligations of such 
Class at such time. The Revolving Facility Credit Exposure of any Revolving 
Facility Lender under any Revolving Facility at any time shall be the 
product of (x) such Revolving Facility Lender’s Revolving Facility 
Percentage under such Revolving Facility and (y) the aggregate Revolving 
Facility Credit Exposure under such Revolving Facility of all Revolving 
Facility Lenders, collectively, at such time.

“Revolving Facility Lender” shall mean a Lender (including an Incremental 
Revolving Facility Lender) with a Revolving Facility Commitment or with 
outstanding Revolving Facility Loans.

“Revolving Facility Loan” shall mean a Loan made by a Revolving Facility 
Lender pursuant to Section 2.01(b) or Section 2.21.

“Revolving Facility Maturity Date” shall mean, as the context may require, 
(a) with respect to the Revolving Facility in effect on the Closing Date
consisting of the Initial Revolving Facility Commitments, October 11, 2018 
and, (b) and with respect to the Revolving Facility consisting of the First 
Amendment Revolving Facility Commitments, October 11, 2018 (c) with respect 
to any other Classes of Revolving Facility Commitments, the maturity dates 
specified therefor in the applicable Incremental Assumption Agreement.

“Revolving Facility Percentage” shall mean, with respect to any Revolving 
Facility Lender of any Class, the percentage of the total Revolving 
Facility Commitments of such Class represented by such Lender’s Revolving 
Facility Commitment of such Class. If the Revolving Facility Commitments of 
such Class have terminated or expired, the Revolving Facility Percentages 
of such Class shall be determined based upon the Revolving Facility 
Commitments of such Class most recently in effect, giving effect to any 
assignments pursuant to Section 9.04.
 
64

------------------------------------------------------------------------
“S&P” shall mean Standard & Poor’s Ratings Group, Inc.

“Sale and Lease-Back Transaction” shall have the meaning assigned to such 
term in Section 6.03.

“Same Day Funds” means with respect to disbursements and payments in 
Dollars, immediately available funds.

“SEC” shall mean the Securities and Exchange Commission or any successor 
thereto.

“Second Lien Intercreditor Agreement” shall mean the Second Lien 
Intercreditor Agreement substantially in the form of Exhibit P, dated as of 
the Closing Date, by and among Citibank, as Credit Agreement Agent (as 
defined therein), U.S. Bank National Association, as Initial Other First 
Priority Lien Obligations Agent (as defined therein), each Other First 
Priority Lien Obligations Agent (as defined therein) and U.S. Bank National 
Association, as trustee and collateral agent and each representative of any 
Other Second Lien Obligations (as defined therein), as such document may be 
amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time.

“Second Priority Liens” shall mean (a) Liens that are “Second Priority 
Liens” (as defined in the Second Lien Intercreditor Agreement) and (b) 
other Liens (other than Liens securing the Obligations) that are 
subordinated to the Liens securing the Obligations pursuant to, and 
otherwise subject to the terms of a Permitted Junior Intercreditor 
Agreement.

“Second Priority Senior Secured Notes” shall mean the $1,150.0 million in 
aggregate principal amount of the 11% Second Priority Senior Secured Notes 
due 2021 issued pursuant to the Second Priority Senior Secured Notes 
Indenture and any notes issued by the Borrowers in exchange for, and as 
contemplated by, the Second Priority Senior Secured Notes and the related 
registration rights agreement with substantially identical terms as the 
Second Priority Senior Secured Notes.

“Second Priority Senior Secured Notes Documents” shall mean the Second 
Priority Senior Secured Notes and the Second Priority Senior Secured Notes 
Indenture.

“Second Priority Senior Secured Notes Indenture” shall mean the Indenture, 
dated as of October 11, 2013, among the Borrowers, as issuers, the 
subsidiary guarantors party thereto from time to time and U.S. Bank 
National Association, as trustee, as amended, restated, supplemented or 
otherwise modified from time to time.

“Secured Cash Management Agreement” shall mean any Cash Management 
Agreement that is entered into by and between any Loan Party and any Cash 
Management Bank to the extent that such Cash Management Agreement is not 
otherwise designated in writing by the applicable Borrower and the 
applicable Cash Management Bank to the Administrative Agent to not be 
included as a Secured Cash Management Agreement.
 
65

------------------------------------------------------------------------
“Secured Swap Agreement” shall mean any Swap Agreement that is entered into 
by and between any Loan Party and any Hedge Bank to the extent that such 
Swap Agreement is not otherwise designated in writing by the applicable 
Borrower and the applicable Hedge Bank to the Administrative Agent to not 
be included as a Secured Swap Agreement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, for 
all purposes of the Loan Documents, any Guarantee of, or grant of any Lien 
to secure, any obligations in respect of a Secured Swap Agreement by a Loan 
Party shall not include any Excluded Swap Obligations.

“Secured Parties” shall mean, collectively, the Administrative Agent, the 
Collateral Agent, each Lender, each L/C Issuer, each Hedge Bank that is 
party to any Secured Swap Agreement, each Cash Management Bank that is 
party to any Secured Cash Management Agreement and each sub-agent 
appointed pursuant to Section 8.02 by the Administrative Agent with respect 
to matters relating to the Loan Documents or by the Collateral Agent with 
respect to matters relating to any Security Document.

“Securities Act” shall mean the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.

“Security Documents” shall mean the Mortgages, the Collateral Agreement, 
the IP Security Agreements (as defined in the Collateral Agreement) and 
each of the security agreements and other instruments and documents 
executed and delivered pursuant to any of the foregoing or pursuant to 
Section 4.02, 5.10 or 5.11.

“Senior Secured Leverage Ratio” means, on any date, the ratio of (a) Total 
First Lien Senior Secured Net Debt as of the last day of the Test Period 
most recently ended as of such date to (b) EBITDA for the Test Period most 
recently ended as of such date, all determined on a combined or 
consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP; provided, that the Senior 
Secured Leverage Ratio shall be determined for the relevant Test Period on 
a Pro Forma Basis; provided, further, however, that for purposes of 
calculating the Senior Secured Leverage Ratio from and after any Covenant 
Resumption Date, (i) EBITDA for the fiscal quarter in which the relevant 
Qualifying Act of Terrorism shall have occurred, (ii) EBITDA for any fiscal 
quarter following such quarter referred to in clause (i) in which a 
Material Disruption existed and (iii) EBITDA for the next succeeding fiscal 
quarter after the latest quarter to occur of any quarter referred to in 
clause (i) or (ii) shall, in each case, be the greater of (1) Substituted 
EBITDA and (2) actual EBITDA for such quarter. For the purposes of the 
foregoing, “Substituted EBITDA” shall mean the EBITDA for the fiscal 
quarter immediately preceding the fiscal quarter referred to in clause (i) 
of the previous sentence, in each case subject to customary seasonal 
adjustments (as determined in good faith by the Company and set forth in a 
certificate of a Responsible Officer of the Company delivered to the 
Administrative Agent).

“Similar Business” shall mean any business, the majority of whose revenues 
are derived from (i) business or activities conducted by the Borrowers and 
the Subsidiaries on the Closing Date or (ii) any business that is a natural 
outgrowth or reasonable extension, development or expansion of any such 
business or any business similar, reasonably related, incidental, 
complementary or ancillary to any of the foregoing.

“Special Purpose Receivables Subsidiary” shall mean (i) a direct or 
indirect Subsidiary of any Borrower established in connection with a 
Permitted Receivables Financing
 
66

------------------------------------------------------------------------
for the acquisition of Receivables Assets or interests therein, and which 
is organized in a manner intended to reduce the likelihood that it would be 
substantively consolidated with any Borrower or any of the Subsidiaries 
(other than Special Purpose Receivables Subsidiaries) in the event any 
Borrower or any such Subsidiary becomes subject to a proceeding under the 
U.S. Bankruptcy Code (or other insolvency law) and (ii) any Subsidiary of a 
Special Purpose Receivables Subsidiary.

“Sponsor” shall mean (i) Apollo and each Affiliate of Apollo (but not 
including, however, any of its portfolio companies), (ii) TPG and each 
Affiliate of TPG (but not including, however, any of its portfolio 
companies), and (iii) any individual who is a partner or employee of Apollo 
Management, L.P., Apollo, the Texas Pacific Group or TPG, to the extent 
such individual is licensed by a relevant Gaming Authority on the Closing 
Date or thereafter replaces any such licensee.

“Spot Rate” for a currency shall mean the rate determined by the 
Administrative Agent or the L/C Issuer, as applicable, to be the rate 
quoted by the person acting in such capacity as the spot rate for the 
purchase by such person of such currency with another currency through its 
principal foreign exchange trading office at approximately 11:00 a.m., 
Local Time on the date two Business Days prior to the date as of which the 
foreign exchange computation is made or if such rate cannot be competed as 
of such date such other date as the Administrative Agent or the L/C Issuer 
shall reasonably determine is appropriate under the circumstances; 
provided that the Administrative Agent or the L/C Issuer may obtain such 
spot rate from another financial institution designated by the 
Administrative Agent or the L/C Issuer if the person acting in such 
capacity does not have as of the date of determination a spot buying rate 
for any such currency.

“Statutory Reserves” shall mean the aggregate of the maximum reserve 
percentages (including any marginal, special, emergency or supplemental 
reserves) expressed as a decimal established by the Board and any other 
banking authority, domestic or foreign, to which the Administrative Agent 
or any Lender (including any branch, Affiliate or other fronting office 
making or holding a Loan) is subject for Eurocurrency Liabilities (as 
defined in Regulation D of the Board). Eurodollar Loans shall be deemed to 
constitute Eurocurrency Liabilities (as defined in Regulation D of the 
Board) and to be subject to such reserve requirements without benefit of or 
credit for proration, exemptions or offsets that may be available from time 
to time to any Lender under such Regulation D. Statutory Reserves shall be 
adjusted automatically on and as of the effective date of any change in any 
reserve percentage.

“Subordinated Intercompany Debt” shall have the meaning assigned to such 
term in Section 6.01(e).

“subsidiary” shall mean, with respect to any person (herein referred to as 
the “parent”), any corporation, partnership, association or other business 
entity (a) of which securities or other ownership interests representing 
more than 50% of the equity or more than 50% of the ordinary voting power 
or more than 50% of the general partnership interests are, at the time any 
determination is being made, directly or indirectly, owned, Controlled or 
held, or (b) that is, at the time any determination is made, otherwise 
Controlled, by the parent or one or more subsidiaries of the parent or by 
the parent and one or more subsidiaries of the parent.
 
67

------------------------------------------------------------------------
“Subsidiary” shall mean, unless the context otherwise requires, a 
subsidiary of any of the Borrowers. Notwithstanding the foregoing (and 
except for purposes of the definition of Unrestricted Subsidiary contained 
herein), an Unrestricted Subsidiary shall be deemed not to be a Subsidiary 
of any Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries for purposes of this Agreement. 
For the avoidance of doubt, a Borrower that is also a Subsidiary of a 
Borrower shall be a Subsidiary hereunder.

“Subsidiary Guarantee Agreement” shall mean the Subsidiary Guarantee 
Agreement substantially in the form of Exhibit N, dated as of the Closing 
Date, by and between each Subsidiary Loan Party and the Collateral Agent, 
as amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time.

“Subsidiary Loan Party” shall mean (a) each Wholly-Owned Domestic 
Subsidiary of a Borrower on the Closing Date that is set forth on Schedule 
1.01(C) and (b) each other Wholly-Owned Domestic Subsidiary of a Borrower 
(that is not an Excluded Subsidiary) that becomes, or is required pursuant 
to Section 5.10 to become, a party to the Subsidiary Guarantee Agreement 
and the Collateral Agreement after the Closing Date.

“Subsidiary Redesignation” shall have the meaning provided in the 
definition of “Unrestricted Subsidiary” contained in this Section 1.01.

“Swap Agreement” shall mean any agreement with respect to any swap, 
forward, future or derivative transaction or option or similar agreement 
involving, or settled by reference to, one or more rates, currencies, 
commodities, equity or debt instruments or securities, or economic, 
financial or pricing indices or measures of economic, financial or pricing 
risk or value, or credit spread transaction, repurchase transaction, 
reserve repurchase transaction, securities lending transaction, weather 
index transaction, spot contracts, fixed price physical delivery contracts, 
or any similar transaction or any combination of these transactions, in 
each case of the foregoing, whether or not exchange traded; provided, that 
no phantom stock or similar plan providing for payments only on account of 
services provided by current or former directors, officers, employees or 
consultants of any Borrower or any of the Subsidiaries shall be a Swap 
Agreement.

“Swap Obligation” means, with respect to any Guarantor, any obligation to 
pay or perform under any agreement, contract or transaction that 
constitutes a “swap” within the meaning of Section 1a(47) of the Commodity 
Exchange Act.

“Swingline Borrowing” shall mean a Borrowing comprised of Swingline Loans.

“Swingline Borrowing Request” shall mean a request by a Borrower 
substantially in the form of Exhibit C.

“Swingline Commitment” shall mean, with respect to each Swingline Lender, 
the commitment of such Swingline Lender to make Swingline Loans pursuant to 
Section 2.04. The aggregate amount of the Swingline Commitments on the 
Closing Date is $50.0 million. The Swingline Commitment is part of, and not 
in addition to, the Revolving Facility Commitments. A Swingline Borrowing 
under the Swingline Commitments may be made under any Revolving Facility.
 
68

------------------------------------------------------------------------
“Swingline Lender” shall mean Citibank, in its capacity as a lender of 
Swingline Loans and its successors in such capacity and each other 
Swingline Lender designated pursuant to Section 2.04(g), in each case in 
its capacity as a lender of Swingline Loans hereunder and its successors in 
such capacity. In the event that there is more than one Swingline Lender at 
any time, references herein and in the other Loan Documents to the 
Swingline Lender shall be deemed to refer to the Swingline Lender in 
respect of the applicable Swingline Loan or to all Swingline Lenders, as 
the context requires.

“Swingline Loans” shall mean the swingline loans made to a Borrower 
pursuant to Section 2.04.

“Syndication Agents” shall mean Citicorp North America, Inc., J.P. Morgan 
Securities LLC, Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated, Credit 
Suisse AG, Deutsche Bank Securities Inc., Goldman Sachs Bank USA, Morgan 
Stanley Senior Funding, Inc., MIHI LLC and UBS Securities LLC, in their 
capacities as co-syndication agents for this Agreement.

“Taxes” shall mean all present or future taxes, levies, imposts, duties 
(including stamp duties), deductions, withholdings or similar charges 
(including ad valorem charges) imposed by any Governmental Authority, and 
all interest, additions to tax and penalties related thereto.

“Term B Borrowing” shall mean any Borrowing comprised of Term B Loans.

“Term B Facility” shall mean the Term B Loan Commitment and the Term B 
Loans made hereunder.

“Term B Facility Maturity Date” shall mean October 11, 2020.

“Term B Loan Commitment” shall mean, with respect to each Lender, the 
commitment of such Lender to make Term B Loans hereunder. The amount of 
each Lender’s Term B Loan Commitment as of the Closing Date is set forth on 
Schedule 2.01. The aggregate amount of the Term B Loan Commitments as of 
the Closing Date is $2,500.0 million.

“Term B Loan Installment Date” shall have the meaning assigned to such term 
in Section 2.10(a)(i).

“Term B Loans” shall mean (a) the term loans made by the Lenders to the 
Borrowers pursuant to Section 2.01(a), and (b) any Incremental Term Loans 
in the form of Term B Loans made by the Incremental Term Lenders to a 
Borrower pursuant to Section 2.01(c).

“Term Borrowing” shall mean any Term B Borrowing or any Incremental Term 
Borrowing.

“Term Closing Fee” shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 
2.12(d).
 
69

------------------------------------------------------------------------
“Term Facility” shall mean the Term B Facility and/or any or all of the 
Incremental Term Facilities.

“Term Facility Maturity Date” shall mean, as the context may require, (a) 
with respect to the Term B Facility in effect on the Closing Date, the Term 
B Facility Maturity Date and (b) with respect to any other Class of Term 
Loans, the maturity dates specified therefor in the applicable Incremental 
Assumption Agreement.

“Term Loan Commitment” shall mean any Term B Loan Commitment or any 
Incremental Term Loan Commitment.

“Term Loan Installment Date” shall mean any Term B Loan Installment Date or 
any Incremental Term Loan Installment Date.

“Term Loans” shall mean the Term B Loans and/or any or all of the 
Incremental Term Loans made pursuant to Section 2.21.

“Termination Date” shall mean the date on which (a) all Commitments shall 
have been terminated, (b) the principal of and interest on each Loan, all 
Fees and all other Loan Obligations shall have been paid in full (other 
than in respect of contingent indemnification and expense reimbursement 
claims not then due) and (c) all Letters of Credit (other than those that 
have been Cash Collateralized) have been cancelled or have expired and all 
amounts drawn or paid thereunder have been reimbursed in full.

“Test Period” shall mean, on any date of determination, the period of four 
consecutive fiscal quarters of the Borrowers then most recently ended 
(taken as one accounting period) for which financial statements have been 
(or were required to be) delivered pursuant to Section 5.04(a) or 5.04(b) 
and, initially, the four fiscal quarter period ending June 30, 2013.

“Total First Lien Senior Secured Net Debt” at any date shall mean (i) the 
aggregate principal amount of Consolidated Debt of the Borrowers and the 
Subsidiaries outstanding at such date that consists of, without 
duplication, Indebtedness (other than Qualified Non-Recourse Debt) that in 
each case is then secured by first-priority Liens on property or assets of 
the Borrowers or their Subsidiaries (other than property or assets held in 
defeasance or similar trust or arrangement for the benefit of Indebtedness 
secured thereby), less (ii) without duplication, the aggregate amount of 
all Unrestricted Cash and Permitted Investments of the Borrowers and the 
Subsidiaries on such date.

“Total Senior Secured Net Debt” at any date shall mean (i) the aggregate 
principal amount of Consolidated Debt of the Borrowers and the Subsidiaries 
outstanding at such date that consists of, without duplication, 
Indebtedness (other than Qualified Non-Recourse Debt) that in each case is 
then secured by Liens on property or assets of the Borrowers or their 
Subsidiaries (other than property or assets held in defeasance or similar 
trust or arrangement for the benefit of Indebtedness secured thereby), less 
(ii) without duplication, the aggregate amount of all Unrestricted Cash and 
Permitted Investments of the Borrowers and the Subsidiaries on such date.

“Total Leverage Ratio” shall mean, on any date, the ratio of (a) Total Net 
Debt as of the last day of the Test Period most recently ended as of such 
date to (b) EBITDA for the Test
 
70

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Period most recently ended as of such date, all determined on a combined or 
consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP; provided that the Total 
Leverage Ratio shall be determined for the relevant Test Period on a Pro 
Forma Basis; provided, further, however, that for purposes of calculating 
the Total Leverage Ratio from and after any Covenant Resumption Date, (i) 
EBITDA for the fiscal quarter in which the relevant Qualifying Act of 
Terrorism shall have occurred, (ii) EBITDA for any fiscal quarter following 
such quarter referred to in clause (i) in which a Material Disruption 
existed and (iii) EBITDA for the next succeeding fiscal quarter after the 
latest quarter to occur of any quarter referred to in clause (i) or (ii) 
shall, in each case, be the greater of (1) Substituted EBITDA and (2) 
actual EBITDA for such quarter. For the purposes of the foregoing, 
“Substituted EBITDA” shall mean the EBITDA for the fiscal quarter 
immediately preceding the fiscal quarter referred to in clause (i) of the 
previous sentence, in each case subject to customary seasonal adjustments 
(as determined in good faith by the Company and set forth in a certificate 
of a Responsible Officer of the Company delivered to the Administrative 
Agent).

“Total Secured Leverage Ratio” shall mean, on any date, the ratio of (a) 
Total Senior Secured Net Debt as of the last day of the Test Period most 
recently ended as of such date to (b) EBITDA for the Test Period most 
recently ended as of such date, all determined on a combined or 
consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP; provided that the Total Secured 
Leverage Ratio shall be determined for the relevant Test Period on a Pro 
Forma Basis; provided, further, however, that for purposes of calculating 
the Total Secured Leverage Ratio from and after any Covenant Resumption 
Date, (i) EBITDA for the fiscal quarter in which the relevant Qualifying 
Act of Terrorism shall have occurred, (ii) EBITDA for any fiscal quarter 
following such quarter referred to in clause (i) in which a Material 
Disruption existed and (iii) EBITDA for the next succeeding fiscal quarter 
after the latest quarter to occur of any quarter referred to in clause (i) 
or (ii) shall, in each case, be the greater of (1) Substituted EBITDA and 
(2) actual EBITDA for such quarter. For the purposes of the foregoing, 
“Substituted EBITDA” shall mean the EBITDA for the fiscal quarter 
immediately preceding the fiscal quarter referred to in clause (i) of the 
previous sentence, in each case subject to customary seasonal adjustments 
(as determined in good faith by the Company and set forth in a certificate 
of a Responsible Officer of the Company delivered to the Administrative 
Agent).

“Total Net Debt” at any date shall mean (i) the aggregate principal amount 
of Consolidated Debt (other than Qualified Non-Recourse Debt) of the 
Borrowers and the Subsidiaries outstanding at such date, less (ii) without 
duplication, the aggregate amount of all Unrestricted Cash and Permitted 
Investments of the Borrowers and the Subsidiaries on such date.

“TPG” shall mean, collectively, TPG Partners V, L.P. and other affiliated 
co-investment partnerships.

“Transaction Documents” shall mean the Loan Documents, the First Priority 
Senior Secured Notes Documents and the Second Priority Senior Secured Notes 
Documents.

“Transaction Expenses” shall mean any fees or expenses incurred or paid by 
any Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries or any of their Affiliates in 
connection with the Transactions, this Agreement and the other Loan 
Documents, the First Priority Senior Secured Notes Documents, the Second 
Priority Senior Secured Notes Documents and the transactions contemplated 
hereby and thereby.
 
71

------------------------------------------------------------------------
“Transactions” shall mean, collectively, (a) the execution, delivery and 
performance of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, the creation of 
the Liens pursuant to the Security Documents, and the borrowings and other 
extensions of credit hereunder; (b) the refinancing or repayment of the 
Existing Facilities, (c) the sale and issuance of the First Priority Senior 
Secured Notes and the Second Priority Senior Secured Notes, (d) the 
transactions described under “Summary – Recent Developments” in the Notes 
Offering Memorandum (other than the Post-Closing Restructuring 
Transactions), and (e) the payment of all fees and expenses in connection 
therewith to be paid on, prior or subsequent to the Closing Date.

“Type” shall mean, when used in respect of any Loan or Borrowing, the rate 
by reference to which interest on such Loan or on the Loans comprising such 
Borrowing is determined. For purposes hereof, the term “Rate” shall include 
the Adjusted Eurocurrency Rate and the ABR.

“Undeveloped Land” shall mean, (i) all Real Property set forth on Schedule 
1.01(D), (ii) all undeveloped land acquired after the Closing Date and 
(iii) any operating property of any Borrower or any Subsidiary that is 
subject to a casualty event that results in such property ceasing to be 
operational.

“Unfunded Pension Liability” shall mean, as of the most recent valuation 
date for the applicable Plan, the excess of (1) the Plan’s actuarial 
present value (determined on the basis of reasonable assumptions employed 
by the independent actuary for such Plan for purposes of Section 412 of the 
Code or Section 302 of ERISA) of its benefit liabilities (as defined in 
Section 4001(a)(16) of ERISA) over (2) the fair market value of the assets 
of such Plan.

“Uniform Commercial Code” shall mean the Uniform Commercial Code as the 
same may from time to time be in effect in the State of New York or the 
Uniform Commercial Code (or similar code or statute) of another 
jurisdiction, to the extent it may be required to apply to any item or 
items of Collateral.

“Unreimbursed Amount” shall have the meaning assigned to such term in 
Section 2.05(c).

“Unrestricted Cash” shall mean cash or cash equivalents of the Borrowers or 
the Subsidiaries that would not appear as “restricted” on a combined or 
consolidated balance sheet of the Borrowers and the Subsidiaries, including 
without limitation all “cage cash.”

“Unrestricted Subsidiary” shall mean (1) any Subsidiary of a Borrower 
identified on Schedule 1.01(E), (2) any other Subsidiary of a Borrower, 
whether now owned or acquired or created after the Closing Date, that is 
designated by the Company as an Unrestricted Subsidiary hereunder after the 
Closing Date by written notice to the Administrative Agent; provided, that 
the Company shall only be permitted to so designate a new Unrestricted 
Subsidiary after the Closing Date and so long as (a) no Default or Event of 
Default has occurred and is continuing or would result therefrom, (b) 
immediately after giving effect to such designation, the Borrowers shall be 
in Pro Forma Compliance, (c) such Unrestricted Subsidiary shall be 
capitalized (to the extent capitalized by a Borrower or any of its 
Subsidiaries) through Investments as permitted by,
 
72

------------------------------------------------------------------------
and in compliance with, Section 6.04, (d) without duplication of clause 
(c), any assets owned by such Unrestricted Subsidiary at the time of the 
initial designation thereof shall be treated as Investments pursuant to 
Section 6.04, and (e) such Subsidiary shall have been or will promptly be 
designated an “unrestricted subsidiary” (or otherwise not be subject to the 
covenants) under the First Priority Senior Secured Notes Indenture, the 
Second Priority Senior Secured Notes Indenture and all Permitted 
Refinancing Indebtedness in respect thereof constituting Material 
Indebtedness and (3) any subsidiary of an Unrestricted Subsidiary. The 
Company may designate any Unrestricted Subsidiary to be a Subsidiary for 
purposes of this Agreement (each, a “Subsidiary Redesignation”); provided, 
that (i) no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or 
would result therefrom and (ii) the Company shall have delivered to the 
Administrative Agent an officer’s certificate executed by a Responsible 
Officer of the Company, certifying to the best of such officer’s knowledge, 
compliance with the requirements of preceding clause (i).

“U.S. Bankruptcy Code” shall mean Title 11 of the United States Code, as 
amended, or any similar federal or state law for the relief of debtors.

“USA PATRIOT Act” shall mean the Uniting and Strengthening America by 
Providing Appropriate Tools Required to Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism 
Act of 2001 (Title III of Pub. L. No. 107-56 (signed into law October 26, 
2001)).

“Venue Documents” shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 
6.05(p).

“Venue Easements” shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 
6.05(p).

“Waivable Mandatory Prepayment” shall have the meaning assigned to such 
term in Section 2.11(e).

“Wholly-Owned Domestic Subsidiary” of any person shall mean a Domestic 
Subsidiary of such person that is a Wholly-Owned Subsidiary.

“Wholly-Owned Subsidiary” of any person shall mean a subsidiary of such 
person, all of the Equity Interests of which (other than directors’ 
qualifying shares or nominee or other similar shares required pursuant to 
applicable law) are owned by such person or another Wholly-Owned Subsidiary 
of such person.

“Withdrawal Liability” shall mean liability to a Multiemployer Plan as a 
result of a complete or partial withdrawal from such Multiemployer Plan, as 
such terms are defined in Part I of Subtitle E of Title IV of ERISA.

“Working Capital” shall mean, with respect to the Borrowers and the 
Subsidiaries on a combined or consolidated basis at any date of 
determination, Current Assets at such date of determination minus Current 
Liabilities at such date of determination; provided, that, for purposes of 
calculating Excess Cash Flow, increases or decreases in Working Capital 
shall be calculated without regard to any changes in Current Assets or 
Current Liabilities as a result of (a) any reclassification in accordance 
with GAAP of assets or liabilities, as applicable, between current and 
noncurrent or (b) the effects of purchase accounting.
 
73

------------------------------------------------------------------------
“Write-Down and Conversion Powers” shall mean, with respect to any EEA 
Resolution Authority, the write-down and conversion powers of such EEA 
Resolution Authority from time to time under the Bail-In Legislation for 
the applicable EEA Member Country, which write-down and conversion powers 
are described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule.

SECTION 1.02.    Terms Generally. The definitions set forth or referred to 
in Section 1.01 shall apply equally to both the singular and plural forms 
of the terms defined. Whenever the context may require, any pronoun shall 
include the corresponding masculine, feminine and neuter forms. The words 
“include,” “includes” and “including” shall be deemed to be followed by the 
phrase “without limitation.” All references herein to Articles, Sections, 
Exhibits and Schedules shall be deemed references to Articles and Sections 
of, and Exhibits and Schedules to, this Agreement unless the context shall 
otherwise require. Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, any 
reference in this Agreement to any Loan Document shall mean such document 
as amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time. 
Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, all terms of an accounting 
or financial nature shall be construed in accordance with GAAP, as in 
effect from time to time; provided, that, if the Company notifies the 
Administrative Agent that the Company requests an amendment to any 
provision hereof to eliminate the effect of any change occurring after the 
Closing Date in GAAP or in the application thereof on the operation of such 
provision (or if the Administrative Agent notifies the Company that the 
Required Lenders request an amendment to any provision hereof for such 
purpose), regardless of whether any such notice is given before or after 
such change in GAAP or in the application thereof, then such provision 
shall be interpreted on the basis of GAAP as in effect and applied 
immediately before such change shall have become effective until such 
notice shall have been withdrawn or such provision amended in accordance 
herewith.

SECTION 1.03.    Effectuation of Transactions. Each of the representations 
and warranties of the Borrowers contained in this Agreement (and all 
corresponding definitions) are made after giving effect to the Transactions 
as shall have taken place on or prior to the date of determination, unless 
the context otherwise requires.

SECTION 1.04.    Exchange Rates; Currency Equivalents.

(a)    Except for purposes of financial statements delivered by Loan 
Parties hereunder or calculating financial covenants hereunder or except as 
otherwise provided herein, the applicable amount of any currency (other 
than Dollars) for purposes of the Loan Documents shall be such Dollar 
Equivalent amount as so determined by the Administrative Agent or the L/C 
Issuer, as applicable. No Default or Event of Default shall arise as a 
result of any limitation or threshold set forth in Dollars in Article VI or 
paragraph (f), (j) or (m) of Section 7.01 being exceeded solely as a result 
of changes in currency exchange rates from those rates applicable on the 
first day of the fiscal quarter in which such determination occurs or in 
respect of which such determination is being made.
 
74

------------------------------------------------------------------------
SECTION 1.05.    Times of Day. Unless otherwise specified, all references 
herein to times of day shall be references to Local Time.

SECTION 1.06.    Timing of Payment or Performance. Except as otherwise 
expressly provided herein, when the payment of any obligation or the 
performance of any covenant, duty or obligation is stated to be due or 
performance required on a day which is not a Business Day, the date of such 
payment or performance shall extend to the immediately succeeding Business 
Day.


ARTICLE II
The Credits

SECTION 2.01.    Commitments. Subject to the terms and conditions set forth 
herein:

(a)    each Lender with a Term B Loan Commitment agrees to make Term B 
Loans in Dollars to the Borrowers on the Closing Date in an aggregate 
principal amount not to exceed its Term B Loan Commitment,

(b)    each Lender with a Revolving Facility Commitment of a Class agrees 
to make Revolving Facility Loans of such Class to the Borrowers from time 
to time during the Availability Period for such Class of Revolving Facility 
in Dollars in an aggregate principal amount that will not result in (i) 
such Lender’s Revolving Facility Credit Exposure of such Class exceeding 
such Lender’s Revolving Facility Commitment of such Class and (ii) the 
Revolving Facility Credit Exposure of such Class exceeding the total 
Revolving Facility Commitments under such Class of Revolving Facility. 
Within the foregoing limits and subject to the terms and conditions set 
forth herein, the Borrowers may borrow, prepay and reborrow Revolving 
Facility Loans;

(c)    each Lender having an Incremental Term Loan Commitment agrees, 
subject to the terms and conditions set forth in the applicable Incremental 
Assumption Agreement, to make Incremental Term Loans to the Borrowers, in 
an aggregate principal amount not to exceed its Incremental Term Loan 
Commitment;

(d)    amounts borrowed under Section 2.01(a) and repaid or prepaid may not 
be reborrowed.

SECTION 2.02.    Loans and Borrowings.

(a)    Each Revolving Facility Loan and Term Loan shall be a joint and 
several obligation of each of the Borrowers. Each Revolving Facility Loan 
and Term Loan shall be made as part of a Borrowing consisting of Loans 
under the same Facility and of the same Class and Type made by the Lenders 
ratably in accordance with their respective Commitments under the 
applicable Facility (or, in the case of Swingline Loans, in accordance with 
their respective Swingline Commitments); provided, however, that Revolving 
Facility Loans of any Class shall be made by the Revolving Facility Lenders 
of such Class ratably in accordance with their respective Revolving 
Facility Percentages of such Class on the date such Loans are made 
hereunder. The failure of any Lender to make any Loan required to be made 
by it shall not
 
75

------------------------------------------------------------------------
relieve any other Lender of its obligations hereunder; provided, that the 
Commitments of the Lenders are several and no Lender shall be responsible 
for any other Lender’s failure to make Loans as required.

(b)    Subject to Section 2.14, each Borrowing of Revolving Facility Loans 
or Term Loans shall be comprised entirely of ABR Loans or Eurocurrency 
Loans as the applicable Borrower may request in accordance herewith. Each 
Lender at its option may make any ABR Loan or Eurocurrency Loan by causing 
any domestic or foreign branch or Affiliate of such Lender to make such 
Loan; provided, that any exercise of such option shall not affect the 
obligation of such Borrower to repay such Loan in accordance with the terms 
of this Agreement and such Lender shall not be entitled to any amounts 
payable under Section 2.15 or 2.17 solely in respect of increased costs 
resulting from such exercise and existing at the time of such exercise.

(c)    At the commencement of each Interest Period for any Eurocurrency 
Borrowing, such Borrowing shall be in an aggregate amount not less than the 
Borrowing Minimum and, in the case of a Eurocurrency Revolving Facility 
Borrowing, that is an integral multiple of the Borrowing Multiple. Subject 
to Section 2.04(c) and Section 2.05(c), at the time that each Term 
Borrowing or Revolving Facility Borrowing is made, such Borrowing shall be 
in an aggregate amount that is not less than the Borrowing Minimum and, in 
the case of a Eurocurrency Revolving Facility Borrowing, that is an 
integral multiple of the Borrowing Multiple; provided, that an ABR 
Revolving Facility Borrowing under any Revolving Facility may be in an 
aggregate amount that is equal to the entire unused balance of the 
Revolving Facility Commitments thereunder. Borrowings of more than one Type 
and under more than one Facility may be outstanding at the same time; 
provided, that there shall not at any time be more than a total of (i) 20 
Eurocurrency Borrowings outstanding under the Term Facilities and (ii) 20 
Eurocurrency Borrowings outstanding under the Revolving Facility.

SECTION 2.03.    Requests for Borrowings. (a) To request a Revolving 
Facility Borrowing and/or a Term Borrowing, the applicable Borrower shall 
notify the Administrative Agent of such request by telephone (a) in the 
case of a Eurocurrency Borrowing, not later than 10:00 a.m., Local Time, 
three Business Days before the date of any proposed Borrowing denominated 
in Dollars or (b) in the case of an ABR Borrowing, not later than 10:00 
a.m., Local Time, on the Business Day of the proposed Borrowing; provided, 
that, to request a Borrowing on the Closing Date, the applicable Borrower 
shall notify the Administrative Agent of such request by telephone not 
later than 5:00 p.m., Local Time, one Business Day prior to the Closing 
Date. Each such telephonic Borrowing Request shall be irrevocable and shall 
be confirmed promptly by hand delivery or electronic means to the 
Administrative Agent of a written Borrowing Request in a form approved by 
the Administrative Agent and signed by a Responsible Officer of the 
applicable Borrower. Each such telephonic and written Borrowing Request 
shall specify the following information in compliance with Section 2.02:

(i)    whether such Borrowing is to be a Borrowing of Revolving Facility 
Loans (and, if so, specifying the Class of Commitments under which such 
Borrowing is being made), Term B Loans, Other Term Loans, Refinancing Term 
Loans, Other Revolving Loans or Replacement Revolving Loans, as applicable;

(ii)    the aggregate amount of the requested Borrowing;
 
76

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(iii)    the date of such Borrowing, which shall be a Business Day;

(iv)    whether such Borrowing is to be an ABR Borrowing or a Eurocurrency 
Borrowing;

(v)    in the case of a Eurocurrency Borrowing, the initial Interest Period 
to be applicable thereto, which shall be a period contemplated by the 
definition of the term “Interest Period”; and

(vi)    the location and number of the applicable Borrower’s account to 
which funds are to be disbursed.

If no election as to the Type of Revolving Facility Borrowing or Term 
Borrowing is specified, then the requested Borrowing shall be an ABR 
Borrowing. If no Interest Period is specified with respect to any requested 
Eurocurrency Borrowing, then the applicable Borrower shall be deemed to 
have selected an Interest Period of one month’s duration. Promptly 
following receipt of a Borrowing Request in accordance with this Section, 
the Administrative Agent shall advise each applicable Lender of the details 
thereof and of the amount of such Lender’s Loan to be made as part of the 
requested Borrowing.

SECTION 2.04.    Swingline Loans.

(a)    The Swingline. Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, 
the Swingline Lender agrees, in reliance upon the agreements of the other 
Revolving Facility Lenders set forth in this Section 2.04, to make loans in 
Dollars under any Revolving Facility (each such loan, a “Swingline Loan”) 
to the Borrowers from time to time on any Business Day during the 
Availability Period for such Revolving Facility in an aggregate amount not 
to exceed at any time outstanding the amount of its Swingline Commitment, 
notwithstanding the fact that such Swingline Loans under such Revolving 
Facility, when aggregated with the Revolving Facility Percentage of the 
Outstanding Amount of Revolving Facility Loans and L/C Obligations under 
such Revolving Facility of the Revolving Facility Lender acting as 
Swingline Lender, may exceed the amount of such Lender’s Revolving Facility 
Commitment under such Revolving Facility; provided, however, that after 
giving effect to any Swingline Loan, (i) the Revolving Facility Credit 
Exposure of the applicable Class shall not exceed the total Revolving 
Facility Commitments under such Revolving Facility of such Class, and (ii) 
the aggregate Revolving Facility Credit Exposure of any Revolving Facility 
Lender of such Class (other than the Swingline Lender) shall not exceed 
such Revolving Facility Lender’s Revolving Facility Commitment of such 
Class, and provided, further, that the Swingline Lender shall not be 
required to make a Swingline Loan to refinance an outstanding Swingline 
Loan. Within the foregoing limits, and subject to the other terms and 
conditions hereof, any BorrowerBorrowers may borrow under this Section 
2.04, prepay under Section 2.11, and reborrow under this Section 2.04. Each 
Swingline Loan shall be an ABR Loan. Immediately upon the making of a 
Swingline Loan under any Revolving Facility, each Revolving Facility Lender 
under such Revolving Facility shall be deemed to, and hereby irrevocably 
and unconditionally agrees to, purchase from the Swingline Lender a risk 
participation in such Swingline Loan in an amount equal to the product of 
such Lender’s Revolving Facility Percentage under such Revolving Facility 
times the amount of such Swingline Loan.
 
77

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(b)    Borrowing Procedures. Each Swingline Borrowing shall be made upon a 
Borrower’s irrevocable notice to the Swingline Lender and the 
Administrative Agent, which may be given by telephone. Each such notice 
must be received by the Swingline Lender and the Administrative Agent not 
later than 1:00 p.m., Local Time, on the requested borrowing date, and 
shall specify (i) the amount to be borrowed and the Revolving Facility 
under which such borrowing is to occur, which shall be a minimum of 
$100,000, and (ii) the requested borrowing date, which shall be a Business 
Day. Each such telephonic notice must be confirmed promptly by delivery to 
the Swingline Lender and the Administrative Agent of a written Swingline 
Borrowing Request, appropriately completed and signed by a Responsible 
Officer of the applicable Borrower. Promptly after receipt by the Swingline 
Lender of any telephonic Swingline Loan request, the Swingline Lender will 
confirm with the Administrative Agent (by telephone or in writing) that the 
Administrative Agent has also received such Swingline Loan request and, if 
not, the Swingline Lender will notify the Administrative Agent (by 
telephone or in writing) of the contents thereof. Unless the Swingline 
Lender has received notice (by telephone or in writing) from the 
Administrative Agent (including at the request of any Lender) prior to 2:00 
p.m. on the date of the proposed Swingline Borrowing (A) directing the 
Swingline Lender not to make such Swingline Loan as a result of the 
limitations set forth in the proviso to the first sentence of Section 
2.04(a), or (B) that one or more of the applicable conditions specified in 
Section 4.01 is not then satisfied, then, subject to the terms and 
conditions hereof, the Swingline Lender will, not later than 3:00 p.m. 
Local Time, on the borrowing date specified in such Swingline Borrowing 
Request, make the amount of its Swingline Loan available to the applicable 
Borrower at the account of such Borrower specified in such Swingline 
Borrowing Request.

(c)    Refinancing of Swingline Loans.

(i)    The Swingline Lender at any time in its sole and absolute discretion 
may request, on behalf of the applicable Borrower (which hereby irrevocably 
authorizes the Swingline Lender to so request on its behalf), that each 
Revolving Facility Lender under the Revolving Facility pursuant to which 
such Swingline Loan was made make an ABR Revolving Loan in an amount equal 
to such Revolving Facility Lender’s Revolving Facility Percentage of the 
amount of Swingline Loans then outstanding under such Revolving Facility. 
Such request shall be made in writing (which written request shall be 
deemed to be a Borrowing Request for purposes hereof) and in accordance 
with the requirements of Section 2.02, without regard to the Borrowing 
Minimum and Borrowing Multiples, but subject to the unutilized portion of 
the Revolving Facility Commitments under such Revolving Facility and the 
conditions set forth in Section 4.01. The Swingline Lender shall furnish 
the applicable Borrower with a copy of the applicable Borrowing Request 
promptly after delivering such notice to the Administrative Agent. Each 
Revolving Facility Lender with a Revolving Facility Commitment under the 
applicable Revolving Facility shall make an amount equal to its Revolving 
Facility Percentage under the Revolving Facility pursuant to which such 
Swingline Loan was made of the amount specified in such Borrowing Request 
available to the Administrative Agent in Same Day Funds for the account of 
the Swingline Lender at the Administrative Agent’s Office for 
Dollar-denominated payments not later than 1:00 p.m. on the day specified 
in such Borrowing Request, whereupon, subject to Section 2.04(c)(ii), each 
Revolving Facility Lender that so makes funds available shall be deemed to 
have made an ABR Revolving Loan to the applicable Borrower in such amount 
under such Revolving Facility. The Administrative Agent shall remit the 
funds so received to the Swingline Lender.
 
78

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(ii)    If for any reason any Swingline Loan cannot be refinanced by such 
an ABR Revolving Facility Borrowing in accordance with Section 2.04(c)(i), 
the request for ABR Revolving Loans submitted by the Swingline Lender as 
set forth herein shall be deemed to be a request by the Swingline Lender 
that each of the Revolving Facility Lenders under such Revolving Facility 
fund its risk participation in the relevant Swingline Loan and each 
Revolving Facility Lender’s payment to the Administrative Agent for the 
account of the Swingline Lender pursuant to Section 2.04(c)(i) shall be 
deemed payment in respect of such participation.

(iii)    If any Revolving Facility Lender under the applicable Revolving 
Facility fails to make available to the Administrative Agent for the 
account of the Swingline Lender any amount required to be paid by such 
Revolving Facility Lender pursuant to the foregoing provisions of this 
Section 2.04(c) by the time specified in Section 2.04(c)(i), the Swingline 
Lender shall be entitled to recover from such Revolving Facility Lender 
(acting through the Administrative Agent), on demand, such amount with 
interest thereon for the period from the date such payment is required to 
the date on which such payment is immediately available to the Swingline 
Lender at a rate per annum equal to the applicable Overnight Rate from time 
to time in effect, plus any administrative, processing or similar fees 
customarily charged by the Swingline Lender in connection with the 
foregoing. If such Revolving Facility Lender pays such amount (with 
interest and fees as aforesaid), the amount so paid shall constitute such 
Lender’s ABR Revolving Loan included in the relevant ABR Revolving Facility 
Borrowing or funded participation in the relevant Swingline Loan, as the 
case may be. A certificate of the Swingline Lender submitted to any 
Revolving Facility Lender (through the Administrative Agent) with respect 
to any amounts owing under this clause (iii) shall be conclusive absent 
manifest error.

(iv)    Each Revolving Facility Lender’s obligation to make ABR Revolving 
Loans or to purchase and fund risk participations in Swingline Loans 
pursuant to this Section 2.04(c) shall be absolute and unconditional and 
shall not be affected by any circumstance, including (A) any setoff, 
counterclaim, recoupment, defense or other right which such Lender may have 
against the Swingline Lender, any Borrower or any other person for any 
reason whatsoever, (B) the occurrence or continuance of a Default, or (C) 
any other occurrence, event or condition, whether or not similar to any of 
the foregoing; provided, however, that each Lender’s obligation to make ABR 
Revolving Loans pursuant to this Section 2.04(c) is subject to the 
conditions set forth in Section 4.01. No such funding of risk 
participations shall relieve or otherwise impair the obligation of any 
Borrower to repay Swingline Loans, together with interest as provided 
herein.

(d)    Repayment of Participations.

(i)    At any time after any Revolving Facility Lender has purchased and 
funded a risk participation in a Swingline Loan, if the Swingline Lender 
receives any payment on account of such Swingline Loan, the Swingline 
Lender will distribute to such Revolving Facility Lender its Revolving 
Facility Percentage thereof in the same funds as those received by the 
Swingline Lender.
 
79

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(ii)    If any payment received by the Swingline Lender in respect of 
principal or interest on any Swingline Loan made under any Revolving 
Facility is required to be returned by the Swingline Lender under any of 
the circumstances described in Section 8.10 (including pursuant to any 
settlement entered into by the Swingline Lender in its discretion), each 
Revolving Facility Lender under such Revolving Facility shall pay to the 
Swingline Lender its Revolving Facility Percentage thereof on demand of the 
Administrative Agent, plus interest thereon from the date of such demand to 
the date such amount is returned, at a rate per annum equal to the 
applicable Overnight Rate. The Administrative Agent will make such demand 
upon the request of the Swingline Lender. The obligations of the Revolving 
Facility Lenders under this clause shall survive the payment in full of the 
Obligations and the termination of this Agreement.

(e)    Interest for Account of Swingline Lender. The Swingline Lender shall 
be responsible for invoicing the applicable Borrower for interest on the 
Swingline Loans. Until each Revolving Facility Lender under the applicable 
Revolving Facility funds its ABR Revolving Loan or risk participation 
pursuant to this Section 2.04 to refinance such Revolving Facility Lender’s 
Revolving Facility Percentage of any Swingline Loan, interest in respect of 
such Revolving Facility Percentage shall be solely for the account of the 
Swingline Lender.

(f)    Payments Directly to Swingline Lender. The applicable Borrower shall 
make all payments of principal and interest in respect of the Swingline 
Loans directly to the Swingline Lender.

(g)    Additional Swingline Lenders. From time to time, any Borrower may by 
notice to the Administrative Agent with the consent of the Administrative 
Agent (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed) and the 
applicable Revolving Facility Lender designate such Revolving Facility 
Lender (in addition to Citibank) to act as a Swingline Lender hereunder. In 
the event that there shall be more than one Swingline Lender hereunder, 
each reference to “the Swingline Lender” hereunder with respect to any 
Swingline Loan shall refer to the person that made such Swingline Loan and 
each such additional Swingline Lender shall be entitled to the benefits of 
this Agreement as a Swingline Lender to the same extent as if it had been 
originally named as the Swingline Lender hereunder. Promptly after making 
any Swingline Loan or receiving any payment with respect to any Swingline 
Loan, the Swingline Lender will provide the Administrative Agent with the 
details thereof. On the last Business Day of each March, June, September 
and December (and on such other dates as the Administrative Agent may 
request), each Swingline Lender shall provide the Administrative Agent a 
list of all Swingline Loans made by it that are outstanding at such time 
together with such other information as the Administrative Agent may 
reasonably request.

SECTION 2.05.    The Letter of Credit Commitment.

(a)    General.

(i)    Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, (A) the L/C 
Issuer agrees, in reliance upon the agreements of the Revolving Facility 
Lenders set forth in this Section 2.05, (1) from time to time on any 
Business Day during the period from and including the Closing Date until 
the Letter of Credit Expiration Date, to issue Letters of Credit under any
 
80

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Revolving Facility denominated in Dollars for the account of any Borrower 
or its Subsidiaries, and to amend or extend Letters of Credit previously 
issued by it, in accordance with clause (b) below, and (2) to honor 
drawings under the Letters of Credit; and (B) the Revolving Facility 
Lenders under each Revolving Facility severally agree to participate in 
Letters of Credit issued under such Revolving Facility for the account of 
any Borrower or its Subsidiaries and any drawings thereunder; provided 
that after giving effect to any L/C Credit Extension with respect to any 
Letter of Credit under any Revolving Facility, (w) the total Revolving 
Facility Credit Exposure under such Revolving Facility shall not exceed the 
total Revolving Facility Commitments under such Revolving Facility, (x) no 
Lender’s Revolving Facility Credit Exposure under such Revolving Facility 
shall exceed such Lender’s Revolving Facility Commitment under such 
Revolving Facility and (y) the Outstanding Amount of the L/C Obligations 
shall not exceed the Letter of Credit Sublimit. Each request by the 
applicable Borrower for the issuance or amendment of a Letter of Credit 
shall be deemed to be a representation by such Borrower that the L/C Credit 
Extension so requested complies with the conditions set forth in the 
proviso to the preceding sentence. Within the foregoing limits, and subject 
to the terms and conditions hereof, the applicable Borrower’s ability to 
obtain Letters of Credit shall be fully revolving, and accordingly such 
Borrower or any Subsidiary may, during the foregoing period with respect to 
any Revolving Facility, obtain Letters of Credit to replace Letters of 
Credit that have expired or that have been drawn upon and reimbursed. All 
Existing Letters of Credit shall be deemed to have been issued pursuant 
hereto, and from and after the Closing Date shall be subject to and 
governed by the terms and conditions hereof.

(ii)    The L/C Issuer shall not issue any Letter of Credit under any 
Revolving Facility, if:

(A)    subject to Section 2.05(b)(iii), the expiry date of such requested 
Letter of Credit would occur more than twelve months after the date of 
issuance or last extension, unless the Majority Lenders under thesuch 
Revolving Facility have approved such expiry date (such approval not to be 
unreasonably withheld or delayed); or

(B)    the expiry date of such requested Letter of Credit would occur after 
the Letter of Credit Expiration Date for such Revolving Facility, unless 
all the Revolving Facility Lenders under such Revolving Facility have 
approved such expiry date (such approval not to be unreasonably withheld or 
delayed).

(iii)    The L/C Issuer shall not be under any obligation to issue any 
Letter of Credit under any Revolving Facility if:

(A)    any order, judgment or decree of any Governmental Authority or 
arbitrator shall by its terms purport to enjoin or restrain the L/C Issuer 
from issuing such Letter of Credit, or any Requirement of Law applicable to 
the L/C Issuer or any request or directive (whether or not having the force 
of law) from any Governmental Authority with jurisdiction over the L/C 
Issuer shall prohibit, or request that the L/C Issuer refrain from, the 
issuance of letters of credit generally or such Letter of Credit in 
particular or shall impose upon the L/C Issuer with respect to such Letter 
of Credit any restriction, reserve or capital requirement (for which the 
L/C Issuer is not otherwise compensated hereunder) not in effect on the 
Closing Date, or shall impose upon the L/C Issuer any unreimbursed loss, 
cost or expense which was not applicable on the Closing Date and which the 
L/C Issuer in good faith deems material to it;
 
81

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(B)    the issuance of such Letter of Credit would violate one or more 
policies of the L/C Issuer applicable to letters of credit generally;

(C)    except as otherwise agreed by the Administrative Agent and the L/C 
Issuer, such Letter of Credit is in an initial stated amount less than 
$100,000, in the case of a commercial Letter of Credit, or $500,000, in the 
case of a standby Letter of Credit;

(D)    such Letter of Credit contains any provisions for automatic 
reinstatement of the stated amount after any drawing thereunder; or

(E)    a default of any Revolving Facility Lender’s obligations to fund
Lender under such Revolving Facility to fund its obligations under Section 
2.05(c) exists or any Revolving Facility Lender under such Revolving 
Facility is at such time a Defaulting Lender hereunder, unless the L/C 
Issuer has entered into satisfactory arrangements with the applicable 
Borrower or such Revolving Facility Lender to eliminate the L/C Issuer’s 
Fronting Exposure with respect to such Revolving Facility Lender.

(iv)    The L/C Issuer shall not amend any Letter of Credit if the L/C 
Issuer would not be permitted at such time to issue such Letter of Credit 
in its amended form under the terms hereof.

(v)    The L/C Issuer shall be under no obligation to amend any Letter of 
Credit if (A) the L/C Issuer would have no obligation at such time to issue 
such Letter of Credit in its amended form under the terms hereof, or (B) 
the beneficiary of such Letter of Credit does not accept the proposed 
amendment to such Letter of Credit.

(vi)    The L/C Issuer shall act on behalf of the Revolving Facility 
Lenders under the applicable Revolving Facility with respect to any Letters 
of Credit issued by it and the documents associated therewith, and the L/C 
Issuer shall have all of the benefits and immunities (A) provided to the 
Administrative Agent in Article VIII with respect to any acts taken or 
omissions suffered by the L/C Issuer in connection with Letters of Credit 
issued by it or proposed to be issued by it and Issuer Documents pertaining 
to such Letters of Credit as fully as if the term “Administrative Agent” as 
used in Article VIII included the L/C Issuer with respect to such acts or 
omissions, and (B) as additionally provided herein with respect to the L/C 
Issuer.

(b)    Procedures for Issuance and Amendment of Letters of Credit; 
Auto-Extension Letters of Credit.

(i)    Each Letter of Credit shall be issued or amended, as the case may 
be, upon the request of the applicable Borrower delivered to the L/C Issuer 
(with a copy to the Administrative Agent) in the form of a Letter of Credit 
Application, appropriately completed and signed by a Responsible Officer of 
such Borrower. Such Letter of Credit Application must be received by the 
L/C Issuer and the Administrative Agent not later than 11:00 a.m. at least 
two Business Days (or such later date and time as the Administrative Agent 
and the L/C Issuer may
 
82

------------------------------------------------------------------------
agree in a particular instance in their sole discretion) prior to the 
proposed issuance date or date of amendment, as the case may be. In the 
case of a request for an initial issuance of a Letter of Credit, such 
Letter of Credit Application shall specify in form and detail satisfactory 
to the L/C Issuer: (A) the proposed issuance date of the requested Letter 
of Credit (which shall be a Business Day); (B) the amount and currency 
thereof; (C) the expiry date thereof; (D) the name and address of the 
beneficiary thereof and the Revolving Facility under which such Letter of 
Credit is being issued; (E) the documents to be presented by such 
beneficiary in case of any drawing thereunder; (F) the full text of any 
certificate to be presented by such beneficiary in case of any drawing 
thereunder; and (G) such other matters as the L/C Issuer may reasonably 
request. In the case of a request for an amendment of any outstanding 
Letter of Credit, such Letter of Credit Application shall specify in form 
and detail satisfactory to the L/C Issuer (A) the Letter of Credit to be 
amended; (B) the proposed date of amendment thereof (which shall be a 
Business Day); (C) the nature of the proposed amendment; and (D) such other 
matters as the L/C Issuer may reasonably request. Additionally, the 
applicable Borrower shall furnish to the L/C Issuer and the Administrative 
Agent such other documents and information pertaining to such requested 
Letter of Credit issuance or amendment, including any Issuer Documents, as 
the L/C Issuer or the Administrative Agent may reasonably request.

(ii)    Promptly after receipt of any Letter of Credit Application, the L/C 
Issuer will confirm with the Administrative Agent (by telephone or in 
writing) that the Administrative Agent has received a copy of such Letter 
of Credit Application from the applicable Borrower and, if not, the L/C 
Issuer will provide the Administrative Agent with a copy thereof. Unless 
the L/C Issuer has received written notice from any Revolving Facility 
Lender under the applicable Revolving Facility, the Administrative Agent or 
any Loan Party, at least one Business Day prior to the requested date of 
issuance or amendment of the applicable Letter of Credit, that one or more 
applicable conditions contained in Section 4.01 shall not then be 
satisfied, then, subject to the terms and conditions hereof, the L/C Issuer 
shall, on the requested date, issue a Letter of Credit for the account of 
the applicable Borrower (or the applicable Subsidiary) or enter into the 
applicable amendment, as the case may be, in each case in accordance with 
the L/C Issuer’s usual and customary business practices. Immediately upon 
the issuance of each Letter of Credit under any Revolving Facility, each 
Revolving Facility Lender under such Revolving Facility shall be deemed to, 
and hereby irrevocably and unconditionally agrees to, purchase from the L/C 
Issuer a risk participation in such Letter of Credit in an amount equal to 
the product of such Lender’s Revolving Facility Percentage under such 
Revolving Facility times the amount of such Letter of Credit.

(iii)    If the applicable Borrower so requests in any applicable Letter of 
Credit Application, the L/C Issuer may, in its sole and absolute 
discretion, agree to issue a Letter of Credit under any Revolving Facility 
that has automatic extension provisions (each, an “Auto-Extension Letter of 
Credit”); provided that any such Auto-Extension Letter of Credit must 
permit the L/C Issuer to prevent any such extension at least once in each 
twelve-month period (commencing with the date of issuance of such Letter of 
Credit) by giving prior notice to the beneficiary thereof not later than a 
day (the “Non-Extension Notice Date”) in each such twelve-month period to 
be agreed upon at the time such Letter of Credit is issued. Unless 
otherwise directed by the L/C Issuer, the applicable Borrower shall not be 
required to make a specific request to the L/C Issuer for any such 
extension. Once an Auto-Extension Letter of Credit under any Revolving 
Facility has been issued, the Revolving Facility Lenders shall be deemed to 
have
 
83

------------------------------------------------------------------------
authorized (but may not require) the L/C Issuer to permit the extension of 
such Letter of Credit at any time to an expiry date not later than the 
Letter of Credit Expiration Date under such Revolving Facility; provided, 
however, that the L/C Issuer shall not permit any such extension if (A) the 
L/C Issuer has determined that it would not be permitted at such time to 
issue such Letter of Credit in its revised form (as extended) under the 
terms hereof (by reason of the provisions of clause (ii) or (iii) of 
Section 2.05(a) or otherwise), or (B) it has received notice (which may be 
by telephone or in writing) on or before the day that is five Business Days 
before the Non-Extension Notice Date (1) from the Administrative Agent that 
the Majority Lenders under the applicable Revolving Facility have elected 
not to permit such extension or (2) from the Administrative Agent, any 
Revolving Facility Lender under the applicable Revolving Facility or the 
applicable Borrower that one or more of the applicable conditions specified 
in Section 4.01 is not then satisfied, and in each such case directing the 
L/C Issuer not to permit such extension.

(iv)    If the applicable Borrower so requests in any applicable Letter of 
Credit Application, the L/C Issuer may, in its sole and absolute 
discretion, agree to issue a Letter of Credit under any Revolving Facility 
that permits the automatic reinstatement of all or a portion of the stated 
amount thereof after any drawing thereunder (each, an “Auto-Reinstatement 
Letter of Credit”). Unless otherwise directed by the L/C Issuer, the 
applicable Borrower shall not be required to make a specific request to the 
L/C Issuer to permit such reinstatement. Once an Auto-Reinstatement Letter 
of Credit has been issued under any Revolving Facility, except as provided 
in the following sentence, the Revolving Facility Lenders under such 
Revolving Facility shall be deemed to have authorized (but may not require) 
the L/C Issuer to reinstate all or a portion of the stated amount thereof 
in accordance with the provisions of such Letter of Credit. Notwithstanding 
the foregoing, if such Auto-Reinstatement Letter of Credit permits the L/C 
Issuer to decline to reinstate all or any portion of the stated amount 
thereof after a drawing thereunder by giving notice of such 
non-reinstatement within a specified number of days after such drawing (the 
“Non-Reinstatement Deadline”), the L/C Issuer shall not permit such 
reinstatement if it has received a notice (which may be by telephone or in 
writing) on or before the day that is five Business Days before the 
Non-Reinstatement Deadline (A) from the Administrative Agent that the 
Majority Lenders under the applicable Revolving Facility have elected not 
to permit such reinstatement or (B) from the Administrative Agent, any 
Revolving Facility Lender under the applicable Revolving Facility or the 
applicable Borrower that one or more of the applicable conditions specified 
in Section 4.01 is not then satisfied (treating such reinstatement as an 
L/C Credit Extension for purposes of this clause) and, in each case, 
directing the L/C Issuer not to permit such reinstatement.

(v)    Promptly after its delivery of any Letter of Credit or any amendment 
to a Letter of Credit to an advising bank with respect thereto or to the 
beneficiary thereof, the L/C Issuer will also deliver to the applicable 
Borrower and the Administrative Agent a true and complete copy of such 
Letter of Credit or amendment.

(c)    Drawings and Reimbursements; Funding of Participations.

(i)    Upon receipt from the beneficiary of any Letter of Credit of any 
notice of a drawing under such Letter of Credit, the L/C Issuer shall 
notify the applicable Borrower and the Administrative Agent thereof. Not 
later than (1) 1:00 p.m., Local Time, on the date that the L/C Issuer 
provides notice to the applicable Borrower of any payment by the L/C Issuer 
under a
 
84

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Letter of Credit denominated in Dollars or (2) 11:00 a.m., Local Time, on 
the next succeeding Business Day (if such notice is provided after 10:00 
a.m., Local Time, on the date such notice is given) (each such applicable 
date, an “Honor Date”), the applicable Borrower shall reimburse the L/C 
Issuer (and the L/C Issuer shall promptly notify the Administrative Agent 
of any failure by such Borrower to so reimburse the L/C Issuer by such 
time) in an amount equal to the amount of such drawing and in the 
applicable currency. If the applicable Borrower fails to so reimburse the 
L/C Issuer by such time, the Administrative Agent shall promptly notify 
each Revolving Facility Lender under the Revolving Facility pursuant to 
which such Letter of Credit was issued of the Honor Date, the amount of the 
unreimbursed drawing (the “Unreimbursed Amount”), and the amount of such 
Lender’s Revolving Facility Percentage thereof. In such event, the 
applicable Borrower shall be deemed to have requested a Borrowing of ABR 
Revolving Loans under the Revolving Facility under which such Letter of 
Credit was issued to be disbursed on the Honor Date in an amount equal to 
the Unreimbursed Amount, without regard to the minimum Borrowing Minimums 
or Borrowing Multiples, but subject to the amount of the unutilized portion 
of the Revolving Facility Commitments under such Revolving Facility and the 
conditions set forth in Section 4.01 (other than the delivery of a 
Borrowing Request). Any notice given by the L/C Issuer or the 
Administrative Agent pursuant to this Section 2.05(c)(i) may be given by 
telephone if immediately confirmed in writing; provided that the lack of 
such an immediate confirmation shall not affect the conclusiveness or 
binding effect of such notice.

(ii)    Each Revolving Facility Lender under the Revolving Facility under 
which such Letter of Credit was issued shall upon any notice pursuant to 
Section 2.05(c)(i) make funds available to the Administrative Agent for the 
account of the L/C Issuer, in Dollars, at the Administrative Agent’s Office 
for Dollar-denominated payments in an amount equal to its Revolving 
Facility Percentage under such Revolving Facility of the Unreimbursed 
Amount not later than 1:00 p.m. on the Business Day specified in such 
notice by the Administrative Agent, whereupon, subject to the provisions of 
Section 2.05(c)(iii), each Revolving Facility Lender that so makes funds 
available shall be deemed to have made an ABR Revolving Loan under the 
applicable Revolving Facility to the applicable Borrower in such amount. 
The Administrative Agent shall remit the funds so received to the L/C 
Issuer in Dollars.

(iii)    With respect to any Unreimbursed Amount that is not fully 
refinanced by a Borrowing of ABR Revolving Loans because the conditions set 
forth in Section 4.01 cannot be satisfied or for any other reason, the 
applicable Borrower shall be deemed to have incurred from the L/C Issuer an 
L/C Borrowing under the applicable Revolving Facility in the amount of the 
Unreimbursed Amount that is not so refinanced, which L/C Borrowing shall be 
due and payable on demand (together with interest) and shall bear interest 
at the rate specified in Section 2.13(c). In such event, each Revolving 
Facility Lender’s payment to the Administrative Agent for the account of 
the L/C Issuer pursuant to Section 2.05(c)(ii) shall be deemed payment in 
respect of its participation in such L/C Borrowing and shall constitute an 
L/C Advance from such Revolving Facility Lender under the applicable 
Revolving Facility in satisfaction of its participation obligation under 
this Section 2.05.

(iv)    Until each Revolving Facility Lender under the applicable Revolving 
Facility funds its ABR Revolving Loan or L/C Advance pursuant to this 
Section 2.05(c) to reimburse the L/C Issuer for any amount drawn under any 
Letter of Credit, interest in respect of such Lender’s Revolving Facility 
Percentage of such amount shall be solely for the account of the L/C 
Issuer.
 
85

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(v)    Each Revolving Facility Lender’s obligation to make ABR Revolving 
Loans or L/C Advances to reimburse the L/C Issuer for amounts drawn under 
Letters of Credit under a revolvingRevolving Facility under which such 
Lender has a Revolving Facility Commitment, as contemplated by this Section 
2.05(c), shall be absolute and unconditional and shall not be affected by 
any circumstance, including (A) any setoff, counterclaim, recoupment, 
defense or other right which such Revolving Facility Lender may have 
against the L/C Issuer, any Borrower, any Subsidiary or any other person 
for any reason whatsoever; (B) the occurrence or continuance of a Default, 
or (C) any other occurrence, event or condition, whether or not similar to 
any of the foregoing; provided, however, that each Lender’s obligation to 
make ABR Revolving Loans pursuant to this Section 2.05(c) is subject to the 
conditions set forth in Section 4.01 (other than delivery by a Borrower of 
a Borrowing Request). No such making of an L/C Advance shall relieve or 
otherwise impair the obligation of any Borrower to reimburse the L/C Issuer 
for the amount of any payment made by the L/C Issuer under any Letter of 
Credit, together with interest as provided herein.

(vi)    If any Revolving Facility Lender under the applicable Revolving 
Facility fails to make available to the Administrative Agent for the 
account of the L/C Issuer any amount required to be paid by such Lender 
pursuant to the foregoing provisions of this Section 2.05(c) by the time 
specified in Section 2.05(c)(ii), the L/C Issuer shall be entitled to 
recover from such Lender (acting through the Administrative Agent), on 
demand, such amount with interest thereon for the period from the date such 
payment is required to the date on which such payment is immediately 
available to the L/C Issuer at a rate per annum equal to the applicable 
Overnight Rate from time to time in effect, plus any administrative, 
processing or similar fees customarily charged by the L/C Issuer in 
connection with the foregoing. If such Lender pays such amount (with 
interest and fees as aforesaid), the amount so paid shall constitute such 
Lender’s ABR Revolving Loan included in the relevant Borrowing or L/C 
Advance in respect of the relevant L/C Borrowing, as the case may be. A 
certificate of the L/C Issuer submitted to any Revolving Facility Lender 
(through the Administrative Agent) with respect to any amounts owing under 
this clause (vi) shall be conclusive absent manifest error.

(d)    Repayment of Participations.

(i)    At any time after the L/C Issuer has made a payment under any Letter 
of Credit and has received from any Revolving Facility Lender such 
Revolving Facility Lender’s L/C Advance in respect of such payment in 
accordance with Section 2.05(c), if the Administrative Agent receives for 
the account of the L/C Issuer any payment in respect of the related 
Unreimbursed Amount or interest thereon (whether directly from a Borrower 
or otherwise, including proceeds of Cash Collateral applied thereto by the 
Administrative Agent), the Administrative Agent will distribute to such 
Revolving Facility Lender its Revolving Facility Percentage thereof under 
the applicable Revolving Facility in Dollars and in the same funds as those 
received by the Administrative Agent.

(ii)    If any payment received by the Administrative Agent for the account 
of the L/C Issuer pursuant to Section 2.05(c)(i) in connection with the 
issuance of any Letter of
 
86

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Credit under any Revolving Facility is required to be returned under any of 
the circumstances described in Section 8.10 (including pursuant to any 
settlement entered into by the L/C Issuer in its discretion), each 
Revolving Facility Lender under such Revolving Facility shall pay to the 
Administrative Agent for the account of the L/C Issuer its Revolving 
Facility Percentage under such Revolving Facility thereof on demand of the 
Administrative Agent, plus interest thereon from the date of such demand to 
the date such amount is returned by such Revolving Facility Lender, at a 
rate per annum equal to the applicable Overnight Rate from time to time in 
effect. The obligations of the Revolving Facility Lenders under this clause 
shall survive the payment in full of the Obligations and the termination of 
this Agreement.

(e)    Obligations Absolute. The obligation of a Borrower to reimburse the 
L/C Issuer for each drawing under each Letter of Credit and to repay each 
L/C Borrowing shall be absolute, unconditional and irrevocable, and shall 
be paid strictly in accordance with the terms of this Agreement under all 
circumstances, including the following:

(i)    any lack of validity or enforceability of such Letter of Credit, 
this Agreement, or any other Loan Document;

(ii)    the existence of any claim, counterclaim, setoff, defense or other 
right that any Borrower or any Subsidiary may have at any time against any 
beneficiary or any transferee of such Letter of Credit (or any person for 
whom any such beneficiary or any such transferee may be acting), the L/C 
Issuer or any other person, whether in connection with this Agreement, the 
transactions contemplated hereby or by such Letter of Credit or any 
agreement or instrument relating thereto, or any unrelated transaction;

(iii)    any draft, demand, certificate or other document presented under 
such Letter of Credit that appears on its face to be valid proving to be 
forged, fraudulent, invalid or insufficient in any respect or any statement 
therein being untrue or inaccurate in any respect; or any loss or delay in 
the transmission or otherwise of any document required in order to make a 
drawing under such Letter of Credit;

(iv)    any payment by the L/C Issuer under such Letter of Credit against 
presentation of a draft or certificate that does not strictly comply with 
the terms of such Letter of Credit; or any payment made by the L/C Issuer 
under such Letter of Credit to any person purporting to be a trustee in 
bankruptcy, debtor-in-possession, assignee for the benefit of creditors, 
liquidator, receiver or other representative of or successor to any 
beneficiary or any transferee of such Letter of Credit, including any 
arising in connection with any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law; or

(v)    any other circumstance or happening whatsoever, whether or not 
similar to any of the foregoing, including any other circumstance that 
might otherwise constitute a defense available to, or a discharge of, any 
Borrower or any Subsidiary.

Each Borrower shall promptly examine a copy of each Letter of Credit and 
each amendment thereto that is delivered to it and, in the event of any 
claim of noncompliance with such Borrower’s instructions or other 
irregularity, such Borrower will immediately notify the L/C Issuer. Each 
Borrower shall be conclusively deemed to have waived any such claim against 
the L/C Issuer and its correspondents unless such notice is given as 
aforesaid.
 
87

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(f)    Role of L/C Issuer. Each Revolving Facility Lender and each Borrower 
agree that, in paying any drawing under a Letter of Credit, the L/C Issuer 
shall not have any responsibility to obtain any document (other than any 
sight draft, certificates and documents expressly required by the Letter of 
Credit) or to ascertain or inquire as to the validity or accuracy of any 
such document or the authority of the person executing or delivering any 
such document. None of the L/C Issuer, the Administrative Agent, any of 
their respective Related Parties nor any correspondent, participant or 
assignee of the L/C Issuer shall be liable to any Lender for (i) any action 
taken or omitted in connection herewith at the request or with the approval 
of the Revolving Facility Lenders or the Majority Lenders under the 
Revolving Facility under which such Letter of Credit was issued, as 
applicable; (ii) any action taken or omitted in the absence of gross 
negligence or willful misconduct; or (iii) the due execution, 
effectiveness, validity or enforceability of any document or instrument 
related to any Letter of Credit or Issuer Document. Each Borrower hereby 
assumes all risks of the acts or omissions of any beneficiary or transferee 
with respect to its use of any Letter of Credit; provided, however, that 
this assumption is not intended to, and shall not, preclude such Borrower’s 
pursuing such rights and remedies as it may have against the beneficiary or 
transferee at law or under any other agreement. None of the L/C Issuer, the 
Administrative Agent, any of their respective Related Parties nor any 
correspondent, participant or assignee of the L/C Issuer shall be liable or 
responsible for any of the matters described in clauses (i) through (v) of 
Section 2.05(e); provided, however, that anything in such clauses to the 
contrary notwithstanding, such Borrower may have a claim against the L/C 
Issuer, and the L/C Issuer may be liable to such Borrower, to the extent, 
but only to the extent, of any direct, as opposed to consequential or 
exemplary, damages suffered by such Borrower which such Borrower proves 
were caused by the L/C Issuer’s willful misconduct or gross negligence or 
the L/C Issuer’s willful failure to pay under any Letter of Credit after 
the presentation to it by the beneficiary of a sight draft and 
certificate(s) strictly complying with the terms and conditions of a Letter 
of Credit. In furtherance and not in limitation of the foregoing, the L/C 
Issuer may accept documents that appear on their face to be in order, 
without responsibility for further investigation, regardless of any notice 
or information to the contrary, and the L/C Issuer shall not be responsible 
for the validity or sufficiency of any instrument transferring or assigning 
or purporting to transfer or assign a Letter of Credit or the rights or 
benefits thereunder or proceeds thereof, in whole or in part, which may 
prove to be invalid or ineffective for any reason.

(g)    Cash Collateral.

(i)    Upon the request of the Administrative Agent if, as of the Letter of 
Credit Expiration Date, any L/C Obligation for any reason remains 
outstanding, the applicable Borrower shall promptly Cash Collateralize the 
then Outstanding Amount of all L/C Obligations.

(ii)    Sections 2.11(d), 2.22 and 7.01 set forth certain additional 
requirements to deliver Cash Collateral hereunder. For purposes of Sections 
2.05, 2.11(d), 2.22 and 7.01, “Cash Collateralize” means to pledge and 
deposit with or deliver to the Administrative Agent, for the benefit of the 
L/C Issuer and the Revolving Facility Lenders, as collateral for the L/C 
Obligations, cash or deposit account balances, in each case, pursuant to 
documentation in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the 
Administrative Agent and the L/C Issuer (which
 
88

------------------------------------------------------------------------
documents are hereby consented to by the Lenders). Derivatives of such term 
have corresponding meanings. Each of the Borrowers hereby grants to the 
Administrative Agent, for the benefit of the L/C Issuer and the Revolving 
Facility Lenders under any Revolving Facility under which a Letter of 
Credit is Cash Collateralized, a security interest in all such cash, 
deposit accounts and all balances therein and all proceeds of the 
foregoing. Except as otherwise agreed to by the Administrative Agent, Cash 
Collateral shall be maintained in blocked, non-interest bearing deposit 
accounts at Citibank.

(h)    Applicability of ISP and UCP. Unless otherwise expressly agreed by 
the L/C Issuer and the applicable Borrower when a Letter of Credit is 
issued (including any such agreement applicable to an Existing Letter of 
Credit), (i) the rules of the ISP shall apply to each standby Letter of 
Credit, and (ii) the rules of the Uniform Customs and Practice for 
Documentary Credits, as most recently published by the International 
Chamber of Commerce at the time of issuance shall apply to each commercial 
Letter of Credit.

(i)    Conflict with Issuer Documents. In the event of any conflict between 
the terms hereof and the terms of any Issuer Document, the terms hereof 
shall control.

(j)    Letters of Credit Issued for Subsidiaries. Notwithstanding that a 
Letter of Credit issued or outstanding hereunder is in support of any 
obligations of, or is for the account of, a Subsidiary, the applicable 
Borrower shall be obligated to reimburse the L/C Issuer hereunder for any 
and all drawings under such Letter of Credit. Each of the Borrowers hereby 
acknowledges that the issuance of Letters of Credit for the account of 
Subsidiaries inures to the benefit of such Borrower, and that the 
Borrowers’ business derives substantial benefits from the businesses of 
such Subsidiaries.

(k)    Additional L/C Issuers. From time to time, any Borrower may by 
notice to the Administrative Agent with the consent of the Administrative 
Agent (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed) and the 
applicable Revolving Facility Lender designate such Revolving Facility 
Lender (in addition to Citibank) to act as an L/C Issuer hereunder. In the 
event that there shall be more than one L/C Issuer hereunder, each 
reference to “the L/C Issuer” hereunder with respect to any L/C Issuer 
shall refer to the person that issued such Letter of Credit and each such 
additional L/C Issuer shall be entitled to the benefits of this Agreement 
as an L/C Issuer to the same extent as if it had been originally named as 
the L/C Issuer hereunder. Promptly after its delivery of any Letter of 
Credit or any amendment to a Letter of Credit (including any Existing 
Letter of Credit) to an advising bank with respect thereto or to the 
beneficiary thereof, each L/C Issuer (other than Citibank) will also 
deliver to the Administrative Agent a true and complete copy of such Letter 
of Credit or amendment. On the last Business Day of each March, June, 
September and December (and on such other dates as the Administrative Agent 
may request), each L/C Issuer shall provide the Administrative Agent a list 
of all Letters of Credit (including any Existing Letter of Credit) issued 
by it that are outstanding at such time together with such other 
information as the Administrative Agent may reasonably request.
 
89

------------------------------------------------------------------------
SECTION 2.06.    Funding of Borrowings.

(a)    Each Lender shall make each Term Loan or Revolving Facility Loan to 
be made by it hereunder available to the Administrative Agent in Same Day 
Funds at the Administrative Agent’s Office for the applicable currency not 
later than (i) 12:00 p.m., Local Time, in the case of any ABR Loan 
denominated in Dollars and (ii) 10:00 a.m., Local Time, in the case of any 
Eurocurrency Loan denominated in Dollars, in each case, on the Business Day 
specified in the applicable Borrowing Request. The Administrative Agent 
will make such Loans available to the Borrowers by promptly crediting the 
amounts so received, in like funds, to an account of the applicable 
Borrower as specified in the Borrowing Request; provided, however, that if, 
on the date the Borrowing Request with respect to a Revolving Facility 
Borrowing denominated in Dollars is given by a Borrower, there are L/C 
Borrowings outstanding under the applicable Revolving Facility, then the 
proceeds of such Borrowing, first, shall be applied to the payment in full 
of any such L/C Borrowings, and, second, shall be made available to the 
applicable Borrower as provided above.

(b)    Unless the Administrative Agent shall have received notice from a 
Lender prior to the proposed date of any Borrowing of Eurocurrency Loans 
(or, in the case of any Borrowing of ABR Loans, prior to 9:00 a.m., Local 
Time, on the date of such Borrowing) that such Lender will not make 
available to the Administrative Agent such Lender’s share of such 
Borrowing, the Administrative Agent may assume that such Lender has made 
such share available on such date in accordance with Section 2.06(a) (or, 
in the case of a Borrowing of ABR Loans, that such Lender has made such 
share available in accordance with and at the time required by Section 
2.06(a)) and may, in reliance upon such assumption, make available to the 
applicable Borrower a corresponding amount. In such event, if a Lender has 
not in fact made its share of the applicable Borrowing available to the 
Administrative Agent, then the applicable Lender and the applicable 
Borrower severally agree to pay to the Administrative Agent forthwith on 
demand such corresponding amount in Same Day Funds with interest thereon, 
for each day from and including the date such amount is made available to 
the applicable Borrower to but excluding the date of payment to the 
Administrative Agent, at (A) in the case of a payment to be made by such 
Lender, the Overnight Rate, plus any administrative, processing or similar 
fees customarily charged by the Administrative Agent in connection with the 
foregoing, and (B) in the case of a payment to be made by the applicable 
Borrower, the interest rate applicable to ABR Loans under the applicable 
Facility. If the applicable Borrower and such Lender shall pay such 
interest to the Administrative Agent for the same or an overlapping period, 
the Administrative Agent shall promptly remit to the applicable Borrower 
the amount of such interest paid by the applicable Borrower for such 
period. If such Lender pays its share of the applicable Borrowing to the 
Administrative Agent, then the amount so paid shall constitute such 
Lender’s Loan included in such Borrowing. Any payment by any Borrower shall 
be without prejudice to any claim such Borrower may have against a Lender 
that shall have failed to make such payment to the Administrative Agent.

SECTION 2.07.    Interest Elections.

(a)    Each Borrowing of Revolving Facility Loans or Term Loans initially 
shall be of the Type specified in the applicable Borrowing Request and, in 
the case of a Eurocurrency Borrowing, shall have an initial Interest Period 
as specified in such Borrowing Request.
 
90

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Thereafter, a Borrower may elect to convert such Borrowing to a different 
Type or to continue such Borrowing and, in the case of a Eurocurrency 
Borrowing, may elect Interest Periods therefor, all as provided in this 
Section; provided, that except as otherwise provided herein, a Eurocurrency 
Loan may be continued or converted only on the last day of an Interest 
Period for such Eurocurrency Loan. A Borrower may elect different options 
with respect to different portions of the affected Revolving Facility 
Borrowing or Term Borrowing, in which case each such portion shall be 
allocated ratably among the Lenders holding the Loans comprising such 
Borrowing, and the Loans comprising each such portion shall be considered a 
separate Borrowing.

(b)    To make an election pursuant to this Section, a Borrower shall 
notify the Administrative Agent of such election by telephone by the time 
that a Borrowing Request would be required under Section 2.03 if such 
Borrower were requesting a Borrowing of the Type resulting from such 
election to be made on the effective date of such election. Each such 
telephonic Interest Election Request shall be irrevocable and shall be 
confirmed promptly by hand delivery or electronic means to the 
Administrative Agent of a written Interest Election Request in the form of 
Exhibit D and signed by a Responsible Officer of such Borrower.

(c)    Each telephonic and written Interest Election Request shall be 
irrevocable and shall specify the following information in compliance with 
Section 2.02:

(i)    the Borrowing to which such Interest Election Request applies and, 
if different options are being elected with respect to different portions 
thereof, the portions thereof to be allocated to each resulting Borrowing 
(in which case the information to be specified pursuant to clauses (iii) 
and (iv) below shall be specified for each resulting Borrowing);

(ii)    the effective date of the election made pursuant to such Interest 
Election Request, which shall be a Business Day;

(iii)    whether the resulting Borrowing is to be an ABR Borrowing or a 
Eurocurrency Borrowing; and

(iv)    if the resulting Borrowing is a Eurocurrency Borrowing, the 
Interest Period to be applicable thereto after giving effect to such 
election, which shall be a period contemplated by the definition of the 
term “Interest Period.”

If any such Interest Election Request requests a Eurocurrency Borrowing but 
does not specify an Interest Period, then the applicable Borrower shall be 
deemed to have selected an Interest Period of one month’s duration.

(d)    Promptly following receipt of an Interest Election Request, the 
Administrative Agent shall advise each Lender to which such Interest 
Election Request relates of the details thereof and of such Lender’s 
portion of each resulting Borrowing.

(e)    If the applicable Borrower fails to deliver a timely Interest 
Election Request with respect to a Eurocurrency Borrowing prior to the end 
of the Interest Period applicable thereto, then, unless such Borrowing is 
repaid as provided herein, at the end of such
 
91

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Interest Period such Borrowing shall be converted to an ABR Borrowing. 
Notwithstanding any contrary provision hereof, if an Event of Default has 
occurred and is continuing and the Administrative Agent, at the written 
request (including a request through electronic means) of the Required 
Lenders, so notifies the applicable Borrower, then, so long as an Event of 
Default is continuing (i) no outstanding Borrowing denominated in Dollars 
may be converted to or continued as a Eurocurrency Borrowing, (ii) unless 
repaid, each Eurocurrency Borrowing denominated in Dollars shall be 
converted to an ABR Borrowing at the end of the Interest Period applicable 
thereto and (iii) each Eurocurrency Revolving Facility Borrowing shall, 
unless repaid, be continued as a Eurocurrency Revolving Facility Borrowing 
with an Interest Period of one month’s duration.

SECTION 2.08.    Termination and Reduction of Commitments.

(a)    Unless previously terminated, the Revolving Facility Commitments of 
any Class shall terminate on the Revolving Facility Maturity Date with 
respect to such Class.

(b)    Any Borrower may at any time terminate, or from time to time reduce, 
the Revolving Facility Commitments of any Class; provided, that (i) each 
such reduction of the Revolving Facility Commitments of any Class shall be 
in an amount that is an integral multiple of $1.0 million and not less than 
$5.0 million (or, if less, the remaining amount of such Class of Revolving 
Facility Commitments) and (ii) no Borrower shall terminate or reduce the 
Revolving Facility Commitments of any Class if, after giving effect to any 
concurrent prepayment of the Revolving Facility Loans in accordance with 
Section 2.11 under such Revolving Facility, the Revolving Facility Credit 
Exposure of such Class (excluding any Cash Collateralized Letter of Credit) 
would exceed the total Revolving Facility Commitments of such Class.

(c)    The applicable Borrower shall notify the Administrative Agent of any 
election to terminate or reduce the Revolving Facility Commitments of any 
Class under clause (b) of this Section at least three Business Days prior 
to the effective date of such termination or reduction (or such shorter 
period acceptable to the Administrative Agent), specifying such election 
and the effective date thereof. Promptly following receipt of any notice, 
the Administrative Agent shall advise the applicable Lenders of the 
contents thereof. Each notice delivered by the applicable Borrower pursuant 
to this Section shall be irrevocable; provided, that a notice of 
termination or reduction of the Revolving Facility Commitments of any Class 
delivered by the applicable Borrower may state that such notice is 
conditioned upon the effectiveness of other credit facilities, indentures 
or similar agreements or other transactions, in which case such notice may 
be revoked by the applicable Borrower (by notice to the Administrative 
Agent on or prior to the specified effective date) if such condition is not 
satisfied. Any termination or reduction of the Commitments shall be 
permanent. Each reduction of the Commitments of a Class shall be made 
ratably among the applicable Lenders in accordance with their respective 
Commitments of such Class.

SECTION 2.09.    Repayment of Loans; Evidence of Debt.

(a)    Each of the Borrowers hereby unconditionally promises to pay (i) to 
the Administrative Agent for the account of each Revolving Facility Lender 
under each Revolving Facility the then unpaid principal amount of each 
Revolving Facility Loan under such Revolving
 
92

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Facility on the Revolving Facility Maturity Date with respect to such 
Revolving Facility, (ii) to the Administrative Agent for the account of 
each Lender the then unpaid principal amount of each Term Loan of such 
Lender as provided in Section 2.10 and (iii) to the Swingline Lender the 
then unpaid principal amount of each Swingline Loan under any Revolving 
Facility on the Revolving Facility Maturity Date with respect to such 
Revolving Facility.

(b)    Each Lender shall maintain in accordance with its usual practice an 
account or accounts evidencing the indebtedness of the Borrowers to such 
Lender resulting from each Loan made by such Lender, including the amounts 
of principal and interest payable and paid to such Lender from time to time 
hereunder.

(c)    The Administrative Agent shall maintain accounts in which it shall 
record (i) the amount and currency of each Loan made hereunder, the 
Facility and Type thereof and the Interest Period (if any) applicable 
thereto, (ii) the amount of any principal or interest due and payable or to 
become due and payable from each Borrower to each Lender hereunder and 
(iii) any amount received by the Administrative Agent hereunder for the 
account of the Lenders and each Lender’s share thereof.

(d)    The entries made in the accounts maintained pursuant to paragraph 
(b) or (c) of this Section shall be prima facie evidence of the existence 
and amounts of the obligations recorded therein; provided, that the failure 
of any Lender or the Administrative Agent to maintain such accounts or any 
error therein shall not in any manner affect the obligation of any Borrower 
to repay the Loans in accordance with the terms of this Agreement.

(e)    Any Lender may request that Loans of any Class made by it be 
evidenced by a promissory note (a “Note”). In such event, the Borrowers 
shall prepare, execute and deliver to such Lender a promissory note payable 
to the order of such Lender (or, if requested by such Lender, to such 
Lender and its registered assigns) and in a form approved by the 
Administrative Agent and reasonably acceptable to the Company. Thereafter, 
unless otherwise agreed to by the applicable Lender, the Loans evidenced by 
such promissory note and interest thereon shall at all times (including 
after assignment pursuant to Section 9.04) be represented by one or more 
promissory notes in such form payable to the order of the payee named 
therein (or, if requested by such payee, to such payee and its registered 
assigns).

SECTION 2.10.    Repayment of Term Loans and Revolving Facility Loans.

(a)    Subject to the other paragraphs of this Section,

(i)    the Borrowers shall repay Term B Borrowings on the last day of each 
March, June, September and December of each year (commencing on the last 
day of the first full fiscal quarter of the Borrowers after the Closing 
Date) and on the applicable Term Facility Maturity Date, or, if such date 
is not a Business Day, the next preceding Business Day (each such date 
being referred to as a “Term B Loan Installment Date”), in an aggregate 
principal amount of the Term B Loans equal to (A) in the case of quarterly 
payments due prior to the applicable Term Facility Maturity Date, an amount 
equal to 0.25(x) for each fiscal quarter ending on or before September 30, 
2018, 0.25% of the aggregate principal amount of Term B Loans outstanding 
on the Closing Date, (y)
 
93

------------------------------------------------------------------------
for each subsequent fiscal quarter ending on or before September 30, 2019, 
0.625% of the aggregate principal amount of Term B Loans outstanding on the 
Closing Date and (z) for each subsequent fiscal quarter, 1.25% of the 
aggregate principal amount of Term B Loans outstanding on the Closing Date, 
and (B) in the case of such payment due on the applicable Term Facility 
Maturity Date, an amount equal to the then unpaid principal amount of the 
Term B Loans outstanding;

(ii)    in the event that any Incremental Term Loans are made on an 
Increased Amount Date, the Borrowers shall repay such Incremental Term 
Loans on the dates and in the amounts set forth in the related Incremental 
Assumption Agreement (each such date being referred to as an “Incremental 
Term Loan Installment Date”);

(iii)    to the extent not previously paid, outstanding Term Loans shall be 
due and payable on the applicable Term Facility Maturity Date.

(b)    To the extent not previously paid, outstanding Revolving Facility 
Loans of any Class shall be due and payable on the Revolving Facility 
Maturity Date with respect to such Class.

(c)    Prepayment of the Term Loans from:

(i)    all Net Proceeds pursuant to Section 2.11(b) and Excess Cash Flow 
pursuant to Section 2.11(c) shall be applied to the Term Loans pro rata 
among each Term Facility, with the application thereof being applied to the 
remaining installments thereof as the Company may direct; provided that, 
subject to the pro rata application to Loans outstanding within any Class 
of Term Loans, the Company may allocate such prepayment in its sole 
discretion among the Class or Classes of Term Loans as the Company may 
specify (so long as the initial Term B Loans incurred on the Closing Date 
are allocated at least their pro rata share of such prepayment);

(ii)    any optional prepayments of the Term Loans pursuant to Section 
2.11(a) shall be applied to the remaining installments of the Term Loans as 
the Company may direct under the applicable Class or Classes as the Company 
may direct; and

(iii)    any prepayment of Term Loans of a particular Class pursuant to 
Section 2.11(g) or 9.04(i) shall be applied to the remaining installments 
of such Class of Term Loans on a pro rata basis.

(d)    Any mandatory prepayment of Term Loans pursuant to Section 2.11(b) 
or (c) shall be applied so that the aggregate amount of such prepayment is 
allocated among the Term Loans in the applicable Class or Classes of Term 
Loans (including Refinancing Term Loans and Other Term Loans, if any) to be 
repaid, pro rata based on the aggregate principal amount of outstanding 
Term Loans in the applicable Class or Classes, irrespective of whether such 
outstanding Term Loans are ABR Loans or Eurocurrency Loans (other than with 
respect to Other Term Loans or Refinancing Term Loans, to the extent the 
Incremental Assumption Agreement relating thereto does not so require); 
provided that if no Lenders exercise the right to waive a given mandatory 
prepayment of the Term Loans pursuant to Section 2.11(e), then, with 
respect to such mandatory prepayment, prior to the repayment of any Term 
Loan, the Company
 
94

------------------------------------------------------------------------
may select the Borrowing or Borrowings to be prepaid and shall notify the 
Administrative Agent by telephone (confirmed by electronic means) of such 
selection not later than 12:00 p.m., Local Time, (i) in the case of an ABR 
Borrowing, at least one Business Day before the scheduled date of such 
prepayment and (ii) in the case of a Eurocurrency Borrowing, at least three 
Business Days before the scheduled date of such prepayment (or, in each 
case, such shorter period acceptable to the Administrative Agent); 
provided, that a notice of prepayment may state that such notice is 
conditioned upon the effectiveness of other credit facilities, indentures 
or similar agreements or other transactions, in each case such notice may 
be revoked by the Borrowers (by notice to the Administrative Agent on or 
prior to the specified effective date) if such condition is not satisfied. 
Repayments of Eurocurrency Borrowings pursuant to this Section 2.10 shall 
be accompanied by accrued interest on the amount repaid to the extent 
required by Section 2.13(d).

SECTION 2.11.    Prepayment of Loans.

(a)    (i) Any Borrower shall have the right at any time and from time to 
time to prepay any Loan in whole or in part, without premium or penalty 
(except as provided in clause (ii) of this Section 2.11(a) and subject to 
Section 2.16), in an aggregate principal amount that is an integral 
multiple of the Borrowing Multiple and not less than the Borrowing Minimum 
or, if less, the amount outstanding, upon prior notice in accordance with 
Section 2.10(d). Each such notice shall be signed by a Responsible Officer 
of the Company and shall specify the date and amount of such prepayment and 
the Class(es) and the Type(s) of Loans to be prepaid and, if Eurocurrency 
Loans are to be prepaid, the Interest Period(s) of such Loans. The 
Administrative Agent will promptly notify each applicable Lender of its 
receipt of each such notice, and of the amount of such Lender’s pro rata 
share of such prepayment.

(ii)    Each voluntary prepayment of Term B Loans pursuant to this Section 
2.11(a) shall be subject to the following:

(1)    in the event of any voluntary prepayments of the Term B Loans 
pursuant to this Section 2.11(a) made prior to the first anniversary of the 
Closing Date, the applicable Borrower shall pay, or cause to be paid, to 
the applicable Lenders with respect to such Term B Loans a prepayment 
premium equal to the Applicable Premium on such date on the aggregate 
principal amount of the Term B Loans so prepaid; and

(2ii)    inIn the event of any voluntary prepaymentsthat, on or prior to 
the date that is six months after the First Amendment Effective Date, the 
Borrowers shall (x) make a prepayment of the Term B Loans pursuant to this 
Section 2.11(a) made on or after the first anniversary of the Closing Date 
and prior to the second anniversary of the Closing Date, the applicable 
Borrower shall pay, or cause to be paid, to the applicable Lenders with 
respect to such Term B Loanswith the proceeds of, or any conversion of Term 
B Loans into, any substantially concurrent issuance solely by the Borrowers 
of a new or replacement tranche of long-term senior secured first lien term 
loans incurred solely by the Borrowers that are broadly syndicated to banks 
and other institutional investors in financings similar to the Term B Loans 
the primary purpose of which is to (and which does) reduce the All-in 
Yield of such Term B Loans (other than, for the avoidance of doubt, with 
respect
 
95

------------------------------------------------------------------------
to securitizations) or (y) effect any amendment to this Agreement the 
primary purpose of which is to (and which does) reduce the All-in Yield of 
the Term B Loans (other than, in the case of each of clauses (x) and (y), 
in connection with a Qualified IPO, a Change in Control or a transformative 
acquisition referred to in the last sentence of this paragraph), the 
Borrowers shall pay to the Administrative Agent, for the ratable account of 
each of the applicable Lenders holding Term B Loans, (A) in the case of 
clause (x), a prepayment premium equal to 2of 1.00% of the aggregate 
principal amount of the Term B Loans so prepaid; and

(3B) in the event of any voluntary prepayments of the Term B Loans pursuant 
to this Section 2.11(a) made on or after the second anniversary of the 
Closing Date and prior to the third anniversary of the Closing Date, the 
applicable Borrower shall pay, or cause to be paid, to the applicable 
Lenders with respect to such Term B Loans a prepayment premium equal to 1% 
of the aggregate amount of the Term B Loans so prepaid. No premium shall be 
payable on or after the third anniversary of the Closing Date.case of 
clause (y), a fee equal to 1.00% of the aggregate principal amount of the 
applicable Term B Loans for which the All-in Yield has been reduced 
pursuant to such amendment. Such amounts shall be due and payable on the 
date of such prepayment or the effective date of such amendment, as the 
case may be. For purposes of this Section 2.11(a)(ii), a “transformative 
acquisition” is any acquisition by any Borrower or any Subsidiary that (i) 
is not permitted by the terms of the Loan Documents immediately prior to 
the consummation of such acquisition or (ii) if permitted by the terms of 
the Loan Documents immediately prior to the consummation of such 
acquisition, would not provide the Borrowers and their Subsidiaries with 
adequate flexibility under the Loan Documents for the continuation and/or 
expansion of their combined operations following such consummation, as 
determined by the Borrowers in good faith.

(b)    Subject to Section 2.11(e) and (f), the Borrowers shall apply all 
Net Proceeds promptly upon receipt thereof to prepay Term Loans in 
accordance with clauses (c) and (d) of Section 2.10; provided that, with 
respect to Net Proceeds from Asset Sales, the Borrowers may use a portion 
of such Net Proceeds to prepay or repurchase any First Lien Notes or other 
Indebtedness that is secured by pari passu Liens on the Collateral 
permitted by Section 6.02, in each case in an amount not to exceed the 
product of (x) the amount of such Net Proceeds multiplied by (y) a 
fraction, (A) the numerator of which is the outstanding principal amount of 
such Indebtedness with a pari passu lien on the Collateral and (B) the 
denominator of which is the sum of the outstanding principal amount of such 
Indebtedness and the outstanding principal amount of all Classes of Term 
Loans.

(c)    Subject to Section 2.11(e) and (f), within five (5) Business Days 
after financial statements are delivered under Section 5.04(a) with respect 
to each Excess Cash Flow Period, the Borrowers shall calculate Excess Cash 
Flow for such Excess Cash Flow Period and shall apply an amount equal to 
(i) the amount by which the Required Percentage of such Excess Cash Flow 
exceeds $5.0 million, minus (ii) the sum of (A) the amount of any voluntary 
prepayments during such Excess Cash Flow Period (plus, without duplication 
of any amounts previously deducted under this clause (A), the amount of any 
voluntary prepayments after the end of such Excess Cash Flow Period but 
before the date of prepayment under this clause (c)) of Term Loans and (B) 
the amount of any permanent voluntary reductions during such Excess Cash
 
96

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Flow Period (plus, without duplication of any amounts previously deducted 
under this clause (B), the amount of any permanent voluntary reductions 
after the end of such Excess Cash Flow Period but before the date of 
prepayment under this clause (c)) of Revolving Facility Commitments to the 
extent that an equal amount of Revolving Facility Loans was simultaneously 
repaid, to prepay Term Loans in accordance with clauses (c) and (d) of 
Section 2.10. Not later than the date on which the payment is required to 
be made pursuant to the foregoing sentence for each applicable Excess Cash 
Flow Period, the Company will deliver to the Administrative Agent a 
certificate signed by a Financial Officer of the Company setting forth the 
amount, if any, of Excess Cash Flow for such fiscal year, the amount of any 
required prepayment in respect thereof and the calculation thereof in 
reasonable detail.

(d)    If the Administrative Agent notifies the applicable Borrower at any 
time that the Revolving Facility Credit Exposure for any Revolving Facility 
at such time exceedexceeds an amount equal to 105% of the Revolving 
Facility Commitments then in effect under such Revolving Facility, then, 
within two Business Days after receipt of such notice, the applicable 
Borrower shall (at such Borrower’s option) prepay Revolving Facility Loans 
and/or the Swingline Loans and/or such Borrower shall Cash Collateralize 
the L/C Obligations, in each case, under such Revolving Facility, in an 
aggregate amount sufficient to reduce the Revolving Facility Credit 
Exposure under such Revolving Facility as of such date of payment to an 
amount not to exceed 100% of the Revolving Facility Commitments then in 
effect under such Revolving Facility. The Administrative Agent may, at any 
time and from time to time after any such initial deposit of such Cash 
Collateral, request that additional Cash Collateral be provided in order to 
protect against the results of further exchange rate fluctuations.

(e)    Anything contained herein to the contrary notwithstanding, in the 
event a Borrower is required to make any mandatory prepayment (a “Waivable 
Mandatory Prepayment”) of the Term Loans, not less than three Business Days 
prior to the date (the “Required Prepayment Date”) on which such Borrower 
elects (or is otherwise required) to make such Waivable Mandatory 
Prepayment, such Borrower shall notify the Administrative Agent of the 
amount of such prepayment, and the Administrative Agent will promptly 
thereafter notify each Lender holding an outstanding Term Loan of the 
amount of such Lender’s pro rata share of such Waivable Mandatory 
Prepayment and such Lender’s option to refuse such amount. Each such Lender 
may exercise such option by giving written notice to the Administrative 
Agent of its election to do so on or before the second Business Day prior 
to the Required Prepayment Date (it being understood that any Lender which 
does not notify the Administrative Agent of its election to exercise such 
option on or before the first Business Day prior to the Required Prepayment 
Date shall be deemed to have elected, as of such date, not to exercise such 
option). On the Required Prepayment Date, the applicable Borrower shall pay 
to the Administrative Agent the amount of the Waivable Mandatory Prepayment 
less the amount of Declined Proceeds, which amount shall be applied by the 
Administrative Agent to prepay the Term Loans of those Lenders that have 
elected to accept such Waivable Mandatory Prepayment (each, an “Accepting 
Lender”) (which prepayment shall be applied to the scheduled installments 
of principal of the Term Loans in the applicable Class(es) of Term Loans in 
accordance with paragraphs (c) and (d) of Section 2.10), and (ii) the 
Borrowers may retain a portion of the Waivable Mandatory Prepayment in an 
amount equal to that portion of the Waivable Mandatory Prepayment otherwise 
payable to those Lenders that have elected to exercise such option and 
decline such Waivable Mandatory Prepayment (such declined amounts, the “
Declined Proceeds”). Such Declined Proceeds shall be retained by the 
Borrowers and may be used for any purpose not otherwise prohibited by this 
Agreement.
 
97

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(f)    Notwithstanding any other provisions of this Section 2.11 to the 
contrary, (i) to the extent that any Net Proceeds of any Asset Sale by a 
Foreign Subsidiary or Excess Cash Flow attributable to a Foreign Subsidiary 
is prohibited or delayed by applicable local law from being repatriated to 
the United States, the portion of such Net Proceeds or Excess Cash Flow so 
affected will not be required to be applied to repay Term Loans at the 
times provided in Section 2.11(b) or Section 2.11(c) but may be retained by 
the applicable Foreign Subsidiary so long, but only so long, as the 
applicable local law will not permit repatriation to the United States (the 
Borrowers hereby agreeing to cause the applicable Foreign Subsidiary to 
promptly use commercially reasonable efforts to take all actions reasonably 
required by the applicable local law to permit such repatriation), and once 
such repatriation of any of such affected Net Proceeds or Excess Cash Flow 
is permitted under the applicable local law, such repatriation will be 
effected and such repatriated Net Proceeds or Excess Cash Flow will be 
promptly applied (net of additional taxes payable or reserved against as a 
result thereof) to the repayment of the Term Loans pursuant to Section 
2.11(b) or Section 2.11(c), to the extent provided herein and (ii) to the 
extent that the Borrowers have determined in good faith that repatriation 
of any or all of such Net Proceeds or Excess Cash Flow would have a 
material adverse tax cost consequence with respect to such Net Proceeds or 
Excess Cash Flow, the Net Proceeds or Excess Cash Flow so affected may be 
retained by the applicable Foreign Subsidiary; provided that, in the case 
of this clause (ii), on or before the date on which any Net Proceeds or 
Excess Cash Flow so retained would otherwise have been required to be 
applied to prepayments pursuant to Section 2.11(b) or Section 2.11(c), (x) 
the Borrowers apply an amount equal to such Net Proceeds or Excess Cash 
Flow to such prepayments as if such Net Proceeds or Excess Cash Flow had 
been received by the Borrowers rather than such Foreign Subsidiary, less 
the amount of additional taxes that would have been payable or reserved 
against if such Net Proceeds or Excess Cash Flow had been repatriated (or, 
if less, Net Proceeds or Excess Cash Flow that would be calculated if 
received by such Foreign Subsidiary) or (y) such Net Proceeds or Excess 
Cash Flow is applied to the permanent repayment of Indebtedness of a 
Foreign Subsidiary.

(g)    (i) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in Section 2.11(a) or 
2.18(c) (which provisions shall not be applicable to this Section 2.11(g)), 
any Borrower shall have the right at any time and from time to time to 
prepay Term Loans and/or repay Revolving Facility Loans of any Class (with, 
in the case of Revolving Facility Loans under any Revolving Facility, a 
corresponding permanent reduction in the Revolving Facility Commitment of 
each Lender who receives a Discounted Voluntary Prepayment), to the Lenders 
at a discount to the par value of such Loans and on a non pro rata basis 
(each, a “Discounted Voluntary Prepayment”) pursuant to the procedures 
described in this Section 2.11(g); provided that (A) any Discounted 
Voluntary Prepayment shall be offered to all Lenders with Term Loans of any 
Class and/or Revolving Facility Loans of any Class on a pro rata basis with 
all Lenders of such Class, and after giving effect to any Discounted 
Voluntary Prepayment, there shall be sufficient aggregate Revolving 
Facility Commitments among the Revolving Facility Lenders to apply to the 
Outstanding Amount of the L/C Obligations as of such date, unless the 
applicable Borrower shall concurrently with the payment of the purchase 
price by such Borrower for such Revolving Facility Loans, deposit cash 
collateral in an account with the Administrative Agent pursuant to Section 
2.05(g) in the amount of any such excess Outstanding Amount of the L/C 
Obligations
 
98

------------------------------------------------------------------------
and (B) the Company shall deliver to the Administrative Agent a certificate 
of the Chief Financial Officer of the Company stating (1) that no Default 
or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or would result from the 
Discounted Voluntary Prepayment (after giving effect to any related waivers 
or amendments obtained in connection with such Discounted Voluntary 
Prepayment), (2) that each of the conditions to such Discounted Voluntary 
Prepayment contained in this Section 2.11(g) has been satisfied and (3) the 
aggregate principal amount of Term Loans and/or Revolving Facility Loans so 
prepaid pursuant to such Discounted Voluntary Prepayment.

(ii)    To the extent a Borrower seeks to make a Discounted Voluntary 
Prepayment, such Borrower will provide written notice to the Administrative 
Agent substantially in the form of Exhibit G (each, a “Discounted 
Prepayment Option Notice”) that such Borrower desires to prepay Term Loans 
and/or repay Revolving Facility Loans of an applicable Class (with a 
corresponding permanent reduction in Revolving Facility Commitments of such 
Class) in each case in an aggregate principal amount specified therein by 
such Borrower (each, a “Proposed Discounted Prepayment Amount”), in each 
case at a discount to the par value of such Term Loans and/or Revolving 
Facility Loans as specified below. The Proposed Discounted Prepayment 
Amount of Term Loans or Revolving Facility Loans shall not be less than 
$5.0 million. The Discounted Prepayment Option Notice shall further specify 
with respect to the proposed Discounted Voluntary Prepayment: (A) the 
Proposed Discounted Prepayment Amount for Term Loans and/or Revolving 
Facility Loans of the applicable Class, (B) a discount range (which may be 
a single percentage) selected by the applicable Borrower with respect to 
such proposed Discounted Voluntary Prepayment equal to a percentage of par 
of the principal amount of Term Loans or Revolving Facility Loans of such 
Class (the “Discount Range”) and (C) the date by which Lenders are required 
to indicate their election to participate in such proposed Discounted 
Voluntary Prepayment which shall be at least five Business Days following 
the date of the Discounted Prepayment Option Notice (the “Acceptance Date
”). Upon receipt of a Discounted Prepayment Option Notice with respect to 
Revolving Facility Loans, the Administrative Agent shall notify the L/C 
Issuer thereof and Discounted Voluntary Prepayments in respect thereof 
shall be subject to the consent of the L/C Issuer, such consent not to be 
unreasonably withheld or delayed.

(iii)    Upon receipt of a Discounted Prepayment Option Notice and receipt 
by the Administrative Agent of any required consent from the L/C Issuer in 
accordance with Section 2.11(g)(ii), the Administrative Agent shall 
promptly notify each Lender thereof. On or prior to the Acceptance Date, 
each such Lender may specify by written notice substantially in the form of 
Exhibit H (each, a “Lender Participation Notice”) to the Administrative 
Agent (A) a maximum discount to par (the “Acceptable Discount”) within the 
Discount Range (for example, a Lender specifying a discount to par of 20% 
would accept a purchase price of 80% of the par value of the Loans to be 
prepaid) and (B) a maximum principal amount (subject to rounding 
requirements specified by the Administrative Agent) of Term Loans and/or 
Revolving Facility Loans held by such Lender with respect to which such 
Lender is willing to permit a Discounted Voluntary Prepayment at the 
Acceptable Discount (“Offered Loans”). Based on the Acceptable Discounts 
and principal amounts of Term Loans and/or Revolving Facility Loans of the 
applicable Class(es) specified by the Lenders in the applicable Lender 
Participation Notice, the Administrative Agent, in consultation with the 
Company, shall determine the applicable discount for Term Loans and/or 
Revolving Facility Loans of the applicable Class(es) (the “Applicable 
Discount”), which Applicable Discount shall be (A) the percentage specified 
by the applicable
 
99

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Borrower if such Borrower has selected a single percentage pursuant to 
Section 2.11(g)(ii) for the Discounted Voluntary Prepayment or (B) 
otherwise, the highest Acceptable Discount at which such Borrower can pay 
the Proposed Discounted Prepayment Amount in full (determined by adding the 
principal amounts of Offered Loans commencing with the Offered Loans with 
the highest Acceptable Discount); provided, however, that in the event that 
such Proposed Discounted Prepayment Amount cannot be repaid in full at any 
Acceptable Discount, the Applicable Discount shall be the lowest Acceptable 
Discount specified by the Lenders that is within the Discount Range. The 
Applicable Discount shall be applicable for all Lenders who have offered to 
participate in the Discounted Voluntary Prepayment and have Qualifying 
Loans (as defined below). Any Lender with outstanding Loans whose Lender 
Participation Notice is not received by the Administrative Agent by the 
Acceptance Date shall be deemed to have declined to accept a Discounted 
Voluntary Prepayment of any of its Loans at any discount to their par value 
within the Applicable Discount.

(iv)    The applicable Borrower shall make a Discounted Voluntary 
Prepayment by prepaying those Term Loans and/or Revolving Facility Loans 
(or the respective portions thereof) (with, in the case of Revolving 
Facility Loans, a corresponding permanent reduction in Revolving Facility 
Commitments) of the applicable Class(es) offered by the Lenders (“
Qualifying Lenders”) that specify an Acceptable Discount that is equal to 
or greater than the Applicable Discount (“Qualifying Loans”) at the 
Applicable Discount; provided that if the aggregate proceeds required to 
prepay all Qualifying Loans (disregarding any interest payable at such 
time) would exceed the amount of aggregate proceeds required to prepay the 
Proposed Discounted Prepayment Amount, such amounts in each case calculated 
by applying the Applicable Discount, such Borrower shall prepay such 
Qualifying Loans ratably among the Qualifying Lenders based on their 
respective principal amounts of such Qualifying Loans (subject to rounding 
requirements specified by the Administrative Agent). If the aggregate 
proceeds required to prepay all Qualifying Loans (disregarding any interest 
payable at such time) would be less than the amount of aggregate proceeds 
required to prepay the Proposed Discounted Prepayment Amount, such amounts 
in each case calculated by applying the Applicable Discount, such Borrower 
shall prepay all Qualifying Loans.

(v)    Each Discounted Voluntary Prepayment shall be made within five 
Business Days of the Acceptance Date (or such later date as the 
Administrative Agent shall reasonably agree, given the time required to 
calculate the Applicable Discount and determine the amount and holders of 
Qualifying Loans), without premium or penalty (but subject to Section 
2.16), upon irrevocable notice substantially in the form of Exhibit I 
(each a “Discounted Voluntary Prepayment Notice”), delivered to the 
Administrative Agent no later than 1:00 P.M. Local time, three Business 
Days prior to the date of such Discounted Voluntary Prepayment, which 
notice shall specify the date and amount of the Discounted Voluntary 
Prepayment and the Applicable Discount determined by the Administrative 
Agent. Upon receipt of any Discounted Voluntary Prepayment Notice the 
Administrative Agent shall promptly notify each relevant Lender thereof. If 
any Discounted Voluntary Prepayment Notice is given, the amount specified 
in such notice shall be due and payable to the applicable Lenders, subject 
to the Applicable Discount on the applicable Loans, on the date specified 
therein together with accrued interest (on the par principal amount) to but 
not including such date on the amount prepaid.
 
100

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(vi)    To the extent not expressly provided for herein, each Discounted 
Voluntary Prepayment shall be consummated pursuant to reasonable procedures 
(including as to timing, rounding, minimum amounts, Type and Interest 
Periods and calculation of Applicable Discount in accordance with Section 
2.11(g)(iii) above) established by the Administrative Agent in consultation 
with the Company.

(vii)    Prior to the delivery of a Discounted Voluntary Prepayment Notice, 
upon written notice to the Administrative Agent, (A) any Borrower may 
withdraw its offer to make a Discounted Voluntary Prepayment pursuant to 
any Discounted Prepayment Option Notice and (B) any Lender may withdraw its 
offer to participate in a Discounted Voluntary Prepayment pursuant to any 
Lender Participation Notice.

SECTION 2.12.    Fees.

(a)    The Borrowers agree to pay to each Lender (other than any Defaulting 
Lender), through the Administrative Agent, on the date that is three 
Business Days after the last Business Day of March, June, September and 
December in each year, and the date on which the Revolving Facility 
Commitments of the applicable Class of such Lender shall be terminated as 
provided herein, a commitment fee in Dollars (a “Commitment Fee”) on the 
daily amount of the Available Unused Commitment of such Lender during the 
preceding quarter (or other period commencing with the Closing Date or 
ending with the date on which the last of the Commitments of such Lender 
shall be terminated) at a rate equal to the Applicable Commitment Fee for 
the applicable Class with respect to such Lender. All Commitment Fees shall 
be computed on the basis of the actual number of days elapsed in a year of 
360 days. For the purpose of calculating any Lender’s Commitment Fee (other 
than with respect to the Swingline Lender), the outstanding Swingline Loans 
during the period for which such Lender’s Commitment Fee is calculated 
shall be deemed to be zero. The Commitment Fee due to each Lender shall 
commence to accrue on the Closing Date and shall cease to accrue on the 
date on which the last of the Commitments of such Lender shall be 
terminated as provided herein.

(b)    The Borrowers from time to time agree to pay (i) to each Revolving 
Facility Lender (other than any Defaulting Lender; provided that at any 
time that an L/C Issuer has Fronting Exposure to a Defaulting Lender, until 
such Fronting Exposure has been reduced to zero, the L/C Participation Fee 
attributable to such Fronting Exposure in respect of Letters of Credit 
issued by such L/C Issuer shall be payable to such L/C Issuer) under any 
Revolving Facility, through the Administrative Agent, three Business Days 
after the last day of March, June, September and December of each year and 
three Business Days after the date on which the Revolving Facility 
Commitments of all the Lenders under such Revolving Facility shall be 
terminated as provided herein, a fee (an “L/C Participation Fee”) on such 
Lender’s Revolving Facility Percentage of the daily aggregate Outstanding 
Amount of L/C Obligations (excluding the portion thereof attributable to 
Unreimbursed Amounts) of such Class, during the preceding quarter (or 
shorter period commencing with the Closing Date or ending with the 
Revolving Facility Maturity Date with respect to such Revolving Facility or 
the date on which the Revolving Facility Commitments of such Class shall be 
terminated) at the rate per annum equal to the Applicable Margin for 
Eurocurrency Revolving Facility Borrowings of such Class made by such 
Lender effective for each day in such period and (ii) to each L/C Issuer, 
for its own account (x) three Business Days after the last Business Day of 
March, June, September and
 
101

------------------------------------------------------------------------
December of each year and on the date on which the Revolving Facility 
Commitments of all the Lenders under such Class shall be terminated as 
provided herein, a fronting fee in Dollars in respect of each Letter of 
Credit issued by such L/C Issuer for the period from and including the date 
of issuance of such Letter of Credit to and including the termination of 
such Letter of Credit, computed at a rate equal to 1/8 of 1% per annum of 
the daily stated amount of such Letter of Credit), plus (y) in connection 
with the issuance, amendment or transfer of any such Letter of Credit or 
any drawing thereunder, such L/C Issuer’s customary documentary and 
processing fees and charges (collectively, “L/C Issuer Fees”). All L/C 
Participation Fees and L/C Issuer Fees shall be computed on the basis of 
the actual number of days elapsed in a year of 360 days.

(c)    The Borrowers agree to pay to the Administrative Agent, for the 
account of the Administrative Agent, the agency fees set forth in the Fee 
Letter, as amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time 
to time, at the times specified therein (the “Administrative Agent Fees”).

(d)    The Borrowers agree to pay on the Closing Date to each Term Lender 
party to this Agreement on the Closing Date, as fee compensation for the 
funding of such Lender’s Term B Loan, a closing fee (the “Term Closing Fee
”) in an amount equal to 2.00% of the stated principal amount of such 
Lender’s Term B Loan, payable to such Lender from the proceeds of its Term 
B Loan as and when funded on the Closing Date. Such Term Closing Fee will 
be in all respects fully earned, due and payable on the Closing Date and 
nonrefundable and non-creditable thereafter.

(e)    All Fees shall be paid on the dates due, in immediately available 
funds, to the Administrative Agent for distribution, if and as appropriate, 
among the Lenders, except that L/C Issuer Fees shall be paid directly to 
the applicable L/C Issuers. Once paid, none of the Fees shall be refundable 
under any circumstances.

SECTION 2.13.    Interest.

(a)    The Loans comprising each ABR Borrowing (including each Swingline 
Loan) shall bear interest at the ABR plus the Applicable Margin.

(b)    The Loans comprising each Eurocurrency Borrowing shall bear interest 
at the Adjusted Eurocurrency Rate for the Interest Period in effect for 
such Borrowing plus the Applicable Margin.

(c)    Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any principal of or interest on 
any Loan or any Fees or other amount payable by a Borrower hereunder is not 
paid when due, whether at stated maturity, upon acceleration or otherwise, 
such overdue amount shall bear interest, after as well as before judgment, 
at a rate per annum equal to (i) in the case of overdue principal of any 
Loan, 2% plus the rate otherwise applicable to such Loan as provided in the 
preceding paragraphs of this Section or (ii) in the case of any other 
overdue amount, 2% plus the rate applicable to ABR Loans as provided in 
paragraph (a) of this Section; provided, that this paragraph (c) shall not 
apply to any Event of Default that has been waived by the Lenders pursuant 
to Section 9.08.
 
102

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(d)    Accrued interest on each Loan shall be payable in arrears (i) on 
each Interest Payment Date for such Loan, (ii) in the case of Revolving 
Facility Loans under any Revolving Facility, upon termination of the 
Revolving Facility Commitments with respect to such Revolving Facility and 
(iii) in the case of the Term Loans, on the applicable Term Facility 
Maturity Date; provided, that (i) interest accrued pursuant to paragraph 
(c) of this Section shall be payable on demand, and (ii) in the event of 
any repayment or prepayment of any Loan (other than a prepayment of an ABR 
Loan (including any Swingline Loan) prior to the end of the Availability 
Period), accrued interest on the principal amount repaid or prepaid shall 
be payable on the date of such repayment or prepayment.

(e)    All interest hereunder shall be computed on the basis of a year of 
360 days, except that interest computed by reference to the ABR at times 
when the ABR is based on the prime rate shall be computed on the basis of a 
year of 365 days (or 366 days in a leap year), and in each case shall be 
payable for the actual number of days elapsed (including the first day but 
excluding the last day). The applicable ABR, Adjusted Eurocurrency Rate or 
Eurocurrency Rate shall be determined by the Administrative Agent, and such 
determination shall be conclusive absent manifest error.

SECTION 2.14.    Alternate Rate of Interest. If prior to the commencement 
of any Interest Period for a Eurocurrency Borrowing:

(a)    the Administrative Agent determines (which determination shall be 
conclusive absent manifest error) that adequate and reasonable means do not 
exist for ascertaining the Adjusted Eurocurrency Rate, as applicable, for 
such Interest Period; or

(b)    the Administrative Agent is advised by the Required Lenders or the 
Majority Lenders under all of the Revolving FacilityFacilities that the 
Adjusted Eurocurrency Rate for such Interest Period will not adequately and 
fairly reflect the cost to such Lenders of making or maintaining their 
Loans included in such Borrowing for such Interest Period;

then the Administrative Agent shall give notice thereof to the Borrowers 
and the Lenders by telephone or electronic means as promptly as practicable 
thereafter and, until the Administrative Agent notifies the Borrowers and 
the Lenders that the circumstances giving rise to such notice no longer 
exist, (i) any Interest Election Request that requests the conversion of 
any Borrowing to, or continuation of any Borrowing as, a Eurocurrency 
Borrowing denominated in the applicable currency shall be ineffective and 
in the case of any Borrowing denominated in Dollars, such Borrowing shall 
be converted to or continued as on the last day of the Interest Period 
applicable thereto as an ABR Borrowing and (ii) if any Borrowing Request 
requests a Eurocurrency Borrowing in Dollars, such Borrowing shall be made 
as an ABR Borrowing.

SECTION 2.15.    Increased Costs.

(a)    If any Change in Law shall:

(i)    impose, modify or deem applicable any reserve, special deposit or 
similar requirement against assets of, deposits with or for the account of, 
or credit extended by, any Lender (except any such reserve requirement 
reflected in the Adjusted Eurocurrency Rate) or L/C Issuer;
 
103

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(ii)    subject any Lender or L/C Issuer to any Tax with respect to any 
Loan Document or any Eurocurrency Loan made by it or any Letter of Credit 
or participation therein (other than Taxes indemnifiable under Section 2.17 
or Excluded Taxes); or

(iii)    impose on any Lender or the L/C Issuer or the London interbank 
market any other condition affecting this Agreement or Eurocurrency Loans 
made by such Lender or any Letter of Credit or participation therein;

and the result of any of the foregoing shall be to increase the cost to 
such Lender of making or maintaining any Eurocurrency Loan (or of 
maintaining its obligation to make any such Loan) or to increase the cost 
to such Lender or L/C Issuer of participating in, issuing or maintaining 
any Letter of Credit or to reduce the amount of any sum received or 
receivable by such Lender or L/C Issuer hereunder (whether of principal, 
interest or otherwise), then the Borrowers will pay to such Lender or L/C 
Issuer, as applicable, such additional amount or amounts as will compensate 
such Lender or L/C Issuer, as applicable, for such additional costs 
incurred or reduction suffered.

(b)    If any Lender or L/C Issuer determines that any Change in Law 
regarding capital requirements has or would have the effect of reducing the 
rate of return on such Lender’s or L/C Issuer’s capital or on the capital 
of such Lender’s or L/C Issuer’s holding company, if any, as a consequence 
of this Agreement or the Loans made by, or participations in Letters of 
Credit or Swingline Loans held by, such Lender, or the Letters of Credit 
issued by such L/C Issuer, to a level below that which such Lender or such 
L/C Issuer or such Lender’s or such L/C Issuer’s holding company could have 
achieved but for such Change in Law (taking into consideration such 
Lender’s or such L/C Issuer’s policies and the policies of such Lender’s or 
such L/C Issuer’s holding company with respect to capital adequacy), then 
from time to time the Borrowers shall pay to such Lender or such L/C 
Issuer, as applicable, such additional amount or amounts as will compensate 
such Lender or such L/C Issuer or such Lender’s or such L/C Issuer’s 
holding company for any such reduction suffered.

(c)    A certificate of a Lender or an L/C Issuer setting forth the amount 
or amounts necessary to compensate such Lender or L/C Issuer or its holding 
company, as applicable, as specified in paragraph (a) or (b) of this 
Section shall be delivered to the Borrowers and shall be conclusive absent 
manifest error. The Borrowers shall pay such Lender or L/C Issuer, as 
applicable, the amount shown as due on any such certificate within 10 days 
after receipt thereof.

(d)    Promptly after any Lender or any L/C Issuer has determined that it 
will make a request for increased compensation pursuant to this Section 
2.15, such Lender or L/C Issuer shall notify the Borrowers thereof. Failure 
or delay on the part of any Lender or L/C Issuer to demand compensation 
pursuant to this Section shall not constitute a waiver of such Lender’s or 
L/C Issuer’s right to demand such compensation; provided, that the 
Borrowers shall not be required to compensate a Lender or an L/C Issuer 
pursuant to this Section for any increased costs or reductions incurred 
more than 180 days prior to the date that such Lender or L/C Issuer, as 
applicable, notifies the Borrowers of the Change in Law giving rise to such
 
104

------------------------------------------------------------------------
increased costs or reductions and of such Lender’s or L/C Issuer’s 
intention to claim compensation therefor; provided, further, that, if the 
Change in Law giving rise to such increased costs or reductions is 
retroactive, then the 180-day period referred to above shall be extended to 
include the period of retroactive effect thereof.

SECTION 2.16.    Break Funding Payments . In the event of (a) the payment 
of any principal of any Eurocurrency Loan other than on the last day of an 
Interest Period applicable thereto (including as a result of an Event of 
Default), (b) the failure to borrow, convert, continue or prepay any 
Eurocurrency Loan on the date specified in any notice delivered pursuant 
hereto or (c) the assignment of any Eurocurrency Loan other than on the 
last day of the Interest Period applicable thereto as a result of a request 
by a Borrower pursuant to Section 2.19, then, in any such event, the 
Borrowers shall compensate each Lender for the loss, cost and expense 
attributable to such event. In the case of a Eurocurrency Loan, such loss, 
cost or expense to any Lender shall be deemed to be the amount determined 
by such Lender (it being understood that the deemed amount shall not exceed 
the actual amount) to be the excess, if any, of (i) the amount of interest 
which would have accrued on the principal amount of such Loan had such 
event not occurred, at the Adjusted Eurocurrency Rate that would have been 
applicable to such Loan, for the period from the date of such event to the 
last day of the then current Interest Period therefor (or, in the case of a 
failure to borrow, convert or continue a Eurocurrency Loan, for the period 
that would have been the Interest Period for such Loan), over (ii) the 
amount of interest which would accrue on such principal amount for such 
period at the interest rate which such Lender would bid were it to bid, at 
the commencement of such period, for deposits in dollars of a comparable 
amount and period from other banks in the Eurocurrency market. A 
certificate of any Lender setting forth any amount or amounts that such 
Lender is entitled to receive pursuant to this Section shall be delivered 
to the Borrowers and shall be conclusive absent manifest error. The 
Borrowers shall pay such Lender the amount shown as due on any such 
certificate within 10 days after receipt thereof.

SECTION 2.17.    Taxes.

(a)    Any and all payments by or on account of any obligation of any Loan 
Party under any Loan Document shall be made free and clear of and without 
withholding or deduction for any Taxes except as required by law; provided
, that if any applicable withholding agent shall be required to withhold or 
deduct any Taxes in respect of any such payments, then (i) if such Tax is 
an Indemnified Tax or Other Tax, the sum payable by the applicable Loan 
Party shall be increased as necessary so that after all required 
withholding or deductions have been made (including withholding or 
deductions applicable to additional sums payable under this Section 2.17) 
the applicable Lender (or, in the case of a payment to the Administrative 
Agent for its own account, the Administrative Agent), receives an amount 
equal to the sum it would have received had no such withholding or 
deductions been made, (ii) the applicable withholding agent shall make such 
withholding or deductions and (iii) the applicable withholding agent shall 
timely pay the full amount withheld or deducted to the relevant 
Governmental Authority in accordance with applicable law.

(b)    In addition, the Loan Parties shall pay any Other Taxes to the 
relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with applicable law.
 
105

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(c)    Each Loan Party shall jointly and severally indemnify the 
Administrative Agent and each Lender, within 10 days after written demand 
therefor, for the full amount of any Indemnified Taxes or Other Taxes 
payable by the Administrative Agent or such Lender, as applicable 
(including Indemnified Taxes or Other Taxes imposed or asserted on or 
attributable to amounts payable under this Section 2.17), and any 
reasonable expenses arising therefrom or with respect thereto, whether or 
not such Indemnified Taxes or Other Taxes were correctly or legally imposed 
or asserted by the relevant Governmental Authority. A certificate as to the 
amount of such payment or liability delivered to such Loan Party by a 
Lender, or by the Administrative Agent on its own behalf, on behalf of 
another Agent or on behalf of a Lender, shall be conclusive absent manifest 
error.

(d)    As soon as practicable after any payment of Indemnified Taxes or 
Other Taxes by a Loan Party to a Governmental Authority, such Loan Party 
shall deliver to the Administrative Agent the original or a certified copy 
of a receipt issued by such Governmental Authority evidencing such payment, 
a copy of the return reporting such payment or other evidence of such 
payment reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent.

(e)    Each Foreign Lender shall deliver to the Borrowers and the 
Administrative Agent on or prior to the date on which such Foreign Lender 
becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter 
upon the reasonable request of the Borrowers or the Administrative Agent), 
two original copies of whichever of the following is applicable: (i) duly 
completed copies of Internal Revenue Service Form W-8BEN (or any subsequent 
versions thereof or successors thereto), claiming eligibility for benefits 
of an income tax treaty to which the United States of America is a party, 
(ii) duly completed copies of Internal Revenue Service Form W-8ECI (or any 
subsequent versions thereof or successors thereto), (iii) in the case of a 
Foreign Lender claiming the benefits of the exemption for portfolio 
interest under Section 871(h) or 881(c) of the Code, (x) a certificate in a 
form reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent (a “Non-Bank 
Certificate”), and (y) duly completed copies of Internal Revenue Service 
Form W-8BEN (or any subsequent versions thereof or successors thereto), 
(iv) to the extent the Foreign Lender is not the beneficial owner (e.g., 
where the Foreign Lender is a partnership or participating Lender), duly 
completed copies of Internal Revenue Service Form W-8IMY, together with 
appropriate forms and certificates described in Sections 2.17(e)(i) through 
(iii) and any additional Form W-8IMYs, withholding statements and other 
information as may be required by law (provided that, where a Foreign 
Lender is a partnership (and not a participating Lender) and one or more of 
its direct or indirect partners are claiming the portfolio interest 
exemption, the Foreign Lender may provide the Non-Bank Certificate on 
behalf of such direct or indirect partners) or (v) any other form 
prescribed by applicable law as a basis for claiming exemption from or a 
reduction in United States federal withholding tax duly completed together 
with such supplementary documentation as may be prescribed by applicable 
law to permit the Borrowers or the Administrative Agent to determine the 
withholding or deduction required to be made.

(f)    Each U.S. Lender shall deliver to the Borrowers and the 
Administrative Agent two duly completed copies of Internal Revenue Service 
Form W-9 (or any subsequent versions thereof or successors thereto) 
certifying that such U.S. Lender is exempt from U.S. federal backup 
withholding on or before the date such U.S. Lender becomes a party and upon 
the expiration of any form previously delivered by such U.S. Lender.
 
106

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(g)    If a payment made to a Lender under any Loan Document would be 
subject to U.S. federal withholding Tax imposed by FATCA if such Lender 
were to fail to comply with the applicable reporting requirements of FATCA 
(including those contained in Section 1471(b) or 1472(b) of the Code, as 
applicable), such Lender shall deliver to the Borrowers and the 
Administrative Agent, at the time or times prescribed by law and at such 
time or times reasonably requested by the Borrowers or the Administrative 
Agent, such documentation prescribed by applicable law (including as 
prescribed by Section 1471(b)(3)(C)(i) of the Code) and such additional 
documentation reasonably requested by the Borrowers or the Administrative 
Agent as may be necessary for the Borrowers or the Administrative Agent to 
comply with their obligations under FATCA, to determine whether such Lender 
has complied with such Lender’s obligations under FATCA and to determine 
the amount, if any, to deduct and withhold from such payment.

(h)    Notwithstanding any other provision of Section 2.17(e), (f) or (g), 
a Lender shall not be required to deliver any form that such Lender is not 
legally eligible to deliver.

(i)    Each Lender shall, whenever a lapse in time or change in 
circumstances renders any documentation previously provided pursuant to 
Sections 2.17(e), (f) or (g) obsolete, expired or inaccurate in any 
respect, deliver promptly to the Borrowers and the Administrative Agent 
updated or other appropriate documentation (including any new documentation 
reasonably requested by the Borrowers or the Administrative Agent) or 
promptly notify the Borrowers and the Administrative Agent in writing of 
its legal ineligibility to do so.

(j)    If any Borrower determines that a reasonable basis exists for 
contesting an Indemnified Tax or Other Tax for which a Loan Party has paid 
additional amounts or indemnification payments, each affected Lender or the 
Administrative Agent, as the case may be, shall use reasonable efforts to 
cooperate with such Borrower as such Borrower may reasonably request in 
contesting such Tax; provided that nothing in this Section 2.17(j) shall 
obligate any Lender or the Administrative Agent to take any action that 
such person, in its sole judgment, determines may result in a material 
detriment to such person. The Borrowers shall indemnify and hold each 
Lender and the Administrative Agent harmless against any out-of-pocket 
expenses incurred by such person in connection with any request made by the 
Borrowers pursuant to this Section 2.17(j). Any refund received from a 
successful contest shall be governed by Section 2.17(k).

(k)    If the Administrative Agent or a Lender has received a refund of any 
Indemnified Taxes or Other Taxes as to which it has been indemnified by a 
Loan Party or with respect to which such Loan Party has paid additional 
amounts pursuant to this Section 2.17, it shall pay over such refund to 
such Loan Party (but only to the extent of indemnity payments made, or 
additional amounts paid, by such Loan Party under this Section 2.17 with 
respect to the Indemnified Taxes or Other Taxes giving rise to such 
refund), net of all reasonable out-of-pocket expenses of the Administrative 
Agent or such Lender (including any Taxes imposed with respect to such 
refund) as is determined by the Administrative Agent or Lender in good 
faith, and without interest (other than any interest paid by the relevant 
Governmental Authority with respect to such refund); provided, that such 
Loan Party, upon the request of the Administrative Agent or such Lender, 
agrees to repay as soon as reasonably practicable the amount paid over to
 
107

------------------------------------------------------------------------
such Loan Party (plus any penalties, interest or other charges imposed by 
the relevant Governmental Authority) to the Administrative Agent or such 
Lender in the event the Administrative Agent or such Lender is required to 
repay such refund to such Governmental Authority. In such event, such 
Lender or the Administrative Agent, as the case may be, shall, at the 
applicable Loan Party’s request, provide such Loan Party with a copy of any 
notice of assessment or other evidence of the requirement to repay such 
refund received from the relevant Governmental Authority (provided that 
such Lender or the Administrative Agent may delete any information therein 
that it deems confidential). A Lender or the Administrative Agent shall 
claim any refund that it determines is available to it, unless it concludes 
in its sole discretion that it would be adversely affected by making such a 
claim. This Section 2.17(k) shall not be construed to require the 
Administrative Agent or any Lender to make available its Tax returns (or 
any other information relating to its Taxes which it deems in good faith to 
be confidential) to the Loan Parties or any other person. Notwithstanding 
anything to the contrary, in no event will any Lender be required to pay 
any amount to a Loan Party the payment of which would place such Lender in 
a less favorable net after tax position than such Lender would have been in 
if the additional amounts giving rise to such refund of any Indemnified 
Taxes or Other Taxes had never been paid.

(l)    If any Administrative Agent is a “United States person” (as defined 
in Section 7701(a)(30) of the Code), it shall provide the Borrowers, on or 
before the date on which it becomes a party to this Agreement, with two 
duly completed original copies of Internal Revenue Service Form W-9 (or any 
successor form) certifying that such Administrative Agent is exempt from 
U.S. federal backup withholding. If any Administrative Agent is not a 
“United States person” (as defined in Section 7701(a)(30) of the Code), on 
or before the date on which it becomes a party to this Agreement, it shall 
provide (1) Internal Revenue Service Form W-8ECI (or any successor form) 
with respect to payments to be received by it as a beneficial owner and (2) 
Internal Revenue Service Form W-8IMY (or any successor form), together with 
required accompanying documentation, with respect to payments to be 
received by it on behalf of the Lenders. Each Administrative Agent shall, 
whenever a lapse in time or change in circumstances renders any 
documentation previously provided pursuant to Sections 2.17(l) obsolete, 
expired or inaccurate in any respect, deliver promptly to the Borrowers 
updated or other appropriate documentation (including any new documentation 
reasonably requested by the Borrowers) or promptly notify the Borrowers in 
writing of its legal ineligibility to do so. Notwithstanding anything to 
the contrary, nothing in this Section 2.17(l) shall require any 
Administrative Agent to provide any documentation that it is not legally 
eligible to provide as a result of any Change of Law after the date hereof.

(m)    For the avoidance of doubt, the term “Lender” shall, for purposes of 
this Section 2.17, include any L/C Issuer and any Swingline Lender.

SECTION 2.18.    Payments Generally; Pro Rata Treatment; Sharing of 
Set-offs.

(a)    The Borrowers shall make each payment required to be made by it 
hereunder (whether of principal, interest, fees or reimbursement of 
drawings under Letters of Credit, or of amounts payable under Section 2.15, 
2.16, or 2.17, or otherwise) without condition or deduction for any 
defense, recoupment, set-off or counterclaim. Except as otherwise expressly 
provided herein, all payments by the Borrowers hereunder shall be made to 
the
 
108

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Administrative Agent, for the account of the respective Lenders to which 
such payment is owed, at the applicable Administrative Agent’s Office in 
Dollars and in Same Day Funds not later than 2:00 p.m., Local Time, on the 
date specified herein. Any amounts received after such time on any date 
may, in the discretion of the Administrative Agent, be deemed to have been 
received on the next succeeding Business Day for purposes of calculating 
interest thereon. All such payments shall be made to the Administrative 
Agent to the applicable account designated to the applicable Borrower by 
the Administrative Agent, except payments to be made directly to the 
applicable L/C Issuer or the Swingline Lender as expressly provided herein 
and except that payments pursuant to Sections 2.15, 2.16, 2.17 and 9.05 
shall be made directly to the persons entitled thereto. Without limiting 
the generality of the foregoing, the Administrative Agent may require that 
any payments due under this Agreement be made in the United States. The 
Administrative Agent shall distribute any such payments received by it for 
the account of any other person to the appropriate recipient promptly 
following receipt thereof. If any payment hereunder shall be due on a day 
that is not a Business Day, the date for payment shall be extended to the 
next succeeding Business Day, and, in the case of any payment accruing 
interest, interest thereon shall be payable for the period of such 
extension. Any payment required to be made by the Administrative Agent 
hereunder shall be deemed to have been made by the time required if the 
Administrative Agent shall, at or before such time, have taken the 
necessary steps to make such payment in accordance with the regulations or 
operating procedures of the clearing or settlement system used by the 
Administrative Agent to make such payment.

(b)    If at any time insufficient funds are received by and available to 
the Administrative Agent from the Borrowers to pay fully all amounts of 
principal, Unreimbursed Amounts, interest and fees then due from the 
Borrowers hereunder, such funds shall be applied (i) first, towards payment 
of interest and fees then due from the Borrowers hereunder, ratably among 
the parties entitled thereto in accordance with the amounts of interest and 
fees then due to such parties and (ii) second, towards payment of principal 
of Loans and Unreimbursed Amounts then due from the Borrowers hereunder, 
ratably among the parties entitled thereto in accordance with the amounts 
of principal and Unreimbursed Amounts then due to such parties.

(c)    If any Lender shall, by exercising any right of set-off or 
counterclaim or otherwise, obtain payment in respect of any principal of or 
interest on any of its Term Loans, Revolving Facility Loans or 
participations in Letters of Credit or Swingline Loans resulting in such 
Lender receiving payment of a greater proportion of the aggregate amount of 
its Term Loans, Revolving Facility Loans and participations in Letters of 
Credit and Swingline Loans and accrued interest thereon than the proportion 
received by any other Lender entitled thereto, then the Lender receiving 
such greater proportion shall purchase participations in the Term Loans, 
Revolving Facility Loans and participations in Letters of Credit and 
Swingline Loans of other Lenders entitled thereto to the extent necessary 
so that the benefit of all such payments shall be shared by the Lenders 
entitled thereto ratably in accordance with the aggregate amount of 
principal of and accrued interest on their respective Term Loans, Revolving 
Facility Loans and participations in Letters of Credit and Swingline Loans; 
provided, that (i) if any such participations are purchased and all or any 
portion of the payment giving rise thereto is recovered, such 
participations shall be rescinded and the purchase price restored to the 
extent of such recovery, without interest, and (ii) the provisions of this 
paragraph (c) shall not be construed to apply to any payment made by the 
Borrowers pursuant to and in accordance with the express terms of this 
Agreement (including, without limitation, pursuant to Section 2.11(g)
 
109

------------------------------------------------------------------------
and Section 9.04(i)) or any payment obtained by a Lender as consideration 
for the assignment of or sale of a participation in any of its Loans or 
participations in Letters of Credit to any assignee or participant, other 
than to a Borrower or any Subsidiary thereof (as to which the provisions of 
this paragraph (c) shall apply). Each Borrower consents to the foregoing 
and agrees, to the extent it may effectively do so under applicable law, 
that any Lender acquiring a participation pursuant to the foregoing 
arrangements may exercise against such Borrower rights of set-off and 
counterclaim with respect to such participation as fully as if such Lender 
were a direct creditor of such Borrower in the amount of such 
participation.

(d)    Unless the Administrative Agent shall have received notice from any 
Borrower prior to the date on which any payment is due to the 
Administrative Agent for the account of the Lenders or the applicable L/C 
Issuer hereunder that such Borrower will not make such payment, the 
Administrative Agent may assume that such Borrower have made such payment 
on such date in accordance herewith and may, in reliance upon such 
assumption, distribute to the Lenders or the applicable L/C Issuer, as 
applicable, the amount due. In such event, if such Borrower has not in fact 
made such payment, then each of the Lenders or the applicable L/C Issuer, 
as applicable, severally agrees to repay to the Administrative Agent 
forthwith on demand the amount so distributed to such Lender or L/C Issuer 
with interest thereon, for each day from and including the date such amount 
is distributed to it to but excluding the date of payment to the 
Administrative Agent, at the Overnight Rate.

(e)    If any Lender shall fail to make any payment required to be made by 
it pursuant to Section 2.04(c), 2.05(d) or (e), 2.06(b) or 2.18(d), then 
the Administrative Agent may, in its discretion (notwithstanding any 
contrary provision hereof), apply any amounts thereafter received by the 
Administrative Agent for the account of such Lender to satisfy such 
Lender’s obligations under such Sections until all such unsatisfied 
obligations are fully paid.

SECTION 2.19.    Mitigation Obligations; Replacement of Lenders.

(a)    If any Lender requests compensation under Section 2.15, or if any 
Borrower is required to pay any additional amount to any Lender or any 
Governmental Authority for the account of any Lender pursuant to Section 
2.17, then such Lender shall use reasonable efforts to designate a 
different lending office for funding or booking its Loans hereunder or to 
assign its rights and obligations hereunder to another of its offices, 
branches or Affiliates, if, in the reasonable judgment of such Lender, such 
designation or assignment (i) would eliminate or reduce amounts payable 
pursuant to Section 2.15 or 2.17, as applicable, in the future and (ii) 
would not subject such Lender to any material unreimbursed cost or expense 
and would not otherwise be disadvantageous to such Lender in any material 
respect. The Borrowers hereby agree to pay all reasonable costs and 
expenses incurred by any Lender in connection with any such designation or 
assignment.

(b)    If any Lender requests compensation under Section 2.15, or if any 
Borrower is required to pay any additional amount to any Lender or any 
Governmental Authority for the account of any Lender pursuant to Section 
2.17, or if any Lender is a Defaulting Lender, or if any Lender is the 
subject of a Disqualification, then any Borrower may, at its sole expense 
and effort, upon notice to such Lender and the Administrative Agent, 
require such Lender to assign and delegate, without recourse (in accordance 
with and subject to the restrictions
 
110

------------------------------------------------------------------------
contained in Section 9.04), all its interests, rights and obligations under 
this Agreement to an assignee that shall assume such obligations (which 
assignee may be another Lender, if a Lender accepts such assignment); 
provided, that (i) the Borrowers shall have received the prior written 
consent of the Administrative Agent (and, if in respect of any Revolving 
Facility Commitment or Revolving Facility Loan, the Swingline Lender and 
the L/C Issuer), which consent shall not unreasonably be withheld, (ii) 
such Lender shall have received payment of an amount equal to the 
outstanding principal of its Loans and participations in L/C Obligations 
and Swingline Loans, accrued interest thereon, accrued fees and all other 
amounts payable to it hereunder, from the assignee (to the extent of such 
outstanding principal and accrued interest and fees) or the Borrowers (in 
the case of all other amounts) and (iii) in the case of any such assignment 
resulting from a claim for compensation under Section 2.15 or payments 
required to be made pursuant to Section 2.17, such assignment will result 
in a reduction in such compensation or payments. Nothing in this Section 
2.19 shall be deemed to prejudice any rights that the Borrowers may have 
against any Lender that is a Defaulting Lender. No action by or consent of 
the removed Lender shall be necessary in connection with such assignment, 
which shall be immediately and automatically effective upon payment of such 
purchase price. In connection with any such assignment the Borrowers, 
Administrative Agent, such removed Lender and the replacement Lender shall 
otherwise comply with Section 9.04; provided, that if such removed Lender 
does not comply with Section 9.04 within one Business Day after the 
applicable Borrower’s request, compliance with Section 9.04 shall not be 
required to effect such assignment.

(c)    If any Lender (such Lender, a “Non-Consenting Lender”) has failed to 
consent to a proposed amendment, waiver, discharge or termination which 
pursuant to the terms of Section 9.08 requires the consent of all of the 
Lenders affected and with respect to which the Required Lenders shall have 
granted their consent, then the Borrowers shall have the right (unless such 
Non-Consenting Lender grants such consent) at its sole expense (including 
with respect to the processing and recordation fee referred to in Section 
9.04(b)(ii)(B)) to replace such Non-Consenting Lender by deeming such 
Non-Consenting Lender to have assigned its Loans, and its Commitments 
hereunder to one or more assignees reasonably acceptable to (i) the 
Administrative Agent (unless, in the case of an assignment of Term Loans, 
such assignee is a Lender, an Affiliate of a Lender or an Approved Fund) 
and (ii) if in respect of any Revolving Facility Commitment or Revolving 
Facility Loan, the Swingline Lender and the L/C Issuer); provided, that: 
(a) all Obligations of the Borrowers owing to such Non-Consenting Lender 
being replaced shall be paid in full to such Non-Consenting Lender 
concurrently with such assignment (including any amount payable pursuant to 
Section 2.11(a)) and (b) the replacement Lender shall purchase the 
foregoing by paying to such Non-Consenting Lender a price equal to the 
principal amount thereof plus accrued and unpaid interest thereon. No 
action by or consent of the Non-Consenting Lender shall be necessary in 
connection with such assignment, which shall be immediately and 
automatically effective upon payment of such purchase price. In connection 
with any such assignment the Borrowers, Administrative Agent, such 
Non-Consenting Lender and the replacement Lender shall otherwise comply 
with Section 9.04; provided, that if such Non-Consenting Lender does not 
comply with Section 9.04 within one Business Day after the applicable 
Borrower’s request, compliance with Section 9.04 shall not be required to 
effect such assignment.

SECTION 2.20.    Illegality. If any Lender reasonably determines that any 
Change in Law has made it unlawful, or that any Governmental Authority has 
asserted after the
 
111

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Closing Date that it is unlawful, for any Lender or its applicable lending 
office to make or maintain any Eurocurrency Loans in any currency, then, on 
notice thereof by such Lender to the Borrowers through the Administrative 
Agent, any obligations of such Lender to make or continue Eurocurrency 
Loans in such currency or to convert ABR Borrowings to Eurocurrency 
Borrowings shall be suspended until such Lender notifies the Administrative 
Agent and the Borrowers that the circumstances giving rise to such 
determination no longer exist. Upon receipt of such notice, the Borrowers 
shall upon demand from such Lender (with a copy to the Administrative 
Agent) to either (i) in the case of Loans denominated in Dollars if the 
affected Lender may lawfully continue to maintain such Loans as 
Eurocurrency Loans until the last day of such Interest Period, convert all 
Eurocurrency Loans of such Lender to ABR Loans on the last day of such 
Interest Period (or, otherwise, immediately convert such Eurocurrency Loans 
to ABR Loans) or (ii) prepay such Eurocurrency Loans. Upon any such 
prepayment or conversion, the Borrowers shall also pay accrued interest on 
the amount so prepaid or converted.

SECTION 2.21.    Incremental Commitments.

(a)    Any Borrower may, by written notice to the Administrative Agent from 
time to time, request Incremental Term Loan Commitments and/or Incremental 
Revolving Facility Commitments, as applicable, in an amount not to exceed 
the Incremental Amount at the time such Incremental Commitments are 
established from one or more Incremental Term Lenders and/or Incremental 
Revolving Facility Lenders (which may include any existing Lender) willing 
to provide such Incremental Term Loans and/or Incremental Revolving 
Facility Commitments, as the case may be, in their own discretion. Such 
notice shall set forth (i) the amount of the Incremental Term Loan 
Commitments and/or Incremental Revolving Facility Commitments being 
requested (which shall be in minimum increments of $5.0 million and a 
minimum amount of $20.0 million or equal to the remaining Incremental 
Amount or in each case such lesser amount approved by the Administrative 
Agent), (ii) the date on which such Incremental Term Loan Commitments 
and/or Incremental Revolving Facility Commitments are requested to become 
effective (the “Increased Amount Date”), (iii) in the case of Incremental 
Term Loan Commitments, whether such Incremental Term Loan Commitments are 
to be commitments to make term loans with terms identical to Term B Loans 
or commitments to make term loans with pricing terms and/or amortization 
and/or participation in mandatory prepayments or commitment reductions 
and/or maturity and/or other terms different from the Term B Loans (“Other 
Term Loans”) and (iv) in the case of Incremental Revolving Facility 
Commitments, whether such Incremental Revolving Facility Commitments are to 
be commitments to make additional Revolving Facility Loans on the same 
terms as the Initial Revolving Loans or the same terms as the First 
Amendment Revolving Loans or commitments to make revolving loans with 
pricing terms and/or participation in mandatory prepayments or commitment 
reductions and/or maturity and/or other terms different from the Initial 
Revolving Loans and the First Amendment Revolving Loans (“Other Revolving 
Loans”).

(b)    The Borrowers and each Incremental Term Lender and/or Incremental 
Revolving Facility Lender shall execute and deliver to the Administrative 
Agent an Incremental Assumption Agreement and such other documentation as 
the Administrative Agent shall reasonably specify to evidence the 
Incremental Term Loan Commitment of such Incremental Term Lender and/or 
Incremental Revolving Facility Commitment of such Incremental Revolving 
Facility Lender. Each Incremental Assumption Agreement shall specify the 
terms of the applicable Incremental Term Loans and/or Incremental Revolving 
Facility Commitments; provided, that
 
112

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(i)    except as to pricing, amortization, final maturity date, 
participation in mandatory prepayments and ranking as to security (which 
shall, subject to clause (ii) through (iv) of this proviso, be determined 
by the Company and the Incremental Term Lenders in their sole discretion), 
the Other Term Loans shall have (x) the same terms as the Term B Loans, as 
applicable, or (y) such other terms as shall be reasonably satisfactory to 
the Administrative Agent,

(ii)    the Other Term Loans shall rank pari passu or, at the option of the 
Borrowers, junior in right of security with the Term B Loans (provided, 
that if such Other Term Loans rank junior in right of security with the 
Term B Loans, such Other Term Loans shall be subject to a Permitted Junior 
Intercreditor Agreement and, for the avoidance of doubt, shall not be 
subject to clause (viii) below),

(iii)    the final maturity date of any Other Term Loans shall be no 
earlier than the latest Term B Facility Maturity Date in effect on the date 
of incurrence,

(iv)    the weighted average life to maturity of any Other Term Loans shall 
be no shorter than the remaining weighted average life to maturity of the 
Term B Loans,

(v)    except as to pricing, amortization, final maturity date, 
participation in mandatory prepayments and ranking as to security (which 
shall, subject to clause (v) through (vii) of this proviso, be determined 
by the Company and the Incremental Revolving Facility Lenders in their sole 
discretion), the Other Revolving Loans shall have (x) substantially the 
same terms as the Initial Revolving Loans and the First Amendment Revolving 
Loans or (y) such other terms as shall be reasonably satisfactory to the 
Administrative Agent,

(vi)    the Other Revolving Loans shall rank pari passu or, at the option 
of the Borrowers, junior in right of security with the Initial Revolving 
Loans and the First Amendment Revolving Loans (provided, that if such Other 
Revolving Loans rank junior in right of security with the Initial Revolving 
Loans and First Amendment Revolving Loans and, for the avoidance of doubt, 
shall not be subject to clause (ix) below),

(vii)    the final maturity date of any Other Revolving Loans shall be no 
earlier than the Revolving Facility Maturity Date with respect to the 
Initial Revolving Loans and the First Amendment Revolving Loans,

(viii)    with respect to any Other Term Loan that ranks pari passu in 
right of security with the Term B Loans, the All-in Yield shall be the same 
as that applicable to the Term B Loans on the Closing Date, except that the 
All-in Yield in respect of any such Other Term Loan may exceed the All-in 
Yield in respect of such Term B Loans on the Closing Date by no more than 
0.50%, or if it does so exceed such All-in Yield (such difference, the “
Term Yield Differential”) then the Applicable Margin (or the “LIBOR floor” 
as provided in the following proviso) applicable to such Term B Loans shall 
be
 
113

------------------------------------------------------------------------
increased such that after giving effect to such increase, the Term Yield 
Differential shall not exceed 0.50%; provided that, to the extent any 
portion of the Term Yield Differential is attributable to a higher “LIBOR 
floor” being applicable to such Other Term Loans, such floor shall only be 
included in the calculation of the Term Yield Differential to the extent 
such floor is greater than the Adjusted Eurocurrency Rate in effect for an 
Interest Period of three months’ duration at such time, and, with respect 
to such excess, the “LIBOR floor” applicable to the outstanding Term B 
Loans shall be increased to an amount not to exceed the “LIBOR floor” 
applicable to such Other Term Loans prior to any increase in the Applicable 
Margin applicable to such Term B Loans then outstanding, and

(ix)    with respect to any commitments to make Other Revolving Loans that 
rank pari passu in right of security with the Initial Revolving Loans, the 
All-in Yield of such Other Revolving Loans shall be the same as that 
applicable to the Initial Revolving Loans on the Closing Date, except that 
the All-in Yield in respect of any such Other Revolving Loan may exceed the 
All-in Yield in respect of such Initial Revolving Loans on the Closing Date 
by no more than 0.50%, or if it does so exceed such All-in Yield (such 
difference, the “Revolving Yield Differential”) then the Applicable Margin 
applicable to such Initial Revolving Loans shall be increased such that 
after giving effect to such increase, the Revolving Yield Differential 
shall not exceed 0.50%.

Each of the parties hereto hereby agrees that, upon the effectiveness of 
any Incremental Assumption Agreement, this Agreement shall be amended to 
the extent (but only to the extent) necessary to reflect the existence and 
terms of the Incremental Term Loan Commitments and/or Incremental Revolving 
Facility Commitments evidenced thereby as provided for in Section 9.08(e). 
Any amendment to this Agreement or any other Loan Document that is 
necessary to effect the provisions of this Section 2.21 and any such 
collateral and other documentation shall be deemed “Loan Documents” 
hereunder and such deemed amendment may be memorialized in writing by the 
Administrative Agent with the Borrowers’ consent (not to be unreasonably 
withheld) and furnished to the other parties hereto.

(c)    Notwithstanding the foregoing, no Incremental Term Loan Commitment 
or Incremental Revolving Facility Commitment shall become effective under 
this Section 2.21 unless on the date of such effectiveness, no Default or 
Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing or would result 
therefrom.

(d)    Each of the parties hereto hereby agrees that the Administrative 
Agent may take any and all action as may be reasonably necessary to ensure 
that (i) all Incremental Term Loans (other than Other Term Loans), when 
originally made, are included in each Borrowing of the outstanding 
applicable Class of Term Loans on a pro rata basis, and (ii) all Revolving 
Facility Loans in respect of Incremental Revolving Facility Commitments 
(other than Other Revolving Loans), when originally made, are included in 
each Borrowing of the applicable Class of outstanding Revolving Facility 
Loans on a pro rata basis. The Borrowers agree that Section 2.16 shall 
apply to any conversion of Eurocurrency Loans to ABR Loans reasonably 
required by the Administrative Agent to effect the foregoing.
 
114

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(e)    Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, 
including Section 2.11(a) or Section 2.18(c) (which provisions shall not be 
applicable to clauses (e) through (i) of this Section 2.21), pursuant to 
one or more offers made from time to time by a Borrower to all Lenders of 
any Class of Term Loans and/or Revolving Facility Commitments, on a pro 
rata basis (based, in the case of an offer to the Lenders under any Class 
of Term Loans, on the aggregate outstanding Term Loans of such Class and, 
in the case of an offer to the Lenders under any Revolving Facility, on the 
aggregate outstanding Revolving Facility Commitments under such Revolving 
Facility, as applicable) and on the same terms (“Pro Rata Extension Offers
”), the Borrowers are hereby permitted to consummate transactions with 
individual Lenders from time to time to extend the maturity date of such 
Lender’s Loans and/or Commitments of such Class and to otherwise modify the 
terms of such Lender’s Loans and/or Commitments of such Class pursuant to 
the terms of the relevant Pro Rata Extension Offer (including without 
limitation increasing the interest rate or fees payable in respect of such 
Lender’s Loans and/or Commitments and/or modifying the amortization 
schedule in respect of such Lender’s Loans). For the avoidance of doubt, 
the reference to “on the same terms” in the preceding sentence shall mean, 
in the case of an offer to the Lenders under any Class of Term Loans, that 
all of the Term Loans of such Class and, in the case of an offer to the 
Lenders under any Revolving Facility, that all of the Revolving Facility 
Commitments in respect of such Revolving Facility are, in each case, 
offered to be extended for the same amount of time and that the interest 
rate changes and fees payable with respect to such extension are the same. 
Any such extension (an “Extension”) agreed to between the applicable 
Borrower and any such Lender (an “Extending Lender”) will be established 
under this Agreement by implementing an Incremental Term Loan for such 
Lender (if such Lender is extending an existing Term Loan (such extended 
Term Loan, an “Extended Term Loan”)) or an Incremental Revolving Facility 
Commitment for such Lender (if such Lender is extending an existing 
Revolving Facility Commitment (such extended Revolving Facility Commitment, 
an “Extended Revolving Facility Commitment”)).

(f)    The applicable Borrower and each Extending Lender shall execute and 
deliver to the Administrative Agent an Incremental Assumption Agreement and 
such other documentation as the Administrative Agent shall reasonably 
specify to evidence the Extended Term Loans and/or Extended Revolving 
Facility Commitments of such Extending Lender. Each Incremental Assumption 
Agreement shall specify the terms of the applicable Extended Term Loans 
and/or Extended Revolving Facility Commitments; provided that (i) except as 
to interest rates, fees, any other pricing terms, amortization, final 
maturity date and participation in prepayments and commitment reductions 
(which shall, subject to clauses (ii) and (iii) of this proviso, be 
determined by the applicable Borrower and set forth in the Pro Rata 
Extension Offer), the Extended Term Loans shall have (x) the same terms as 
the existing Class of Term Loans or (y) such other terms as shall be 
reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, (ii) the final 
maturity date of any Extended Term Loans shall be no earlier than the 
latest Term Facility Maturity Date in effect on the date of incurrence, 
(iii) the weighted average life to maturity of any Extended Term Loans 
shall be no shorter than the remaining weighted average life to maturity of 
the Class of Term Loans to which such offer relates, (iv) except as to 
interest rates, fees, any other pricing terms, participation in mandatory 
prepayments and commitment reductions and final maturity (which shall be 
determined by the applicable Borrower and set forth in the Pro Rata 
Extension Offer), any Extended Revolving Facility Commitment shall have (x) 
the same terms as an existing Class of Revolving Facility Commitments or 
(y) have such other terms as shall be reasonably satisfactory to the 
Administrative Agent, and (v) any Extended
 
115

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Term Loans and/or Extended Revolving Facility Commitments may participate 
on a pro rata basis or a less than pro rata basis (but not greater than a 
pro rata basis) in any voluntary or mandatory repayments or prepayments 
hereunder. Upon the effectiveness of any Incremental Assumption Agreement, 
this Agreement shall be amended to the extent (but only to the extent) 
necessary to reflect the existence and terms of the Extended Term Loans 
and/or Extended Revolving Facility Commitments evidenced thereby as 
provided for in Section 9.08(e). Any such deemed amendment may be 
memorialized in writing by the Administrative Agent with the Borrowers’ 
consent (not to be unreasonably withheld) and furnished to the other 
parties hereto. If provided in any Incremental Assumption Agreement with 
respect to any Extended Revolving Facility Commitments, and with the 
consent of each Swingline Lender and L/C Issuer, participations in 
Swingline Loans and Letters of Credit shall be reallocated to lenders 
holding such Extended Revolving Facility Commitments in the manner 
specified in such Incremental Assumption Agreement, including upon 
effectiveness of such Extended Revolving Facility Commitment or upon or 
prior to the maturity date for any Class of Revolving Facility Commitments.

(g)    Upon the effectiveness of any such Extension, the applicable 
Extending Lender’s Term Loan will be automatically designated an Extended 
Term Loan and/or such Extending Lender’s Revolving Facility Commitment will 
be automatically designated an Extended Revolving Facility Commitment. For 
purposes of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, (i) if such 
Extending Lender is extending a Term Loan, such Extending Lender will be 
deemed to have an Incremental Term Loan having the terms of such Extended 
Term Loan and (ii) if such Extending Lender is extending a Revolving 
Facility Commitment, such Extending Lender will be deemed to have an 
Incremental Revolving Facility Commitment having the terms of such Extended 
Revolving Facility Commitment.

(h)    Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in this Agreement 
or any other Loan Document (including without limitation this Section 
2.21), (i) the aggregate amount of Extended Term Loans and Extended 
Revolving Facility Commitments will not be included in the calculation of 
the Incremental Amount, (ii) no Extended Term Loan or Extended Revolving 
Facility Commitment is required to be in any minimum amount or any minimum 
increment, (iii) any Extending Lender may extend all or any portion of its 
Term Loans and/or Revolving Facility Commitment pursuant to one or more Pro 
Rata Extension Offers (subject to applicable proration in the case of over 
participation) (including the extension of any Extended Term Loan and/or 
Extended Revolving Facility Commitment), (iv) there shall be no condition 
to any Extension of any Loan or Commitment at any time or from time to time 
other than notice to the Administrative Agent of such Extension and the 
terms of the Extended Term Loan or Extended Revolving Facility Commitment 
implemented thereby and (v) all Extended Term Loans, Extended Revolving 
Facility Commitments and all obligations in respect thereof shall be Loan 
Obligations of the relevant Loan Parties under this Agreement and the other 
Loan Documents that are secured by the Collateral on a pari passu basis 
with all other Obligations of the relevant Loan Parties under this 
Agreement and the other Loan Documents.

(i)    Each Extension shall be consummated pursuant to procedures set forth 
in the associated Pro Rata Extension Offer; provided that the Borrowers 
shall cooperate with the Administrative Agent prior to making any Pro Rata 
Extension Offer to establish reasonable procedures with respect to 
mechanical provisions relating to such Extension, including, without 
limitation, timing, rounding and other adjustments.
 
 
116

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(j)    Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, 
including Section 2.11(a) or Section 2.18(c) (which provisions shall not be 
applicable to clause (j) through (o) of this Section 2.21), any Borrower 
may by written notice to the Administrative Agent establish one or more 
additional tranches of term loans under this Agreement (such loans, “
Refinancing Term Loans”), the net cash proceeds of which are used to 
Refinance in whole or in part any Class of Term Loans. Each such notice 
shall specify the date (each, a “Refinancing Effective Date”) on which the 
applicable Borrower proposes that the Refinancing Term Loans shall be made, 
which shall be a date not less than five Business Days after the date on 
which such notice is delivered to the Administrative Agent (or such shorter 
period agreed to by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion); 
provided that: (i) before and after giving effect to the borrowing of such 
Refinancing Term Loans on the Refinancing Effective Date each of the 
conditions set forth in Section 4.01 shall be satisfied to the extent 
required by the relevant Incremental Assumption Agreement governing such 
Refinancing Term Loans (except that no Default or Event of Default pursuant 
to Section 7.01(b), (c), (h) or (i) shall have occurred and be continuing); 
(ii) the weighted average life to maturity of such Refinancing Term Loans 
shall be no shorter than the then remaining weighted average life to 
maturity of the refinanced Term Loans; and (iii) all other terms applicable 
to such Refinancing Term Loans (other than provisions relating to original 
issue discount, upfront fees, interest rates or any other pricing terms and 
optional prepayment or mandatory prepayment or redemption terms and final 
maturity which shall be as agreed between the applicable Borrower and the 
Lenders providing such Refinancing Term Loans) taken as a whole shall be 
substantially similar to, or not materially more favorable to the Lenders 
providing such Refinancing Term Loans than, the terms, taken as a whole, 
applicable to the Term B Loans (except to the extent such covenants and 
other terms apply solely to any period after the latest final maturity of 
the Term Loans in effect on the date of incurrence of such Refinancing Term 
Loans), as determined by the Borrowers in good faith. In addition, 
notwithstanding the foregoing, any Borrower may establish Refinancing Term 
Loans to refinance and/or replace all or any portion of a Revolving 
Facility Commitment (regardless of whether Revolving Facility Loans are 
outstanding under such Revolving Facility Commitments at the time of 
incurrence of such Refinancing Term Loans), so long as (i) the aggregate 
amount of such Refinancing Term Loans does not exceed the aggregate amount 
of Revolving Facility Commitments terminated at the time of incurrence 
thereof and (ii) if the Revolving Facility Credit Exposure outstanding on 
the Refinancing Effective Date would exceed the aggregate amount of 
Revolving Facility Commitments outstanding in each case after giving effect 
to the termination of such Revolving Facility Commitments, the applicable 
Borrower shall take one or more of the actions contemplated by Section 
2.11(d) such that such Revolving Facility Credit Exposure does not exceed 
such aggregate amount of Revolving Facility Commitments in effect on the 
Refinancing Effective Date after giving effect to the termination of such 
Revolving Facility Commitments (it being understood that such Refinancing 
Term Loans may be provided by the Lenders holding the Revolving Facility 
Commitments being terminated and/or by any other Person that would be a 
permitted Assignee hereunder).

(k)    Any Borrower may approach any Lender or any other Person that would 
be a permitted Assignee pursuant to Section 9.04 to provide all or a 
portion of the Refinancing Term Loans; provided that any Lender offered or 
approached to provide all or a portion of the
 
117

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Refinancing Term Loans may elect or decline, in its sole discretion, to 
provide a Refinancing Term Loan. Any Refinancing Term Loans made on any 
Refinancing Effective Date shall be designated an additional Class of Term 
Loans for all purposes of this Agreement; provided that any Refinancing 
Term Loans may, to the extent provided in the applicable Incremental 
Assumption Agreement, be designated as an increase in any previously 
established Class of Term Loans made to such Borrower.

(l)    Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, 
including Section 2.11(a) and Section 2.18(c) (which provisions shall not 
be applicable to clauses (l) through (o) of this Section 2.21), any 
Borrower may by written notice to the Administrative Agent establish one or 
more additional Facilities providing for revolving commitments (“
Replacement Revolving Facility Commitments” and the revolving loans 
thereunder, “Replacement Revolving Loans”), which replaces in whole or in 
part any Class of Revolving Facility Commitments under this Agreement. Each 
such notice shall specify the date (each, a “Replacement Revolving Facility 
Effective Date”) on which such Borrower proposes that the Replacement 
Revolving Facility Commitments shall become effective, which shall be a 
date not less than five Business Days after the date on which such notice 
is delivered to the Administrative Agent (or such shorter period agreed to 
by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion); provided that: 
(i) before and after giving effect to the establishment of such Replacement 
Revolving Facility Commitments on the Replacement Revolving Facility 
Effective Date each of the conditions set forth in Section 4.01 shall be 
satisfied to the extent required by the relevant Incremental Assumption 
Agreement governing such Refinancing Term Loans (except that no Default or 
Event of Default pursuant to Section 7.01(b), (c), (h) or (i) shall have 
occurred and be continuing); (ii) after giving effect to the establishment 
of any Replacement Revolving Facility Commitments and any concurrent 
reduction in the aggregate amount of any other Revolving Facility 
Commitments, the aggregate amount of Revolving Facility Commitments shall 
not exceed the aggregate amount of the Revolving Facility Commitments 
outstanding immediately prior to the applicable Replacement Revolving 
Facility Effective Date; (iii) no Replacement Revolving Facility 
Commitments shall have a final maturity date prior to the latest Revolving 
Facility Maturity Date in effect at the time of incurrence; (iv) all other 
terms applicable to such Replacement Revolving Facility (other than 
provisions relating to (x) fees, interest rates and other pricing terms and 
prepayment and commitment reduction and optional redemption terms which 
shall be as agreed between the Borrowers and the Lenders providing such 
Replacement Revolving Facility Commitments and (y) the amount of any letter 
of credit sublimit and swingline commitment under such Replacement 
Revolving Facility which shall be as agreed between the applicable 
Borrower, the Lenders providing such Replacement Revolving Facility 
Commitments, the Administrative Agent and the Replacement L/C Issuer and 
Replacement Swingline Lender, if any, under such Replacement Revolving 
Facility Commitments) taken as a whole shall be substantially similar to, 
or not materially more favorable to the Lenders providing such Replacement 
Revolving Facility Commitments than, those, taken as a whole, applicable to 
the then outstanding Revolving Facility (except to the extent such 
covenants and other terms apply solely to any period after the latest final 
maturity of the Revolving Facility Commitments in effect on the date of 
incurrence of such Replacement Revolving Facility Commitments) as 
determined by the Borrowers in good faith. In addition, any Borrower may 
establish Replacement Revolving Facility Commitments to refinance and/or 
replace all or any portion of a Term Loan hereunder (regardless of whether 
such Term Loan is repaid with the proceeds of Replacement Revolving Loans 
or otherwise), so long as the
 
118

------------------------------------------------------------------------
aggregate amount of such Replacement Revolving Facility Commitments does 
not exceed the aggregate amount of Term Loans repaid at the time of 
establishment thereof (it being understood that such Replacement Revolving 
Facility Commitment may be provided by the Lenders holding the Term Loans 
being repaid and/or by any other Person that would be a permitted Assignee 
hereunder).

(m)    Any Borrower may approach any Lender or any other Person that would 
be a permitted Assignee of a Revolving Facility Commitment pursuant to 
Section 9.04 (such Person, a “Replacement Revolving Lender”) to provide all 
or a portion of the Replacement Revolving Facility Commitments; provided 
that any Lender offered or approached to provide all or a portion of the 
Replacement Revolving Facility Commitments may elect or decline, in its 
sole discretion, to provide a Replacement Revolving Facility Commitment. 
Any Replacement Revolving Facility Commitment made on any Replacement 
Revolving Facility Effective Date shall be designated an additional Class 
of Revolving Facility Commitments for all purposes of this Agreement; 
provided that any Replacement Revolving Facility Commitments may, to the 
extent provided in the applicable Incremental Assumption Agreement, be 
designated as an increase in any previously established Class of Revolving 
Facility Commitments.

(n)    On any Replacement Revolving Facility Effective Date, subject to the 
satisfaction of the foregoing terms and conditions, each of the Lenders 
with Replacement Revolving Facility Commitments of such Class shall 
purchase from each of the other Lenders with Replacement Revolving Facility 
Commitments of such Class, at the principal amount thereof and in the 
applicable currencies, such interests in the Replacement Revolving Loans 
and participations in Letters of Credit and Swingline Loans under such 
Replacement Revolving Facility Commitments of such Class then outstanding 
on such Replacement Revolving Facility Effective Date as shall be necessary 
in order that, after giving effect to all such assignments and purchases, 
the Replacement Revolving Loans and participations of such Replacement 
Revolving Facility Commitments of such Class will be held by the Lenders 
thereunder ratably in accordance with their Replacement Revolving Credit 
Percentages.

(o)    For purposes of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, (i) if 
a Lender is providing a Refinancing Term Loan, such Lender will be deemed 
to have an Incremental Term Loan having the terms of such Refinancing Term 
Loan and (ii) if a Lender is providing a Replacement Revolving Facility 
Commitment, such Lender will be deemed to have an Incremental Revolving 
Facility Commitment having the terms of such Replacement Revolving Facility 
Commitment. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in this 
Agreement or any other Loan Document (including without limitation this 
Section 2.21), (i) the aggregate amount of Refinancing Term Loans and 
Replacement Revolving Facility Commitments will not be included in the 
calculation of the Incremental Amount, (ii) no Refinancing Term Loan or 
Replacement Revolving Facility Commitment is required to be in any minimum 
amount or any minimum increment, (iii) there shall be no condition to any 
incurrence of any Refinancing Term Loan or Replacement Revolving Facility 
Commitment at any time or from time to time other than those set forth in 
clauses (j) or (l) above, as applicable, and (iv) all Refinancing Term 
Loans, Replacement Revolving Facility Commitments and all obligations in 
respect thereof shall be Obligations under this Agreement and the other 
Loan Documents that are secured by the Collateral on a pari passu basis 
with all other Obligations under this Agreement and the other Loan 
Documents.
 
119

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(p)    Notwithstanding anything in the foregoing to the contrary, (i) for 
the purpose of determining the number of outstanding Eurocurrency 
Borrowings upon the incurrence of any Incremental Loans, (x) to the extent 
the last date of Interest Periods for multiple Eurocurrency Borrowings 
under the Term Facilities fall on the same day, such Eurocurrency 
Borrowings shall be considered a single Eurocurrency Borrowing and (y) to 
the extent the last date of Interest Periods for multiple Eurocurrency 
Borrowings under the Revolving Facilities fall on the same day, such 
Eurocurrency Borrowings shall be considered a single Eurocurrency Borrowing 
and (ii) the initial Interest Period with respect to any Eurocurrency 
Borrowing of Incremental Loans may, at the applicable Borrower’s option, be 
of a duration of a number of Business Days that is less than one month, and 
the Adjusted Eurocurrency Rate with respect to such initial Interest Period 
shall be the same as the Adjusted Eurocurrency Rate applicable to any 
then-outstanding Eurocurrency Borrowing as such Borrower may direct, so 
long as the last day of such initial Interest Period is the same as the 
last day of the Interest Period with respect to such outstanding 
Eurocurrency Borrowing.

SECTION 2.22.    Defaulting Lenders.

(i)    Adjustments. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in 
this Agreement, if any Lender under any Revolving Facility becomes a 
Defaulting Lender, then, until such time as that Lender is no longer a 
Defaulting Lender, to the extent permitted by applicable laws, rules and 
regulations of any Governmental Authority, during any period in which there 
is a Defaulting Lender, for purposes of computing the amount of the 
obligation of each non-Defaulting Lender under any such Revolving Facility 
to acquire, refinance or fund participations in Letters of Credit or 
Swingline Loans pursuant to Sections 2.04 and 2.05, the “Revolving Facility 
Percentage” of each non-Defaulting Lender under such Revolving Facility 
shall be computed without giving effect to the Revolving Facility 
Commitment of that Defaulting Lender; provided, that, (i) each such 
reallocation shall be given effect only if, at the date the applicable 
Lender becomes a Defaulting Lender, no Default or Event of Default exists; 
and (ii) the aggregate obligation of each non-Defaulting Lender to acquire, 
refinance or fund participations in Letters of Credit and Swingline Loans 
under such Revolving Facility in connection with such reallocation shall 
not exceed the Available Unused Commitment of such Lender.

(ii)    Waivers and Amendments. Such Defaulting Lender’s right to approve 
or disapprove any amendment, waiver or consent with respect to this 
Agreement shall be restricted as set forth in the definitions of “Required 
Lenders” or “Majority Lenders.”

(iii)    Cash Collateral. To the extent the reallocation pursuant to clause 
(i) above is insufficient for any reason to cover the L/C Issuer’s and 
Swingline Lender’s Fronting Exposure to a Defaulting Lender, the applicable 
Borrower shall Cash Collateralize such uncovered Fronting Exposure pursuant 
to arrangements reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent.

(iv)    Limitation on Swingline Loans and Letters of Credit. 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth herein, so long as any 
Lender is a Defaulting Lender, no Swingline Lender shall have any 
obligation to make Swingline Loans and no L/C Issuer shall have any 
obligation to issue, amend or renew any Letter of Credit at any time there 
is Fronting Exposure, in each case, unless the Swingline Lender or the L/C 
Issuer, respectively, is satisfied that it will have no Fronting Exposure 
after giving effect thereto.
 
120

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(v)    Reallocation of Payments. Any payment of principal, interest, fees 
or other amounts received by the Administrative Agent for the account of a 
Defaulting Lender on account of its Loans or participations under the 
applicable Class of Revolving Facility Commitments (whether voluntary or 
mandatory, at maturity, following an Event of Default or otherwise) or 
received by the Administrative Agent from a Defaulting Lender pursuant to 
Section 9.06, shall be applied at such time or times as may be determined 
by the Administrative Agent as follows: first, to the payment of any 
amounts owing by that Defaulting Lender to the Administrative Agent 
hereunder; second, to the payment on a pro rata basis of any amounts owing 
by that Defaulting Lender to the L/C Issuer or Swingline Lender hereunder; 
third, if so determined by the Administrative Agent or requested by the L/C 
Issuer or Swingline Lender, to be held as Cash Collateral for future 
funding obligations of that Defaulting Lender of any participation in any 
Swingline Loan or Letter of Credit; fourth, as the applicable Borrower may 
request (so long as no Default or Event of Default exists), to the funding 
of any Loan in respect of which that Defaulting Lender has failed to fund 
its portion thereof as required by this Agreement, as determined by the 
Administrative Agent; fifth, if so determined by the Administrative Agent 
and the Borrowers, to be held in a non-interest bearing deposit account and 
released in order to satisfy obligations of that Defaulting Lender to fund 
Loans under this Agreement; sixth, to the payment of any amounts owing to 
the Lenders, the L/C Issuer or Swingline Lender as a result of any judgment 
of a court of competent jurisdiction obtained by any Lender, the L/C Issuer 
or Swingline Lender against that Defaulting Lender as a result of that 
Defaulting Lender’s breach of its obligations under this Agreement; 
seventh, so long as no Default or Event of Default exists, to the payment 
of any amounts owing to the applicable Borrower as a result of any judgment 
of a court of competent jurisdiction obtained by the applicable Borrower 
against that Defaulting Lender as a result of that Defaulting Lender’s 
breach of its obligations under this Agreement; and eighth, to that 
Defaulting Lender or as otherwise directed by a court of competent 
jurisdiction; provided that if such payment is a payment of the principal 
amount of any Loans or L/C Borrowings in respect of which that Defaulting 
Lender has not fully funded its appropriate share, such payment shall be 
applied solely to pay the Loans of, and L/C Borrowings owed to, all 
non-Defaulting Lenders on a pro rata basis prior to being applied to the 
payment of any Loans of, or L/C Borrowings owed to, that Defaulting Lender. 
Any payments, prepayments or other amounts paid or payable to a Defaulting 
Lender that are applied (or held) to pay amounts owed by a Defaulting 
Lender or to post Cash Collateral pursuant to this Section 2.22(v) shall be 
deemed paid to and redirected by that Defaulting Lender, and each Lender 
irrevocably consents hereto.

(vi)    Certain Fees. (A) No Defaulting Lender shall be entitled to receive 
any Commitment Fee for any period during which that Lender is a Defaulting 
Lender.

(B)    Each Defaulting Lender shall be entitled to receive L/C 
Participation Fees for any period during which that Lender is a Defaulting 
Lender only to the extent allocable to its pro rata share of the stated 
amount of Letters of Credit for which it has provided Cash Collateral.

(C)    With respect to any Commitment Fee or L/C Participation Fee not 
required to be paid to any Defaulting Lender pursuant to clause (vi)(A) or 
(B) above, the
 
121

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Borrowers shall (x) pay to each Non-Defaulting Lender that portion of any 
such fee otherwise payable to such Defaulting Lender with respect to such 
Defaulting Lender’s participation in Letters of Credit or Swingline Loans 
that has been reallocated to such Non-Defaulting Lender pursuant to clause 
(vii) below, (y) pay to each L/C Issuer and the Swingline Lender, as 
applicable, the amount of any such fee otherwise payable to such Defaulting 
Lender to the extent allocable to such L/C Issuer’s or the Swingline 
Lender’s Fronting Exposure to such Defaulting Lender, and (z) not be 
required to pay the remaining amount of any such fee.

(vii)    Reallocation of Participations to Reduce Fronting Exposure. All or 
any part of such Defaulting Lender’s participation in Letters of Credit and 
Swingline Loans shall be reallocated among the Non-Defaulting Lenders of 
the applicable Revolving Facility in accordance with their respective pro 
rata Commitments under such Revolving Facility (calculated without regard 
to such Defaulting Lender’s Commitment) but only to the extent that (x) the 
conditions set forth in Section 4.01 are satisfied at the time of such 
reallocation and (y) such reallocation does not cause the aggregate 
Revolving Facility Credit Exposure of any Non-Defaulting Lender under such 
Revolving Facility to exceed such Non-Defaulting Lender’s Revolving 
Facility Commitment. No under such Revolving Facility. Subject to Section 
9.24, no reallocation hereunder shall constitute a waiver or release of any 
claim of any party hereunder against a Defaulting Lender arising from that 
Lender having become a Defaulting Lender, including any claim of a 
Non-Defaulting Lender as a result of such Non-Defaulting Lender’s increased 
exposure following such reallocation.

(viii)    Defaulting Lender Cure. If the Borrowers, the Administrative 
Agent, Swingline Lender and the L/C Issuer agree in writing in their sole 
discretion that a Defaulting Lender should no longer be deemed to be a 
Defaulting Lender, the Administrative Agent will so notify the parties 
hereto, whereupon as of the effective date specified in such notice and 
subject to any conditions set forth therein (which may include arrangements 
with respect to any Cash Collateral), that Lender will, to the extent 
applicable, purchase at par that portion of outstanding Loans of the other 
Lenders or take such other actions as the Administrative Agent may 
determine to be necessary to cause the Revolving Facility Loans and funded 
and unfunded participations in Letters of Credit and Swingline Loans under 
the applicable Revolving Facility to be held on a pro rata basis by the 
Lenders in accordance with their Revolving Facility Percentages under such 
Revolving Facility (without giving effect to Section 2.22(i)), whereupon 
that Lender will cease to be a Defaulting Lender; provided that no 
adjustments will be made retroactively with respect to fees accrued or 
payments made by or on behalf of any Borrower while that Lender was a 
Defaulting Lender; and provided, further, that except to the extent 
otherwise expressly agreed by the affected parties, no change hereunder 
from Defaulting Lender to Lender will constitute a waiver or release of any 
claim of any party hereunder arising from that Lender’s having been a 
Defaulting Lender.

SECTION 2.23.     Conversion of Revolving Facility Commitments.

(a)      Any Revolving Facility Lender holding Initial Revolving Facility 
Commitments may, at any time, elect to convert its Initial Revolving 
Facility Commitments and Initial Revolving Loans outstanding thereunder 
into First Amendment Revolving Facility Commitments and First Amendment 
Revolving Facility Loans, respectively, by delivery of written notice to 
the Borrowers and the Administrative Agent in form and
 
122

------------------------------------------------------------------------
substance reasonably satisfactory to the Borrowers and the Administrative 
Agent. Such notice shall specify (i) the amount of such Revolving Facility 
Lender’s Initial Revolving Facility Commitments (and proportional amount of 
Initial Revolving Facility Loans) such Revolving Facility Lender so desires 
to convert and (ii) the effective date for such conversion, which shall be 
a date no less than 3 Business Days and no greater than 10 Business Days 
after the date of receipt of such notice by the Borrower and the 
Administrative Agent.

(b)     The Administrative Agent is authorized and directed to mark the 
Register to reflect such conversion upon the effective date thereof and the 
Borrowers and the Administrative Agent may, without the consent of any 
other Lender, make such technical amendments to this Agreement and the 
other Loan Documents as shall be reasonably necessary to effectuate such 
conversion.

(c)      On the effective date of any such conversion, subject to the 
satisfaction of the foregoing terms and conditions, each of the Revolving 
Facility Lenders with First Amendment Revolving Facility Commitments shall 
purchase from each of the other Revolving Facility Lenders with First 
Amendment Revolving Facility Commitments, at the principal amount thereof 
and in the applicable currencies, such interests in the First Amendment 
Revolving Facility Loans and participations in Letters of Credit and 
Swingline Borrowings under the First Amendment Revolving Facility 
Commitments then outstanding on such date as shall be necessary in order 
that, after giving effect to all such assignments and purchases, the First 
Amendment Revolving Facility Loans and participations in Letters of Credit 
and Swingline Borrowings under the First Amendment Revolving Facility 
Commitments will be held by the Revolving Facility Lenders thereunder 
ratably in accordance with their Revolving Facility Percentages under the 
First Amendment Revolving Facility Commitments.


ARTICLE III
Representations and Warranties

On the date of each Credit Event, each of the Borrowers represents and 
warrants to each of the Lenders that:

SECTION 3.01.    Organization; Powers. Except as set forth on Schedule 3.01
, each Borrower and each of the Material Subsidiaries (a) is a partnership, 
limited liability company or corporation duly organized, validly existing 
and in good standing (or, if applicable in a foreign jurisdiction, enjoys 
the equivalent status under the laws of any jurisdiction of organization 
outside the United States) under the laws of the jurisdiction of its 
organization, (b) has all requisite power and authority to own its property 
and assets and to carry on its business as now conducted, (c) is qualified 
to do business in each jurisdiction where such qualification is required, 
except where the failure so to qualify would not reasonably be expected to 
have a Material Adverse Effect, and (d) has the power and authority to 
execute, deliver and perform its obligations under each of the Loan 
Documents and each other agreement or instrument contemplated thereby to 
which it is or will be a party and, in the case of a Borrower, to borrow 
and otherwise obtain credit hereunder.
 
123

------------------------------------------------------------------------
SECTION 3.02.    Authorization. The execution, delivery and performance by 
each Borrower and each of the Subsidiary Loan Parties of each of the Loan 
Documents to which it is a party, and the borrowings hereunder and the 
Transactions (a) have been duly authorized by all corporate, stockholder, 
partnership or limited liability company action required to be obtained by 
such Borrower and such Subsidiary Loan Parties and (b) will not (i) violate 
(A) any provision of law, statute, rule or regulation, or of the 
certificate or articles of incorporation or other constitutive documents 
(including any partnership, limited liability company or operating 
agreements) or by-laws of such Borrower or any such Subsidiary Loan Party, 
(B) any applicable order of any court or any rule, regulation or order of 
any Governmental Authority applicable to such Borrower or any such 
Subsidiary Loan Party or (C) any provision of any indenture, certificate of 
designation for preferred stock, agreement or other instrument to which 
such Borrower or any such Subsidiary Loan Party is a party or by which any 
of them or any of their property is or may be bound, (ii) be in conflict 
with, result in a breach of or constitute (alone or with notice or lapse of 
time or both) a default under, give rise to a right of or result in any 
cancellation or acceleration of any right or obligation (including any 
payment) or to a loss of a material benefit under any such indenture, 
certificate of designation for preferred stock, agreement or other 
instrument, where any such conflict, violation, breach or default referred 
to in clause (i) or (ii) of this Section 3.02(b), would reasonably be 
expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse 
Effect, or (iii) result in the creation or imposition of any Lien upon or 
with respect to any property or assets now owned or hereafter acquired by 
such Borrower or any such Subsidiary Loan Party, other than the Liens 
created by the Loan Documents and Permitted Liens.

SECTION 3.03.    Enforceability. This Agreement has been duly executed and 
delivered by each Borrower and constitutes, and each other Loan Document 
when executed and delivered by each Loan Party that is party thereto will 
constitute, a legal, valid and binding obligation of such Loan Party 
enforceable against each such Loan Party in accordance with its terms, 
subject to (i) the effects of bankruptcy, insolvency, moratorium, 
reorganization, fraudulent conveyance or other similar laws affecting 
creditors’ rights generally, (ii) general principles of equity (regardless 
of whether such enforceability is considered in a proceeding in equity or 
at law) and (iii) implied covenants of good faith and fair dealing.

SECTION 3.04.    Governmental Approvals. No action, consent or approval of, 
registration or filing with or any other action by any Governmental 
Authority is or will be required in connection with the Transactions, the 
perfection or maintenance of the Liens created under the Security Documents 
or the exercise by any Agent or any Lender of its rights under the Loan 
Documents or the remedies in respect of the Collateral, except for (a) the 
filing of Uniform Commercial Code financing and continuation statements, 
(b) filings with the United States Patent and Trademark Office and the 
United States Copyright Office and any successor offices, (c) recordation 
of the Mortgages, (d) such actions, consents and approvals under Gaming 
Laws or from Gaming Authorities the failure of which to be obtained or made 
would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, (f) 
such as have been made or obtained and are in full force and effect, (g) 
such other actions, consents and approvals the failure of which to be 
obtained or made would not reasonably be expected to have a Material 
Adverse Effect and (h) filings or other actions listed on Schedule 3.04.
 
124

------------------------------------------------------------------------
SECTION 3.05.    Financial Statements.

(a)    The unaudited pro forma combined or consolidated balance sheet and 
related combined or consolidated statements of income and cash flows of the 
Borrowers, together with their consolidated Subsidiaries (including the 
notes thereto) (the “Pro Forma Financial Statements”) and pro forma 
adjusted EBITDA for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2012 and the four 
fiscal quarter period ended June 30, 2013 (the “Pro Forma Adjusted EBITDA
”), copies of which have heretofore been furnished to each Lender (via 
inclusion in the Information Memorandum), have been prepared giving effect 
(as if such events had occurred on such date) to the Transactions and the 
Post-Closing Restructuring Transaction. Each of the Pro Forma Financial 
Statements and the Pro Forma Adjusted EBITDA has been prepared in good 
faith based on assumptions believed by the Borrowers to have been 
reasonable as of the date of delivery thereof (it being understood that 
such assumptions are based on good faith estimates of certain items and 
that the actual amount of such items on the Closing Date is subject to 
change), and presents fairly in all material respects on a pro forma basis 
the estimated financial position of the Borrowers and their combined or 
consolidated Subsidiaries as at June 30, 2013, assuming that the 
Transactions and the Post-Closing Restructuring Transaction had actually 
occurred at such date, and the results of operations of the Borrowers and 
their combined or consolidated Subsidiaries for the twelve-month period 
ended June 30, 2013, assuming that the Transactions and the Post-Closing 
Restructuring Transaction had actually occurred on the first day of such 
twelve-month period.

(b)    The audited combined balance sheets of the CMBS Borrowers and 
Octavius Linq Holding Company, LLC (“Linq”) as at December 31, 2011 and 
2012, and the related audited combined statements of comprehensive income, 
stockholders’ equity and cash flows for such fiscal years, reported on by 
and accompanied by a report from Deloitte & Touche LLP, copies of which 
have heretofore been furnished to each Lender, present fairly in all 
material respects the combined financial position of the CMBS Borrowers, 
Linq and their respective combined or consolidated Subsidiaries as at such 
date and the combined results of operations and cash flows of the CMBS 
Borrowers, Linq and their respective combined or consolidated Subsidiaries 
for the years then ended.

(c)    The unaudited combined condensed balance sheet of the CMBS Borrowers 
and Linq as at June 30, 2013 and the related unaudited combined condensed 
statements of comprehensive income, stockholders’ equity and cash flows for 
the six-month period ended June 30, 2013, copies of which have heretofore 
been furnished to each Lender, present fairly in all material respects the 
combined or consolidated financial position of the CMBS Borrowers, Linq and 
their respective combined or consolidated Subsidiaries as at such date and 
the combined condensed results of operations and cash flows of the CMBS 
Borrowers, Linq and their respective combined or consolidated Subsidiaries 
for such period (subject to normal year end audit adjustments and the 
absence of footnotes).

SECTION 3.06.    No Material Adverse Effect. After December 31, 2012, there 
has been no event or circumstance that has had or would reasonably be 
expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.
 
125

------------------------------------------------------------------------
SECTION 3.07.    Title to Properties; Possession Under Leases.

(a)    Each of the Borrowers and its Subsidiaries has valid title in fee 
simple or equivalent to, or valid leasehold interests in, or easements or 
other limited property interests in, all its Real Properties (including all 
Mortgaged Properties) and has valid title to its personal property and 
assets, in each case, except for Permitted Liens and except for defects in 
title that do not materially interfere with its ability to conduct its 
business as currently conducted or to utilize such properties and assets 
for their intended purposes and except where the failure to have such title 
would not reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, 
a Material Adverse Effect. All such properties and assets are free and 
clear of Liens, other than Permitted Liens.

(b)    Each of the Borrowers and its Subsidiaries have complied with all 
material obligations under all leases to which it is a party, except where 
the failure to comply would not reasonably be expected to have a Material 
Adverse Effect and all such leases are in full force and effect, except 
leases in respect of which the failure to be in full force and effect would 
not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

(c)    As of the Closing Date, none of the Borrowers or the Subsidiaries 
has received any written notice of any pending or contemplated condemnation 
proceeding affecting any material portion of the Mortgaged Properties or 
any sale or disposition thereof in lieu of condemnation that remains 
unresolved as of the Closing Date.

(d)    As of the Closing Date, none of the Borrowers and the Subsidiaries 
is obligated under any right of first refusal, option or other contractual 
right to sell, assign or otherwise dispose of any Mortgaged Property or any 
interest therein, except as permitted under Section 6.02 or 6.05, or in 
connection with the Post-Closing Restructuring Transaction.

SECTION 3.08.    Subsidiaries.

(a)    Schedule 3.08(a) sets forth as of the Closing Date the name and 
jurisdiction of incorporation, formation or organization of each Subsidiary 
of each Borrower and, as to each such Subsidiary, the percentage of each 
class of Equity Interests owned by such Borrower or by any such Subsidiary.

(b)    As of the Closing Date, after giving effect to the Transactions, 
there are no outstanding subscriptions, options, warrants, calls, rights or 
other agreements or commitments (other than stock options granted to 
employees or directors (or entities controlled by directors) and shares 
held by directors (or entities controlled by directors)) relating to any 
Equity Interests of the Borrowers or any of the Subsidiaries, except as set 
forth on Schedule 3.08(b).

SECTION 3.09.    Litigation; Compliance with Laws.

(a)    There are no actions, suits or proceedings at law or in equity or by 
or on behalf of any Governmental Authority or in arbitration now pending, 
or, to the knowledge of the Borrowers, threatened in writing against or 
affecting the Borrowers or any of the Subsidiaries or any business, 
property or rights of any such person which would reasonably be expected to 
have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect.
 
126

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(b)    None of the Borrowers, the Subsidiaries and their respective 
properties or assets is in violation of (nor will the continued operation 
of their material properties and assets as currently conducted violate) any 
law (including the USA PATRIOT Act), rule or regulation (including any 
zoning, building, ordinance, code or approval or any building permit, but 
excluding any Environmental Laws, which are subject to Section 3.16) or any 
restriction of record or agreement affecting any Mortgaged Property, or is 
in default with respect to any judgment, writ, injunction or decree of any 
Governmental Authority, where such violation or default would reasonably be 
expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse 
Effect.

(c)    Each Borrower and each Subsidiary are in compliance in all material 
respects with all Gaming Laws that are applicable to them and their 
businesses, except where a failure to so comply would not reasonably be 
expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse 
Effect.

SECTION 3.10.    Federal Reserve Regulations.

(a)    None of the Borrowers and the Subsidiaries is engaged principally, 
or as one of its important activities, in the business of extending credit 
for the purpose of purchasing or carrying Margin Stock.

(b)    Neither the making of any Loan (or the extension of any Letter of 
Credit) hereunder nor the use of the proceeds thereof will violate the 
provisions of Regulation T, Regulation U or Regulation X of the Board.

SECTION 3.11.    Investment Company Act. None of the Borrowers and the 
Subsidiaries is required to be registered as an “investment company” within 
the meaning of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended.

SECTION 3.12.    Use of Proceeds. (a) The Borrowers will use the proceeds 
of the Revolving Facility Loans and Swingline Loans, and may request the 
issuance of Letters of Credit, solely for general corporate purposes 
(including, without limitation, for Permitted Business Acquisitions and 
project development and, in the case of Letters of Credit, for the back-up 
or replacement of existing letters of credit) and (b) the Borrowers will 
use the proceeds of the Initial Term Loans made on the Closing Date to 
finance a portion of the Transactions and for the payment of Transaction 
Expenses.

SECTION 3.13.    Tax Returns.

(a)    Except as would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be 
expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, each of the Borrowers and 
the Subsidiaries has filed or caused to be filed all federal, state, local 
and non-U.S. Tax returns required to have been filed by it (including in 
its capacity as withholding agent) and each such Tax return is true and 
correct;

(b)    Except as would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be 
expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, each of the Borrowers and 
the Subsidiaries has timely paid or caused to be timely paid all Taxes 
shown to be due and payable by it on the
 
127

------------------------------------------------------------------------
returns referred to in clause (a) and all other Taxes or assessments due 
and payable by it (and made adequate provision (in accordance with GAAP) 
for the payment of all Taxes not yet due and payable) through the date of 
the Applicable Credit Event, including in its capacity as a withholding 
agent (except Taxes or assessments that are being contested in good faith 
by appropriate proceedings in accordance with Section 5.03 and for which 
any Borrower or any of the Subsidiaries (as the case may be) has set aside 
on its books adequate reserves in accordance with GAAP); and

(c)    Other than as would not be, individually or in the aggregate, 
reasonably expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, with respect to each 
of the Borrowers and the Subsidiaries, there are no claims being asserted 
in writing with respect to any Taxes.

SECTION 3.14.    No Material Misstatements.

(a)    All written information (other than the Projections, estimates, 
forward-looking information and information of a general economic nature or 
general industry nature) (the “Information”) concerning the Company, the 
Borrowers, the Subsidiaries, the Transactions and any other transactions 
contemplated thereby included in the Information Memorandum or otherwise 
prepared by or on behalf of the foregoing or their representatives and made 
available to any Lenders or the Administrative Agent in connection with the 
Transactions or the other transactions contemplated thereby, when taken as 
a whole, was true and correct in all material respects, as of the date such 
Information was furnished to the Lenders and as of the Closing Date and did 
not, taken as a whole, contain any untrue statement of a material fact as 
of any such date or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to 
make the statements contained therein, taken as a whole, not materially 
misleading in light of the circumstances under which such statements were 
made (giving effect to all supplements and updates provided thereto prior 
to the date hereof).

(b)    The Projections, estimates and other forward-looking information and 
information of a general economic nature prepared by or on behalf of a 
Borrower or any of its Representatives and that have been made available to 
any Lenders or the Administrative Agent in connection with the Transactions 
or the other transactions contemplated thereby (i) have been prepared in 
good faith based upon assumptions believed by the Borrowers to be 
reasonable as of the date thereof (it being understood such Projections are 
as to future events and are not to be viewed as facts, such Projections are 
subject to significant uncertainties and contingencies and that actual 
results during the period or periods covered by any such Projections may 
differ significantly from the projected results, and that no assurances can 
be given that the projected results will be realized), as of the date such 
Projections and estimates were furnished to the Lenders and as of the 
Closing Date, and (ii) as of the Closing Date, have not been modified in 
any material respect by the Borrowers.

SECTION 3.15.    Employee Benefit Plans.

(a)    Except as would not reasonably be expected, individually or in the 
aggregate, to have a Material Adverse Effect: (i) each Plan that is, or has 
in the five years preceding the date of this Agreement been, sponsored or 
maintained by any Borrower or any Subsidiary is in compliance with the 
applicable provisions of ERISA and the Code; (ii) no
 
128

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Reportable Event has occurred during the past five years as to which any 
Borrower, any Subsidiary or any ERISA Affiliate was required to file a 
report with the PBGC, other than reports that have been filed; (iii) as of 
the most recent valuation date preceding the date of this Agreement, no 
Plan has any material Unfunded Pension Liability; (iv) no ERISA Event has 
occurred or is reasonably expected to occur; (v) none of the Borrowers, 
their Subsidiaries or the ERISA Affiliates (A) has received any written 
notification that any Multiemployer Plan is in reorganization or has been 
terminated within the meaning of Title IV of ERISA, or has knowledge that 
any Multiemployer Plan is reasonably expected to be in reorganization or to 
be terminated or (B) has incurred or is reasonably expected to incur any 
withdrawal liability to any Multiemployer Plan; and (vi) none of the 
Borrowers or their Subsidiaries has engaged in a “prohibited transaction” 
(as defined in Section 406 of ERISA and Code Section 4975) in connection 
with any employee pension benefit plan (as defined in Section 3(2) of 
ERISA) that would subject any Borrower or any Subsidiary to tax.

SECTION 3.16.    Environmental Matters. Except as to matters that would not 
reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a 
Material Adverse Effect: (i) no written notice has been received by any 
Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, and there are no judicial, 
administrative or other actions, suits or proceedings pending or, to the 
Borrowers’ knowledge, threatened which allege a violation of any 
Environmental Laws, in each case relating to any Borrower or any of its 
Subsidiaries, (ii) each of the Borrowers and the Subsidiaries has all 
environmental permits, licenses and other approvals necessary for its 
operations to comply with all Environmental Laws and is in compliance with 
the terms of such permits, licenses and other approvals and with all other 
Environmental Laws, (iii) no Hazardous Material is located at, on or under 
any property currently owned, operated or leased or, to the Borrowers’ 
knowledge, formerly owned, operated or leased, by a Borrower or any of its 
Subsidiaries that would reasonably be expected to give rise to any cost, 
liability or obligation of any Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries under 
any Environmental Laws, and no Hazardous Material has been generated, 
owned, treated, stored, handled or controlled by any Borrower or any of its 
Subsidiaries or transported to or Released at any location in a manner that 
would reasonably be expected to give rise to any cost, liability or 
obligation of any Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries under any 
Environmental Laws and (iv) there are no agreements in which any Borrower 
or any of its Subsidiaries has expressly assumed or undertaken 
responsibility for any known or reasonably likely liability or obligation 
of any other person arising under or relating to Environmental Laws, which 
in any such case has not been made available to the Administrative Agent 
prior to the date hereof.

SECTION 3.17.    Security Documents.

(a)    The Collateral Agreement is effective to create in favor of the 
Collateral Agent (for the benefit of the Secured Parties) a legal, valid 
and enforceable security interest in the Collateral described therein and 
proceeds thereof. As of the Closing Date, in the case of the Pledged 
Collateral described in the Collateral Agreement, when certificates or 
promissory notes, as applicable, representing such Pledged Collateral and 
required to be delivered under the applicable Security Document are 
delivered to the Collateral Agent, and in the case of the other Collateral 
described in the Collateral Agreement (other than the Intellectual Property 
(as defined in the Collateral Agreement)), when financing statements and 
other filings specified in the Perfection Certificate are filed in the 
offices specified in the Perfection Certificate, the Collateral
 
129

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Agent (for the benefit of the Secured Parties) shall have a perfected Lien 
on, and security interest in, all right, title and interest of the Loan 
Parties in such Collateral and, subject to Section 9-315 of the New York 
Uniform Commercial Code, the proceeds thereof, as security for the 
Obligations to the extent perfection in such Collateral can be obtained by 
filing Uniform Commercial Code financing statements, in each case prior and 
superior in right to the Lien of any other person (except for Permitted 
Liens).

(b)    When the Collateral Agreement or IP Security Agreements are properly 
filed in the United States Patent and Trademark Office and the United 
States Copyright Office, and, with respect to Collateral in which a 
security interest cannot be perfected by such filings, upon the proper 
filing of the financing statements referred to in paragraph (a) above, the 
Collateral Agent (for the benefit of the Secured Parties) shall have a 
fully perfected Lien on, and security interest in, all right, title and 
interest of the Loan Parties thereunder in the domestic registered or 
pending copyrights, patents and trademarks included in the Collateral, in 
each case prior and superior in right to the Lien of any other person, 
except for Permitted Liens (it being understood that subsequent recordings 
in the United States Patent and Trademark Office and the United States 
Copyright Office may be necessary to perfect a Lien on registered 
trademarks and patents, trademark and patent applications and registered 
copyrights acquired by the Loan Parties after the Closing Date).

(c)    The Mortgages, if any, executed and delivered on the Closing Date 
are, and the Mortgages executed and delivered after the Closing Date 
pursuant to Section 5.10 and Section 5.11 will be, effective to create in 
favor of the Collateral Agent (for the benefit of the Secured Parties) a 
legal, valid and enforceable Lien on all of the applicable Loan Parties’ 
right, title and interest in and to the Mortgaged Property thereunder and 
the proceeds thereof, and when such Mortgages are filed or recorded in the 
proper real estate filing or recording offices, and all relevant mortgage 
taxes and recording charges are duly paid, the Collateral Agent (for the 
benefit of the Secured Parties) shall have valid Liens with record notice 
to third parties on, and security interest in, all right, title, and 
interest of the applicable Loan Parties in such Mortgaged Property and, to 
the extent applicable, subject to Section 9-315 of the Uniform Commercial 
Code, the proceeds thereof, in each case prior and superior in right to the 
Lien of any other person, except for Permitted Liens.

(d)    Notwithstanding anything herein (including this Section 3.17) or in 
any other Loan Document to the contrary, (i) each of the parties hereto 
acknowledges and agrees that licensing by the Gaming Authorities may be 
required to enforce and/or exercise or foreclose upon certain security 
interests and such enforcement and/or exercise or foreclosure may be 
otherwise limited by the Gaming Laws and (ii) no Loan Party makes any 
representation or warranty as to the effects of perfection or 
non-perfection, the priority or the enforceability of any pledge of or 
security interest in any Equity Interests of any Foreign Subsidiary, or as 
to the rights and remedies of the Agents or any Lender with respect 
thereto, under foreign law.

SECTION 3.18.    Location of Real Property and Leased Premises.

(a)    The Perfection Certificate completely and correctly identifies, in 
all material respects, as of the Closing Date all material Real Property 
owned by the Loan Parties. As of the Closing Date, the Loan Parties own in 
fee all the Real Property set forth as being owned by them in the 
Perfection Certificate except to the extent set forth therein.
 
130

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(b)    The Perfection Certificate lists correctly in all material respects, 
as of the Closing Date, all material Real Property that is leased by the 
Loan Parties as the lessee and the addresses thereof. As of the Closing 
Date, the Loan Parties have in all material respects valid leases in all 
the Real Property set forth as being leased by them as the lessee in the 
Perfection Certificate except to the extent set forth therein.

SECTION 3.19.    Solvency.

(a)    On the Closing Date, immediately after giving effect to the 
Transactions, (i) the fair value of the assets of the Borrowers and the 
Subsidiaries on a combined or consolidated basis, at a fair valuation, will 
exceed the debts and liabilities, direct, subordinated, contingent or 
otherwise, of the Borrowers and the Subsidiaries on a combined or 
consolidated basis; (ii) the present fair saleable value of the property of 
the Borrowers and the Subsidiaries on a combined or consolidated basis will 
be greater than the amount that will be required to pay the probable 
liability of the Borrowers and the Subsidiaries on a combined or 
consolidated basis on their debts and other liabilities, direct, 
subordinated, contingent or otherwise, as such debts and other liabilities 
become absolute and matured; (iii) the Borrowers and the Subsidiaries on a 
combined or consolidated basis will be able to pay their debts and 
liabilities, direct, subordinated, contingent or otherwise, as such debts 
and liabilities become absolute and matured; and (iv) the Borrowers and the 
Subsidiaries on a combined or consolidated basis will not have unreasonably 
small capital with which to conduct the businesses in which they are 
engaged as such businesses are now conducted and are proposed to be 
conducted following the Closing Date.

(b)    On the Closing Date, immediately after giving effect to the 
consummation of the Transactions, none of the Borrowers intends to, and 
none of the Borrowers believes that it or any of its subsidiaries will, 
incur debts beyond its ability to pay such debts as they mature, taking 
into account the timing and amounts of cash to be received by it or any 
such subsidiary and the timing and amounts of cash to be payable on or in 
respect of its Indebtedness or the Indebtedness of any such subsidiary.

SECTION 3.20.    Labor Matters. Except as, individually or in the 
aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse 
Effect: (a) there are no strikes or other labor disputes pending or 
threatened against any Borrower or any of the Subsidiaries; (b) the hours 
worked and payments made to employees of the Borrowers and the Subsidiaries 
have not been in violation of the Fair Labor Standards Act or any other 
applicable law dealing with such matters; and (c) all payments due from any 
Borrower or any of the Subsidiaries or for which any claim may be made 
against any Borrower or any of the Subsidiaries, on account of wages and 
employee health and welfare insurance and other benefits have been paid or 
accrued as a liability on the books of such Borrower or such Subsidiary to 
the extent required by GAAP. Except as, individually or in the aggregate, 
would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, the 
consummation of the Transactions will not give rise to a right of 
termination or right of renegotiation on the part of any union under any 
material collective bargaining agreement to which any Borrower or any of 
the Subsidiaries (or any predecessor) is a party or by which any Borrower 
or any of the Subsidiaries (or any predecessor) is bound.
 
131

------------------------------------------------------------------------
SECTION 3.21.    No Default. No Default or Event of Default has occurred 
and is continuing or would result from the consummation of the transactions 
contemplated by this Agreement or any other Loan Document.

SECTION 3.22.    Intellectual Property; Licenses, Etc. Except as would not 
reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect and except as set 
forth in Schedule 3.22, (a) each Borrower and each of its Subsidiaries 
owns, or possesses the right to use, all of the patents, trademarks, 
service marks or trade names, copyrights or mask works, domain names, data, 
databases, trade secrets, applications and registrations for any of the 
foregoing (collectively, “Intellectual Property Rights”) that are 
reasonably necessary for the operation of their respective businesses, (b) 
to the best knowledge of the Borrowers, the Borrowers and the Subsidiaries 
are not interfering with, infringing upon, misappropriating or otherwise 
violating Intellectual Property Rights of any person, and (c) no claim or 
litigation regarding any of the foregoing is pending or, to the knowledge 
of the Borrowers, threatened.

SECTION 3.23.    Senior Debt. The Obligations constitute “Senior Debt” (or 
the equivalent thereof) and “Designated Senior Debt” (or the equivalent 
thereof, if any) under the documentation governing any Material 
Indebtedness of any Loan Party permitted to be incurred hereunder 
constituting Indebtedness that is subordinated in right of payment to the 
Loan Obligations.

SECTION 3.24.    Anti-Money Laundering and Economic Sanctions Laws.

(a)    As of the Closing Date, to the knowledge of senior management of 
each Loan Party, no Loan Party, none of its Subsidiaries, none of its 
controlled Affiliates and none of the respective officers, directors, 
brokers or agents of such Loan Party, such Subsidiary or controlled 
Affiliate has violated or is in violation of any applicable Anti-Money 
Laundering Law.

(b)    To the knowledge of senior management of each Loan Party, no Loan 
Party, none of its Subsidiaries, none of its controlled Affiliates and none 
of the respective officers, directors, brokers or agents of such Loan 
Party, such Subsidiary or such controlled Affiliate that is acting or 
benefiting in any capacity in connection with the Loans (i) is an Embargoed 
Person or (ii) except as otherwise authorized by OFAC, otherwise permitted 
for U.S. persons by a U.S. Governmental Authority or by any rule, 
regulation or order of a U.S. Governmental Authority, will use any proceeds 
of the Loans or Letters of Credit, or lend, contribute or otherwise make 
available such proceeds to any Person for the purpose of financing the 
activities of or with any Person or in any country or territory that, at 
the time of funding or facilitation, is an Embargoed Person.

(c)    No part of the proceeds of the Loans will be used, directly or 
indirectly, for any payments to any governmental official or employee, 
political party, official of a political party, candidate for political 
office, or anyone else acting in an official capacity, in order to obtain, 
retain or direct business or obtain any improper advantage, in violation of 
the United States Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended.
 
132

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(d)     None of the Borrowers or any of their Subsidiaries (i) is a person 
whose property or interest in property is blocked or subject to blocking 
pursuant to Section 1 of Executive Order 13224 of September 23, 2001 
Blocking Property and Prohibiting Transactions With Persons Who Commit, 
Threaten to Commit, or Support Terrorism (66 Fed. Reg. 49079 (2001)), (ii) 
engages in any dealings or transactions prohibited by Section 2 of such 
executive order, or is otherwise associated with any such person in any 
manner that violates Section 2 of such executive order, or (iii) is a 
person on the list of “Specially Designated Nationals and Blocked Persons” 
or subject to the limitations or prohibitions under any other U.S. 
Department of Treasury’s Office of Foreign Assets Control regulation or 
executive order.


ARTICLE IV
Conditions of Lending

The obligations of (a) the Lenders (including the Swingline Lender) to make 
Loans and (b) any L/C Issuer to permit any L/C Credit Extension hereunder 
(each, a “Credit Event”) are subject to the satisfaction (or waiver in 
accordance with Section 9.08) of the following conditions:

SECTION 4.01.    All Credit Events. On the date of each Borrowing and on 
the date of each L/C Credit Extension:

(a)    The Administrative Agent shall have received, in the case of a 
Borrowing, a Borrowing Request as required by Section 2.03 (or a Borrowing 
Request shall have been deemed given in accordance with the last paragraph 
of Section 2.03) or, in the case of an L/C Credit Extension, the applicable 
L/C Issuer and the Administrative Agent shall have received a Letter of 
Credit Application as required by Section 2.05(b).

(b)    The representations and warranties set forth in the Loan Documents 
shall be true and correct in all material respects as of such date (other 
than an amendment, extension or renewal of a Letter of Credit without any 
increase in the stated amount of such Letter of Credit), as applicable, 
with the same effect as though made on and as of such date, except to the 
extent such representations and warranties expressly relate to an earlier 
date (in which case such representations and warranties shall be true and 
correct in all material respects as of such earlier date).

(c)    At the time of and immediately after each Borrowing or L/C Credit 
Extension (other than an amendment, extension or renewal of a Letter of 
Credit without any increase in the stated amount of such Letter of Credit), 
as applicable, no Event of Default or Default shall have occurred and be 
continuing.

Each such Borrowing (subject to the immediately preceding paragraph) and 
each L/C Credit Extension shall be deemed to constitute a representation 
and warranty by the Borrowers on the date of such Borrowing or L/C 
Extension as to the matters specified in paragraphs (b) and (c) of this 
Section 4.01.
 
133

------------------------------------------------------------------------
SECTION 4.02.    First Credit Event. On or prior to the Closing Date:

(a) The Administrative Agent (or its counsel) shall have received from each 
of the Borrowers, the L/C Issuer and the Lenders (i) a counterpart of this 
Agreement signed on behalf of such party or (ii) written evidence 
reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent (which may include 
delivery of a signed signature page of this Agreement by facsimile or other 
means of electronic transmission (e.g., “pdf”)) that such party has signed 
a counterpart of this Agreement.

(b) The Administrative Agent shall have received, on behalf of itself, the 
Lenders and each L/C Issuer, a written opinion of (i) Paul, Weiss, Rifkind, 
Wharton & Garrison LLP, special counsel for the Loan Parties, and (ii) each 
local counsel specified on Schedule 4.02(b), in each case (A) dated the 
Closing Date, (B) addressed to each L/C Issuer, the Administrative Agent 
and the Lenders and (C) in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to 
the Administrative Agent covering such matters relating to the Loan 
Documents as the Administrative Agent shall reasonably request.

(c) The Administrative Agent shall have received a certificate of the 
Secretary or Assistant Secretary or similar officer of each Loan Party 
dated the Closing Date and certifying:

(i)    a copy of the certificate or articles of incorporation, certificate 
of limited partnership, certificate of formation or other equivalent 
constituent and governing documents, including all amendments thereto, of 
such Loan Party, (1) in the case of a corporation, certified as of a recent 
date by the Secretary of State (or other similar official) of the 
jurisdiction of its organization, or (2) otherwise certified by the 
Secretary or Assistant Secretary of such Loan Party or other person duly 
authorized by the constituent documents of such Loan Party,

(ii)    a certificate as to the good standing (to the extent such concept 
or a similar concept exists under the laws of such jurisdiction) of such 
Loan Party as of a recent date from such Secretary of State (or other 
similar official),

(iii)    that attached thereto is a true and complete copy of the by-laws 
(or partnership agreement, limited liability company agreement or other 
equivalent constituent and governing documents) of such Loan Party as in 
effect on the Closing Date and at all times since a date prior to the date 
of the resolutions described in clause (iv) below,

(iv)    that attached thereto is a true and complete copy of resolutions 
duly adopted by the Board of Directors (or equivalent governing body) of 
such Loan Party (or its managing general partner or managing member) 
authorizing the execution, delivery and performance of the Loan Documents 
dated as of the Closing Date to which such person is a party and, in the 
case of the Borrowers, the borrowings hereunder, and that such resolutions 
have not been modified, rescinded or amended and are in full force and 
effect on the Closing Date,
 
134

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(v)    as to the incumbency and specimen signature of each officer 
executing any Loan Document or any other document delivered in connection 
herewith on behalf of such Loan Party, and

(vi)    as to the absence of any pending proceeding for the dissolution or 
liquidation of such Loan Party or, to the knowledge of such person, 
threatening the existence of such Loan Party.

(d) The Administrative Agent shall have received a completed Perfection 
Certificate, dated the Closing Date and signed by a Responsible Officer of 
each Borrower, together with all attachments contemplated thereby, and the 
results of a search of the Uniform Commercial Code (or equivalent), tax and 
judgment, United States Patent and Trademark Office and United States 
Copyright Office filings made with respect to the Loan Parties in the 
jurisdictions contemplated by the Perfection Certificate and copies of the 
financing statements (or similar documents) disclosed by such search and 
evidence reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent that the Liens 
indicated by such financing statements (or similar documents) are Permitted 
Liens or have been, or will be simultaneously or substantially concurrently 
with the closing under this Agreement, released (or arrangements reasonably 
satisfactory to the Administrative Agent for such release shall have been 
made).

(e) The Lenders shall have received a solvency certificate substantially in 
the form of Exhibit J and signed by a Financial Officer of the Company 
confirming the solvency of the Borrowers and the Subsidiaries on a combined 
or consolidated basis after giving effect to the Transactions on the 
Closing Date.

(f) The Agents shall have received all fees payable thereto or to any 
Lender on or prior to the Closing Date and, to the extent invoiced, all 
other amounts due and payable pursuant to the Loan Documents on or prior to 
the Closing Date, including, to the extent invoiced at least one Business 
Day prior to the Closing Date, reimbursement or payment of all reasonable 
and documented out-of-pocket expenses (including reasonable fees, charges 
and disbursements of Cahill Gordon & Reindel LLP) required to be reimbursed 
or paid by the Loan Parties hereunder or under any Loan Document.

(g) Except as set forth in Schedule 5.10 (which, for the avoidance of 
doubt, shall override the applicable clauses of the definition of 
“Collateral Requirement” for the purposes of this Section 4.02) and subject 
to the grace periods and post-closing periods set forth in such definition, 
the Collateral Requirement shall be satisfied (or waived pursuant to the 
terms hereof) as of the Closing Date.

(h) The Administrative Agent shall have received all documentation and 
other information required by Section 9.20, to the extent such information 
has been requested not less than ten (10) Business Days prior to the 
Closing Date.

(i) The Borrowers shall have delivered to the Administrative Agent a 
certificate dated as of the Closing Date, to the effect set forth in 
Sections 4.01(b) and 4.01(c).
 
135

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(j) All Indebtedness under the Existing Facilities shall have been, or 
shall be substantially concurrently with the initial borrowing hereunder, 
repaid and all commitments thereunder terminated, and the Administrative 
Agent shall have received customary payoff letters evidencing such 
repayment and termination.

(k) The Lenders shall have received the financial statements, Pro Forma 
Financial Statements and Pro Forma Adjusted EBITDA referred to in Section 
3.05.

For purposes of determining compliance with the conditions specified in 
this Section 4.02, each Lender shall be deemed to have consented to, 
approved or accepted or to be satisfied with each document or other matter 
required thereunder to be consented to or approved by or acceptable or 
satisfactory to the Lenders unless an officer of the Administrative Agent 
responsible for the transactions contemplated by the Loan Documents shall 
have received notice from such Lender prior to the Closing Date specifying 
its objection thereto and, in the case of a Borrowing, such Lender shall 
not have made available to the Administrative Agent such Lender’s ratable 
portion of the initial Borrowing.


ARTICLE V
Affirmative Covenants

Each of the Borrowers covenants and agrees with each Lender that until the 
Termination Date, unless the Required Lenders shall otherwise consent in 
writing, the Borrowers will, and will cause each of the Subsidiaries to:

SECTION 5.01.    Existence; Businesses and Properties.

(a)    Do or cause to be done all things necessary to preserve, renew and 
keep in full force and effect its legal existence, except, in the case of a 
Subsidiary of a Borrower, where the failure to do so would not reasonably 
be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, and except as otherwise 
permitted under Section 6.05; provided that any Borrower may liquidate or 
dissolve one or more Borrowers (other than the Company) or Subsidiaries if 
the assets of such Borrower or Subsidiaries (to the extent they exceed 
estimated liabilities) are acquired by a Borrower or a Wholly-Owned 
Subsidiary of a Borrower in such liquidation or dissolution, except that 
Borrowers and Subsidiary Loan Parties may not be liquidated into 
Subsidiaries that are not Loan Parties and Domestic Subsidiaries may not be 
liquidated into Foreign Subsidiaries (except in each case as otherwise 
permitted under Section 6.05).

(b)    Except where the failure to do so would not reasonably be expected 
to have a Material Adverse Effect, do or cause to be done all things 
necessary to (i) lawfully obtain, preserve, renew, extend and keep in full 
force and effect the permits, franchises, authorizations, patents, 
trademarks, service marks, trade names, copyrights, licenses and rights 
with respect thereto necessary to the normal conduct of its business, and 
(ii) at all times maintain and preserve all property necessary to the 
normal conduct of its business and keep such property in good repair, 
working order and condition (ordinary wear and tear excepted), from time to 
time make, or cause to be made, all needful and proper repairs, renewals, 
additions, improvements and replacements thereto necessary in order that 
the business carried on in connection therewith, if any, may be properly 
conducted at all times (in each case except as permitted by this 
Agreement).
 
136

------------------------------------------------------------------------
SECTION 5.02.    Insurance.

(a)    Maintain, with financially sound and reputable insurance companies, 
insurance (subject to customary deductibles and retentions) in such amounts 
and against such risks as are customarily maintained by similarly situated 
companies engaged in the same or similar businesses operating in the same 
or similar locations and cause the Loan Parties to be listed as insured and 
the Collateral Agent to be listed as a co-loss payee on property and 
property casualty policies and as an additional insured on liability 
policies. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Borrowers and the Subsidiaries 
may self-insure with respect to such risks with respect to which companies 
of established reputation engaged in the same general line of business in 
the same general area usually self-insure.

(b)    With respect to any Mortgaged Properties, if at any time the area in 
which the Premises (as defined in the Mortgages) are located is designated 
a “flood hazard area” in any Flood Insurance Rate Map published by the 
Federal Emergency Management Agency (or any successor agency) Borrowers and 
the Subsidiaries shall obtain flood insurance to the extent required to 
comply with the National Flood Insurance Program as set forth in the Flood 
Disaster Protection Act of 1973, as it may be amended from time to time.

(c)    In connection with the covenants set forth in this Section 5.02, it 
is understood and agreed that:

(i)    none of the Administrative Agent, the Lenders, the L/C Issuer and 
their respective agents or employees shall be liable for any loss or damage 
insured by the insurance policies required to be maintained under this 
Section 5.02, it being understood that (A) the Loan Parties shall look 
solely to their insurance companies or any other parties other than the 
aforesaid parties for the recovery of such loss or damage and (B) such 
insurance companies shall have no rights of subrogation against the 
Administrative Agent, the Lenders, any L/C Issuer or their agents or 
employees. If, however, the insurance policies, as a matter of the internal 
policy of such insurer, do not provide waiver of subrogation rights against 
such parties, as required above, then each Borrower, on behalf of itself 
and behalf of its Subsidiaries, hereby agrees, to the extent permitted by 
law, to waive, and further agrees to cause each of its Subsidiaries to 
waive, its right of recovery, if any, against the Administrative Agent, the 
Lenders, any L/C Issuer and their agents and employees;

(ii)    the designation of any form, type or amount of insurance coverage 
by the Administrative Agent under this Section 5.02 shall in no event be 
deemed a representation, warranty or advice by the Administrative Agent or 
the Lenders that such insurance is adequate for the purposes of the 
business of the Borrowers and the Subsidiaries or the protection of their 
properties; and
 
137

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(iii)    the amount and type of insurance that the Borrowers and its 
Subsidiaries has in effect as of the Closing Date satisfies for all 
purposes the requirements of this Section 5.02.

SECTION 5.03.    Taxes. Pay and discharge promptly when due all Taxes, 
imposed upon it or upon its income or profits or in respect of its 
property, before the same shall become delinquent or in default, as well as 
all material lawful claims which, if unpaid, might give rise to a Lien 
(other than a Permitted Lien) upon such properties or any part thereof; 
provided, however, that such payment and discharge shall not be required 
with respect to any such Tax, assessment, charge, levy or claim where (a) 
the validity or amount thereof is being contested in good faith by 
appropriate proceedings and the Borrowers or the affected Subsidiary, as 
applicable, shall have set aside on its books adequate reserves in 
accordance with GAAP with respect thereto or (b) the failure to make 
payment could not reasonably be expected, individually or in the aggregate, 
to result in a Material Adverse Effect.

SECTION 5.04.    Financial Statements, Reports, etc. Furnish to the 
Administrative Agent (which will promptly furnish such information to the 
Lenders):

(a)    Within 105 days (or such other time period as specified in the SEC’s 
rules and regulations with respect to non-accelerated filers for the filing 
of annual reports on Form 10-K), following the end of each fiscal year 
(commencing with the fiscal year ending December 31, 2013), a combined or 
consolidated balance sheet and related statements of operations, cash flows 
and owners’ equity showing the financial position of the Borrowers and the 
Subsidiaries as of the close of such fiscal year and the combined or 
consolidated results of their operations during such year and setting forth 
in comparative form the corresponding figures for the prior fiscal year, 
which combined or consolidated balance sheet and related statements of 
operations, cash flows and owners’ equity shall be audited by independent 
public accountants of recognized national standing and accompanied by an 
opinion of such accountants (which opinion shall not be qualified as to 
scope of audit or as to the status of any Borrower or any Material 
Subsidiary as a going concern, other than solely with respect to, or 
resulting solely from an upcoming maturity date under any series of 
Indebtedness occurring within one year from the time such opinion is 
delivered) to the effect that such combined or consolidated financial 
statements fairly present, in all material respects, the financial position 
and results of operations of the Borrowers and the Subsidiaries on a 
combined or consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP (it being understood 
that the delivery by CERP LLC of annual reports on Form 10-K of the 
Borrowers and their combined or consolidated Subsidiaries shall satisfy the 
requirements of this Section 5.04(a) to the extent such annual reports 
include the information specified herein);

(b)    Within 60 days (or such other time period as specified in the SEC’s 
rules and regulations with respect to non-accelerated filers for the filing 
of quarterly reports on Form 10-Q) (or, in the case of the first fiscal 
quarter for which quarterly financial statements are required to be 
delivered hereunder, within 75 days following the end of such fiscal 
quarter), following the end of each of the first three fiscal quarters of 
each fiscal year (commencing with the fiscal quarter ending September 30, 
2013), a combined or consolidated balance sheet and related statements of 
operations and cash flows
 
138

------------------------------------------------------------------------
showing the financial position of the Borrowers and the Subsidiaries as of 
the close of such fiscal quarter and the combined or consolidated results 
of their operations during such fiscal quarter and the then-elapsed portion 
of the fiscal year and setting forth in comparative form the corresponding 
figures for the corresponding periods of the prior fiscal year, all of 
which shall be in reasonable detail and which combined or consolidated 
balance sheet and related statements of operations and cash flows shall be 
certified by a Financial Officer of CERP LLC on behalf of the Borrowers as 
fairly presenting, in all material respects, the financial position and 
results of operations of the Borrowers and the Subsidiaries on a combined 
or consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP (subject to normal year-end 
audit adjustments and the absence of footnotes) (it being understood that 
the delivery by CERP LLC of quarterly reports on Form 10-Q of the Borrowers 
and their combined or consolidated Subsidiaries shall satisfy the 
requirements of this Section 5.04(b) to the extent such quarterly reports 
include the information specified herein);

(c)    (x) concurrently with any delivery of financial statements under 
paragraphs (a) or (b) above, a certificate of a Financial Officer of the 
Company (i) certifying that no Event of Default or Default has occurred or, 
if such an Event of Default or Default has occurred, specifying the nature 
and extent thereof and any corrective action taken or proposed to be taken 
with respect thereto and (ii) commencing with the fiscal quarter ending on 
the last day of the first full fiscal quarter after the Closing Date, but 
not including any fiscal quarter that ends during a Covenant Suspension 
Period, setting forth computations in reasonable detail satisfactory to the 
Administrative Agent calculating the Financial Performance Covenant, and 
(y) concurrently with any delivery of financial statements under paragraph 
(a) above, if the accounting firm is not restricted from providing such a 
certificate by its policies, a certificate of the accounting firm opining 
on or certifying such statements stating whether they obtained knowledge 
during the course of their examination of such statements of any Default or 
Event of Default (which certificate may be limited to accounting matters 
and disclaim responsibility for legal interpretations);

(d)    promptly after the same become publicly available, copies of all 
periodic and other publicly available reports, proxy statements and, to the 
extent requested by the Administrative Agent, other materials filed by any 
Borrower or any of the Subsidiaries with the SEC, or after an initial 
public offering, distributed to its stockholders generally, as applicable; 
provided, however, that such reports, proxy statements, filings and other 
materials required to be delivered pursuant to this paragraph (d) shall be 
deemed delivered for purposes of this Agreement when posted to the website 
of any of the Borrowers or the website of the SEC;

(e)    within 105 days after the beginning of each fiscal year (or such 
later date as the Administrative Agent may agree), a reasonably detailed 
combined or consolidated annual budget for such fiscal year (including a 
projected combined or consolidated balance sheet of the Borrowers and the 
Subsidiaries as of the end of the following fiscal year, and the related 
combined or consolidated statements of projected cash flow and projected 
income), including a description of underlying assumptions with respect 
thereto (collectively, the “Budget”), which Budget shall in each case be 
accompanied by the
 
139

------------------------------------------------------------------------
statement of a Financial Officer of the Company to the effect that, the 
Budget is based on assumptions believed by such Financial Officer to be 
reasonable as of the date of delivery thereof;

(f)    upon the reasonable request of the Administrative Agent not more 
frequently than twice a year unless an Event of Default has occurred and is 
continuing, an updated Perfection Certificate (or, to the extent such 
request relates to specified information contained in the Perfection 
Certificate, such information) reflecting all changes since the date of the 
information most recently received pursuant to this paragraph (f) or 
Section 5.10(f);

(g)    promptly, from time to time, such other information regarding the 
operations, business affairs and financial condition of any Borrower or any 
of the Subsidiaries (including without limitation with regard to compliance 
with the USA PATRIOT Act), or compliance with the terms of any Loan 
Document, as in each case the Administrative Agent may reasonably request 
(for itself or on behalf of the Lenders); and

(h)    (i) in the event that in respect of the First Priority Senior 
Secured Notes, the Second Priority Senior Secured Notes or any Permitted 
Refinancing Indebtedness with respect thereto, the rules and regulations of 
the SEC permit CERP LLC or any Parent Entity to report at CERP LLC or such 
Parent Entity’s level on a combined or consolidated basis such combined or 
consolidated reporting at CERP LLC or such Parent Entity’s level in a 
manner consistent with that described in paragraphs (a) and (b) of this 
Section 5.04 for the Borrowers (together with a reconciliation showing the 
adjustments necessary to determine compliance by the Borrowers and the 
Subsidiaries with the Financial Performance Covenant) will satisfy the 
requirements of such paragraphs and (ii) notwithstanding the foregoing, it 
is understood and agreed that until such time as CERP LLC shall have filed 
a registration statement with the SEC with respect to the First Priority 
Senior Secured Notes or the Second Priority Senior Secured Notes, the 
combined or consolidated financial statements required by this Section 5.04 
may be satisfied by the delivery of financial statements that are prepared 
on a basis consistent with the presentation thereof in the Notes Offering 
Memorandum.

SECTION 5.05.    Litigation and Other Notices. Furnish to the 
Administrative Agent (which will promptly thereafter furnish to the 
Lenders) written notice of the following promptly after any Responsible 
Officer of the Company obtains actual knowledge thereof:

(a)    any Event of Default or Default, specifying the nature and extent 
thereof and the corrective action (if any) proposed to be taken with 
respect thereto;

(b)    the filing or commencement of, or any written threat or notice of 
intention of any person to file or commence, any action, suit or 
proceeding, whether at law or in equity or by or before any Governmental 
Authority (including any action, suit or proceeding by or subject to 
decision by any Gaming Authority) or in arbitration, against any Borrower 
or any of the Subsidiaries as to which an adverse determination is 
reasonably probable and which, if adversely determined, would reasonably be 
expected to have a Material Adverse Effect;
 
140

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(c)    any other development specific to any Borrower or any of the 
Subsidiaries that is not a matter of general public knowledge and that has 
had, or would reasonably be expected to have, a Material Adverse Effect;

(d)    the development or occurrence of any ERISA Event that, together with 
all other ERISA Events that have developed or occurred, would reasonably be 
expected to have a Material Adverse Effect;

(e)    promptly after the same are available, copies of any written 
communication to any Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries from any Gaming 
Authority advising it of a material violation of, or material 
non-compliance with, any Gaming Law by any Borrower or any of its 
Subsidiaries; and

(f)    CERP LLC’s determination of the commencement or termination of a 
Covenant Suspension Period.

SECTION 5.06.    Compliance with Laws. Comply with all laws, rules, 
regulations and orders of any Governmental Authority applicable to it or 
its property, including all Gaming Laws and the Economic Sanction Laws, 
except that the Borrowers and the Subsidiaries need not comply with any 
laws, rules, regulations and orders of any Governmental Authority then 
being contested by any of them in good faith by appropriate proceedings, 
and except where the failure to do so, individually or in the aggregate, 
would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect; 
provided that this Section 5.06 shall not apply to Environmental Laws, 
which are the subject of Section 5.09, or to laws related to Taxes, which 
are the subject of Section 5.03.

SECTION 5.07.    Maintaining Records; Access to Properties and Inspections
. Maintain all financial records in accordance with GAAP and permit any 
persons designated by the Administrative Agent or, upon the occurrence and 
during the continuance of an Event of Default, any Lender to visit and 
inspect the financial records and the properties of any Borrower or any of 
the Subsidiaries at reasonable times, upon reasonable prior notice to such 
Borrower, and as often as reasonably requested and to make extracts from 
and copies of such financial records, and permit any persons designated by 
the Administrative Agent or, upon the occurrence and during the continuance 
of an Event of Default, any Lender upon reasonable prior notice to such 
Borrower to discuss the affairs, finances and condition of such Borrower or 
any of the Subsidiaries with the officers thereof and independent 
accountants therefor (so long as the Borrowers have the opportunity to 
participate in any such discussions with such accountants), in each case, 
subject to reasonable requirements of confidentiality, including 
requirements imposed by law or by contract.

SECTION 5.08.    Use of Proceeds. Use the proceeds of the Loans in the 
manner set forth in Section 3.12.

SECTION 5.09.    Compliance with Environmental Laws. Comply, and make 
reasonable efforts to cause all lessees and other persons occupying its 
properties to comply, with all Environmental Laws applicable to its 
operations and properties; and obtain and renew all material authorizations 
and permits required pursuant to Environmental Law for its operations
 
141

------------------------------------------------------------------------
and properties, in each case in accordance with Environmental Laws, except, 
in each case with respect to this Section 5.09, to the extent the failure 
to do so would not reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the 
aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect.

SECTION 5.10.    Further Assurances; Additional Security.

(a)    Execute any and all further documents, financing statements, 
agreements and instruments, and take all such further actions (including 
the filing and recording of financing statements, fixture filings, 
Mortgages and other documents and recordings of Liens in stock registries), 
that the Collateral Agent may reasonably request, to satisfy the Collateral 
Requirement and to cause the Collateral Requirement to be and remain 
satisfied, all at the expense of the Loan Parties and provide to the 
Collateral Agent, from time to time upon reasonable request, evidence 
reasonably satisfactory to the Collateral Agent as to the perfection and 
priority of the Liens created or intended to be created by the Security 
Documents, subject in each case to paragraph (g) below.

(b)    If any asset (other than Real Property, which is covered by 
paragraph (c) below) that has an individual fair market value (as 
determined in good faith by the Borrowers) in an amount greater than $15.0 
million is acquired by any Loan Party after the Closing Date (in each case 
other than (x) assets constituting Collateral under a Security Document 
that become subject to the Lien of such Security Document upon acquisition 
thereof and (y) assets constituting Excluded Property), such Loan Party 
will (i) promptly as practicable notify the Collateral Agent thereof and 
(ii) take or cause the Subsidiary Loan Parties to take such actions as 
shall be reasonably requested by the Collateral Agent to grant and perfect 
such Liens (subject to any Permitted Liens), including actions described in 
paragraph (a) of this Section, all at the expense of the Loan Parties, 
subject to paragraph (g) below.

(c)    Promptly notify the Administrative Agent of the acquisition (which 
for this clause (c) shall include the improvement of any Real Property that 
was not Owned Real Property that results in it qualifying as Owned Real 
Property) of and will grant and cause each of the Subsidiary Loan Parties 
to grant to the Collateral Agent security interests in, and mortgages on, 
such Owned Real Property of any Loan Parties that are not Mortgaged 
Property as of the Closing Date, to the extent acquired after the Closing 
Date, within 90 days after such acquisition (or such later date as the 
Collateral Agent may agree in its reasonable discretion), pursuant to 
documentation substantially in the form of Exhibit E or in such other form 
as is reasonably satisfactory to the Collateral Agent (each, an “
Additional Mortgage”) and constituting valid and enforceable Liens subject 
to no other Liens except Permitted Liens at the time of recordation 
thereof, record or file, and cause each such Subsidiary Loan Party to 
record or file, the Additional Mortgage or instruments related thereto in 
such manner and in such places as is required by law to establish, perfect, 
preserve and protect the Liens in favor of the Collateral Agent required to 
be granted pursuant to the Additional Mortgages and pay, and cause each 
such Subsidiary Loan Party to pay, in full, all Taxes, fees and other 
charges required to be paid in connection therewith, in each case subject 
to paragraph (g) below. Unless otherwise waived by the Collateral Agent, 
with respect to each such Additional Mortgage, the applicable Borrower 
shall deliver to the Collateral Agent contemporaneously therewith a flood 
hazard determination (along with an executed borrower’s notice and evidence 
of insurance as necessary), leasehold documentation, including an estoppel 
and consent agreement and a recorded lease or
 
142

------------------------------------------------------------------------
memorandum thereof, as necessary, opinions of local counsel, a title 
insurance policy and a survey and otherwise comply with the Collateral 
Requirements applicable to Mortgages and Mortgaged Property. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing in this paragraph (c), to the extent that any 
Borrower anticipates in good faith (1) delivering a Project Notice to the 
Administrative Agent with respect to any such Owned Real Property acquired 
after the Closing Date within forty-five (45) days following such 
acquisition and (2) that such Project Notice would result in the release of 
a Mortgage securing the Obligations pursuant to Section 5.11(a) (if there 
were a Mortgage on such Owned Real Property), then such Borrower shall not 
be required to deliver an Additional Mortgage with respect to such Owned 
Real Property pursuant to this paragraph (c) (and such Owned Real Property 
will instead be subject to Section 5.11 below). If such Borrower has not 
delivered a Project Notice with respect to such Owned Real Property within 
such forty-five (45) day period, then such Borrower shall promptly take the 
actions required to be taken pursuant to this paragraph (c).

(d)    If any additional direct or indirect Subsidiary of any Borrower is 
formed or acquired after the Closing Date (with any Subsidiary 
Redesignation resulting in an Unrestricted Subsidiary becoming a Subsidiary 
being deemed to constitute the acquisition of a Subsidiary) and if such 
Subsidiary is a Wholly-Owned Domestic Subsidiary (other than an Excluded 
Subsidiary), within fifteen (15) Business Days after the date such 
Wholly-Owned Domestic Subsidiary is formed or acquired (or such longer 
period as the Collateral Agent may reasonably agree), notify the Collateral 
Agent thereof and, within twenty (20) Business Days after the date such 
Wholly-Owned Domestic Subsidiary is formed or acquired or such longer 
period as the Collateral Agent shall agree (or, with respect to clauses (g) 
and (h) of the definition of “Collateral Requirement,” within 90 days after 
such formation or acquisition or such longer period as set forth therein or 
as the Collateral Agent may agree in its reasonable discretion, as 
applicable), cause the Collateral Requirement to be satisfied with respect 
to such Domestic Subsidiary and with respect to any Equity Interest in or 
Indebtedness of such Domestic Subsidiary owned by or on behalf of any Loan 
Party, subject in each case to paragraph (g) below.

(e)    If any additional Foreign Subsidiary of any Borrower is formed or 
acquired after the Closing Date (with any Subsidiary Redesignation 
resulting in an Unrestricted Subsidiary becoming a Subsidiary being deemed 
to constitute the acquisition of a Subsidiary) and if such Subsidiary 
constitutes a “first tier” Foreign Subsidiary of a Loan Party, within 
fifteen (15) Business Days after the date such Foreign Subsidiary is formed 
or acquired (or such longer period as the Collateral Agent may agree), 
notify the Collateral Agent thereof and, within twenty (20) Business Days 
after the date such Foreign Subsidiary is formed or acquired or such longer 
period as the Collateral Agent shall agree, cause the Collateral 
Requirement to be satisfied with respect to any Equity Interest in such 
Foreign Subsidiary owned by or on behalf of any Loan Party, subject in each 
case to paragraph (g) below.

(f)    Furnish to the Collateral Agent promptly (and in any event within 30 
days after such change) written notice of any change (A) in any Loan 
Party’s corporate or organization name, (B) in any Loan Party’s identity or 
organizational structure, (C) in any Loan Party’s organizational 
identification number or (D) in any Loan Party’s jurisdiction of 
organization; provided, that no Loan Party shall effect or permit any such 
change unless all filings have been made, or will have been made within any 
statutory period, under the Uniform
 
143

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Commercial Code or otherwise that are required in order for the Collateral 
Agent to continue at all times following such change to have a valid, legal 
and perfected security interest in all the Collateral for the benefit of 
the Secured Parties with the same priority as prior to such change.

(g)    The Collateral Requirement and the other provisions of this Section 
5.10 and the other provisions of the Loan Documents with respect to 
Collateral need not be satisfied with respect to any of the following 
(collectively, the “Excluded Property”): (i) any Real Property held by any 
Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries as a lessee under a lease or any Real 
Property owned in fee that is not Owned Real Property, (ii) motor vehicles 
and other assets subject to certificates of title and letter of credit 
rights (in each case, other than to the extent a Lien on such assets or 
such rights can be perfected by filing a UCC-1), and commercial tort claims 
with a value of less than $10.0 million, (iii) pledges and security 
interests prohibited by applicable law, rule, regulation (including any 
Gaming Law) or enforceable contractual obligation not in violation of 
Section 6.09(c) binding on the assets that existed at the time of the 
acquisition thereof and was not created or made binding on the assets in 
contemplation or in connection with the acquisition of such assets (except 
in the case of assets (A) owned on the Closing Date or (B) acquired after 
the Closing Date with Indebtedness of the type permitted pursuant to 
clauses (i) or (j) of Section 6.01) (in each case, except to the extent 
such prohibition is unenforceable after giving effect to the applicable 
anti-assignment provisions of Article 9 of the Uniform Commercial Code of 
any applicable jurisdiction), (iv) assets to the extent a security interest 
in such assets could reasonably be expected to result in material adverse 
tax consequences (as determined in good faith by the Borrowers), (v) those 
assets as to which the Collateral Agent and the Borrowers reasonably agree 
that the costs or other consequence of obtaining or perfecting such a 
security interest or perfection thereof are excessive in relation to the 
value of the security to be afforded thereby, (vi) any lease, license or 
other agreement to the extent that a grant of a security interest therein 
would violate or invalidate such lease, license or agreement or create a 
right of termination in favor of any other party thereto (other than a 
Borrower or any other Loan Party) after giving effect to the applicable 
anti-assignment provisions of Article 9 of the Uniform Commercial Code, 
(vii) any governmental licenses (including gaming licenses) or state or 
local franchises, charters and authorizations, to the extent security 
interests in such licenses, franchises, charters or authorizations are 
prohibited or restricted thereby after giving effect to the applicable 
anti-assignment provisions of Article 9 of the Uniform Commercial Code, 
(viii) pending United States “intent-to-use” trademark applications for 
which a verified statement of use or an amendment to allege use has not 
been filed with and accepted by the United States Patent and Trademark 
Office, (ix) other customary exclusions under applicable local law or in 
applicable local jurisdictions set forth in the Security Documents, (x) any 
Excluded Securities and (xi) for the avoidance of doubt, any assets owned 
by, or the Equity Interests of, any Qualified Non-Recourse Subsidiary or 
any Special Purpose Receivables Subsidiary or any other asset securing any 
Qualified Non-Recourse Debt or any Permitted Receivables Financing (which 
shall in no event constitute Collateral hereunder, nor shall any Qualified 
Non-Recourse Subsidiary or Special Purpose Receivables Subsidiary be a Loan 
Party hereunder); provided, that the Borrowers may in their sole discretion 
elect to exclude any property from the definition of Excluded Property. 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, the Collateral 
Agreement, or any other Loan Document, (i) the Collateral Agent may grant 
extensions of time or waiver of requirement for the creation or perfection 
of security interests in or the obtaining of insurance (including title 
insurance) and surveys with respect to particular assets (including 
extensions beyond the Closing Date for the perfection of
 
144

------------------------------------------------------------------------
security interests in the assets of the Loan Parties on such date) where it 
reasonably determines, in consultation with the Company, that perfection or 
obtaining of such items cannot be accomplished without undue effort or 
expense by the time or times at which it would otherwise be required by 
this Agreement or the other Loan Documents, (ii) no foreign law governed 
security documents shall be required, (iii) Liens required to be granted 
from time to time pursuant to the Collateral Requirement and the Security 
Documents shall be subject to exceptions and limitations set forth in the 
Security Documents and, to the extent appropriate in the applicable 
jurisdiction, as otherwise agreed between the Administrative Agent and the 
Company, (iv) to the extent any Mortgaged Property is located in a 
jurisdiction with mortgage recording or similar tax, the amount secured by 
the Security Document with respect to such Mortgaged Property shall be 
limited to the fair market value of such Mortgaged Property as determined 
in good faith by the Borrowers (subject to any applicable laws in the 
relevant jurisdiction or such lesser amount agreed to by the Collateral 
Agent) and (v) there shall be no control, lockbox or similar arrangements 
nor any control agreements relating to the Borrowers’ and their 
subsidiaries’ bank accounts (including deposit, securities or commodities 
accounts).

(h)    The Borrowers shall, or shall cause the applicable Loan Parties to, 
satisfy the requirements listed on Schedule 5.10 within the timeframes 
indicated thereon.

SECTION 5.11.    Real Property Development Matters.

(a)    Releases of Mortgaged Property. In the event that a Borrower 
delivers a Project Notice to the Administrative Agent with respect to all 
or any portion of a Mortgaged Property or Mortgaged Properties constituting 
Undeveloped Land identifying the applicable Mortgaged Property or 
Properties, providing a reasonable description of the Project that such 
Borrower anticipates in good faith to be undertaken with respect to such 
Mortgaged Property or Properties constituting Undeveloped Land and 
identifying the Project Financing to be entered into in connection with the 
financing of such Project, then, if (x) the terms of such Project Financing 
require the release of the Mortgage securing the Obligations and (y) in the 
case of Undeveloped Land acquired after the Closing Date, the Borrowers are 
in Pro Forma Compliance after giving effect to such Project Financing, on 
the later of the date that is ten (10) Business Days following the date of 
the delivery of the Project Notice to the Administrative Agent and the date 
a mortgage or other security document securing the Project Financing is 
executed and delivered for recording pending, or is executed and delivered 
substantially concurrently with, the release of the Mortgage securing the 
Obligations, the security interest and Mortgage on the applicable Mortgaged 
Property or Properties shall be automatically released, all without 
delivery of any instrument or performance of any act by any party (and any 
Loan Party shall be permitted to take any action in connection therewith 
consistent with such release including, without limitation, the filing of 
UCC termination statements). In connection with any such termination or 
release, the Administrative Agent and Collateral Agent shall execute and 
deliver (or cause to be executed or delivered) to any Loan Party, at such 
Loan Party’s expense, all documents that such Loan Party shall reasonably 
request to evidence such termination or release (including, without 
limitation, mortgage releases (including partial mortgage releases in the 
case where the Mortgaged Property covered by any Mortgage includes 
Mortgaged Property not subject to such release) and UCC termination 
statements), and will duly assign and transfer to such Loan Party any such 
applicable Mortgaged Property. Any execution and delivery of documents 
pursuant to this Section 5.11 shall be without recourse to or warranty by 
the Administrative Agent or
 
145

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Collateral Agent. With respect to any Owned Real Property owned by any Loan 
Party that is subject to a Project Financing pursuant to this Section 5.11, 
no second lien mortgages may be placed on such Owned Real Property while 
such Project Financing is outstanding.

(b)    New Mortgages on Developed Properties.

(i)    Promptly (but in no event later than 20 Business Days (or such 
longer time as the Administrative Agent shall permit in its reasonable 
discretion)) following the final completion of construction (as defined in 
the applicable engineering, procurement and construction contract) of any 
Project for which a Project Notice was previously delivered to the 
Administrative Agent, the applicable Borrower shall notify the 
Administrative Agent of the completion of such Project and, to the extent 
permitted by the terms of the applicable Project Financing (provided that 
to the extent the terms of the applicable Project Financing restrict the 
taking of such actions, such Borrower shall take such actions promptly (but 
in no event later than 20 Business Days (or such longer period as the 
Administrative Agent shall permit in its reasonable discretion)) following 
the cessation of such restrictions), shall take the actions specified in 
clause (iii) below;

(ii)    Promptly (but in no event later than 20 Business Days (or such 
longer time as the Administrative Agent shall permit in its reasonable 
discretion)) following the abandonment or termination by a Borrower of any 
Project for which a Project Notice was previously delivered to the 
Administrative Agent, such Borrower shall notify the Administrative Agent 
of the abandonment or termination of such Project and, unless such Borrower 
delivers a new Project Notice with respect to the Real Property subject to 
such Project within such 20 Business Days (or such longer time permitted by 
the Administrative Agent), shall take the actions specified in clause (iii) 
below;

(iii)    To the extent required by the foregoing clauses (i) and (ii), the 
Borrowers shall (w) release or cause any applicable Subsidiary Loan Party 
to release all security interests or mortgages on the Real Property subject 
to such Project securing such Project Financing, (x) grant or cause any 
applicable Subsidiary Loan Party to grant to the Collateral Agent 
Additional Mortgages in any such Owned Real Property of such Loan Party 
subject to such Project as are not covered by the original Mortgages, 
constituting valid and enforceable Liens subject to no other Liens except 
Permitted Liens at the time of recordation thereof, (y) record or file, and 
cause such Subsidiary Loan Party to record or file, the Additional Mortgage 
or instruments related thereto in such manner and in such places as is 
required by law to establish, perfect, preserve and protect the Liens in 
favor of the Collateral Agent required to be granted pursuant to the 
Additional Mortgages and (z) pay, and cause such Subsidiary Loan Party to 
pay, in full, all Taxes, fees and other charges payable in connection 
therewith, in each case subject to Section 5.10(g). Unless otherwise waived 
by the Collateral Agent, with respect to each such Additional Mortgage, the 
applicable Borrower shall deliver to the Collateral Agent contemporaneously 
therewith a title insurance policy and a survey and otherwise comply with 
the Collateral Requirements applicable to Mortgages and Mortgaged Property.

(c)    Release of Liens. Promptly (but in no event later than 20 Business 
Days (or such longer time as the Administrative Agent shall permit in its 
reasonable discretion)) following the final completion of construction (as 
defined in the applicable engineering,
 
146

------------------------------------------------------------------------
procurement and construction contract) of any Project relating to a 
Mortgaged Property (other than with respect to which a Project Notice has 
been delivered), the applicable Borrower shall notify the Administrative 
Agent of the completion of such Project and, to the extent permitted by the 
terms of any such third party mortgage financing Indebtedness (provided 
that to the extent the terms of the applicable mortgage financing 
Indebtedness restrict the taking of such actions, the applicable Borrower 
shall take such actions promptly (but in no event later than 20 Business 
Days (or such longer period as the Administrative Agent shall permit in its 
reasonable discretion)) following the cessation of such restrictions), 
shall and shall cause any applicable Subsidiary Loan Party to release all 
third party mortgage financing Indebtedness for such Project (if any) and 
file and record any and all necessary documents to restore the first 
priority security interest and Lien of the original Mortgage relating to 
the Mortgaged Property that was the subject of the Project and pay, and 
cause such Subsidiary Loan Party to pay, in full, all Taxes, fees and other 
charges payable in connection therewith, in each case subject to Section 
5.10(g). Unless otherwise waived by the Collateral Agent, the applicable 
Borrower shall deliver to the Collateral Agent contemporaneously therewith 
a bring down endorsement to title insurance policy and a survey and 
otherwise comply with the Collateral Requirements applicable to Mortgages 
and Mortgaged Property.

SECTION 5.12.    Rating. Exercise commercially reasonable efforts to 
maintain ratings from each of Moody’s and S&P for the Term B Loans.


ARTICLE VI
Negative Covenants

Each of the Borrowers covenants and agrees with each Lender that, until the 
Termination Date, unless the Required Lenders shall otherwise consent in 
writing, the Borrowers will not, and will not permit any of the 
Subsidiaries to:

SECTION 6.01.    Indebtedness. Incur, create, assume or permit to exist any 
Indebtedness, except:

(a)    (i) Indebtedness existing on the Closing Date (provided that any 
Indebtedness that is in excess of $5.0 million individually or $25.0 
million in the aggregate shall only be permitted under this clause (a)(i) 
to the extent such Indebtedness is set forth on Schedule 6.01) and any 
Permitted Refinancing Indebtedness incurred to Refinance such Indebtedness 
(other than intercompany indebtedness Refinanced with Indebtedness owed to 
a person not affiliated with any Borrower or any Subsidiary) and (ii) 
intercompany Indebtedness existing on the Closing Date; provided that (i) 
all such Indebtedness, if owed to a Loan Party, shall be evidenced by the 
Global Intercompany Note or other promissory note and shall be subject to a 
first priority Lien pursuant to the applicable Security Document and (ii) 
any Indebtedness of a Loan Party to any Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party 
shall be subordinated to the Loan Obligations under this Agreement on 
subordination terms as described in the Global Intercompany Note or on 
other subordination terms reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative 
Agent and the Borrowers;
 
147

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(b)    Indebtedness created hereunder (including pursuant to Section 2.21) 
and under the other Loan Documents and any Permitted Refinancing 
Indebtedness incurred to Refinance such Indebtedness;

(c)    Indebtedness of any Borrower or any Subsidiary pursuant to Swap 
Agreements not entered into for speculative purposes;

(d)    Indebtedness owed to (including obligations in respect of letters of 
credit or bank guarantees or similar instruments for the benefit of) any 
person providing workers’ compensation, health, disability or other 
employee benefits or property, casualty or liability insurance to any 
Borrower or any Subsidiary, pursuant to reimbursement or indemnification 
obligations to such person, in each case in the ordinary course of business 
or consistent with past practice or industry practices;

(e)    Indebtedness of any Borrower to any Subsidiary and of any Subsidiary 
to any Borrower or any other Subsidiary; provided, that (i) all such 
Indebtedness, if owed to a Loan Party, shall be evidenced by the Global 
Intercompany Note or other promissory note and shall be subject to a first 
priority Lien pursuant to the applicable Security Document and (ii) other 
than in the case of intercompany current liabilities incurred in the 
ordinary course of business in connection with the cash management, tax and 
accounting operations of Borrowers and the Subsidiaries, (x) Indebtedness 
of any Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party owing to any Loan Parties shall 
be subject to Section 6.04(b) or (gg) and (y) Indebtedness of any Borrower 
to any Subsidiary and Indebtedness of any Loan Party to any Subsidiary that 
is not a Loan Party (the “Subordinated Intercompany Debt”) shall be 
subordinated to the Loan Obligations under this Agreement on subordination 
terms as described in the Global Intercompany Note or on other 
subordination terms reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and 
the Borrowers;

(f)    Indebtedness in respect of performance bonds, bid bonds, appeal 
bonds, surety bonds and completion guarantees and similar obligations, in 
each case provided in the ordinary course of business or consistent with 
past practice or industry practices, including those incurred to secure 
health, safety and environmental obligations in the ordinary course of 
business or consistent with past practice or industry practices;

(g)    Indebtedness arising from the honoring by a bank or other financial 
institution of a check, draft or similar instrument drawn against 
insufficient funds in the ordinary course of business or other cash 
management services in the ordinary course of business;

(h)    (i) Indebtedness of a Subsidiary acquired after the Closing Date or 
an entity merged into or consolidated with any Borrower or any Subsidiary 
after the Closing Date and Indebtedness otherwise incurred or assumed by 
any Borrower or any Subsidiary in connection with the acquisition of assets 
or Equity Interests (in each case, including a Permitted Business 
Acquisition or in connection with the acquisition of Subsidiaries and 
assets pursuant to the Post-Closing Restructuring Transaction), where such 
acquisition, merger, consolidation or amalgamation is not prohibited by 
this Agreement and (ii) any
 
148

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Permitted Refinancing Indebtedness incurred to Refinance such Indebtedness; 
provided, (A) no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be 
continuing or would result therefrom, (B) immediately after giving effect 
to such acquisition, merger, consolidation or amalgamation, the assumption 
and incurrence of any Indebtedness and any related transactions, the 
Interest Coverage Ratio on a Pro Forma Basis shall be (x) at least 2.00 to 
1.00 or (y) equal to or greater than the Interest Coverage Ratio 
immediately prior to such acquisition, merger, consolidation or 
amalgamation and (C) the aggregate outstanding principal amount of 
Indebtedness incurred by Subsidiaries that are not Loan Parties under this 
clause (h), together with the aggregate outstanding principal amount of 
Indebtedness incurred by Subsidiaries that are not Loan Parties pursuant to 
Sections 6.01(r) and 6.01(s), shall not exceed the greater of $225.0 
million and 3.0% of Consolidated Total Assets as of the end of the fiscal 
quarter immediately prior to the date of such incurrence for which 
financial statements have been delivered pursuant to Section 5.04(a) or 
5.04(b);

(i)    (i) Capital Lease Obligations, mortgage financings and other 
purchase money Indebtedness incurred by any Borrower or any Subsidiary 
prior to or within 270 days after the acquisition, lease, construction, 
repair, replacement or improvement of the respective property (real or 
personal, and whether through the direct purchase of property or the Equity 
Interests of any person owning such property) permitted under this 
Agreement in order to finance such acquisition, lease, construction, 
repair, replacement or improvement, in an aggregate outstanding principal 
amount not to exceed the greater of $350.0 million and 5.0% of Consolidated 
Total Assets as of the end of the fiscal quarter immediately prior to the 
date of such incurrence for which financial statements have been delivered 
pursuant to Section 5.04(a) or 5.04(b), and (ii) any Permitted Refinancing 
Indebtedness in respect thereof;

(j)    Capital Lease Obligations incurred by any Borrower or any Subsidiary 
in respect of any Sale and Lease-Back Transaction that is permitted under 
Section 6.03, and any Permitted Refinancing Indebtedness in respect 
thereof;

(k)    other Indebtedness of any Borrower or any Subsidiary, in an 
aggregate principal amount that at the time of, and immediately after 
giving effect to, the incurrence thereof, would not exceed the greater of 
(x) (i) if the Total Leverage Ratio immediately prior to the incurrence 
thereof is not greater than 6.00 to 1.00, $250.0 million, or (ii) if the 
Total Leverage Ratio immediately prior to the incurrence thereof is greater 
than 6.00 to 1.00, $165.0 million, and (y) 3.5% of Consolidated Total 
Assets as of the end of the fiscal quarter immediately prior to the date of 
such incurrence for which financial statements have been delivered pursuant 
to Section 5.04(a) or 5.04(b), and any Permitted Refinancing Indebtedness 
in respect thereof;

(l)    (i) Indebtedness (x) in respect of the First Priority Senior Secured 
Notes in an aggregate principal amount that is not in excess of $1,000.0 
million and (y) in respect of the Second Priority Senior Secured Notes in 
an aggregate principal amount that is not in excess of $1,150.0 million, 
and (ii) any Permitted Refinancing Indebtedness incurred to Refinance any 
such Indebtedness;
 
149

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(m)    Guarantees (i) by any Borrower or any Subsidiary Loan Party of the 
Indebtedness of any Borrower or any Subsidiary Loan Party permitted to be 
incurred under this Agreement, (ii) by any Loan Party of Indebtedness 
otherwise permitted hereunder of any Subsidiary that is not a Subsidiary 
Loan Party to the extent such Guarantees are permitted by Section 6.04 
(other than Section 6.04(v)), (iii) by any Subsidiary that is not a 
Subsidiary Loan Party of Indebtedness of another Subsidiary that is not a 
Subsidiary Loan Party and (iv) by any Borrower of Indebtedness of 
Subsidiaries that are not Subsidiary Loan Parties incurred for working 
capital purpose in the ordinary course of business on ordinary business 
terms so long as such Indebtedness is permitted to be incurred under 
Section 6.01(s)); provided, that (x) Guarantees by any Loan Party under 
this Section 6.01(m) of any other Indebtedness of a person that is 
subordinated to other Indebtedness of such person shall be subordinated to 
the Loan Obligations to at least the same extent such underlying 
Indebtedness is so subordinated;

(n)    Indebtedness arising from agreements of any Borrower or any 
Subsidiary providing for indemnification, adjustment of purchase or 
acquisition price or similar obligations (including earn outs), in each 
case, incurred or assumed in connection with the Transactions and any 
Permitted Business Acquisition, other Investments or the disposition of any 
business, assets or a Subsidiary not prohibited by this Agreement;

(o)    Indebtedness in respect of letters of credit, bank guarantees, 
warehouse receipts or similar instruments issued to support performance 
obligations and trade letters of credit (other than obligations in respect 
of other Indebtedness) in the ordinary course of business or consistent 
with past practice or industry practice;

(p)    Indebtedness supported by a Letter of Credit, in a principal amount 
not in excess of the stated amount of such Letter of Credit;

(q)    Indebtedness consisting of (i) the financing of insurance premiums 
or (ii) take-or-pay obligations contained in supply arrangements, in each 
case, in the ordinary course of business;

(r)    (i) other Indebtedness so long as (A) no Default or Event of Default 
shall have occurred and be continuing or would result therefrom and (B) 
after giving effect to the issuance, incurrence or assumption of such 
Indebtedness (x) in the case of Indebtedness that is secured by a Lien on 
the Collateral that is pari passu in right of security with the Term B 
Loans or, the Initial Revolving Loans and the First Amendment Revolving 
Loans, the Senior Secured Leverage Ratio on a Pro Forma Basis shall not be 
greater than 4.25 to 1.00, (y) in the case of Indebtedness that is secured 
by a Lien on the Collateral that is junior in right of security to the Term 
B Loans and, the Initial Revolving Loans and the First Amendment Revolving 
Loans, the Total Secured Leverage Ratio on a Pro Forma Basis is not greater 
than 6.00 to 1.00 and (z) in the case of unsecured Indebtedness, the 
Interest Coverage Ratio on a Pro Forma Basis is at least 2.00 to 1.00 and 
(ii) Permitted Refinancing Indebtedness in respect thereof; provided, 
however, that (I) the aggregate outstanding principal amount of 
Indebtedness incurred by Subsidiaries that are not Loan Parties under this 
clause (r), together with the aggregate outstanding principal amount of 
Indebtedness incurred by Subsidiaries that are not Loan
 
150

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Parties pursuant to Sections 6.01(h) and 6.01(s), shall not exceed the 
greater of $225.0 million and 3.0% of Consolidated Total Assets as of the 
end of the fiscal quarter immediately prior to the date of such incurrence 
for which financial statements have been delivered pursuant to Section 
5.04(a) or 5.04(b), (II) the Net Proceeds of any Indebtedness incurred 
pursuant to this Section 6.01(r) at such time shall not be netted for 
purposes of such calculation of the Senior Secured Leverage Ratio and the 
Total Secured Leverage Ratio, as applicable and (III) any Indebtedness 
incurred pursuant to Section 6.01(r)(i)(x) in the form of term loans (other 
than term loans subject to “high yield” style covenants) that is secured by 
a Lien on the Collateral that is pari passu in right of security with the 
Term B Loans shall be subject to the requirements of Section 2.21(b)(viii);

(s)    Indebtedness of Subsidiaries that are not Subsidiary Loan Parties in 
an aggregate outstanding principal amount not to exceed, together with the 
aggregate outstanding principal amount of Indebtedness incurred by 
Subsidiaries that are not Loan Parties pursuant to Sections 6.01(h) and 
6.01(r), the greater of $225.0 million and 3.0% of Consolidated Total 
Assets as of the end of the fiscal quarter immediately prior to the date of 
such incurrence for which financial statements have been delivered pursuant 
to Section 5.04(a) or 5.04(b) and any Permitted Refinancing Indebtedness in 
respect thereof;

(t)    Indebtedness incurred in the ordinary course of business in respect 
of obligations of any Borrower or any Subsidiary to pay the deferred 
purchase price of goods or services or progress payments in connection with 
such goods and services; provided, that such obligations are incurred in 
connection with open accounts extended by suppliers on customary trade 
terms in the ordinary course of business and not in connection with the 
borrowing of money or any Swap Agreements;

(u)    Indebtedness representing deferred compensation to employees, 
consultants or independent contractors of any Borrower (or, to the extent 
such work is done for any Borrower or its Subsidiaries, any direct or 
indirect parent thereof) or any Subsidiary incurred in the ordinary course 
of business;

(v)    Indebtedness in connection with Permitted Receivables Financings;

(w)    Indebtedness of the Borrowers and the Subsidiaries incurred under 
lines of credit or overdraft facilities (including, but not limited to, 
intraday, ACH and purchasing card/T&E services) extended by one or more 
financial institutions reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent or 
by one or more of the Lenders or their Affiliates and (in each case) 
established for any of the Borrowers’ and its Subsidiaries’ ordinary course 
of operations (such Indebtedness, the “Overdraft Line”), which Indebtedness 
may be secured under the Security Documents;

(x)    Indebtedness incurred on behalf of, or representing Guarantees of 
Indebtedness of, joint ventures not in excess, at any one time outstanding, 
of $50.0 million, and any Permitted Refinancing Indebtedness in respect 
thereof;

(y)    [reserved];
 
151

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(z)    (i) any Qualified Non-Recourse Debt and any Project Financing in an 
aggregate outstanding principal amount not to exceed $250.0 million and 
(ii) any Permitted Refinancing Indebtedness in respect thereof;

(aa)    Indebtedness consisting of Indebtedness issued by any Borrower or 
any Subsidiary to current or former officers, directors and employees, 
their respective estates, spouses or former spouses to finance the purchase 
or redemption of Equity Interests of the Company or any Parent Entity 
permitted by Section 6.06;

(bb)    Indebtedness consisting of obligations of any Borrower or any 
Subsidiary under deferred compensation or other similar arrangements 
incurred by such person in connection with the Transactions and Permitted 
Business Acquisitions or any other Investment permitted hereunder;

(cc)    Indebtedness of any Borrower or any Subsidiary to or on behalf of 
any joint venture (regardless of the form of legal entity) that is not a 
Subsidiary arising in the ordinary course of business in connection with 
the cash management operations (including with respect to intercompany 
self-insurance arrangements) of the Borrowers and the Subsidiaries and any 
Permitted Refinancing Indebtedness in respect thereof;

(dd)    Refinancing Notes and any Permitted Refinancing Indebtedness 
incurred in respect thereof;

(ee)    Indebtedness of the Loan Parties that is either unsecured or 
secured by Liens ranking junior to the Liens securing the Obligations or 
secured by a first priority Lien on the Collateral that is pari passu with 
the Lien securing the Obligations and the aggregate outstanding principal 
amount of which does not, at the time of occurrence, exceed the Incremental 
Amount available at such time and any Permitted Refinancing Indebtedness 
incurred to Refinance such Indebtedness; provided that other than in case 
of any First Lien Notes (which shall be subject to the limitations 
contained in the definition of First Lien Notes), (1) the terms of such 
Indebtedness do not provide for any scheduled repayment, mandatory 
redemption or sinking fund obligations prior to the date that is ninety one 
(91) days following the latest Term B Facility Maturity Date in effect on 
the date of incurrence (other than the customary offers to repurchase upon 
a change of control, asset sale or event of loss and customary acceleration 
rights after an event of default), (2) the covenant, events of default, 
guarantees, collateral and other terms of such Indebtedness (other than 
interest rate and redemption premiums) taken as a whole, are not more 
restrictive to the Borrowers and the Subsidiaries than those set forth in 
the First Priority Senior Secured Notes Indenture; provided that a 
certificate of Chief Financial Officer of the Company delivered to 
Administrative Agent in good faith at least three Business Days (or such 
shorter period as the Administrative Agent may reasonably agree) prior to 
the incurrence of such indebtedness, together with a reasonably detailed 
description of the material terms and conditions of such Indebtedness or 
drafts of the documentation relating thereto, stating that the Borrowers 
have determined in good faith that such terms and conditions satisfy the 
foregoing requirement shall be conclusive evidence that such terms and 
conditions satisfy the foregoing requirement and (3) in the case of any 
such Indebtedness, no Subsidiary of a Borrower is a borrower or guarantor 
other than any Subsidiary Loan Party which shall have previously or 
substantially concurrently Guaranteed the Obligations.
 
152

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(ff)    (i) Indebtedness pursuant to First Lien Notes; provided that, the 
aggregate principal amount of Term Loans, Revolving Facility Commitments 
and First Lien Notes outstanding immediately after giving effect to the 
issuance, incurrence or assumption of such Indebtedness and the use of 
proceeds thereof shall not be greater than the sum of (1) the aggregate 
principal amount of Term Loans, Revolving Facility Commitments and First 
Lien Notes outstanding immediately prior to such issuance, incurrence or 
assumption and (2) the Refinancing Amount in connection with such issuance, 
incurrence or assumption and (ii) Permitted Refinancing Indebtedness in 
respect thereof;

(gg)    Obligations in respect of Cash Management Agreements;

(hh)    to the extent constituting Indebtedness, agreements to pay service 
fees to professionals (including architects, engineers and designers) in 
furtherance of and/or in connection with any project, in each case to the 
extent such agreements and related payment provisions are reasonably 
consistent with commonly accepted industry practices (provided that no such 
agreements shall give rise to Indebtedness for borrowed money); and

(ii)    all premium (if any, including tender premiums), expenses, 
defeasance costs, interest (including post-petition interest), fees, 
expenses, charges and additional or contingent interest on obligations 
described in paragraphs (a) through (hh) above.

For purposes of determining compliance with this Section 6.01, the amount 
of any Indebtedness denominated in any currency other than Dollars shall be 
calculated based on customary currency exchange rates in effect, in the 
case of such Indebtedness incurred (in respect of term Indebtedness) or 
committed (in respect of revolving Indebtedness) on or prior to the Closing 
Date, on the Closing Date and, in the case of such Indebtedness incurred 
(in respect of term Indebtedness) or committed (in respect of revolving 
Indebtedness) after the Closing Date, on the date that such Indebtedness 
was incurred (in respect of term Indebtedness) or committed (in respect of 
revolving Indebtedness); provided that if such Indebtedness is incurred to 
refinance other Indebtedness denominated in a currency other than Dollars 
(or in a different currency from the Indebtedness being refinanced), and 
such refinancing would cause the applicable Dollar-denominated restriction 
to be exceeded if calculated at the relevant currency exchange rate in 
effect on the date of such refinancing, such Dollar-denominated restriction 
shall be deemed not to have been exceeded so long as the principal amount 
of such refinancing Indebtedness does not exceed (i) the outstanding or 
committed principal amount, as applicable, of such Indebtedness being 
refinanced plus (ii) the aggregate amount of fees, underwriting discounts, 
premiums (including tender premiums), defeasance costs and other costs and 
expenses incurred in connection with such refinancing.

For purposes of determining compliance with Section 6.01 and the 
calculation of the Incremental Amount, if the use of proceeds from any 
incurrence, issuance or assumption of Indebtedness is to fund the 
Refinancing of any Indebtedness, then such Refinancing shall be deemed to 
have occurred substantially simultaneously with such incurrence, issuance 
or
 
153

------------------------------------------------------------------------
assumption so long as (1) such Refinancing occurs on the same Business Day 
as such incurrence, issuance or assumption, (2) if such proceeds will be 
offered (through a tender offer or otherwise) to the holders of such 
Indebtedness to be Refinanced, the proceeds thereof are deposited with a 
trustee, agent or other representative for such holders pending the 
completion of such offer on the same Business Day as such incurrence, 
issuance or assumption (and such proceeds are ultimately used in the 
consummation of such offer or otherwise used to Refinance Indebtedness), 
(3) if such proceeds will be used to fund the redemption, discharge or 
defeasance of such Indebtedness to be Refinanced, the proceeds thereof are 
deposited with a trustee, agent or other representative for such 
Indebtedness pending such redemption, discharge or defeasance on the same 
Business Day as such incurrence, issuance or assumption or (4) the proceeds 
thereof are otherwise set aside to fund such Refinancing pursuant to 
procedures reasonably agreed with the Administrative Agent.

Further, for purposes of determining compliance with this Section 6.01, (A) 
Indebtedness need not be permitted solely by reference to one category of 
permitted Indebtedness described in Sections 6.01(a) through (ii) but may 
be permitted in part under any combination thereof and (B) in the event 
that an item of Indebtedness (or any portion thereof) meets the criteria of 
one or more of the categories of permitted Indebtedness described in 
Sections 6.01(a) through (ii), any Borrower shall, in its sole discretion, 
classify or reclassify, or later divide, classify or reclassify, such item 
of Indebtedness (or any portion thereof) in any manner that complies with 
this Section 6.01 and will only be required to include the amount and type 
of such item of Indebtedness (or any portion thereof) in one of the above 
clauses and such item of Indebtedness (or any portion thereof) shall be 
treated as having been incurred or existing pursuant to only one of such 
clauses, provided, that all Indebtedness under this Agreement outstanding 
on the Closing Date shall at all times be deemed to have been incurred 
pursuant to clause (b) of this Section 6.01 and may not be reclassified. In 
addition, with respect to any Indebtedness that was permitted to be 
incurred hereunder on the date of such incurrence, any Increased Amount of 
such Indebtedness shall also be permitted hereunder after the date of such 
incurrence.

SECTION 6.02.    Liens. Create, incur, assume or permit to exist any Lien 
on any property or assets (including stock or other securities of any 
person, including any Subsidiary) at the time owned by it or on any income 
or revenues or rights in respect of any thereof, except the following 
(collectively, “Permitted Liens”):

(a)    Liens on property or assets of the Borrowers and the Subsidiaries 
existing on the Closing Date (or created following the Closing Date 
pursuant to agreements in existence on the Closing Date requiring the 
creation of such Liens) and, to the extent securing Indebtedness in an 
aggregate principal amount in excess of $5.0 million individually or $25.0 
million in the aggregate shall only be permitted under this paragraph (a) 
to the extent such Lien is set forth on Schedule 6.02(a)), and any 
modifications, replacements, renewals or extensions thereof; provided, that 
such Liens shall secure only those obligations that they secure on the 
Closing Date (and any Permitted Refinancing Indebtedness in respect of such 
obligations permitted by Section 6.01(a)) and shall not subsequently apply 
to any other property or assets of any Borrower or any Subsidiary other 
than (A) after-acquired property that is affixed or incorporated into the 
property covered by such Lien, and (B) proceeds and products thereof;
 
154

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(b)    any Lien created under the Loan Documents (including, without 
limitation, Liens created under the Security Documents securing obligations 
in respect of Secured Swap Agreements, Secured Cash Management Agreements, 
any First Lien Notes (which are intended to be secured by Liens on the 
Collateral that are pari passu with Liens on the Collateral securing the 
Obligations) and the Overdraft Line secured pursuant to the Security 
Documents) or permitted in respect of any Mortgaged Property by the terms 
of the applicable Mortgage; provided that in the case of any such First 
Lien Notes, (A) the holders of such Indebtedness (or a representative 
thereof on behalf of such holders) shall have delivered to the Collateral 
Agent an Other First Lien Secured Party Consent (as defined in the 
Collateral Agreement) and (B) the Borrowers shall have complied with the 
other requirements of Section 7.23 of the Collateral Agreement with respect 
to such First Lien Notes;

(c)    any Lien on any property or asset of any Borrower or any Subsidiary 
securing Indebtedness or Permitted Refinancing Indebtedness permitted by 
Section 6.01(h); provided, that such Lien (i) does not apply to any other 
property or assets of any Borrower or any of the Subsidiaries not securing 
such Indebtedness at the date of the acquisition of such property or asset 
and accessions and additions thereto and proceeds and products thereof 
(other than after acquired property required to be subjected to a Lien 
pursuant to the terms of such Indebtedness (and refinancings thereof) and 
other obligations incurred prior to such date and which Indebtedness and 
other obligations are permitted hereunder and require a pledge of after 
acquired property, it being understood that such requirement shall not be 
permitted to apply to any property to which such requirement would not have 
applied but for such acquisition) and (ii) such Lien is not created in 
contemplation of or in connection with such acquisition;

(d)    Liens for Taxes, assessments or other governmental charges or levies 
not yet delinquent or that are being contested in compliance with Section 
5.03;

(e)    Liens imposed by law, including landlord’s, carriers’, 
warehousemen’s, mechanics’, materialmen’s, repairmen’s, supplier’s, 
construction or other like Liens, securing obligations that are not overdue 
by more than 30 days or that are being contested in good faith by 
appropriate proceedings and in respect of which, if applicable, any 
Borrower or any Subsidiary shall have set aside on its books reserves in 
accordance with GAAP;

(f)    (i) pledges and deposits and other Liens made in the ordinary course 
of business in compliance with the Federal Employers Liability Act or any 
other workers’ compensation, unemployment insurance and other social 
security laws or regulations and deposits securing liability to insurance 
carriers under insurance or self-insurance arrangements in respect of such 
obligations and (ii) pledges and deposits and other Liens securing 
liability for reimbursement or indemnification obligations of (including 
obligations in respect of letters of credit or bank guarantees for the 
benefit of) insurance carriers providing property, casualty or liability 
insurance to any Borrower or any Subsidiary;
 
155

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(g)    deposits and other Liens to secure the performance of bids, trade 
contracts (other than for Indebtedness), leases (other than Capital Lease 
Obligations), statutory obligations, surety and appeal bonds, performance 
and return of money bonds, bids, leases, government contracts, trade 
contracts, agreements with utilities, and other obligations of a like 
nature (including letters of credit in lieu of any such bonds or to support 
the issuance thereof) incurred in the ordinary course of business, 
including those incurred to secure health, safety and environmental 
obligations in the ordinary course of business;

(h)    zoning restrictions, survey exceptions and such matters as an 
accurate survey would disclose, easements, trackage rights, leases (other 
than Capital Lease Obligations), licenses, special assessments, 
rights-of-way, covenants, conditions, restrictions and declarations on or 
with respect to the use of Real Property, servicing agreements, development 
agreements, site plan agreements and other similar encumbrances incurred in 
the ordinary course of business and title defects or irregularities that 
are of a minor nature and that, in the aggregate, do not interfere in any 
material respect with the ordinary conduct of the business of any Borrower 
or any Subsidiary;

(i)    Liens securing Indebtedness and Permitted Refinancing Indebtedness 
permitted by Sections 6.01(i) and 6.01(z) (in each case limited to the 
assets financed with such Indebtedness (or the Indebtedness Refinanced 
thereby) and any accessions and additions thereto and the proceeds and 
products thereof and customary security deposits and related property; 
provided that individual financings provided by one lender may be 
cross-collateralized to other financings provided by such lender and 
incurred under Section 6.01(i) or (z));

(j)    Liens arising out of capitalized lease transactions permitted under 
Section 6.03, so long as such Liens attach only to the property sold and 
being leased in such transaction and any accessions and additions thereto 
or proceeds and products thereof and related property;

(k)    Liens securing judgments that do not constitute an Event of Default 
under Section 7.01(j);

(l)    Liens disclosed by the title insurance policies delivered on or 
subsequent to the Closing Date and pursuant to Section 5.10 and any 
replacement, extension or renewal of any such Lien; provided, that such 
replacement, extension or renewal Lien shall not cover any property other 
than the property that was subject to such Lien prior to such replacement, 
extension or renewal; provided, further, that the Indebtedness and other 
obligations secured by such replacement, extension or renewal Lien are 
permitted by this Agreement;

(m)    any interest or title of a lessor or sublessor under any leases or 
subleases entered into by any Borrower or any Subsidiary in the ordinary 
course of business;
 
156

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(n)    Liens that are contractual rights of set-off (i) relating to the 
establishment of depository relations with banks and other financial 
institutions not given in connection with the issuance of Indebtedness, 
(ii) relating to pooled deposits, sweep accounts, reserve accounts or 
similar accounts of any Borrower or any Subsidiary to permit satisfaction 
of overdraft or similar obligations incurred in the ordinary course of 
business of any Borrower or any Subsidiary, including with respect to 
credit card chargebacks and similar obligations or (iii) relating to 
purchase orders and other agreements entered into with customers, suppliers 
or service providers of any Borrower or any Subsidiary in the ordinary 
course of business;

(o)    Liens (i) arising solely by virtue of any statutory or common law 
provision relating to banker’s liens, rights of set-off or similar rights, 
(ii) attaching to commodity trading accounts or other commodity brokerage 
accounts incurred in the ordinary course of business or (iii) encumbering 
reasonable customary initial deposits and margin deposits and similar Liens 
attaching to brokerage accounts incurred in the ordinary course of business 
and not for speculative purposes;

(p)    Liens securing obligations in respect of trade-related letters of 
credit, bank guarantees or similar obligations permitted under Section 
6.01(f) or (o) and covering the property (or the documents of title in 
respect of such property) financed by such letters of credit, bank 
guarantees or similar obligations and the proceeds and products thereof;

(q)    leases or subleases, licenses or sublicenses (including with respect 
to intellectual property and software) granted to others in the ordinary 
course of business not interfering in any material respect with the 
business of the Borrowers and the Subsidiaries, taken as a whole;

(r)    Liens in favor of customs and revenue authorities arising as a 
matter of law to secure payment of customs duties in connection with the 
importation of goods;

(s)    Liens solely on any cash earnest money deposits made by any Borrower 
or any of the Subsidiaries in connection with any letter of intent or 
purchase agreement in respect of any Investment permitted hereunder;

(t)    Liens with respect to property or assets of any Subsidiary that is 
not a Loan Party securing Indebtedness of a Subsidiary that is not a Loan 
Party permitted under Section 6.01;

(u)    other Liens with respect to property or assets of any Borrower or 
any Subsidiary; provided that (i) after giving effect to any such Lien and 
the incurrence of Indebtedness, if any, secured by such Lien is created, 
incurred, acquired or assumed (or any prior Indebtedness becomes so 
secured) (x) in the case of a Lien on the Collateral that is pari passu in 
right of security with the Term B Loans or, the Initial Revolving Loans and 
the First Amendment Revolving Loans, the Senior Secured Leverage Ratio on a 
Pro Forma Basis shall not be greater than 4.25 to 1.00 and (y) in the case 
of a Lien on the Collateral that is junior in right of security to the Term 
B Loans and, the Initial Revolving Loans and the First Amendment Revolving 
Loans, the Total Secured
 
157

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Leverage Ratio on a Pro Forma Basis shall not be greater than 6.00 to 1.00, 
(ii) at the time of the incurrence of such Lien and after giving effect 
thereto, no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be 
continuing or would result therefrom, (iii) the Indebtedness or other 
obligations secured by such Lien are otherwise permitted by this Agreement, 
(iv) if such Liens are (or are intended to be) secured by Liens on the 
Collateral that are pari passu with the Liens securing the Loan 
Obligations, such Liens shall be subject to a Permitted Pari Passu 
Intercreditor Agreement and (v) if such Liens are (or are intended to be) 
secured by Liens on the Collateral that are junior in priority to the Liens 
securing the Loan Obligations, such Liens shall be subject to a Permitted 
Junior Intercreditor Agreement;

(v)    Liens on any amounts held by a trustee under any indenture or other 
debt agreement issued in escrow pursuant to customary escrow arrangements 
pending the release thereof, or under any indenture or other debt agreement 
pursuant to customary discharge, redemption or defeasance provisions;

(w)    the prior rights of consignees and their lenders under consignment 
arrangements entered into in the ordinary course of business;

(x)    agreements to subordinate any interest of any Borrower or any 
Subsidiary in any accounts receivable or other proceeds arising from 
inventory consigned by any Borrower or any of their Subsidiaries pursuant 
to an agreement entered into in the ordinary course of business;

(y)    Liens arising from precautionary Uniform Commercial Code financing 
statements or consignments entered into in connection with any transaction 
otherwise permitted under this Agreement;

(z)    Liens on Equity Interests in joint ventures (i) securing obligations 
of such joint ventures or (ii) pursuant to the relevant joint venture 
agreement or arrangement;

(aa)    Liens on securities that are the subject of repurchase agreements 
constituting Permitted Investments under clause (c) of the definition 
thereof;

(bb)    Liens in respect of Permitted Receivables Financings that extend 
only to the receivables subject thereto;

(cc)    Liens on goods or inventory the purchase, shipment or storage price 
of which is financed by a documentary letter of credit, bank guarantee or 
bankers’ acceptance issued or created for the account of any Borrower or 
any Subsidiary in the ordinary course of business; provided that such Lien 
secures only the obligations of any Borrower or such Subsidiaries in 
respect of such letter of credit, bank guarantee or banker’s acceptance to 
the extent permitted under Section 6.01;

(dd)    in the case of Real Property that constitutes a leasehold interest, 
any Lien to which the fee simple interest (or any superior leasehold 
interest) is subject;
 
158

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(ee)    Liens securing Indebtedness or other obligation (i) of a Borrower 
or a Subsidiary in favor of a Borrower or any Subsidiary Loan Party, (ii) 
of any Subsidiary that is not Loan Party in favor of any Subsidiary that is 
not a Loan Party and (iii) permitted under Section 6.01(x);

(ff)    Liens securing insurance premiums financing arrangements, provided
, that such Liens are limited to the applicable unearned insurance 
premiums;

(gg)    Liens securing Swap Agreements that were not entered into for 
speculative purposes;

(hh)    other Liens with respect to property or assets of any Borrower or 
any Subsidiary securing obligations in an aggregate principal amount 
outstanding at any time not to exceed $35.0 million;

(ii)    any amounts held by a trustee in the funds and accounts under an 
indenture securing any revenue bonds issued for the benefit of any Borrower 
or any Subsidiary;

(jj)    Liens securing (x) First Lien Notes, provided that if the Liens on 
the Collateral securing such First Lien Notes are (or are intended to be) 
junior in priority to the Liens on the Collateral securing the Obligations, 
such Liens shall be subject to a Permitted Junior Intercreditor Agreement 
and (y) Indebtedness permitted by Sections 6.01(dd) and (ee); provided 
that, (i) if such Liens are (or are intended to be) secured by Liens on the 
Collateral that are pari passu with the Liens securing the Loan 
Obligations, such Liens shall be subject to a Permitted Pari Passu 
Intercreditor Agreement and (ii) if such Liens are (or are intended to be) 
secured by Liens on the Collateral that are junior in priority to the Liens 
securing the Loan Obligations, such Liens shall be subject to a Permitted 
Junior Intercreditor Agreement;

(kk)    Liens on cash and Permitted Investments on deposit with Lenders and 
Affiliates of Lenders securing obligations owing to such Persons under any 
treasury, depository, overdraft or other cash management services 
agreements or arrangements with any Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries;

(ll)    Second Priority Liens on Collateral securing Indebtedness permitted 
under Section 6.01;

(mm)    the Venue Easements and any other easements, covenants, rights of 
way or similar instruments which do not materially impact a project in an 
adverse manner granted in connection with arrangements contemplated under 
Section 6.05(o) or (p);

(nn)    the filing of a reversion, subdivision or final map(s), record(s) 
of survey and/or amendments to any of the foregoing over Real Property held 
by the Loan Parties designed (A) to merge one or more of the separate 
parcels thereof together so long as (i) the entirety of each such parcel 
shall be owned by Loan Parties, (ii) no portion of the Mortgaged Property 
is merged with any Real Property that is not part of the Mortgaged Property 
and (iii) the gross acreage and footprint of the Mortgaged Property remains
 
159

------------------------------------------------------------------------
unaffected in any material respect or (B) to separate one or more of the 
parcels thereof together so long as (i) the entirety of each resulting 
parcel shall be owned by Loan Parties, (ii) no portion of the Mortgaged 
Property ceases to be subject to a Mortgage and (iii) the gross acreage and 
footprint of the Mortgaged Property remains unaffected in any material 
respect;

(oo)    from and after the lease or sublease of any interest pursuant to 
Section 6.05(o) or (p), any reciprocal easement agreement entered into 
between a Loan Party and the holder of such interest;

(pp)    Liens to secure any refinancing, refunding, extension, renewal or 
replacement (or successive refinancings, refundings, extensions, renewals 
or replacements) as a whole, or in part, of any Indebtedness secured by any 
Lien permitted by the foregoing clauses; provided, however, that (x) such 
new Lien shall be limited to all or part of the same type of property that 
secured the original Lien (plus improvements on and accessions to such 
property, proceeds and products thereof, customary security deposits and 
any other assets pursuant to after-acquired property clauses to the extent 
such assets secured (or would have secured) the Indebtedness being 
Refinanced), (y) the Indebtedness secured by such Lien at such time is not 
increased to any amount greater than the sum of (A) the outstanding 
principal amount (or accreted value, if applicable) of such Indebtedness 
or, if greater, committed amount of the applicable Indebtedness at the time 
the original Lien became a Lien permitted hereunder and (B) any unpaid 
accrued interest and premium (including tender premiums) thereon and an 
amount necessary to pay associated underwriting discounts, defeasance 
costs, fees, commissions and expenses related to such refinancing, 
refunding, extension, renewal or replacement, and (z) Indebtedness secured 
by Liens ranking junior to the Liens securing the Obligations may not be 
refinanced pursuant to this clause (pp) with Liens ranking pari passu to 
the Liens securing the Obligations; and

(qq)    Liens securing Indebtedness permitted to be incurred pursuant to 
Sections 6.01(h) and (k); provided that in the case of Section 6.01(h), 
such Liens securing the Indebtedness incurred pursuant to Section 6.01(h) 
shall only be permitted under this clause (qq) if, on a Pro Forma Basis, 
the Senior Secured Leverage Ratio would be no greater than immediately 
prior to such incurrence.

For purposes of determining compliance with this Section 6.02, (A) a Lien 
securing an item of Indebtedness need not be permitted solely by reference 
to one category of permitted Liens described in Sections 6.02(a) through 
(qq) but may be permitted in part under any combination thereof and (B) in 
the event that a Lien securing an item of Indebtedness (or any portion 
thereof) meets the criteria of one or more of the categories of permitted 
Liens described in Sections 6.02(a) through (qq), any Borrower shall, in 
its sole discretion, classify or reclassify, or later divide, classify or 
reclassify, such Lien securing such item of Indebtedness (or any portion 
thereof) in any manner that complies with this covenant and will only be 
required to include the amount and type of such Lien or such item of 
Indebtedness (or any portion thereof) secured by such Lien in one of the 
above clauses and such Lien securing such item of Indebtedness (or any 
portion thereof) will be treated as being incurred or existing pursuant to 
only one of such clauses. In addition, with respect to any Lien securing 
Indebtedness that was permitted to secure such Indebtedness at the time of 
the incurrence of such Indebtedness, such Lien shall also be permitted to 
secure any Increased Amount of such Indebtedness.
 
160

------------------------------------------------------------------------
SECTION 6.03.    Sale and Lease-Back Transactions. Enter into any 
arrangement, directly or indirectly, with any person whereby it shall sell 
or transfer any property, real or personal, used or useful in its business, 
whether now owned or hereafter acquired, and thereafter rent or lease such 
property or other property that it intends to use for substantially the 
same purpose or purposes as the property being sold or transferred (a “
Sale and Lease-Back Transaction”); provided that a Sale and Lease-Back 
Transaction shall be permitted (a) with respect to (i) Excluded Property, 
(ii) property owned by any Borrower or any Domestic Subsidiary that is 
acquired after the Closing Date so long as such Sale and Lease-Back 
Transaction is consummated within 270 days of the acquisition of such 
property or (iii) property owned by any Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party 
regardless of when such property was acquired, (b) with respect to any 
other property owned by any Borrower or any Domestic Subsidiary, (i) if at 
the time the lease in connection therewith is entered into, (A) no Default 
or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing or would result 
therefrom and (B) with respect to any such Sale and Lease-Back Transaction 
with Net Proceeds in excess of $5.0 million, after giving effect to the 
entering into of such lease, the Borrowers shall be in Pro Forma Compliance 
and (ii) if such Sale and Lease-Back Transaction is of property owned by 
any Borrower or any Domestic Subsidiary as of the Closing Date, the Net 
Proceeds therefrom are used to prepay the Term Loans to the extent required 
by Section 2.11(b), and (c) in connection with any Project Financing and 
(d) with respect to (i) the Real Property commonly referred to as the 
Harrah’s Laughlin and (ii) the Real Property commonly referred to as the 
Harrah’s Atlantic City, in each case, so long as the Net Proceeds therefrom 
are used to prepay the Term Loans to the extent required by Section 2.11(b)
; provided, further, that the applicable Borrower or the applicable 
Domestic Subsidiary shall receive at least fair market value (as determined 
by suchthe applicable Borrower in good faith) for any property disposed of 
in any Sale and Lease-Back Transaction pursuant to clause (a)(ii) or (b) of 
this Section 6.03 (as approved by the Board of Directors of the Company in 
any case of any property with a fair market value in excess of $25.0 
million).

SECTION 6.04.    Investments, Loans and Advances. Purchase, hold or acquire 
(including pursuant to any merger, consolidation or amalgamation with a 
person that is not a Wholly-Owned Subsidiary immediately prior to such 
merger, consolidation or amalgamation) any Equity Interests, evidences of 
Indebtedness or other securities of, make or permit to exist any loans or 
advances to or Guarantees of Indebtedness of, or make or permit to exist 
any investment or any other interest in (each, an “Investment”), any other 
person, except:

(a)    the Transactions;

(b)    (i) Investments by any Borrower or any Subsidiary in the Equity 
Interests of any Borrower or any Subsidiary; (ii) intercompany loans from 
any Borrower or any Subsidiary to any Borrower or any Subsidiary; and (iii) 
Guarantees by any Borrower or any Subsidiary of Indebtedness otherwise 
permitted hereunder of any Borrower or any Subsidiary; provided, that (A) 
Investments made after the Closing Date by any Loan Party pursuant to 
clause (i) in Subsidiaries that are not Loan Parties, and (B) intercompany 
loans made after the Closing Date by any Loan Party to Subsidiaries that
 
161

------------------------------------------------------------------------
are not Loan Parties pursuant to clause (ii) and (C) Guarantees after the 
Closing Date by any Loan Party of Indebtedness of Subsidiaries that are not 
Loan Parties pursuant to clause (iii), shall not exceed the sum of (x) in 
the aggregate, together with all Investments in Subsidiaries that are not 
Loan Parties outstanding pursuant to Sections 6.04(k) and (v), the greater 
of $150.0 million and 2.00% of Consolidated Total Assets as of the end of 
the fiscal quarter immediately prior to the date of such loan or advance 
for which financial statements have been delivered pursuant to Section 
5.04(a) or Section 5.04(b) plus (y) an amount equal to any returns 
(including dividends, interest, distributions, returns of principal, 
profits on sale, repayments, income and similar amounts) actually received 
in respect of any such Investment;

(c)    Permitted Investments and Investments that were Permitted 
Investments when made;

(d)    Investments arising out of the receipt by any Borrower or any 
Subsidiary of noncash consideration for the sale of assets permitted under 
Section 6.05 (other than Section 6.05(h));

(e)    loans and advances to officers, directors, employees or consultants 
of any Borrower or any Subsidiary (i) in the ordinary course of business 
not to exceed $10.0 million in the aggregate at any time outstanding 
(calculated without regard to write downs or write offs thereof), (ii) in 
respect of payroll payments and expenses in the ordinary course of business 
and (iii) in connection with such person’s purchase of Equity Interests of 
the Company or any Parent Entity solely to the extent that the amount of 
such loans and advances shall be contributed to the Company in cash as 
common equity;

(f)    accounts receivable, security deposits and prepayments arising and 
trade credit granted in the ordinary course of business and any assets or 
securities received in satisfaction or partial satisfaction thereof from 
financially troubled account debtors to the extent reasonably necessary in 
order to prevent or limit loss and any prepayments and other credits to 
suppliers made in the ordinary course of business;

(g)    Swap Agreements that are not entered into for speculative purposes;

(h)    Investments existing on, or contractually committed as of, the 
Closing Date consisting of intercompany loans or as set forth on Schedule 
6.04 and any extensions, renewals or reinvestments thereof, so long as the 
aggregate amount of all Investments pursuant to this clause (h) is not 
increased at any time above the amount of such Investment existing or 
committed on the Closing Date (other than pursuant to an increase as 
required by the terms of any such Investment as in existence on the Closing 
Date);

(i)    Investments resulting from pledges and deposits under Sections 
6.02(f), (g), (k), (r), (s), (u) and (gg);

(j)    other Investments by any Borrower or any Subsidiary in an aggregate 
amount (valued at the time of the making thereof, and without giving effect 
to any write-downs or write-offs thereof) not to exceed (i) the greater of 
$250.0 million and 3.25% of
 
162

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Consolidated Total Assets as of the end of the fiscal quarter immediately 
prior to the date of such Investment for which financial statements have 
been delivered pursuant to Section 5.04 (plus any returns of capital 
(including dividends, interest, distributions, returns of principal, 
profits on sale, repayments, income and similar amounts) actually received 
by the respective investor in respect of investments theretofore made by it 
pursuant to this clause (j)) plus (ii) the portion, if any, of the 
Cumulative Credit on the date of such election that the Company elects to 
apply to this Section 6.04(j)(ii), such election to be specified in a 
written notice of a Responsible Officer of the Company calculating in 
reasonable detail the amount of Cumulative Credit immediately prior to such 
election and the amount thereof elected to be so applied; provided that if 
any Investment pursuant to this clause (j) is made in any person that is 
not a Subsidiary of a Borrower at the date of the making of such Investment 
and such person becomes a Subsidiary of a Borrower after such date, such 
Investment shall, upon the election of the Company, thereafter be deemed to 
have been made pursuant to clause (b) above and shall cease to have been 
made pursuant to this clause (j) for so long as such person continues to be 
a Subsidiary of a Borrower;

(k)    Investments constituting Permitted Business Acquisitions;

(l)    Investments in a Similar Business in an aggregate amount (valued at 
the time of the making thereof, and without giving effect to any write 
downs or write offs thereof) not to exceed the greater of $100.0 million 
and 1.5% of Consolidated Total Assets as of the end of the fiscal quarter 
immediately prior to the date of such Investment for which financial 
statements have been delivered pursuant to Section 5.04 (plus any returns 
(including dividends, interest, distributions, returns of principal, 
profits on sale, repayments, income and similar amounts) actually received 
by the respective investor in respect of investments theretofore made by it 
pursuant to this clause (l)); provided that if any Investment pursuant to 
this this clause (l) is made in any person that is not a Subsidiary of a 
Borrower at the date of the making of such Investment and such person 
becomes a Subsidiary of a Borrower after such date, such Investment shall, 
upon the election of the Company, thereafter be deemed to have been made 
pursuant to clause (b) above and shall cease to have been made pursuant to 
this clause (l) for so long as such person continues to be a Subsidiary of 
a Borrower;

(m)    Investments received in connection with the bankruptcy or 
reorganization of, or settlement of delinquent accounts and disputes with 
or judgments against, customers and suppliers, in each case in the ordinary 
course of business or Investments acquired by a Borrower as a result of a 
foreclosure by any Borrower or any of the Subsidiaries with respect to any 
secured Investments or other transfer of title with respect to any secured 
Investment in default;

(n)    Investments of a Subsidiary acquired after the Closing Date or of an 
entity merged into any Borrower or merged into or consolidated with a 
Subsidiary after the Closing Date, in each case, (i) to the extent such 
acquisition, merger or consolidation was or is permitted under this Section 
6.04 or Section 6.05 and (ii) to the extent that such Investments were not 
made in contemplation of or in connection with such acquisition, merger, 
consolidation or amalgamation and were in existence on the date of such 
acquisition, merger, consolidation or amalgamation;
 
163

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(o)    acquisitions by any Borrower of obligations of one or more officers 
or other employees of any Parent Entity, any Borrower or its Subsidiaries 
in connection with such officer’s or employee’s acquisition of Equity 
Interests of the Company or any Parent Entity, so long as no cash is 
actually advanced by any Borrower or any of the Subsidiaries to such 
officers or employees in connection with the acquisition of any such 
obligations;

(p)    Guarantees by any Borrower or any Subsidiary of operating leases 
(other than Capital Lease Obligations) or of other obligations that do not 
constitute Indebtedness, in each case entered into by any Borrower or any 
Subsidiary in the ordinary course of business;

(q)    Investments to the extent that payment for such Investments is made 
with Qualified Equity Interests of the Company or any Parent Entity;

(r)    [reserved];

(s)    Investments in Unrestricted Subsidiaries in an aggregate amount 
outstanding not to exceed the greater of $50.0 million and 1.0% of 
Consolidated Total Assets as of the end of the fiscal quarter immediately 
prior to the date of such loan or advance for which financial statements 
have been delivered pursuant to Section 5.04(a) or Section 5.04(b) (plus 
any returns (including dividends, interest, distributions, returns of 
principal, profits on sale, repayments, income and similar amounts) 
actually received by the respective investor in respect of investments 
theretofore made by it pursuant to this clause (s)), as valued at the fair 
market value (as determined in good faith by the applicable Borrower) of 
such Investment at the time such Investment is made; provided that if any 
Investment pursuant to this clause (s) is made in any Unrestricted 
Subsidiary and such Unrestricted Subsidiary is redesignated a Subsidiary of 
any Borrower after such date, such redesignation shall increase the amount 
available pursuant to this clause (s) by an amount equal to the fair market 
value (as determined in good faith by the applicable Borrower) of such 
Borrower’s Investments in such Subsidiary previously made in reliance on 
this clause (s) at the time of such redesignation;

(t)    Investments consisting of Restricted Payments permitted by Section 
6.06;

(u)    Investments in the ordinary course of business consisting of Uniform 
Commercial Code Article 3 endorsements for collection or deposit and 
Uniform Commercial Code Article 4 customary trade arrangements with 
customers consistent with past practices;

(v)    Investments in Subsidiaries that are not Loan Parties not to exceed, 
in the aggregate, together with all Investments in Subsidiaries that are 
not Loan Parties outstanding pursuant to Sections 6.04(b) and (k), the 
greater of $150.0 million and 2.00% of Consolidated Total Assets as of the 
end of the fiscal quarter immediately prior to the date of such loan or 
advance for which financial statements have been delivered pursuant
 
164

------------------------------------------------------------------------
to Section 5.04(a) or Section 5.04(b) (plus an amount equal to any return 
of capital actually received in respect of Investments theretofore made 
pursuant to this clause (v)), as valued at the fair market value (as 
determined in good faith by the Borrowers) of such Investment at the time 
such Investment is made;

(w)    Guarantees permitted under Section 6.01 (except to the extent such 
Guarantee is expressly subject to Section 6.04);

(x)    advances in the form of a prepayment of expenses, so long as such 
expenses are being paid in accordance with customary trade terms of any 
Borrower or any Subsidiary;

(y)    Investments by any Borrower and its Subsidiaries, including loans 
and advances to any direct or indirect parent of any Borrower, if such 
Borrower or any other Subsidiary would otherwise be permitted to make a 
Restricted Payment in such amount (provided that the amount of any such 
Investment shall also be deemed to be a Restricted Payment under the 
appropriate paragraph of Section 6.06 for all purposes of this Agreement);

(z)    Investments consisting of Receivables Assets or arising as a result 
of Permitted Receivables Financings;

(aa)    Investments consisting of the licensing or contribution of 
intellectual property pursuant to joint marketing or other arrangements 
with other persons;

(bb)    Investments consisting of or to finance purchases and acquisitions 
of inventory, supplies, materials, services or equipment or purchases of 
contract rights or purchases, sales, licenses or sublicenses (including in 
respect of gaming licenses) or leases of intellectual property;

(cc)    Investments received substantially contemporaneously in exchange 
for Qualified Equity Interests of the Company or any Parent Entity; 
provided that such Investments are not included in any determination of the 
Cumulative Credit;

(dd)    [reserved];

(ee)    any Investment (i) made pursuant to an Operations Management 
Agreement and (ii) in connection with the Post-Closing Restructuring 
Transaction;

(ff)    Investments in joint ventures not in excess of (x) the greater of 
$100.0 million and 1.50% of Consolidated Total Assets as of the end of the 
fiscal quarter immediately prior to the date of such loan or advance for 
which financial statements have been delivered pursuant to Section 5.04(a) 
or Section 5.04(b) plus (y) an aggregate amount equal to any returns 
(including dividends, interest, distributions, returns of principal, 
profits on sale, repayments, income and similar amounts) actually received 
by the respective investor in respect of investments theretofore made by it 
pursuant to this clause (ff); provided that if any Investment pursuant to 
this clause (ff) is made in any person that is not a Subsidiary of a 
Borrower at the date of the making of such Investment
 
165

------------------------------------------------------------------------
and such person becomes a Subsidiary of a Borrower after such date, such 
Investment shall, upon the election of the Company, thereafter be deemed to 
have been made pursuant to paragraph (b) above and shall cease to have been 
made pursuant to this clause (ff) for so long as such person continues to 
be a Subsidiary of a Borrower;

(gg)    any Investment (i) deemed to exist as a result of a Subsidiary that 
is not a Loan Party distributing a note or other intercompany debt to a 
parent of such Subsidiary that is a Loan Party (to the extent there is no 
cash consideration or services rendered for such note), (ii) consisting of 
intercompany current liabilities in connection with the cash management, 
tax and accounting operations of the Borrowers and the Subsidiaries and 
(iii) consisting of intercompany loans, advances or Indebtedness having a 
term not exceeding 364 days (inclusive of any roll-overs or extensions of 
terms) and made in the ordinary course of business; and

(hh)    Investments in joint ventures established to develop or operate 
nightclubs, bars, restaurants, recreation, exercise or gym facilities, or 
entertainment or retail venues or similar or related establishments or 
facilities within any project not to exceed at any one time in the 
aggregate the greater of $50.0 million and 1.0% of Consolidated Total 
Assets as of the end of the fiscal quarter immediately prior to the date of 
such Investment for which financial statements have been delivered pursuant 
to Section 5.04(a) or 5.04(b), which Investments may be made pursuant to 
(or in lieu of) dispositions in the manner contemplated under Sections 
6.05(p) or (q) or received in consideration for dispositions under Sections 
6.05(p) or (q).

Any Investment in any person other than a Loan Party that is otherwise 
permitted by this Section 6.04 may be made through intermediate Investments 
in Subsidiaries that are not Loan Parties and such intermediate Investments 
shall be disregarded for purposes of determining the outstanding amount of 
Investments pursuant to any clause set forth above. The amount of any 
Investment made other than in the form of cash or cash equivalents shall be 
the fair market value thereof (as determined by the Borrowers in good 
faith) valued at the time of the making thereof, and without giving effect 
to any subsequent write-downs or write-offs thereof.

The amount of Investments that may be made at any time pursuant to Section 
6.04(b), 6.04(j) or 6.04(l) (such Sections, the “Related Sections”) may, at 
the election of the Borrower, be increased by the amount of Investments 
that could be made at such time under the other Related Section; provided, 
that the amount of each such increase in respect of one Related Section 
shall be treated as having been used under the other Related Section.

SECTION 6.05.    Mergers, Consolidations, Sales of Assets and Acquisitions
. Merge into, or consolidate or amalgamate with any other person, or permit 
any other person to merge into or consolidate with it, or sell, transfer, 
lease or otherwise dispose of (in one transaction or in a series of 
transactions) all or any part of its assets (whether now owned or hereafter 
acquired), or issue, sell, transfer or otherwise dispose of any Equity 
Interests of any Subsidiary, or purchase, lease or otherwise acquire (in 
one transaction or a series of transactions) all or substantially all of 
the assets of any other person, except that this Section shall not 
prohibit:
 
166

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(a)    (i) the purchase and sale of inventory, or the sale of receivables 
pursuant to non-recourse factoring arrangements, in each case in the 
ordinary course of business by any Borrower or any Subsidiary, (ii) the 
acquisition or lease (pursuant to an operating lease) of any other asset in 
the ordinary course of business by any Borrower or any Subsidiary or, with 
respect to operating leases, otherwise for fair market value on market 
terms (as determined in good faith by the applicable Borrower), (iii) the 
sale of surplus, obsolete, damaged or worn out equipment or other property 
in the ordinary course of business by any Borrower or any Subsidiary or 
(iv) the sale or disposition of Permitted Investments in the ordinary 
course of business;

(b)    if at the time thereof and immediately after giving effect thereto 
no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing or would result 
therefrom, (i) the merger, consolidation or amalgamation of any Borrower or 
Subsidiary into or with any other Borrower in a transaction in which a 
Borrower is the survivor, (ii) the merger, consolidation or amalgamation of 
any Borrower (other than the Company) or Subsidiary into or with any Loan 
Party in a transaction in which the surviving or resulting entity is a Loan 
Party and, in the case of each of clauses (i) and (ii), no person other 
than a Loan Party receives any consideration, (iii) the merger, 
consolidation or amalgamation of any Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party 
into or with any other Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party, (iv) the 
liquidation or dissolution or change in form of entity of any Borrower 
(other than the Company) or any Subsidiary if the Company determines in 
good faith that such liquidation, dissolution or change in form is in the 
best interests of the Company or the Subsidiaries and is not materially 
disadvantageous to the Lenders or (v) any Borrower (other than the Company) 
or Subsidiary may merge, consolidate or amalgamate into or with any other 
person in order to effect an Investment permitted pursuant to Section 6.04 
so long as the continuing or surviving person shall be a Subsidiary, which 
shall be a Loan Party if the merging, consolidating or amalgamating 
Subsidiary was a Loan Party and which together with each of its 
Subsidiaries shall have complied with the requirements of Section 5.10;

(c)    sales, transfers, leases or other dispositions to a Borrower or a 
Subsidiary (upon voluntary liquidation or otherwise); provided, that any 
sales, transfers, leases or other dispositions by a Loan Party to a 
Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party in reliance on this paragraph (c) shall 
not in the aggregate exceed, in any fiscal year of the Borrower, $10.0 
million;

(d)    Sale and Lease-Back Transactions permitted by Section 6.03;

(e)    Investments permitted by Section 6.04, Permitted Liens, and 
Restricted Payments permitted by Section 6.06;

(f)    the sale of defaulted receivables in the ordinary course of business 
and not as part of an accounts receivables financing transaction;

(g)    sales, transfers, leases, licenses or other dispositions of assets 
not otherwise permitted by this Section 6.05; provided, that (i) no Default 
or Event of Default exists or would result therefrom, (ii) with respect to 
any such sale, transfer, lease or other
 
167

------------------------------------------------------------------------
disposition with aggregate gross proceeds (including noncash proceeds) in 
excess of $25.0 million, immediately after giving effect thereto, the 
Borrowers shall be in Pro Forma Compliance, (iii) the Net Proceeds thereof 
are applied in accordance with Section 2.11(b), (iv) such sale, transfer or 
other disposition of assets shall be for fair market value (as determined 
in good faith by the Company), or if not for fair market value, the 
shortfall is permitted as an Investment under Section 6.04 and (v) no such 
sale, transfer or other disposition of assets in excess of $25 million 
shall be permitted unless such disposition is for at least 75% cash 
consideration; provided, that for purposes of this subclause (g)(v), each 
of the following shall be deemed to be cash: (A) the amount of any 
liabilities (as shown on any Borrower’s or any Subsidiary’s most recent 
balance sheet or in the notes thereto) of any Borrower or any Subsidiary of 
such Borrower (other than liabilities that are by their terms subordinated 
to the Obligations) that are assumed by the transferee of any such assets 
or are otherwise cancelled in connection with such transaction, (B) any 
notes or other obligations or other securities or assets received by such 
Borrower or such Subsidiary of such Borrower from such transferee that are 
converted by such Borrower or such Subsidiary of such Borrower into cash 
within 180 days of the receipt thereof (to the extent of the cash 
received), (C) any Designated Non-Cash Consideration received by such 
Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries in such Asset Sale having an aggregate 
fair market value (as determined in good faith by the applicable Borrower), 
taken together with all other Designated Non-Cash Consideration received 
pursuant to this subclause (g)(v)(C) that is at that time outstanding, not 
to exceed $175.0 million (with the fair market value of each item of 
Designated Non-Cash Consideration being measured at the time received and 
without giving effect to subsequent changes in value) and (D) with respect 
to any lease of assets by a Borrower or a Subsidiary that constitutes a 
disposition, receipt of lease payments over time on market terms (as 
determined in good faith by the applicable Borrower) where the payment 
consideration is at least 75% cash consideration.

(h)    Permitted Business Acquisitions (including any merger, consolidation 
or amalgamation in order to effect a Permitted Business Acquisition); 
provided, that following any such merger, consolidation or amalgamation 
involving a Borrower, such Borrower is the surviving corporation;

(i)    leases, licenses, or subleases or sublicenses of any real or 
personal property in the ordinary course of business;

(j)    sales, leases or other dispositions of inventory or sales, licenses, 
sublicenses or other dispositions or abandonment of intellectual property 
of any Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries determined by the management of 
such Borrower to be no longer useful or necessary in the operation of the 
business of such Borrower or any of the Subsidiaries;

(k)    acquisitions and purchases made with the proceeds of any Asset Sale 
pursuant to the first proviso of paragraph (a) of the definition of “Net 
Proceeds”;

(l)    the purchase and sale or other transfer (including by capital 
contribution) of Receivables Assets pursuant to Permitted Receivables 
Financings;
 
168

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(m)    any exchange of assets for services and/or other assets of 
comparable or greater value (other than any such exchanges by a Borrower or 
Subsidiary with a Person that is an Affiliate of any Borrower or 
Subsidiary); provided, that (i) at least 90% of the consideration received 
by the transferor consists of assets that will be used in a business or 
business activity permitted hereunder, (ii) in the event of a swap with a 
fair market value (as determined in good faith by the Company) in excess of 
$25.0 million, the Administrative Agent shall have received a certificate 
from a Responsible Officer of the Company with respect to such fair market 
value and (iii) in the event of a swap with a fair market value (as 
determined in good faith by the Company) in excess of $35.0 million, such 
exchange shall have been approved by at least a majority of the Board of 
Directors of the Company; provided, further, that (A) no Default or Event 
of Default exists or would result therefrom, (B) with respect to any such 
exchange with aggregate gross consideration in excess of $5.0 million, 
immediately after giving effect thereto, the Borrowers shall be in Pro 
Forma Compliance, and (C) the Net Proceeds, if any, thereof are applied in 
accordance with Section 2.11(b);

(n)    any disposition, merger, consolidation or amalgamation in connection 
with the Post-Closing Restructuring Transaction;

(o)    any disposition made pursuant to an Operations Management Agreement; 
and

(p)    (i) the lease, sublease or license of any portion of any project to 
persons who, either directly or through Affiliates of such persons, intend 
to operate or manage nightclubs, bars, restaurants, recreation areas, spas, 
pools, exercise or gym facilities, or entertainment or retail venues or 
similar or related establishments or facilities within such project and 
(ii) the grant of declarations of covenants, conditions and restrictions 
and/or easements with respect to common area spaces and similar instruments 
benefiting such tenants of such leases, subleases and licenses generally 
and/or entered into connection with a project (collectively, the “Venue 
Easements,” and together with any such leases, subleases or licenses, 
collectively the “Venue Documents”); provided that (A) no Event of Default 
shall exist and be continuing at the time any such Venue Document is 
entered into or would occur as a result of entering into such Venue 
Document, (B) the Loan Parties shall be required to maintain control (which 
may be through required contractual standards) over the primary aesthetics 
and standards of service and quality of the business being operated or 
conducted in connection with any such leased, subleased or licensed space 
and (C) no Venue Document or operations conducted pursuant thereto would 
reasonably be expected to materially interfere with, or materially impair 
or detract from, the operations of the Borrowers and the Subsidiaries; 
provided further that upon request by the Company, the Collateral Agent on 
behalf of the Secured Parties shall provide the tenant, subtenant or 
licensee under any Venue Document with a subordination, non-disturbance 
and attornment agreement substantially in the form of Exhibit L-1 or 
Exhibit L-2 hereto, as applicable, or in such other form as is reasonably 
satisfactory to the Collateral Agent and the applicable Loan Party;

(q)    the dedication of space or other dispositions of property in 
connection with and in furtherance of constructing structures or 
improvements reasonably related to
 
169

------------------------------------------------------------------------
the development, construction and operation of any project; provided that 
in each case such dedication or other dispositions are in furtherance of, 
and do not materially impair or interfere with the operations of the 
Borrowers and the Subsidiaries;

(r)    dedications of, or the granting of easements, rights of way, rights 
of access and/or similar rights, to any Governmental Authority, utility 
providers, cable or other communication providers and/or other parties 
providing services or benefits to any project, any Real Property held by 
the Loan Parties or the public at large that would not reasonably be 
expected to interfere in any material respect with the operations of the 
Borrowers and the Subsidiaries; and

(s)    any disposition of Equity Interests of a Subsidiary pursuant to an 
agreement or other obligation with or to a person (other than the Borrowers 
and the Subsidiaries) from whom such Subsidiary was acquired or from whom 
such Subsidiary acquired its business and assets (having been newly formed 
in connection with such acquisition), made as part of such acquisition and 
in each case comprising all or a portion of the consideration in respect of 
such sale or acquisition.; and

(t)     the Octavius Lease Amendment.

To the extent any Collateral is sold or disposed of in a transaction 
expressly permitted by this Section 6.05 to any person other than any 
Borrower or any Subsidiary Loan Party, such Collateral shall be sold or 
disposed of free and clear of the Liens created by the Loan Documents (
provided that, for the avoidance of doubt, with respect to any disposal 
consisting of an operating lease or license, the underlying property 
retained by such Borrower or such Subsidiary Loan Party will not be so 
released), and the Administrative Agent shall take, and is hereby 
authorized by each Lender to take, any actions reasonably requested by such 
Borrower in order to evidence the foregoing.

SECTION 6.06.    Restricted Payments. Declare or pay any dividend or make 
any other distribution (by reduction of capital or otherwise), whether in 
cash, property, securities or a combination thereof, with respect to any of 
its Equity Interests (other than dividends and distributions on Equity 
Interests payable solely by the issuance of additional Equity Interests 
(other than Disqualified Stock) of the person paying such dividends or 
distributions) or directly or indirectly redeem, purchase, retire or 
otherwise acquire for value (or permit any Subsidiary to purchase or 
acquire) any Equity Interests of the Company or set aside any amount for 
any such purpose (other than through the issuance of additional Equity 
Interests (other than Disqualified Stock) of the Company (the foregoing, “
Restricted Payments”); provided, however, that:

(a)    any Subsidiary of the Company may make Restricted Payments to the 
Company or to any Wholly-Owned Subsidiary of the Company (or, in the case 
of non-Wholly-Owned Subsidiaries, to the Company or any Subsidiary of the 
Company that is a direct or indirect parent of such Subsidiary and to each 
other owner of Equity Interests of such Subsidiary on a pro rata basis (or 
more favorable basis from the perspective of the Company or such 
Subsidiary) based on their relative ownership interests);
 
170

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(b)    Restricted Payments may be made (x) in respect of (i) overhead, 
legal, accounting and other professional fees and expenses of any Parent 
Entity, (ii) fees and expenses related to any public offering or private 
placement of debt or equity securities of any Parent Entity whether or not 
consummated, (iii) franchise and similar taxes and other fees and expenses, 
required to maintain any Parent Entity’s existence, (iv) payments permitted 
by Section 6.07(b) (other than clauses (vii), (xxii) and (xxiii) thereof), 
and (v) customary salary, bonus and other benefits payable to, and 
indemnities provided on behalf of, officers, directors and employees of any 
Parent Entity, in each case in order to permit any Parent Entity to make 
such payments; provided, that in the case of clauses (i), (ii) and (iii), 
the amount of such Restricted Payments shall not exceed the portion of any 
amounts referred to in such clauses (i), (ii) and (iii) that are allocable 
to the Borrowers or their Subsidiaries and (y) in respect of any taxable 
period for which the Borrowers and/or any of their Subsidiaries are members 
of a consolidated, combined, affiliated, unitary or similar tax group for 
U.S. federal and/or applicable state, local or foreign tax purposes of 
which any Parent Entity is the common parent, or for which a Borrower is a 
disregarded entity for U.S. federal and/or applicable state or local income 
tax purposes, distributions to any Parent Entity in an amount not to exceed 
the amount of any such U.S. federal, state, local or foreign taxes that the 
Borrowers and/or their Subsidiaries, as applicable, would have paid for 
such taxable period had the Borrowers and/or their Subsidiaries, as 
applicable, been a stand-alone corporate taxpayer or a stand-alone 
corporate group;

(c)    Restricted Payments may be made to any Parent Entity the proceeds of 
which are used to purchase or redeem the Equity Interests of the Company or 
any Parent Entity (including related stock appreciation rights or similar 
securities) held by then present or former directors, consultants, officers 
or employees of any Parent Entity, any Borrower or any of the Subsidiaries 
or by any Plan or any shareholders’ agreement then in effect upon such 
person’s death, disability, retirement or termination of employment or 
under the terms of any such Plan or any other agreement under which such 
shares of stock or related rights were issued; provided, that the aggregate 
amount of such purchases or redemptions under this paragraph (c) shall not 
exceed in any fiscal year (1) $15.0 million, plus (2) (x) the amount of net 
proceeds contributed to the Company that were received by any Parent Entity 
during such calendar year from sales of Equity Interests of any Parent 
Entity to directors, consultants, officers or employees of any Parent 
Entity, any Borrower or any Subsidiary in connection with permitted 
employee compensation and incentive arrangements, and (y) the amount of net 
proceeds of any key-man life insurance policies received during such 
calendar year, which, if not used in any year, may be carried forward to 
any subsequent calendar year, subject, with respect to unused amounts from 
clause (1) of this proviso that are carried forward, to an overall limit in 
any fiscal year of $30.0 million (which shall increase to $50.0 million 
subsequent to a Qualified IPO); and provided, further, that cancellation of 
Indebtedness owing to the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company from 
members of management of any Parent Entity, any Borrower or its 
Subsidiaries in connection with a repurchase of Equity Interests of any 
Parent Entity will not be deemed to constitute a Restricted Payment for 
purposes of this Section 6.06;
 
171

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(d)    noncash repurchases of Equity Interests deemed to occur upon 
exercise of stock options if such Equity Interests represent a portion of 
the exercise price of such options;

(e)    Restricted Payments may be made in an aggregate amount equal to the 
portion, if any, of the Cumulative Credit on such date that the Company 
elects to apply to this Section 6.06(e), such election to be specified in a 
written notice of a Responsible Officer of the Company calculating in 
reasonable detail the amount of Cumulative Credit immediately prior to such 
election and the amount thereof elected to be so applied; provided, that, 
(1) after giving effect to such Restricted Payment, the Borrowers shall be 
in Pro Forma Compliance and (2) the date of such Restricted Payment shall 
not occur during a Covenant Suspension Period;

(f)    Restricted Payments may be made on the Closing Date in connection 
with the consummation of the Transactions;

(g)    Restricted Payments may be made to allow any Parent Entity to make 
payments in cash, in lieu of the issuance of fractional shares, upon the 
exercise of warrants or upon the conversion or exchange of Equity Interests 
of any such person;

(h)    after a Qualified IPO, Restricted Payments may be made to any Parent 
Entity so that any Parent Entity may make Restricted Payments to its equity 
holders in an amount equal to 6% per annum of the net proceeds received by 
the Company from any public offering of Equity Interests of the Company or 
any Parent Entity;

(i)    any Restricted Payment in connection with the Post-Closing 
Restructuring Transaction;

(j)    any Restricted Payment made under any Operations Management 
Agreement;

(k)    Restricted Payments out of Declined Proceeds not applied to the 
prepayment of Term Loans in an aggregate amount not to exceed $25.0 
million; or

(l)    Restricted Payments may be made to any Parent Entity to finance any 
Investment permitted to be made pursuant to Section 6.04; provided that (A) 
such Restricted Payment shall be made substantially concurrently with the 
closing of such Investment and (B) such parent shall, immediately following 
the closing thereof, cause (1) all property acquired (whether assets or 
Equity Interests) to be contributed to a Borrower or a Subsidiary or (2) 
the merger, consolidation or amalgamation (to the extent permitted in 
Section 6.05) of the person formed or acquired into a Borrower or a 
Subsidiary in order to consummate such Permitted Business Acquisition or 
Investment, in each case, in accordance with the requirements of Section 
5.10.

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Article VI 
(including Section 6.04 and this Section 6.06), the Company will not, and 
will not permit any of the Subsidiaries of the Company to, make any 
Restricted Payment (whether in cash or otherwise) for the purpose of (x) 
paying any dividend or making any distribution to or acquiring any Capital
 
172

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Stock of the Company or any Parent Entity from the Sponsors or (y) 
guarantee any Indebtedness of any Affiliate of the Company for the purpose 
of making any Restricted Payment to the Sponsors, in each case by means of 
utilization of the cumulative dividend and investment credit provided by 
use of the Cumulative Credit or the exceptions provided by Section 6.06(e) 
or (k) or pursuant to Section 6.04(j), (l), (w) or (ff), unless after 
giving effect to such payment, the Total Leverage Ratio on a Pro Forma 
Basis would be equal to or less than 6.00 to 1.00.

SECTION 6.07.    Transactions with Affiliates.

(a)    Sell or transfer any property or assets to, or purchase or acquire 
any property or assets from, or otherwise engage in any other transaction 
with, any of its Affiliates or any known direct or indirect holder of 10% 
or more of any class of Equity Interests of the Company in a transaction 
involving aggregate consideration in excess of $25.0 million, unless such 
transaction is (i) otherwise required under this Agreement or (ii) upon 
terms no less favorable to such Borrower or such Subsidiary, as applicable, 
than would be obtained in a comparable arm’s-length transaction with a 
person that is not an Affiliate. For purposes of this Section 6.07, any 
transaction with any Affiliate or any such 10% holder shall be deemed to 
have satisfied the standard set forth in clause (ii) of the immediately 
preceding sentence if such transaction is approved by a majority of the 
Disinterested Directors of CERP LLC.

(b)    The foregoing paragraph (a) shall not prohibit, to the extent 
otherwise permitted under this Agreement:

(i)    any issuance of securities, or other payments, awards or grants in 
cash, securities or otherwise pursuant to, or the funding of, employment 
arrangements, equity purchase agreements, stock options and stock ownership 
plans approved by the Board of Directors of CERP LLC;

(ii)    loans or advances to employees or consultants of any Parent Entity, 
any Borrower or any of the Subsidiaries in accordance with Section 6.04(e);

(iii)    transactions among any Borrower or any Subsidiary or any entity 
that becomes a Subsidiary as a result of such transaction (including via 
merger, consolidation or amalgamation in which a Borrower or Subsidiary is 
the surviving entity);

(iv)    the payment of fees, reasonable out-of-pocket costs and indemnities 
to directors, officers, consultants and employees of any Parent Entity, any 
Borrower and the Subsidiaries in the ordinary course of business (limited, 
in the case of any Parent Entity, to the portion of such fees and expenses 
that are allocable to the Borrowers and the Subsidiaries);

(v)    the Transactions, any transactions pursuant to the Transaction 
Documents and permitted transactions, agreements and arrangements in 
existence on the Closing Date and, to the extent involving aggregate 
consideration in excess of $15.0 million, set forth on Schedule 6.07 or any 
amendment thereto or replacement thereof or similar arrangement to the 
extent such amendment, replacement or arrangement is not adverse to the 
Lenders when taken as a whole in any material respect (as determined by the 
Borrowers in good faith) and other transactions, agreements and 
arrangements described
 
173

------------------------------------------------------------------------
on Schedule 6.07, and any amendment thereto or replacement thereof or 
similar transactions, agreements or arrangements entered into by the 
Borrowers or any of the Subsidiaries to the extent such amendment is not 
adverse to the Lenders when taken as a whole in any material respect (as 
determined in good faith by the Borrowers);

(vi)    (A) any employment agreements entered into by any Borrower or any 
of the Subsidiaries in the ordinary course of business, (B) any 
subscription agreement or similar agreement pertaining to the repurchase of 
Equity Interests pursuant to put/call rights or similar rights with 
employees, officers or directors, and (C) any employee compensation, 
benefit plan or arrangement, any health, disability or similar insurance 
plan which covers employees, and any reasonable employment contract and 
transactions pursuant thereto;

(vii)    Restricted Payments permitted under Section 6.06, including 
payments to any Parent Entity;

(viii)    payments by the Company or any of the Subsidiaries of the Company 
to any Sponsor made for any financial advisory, financing, underwriting or 
placement services or in respect of other investment banking activities, 
including in connection with acquisitions or divestitures, which payments 
are approved by the majority of the Board of Directors of the Company, or a 
majority of the Disinterested Directors of the Company, in good faith;

(ix)    transactions with Wholly-Owned Subsidiaries for the purchase or 
sale of goods, equipment, products, parts and services entered into in the 
ordinary course of business in a manner consistent with past practice;

(x)    any transaction in respect of which a Borrower delivers to the 
Administrative Agent a letter addressed to the Board of Directors of such 
Borrower from an accounting, appraisal or investment banking firm, in each 
case of nationally recognized standing that is in the good faith 
determination of such Borrower qualified to render such letter which letter 
states that (i) such transaction is on terms that are no less favorable to 
such Borrower or such Subsidiary, as applicable, than would be obtained in 
a comparable arm’s-length transaction with a person that is not an 
Affiliate or (ii) such transaction is fair to such Borrower or such 
Subsidiary, as applicable, from a financial point of view;

(xi)    the payment of all fees, expenses, bonuses and awards related to 
the Transactions contemplated by the Notes Offering Memorandum, including 
fees to any Sponsor;

(xii)    transactions with joint ventures for the purchase or sale of 
goods, equipment, products, parts and services entered into in the ordinary 
course of business;

(xiii)     [reserved]the Octavius Lease Amendment;
 
174

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(xiv)    any transactions made pursuant to any Operations Management 
Agreement and any transactions in connection with the Post-Closing 
Restructuring Transaction;

(xv)    the issuance, sale or transfer of Equity Interests of the Company, 
including in connection with capital contributions by a Parent Entity to 
the Company;

(xvi)    the issuance of Equity Interests to the management of any Parent 
Entity, any Borrower or any Subsidiary in connection with the Transaction;

(xvii)    (1) payments permitted under Section 6.06(b) and (2) entering 
into, and any transactions pursuant to, a tax sharing agreement consistent 
with clause (l);

(xviii)    transactions pursuant to any Permitted Receivables Financing;

(xix)    payments, loans (or cancellation of loans) or advances to 
employees or consultants that are (i) approved by a majority of the 
Disinterested Directors of the Board of Directors of the Company in good 
faith, (ii) made in compliance with applicable law and (iii) otherwise 
permitted under this Agreement;

(xx)    transactions with customers, clients, suppliers, or purchasers or 
sellers of goods or services, in each case in the ordinary course of 
business and otherwise in compliance with the terms of this Agreement that 
are fair to the Borrowers or the Subsidiaries;

(xxi)    transactions between any Borrower or any of the Subsidiaries and 
any person, a director of which is also a director of such Borrower or any 
direct or indirect parent company of such Borrower, provided, however, that 
(A) such director abstains from voting as a director of such Borrower or 
such direct or indirect parent company, as the case may be, on any matter 
involving such other person and (B) such person is not an Affiliate of the 
Borrowers for any reason other than such director’s acting in such 
capacity;

(xxii)    transactions permitted by, and complying with, the provisions of 
Section 6.04(b), 6.04(h), 6.04(o), 6.04(v), 6.04(y), 6.04(bb), 6.05(b) or 
6.06;

(xxiii)     transactions undertaken in good faith (in the reasonable 
opinion of the Borrowers) for the purpose of improving the consolidated tax 
efficiency of any Parent Entity, the Borrowers and the Subsidiaries 
(provided that such transactions, taken as a whole, are not materially 
adverse to the Borrowers and the Subsidiaries); or

(xxiv)    investments by the Sponsors in securities of the Company or any 
of the Subsidiaries of the Company so long as (A) the investment is being 
offered generally to other investors on the same or more favorable terms 
and (B) the investment constitutes less than 5.0% of the outstanding issue 
amount of such class of securities.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, CEC, Caesars Acquisition Company and their 
respective Affiliates (other than the Company and its Subsidiaries) shall 
not be considered
 
175

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Affiliates of the Borrowers or their Subsidiaries with respect to any 
transaction, so long as the transaction is in the ordinary course of 
business, pursuant to agreements existing on the Closing Date or pursuant 
to any intellectual property license or related agreement, management 
agreement or shared services agreement entered into with any of the 
Borrowers and/or their Subsidiaries or, in each case, amendments, 
modifications or supplements thereto, or replacements thereof, that are not 
materially adverse to the Borrowers or their Subsidiaries, taken as a 
whole; provided, that it is understood and agreed that this paragraph shall 
not permit CERP Cash that is deposited into an account to be deposited into 
an account that is owned by CERP LLC and its Affiliates that is not owned 
exclusively by a Borrower and/or a Subsidiary. It is understood and agreed 
that the Borrowers and the Subsidiaries shall not pay any fees to 
Affiliates of CERP LLC in respect of the services contemplated by the 
Management Agreements, regardless of whether provided pursuant to the terms 
of the Management Agreements in effect on the Closing Date or otherwise.

SECTION 6.08.    Business of the Borrowers and the Subsidiaries. 
Notwithstanding any other provisions hereof, engage at any time to any 
material respect in any business or business activity substantially 
different from any business or business activity conducted by any of them 
on the Closing Date or any Similar Business, and in the case of a Special 
Purpose Receivables Subsidiary, Permitted Receivables Financings.

SECTION 6.09.    Limitation on Payments and Modifications of Indebtedness; 
Modifications of Certificate of Incorporation, By-Laws and Certain Other 
Agreements; etc.

(a)    Amend or modify in any manner materially adverse to the Lenders 
taken as a whole (as determined in good faith by the Borrowers), or grant 
any waiver or release under or terminate in any manner (if such granting or 
termination shall be materially adverse to the Lenders when taken as a 
whole (as determined in good faith by the Borrowers)), (x) the articles or 
certificate of incorporation, by-laws, limited liability company operating 
agreement, partnership agreement or other organizational documents of any 
Borrower or any Subsidiary Loan Party or (y) any Operations Management 
Agreement.

(b)    (i) Make, directly or indirectly, any payment or other distribution 
(whether in cash, securities or other property) of or in respect of 
principal of or interest on the loans under any Indebtedness of any 
Borrower or any Subsidiary that is expressly subordinate to the Obligations 
(“Junior Financing”), or any payment or other distribution (whether in 
cash, securities or other property), including any sinking fund or similar 
deposit, on account of the purchase, redemption, retirement, acquisition, 
cancellation or termination in respect of any Junior Financing except for 
(A) Refinancings with Permitted Refinancing Indebtedness permitted by 
Section 6.01, (B) payments of regularly scheduled interest and fees due 
thereunder, other non-accelerated and non-principal payments thereunder, 
any mandatory prepayments of principal, interest and fees thereunder, 
scheduled payments thereon necessary to avoid the Junior Financing to 
constitute “applicable high yield discount obligations” within the meaning 
of Section 163(i)(1) of the Code, and payment of principal on the scheduled 
maturity date of any Junior Financing (or within one year thereof), (C) 
payments or distributions in respect of all or any portion of the Junior 
Financing with the proceeds contributed to the Company by any Parent Entity 
from the issuance, sale or exchange by any Parent Entity of Qualified 
Equity Interests made within eighteen months prior thereto, (D) the 
conversion of any Junior Financing to Equity
 
176

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Interests of the Company or any Parent Entity or (E) so long as no Default 
or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or would result 
therefrom and after giving effect to such payment or distribution the 
Borrowers would be in Pro Forma Compliance, payments or distributions in 
respect of Junior Financings prior to their scheduled maturity made, in an 
aggregate amount, not to exceed the portion, if any, of the Cumulative 
Credit on the date of such election that the Company elects to apply to 
this Section 6.09(b)(i)(E), such election to be specified in a written 
notice of a Responsible Officer of the Company calculating in reasonable 
detail the amount of Cumulative Credit immediately prior to such election 
and the amount thereof elected to be applied; or

(ii)    Amend or modify, or permit the amendment or modification of, any 
provision of Junior Financing that constitutes Material Indebtedness or any 
agreement, document or instrument evidencing or relating thereto, other 
than amendments or modifications that (A) are not materially adverse to 
Lenders when taken as a whole (as determined in good faith by the 
Borrowers) and that do not affect the subordination or payment provisions 
thereof (if any) in a manner adverse to the Lenders when taken as a whole 
(as determined in good faith by the Borrowers) or (B) otherwise comply with 
the definition of “Permitted Refinancing Indebtedness.”

(c)    Permit any Material Subsidiary to enter into any agreement or 
instrument that by its terms restricts (i) the payment of dividends or 
distributions or the making of cash advances to any Borrower or any 
Subsidiary that is a direct or indirect parent of such Subsidiary or (ii) 
the granting of Liens by such Borrower or such Material Subsidiary pursuant 
to the Security Documents, in each case other than those arising under any 
Loan Document, except, in each case, restrictions existing by reason of:

(A)    restrictions imposed by applicable law;

(B)    contractual encumbrances or restrictions (x) in effect on the 
Closing Date under Indebtedness existing on the Closing Date and set forth 
on Schedule 6.01, the First Priority Senior Secured Notes, the Second 
Priority Senior Secured Notes, or (y) in any Refinancing Notes, any First 
Lien Notes or any agreements related to any Permitted Refinancing 
Indebtedness in respect of any such Indebtedness that, in each case, do not 
materially expand the scope of any such encumbrance or restriction (as 
determined in good faith by the Borrowers);

(C)    any restriction on a Subsidiary imposed pursuant to an agreement 
entered into for the sale or disposition of the Equity Interests or assets 
of a Subsidiary;

(D)    customary provisions in joint venture agreements and other similar 
agreements entered into in the ordinary course of business;

(E)    any restrictions imposed by any agreement relating to secured 
Indebtedness permitted by this Agreement to the extent that such 
restrictions apply only to the specific property or assets securing such 
Indebtedness and not all or substantially all assets;
 
177

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(F)    any restrictions imposed by any agreement relating to Indebtedness 
incurred pursuant to Sections 6.01(k) or 6.01(r) or Permitted Refinancing 
Indebtedness in respect thereof, to the extent such restrictions are not 
materially more restrictive, taken as a whole, than the restrictions 
contained in this Agreement (as determined in good faith by the Borrowers);

(G)    customary provisions contained in leases or licenses of intellectual 
property and other similar agreements entered into in the ordinary course 
of business;

(H)    customary provisions restricting subletting or assignment of any 
lease governing a leasehold interest;

(I)    customary provisions restricting assignment of any agreement entered 
into in the ordinary course of business;

(J)    customary restrictions and conditions contained in any agreement 
relating to the sale, transfer, lease or other disposition of any asset 
permitted under Section 6.05 pending the consummation of such sale, 
transfer, lease or other disposition;

(K)    customary restrictions and conditions contained in the document 
relating to any Lien, so long as (1) such Lien is a Permitted Lien and such 
restrictions or conditions relate only to the specific asset subject to 
such Lien and (2) such restrictions and conditions are not created for the 
purpose of avoiding the restrictions imposed by this Section 6.09;

(L)    customary net worth provisions contained in Real Property leases 
entered into by Subsidiaries of any Borrower, so long as such Borrower has 
determined in good faith that such net worth provisions would not 
reasonably be expected to impair the ability of such Borrower and its 
Subsidiaries to meet their ongoing obligations;

(M)    any agreement in effect at the time such subsidiary becomes a 
Subsidiary (including in connection with the Post-Closing Restructuring 
Transaction), so long as such agreement was not entered into in 
contemplation of such person becoming a Subsidiary;

(N)    restrictions in agreements representing Indebtedness permitted under 
Section 6.01 of a Subsidiary of any Borrower that is not a Subsidiary Loan 
Party;

(O)    customary restrictions on leases, subleases, licenses or Equity 
Interests or asset sale agreements otherwise permitted hereby as long as 
such restrictions relate to the Equity Interests and assets subject 
thereto;

(P)    restrictions on cash or other deposits imposed by customers under 
contracts entered into in the ordinary course of business;

(Q)    restrictions contained in any Permitted Receivables Document with 
respect to any Special Purpose Receivables Subsidiary;
 
178

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(R)    restrictions contained in any agreements related to a Project 
Financing or Qualified Non-Recourse Debt; or

(S)    any encumbrances or restrictions of the type referred to in Sections 
6.09(c)(i) and 6.09(c)(ii) above imposed by any amendments, modifications, 
restatements, renewals, increases, supplements, refundings, replacements or 
refinancings of or similar arrangements or the contracts, instruments or 
obligations referred to in clauses (A) through (R) above; provided that 
such amendments, modifications, restatements, renewals, increases, 
supplements, refundings, replacements or refinancings or similar 
arrangements are, in the good faith judgment of the Borrowers, no more 
restrictive with respect to such dividend, other payment and Lien 
restrictions than those contained in the dividend, other payment and Lien 
restrictions prior to such amendment, modification, restatement, renewal, 
increase, supplement, refunding, replacement or refinancing or similar 
arrangements.

SECTION 6.10.    Senior Secured Leverage Ratio. Permit the Senior Secured 
Leverage Ratio on the last day of any fiscal quarter (beginning with the 
fiscal quarter ended on the last day of the first full fiscal quarter after 
the Closing Date, but excluding any fiscal quarter the last day of which 
occurs during a Covenant Suspension Period) to exceed 8.00 to 1.00.

SECTION 6.11.    No Other “Designated Senior Debt”. Designate, or permit 
the designation of, any Indebtedness as “Designated Senior Debt” or any 
other similar term for the purpose of the definition of the same or the 
subordination provisions contained in any indenture governing any senior 
subordinated notes permitted to be incurred hereunder that constitute 
Material Indebtedness other than (a) the Obligations under this Agreement 
and the other Loan Documents, (b) any Permitted Refinancing Indebtedness 
thereof and (c) any series of First Lien Notes or Refinancing Notes 
constituting Other First Lien Obligations.


ARTICLE VII
Events of Default

SECTION 7.01.    Events of Default. In case of the happening of any of the 
following events (each, an “Event of Default”):

(a)    any representation or warranty made or deemed made by any Loan Party 
herein or in any other Loan Document or any certificate or document 
delivered pursuant hereto or thereto shall prove to have been false or 
misleading in any material respect when so made or deemed made;

(b)    default shall be made in the payment of any principal of any Loan 
when and as the same shall become due and payable, whether at the due date 
thereof or at a date fixed for prepayment thereof or by acceleration 
thereof or otherwise;

(c)    default shall be made in the payment of any interest on any Loan or 
the reimbursement with respect to any L/C Obligation or in the payment of 
any Fee or any other amount (other than an amount referred to in clause (b) 
above) due under any Loan Document, when and as the same shall become due 
and payable, and such default shall continue unremedied for a period of 
five Business Days;
 
179

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(d)    default shall be made in the due observance or performance by any 
Borrower of any covenant, condition or agreement contained in Section 
5.01(a) (with respect to any Borrower), 5.05(a) or 5.08 or in Article VI;

(e)    default shall be made in the due observance or performance by any 
Borrower or any Loan Party of any covenant, condition or agreement 
contained in any Loan Document (other than those specified in paragraphs 
(b), (c) and (d) above) and such default shall continue unremedied for a 
period of 30 days (or 60 days if such default results solely from a failure 
of a Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party to duly observe or perform any 
such covenant, condition or agreement) after notice thereof from the 
Administrative Agent to the Borrowers;

(f)    (i) any event or condition occurs that (A) results in any Material 
Indebtedness becoming due prior to its scheduled maturity or (B) enables or 
permits (with all applicable grace periods having expired) the holder or 
holders of any Material Indebtedness or any trustee or agent on its or 
their behalf to cause any Material Indebtedness to become due, or to 
require the prepayment, repurchase, redemption or defeasance thereof, prior 
to its scheduled maturity; or (ii) any Borrower or any of the Material 
Subsidiaries shall fail to pay the principal of any Material Indebtedness 
at the stated final maturity thereof; provided that this clause (f) shall 
not apply to secured Indebtedness that becomes due as a result of the 
voluntary sale or transfer of the property or assets securing such 
Indebtedness if such sale or transfer is permitted hereunder and under the 
documents providing for such Indebtedness;

(g)    there shall have occurred a Change in Control;

(h)    an involuntary proceeding shall be commenced or an involuntary 
petition shall be filed in a court of competent jurisdiction seeking (i) 
relief in respect of any Borrower or any Material Subsidiary, or of a 
substantial part of the property or assets of any Borrower or any Material 
Subsidiary, under Title 11 of the United States Code, as now constituted or 
hereafter amended, or any other federal, state or foreign bankruptcy, 
insolvency, receivership or similar law, (ii) the appointment of a 
receiver, trustee, custodian, sequestrator, conservator or similar official 
for any Borrower or any Material Subsidiary or for a substantial part of 
the property or assets any Borrower or any Material Subsidiary or (iii) the 
winding-up or liquidation of any Borrower or any Material Subsidiary (other 
than as permitted hereunder); and such proceeding or petition shall 
continue undismissed for 60 days or an order or decree approving or 
ordering any of the foregoing shall be entered;

(i)    any Borrower or any Material Subsidiary shall (i) voluntarily 
commence any proceeding or file any petition seeking relief under Title 11 
of the United States Code, as now constituted or hereafter amended, or any 
other federal, state or foreign bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership or 
similar law, (ii) consent to the institution of, or fail to contest in a 
timely and appropriate manner, any proceeding or the filing of any petition 
described in paragraph (h) above, (iii) apply for or consent to the 
appointment of a receiver, trustee, custodian, sequestrator, conservator or 
similar official for any Borrower or any Material Subsidiary or for a 
substantial part of the property or assets of
 
180

------------------------------------------------------------------------
any Borrower or any Material Subsidiary, (iv) file an answer admitting the 
material allegations of a petition filed against it in any such proceeding, 
(v) make a general assignment for the benefit of creditors or (vi) become 
unable or admit in writing its inability or fail generally to pay its debts 
as they become due;

(j)    the failure by any Borrower or any Material Subsidiary to pay one or 
more final judgments aggregating in excess of $75.0 million (to the extent 
not covered by insurance), which judgments are not discharged or 
effectively waived or stayed for a period of 45 consecutive days, or any 
action shall be legally taken by a judgment creditor to levy upon assets or 
properties any Borrower or any Material Subsidiary to enforce any such 
judgment;

(k)    (i) a trustee shall be appointed by a United States district court 
to administer any Plan, (ii) an ERISA Event or ERISA Events shall have 
occurred with respect to any Plan or Multiemployer Plan, (iii) the PBGC 
shall institute proceedings (including giving notice of intent thereof) to 
terminate any Plan or Plans, (iv) any Borrower or any Subsidiary or any 
ERISA Affiliate shall have been notified by the sponsor of a Multiemployer 
Plan that such Multiemployer Plan is in reorganization or is being 
terminated, within the meaning of Title IV of ERISA or (v) any Borrower or 
any Subsidiary shall engage in any “prohibited transaction” (as defined in 
Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code) involving any Plan that 
would subject any Borrower or any Subsidiary to tax; and in each case in 
clauses (i) through (v) above, such event or condition, together with all 
other such events or conditions, if any, would reasonably be expected to 
have a Material Adverse Effect;

(l)    (i) any material provision of any Loan Document shall for any reason 
be asserted in writing by any Borrower or any Loan Party not to be a legal, 
valid and binding obligation of any party thereto, (ii) any security 
interest purported to be created by any Security Document and to extend to 
assets that constitute a material portion of the Collateral shall cease to 
be, or shall be asserted in writing by any Loan Party not to be, a valid 
and perfected security interest (perfected as or having the priority 
required by this Agreement or the relevant Security Document and subject to 
such limitations and restrictions as are set forth herein and therein), 
except to the extent that any such loss of perfection or priority results 
from the limitations of foreign laws, rules and regulations as they apply 
to pledges of Equity Interests in Foreign Subsidiaries or the application 
thereof, or except from the failure of the Collateral Agent to maintain 
possession of certificates actually delivered to it representing securities 
pledged under the Collateral Agreement or to file Uniform Commercial Code 
continuation statements or take the actions described on Schedule 3.04 and 
except to the extent that such loss is covered by a lender’s title 
insurance policy and the Collateral Agent shall be reasonably satisfied 
with the credit of such insurer, or (iii) a material portion of the 
Guarantees by the Subsidiary Loan Parties guaranteeing the Obligations 
shall cease to be in full force and effect (other than in accordance with 
the terms thereof), or shall be asserted in writing by any Borrower or any 
Subsidiary Loan Party not to be in effect or not to be legal, valid and 
binding obligations (other than in accordance with the terms thereof); 
provided, that no Event of Default shall occur under this Section 7.01(l) 
if the Loan Parties cooperate with the Collateral Agent to replace or 
perfect such security interest and Lien, such security interest and Lien is 
replaced and the rights, powers and privileges of the Secured Parties are 
not materially adversely affected by such replacement; or
 
181

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(m)    the occurrence of a License Revocation with respect to a license 
issued to any Borrower or any Subsidiary by any Gaming Authority with 
respect to gaming operations at any gaming facility of any Borrower or any 
Subsidiary that continues for 30 calendar days to the extent that such 
License Revocation, together with all prior License Revocations that are 
still in effect, would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse 
Effect,

then, and in every such event (other than an event with respect to the 
Company described in paragraph (h) or (i) above), and at any time 
thereafter during the continuance of such event, the Administrative Agent, 
at the request of the Required Lenders, shall, by notice to the Borrowers, 
take any or all of the following actions, at the same or different times: 
(i) terminate forthwith the Commitments, (ii) declare the Loans then 
outstanding to be forthwith due and payable in whole or in part, whereupon 
the principal of the Loans so declared to be due and payable, together with 
accrued interest thereon and any unpaid accrued Fees and all other 
liabilities of the Borrowers accrued hereunder and under any other Loan 
Document, shall become forthwith due and payable, without presentment, 
demand, protest or any other notice of any kind, all of which are hereby 
expressly waived by the Borrowers, anything contained herein or in any 
other Loan Document to the contrary notwithstanding and (iii) if the Loans 
have been declared due and payable pursuant to clause (ii) above, demand 
Cash Collateral pursuant to Section 2.05(g); and in any event with respect 
to the Company described in paragraph (h) or (i) above, the Commitments 
shall automatically terminate, the principal of the Loans then outstanding, 
together with accrued interest thereon and any unpaid accrued Fees and all 
other liabilities of the Borrowers accrued hereunder and under any other 
Loan Document, shall automatically become due and payable and the 
Administrative Agent shall be deemed to have made a demand for Cash 
Collateral to the full extent permitted under Section 2.05(g), without 
presentment, demand, protest or any other notice of any kind, all of which 
are hereby expressly waived by the Borrowers, anything contained herein or 
in any other Loan Document to the contrary notwithstanding.

SECTION 7.02.    Right to Cure. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary 
contained in Section 7.01, in the event that the Borrowers fail (or, but 
for the operation of this Section 7.02, would fail) to comply with the 
requirements of the Financial Performance Covenant, until the expiration of 
the 20th day subsequent to the date the certificate calculating such 
Financial Performance Covenant is required to be delivered pursuant to 
Section 5.04(c), any Parent Entity and/or the Company shall have the right 
to issue Permitted Cure Securities for cash or otherwise receive cash 
contributions to the capital of any Parent Entity and/or the Company (and, 
with respect to any Parent Entity, in each case, to contribute any such 
cash to the capital of the Company (collectively, the “Cure Right”), and 
upon the receipt by the Company of such cash (the “Cure Amount”) pursuant 
to the exercise by any Parent Entity and/or the Company of such Cure Right 
such Financial Performance Covenant shall be recalculated giving effect to 
a pro forma adjustment by which EBITDA shall be increased with respect to 
such applicable quarter and any four-quarter period that contains such 
quarter, solely for the purpose of measuring the Financial Performance 
Covenant and not for any other purpose under this Agreement, by an amount 
equal to the Cure Amount; provided, that, (i) in each four-fiscal-quarter 
period there shall be at least one fiscal quarter in which the Cure Right 
is not exercised and (ii) for purposes
 
182

------------------------------------------------------------------------
of this Section 7.02, the Cure Amount shall be no greater than the amount 
required for purposes of complying with the Financial Performance Covenant. 
If, after giving effect to the adjustments in this paragraph, the Borrowers 
shall then be in compliance with the requirements of the Financial 
Performance Covenant, the Borrowers shall be deemed to have satisfied the 
requirements of the Financial Performance Covenant as of the relevant date 
of determination with the same effect as though there had been no failure 
to comply therewith at such date, and the applicable breach or default of 
the Financial Performance Covenant that had occurred shall be deemed cured 
for this purposes of the Agreement.


ARTICLE VIII
The Agents

SECTION 8.01.    Appointment.

(a)    Each Lender (in its capacities as a Lender and the Swingline Lender 
(if applicable) and on behalf of itself and its Affiliates as potential 
counterparties to Secured Cash Management Agreements and Secured Swap 
Agreements) and each L/C Issuer (in such capacities and on behalf of itself 
and its Affiliates as potential counterparties to Secured Cash Management 
Agreements and Secured Swap Agreements) hereby irrevocably designates and 
appoints the Administrative Agent as the agent of such Lender under this 
Agreement and the other Loan Documents and irrevocably authorizes the 
Administrative Agent, in such capacity, to take such action on its behalf 
under the provisions of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents and to 
exercise such powers and perform such duties as are expressly delegated to 
the Administrative Agent by the terms of this Agreement and the other Loan 
Documents, together with such other powers as are reasonably incidental 
thereto. Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary elsewhere in this 
Agreement, the Administrative Agent shall not have any duties or 
responsibilities, except those expressly set forth herein, or any fiduciary 
relationship with any Lender, and no implied covenants, functions, 
responsibilities, duties, obligations or liabilities shall be read into 
this Agreement or any other Loan Document or otherwise exist against the 
Administrative Agent.

(b)    The Administrative Agent, each Lender (in its capacities as a Lender 
and the Swingline Lender (if applicable) and on behalf of itself and its 
Affiliates as potential counterparties to Secured Cash Management 
Agreements and Secured Swap Agreements) and each L/C Issuer (in such 
capacities and on behalf of itself and its Affiliates as potential 
counterparties to Secured Cash Management Agreements and Secured Swap 
Agreements) hereby irrevocably designate and appoint the Collateral Agent 
as the agent with respect to the Collateral, and each of the Administrative 
Agent, each Lender, the Swingline Lender and each L/C Issuer irrevocably 
authorizes the Collateral Agent, in such capacity, to take such action on 
its behalf under the provisions of this Agreement and the other Loan 
Documents and to exercise such powers and perform such duties as are 
expressly delegated to the Collateral Agent by the terms of this Agreement 
and the other Loan Documents, together with such other powers as are 
reasonably incidental thereto. Notwithstanding any provision to the 
contrary elsewhere in this Agreement, the Collateral Agent shall not have 
any duties or responsibilities except those expressly set forth herein, or 
any fiduciary relationship with any of the Administrative Agent, the 
Lenders, the Swingline Lender or any L/C Issuers, and no implied covenants, 
functions, responsibilities, duties, obligations or liabilities shall be 
read into this Agreement or any other Loan Document or otherwise exist 
against the Collateral Agent.
 
183

------------------------------------------------------------------------
SECTION 8.02.    Delegation of Duties. The Administrative Agent and the 
Collateral Agent may each execute any of its duties under this Agreement 
and the other Loan Documents by or through agents or attorneys-in-fact and 
shall be entitled to advice of counsel concerning all matters pertaining to 
such duties. Neither the Administrative Agent nor the Collateral Agent 
shall be responsible for the negligence or misconduct of any agents or 
attorneys-in-fact selected by it with reasonable care.

SECTION 8.03.    Exculpatory Provisions. Neither the Administrative Agent 
nor the Collateral Agent, nor any of their respective officers, directors, 
employees, agents, attorneys-in-fact or Affiliates shall be (a) liable for 
any action lawfully taken or omitted to be taken by it or such person under 
or in connection with this Agreement or any other Loan Document (except for 
its or such person’s own gross negligence or willful misconduct) or (b) 
responsible in any manner to any of the Lenders for any recitals, 
statements, representations or warranties made by any Loan Party or any 
officer thereof contained in this Agreement or any other Loan Document or 
in any certificate, report, statement or other document referred to or 
provided for in, or received by such Agent under or in connection with, 
this Agreement or any other Loan Document or for the value, validity, 
effectiveness, genuineness, enforceability or sufficiency of this Agreement 
or any other Loan Document or for any failure of any Loan Party to perform 
its obligations hereunder or thereunder. Neither the Administrative Agent 
nor the Collateral Agent shall be under any obligation to any Lender to 
ascertain or to inquire as to the observance or performance of any of the 
agreements contained in, or conditions of, this Agreement or any other Loan 
Document, or to inspect the properties, books or records of any Loan Party.

SECTION 8.04.    Reliance by Agents. The Administrative Agent and the 
Collateral Agent shall be entitled to rely, and shall be fully protected in 
relying, upon any writing, resolution, notice, consent, certificate, 
affidavit, letter, telecopy, telex or teletype message, statement, order or 
other document or instruction believed by it to be genuine and correct and 
to have been signed, sent or made by the proper person or persons and upon 
advice and statements of legal counsel (including counsel to the 
Borrowers), independent accountants and other experts selected by the 
Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent. The Administrative Agent may 
deem and treat the Lender specified in the Register with respect to any 
amount owing hereunder as the owner thereof for all purposes unless a 
written notice of assignment, negotiation or transfer thereof shall have 
been filed with the Administrative Agent. The Administrative Agent and the 
Collateral Agent shall be fully justified in failing or refusing to take 
any action under this Agreement or any other Loan Document unless it shall 
first receive such advice or concurrence of the Required Lenders as it 
deems appropriate or it shall first be indemnified to its satisfaction by 
the Lenders against any and all liability and expense that may be incurred 
by it by reason of taking or continuing to take any such action. The 
Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent shall in all cases be fully 
protected in acting, or in refraining from acting, under this Agreement and 
the other Loan Documents in accordance with a request of the Required 
Lenders, and such request and any action taken or failure to act pursuant 
thereto shall be binding upon all the Lenders and all future holders of the 
Loans.
 
184

------------------------------------------------------------------------
SECTION 8.05.    Notice of Default. Neither the Administrative Agent nor 
the Collateral Agent shall be deemed to have knowledge or notice of the 
occurrence of any Default or Event of Default hereunder unless the 
Administrative Agent or Collateral Agent has received notice from a Lender 
or a Borrower referring to this Agreement, describing such Default or Event 
of Default and stating that such notice is a “notice of default.” In the 
event that the Administrative Agent receives such a notice, it shall give 
notice thereof to the Lenders and the Collateral Agent. The Administrative 
Agent shall take such action with respect to such Default or Event of 
Default as shall be reasonably directed by the Required Lenders, provided 
that unless and until the Administrative Agent shall have received such 
directions, the Administrative Agent may (but shall not be obligated to) 
take such action, or refrain from taking such action, with respect to such 
Default or Event of Default as it shall deem advisable in the best 
interests of the Lenders except to the extent that this Agreement requires 
that such action be taken only with the approval of the Required Lenders or 
each of the Lenders, as applicable.

SECTION 8.06.    Non-Reliance on Administrative Agent, Collateral Agent and 
Other Lenders. Each Lender expressly acknowledges that neither the 
Administrative Agent nor the Collateral Agent nor any of their respective 
officers, directors, employees, agents, attorneys-in-fact or Affiliates has 
made any representations or warranties to it and that no act by the 
Administrative Agent or Collateral Agent hereinafter taken, including any 
review of the affairs of any Loan Party, shall be deemed to constitute any 
representation or warranty by the Administrative Agent or Collateral Agent 
to any Lender, the Swingline Lender or any L/C Issuer. Each Lender, the 
Swingline Lender and each L/C Issuer represents to the Administrative Agent 
and the Collateral Agent that it has, independently and without reliance 
upon the Administrative Agent, Collateral Agent or any other Lender, and 
based on such documents and information as it has deemed appropriate, made 
its own appraisal of and investigation into the business, operations, 
property, financial and other condition and creditworthiness of the Loan 
Parties and made its own decision to make its Loans hereunder and enter 
into this Agreement. Each Lender also represents that it will, 
independently and without reliance upon the Administrative Agent, 
Collateral Agent or any other Lender, and based on such documents and 
information as it shall deem appropriate at the time, continue to make its 
own credit analysis, appraisals and decisions in taking or not taking 
action under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, and to make such 
investigation as it deems necessary to inform itself as to the business, 
operations, property, financial and other condition and creditworthiness of 
the Loan Parties. Except for notices, reports and other documents expressly 
required to be furnished to the Lenders by the Administrative Agent 
hereunder, neither the Administrative Agent nor the Collateral Agent shall 
have any duty or responsibility to provide any Lender with any credit or 
other information concerning the business, assets, operations, properties, 
financial condition, prospects or creditworthiness of any Loan Party that 
may come into the possession of the Administrative Agent or Collateral 
Agent any of their respective officers, directors, employees, agents, 
attorneys-in-fact or Affiliates.

SECTION 8.07.    Indemnification. The Lenders agree to indemnify the 
Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent, each in its capacity as such 
(to the extent not reimbursed by the Borrowers and without limiting the 
obligation of the Borrowers to do so), ratably according to their 
respective portions of the total Term Loans and Revolving Facility 
Commitments (or, if the Revolving Facility Commitments shall have 
terminated, in accordance the Revolving Facility Commitments in effect 
immediately prior to such termination) held on the
 
185

------------------------------------------------------------------------
date on which indemnification is sought, from and against any and all 
liabilities, obligations, losses, damages, penalties, actions, judgments, 
suits, costs, expenses or disbursements of any kind whatsoever that may at 
any time (including at any time following the payment of the Loans) be 
imposed on, incurred by or asserted against the Administrative Agent or the 
Collateral Agent in any way relating to or arising out of the Commitments, 
this Agreement, any of the other Loan Documents, or any documents 
contemplated by or referred to herein or therein or the transactions 
contemplated hereby or thereby or any action taken or omitted by the 
Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent under or in connection with 
any of the foregoing, provided that no Lender shall be liable for the 
payment of any portion of such liabilities, obligations, losses, damages, 
penalties, actions, judgments, suits, costs, expenses or disbursements 
resulting from the Administrative Agent’s or the Collateral Agent’s gross 
negligence or willful misconduct as determined by a final judgment of a 
court of competent jurisdiction. The agreements in this Section 8.07 shall 
survive the payment of the Loans and all other amounts payable hereunder.

SECTION 8.08.    Agents in their Individual Capacity. The Administrative 
Agent, the Collateral Agent and their Affiliates may make loans to, accept 
deposits from and generally engage in any kind of business with any Loan 
Party as though such persons were not the Administrative Agent and 
Collateral Agent hereunder and under the other Loan Documents. With respect 
to the Loans made by it, the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent 
shall each have the same rights and powers under this Agreement and the 
other Loan Documents as any Lender and may exercise the same as though it 
were not the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent, and the terms 
“Lender” and “Lenders” shall include the Administrative Agent and the 
Collateral Agent in their individual capacities.

SECTION 8.09.    Successor Agents. Each of the Administrative Agent and 
Collateral Agent may at any time give notice of its resignation to the 
Lenders, the L/C Issuer and the Borrowers. Upon receipt of any such notice 
of resignation, the Required Lenders shall have the right, subject to the 
reasonable consent of the Borrowers so long as no Event of Default under 
Section 7.01(h) or (i) is continuing, to appoint a successor, which shall 
be a bank with an office in the United States, or an Affiliate of any such 
bank with an office in the United States. If no such successor shall have 
been so appointed by the Required Lenders and shall have accepted such 
appointment within 30 days after the retiring Agent gives notice of its 
resignation, then the retiring Agent may on behalf of the Lenders and the 
L/C Issuer, appoint a successor Agent meeting the qualifications set forth 
above; provided that if the retiring Agent shall notify the Borrowers and 
the Lenders that no qualifying person has accepted such appointment, then 
such resignation shall nonetheless become effective in accordance with such 
notice and (1) the retiring Agent shall be discharged from its duties and 
obligations hereunder and under the other Loan Documents (except in the 
case of the Collateral Agent holding collateral security on behalf of any 
Secured Parties, the retiring Collateral Agent shall continue to hold such 
collateral security as nominee until such time as a successor Collateral 
Agent is appointed) and (2) all payments, communications and determinations 
provided to be made by, to or through such Agent shall instead be made by 
or to each Lender and the L/C Issuer directly, until such time as the 
Required Lenders appoint a successor Agent as provided for above in this 
Section. Upon the acceptance of a successor’s appointment as the 
Administrative Agent or Collateral Agent, as the case may be, hereunder, 
such successor shall succeed to and become vested with all of the rights, 
powers, privileges and duties of the retiring (or retired) Agent, and the 
retiring Agent shall be discharged from all of its duties and obligations 
hereunder or under the other Loan Documents (if not
 
186

------------------------------------------------------------------------
already discharged therefrom as provided above in this Section). The fees 
payable by the Borrowers (following the effectiveness of such appointment) 
to such Agent shall be the same as those payable to its predecessor unless 
otherwise agreed between the Borrowers and such successor. After the 
retiring Agent’s resignation hereunder and under the other Loan Documents, 
the provisions of this Article VIII and Section 9.05 shall continue in 
effect for the benefit of such retiring Agent, its sub-agents and their 
respective Related Parties in respect of any actions taken or omitted to be 
taken by any of them while the retiring Agent was acting as an Agent.

Any resignation by Citibank as Administrative Agent pursuant to this 
Section shall also constitute its resignation as L/C Issuer and Swingline 
Lender. Upon the acceptance of a successor’s appointment as Administrative 
Agent hereunder, (a) such successor shall succeed to and become vested with 
all of the rights, powers, privileges and duties of the retiring L/C Issuer 
and Swingline Lender, (b) the retiring L/C Issuer and Swingline Lender 
shall be discharged from all of their respective duties and obligations 
hereunder or under the other Loan Documents, and (c) the successor L/C 
Issuer shall issue letters of credit in substitution for the Letters of 
Credit, if any, outstanding at the time of such succession or make other 
arrangements satisfactory to the retiring L/C Issuer to effectively assume 
the obligations of the retiring L/C Issuer with respect to such Letters of 
Credit.

SECTION 8.10.    Payments Set Aside. To the extent that any payment by or 
on behalf of the Borrowers is made to the Administrative Agent, the L/C 
Issuer or any Lender, or the Administrative Agent, the L/C Issuer or any 
Lender exercises its right of setoff, and such payment or the proceeds of 
such setoff or any part thereof is subsequently invalidated, declared to be 
fraudulent or preferential, set aside or required (including pursuant to 
any settlement entered into by the Administrative Agent, the L/C Issuer or 
such Lender in its discretion) to be repaid to a trustee, receiver or any 
other party, in connection with any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law 
or otherwise, then (a) to the extent of such recovery, the obligation or 
part thereof originally intended to be satisfied shall be revived and 
continued in full force and effect as if such payment had not been made or 
such setoff had not occurred, and (b) each Lender and the L/C Issuer 
severally agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent upon demand its 
applicable share (without duplication) of any amount so recovered from or 
repaid by the Administrative Agent, plus interest thereon from the date of 
such demand to the date such payment is made at a rate per annum equal to 
the applicable Overnight Rate from time to time in effect, in the 
applicable currency of such recovery or payment. The obligations of the 
Lenders and the L/C Issuer under clause (b) of the preceding sentence shall 
survive the payment in full of the Obligations and the termination of this 
Agreement.

SECTION 8.11.    Administrative Agent May File Proofs of Claim. In case of 
the pendency of any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law or any other 
judicial proceeding relative to any Loan Party, the Administrative Agent 
(irrespective of whether the principal of any Loan or L/C Obligation shall 
then be due and payable as herein expressed or by declaration or otherwise 
and irrespective of whether the Administrative Agent shall have made any 
demand on any Borrower) shall be entitled and empowered, by intervention in 
such proceeding or otherwise

(i)    to file and prove a claim for the whole amount of the principal and 
interest owing and unpaid in respect of the Loans, L/C Obligations and all 
other Obligations that
 
187

------------------------------------------------------------------------
are owing and unpaid and to file such other documents as may be necessary 
or advisable in order to have the claims of the Lenders, the L/C Issuer and 
the Administrative Agent (including any claim for the reasonable 
compensation, expenses, disbursements and advances of the Lenders, the L/C 
Issuer and the Administrative Agent and their respective agents and counsel 
and all other amounts due the Lenders, the L/C Issuer and the 
Administrative Agent under Article II or Section 9.05) allowed in such 
judicial proceeding; and

(ii)    to collect and receive any monies or other property payable or 
deliverable on any such claims and to distribute the same;

and any custodian, receiver, assignee, trustee, liquidator, sequestrator or 
other similar official in any such judicial proceeding is hereby authorized 
by each Lender and the L/C Issuer to make such payments to the 
Administrative Agent and, if the Administrative Agent shall consent to the 
making of such payments directly to the Lenders and the L/C Issuer, to pay 
to the Administrative Agent any amount due for the reasonable compensation, 
expenses, disbursements and advances of the Administrative Agent and its 
agents and counsel, and any other amounts due the Administrative Agent 
under Article II and Section 9.05.

Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to authorize the Administrative 
Agent to authorize or consent to or accept or adopt on behalf of any Lender 
or the L/C Issuer any plan of reorganization, arrangement, adjustment or 
composition affecting the Obligations or the rights of any Lender or the 
L/C Issuer to authorize the Administrative Agent to vote in respect of the 
claim of any Lender or the L/C Issuer or in any such proceeding.

SECTION 8.12.    Collateral and Guaranty Matters. The Lenders and the L/C 
Issuer irrevocably authorize the Collateral Agent, at its option and in its 
discretion, to release any Lien on any property granted to or held by the 
Collateral Agent under any Loan Document if approved, authorized or 
ratified in writing in accordance with Section 9.08, or pursuant to Section 
5.11 or Section 9.18. Upon request by the Collateral Agent at any time, the 
Required Lenders will confirm in writing the Collateral Agent’s authority 
to release its interest in particular types or items of property in 
accordance with this Section.

SECTION 8.13.    Agents and Arrangers. None of the Syndication Agents, the 
Documentation Agents nor any of the Co-Lead Arrangers shall have any duties 
or responsibilities hereunder in its capacity as such.

SECTION 8.14.    First Lien Intercreditor Agreement and Collateral Matters
. The Lenders hereby agree to the terms of the First Lien Intercreditor 
Agreement and acknowledge that Citibank (and any successor Collateral Agent 
under the Security Documents and the First Lien Intercreditor Agreement) 
will be serving as Collateral Agent for both the Secured Parties and the 
other First Lien Secured Parties under the Security Documents and the First 
Lien Intercreditor Agreement. Each Lender hereby consents to Citibank and 
any successor serving in such capacity and agrees not to assert any claim 
(including as a result of any conflict of interest) against Citibank, or 
any such successor, arising from the role of the Collateral Agent under the 
Security Documents or the First Lien Intercreditor Agreement so long as the 
Collateral Agent is either acting in accordance with the express terms of 
such documents or otherwise has
 
188

------------------------------------------------------------------------
not engaged in gross negligence or willful misconduct. Each Borrower and 
each Lender hereby agrees that the resignation provisions set forth in the 
First Lien Intercreditor Agreement with respect to the Collateral Agent 
shall supersede any provision of this Agreement to the contrary. In 
addition, the Administrative Agent and Collateral Agent shall be authorized 
from time to time, without the consent of any Lender, to execute or to 
enter into amendments of, and amendments and restatements of, the First 
Lien Intercreditor Agreement, the Second Lien Intercreditor Agreement 
and/or any additional and replacement intercreditor agreements, in each 
case in order to effect the pari passu treatment or the subordination of 
and to provide for certain additional rights, obligations and limitations 
in respect of, any Liens required or permitted by the terms of this 
Agreement to be Liens pari passu with or junior to the Obligations, that 
are, in each case, incurred in accordance with Article VI of this 
Agreement, and to establish certain relative rights as between the holders 
of the Obligations and the holders of the Indebtedness secured by such 
Liens.

SECTION 8.15.    Withholding Tax. To the extent required by any applicable 
laws, the Administrative Agent may withhold from any payment to any Lender 
an amount equivalent to any applicable withholding Tax. Without limiting or 
expanding the provisions of Section 2.17, each Lender shall indemnify and 
hold harmless the Administrative Agent against, and shall make payable in 
respect thereof within 10 days after demand therefor, any and all Taxes and 
any and all related losses, claims, liabilities and expenses (including 
fees, charges and disbursements of any counsel for the Administrative 
Agent) incurred by or asserted against the Administrative Agent by the IRS 
or any other Governmental Authority as a result of the failure of the 
Administrative Agent to properly withhold Tax from amounts paid to or for 
the account of such Lender for any reason (including, without limitation, 
because the appropriate form was not delivered or not properly executed, or 
because such Lender failed to notify the Administrative Agent of a change 
in circumstance that rendered the exemption from, or reduction of, 
withholding Tax ineffective). A certificate as to the amount of such 
payment or liability delivered to any Lender by the Administrative Agent 
shall be conclusive absent manifest error. Each Lender hereby authorizes 
the Administrative Agent to set off and apply any and all amounts at any 
time owing to such Lender under this Agreement or any other Loan Document 
against any amount due the Administrative Agent under this Section 8.15. 
The agreements in this Section 8.15 shall survive the resignation and/or 
replacement of the Administrative Agent, any assignment of rights by, or 
the replacement of, a Lender, the termination of the Commitments and the 
repayment, satisfaction or discharge of all other Obligations. For the 
avoidance of doubt, the term “Lender” shall, for purposes of this Section 
8.15, include any L/C Issuer.


ARTICLE IX
Miscellaneous

SECTION 9.01.    Notices; Communications.

(a)    Except in the case of notices and other communications expressly 
permitted to be given by telephone (and except as provided in Section 
9.01(b) below), all notices and other communications provided for herein 
shall be in writing and shall be delivered by hand or overnight courier 
service, mailed by certified or registered mail or sent by facsimile or 
electronic email as follows, and all notices and other communications 
expressly permitted hereunder to be given by telephone shall be made to the 
applicable telephone number, as follows:
 
189

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(i)    if to any Loan Party, the Administrative Agent, the L/C Issuer or 
the Swingline Lender, to the address, facsimile number, electronic mail 
address or telephone number specified for such person on Schedule 9.01; and

(ii)    if to any other Lender, to the address, facsimile number, 
electronic mail address or telephone number specified in its Administrative 
Questionnaire.

(b)    Notices and other communications to the Lenders and the L/C Issuer 
hereunder may be delivered or furnished by electronic communication 
(including e-mail and Internet or intranet websites) pursuant to procedures 
approved by the Administrative Agent; provided that the foregoing shall not 
apply to notices to any Lender or the L/C Issuer pursuant to Article II if 
such Lender or the L/C Issuer, as applicable, has notified the 
Administrative Agent that it is incapable of receiving notices under such 
Article by electronic communication. Any of the Administrative Agent or the 
Borrowers may, in its discretion, agree to accept notices and other 
communications to it hereunder by electronic communications pursuant to 
procedures approved by it, provided that approval of such procedures may be 
limited to particular notices or communications.

(c)    Notices sent by hand or overnight courier service, or mailed by 
certified or registered mail, shall be deemed to have been given when 
received. Notices sent by electronic means shall be deemed to have been 
given when sent (except that, if not given during normal business hours for 
the recipient, shall be deemed to have been given at the opening of 
business on the next business day for the recipient). Notices or 
communications (i) sent to an e-mail address shall be deemed received when 
delivered and (ii) posted to an Internet or intranet website shall be 
deemed received upon the deemed receipt by the intended recipient at its 
e-mail address as described in the foregoing clause (i) of notification 
that such notice or communication is available and identifying the website 
address therefore.

(d)    Any party hereto may change its address or facsimile number for 
notices and other communications hereunder by notice to the other parties 
hereto. In addition, each Lender agrees to notify the Administrative Agent 
from time to time to ensure that the Administrative Agent has on record (i) 
an effective address, contact name, telephone number, facsimile number and 
electronic mail address to which notices and other communications may be 
sent and (ii) accurate wire instructions for such Lender.

(e)    Documents required to be delivered pursuant to Section 5.04 (to the 
extent any such documents are included in materials otherwise filed with 
the SEC) may be delivered electronically (including as set forth in Section 
9.17) and if so delivered, shall be deemed to have been delivered on the 
date (i) on which the Company posts such documents, or provides a link 
thereto on the Company’s website(s) on the Internet at the website(s) 
address listed on Schedule 9.01, or (ii) on which such documents are posted 
on the Company’s behalf on an Internet or intranet website, if any, to 
which each Lender and the Administrative Agent have access (whether a 
commercial, third-party website or whether sponsored by the Administrative 
Agent); provided, that (A) the Company shall deliver paper copies of such 
documents to the
 
190

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Administrative Agent or any Lender that requests the Company to deliver 
such paper copies until a written request to cease delivering paper copies 
is given by the Administrative Agent or such Lender, and (B) the Company 
shall notify the Administrative Agent (by facsimile or electronic mail) of 
the posting of any such documents and provide to the Administrative Agent 
by electronic mail electronic versions (i.e., soft copies) of such 
documents. Except for certificates required by Section 5.04(c), the 
Administrative Agent shall have no obligation to request the delivery or to 
maintain copies of the documents referred to above, and in any event shall 
have no responsibility to monitor compliance by the Company with any such 
request for delivery, and each Lender shall be solely responsible for 
requesting delivery to it or maintaining its copies of such documents.

SECTION 9.02.    Survival of Agreement. All covenants, agreements, 
representations and warranties made by the Loan Parties herein, in the 
other Loan Documents and in the certificates or other instruments prepared 
or delivered in connection with or pursuant to this Agreement or any other 
Loan Document shall be considered to have been relied upon by the Lenders 
and each L/C Issuer and shall survive the making by the Lenders of the 
Loans, the execution and delivery of the Loan Documents and the issuance of 
the Letters of Credit, regardless of any investigation made by such persons 
or on their behalf, and shall continue in full force and effect until the 
Termination Date. Without prejudice to the survival of any other agreements 
contained herein, indemnification and reimbursement obligations contained 
herein (including pursuant to Sections 2.15, 2.17, 8.07 and 9.05) shall 
survive the Termination Date.

SECTION 9.03.    Binding Effect. This Agreement shall become effective when 
it shall have been executed by the Borrowers and the Administrative Agent 
and when the Administrative Agent shall have received copies hereof which, 
when taken together, bear the signatures of each of the other parties 
hereto, and thereafter shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of 
the Borrowers, each L/C Issuer, the Administrative Agent, the Collateral 
Agent and each Lender and their respective permitted successors and 
assigns.

SECTION 9.04.    Successors and Assigns.

(a)    The provisions of this Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to 
the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and 
assigns permitted hereby (including any affiliate of the L/C Issuer that 
issues any Letter of Credit), except that (i) no Borrower may assign or 
otherwise transfer any of its rights or obligations hereunder without the 
prior written consent of each Lender (and any attempted assignment or 
transfer by a Borrower without such consent shall be null and void) except 
in connection with the addition of one or more Domestic Subsidiaries as a 
joint and several co-borrower hereunder and in connection with the 
Post-Closing Restructuring Transaction or transactions permitted by Section 
6.05(b), and (ii) no Lender may assign or otherwise transfer its rights or 
obligations hereunder except in accordance with this Section 9.04. Nothing 
in this Agreement, expressed or implied, shall be construed to confer upon 
any person (other than the parties hereto, their respective successors and 
assigns permitted hereby (including any Affiliate of the L/C Issuer that 
issues any Letter of Credit), Participants (to the extent provided in 
clause (c) of this Section 9.04), and, to the extent expressly contemplated 
hereby, the Related Parties of each of the Agents, the L/C Issuer and the 
Lenders) any legal or equitable right, remedy or claim under or by reason 
of this Agreement or the other Loan Documents.
 
191

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(b)    (i) Subject to the conditions set forth in clause (b)(ii) below, any 
Lender may assign to one or more assignees (each, an “Assignee”) all or a 
portion of its rights and obligations under this Agreement (including all 
or a portion of its Commitments and the Loans at the time owing to it) with 
the prior written consent (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld) 
of:

(A)    the Company; provided, that no consent of the Company shall be 
required (i) for an assignment of a Term Loan to a Lender, an affiliate of 
a Lender or an Approved Fund, (ii) for an assignment of a Revolving 
Facility Commitment to a Revolving Facility Lender, an affiliate of a 
Revolving Facility Lender or an Approved Fund with respect to a Revolving 
Facility Lender, (iii) in the case of assignments during the primary 
syndication of the Commitments and Loans, for an assignment to persons 
identified to and agreed by the Company in writing prior to the Closing 
Date or (iv) if an Event of Default under Section 7.01(b), (c), (h) or (i) 
has occurred and is continuing, any other person;

(B)    the Administrative Agent; provided, that no consent of the 
Administrative Agent shall be required for an assignment of all or any 
portion of a Term Loan to a Lender, an Affiliate of a Lender or an Approved 
Fund; and

(C)    the L/C Issuer and the Swingline Lender; provided, that no consent 
of the L/C Issuer and the Swingline Lender shall be required for an 
assignment of all or any portion of a Term Loan.

(ii)    Assignments shall be subject to the following additional 
conditions:

(A)    except in the case of an assignment to a Lender, an affiliate of a 
Lender or an Approved Fund or an assignment of the entire remaining amount 
of the assigning Lender’s Commitments or Loans under any Facility, the 
amount of the Commitments or Loans of the assigning Lender subject to each 
such assignment (determined as of the date the Assignment and Acceptance 
with respect to such assignment is delivered to the Administrative Agent) 
shall not be less than (x) $1.0 million in the case of Term Loans (and 
shall be in an amount of an integral multiple thereof) and (y) $5.0 million 
in the case of Revolving Facility Loans or Revolving Facility Commitments, 
unless each of the Company and the Administrative Agent otherwise consent; 
provided, that (1) no such consent of the Company shall be required if an 
Event of Default under Section 7.01(b), (c), (h) or (i) has occurred and is 
continuing and (2) such amounts shall be aggregated in respect of each 
Lender and its Affiliates or Approved Funds (with simultaneous assignments 
to or by two or more Related Funds shall be treated as one assignment), if 
any;

(B)    the parties to each assignment shall execute and deliver to the 
Administrative Agent an Assignment and Acceptance via an electronic 
settlement system acceptable to the Administrative Agent (or, if required 
by the Administrative Agent, manually), and shall pay to the Administrative 
Agent a processing and recordation fee of $3,500 (which fee may be waived 
or reduced in the sole discretion of the Administrative Agent);
 
192

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(C)    the Assignee, if it shall not be a Lender, shall deliver to the 
Administrative Agent an Administrative Questionnaire and any tax forms 
required to be delivered pursuant to Section 2.17; and

(D)    each partial assignment shall be made as an assignment of a 
proportionate part of all the assigning Lender’s rights and obligations 
under this Agreement with respect to the Loans or the Commitment assigned, 
except that this clause (ii) shall not apply to the Swingline Lender’s 
rights and obligations in respect of Swingline Loans.

For the purposes of this Section 9.04, “Approved Fund” means any person 
(other than a natural person) that is engaged in making, purchasing, 
holding or investing in bank loans and similar extensions of credit in the 
ordinary course and that is administered or managed by (a) a Lender, (b) an 
Affiliate of a Lender or (c) an entity or an Affiliate of an entity that 
administers or manages a Lender.

(iii)    Subject to acceptance and recording thereof pursuant to paragraph 
(b)(v) below, from and after the effective date specified in each 
Assignment and Acceptance the Assignee thereunder shall be a party hereto 
and, to the extent of the interest assigned by such Assignment and 
Acceptance, have the rights and obligations of a Lender under this 
Agreement, and the assigning Lender thereunder shall, to the extent of the 
interest assigned by such Assignment and Acceptance, be released from its 
obligations under this Agreement (and, in the case of an Assignment and 
Acceptance covering all of the assigning Lender’s rights and obligations 
under this Agreement, such Lender shall cease to be a party hereto but 
shall continue to be entitled to the benefits of Sections 2.15, 2.16, 2.17 
and 9.05. Any assignment or transfer by a Lender of rights or obligations 
under this Agreement that does not comply with this Section 9.04 shall be 
treated for purposes of this Agreement as a sale by such Lender of a 
participation in such rights and obligations in accordance with clause (c) 
of this Section 9.04.

(iv)    The Administrative Agent, acting for this purpose as an agent of 
the Borrowers, shall maintain at one of its offices a copy of each 
Assignment and Acceptance delivered to it and a register for the 
recordation of the names and addresses of the Lenders, and the Commitments 
of, and principal amount of the Loans and L/C Obligations owing to, each 
Lender pursuant to the terms hereof from time to time (the “Register”). The 
entries in the Register shall be conclusive, and the Borrowers, the 
Administrative Agent, the L/C Issuer and the Lenders shall treat each 
person whose name is recorded in the Register pursuant to the terms hereof 
as a Lender hereunder for all purposes of this Agreement, notwithstanding 
notice to the contrary. The Register shall be available for inspection by 
the Company, the L/C Issuer and any Lender, at any reasonable time and from 
time to time upon reasonable prior notice.

(v)    Upon its receipt of a duly completed Assignment and Acceptance 
executed by an assigning Lender and an Assignee, the Assignee’s completed 
Administrative Questionnaire (unless the Assignee shall already be a Lender 
hereunder), all applicable tax forms, the processing and recordation fee 
referred to in clause (b) of this Section and any written consent to such 
assignment required by clause (b) of this Section, the Administrative Agent 
promptly shall accept such Assignment and Acceptance and record the 
information contained therein in the Register. No assignment, whether or 
not evidenced by a promissory note, shall be effective for purposes of this 
Agreement unless it has been recorded in the Register as provided in this 
clause (b)(v).
 
193

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(c)    (i) Any Lender may, without the consent of the Company or the 
Administrative Agent, sell participations to one or more banks or other 
entities (a “Participant”) in all or a portion of such Lender’s rights and 
obligations under this Agreement (including all or a portion of its 
Commitments and the Loans owing to it); provided, that (A) such Lender’s 
obligations under this Agreement shall remain unchanged, (B) such Lender 
shall remain solely responsible to the other parties hereto for the 
performance of such obligations and (C) the Borrowers, the Administrative 
Agent, the L/C Issuer and the other Lenders shall continue to deal solely 
and directly with such Lender in connection with such Lender’s rights and 
obligations under this Agreement. Any agreement pursuant to which a Lender 
sells such a participation shall provide that such Lender shall retain the 
sole right to enforce this Agreement and the other Loan Documents and to 
approve any amendment, modification or waiver of any provision of this 
Agreement and the other Loan Documents; provided, that (x) such agreement 
may provide that such Lender will not, without the consent of the 
Participant, agree to any amendment, modification or waiver that (1) 
requires the consent of each Lender directly affected thereby pursuant to 
clause (i), (ii), (iii) or (vi) of the first proviso to Section 9.08(b) and 
(2) directly affects such Participant and (y) no other agreement with 
respect to amendment, modification or waiver may exist between such Lender 
and such Participant. Subject to Section 9.04(c)(ii), the Borrowers agree 
that each Participant shall be entitled to the benefits of Sections 2.15, 
2.16 and 2.17 (subject to the limitations and requirements of those 
Sections and to the extent such Participant complies with Section 2.17(e) 
and (f) as though it were a Lender) to the same extent as if it were a 
Lender and had acquired its interest by assignment pursuant to paragraph 
(b) of this Section 9.04. To the extent permitted by law, each Participant 
also shall be entitled to the benefits of Section 9.06 as though it were a 
Lender, provided such Participant agrees to be subject to Section 2.18(c) 
as though it were a Lender.

(ii)     Each Lender that sells a participation shall, acting solely for 
this purpose as a non-fiduciary agent of the Borrowers, maintain a register 
on which it enters the name and address of each Participant and the 
principal and interest amount of each Participant’s interest in the Loans 
held by it (the “Participant Register”). The entries in the Participant 
Register shall be conclusive, and such Lender shall treat each person whose 
name is recorded in the Participant Register as the owner of the 
participation in question for all purposes of this Agreement, 
notwithstanding notice to the contrary; provided that no Lender shall have 
any obligation to disclose all or any portion of a Participant Register to 
any Person (including the identity of any Participant or any information 
relating to a Participant’s interest in any Commitments, Loans or other 
Obligations under any Loan Document) except to the extent that such 
disclosure is necessary to establish that such Commitment, Loan or other 
Obligation is in registered form for U.S. federal income tax purposes or 
such disclosure is otherwise required by applicable law.

(iii)     A Participant shall not be entitled to receive any greater 
payment under Section 2.15, 2.16 or 2.17 than the applicable Lender would 
have been entitled to receive with respect to the participation sold to 
such Participant, unless the sale of the participation to such Participant 
is made with the Borrowers’ prior written consent (not to be unreasonably 
withheld), which consent shall state that it is being given pursuant to 
this Section 9.04(c)(iii); provided that each potential Participant shall 
provide such information as is reasonably requested by the Borrowers in 
order for the Borrowers to determine whether to provide their consent.
 
194

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(d)    Any Lender may at any time pledge or assign a security interest in 
all or any portion of its rights under this Agreement to secure obligations 
of such Lender, including any pledge or assignment to secure obligations to 
a Federal Reserve Bank and in the case of any Lender that is an Approved 
Fund, any pledge or assignment to any holders of obligations owed, or 
securities issued, by such Lender, including to any trustee for, or any 
other representative of, such holders, and this Section 9.04 shall not 
apply to any such pledge or assignment of a security interest; provided, 
that no such pledge or assignment of a security interest shall release a 
Lender from any of its obligations hereunder or substitute any such pledgee 
or Assignee for such Lender as a party hereto.

(e)    The Borrowers, upon receipt of written notice from the relevant 
Lender, agree to issue Notes to any Lender requiring Notes to facilitate 
transactions of the type described in paragraph (d) above.

(f)    Notwithstanding the foregoing, any Conduit Lender may assign any or 
all of the Loans it may have funded hereunder to its designating Lender 
without the consent of the Borrowers or the Administrative Agent. Each of 
the Borrowers, each Lender and the Administrative Agent hereby confirms 
that it will not institute against a Conduit Lender or join any other 
person in instituting against a Conduit Lender any bankruptcy, 
reorganization, arrangement, insolvency or liquidation proceeding under any 
state bankruptcy or similar law, for one year and one day after the payment 
in full of the latest maturing commercial paper note issued by such Conduit 
Lender; provided, however, that each Lender designating any Conduit Lender 
hereby agrees to indemnify, save and hold harmless each other party hereto 
and each Loan Party for any loss, cost, damage or expense arising out of 
its inability to institute such a proceeding against such Conduit Lender 
during such period of forbearance.

(g)    If any Borrower wishes to replace the Loans or Commitments under any 
Facility with ones having different terms, it shall have the option, with 
the consent of the Administrative Agent and subject to at least three 
Business Days’ advance notice to the Lenders under such Facility, instead 
of prepaying the Loans or reducing or terminating the Commitments to be 
replaced, to (i) require the Lenders under such Facility to assign such 
Loans or Commitments to the Administrative Agent or its designees and (ii) 
amend the terms thereof in accordance with Section 9.08 (with such 
replacement, if applicable, being deemed to have been made pursuant to 
Section 9.08(d)). Pursuant to any such assignment, all Loans and 
Commitments to be replaced shall be purchased at par (allocated among the 
Lenders under such Facility in the same manner as would be required if such 
Loans were being optionally prepaid or such Commitments were being 
optionally reduced or terminated by any Borrower), accompanied by payment 
of any accrued interest and fees thereon and any amounts owing pursuant to 
Section 9.05(b). By receiving such purchase price, the Lenders under such 
Facility shall automatically be deemed to have assigned the Loans or 
Commitments under such Facility pursuant to the terms of the form of 
Assignment and Acceptance attached hereto as Exhibit A, and accordingly no 
other action by such Lenders shall be required in connection therewith. The 
provisions of this paragraph (g) are intended to facilitate the maintenance 
of the perfection and priority of existing security interests in the 
Collateral during any such replacement.
 
195

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(h)    Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, no assignment may 
be made or participations sold to (x) an Ineligible Institution, (y) any 
Defaulting Lender or any of its Subsidiaries, or any person who, upon 
becoming a Lender hereunder, would constitute any of the foregoing persons 
described in this clause (h), or (z) a natural person; provided, however, 
that, notwithstanding clause (x) above, participations may be sold to 
Ineligible Institutions unless a list of Ineligible Institutions has been 
made available to all Lenders. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary 
herein, the rights of the Lenders to make assignments and grant 
participations shall be subject to the approval of any Gaming Authority, to 
the extent required by applicable Gaming Laws.

(i)    Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in Section 2.08, Section 
2.11(a) or Section 2.18(c) (which provisions shall not be applicable to 
clauses (i) or (j) of this Section 9.04), any Borrower may purchase by way 
of assignment and become an Assignee with respect to Term Loans and/or 
Revolving Facility Loans (other than any such Loans held by an Affiliate 
Lender) at any time and from time to time from Lenders in accordance with 
Section 9.04(b) hereof or reduce the aggregate amount of any Revolving 
Facility Commitment of a Lender that has agreed to such reduction (“
Permitted Loan Purchases”); provided that (A) no Default or Event of 
Default has occurred and is continuing or would result from the Permitted 
Loan Purchase, (B) upon consummation of any such Permitted Loan Purchase, 
the Loans and/or Revolving Facility Commitments purchased or terminated 
pursuant thereto shall be deemed to be automatically and immediately 
cancelled and extinguished in accordance with Section 9.04(j), (C) to the 
extent any Borrower is making a Permitted Loan Purchase of Revolving 
Facility Loans or Revolving Facility Commitments, upon giving effect to 
such Permitted Loan Purchase, there shall be sufficient aggregate Revolving 
Facility Commitments among the Revolving Facility Lenders to apply to the 
Outstanding Amount of the L/C Obligations and Swingline Loans thereunder as 
of such date, unless such Borrower shall concurrently with the payment of 
the purchase price by such Borrower for such Revolving Facility Loans or 
the termination of such Revolving Facility Commitments, deposit cash 
collateral in an account with the Administrative Agent pursuant to Section 
2.05(g) in the amount of any such excess Outstanding Amount of the L/C 
Obligations and Swingline Loans thereunder and (D) in connection with any 
such Permitted Loan Purchase (other than a termination of Revolving 
Facility Commitments), such Borrower and such Lender that is the Assignor 
shall execute and deliver to the Administrative Agent a Permitted Loan 
Purchase Assignment and Acceptance (and for the avoidance of doubt, shall 
not be required to execute and deliver an Assignment and Acceptance 
pursuant to Section 9.04(b)(ii)(B)) and shall otherwise comply with the 
conditions to Assignments under this Section 9.04.

(j)    Each Permitted Loan Purchase shall, for purposes of this Agreement 
(including, without limitation, Section 2.08(b)) be deemed to be an 
automatic and immediate cancellation and extinguishment of such Term Loans 
and/or Revolving Facility Loans (with a corresponding permanent reduction 
in Revolving Facility Commitments) or termination of the Revolving Facility 
Commitments, if applicable, and the Borrowers shall, upon consummation of 
any Permitted Loan Purchase, notify the Administrative Agent that the 
Register be updated to record such event as if it were a prepayment of such 
Loans (and in the case of Revolving Facility Loans or Revolving Facility 
Commitment, a permanent reduction in Revolving Facility Commitments).
 
196

------------------------------------------------------------------------
SECTION 9.05.    Expenses; Indemnity.

(a)    The Borrowers agree to pay (i) all reasonable documented 
out-of-pocket expenses (including Other Taxes) incurred by the 
Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent and the Co-Lead Arrangers in 
connection with the preparation of this Agreement and the other Loan 
Documents, or in connection with the administration of this Agreement and 
any amendments, modifications or waivers of the provisions hereof or 
thereof, including the reasonable fees, charges and disbursements of Cahill 
Gordon & Reindel LLP, counsel for the Administrative Agent, the Collateral 
Agent and the Co-Lead Arrangers, and, if necessary, the reasonable fees, 
charges and disbursements of one local counsel per jurisdiction, and (ii) 
all out-of-pocket expenses (including Other Taxes) incurred by the Agents 
or any Lender in connection with the enforcement or protection of their 
rights in connection with this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, in 
connection with the Loans made or the Letters of Credit issued hereunder, 
including the reasonable fees, charges and disbursements of counsel for the 
Agents and the Lenders (including the reasonable fees, charges and 
disbursements of Cahill Gordon & Reindel LLP, counsel for the Agents and 
the Co-Lead Arrangers, and, if necessary, the reasonable fees, charges and 
disbursements of one local counsel per jurisdiction and, in the event of 
any conflict of interest, such additional counsel for each of the Lenders 
retained with the consent of the Company to the extent of such conflict of 
interests).

(b)    The Borrowers agree to indemnify the Administrative Agent, the 
Agents, the Co-Lead Arrangers, each L/C Issuer, each Lender, each of their 
respective Affiliates and each of their respective directors, partners, 
officers, employees, agents, trustees and advisors (each such person being 
called an “Indemnitee”) against, and to hold each Indemnitee harmless from, 
any and all losses, claims, damages, liabilities and related expenses, 
including reasonable counsel fees, charges and disbursements (limited to 
not more than one counsel, plus, if necessary, one local counsel per 
jurisdiction) (except the allocated costs of in-house counsel), incurred by 
or asserted against any Indemnitee arising out of, in any way connected 
with, or as a result of (i) the execution or delivery of this Agreement or 
any other Loan Document, or any agreement or instrument contemplated hereby 
or thereby, the performance by the parties hereto and thereto of their 
respective obligations thereunder or the consummation of or otherwise 
relating to the Transactions and the other transactions contemplated 
hereby, (ii) the use of the proceeds of the Loans or the use of any Letter 
of Credit or (iii) any claim, litigation, investigation or proceeding 
relating to any of the foregoing, whether or not any Indemnitee is a party 
thereto and regardless of whether such matter is initiated by a third party 
or by a Borrower or any of their subsidiaries or Affiliates; provided that 
such indemnity shall not, as to any Indemnitee, be available to the extent 
that such losses, claims, damages, liabilities or related expenses are 
determined by a final, non-appealable judgment of a court of competent 
jurisdiction to have resulted from (1) the gross negligence or willful 
misconduct of such Indemnitee (for purposes this proviso only, each of the 
Administrative Agent, any Co-Lead Arranger, any L/C Issuer or any Lender 
shall be treated as several and separate Indemnitees, but each of them 
together with its respective Related Parties (other than advisors), shall 
be treated as a single Indemnitee) or (2) any material breach of any Loan 
Document by such Indemnitee or (z) arose from any claim, actions, suits, 
inquiries, litigation, investigation or proceeding that does not involve an 
act or omission of any Borrower or any of its Affiliates and is brought by 
an Indemnitee against another Indemnitee (other than any claim, actions, 
suits, inquiries, litigation, investigation or proceeding against any Agent 
or an Arranger in its capacity as such). Subject to and without
 
197

------------------------------------------------------------------------
limiting the generality of the foregoing sentence, the Borrowers agree to 
indemnify each Indemnitee against, and hold each Indemnitee harmless from, 
any and all losses, claims, damages, liabilities and related expenses, 
including reasonable counsel or consultant fees, charges and disbursements 
(limited to not more than one counsel, plus, if necessary, one local 
counsel per jurisdiction) (except the allocated costs of in-house 
counsel), incurred by or asserted against any Indemnitee arising out of, in 
any way connected with, or as a result of (A) any claim or liability 
related in any way to Environmental Laws and a Borrower or any of the 
Subsidiaries, or (B) any actual or alleged presence, Release or threatened 
Release of Hazardous Materials at, under, on, from or to any Real Property; 
provided, that such indemnity shall not, as to any Indemnitee, be available 
to the extent that such losses, claims, damages, liabilities or related 
expenses are determined by a court of competent jurisdiction by final and 
nonappealable judgment to have resulted from (1) the gross negligence or 
willful misconduct of such Indemnitee or any of its Related Parties (other 
than advisors) or (2) any material breach of any Loan Document by such 
Indemnitee. None of the Indemnitees (or any of their respective affiliates) 
shall be responsible or liable to the Sponsors, any Borrower or any of 
their respective subsidiaries, Affiliates or stockholders or any other 
person or entity for any special, indirect, consequential or punitive 
damages, which may be alleged as a result of the Facilities or the 
Transactions. The provisions of this Section 9.05 shall remain operative 
and in full force and effect regardless of the expiration of the term of 
this Agreement, the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby, 
the repayment of any of the Obligations, the invalidity or unenforceability 
of any term or provision of this Agreement or any other Loan Document, or 
any investigation made by or on behalf of the Administrative Agent, any 
Co-Lead Arranger, any L/C Issuer or any Lender. All amounts due under this 
Section 9.05 shall be payable within fifteen (15) days of written demand 
therefor accompanied by reasonable documentation with respect to any 
reimbursement, indemnification or other amount requested.

(c)    Except as expressly provided in Section 9.05(a) with respect to 
Other Taxes, which shall not be duplicative of any amounts paid pursuant to 
Section 2.17, this Section 9.05 shall not apply to Taxes, except Taxes that 
represent damages or losses resulting from a non-Tax claim.

(d)    To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, the Borrowers 
shall not assert, and hereby waive, any claim against any Indemnitee, on 
any theory of liability, for special, indirect, consequential or punitive 
damages (as opposed to direct or actual damages) arising out of, in 
connection with, or as a result of, this Agreement, any other Loan Document 
or any agreement or instrument contemplated hereby, the transactions 
contemplated hereby or thereby, any Loan or Letter of Credit or the use of 
the proceeds thereof. No Indemnitee shall be liable for any damages arising 
from the use by unintended recipients of any information or other materials 
distributed by it through telecommunications, electronic or other 
information transmission systems in connection with this Agreement or the 
other Loan Documents or the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby.

(e)    The agreements in this Section 9.05 shall survive the resignation of 
the Administrative Agent, any L/C Issuer, the replacement of any Lender, 
the termination of the Commitments and the repayment, satisfaction or 
discharge of all the other Obligations and the termination of this 
Agreement.
 
198

------------------------------------------------------------------------
SECTION 9.06.    Right of Set-off. If an Event of Default shall have 
occurred and be continuing, each Lender and each L/C Issuer is hereby 
authorized at any time and from time to time, to the fullest extent 
permitted by law, to set off and apply any and all deposits (general or 
special, time or demand, provisional or final) at any time held and other 
indebtedness at any time owing by such Lender or such L/C Issuer to or for 
the credit or the account of any Borrower or any Subsidiary against any of 
and all the obligations of any Borrower now or hereafter existing under 
this Agreement or any other Loan Document held by such Lender or such L/C 
Issuer, irrespective of whether or not such Lender or such L/C Issuer shall 
have made any demand under this Agreement or such other Loan Document and 
although the obligations may be unmatured; provided, that in the event that 
any Defaulting Lender shall exercise any such right of setoff, (x) all 
amounts so set off shall be paid over immediately to the Administrative 
Agent for further application in accordance with the provisions of Section 
2.22 and, pending such payment, shall be segregated by such Defaulting 
Lender from its other funds and deemed held in trust for the benefit of the 
Administrative Agent and the Lenders, and (y) the Defaulting Lender shall 
provide promptly to the Administrative Agent a statement describing in 
reasonable detail the Obligations owing to such Defaulting Lender as to 
which it exercised such right of setoff. The rights of each Lender and each 
L/C Issuer under this Section 9.06 are in addition to other rights and 
remedies (including other rights of set-off) that such Lender or such L/C 
Issuer may have.

SECTION 9.07.    Applicable Law. THIS AGREEMENT AND THE OTHER LOAN 
DOCUMENTS (OTHER THAN AS EXPRESSLY SET FORTH IN OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS) SHALL 
BE CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH AND GOVERNED BY THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF 
NEW YORK.

SECTION 9.08.    Waivers; Amendment.

(a)    No failure or delay of the Administrative Agent, any L/C Issuer or 
any Lender in exercising any right or power hereunder or under any Loan 
Document shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial 
exercise of any such right or power, or any abandonment or discontinuance 
of steps to enforce such a right or power, preclude any other or further 
exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right or power. The rights 
and remedies of the Administrative Agent, each L/C Issuer and the Lenders 
hereunder and under the other Loan Documents are cumulative and are not 
exclusive of any rights or remedies that they would otherwise have. No 
waiver of any provision of this Agreement or any other Loan Document or 
consent to any departure by any Loan Party therefrom shall in any event be 
effective unless the same shall be permitted by clause (b) below, and then 
such waiver or consent shall be effective only in the specific instance and 
for the purpose for which given. No notice or demand on any Loan Party in 
any case shall entitle such person to any other or further notice or demand 
in similar or other circumstances.

(b)    Neither this Agreement nor any other Loan Document nor any provision 
hereof or thereof may be waived, amended or modified except (x) as provided 
in Section 2.21, (y) in the case of this Agreement, pursuant to an 
agreement or agreements in writing entered into by the Borrowers and the 
Administrative Agent (and consented to by the Required Lenders), and (z) in 
the case of any other Loan Document, pursuant to an agreement or agreements 
in writing entered into by each party thereto and consented to by the 
Required Lenders; provided, however, that no such agreement shall:
 
199

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(i)    decrease or forgive the principal amount of, or extend the final 
maturity of, or decrease the rate of interest on, any Loan or any L/C 
Obligation, or extend the stated expiration of any Letter of Credit beyond 
the applicable Revolving Facility Maturity Date (except as provided in 
Section 2.05(b)), without the prior written consent of each Lender directly 
adversely affected thereby (which, notwithstanding the foregoing, such 
consent of such Lender directly adversely affected thereby shall be the 
only consent required hereunder to make such modification); provided, that 
any amendment to the financial covenant definitions in this Agreement shall 
not constitute a reduction in the rate of interest for purposes of this 
clause (i),

(ii)    increase or extend the Commitment of any Lender or decrease the 
Commitment Fees or L/C Participation Fees or other fees of any Lender 
without the prior written consent of such Lender (which, notwithstanding 
the foregoing, such consent of such Lender shall be the only consent 
required hereunder to make such modification); provided, that waivers or 
modifications of conditions precedent, covenants, Defaults or Events of 
Default shall not constitute an increase of the Commitments of any Lender),

(iii)    extend or waive any Term Loan Installment Date or reduce the 
amount due on any Term Loan Installment Date or extend any date on which 
payment of interest on any Loan or any L/C Obligation or any Fees is due, 
without the prior written consent of each Lender directly adversely 
affected thereby (which, notwithstanding the foregoing, such consent of 
such Lender directly adversely affected thereby shall be the only consent 
required hereunder to make such modification),

(iv)    amend the provisions of Section 5.02 of the Collateral Agreement, 
or any analogous provision of any other Security Document, in a manner that 
would by its terms alter the pro rata sharing of payments required thereby, 
without the prior written consent of each Lender adversely affected thereby 
(which, notwithstanding the foregoing, such consent of such Lender directly 
adversely affected thereby shall be the only consent required hereunder to 
make such modification),

(v)    amend or modify the provisions of this Section 9.08 or the 
definition of the terms “Required Lenders,” “Majority Lenders” or any other 
provision hereof specifying the number or percentage of Lenders required to 
waive, amend or modify any rights hereunder or make any determination or 
grant any consent hereunder, without the prior written consent of each 
Lender adversely affected thereby (it being understood that, with the 
consent of the Required Lenders, additional extensions of credit pursuant 
to this Agreement may be included in the determination of the Required 
Lenders on substantially the same basis as the Loans and Commitments are 
included on the Closing Date),

(vi)    release all or substantially all the Collateral or release all or 
substantially all of the Subsidiary Loan Parties from their respective 
Guarantees under the Subsidiary Guarantee Agreement, unless, in the case of 
a Loan Party (other than the Company), all
 
200

------------------------------------------------------------------------
or substantially all of the Equity Interests of such Loan Party is sold or 
otherwise disposed of in a transaction permitted by this Agreement or the 
other Loan Documents or such release is otherwise pursuant to the terms of 
the Collateral Agreement or the Subsidiary Guarantee Agreement, as 
applicable, without the prior written consent of each Lender;

(vii)    effect any waiver, amendment or modification that by its terms 
adversely affects the rights in respect of payments or collateral of 
Lenders participating in any Facility differently from those of Lender 
participating in another Facility, without the consent of the Majority 
Lenders participating in the adversely affected Facility (it being agreed 
that the Required Lenders may waive, in whole or in part, any prepayment or 
Commitment reduction required by Section 2.11 so long as the application of 
any prepayment or Commitment reduction still required to be made is not 
changed);

provided, further, that no such amendment shall amend, modify or otherwise 
affect the rights or duties of the Administrative Agent, Swingline Lender 
or an L/C Issuer hereunder without the prior written consent of the 
Administrative Agent, Swingline Lender or such L/C Issuer acting as such at 
the effective date of such amendment, as applicable. Each Lender shall be 
bound by any waiver, amendment or modification authorized by this Section 
9.08 and any consent by any Lender pursuant to this Section 9.08 shall bind 
any successor or assignee of such Lender.

(c)    Without the consent of any Lender or L/C Issuer, the Loan Parties 
and the Administrative Agent or Collateral Agent may (in their respective 
sole discretion, or shall, to the extent required by any Loan Document) 
enter into any amendment, modification or waiver of any Loan Document, or 
enter into any new agreement or instrument, to effect the granting, 
perfection, protection, expansion or enhancement of any security interest 
in any Collateral or additional property to become Collateral for the 
benefit of the Secured Parties, or as required by local law to give effect 
to, or protect any security interest for the benefit of the Secured 
Parties, in any property or so that the security interests therein comply 
with applicable law or this Agreement or in each case to otherwise enhance 
the rights or benefits of any Lender under any Loan Document.

(d)    Notwithstanding the foregoing, this Agreement may be amended (or 
amended and restated) with the written consent of the Required Lenders, the 
Administrative Agent and the Borrowers (a) to add one or more additional 
credit facilities to this Agreement and to permit the extensions of credit 
from time to time outstanding thereunder and the accrued interest and fees 
in respect thereof to share ratably in the benefits of this Agreement and 
the other Loan Documents with the Term Loans and the Revolving Facility 
Loans and the accrued interest and fees in respect thereof and (b) to 
include appropriately the Lenders holding such credit facilities in any 
determination of the Required Lenders.

(e)    Notwithstanding the foregoing, technical and conforming 
modifications to the Loan Documents may be made with the consent of the 
Borrowers and the Administrative Agent (but without the consent of any 
Lender) to the extent necessary (A) to integrate any Incremental Term Loan 
Commitments or Incremental Revolving Facility Commitments in a manner 
consistent with Section 2.21, including, with respect to Other Revolving 
Loans or Other Term Loans, as may be necessary to establish such 
Incremental Term Loan Commitments or
 
201

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Revolving Facility Loans, as a separate Class or tranche from the existing 
Term Loan Commitments or Incremental Revolving Facility Commitments, as 
applicable or (B) to cure any ambiguity, omission, defect or inconsistency.

(f)    Each of the parties hereto hereby agrees that the Administrative 
Agent may take any and all action as may be necessary to ensure that all 
Term Loans established pursuant to Section 2.21 after the Closing Date that 
will be included in an existing Class of Term Loans outstanding on such 
date (an “Applicable Date”), when originally made, are included in each 
Borrowing of outstanding Term Loans of such Class (the “Existing Class 
Loans”), on a pro rata basis, and/or to ensure that, immediately after 
giving effect to such new Term Loans (the “New Class Loans” and, together 
with the Existing Class Loans, the “Class Loans”), each Lender holding 
Class Loans will be deemed to hold its Pro Rata Share of each Class Loan on 
the Applicable Date (but without changing the amount of any such Lender’s 
Term Loans), and each such Lender shall be deemed to have effectuated such 
assignments as shall be required to ensure the foregoing. The “Pro Rata 
Share” of any Lender on the Applicable Date is the ratio of (1) the sum of 
such Lender’s Existing Class Loans immediately prior to the Applicable Date 
plus the amount of New Class Loans made by such Lender on the Applicable 
Date over (2) the aggregate principal amount of all Class Loans on the 
Applicable Date.

(g)    With respect to the incurrence of any secured or unsecured 
Indebtedness (including any intercreditor agreement relating thereto), the 
Borrowers may elect (in its discretion, but shall not be obligated) to 
deliver to the Administrative Agent a certificate of a Responsible Officer 
at least three Business Days prior to the incurrence thereof (or such 
shorter time as the Administrative Agent may agree), together with either 
drafts of the material documentation relating to such Indebtedness or a 
description of such Indebtedness (including a description of the Liens 
intended to secure the same or the subordination provisions thereof, as 
applicable) in reasonably sufficient detail to be able to make the 
determinations referred to in this paragraph, which certificate shall 
either, at the Borrowers’ election, (x) state that the Borrowers have 
determined in good faith that such Indebtedness satisfies the requirements 
of the applicable provisions of Section 6.01 and 6.02 (taking into account 
any other applicable provisions of this Section 9.08), in which case such 
certificate shall be conclusive evidence thereof, or (y) request the 
Administrative Agent to confirm, based on the information set forth in such 
certificate and any other information reasonably requested by the 
Administrative Agent, that such Indebtedness satisfies such requirements, 
in which case the Administrative Agent may determine whether, in its 
reasonable judgment, such requirements have been satisfied (in which case 
it shall deliver to the Borrowers a written confirmation of the same), with 
any such determination of the Administrative Agent to be conclusive 
evidence thereof, and the Lenders hereby authorize the Administrative Agent 
to make such determinations.

SECTION 9.09.    Interest Rate Limitation. Notwithstanding anything herein 
to the contrary, if at any time the applicable interest rate, together with 
all fees and charges that are treated as interest under applicable law 
(collectively, the “Charges”), as provided for herein or in any other 
document executed in connection herewith, or otherwise contracted for, 
charged, received, taken or reserved by any Lender or any L/C Issuer, shall 
exceed the maximum lawful rate (the “Maximum Rate”) that may be contracted 
for, charged, taken, received or reserved by such Lender in accordance with 
applicable law, the rate of interest payable hereunder, together
 
202

------------------------------------------------------------------------
with all Charges payable to such Lender or such L/C Issuer, shall be 
limited to the Maximum Rate; provided, that such excess amount shall be 
paid to such Lender or such L/C Issuer on subsequent payment dates to the 
extent not exceeding the legal limitation.

SECTION 9.10.    Entire Agreement. This Agreement, the other Loan Documents 
and the agreements regarding certain Fees referred to herein constitute the 
entire contract between the parties relative to the subject matter hereof. 
Any previous agreement among or representations from the parties or their 
Affiliates with respect to the subject matter hereof is superseded by this 
Agreement and the other Loan Documents. Nothing in this Agreement or in the 
other Loan Documents, expressed or implied, is intended to confer upon any 
party other than the parties hereto and thereto any rights, remedies, 
obligations or liabilities under or by reason of this Agreement or the 
other Loan Documents.

SECTION 9.11.    WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL. EACH PARTY HERETO HEREBY WAIVES, TO 
THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO A 
TRIAL BY JURY IN RESPECT OF ANY LITIGATION DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY ARISING 
OUT OF, UNDER OR IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OF THE OTHER LOAN 
DOCUMENTS. EACH PARTY HERETO (A) CERTIFIES THAT NO REPRESENTATIVE, AGENT OR 
ATTORNEY OF ANY OTHER PARTY HAS REPRESENTED, EXPRESSLY OR OTHERWISE, THAT 
SUCH OTHER PARTY WOULD NOT, IN THE EVENT OF LITIGATION, SEEK TO ENFORCE THE 
FOREGOING WAIVER AND (B) ACKNOWLEDGES THAT IT AND THE OTHER PARTIES HERETO 
HAVE BEEN INDUCED TO ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT AND THE OTHER LOAN 
DOCUMENTS, AS APPLICABLE, BY, AMONG OTHER THINGS, THE MUTUAL WAIVERS AND 
CERTIFICATIONS IN THIS SECTION 9.11.

SECTION 9.12.    Severability. In the event any one or more of the 
provisions contained in this Agreement or in any other Loan Document should 
be held invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any respect, the validity, 
legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions contained herein 
and therein shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby. The 
parties shall endeavor in good-faith negotiations to replace the invalid, 
illegal or unenforceable provisions with valid provisions the economic 
effect of which comes as close as possible to that of the invalid, illegal 
or unenforceable provisions.

SECTION 9.13.    Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in two or 
more counterparts, each of which shall constitute an original but all of 
which, when taken together, shall constitute but one contract, and shall 
become effective as provided in Section 9.03. Delivery of an executed 
counterpart to this Agreement by facsimile transmission (or other 
electronic transmission pursuant to procedures approved by the 
Administrative Agent) shall be as effective as delivery of a manually 
signed original.

SECTION 9.14.    Headings. Article and Section headings and the Table of 
Contents used herein are for convenience of reference only, are not part of 
this Agreement and are not to affect the construction of, or to be taken 
into consideration in interpreting, this Agreement.
 
203

------------------------------------------------------------------------
SECTION 9.15.    Jurisdiction; Consent to Service of Process.

(a)    Each of the parties hereto hereby irrevocably and unconditionally 
submits, for itself and its property, to the exclusive jurisdiction of any 
New York State court or federal court of the United States of America 
sitting in New York City, and any appellate court from any thereof 
(collectively, “New York Courts”), in any action or proceeding arising out 
of or relating to this Agreement or the other Loan Documents, or for 
recognition or enforcement of any judgment, and each of the parties hereto 
hereby irrevocably and unconditionally agrees that all claims in respect of 
any such action or proceeding may be heard and determined in such New York 
State or, to the extent permitted by law, in such federal court. Each of 
the parties hereto agrees that a final judgment in any such action or 
proceeding shall be conclusive and may be enforced in other jurisdictions 
by suit on the judgment or in any other manner provided by law. Nothing in 
this Agreement shall affect any right that any party may otherwise have to 
bring any action or proceeding relating to this Agreement or any of the 
other Loan Documents in the courts of any jurisdiction, except that each of 
the Loan Parties agrees that (a) it will not bring any such action or 
proceeding in any court other than New York Courts (it being acknowledged 
and agreed by the parties hereto that any other forum would be inconvenient 
and inappropriate in view of the fact that more of the Lenders who would be 
affected by any such action or proceeding have contacts with the State of 
New York than any other jurisdiction), and (b) in any such action or 
proceeding brought against any Loan Party in any other court, it will not 
assert any cross-claim, counterclaim or setoff, or seek any other 
affirmative relief, except to the extent that the failure to assert the 
same will preclude such Loan Party from asserting or seeking the same in 
the New York Courts.

(b)    Each of the parties hereto hereby irrevocably and unconditionally 
waives, to the fullest extent it may legally and effectively do so, any 
objection which it may now or hereafter have to the laying of venue of any 
suit, action or proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement or 
the other Loan Documents in any New York State or federal court. Each of 
the parties hereto hereby irrevocably waives, to the fullest extent 
permitted by law, the defense of an inconvenient forum to the maintenance 
of such action or proceeding in any such court.

(c)    Each party hereto irrevocably consents to service of process in the 
manner provided for notices in Section 9.01. Nothing in this Agreement will 
affect the right of any party hereto to serve process in any other manner 
permitted by applicable law.

SECTION 9.16.    Confidentiality. Each of the Lenders, each L/C Issuer and 
each of the Agents agrees that it shall maintain in confidence any 
information relating to the Company, any Parent Entity, any Borrower and 
any Subsidiary furnished to it by or on behalf of the Company, any Parent 
Entity, any Borrower or any Subsidiary (other than information that (a) has 
become available to the public other than as a result of a disclosure by 
such party in breach of this Section 9.16, (b) has been independently 
developed by such Lender, such L/C Issuer or such Agent without violating 
this Section 9.16 or (c) was or becomes available to such Lender, such L/C 
Issuer or such Agent from a third party which, to such person’s knowledge, 
had not breached an obligation of confidentiality to the Company, any 
Parent Entity or any Loan Party) and shall not reveal the same other than 
to its affiliates, directors, trustees, officers, employees and advisors 
with a need to know or to any person that approves or administers the Loans 
on behalf of such Lender (so long as each such person shall have been 
instructed to keep the same
 
204

------------------------------------------------------------------------
confidential), except: (A) to the extent necessary to comply with law or 
any legal process or the requirements of any Governmental Authority, the 
National Association of Insurance Commissioners or of any securities 
exchange on which securities of the disclosing party or any Affiliate of 
the disclosing party are listed or traded, (B) as part of normal reporting 
or review procedures to, or examinations by, Governmental Authorities or 
self-regulatory authorities, including the National Association of 
Insurance Commissioners or the National Association of Securities Dealers, 
Inc., (C) in order to enforce its rights under any Loan Document in a legal 
proceeding, (D) to any pledgee under Section 9.04(d) or any other 
prospective assignee of, or prospective Participant in, any of its rights 
under this Agreement (so long as such person shall have been instructed to 
keep the same confidential in accordance with this Section 9.16 or terms 
substantially similar to this Section) and (E) to any direct or indirect 
contractual counterparty in Swap Agreements or such contractual 
counterparty’s professional advisor (so long as such contractual 
counterparty or professional advisor to such contractual counterparty 
agrees to be bound by the provisions of this Section 9.16 or terms 
substantially similar to this Section).

SECTION 9.17.    Platform; Borrower Materials. The Borrowers hereby 
acknowledge that (a) the Administrative Agent and/or the Co-Lead Arrangers 
will make available to the Lenders and the L/C Issuer materials and/or 
information provided by or on behalf of the Borrowers hereunder 
(collectively, “Borrower Materials”) by posting the Borrower Materials on 
IntraLinks or another similar electronic system (the “Platform”), and (b) 
certain of the Lenders may be “public-side” Lenders (i.e., Lenders that do 
not wish to receive material non-public information with respect to the 
Borrowers or their securities) (each, a “Public Lender”). The Borrowers 
hereby agree that it will use commercially reasonable efforts to identify 
that portion of the Borrower Materials that may be distributed to the 
Public Lenders and that (i) all such Borrower Materials shall be clearly 
and conspicuously marked “PUBLIC” which, at a minimum, shall mean that the 
word “PUBLIC” shall appear prominently on the first page thereof, (ii) by 
marking Borrower Materials “PUBLIC,” the Borrowers shall be deemed to have 
authorized the Administrative Agent, the Co-Lead Arrangers, the L/C Issuer 
and the Lenders to treat such Borrower Materials as either publicly 
available information or not material information (although it may be 
sensitive and proprietary) with respect to the Borrowers or their 
securities for purposes of United States Federal and state securities laws 
(provided, however, that such Borrower Materials shall be treated as set 
forth in Section 9.16, to the extent such Borrower Materials constitute 
information subject to the terms thereof), (iii) all Borrower Materials 
marked “PUBLIC” are permitted to be made available through a portion of the 
Platform designated “Public Investor”; and (iv) the Administrative Agent 
and the Co-Lead Arrangers shall be entitled to treat any Borrower Materials 
that are not marked “PUBLIC” as being suitable only for posting on a 
portion of the Platform not designated “Public Investor.”

THE PLATFORM IS PROVIDED “AS IS” AND “AS AVAILABLE.” THE AGENT PARTIES (AS 
DEFINED BELOW) DO NOT WARRANT THE ACCURACY OR COMPLETENESS OF THE BORROWER 
MATERIALS OR THE ADEQUACY OF THE PLATFORM, AND EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM LIABILITY 
FOR ERRORS IN OR OMISSIONS FROM THE BORROWER MATERIALS. NO WARRANTY OF ANY 
KIND, EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING ANY WARRANTY OF 
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, NON-INFRINGEMENT OF 
THIRD PARTY RIGHTS OR FREEDOM FROM VIRUSES OR OTHER CODE DEFECTS, IS MADE 
BY ANY AGENT PARTY IN CONNECTION WITH THE
 
205

------------------------------------------------------------------------
BORROWER MATERIALS OR THE PLATFORM. In no event shall the Administrative 
Agent or any of its Related Parties (collectively, the “Agent Parties”) 
have any liability to any Borrower, any Lender, the L/C Issuer or any other 
Person for losses, claims, damages, liabilities or expenses of any kind 
(whether in tort, contract or otherwise) arising out of any Borrower’s or 
the Administrative Agent’s transmission of Borrower Materials through the 
Internet, except to the extent that such losses, claims, damages, 
liabilities or expenses are determined by a court of competent jurisdiction 
by a final and nonappealable judgment to have resulted from the gross 
negligence or willful misconduct of such Agent Party; provided, however, 
that in no event shall any Agent Party have any liability to any Borrower, 
any Lender, the L/C Issuer or any other person for indirect, special, 
incidental, consequential or punitive damages (as opposed to direct or 
actual damages).

SECTION 9.18.    Release of Liens, Guarantees and Pledges.

(a)    The Lenders, the L/C Issuer and other Secured Parties hereby 
irrevocably agree that the Liens granted to the Collateral Agent by the 
Loan Parties on any Collateral shall be automatically released: (i) in full 
upon the occurrence of the Termination Date as set forth in Section 9.18(d) 
below; (ii) upon the disposition of such Collateral by any Loan Party to a 
person that is not (and is not required to become) a Loan Party in a 
transaction not prohibited by this Agreement (and the Collateral Agent may 
rely conclusively on a certificate to that effect provided to it by any 
Loan Party upon its reasonable request without further inquiry), (iii) to 
the extent that such Collateral comprises property leased to a Loan Party 
by a person that is not a Loan Party, upon termination or expiration of 
such lease (and the Collateral Agent may rely conclusively on a certificate 
to that effect provided to it by any Loan Party upon its reasonable request 
without further inquiry), (iv) if the release of such Lien is approved, 
authorized or ratified in writing by the Required Lenders (or such other 
percentage of the Lenders whose consent may be required in accordance with 
Section 9.08), (v) to the extent that the property constituting such 
Collateral is owned by any Guarantor, upon the release of such Guarantor 
from its obligations under the Guarantee in accordance with the Subsidiary 
Guarantee Agreement or clause (b) below (and the Collateral Agent may rely 
conclusively on a certificate to that effect provided to it by any Loan 
Party upon its reasonable request without further inquiry), (vi) as 
provided in Section 5.11 (and the Collateral Agent may rely conclusively on 
a certificate to that effect provided to it by any Loan Party upon its 
reasonable request without further inquiry), and (vii) as required by the 
Collateral Agent to effect any Disposition of Collateral in connection with 
any exercise of remedies of the Collateral Agent pursuant to the Security 
Documents. Any such release shall not in any manner discharge, affect, or 
impair the Obligations or any Liens (other than those being released) upon 
(or obligations (other than those being released) of the Loan Parties in 
respect of) all interests retained by the Loan Parties, including the 
proceeds of any Disposition, all of which shall continue to constitute part 
of the Collateral except to the extent otherwise released in accordance 
with the provisions of the Loan Documents.

(b)    In addition, the Lenders, the L/C Issuer and other Secured Parties 
hereby irrevocably agree that the Subsidiary Loan Parties shall be released 
from the Guarantees upon consummation of any transaction not prohibited 
hereunder resulting in such Subsidiary ceasing to constitute a Subsidiary 
Loan Party or otherwise becoming an Excluded Subsidiary (and the Collateral 
Agent may rely conclusively on a certificate to that effect provided to it 
by any Loan Party upon its reasonable request without further inquiry).
 
206

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(c)    The Lenders, the L/C Issuer and other Secured Parties hereby 
authorize the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent, as applicable, 
to execute and deliver any instruments, documents, and agreements necessary 
or desirable to evidence and confirm the release of any Subsidiary Loan 
Party or Collateral pursuant to the foregoing provisions of this Section 
9.18, all without the further consent or joinder of any Lender. Upon 
release pursuant to this Section 9.18, any representation, warranty or 
covenant contained in any Loan Document relating to any such Collateral or 
Guarantor shall no longer be deemed to be made. In connection with any 
release hereunder, the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent shall 
promptly (and the Secured Parties hereby authorize the Administrative Agent 
and the Collateral Agent to) take such action and execute any such 
documents as may be reasonably requested by any Borrowers and at such 
Borrower’s expense in connection with the release of any Liens created by 
any Loan Document in respect of such Subsidiary, property or asset; 
provided, that the Administrative Agent shall have received a certificate 
of a Responsible Officer of such Borrower containing such certifications as 
the Administrative Agent shall reasonably request.

(d)    Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein or any 
other Loan Document, on the Termination Date, upon request of any Borrower, 
the Administrative Agent and/or the Collateral Agent, as applicable, shall 
(without notice to, or vote or consent of, any Secured Party) take such 
actions as shall be required to release its security interest in all 
Collateral, and to release all obligations under any Loan Document, whether 
or not on the date of such release there may be any (i) obligations in 
respect of any Secured Hedge Agreements or any Secured Cash Management 
Agreements and (ii) any contingent indemnification obligations or expense 
reimburse claims not then due; provided, that the Administrative Agent 
shall have received a certificate of a Responsible Officer of such Borrower 
containing such certifications as the Administrative Agent shall reasonably 
request. Any such release of obligations shall be deemed subject to the 
provision that such obligations shall be reinstated if after such release 
any portion of any payment in respect of the obligations guaranteed thereby 
shall be rescinded or must otherwise be restored or returned upon the 
insolvency, bankruptcy, dissolution, liquidation or reorganization of the 
Company or any Guarantor, or upon or as a result of the appointment of a 
receiver, intervenor or conservator of, or trustee or similar officer for, 
the Company or any Guarantor or any substantial part of its property, or 
otherwise, all as though such payment had not been made. The Borrowers 
agree to pay all reasonable and documented out-of-pocket expenses incurred 
by the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent (and their respective 
representatives) in connection with taking such actions to release security 
interest in all Collateral and all obligations under the Loan Documents as 
contemplated by this Section 9.18(d).

(e)    Obligations of any Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries under any 
Secured Cash Management Agreement or Secured Swap Agreement (after giving 
effect to all netting arrangements relating to such Secured Swap 
Agreements) shall be secured and guaranteed pursuant to the Security 
Documents only to the extent that, and for so long as, the other 
Obligations are so secured and guaranteed. No person shall have any voting 
rights under any Loan Document solely as a result of the existence of 
obligations owed to it under any such Secured Swap Agreement or Secured 
Cash Management Agreement. For the avoidance of doubt, no release of 
Collateral or Guarantors effected in the manner permitted by this Agreement 
shall require the consent of any holder of obligations under Secured Swap 
Agreements or any Secured Cash Management Agreements.
 
207

------------------------------------------------------------------------
SECTION 9.19.    Judgment Currency. If, for the purposes of obtaining 
judgment in any court, it is necessary to convert a sum due hereunder or 
any other Loan Document in one currency into another currency, the rate of 
exchange used shall be that at which in accordance with normal banking 
procedures the Administrative Agent could purchase the first currency with 
such other currency on the Business Day preceding that on which final 
judgment is given. The obligation of the Borrowers in respect of any such 
sum due from it to the Administrative Agent or the Lenders hereunder or 
under the other Loan Documents shall, notwithstanding any judgment in a 
currency (the “Judgment Currency”) other than that in which such sum is 
denominated in accordance with the applicable provisions of this Agreement 
(the “Agreement Currency”), be discharged only to the extent that on the 
Business Day following receipt by the Administrative Agent of any sum 
adjudged to be so due in the Judgment Currency, the Administrative Agent 
may in accordance with normal banking procedures purchase the Agreement 
Currency with the Judgment Currency. If the amount of the Agreement 
Currency so purchased is less than the sum originally due to the 
Administrative Agent from any Borrower in the Agreement Currency, such 
Borrower agrees, as a separate obligation and notwithstanding any such 
judgment, to indemnify the Administrative Agent or the person to whom such 
obligation was owing against such loss. If the amount of the Agreement 
Currency so purchased is greater than the sum originally due to the 
Administrative Agent in such currency, the Administrative Agent agrees to 
return the amount of any excess to such Borrower (or to any other person 
who may be entitled thereto under applicable law).

SECTION 9.20.    USA PATRIOT Act Notice. Each Lender that is subject to the 
USA PATRIOT Act and the Administrative Agent (for itself and not on behalf 
of any Lender) hereby notifies the Borrowers that pursuant to the 
requirements of the USA Patriot Act, it is required to obtain, verify and 
record information that identifies each Loan Party, which information 
includes the name and address of each Loan Party and other information that 
will allow such Lender or the Administrative Agent, as applicable, to 
identify each Loan Party in accordance with the USA PATRIOT Act.

SECTION 9.21.    No Advisory or Fiduciary Responsibility. In connection 
with all aspects of each transaction contemplated hereby, the Borrowers 
acknowledge and agree that: (i) the credit facilities provided for 
hereunder and any related arranging or other services in connection 
therewith (including in connection with any amendment, waiver or other 
modification hereof or of any other Loan Document) are an arm’s-length 
commercial transaction between the Loan Parties and their respective 
Affiliates, on the one hand, and the Agents, the Co-Lead Arrangers and the 
Lenders, on the other hand, and the Loan Parties are capable of evaluating 
and understanding and understand and accept the terms, risks and conditions 
of the transactions contemplated hereby and by the other Loan Documents 
(including any amendment, waiver or other modification hereof or thereof); 
(ii) in connection with the process leading to such transaction, each 
Agent, each Co-Lead Arranger and each Lender is and has been acting solely 
as a principal and is not the financial advisor, agent or fiduciary, for 
any Loan Party or any of their respective Affiliates, stockholders, 
creditors or employees or any other person; (iii) none of the Agents, any 
Co-Lead Arranger or any Lender has assumed or will assume an advisory, 
agency or fiduciary responsibility in favor of any Loan Party with respect 
to any of the transactions contemplated hereby or the process leading 
thereto, including with respect to any amendment, waiver or other 
modification hereof or of any other Loan Document (irrespective of whether 
any Agent, any Co-Lead Arranger or any Lender has advised or is currently 
advising the
 
208

------------------------------------------------------------------------
any Loan Party or their respective Affiliates on other matters) and none of 
the Agents, any Co-Lead Arranger or any Lender has any obligation to any of 
the Loan Parties or their respective Affiliates with respect to the 
transactions contemplated hereby except those obligations expressly set 
forth herein and in the other Loan Documents; (iv) the Agents, the Co-Lead 
Arrangers, the Lenders and their respective Affiliates may be engaged in a 
broad range of transactions that involve interests that differ from those 
of the Loan Parties and their respective Affiliates, and none of the 
Agents, any Co-Lead Arranger or any Lender has any obligation to disclose 
any of such interests by virtue of any advisory, agency or fiduciary 
relationship; and (v) the Agents, the Co-Lead Arrangers and the Lenders 
have not provided and will not provide any legal, accounting, regulatory or 
tax advice with respect to any of the transactions contemplated hereby 
(including any amendment, waiver or other modification hereof or of any 
other Loan Document) and the Loan Parties have consulted their own legal, 
accounting, regulatory and tax advisors to the extent they deemed 
appropriate. Each Borrower hereby waives and releases, to the fullest 
extent permitted by law, any claims that it may have against the Agents, 
the Co-Lead Arrangers and the Lenders with respect to any breach or alleged 
breach of agency or fiduciary duty.

SECTION 9.22.    Application of Gaming Laws.

(a)    This Agreement and the other Loan Documents are subject to Gaming 
Laws and Liquor Laws. Without limiting the foregoing and notwithstanding 
anything herein or in any other Loan Document to the contrary, the Lenders, 
Agents and Secured Parties acknowledge that (i) they are subject to the 
jurisdiction of the Gaming Authorities and Liquor Authorities, in their 
discretion, for licensing, qualification or findings of suitability or to 
file or provide other information, and (ii)(x) the consummation of the 
Post-Closing Restructuring Transaction and (y) all rights, remedies and 
powers in or under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, including 
with respect to the Collateral (including the pledge and delivery of the 
Pledged Collateral), the Mortgaged Properties and the ownership and 
operation of facilities are, in each case, subject to the jurisdiction of 
the Gaming Authorities and Liquor Authorities, and may be exercised only to 
the extent that the exercise thereof does not violate any applicable 
provisions of the Gaming Laws and Liquor Laws and only to the extent that 
required approvals (including prior approvals) are obtained from the 
relevant Gaming Authorities and Liquor Authorities.

(b)    Lenders, Agents and Secured Parties agree to cooperate with all 
Gaming Authorities and Liquor Authorities in connection with the provision 
in a timely manner of such documents or other information as may be 
requested by such Gaming Authorities and Liquor Authorities relating to the 
Loan or Loan Documents.

(c)    Lenders acknowledge and agree that if any Borrower receives a notice 
from any applicable Gaming Authority that any Lender is a disqualified 
holder (and such Lender is notified by any Borrower in writing of such 
disqualification), such Borrower shall, following any available appeal of 
such determination by such Gaming Authority (unless the rules of the 
applicable Gaming Authority do not permit such Lender to retain its Loans 
or Commitments pending appeal of such determination), have the right to (i) 
cause such disqualified holder to transfer and assign, without recourse all 
of its interests, rights and obligations in its Loans and Commitments or 
(ii) in the event that (A) such Borrower is unable to assign such Loan 
after using its best efforts to cause such an assignment and (B) no Default 
or Event of Default has
 
209

------------------------------------------------------------------------
occurred and is continuing, prepay such disqualified holder’s Loan. Notice 
to such disqualified holder shall be given ten days prior to the required 
date of assignment or prepayment, as the case may be, and shall be 
accompanied by evidence demonstrating that such transfer or prepayment is 
required pursuant to Gaming Laws. If reasonably requested by any 
disqualified holder, such Borrower will use commercially reasonable efforts 
to cooperate with any such holder that is seeking to appeal such 
determination and to afford such holder an opportunity to participate in 
any proceedings relating thereto. Notwithstanding anything herein to the 
contrary, any prepayment of a Loan shall be at a price that, unless 
otherwise directed by a Gaming Authority, shall be equal to the sum of the 
principal amount of such Loan and interest to the date such Lender or 
holder became a disqualified holder (plus any fees and other amounts 
accrued for the account of such disqualified holder to the date such Lender 
or holder became a disqualified holder).

(d)    If during the existence of an Event of Default hereunder or any of 
the other Loan Documents it shall become necessary or, in the opinion of 
the Administrative Agent, advisable for an agent, supervisor, receiver or 
other representative of the Lenders to become licensed or found qualified 
under any Gaming Law as a condition to receiving the benefit of any 
Collateral encumbered by the Loan Documents or to otherwise enforce the 
rights of the Agents, Secured Parties and the Lenders under the Loan 
Documents, the Borrowers hereby agree to consent to the application for 
such license or qualification and to execute such further documents as may 
be required in connection with the evidencing of such consent.

SECTION 9.23.    Affiliate Lenders.

(a)    Each Lender who is an Affiliate of the Borrowers (an “Affiliate 
Lender”), in connection with any (i) consent (or decision not to consent) 
to any amendment, modification, waiver, consent or other action with 
respect to any of the terms of any Loan Document, (ii) other action on any 
matter related to any Loan Document or (iii) direction to the 
Administrative Agent, Collateral Agent or any Lender to undertake any 
action (or refrain from taking any action) with respect to or under any 
Loan Document, agrees that, except with respect to any amendment, 
modification, waiver, consent or other action (1) described in clauses (i), 
(ii) or (iii) of the first proviso of Section 9.08(b) or (2) that adversely 
affects such Affiliate Lender (in its capacity as a Lender) in a 
disproportionately adverse manner as compared to other Lenders, such 
Affiliate Lender shall be deemed to have voted its interest as a Lender 
without discretion in such proportion as the allocation of voting with 
respect to such matter by Lenders who are not Affiliate Lenders. Each 
Affiliate Lender hereby irrevocably appoints the Administrative Agent (such 
appointment being coupled with an interest) as such Affiliate Lender’s 
attorney-in-fact, with full authority in the place and stead of such 
Affiliate Lender and in the name of such Affiliate Lender, from time to 
time in the Administrative Agent’s discretion to take any action and to 
execute any instrument that the Administrative Agent may deem reasonably 
necessary to carry out the provisions of this clause (a).

(b)    Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, no 
Affiliate Lender shall have any right to (i) attend (including by 
telephone) any meeting or discussions (or portion thereof) among the 
Administrative Agent or any Lender to which representatives of the 
Borrowers are not then present, (ii) receive any information or material 
prepared by Administrative Agent or any Lender or any communication by or 
among Administrative Agent
 
210

------------------------------------------------------------------------
and/or one or more Lenders, except to the extent such information or 
materials have been made available to the Borrowers or their 
representatives, or (iii) make or bring (or participate in, other than as a 
passive participant in or recipient of its pro rata benefits of) any claim, 
in its capacity as a Lender, against Administrative Agent, the Collateral 
Agent or any other Lender with respect to any duties or obligations or 
alleged duties or obligations of such Agent or any other such Lender under 
the Loan Documents.

SECTION 9.24.    Acknowledgement and Consent to Bail-In of EEA Financial 
Institutions. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in any Loan Document 
or in any other agreement, arrangement or understanding among any such 
parties, each party hereto acknowledges that any liability of any EEA 
Financial Institution arising under any Loan Document, to the extent such 
liability is unsecured, may be subject to the write-down and conversion 
powers of an EEA Resolution Authority and agrees and consents to, and 
acknowledges and agrees to be bound by:

(a)     the application of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by an EEA 
Resolution Authority to any such liabilities arising hereunder which may be 
payable to it by any party hereto that is an EEA Financial Institution; and

(b)     the effects of any Bail-In Action on any such liability, including, 
if applicable:

(i)     a reduction in full or in part or cancellation of any such 
liability;

(ii)     a conversion of all, or a portion of, such liability into shares 
or other instruments of ownership in such EEA Financial Institution, its 
parent undertaking, or a bridge institution that may be issued to it or 
otherwise conferred on it, and that such shares or other instruments of 
ownership will be accepted by it in lieu of any rights with respect to any 
such liability under this Agreement or any other Loan Document; or

(iii)     the variation of the terms of such liability in connection with 
the exercise of the write-down and conversion powers of any EEA Resolution 
Authority.

[Remainder of Page Intentionally Left Blank]
 
211

------------------------------------------------------------------------
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be 
duly executed by their respective authorized officers as of the day and 
year first written above.
CAESARS ENTERTAINMENT RESORT
PROPERTIES, LLC,
CAESARS ENTERTAINMENT RESORT
PROPERTIES FINANCE, INC.
HARRAH’S LAS VEGAS, LLC,
HARRAH’S ATLANTIC CITY HOLDING, INC.,
RIO PROPERTIES, LLC,
FLAMINGO LAS VEGAS HOLDING, LLC,
HARRAH’S LAUGHLIN, LLC, AND
PARIS LAS VEGAS HOLDING, LLC,
as Borrowers
By: 	  	
 
  	Name:
  	Title:
 
212

------------------------------------------------------------------------
CITICORP NORTH AMERICA, INC.,
as Administrative Agent and as a Lender
By: 	  	
 
  	Name:
  	Title:
By: 	  	
 
  	Name:
  	Title:
 
213

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Schedule I

Revolving Facility Commitments

Initial Revolving Facility Commitments
 
Lender
   	Initial Revolving Facility Commitment 	 
 Manchester Securities Corp.
   	$ 	2,475,000.00 	 
 Zoe Investments Limited
   	$ 	5,025,000.00 	 
 Monarch Master Funding Ltd
   	$ 	35,500,000.00 	 
 Co Moore LP
   	$ 	15,000,000.00 	 
 Total:
   	$ 	58,000,000.00 	 


First Amendment Revolving Facility Commitments
 
Lender
   	First Amendment Revolving Facility
Commitment 	 
 Barclays Bank PLC
   	$ 	21,000,000.00 	 
 Deutsche Bank AG New York Branch
   	$ 	25,000,000.00 	 
 Morgan Stanley Senior Funding, Inc.
   	$ 	9,200,000.00 	 
 UBS AG, Stamford Branch
   	$ 	10,000,000.00 	 
 GoldenTree Asset Management, LP (for certain affiliated funds)
   	$ 	68,500,000.00 	 
 Citicorp North America, Inc.
   	$ 	10,000,000.00 	 
 Credit Suisse AG, Cayman Islands Branch
   	$ 	38,500,000.00 	 
 Goldman Sachs Lending Partners LLC
   	$ 	10,000,000.00 	 
 MIHI LLC
   	$ 	19,300,000.00 	 
 Total:
   	$ 	211,500,000.00 	 