 EX-10.2 4 ex10ii_atlanticallia.htm NON-COMPETITION AND NON-SOLICITATION 
AGREEMENT
Exhibit 10.2
 
NON-COMPETITION AND NON-SOLICITATION AGREEMENT
 
THIS NON-COMPETITION AND NON-SOLICITATION AGREEMENT (this “Agreement”) is 
being executed and delivered as of [●], 2017, by [●] (“Owner”), in favor of 
and for the benefit of Atlantic Alliance Partnership Corp., a business 
company incorporated in the British Virgin Islands with limited liability 
(including any successor entity thereto, whether pursuant to the Conversion 
(as defined in the Merger Agreement (as defined below)), the Merger (as 
defined below) or otherwise, the “the Company”), and each of the Company’s 
present and future Affiliates, successors and direct and indirect 
Subsidiaries, including after the Merger, Kalyx (as defined below) and its 
Subsidiaries (collectively, the “Covered Parties”). Any capitalized term 
used, but not defined in this Agreement will have the meaning ascribed to 
such term in the Merger Agreement.
 
WHEREAS, the Company and Kalyx Development Inc., a Maryland corporation (“
Kalyx”), are parties to that certain Merger Agreement, dated as of May 8, 
2017 (as amended, the “Merger Agreement”), pursuant to which Kalyx will 
merge with and into the Company, with the Company continuing as the 
surviving entity as a Maryland incorporated real estate investment trust 
(the “Merger”), and as a result of which, among other matters, (i) all of 
the issued and outstanding capital stock of Kalyx immediately prior to the 
effective time of the Merger shall no longer be outstanding and shall 
automatically be cancelled and shall cease to exist, in exchange for the 
right of the holder of such shares to receive a number of shares of the 
capital stock of the Company, as set forth in the Merger Agreement, and 
(ii) Kalyx’s outstanding warrants shall be assumed by the Company, with 
certain warrants being amended in accordance with the terms set out in the 
Merger Agreement, all upon the terms and subject to the conditions set 
forth in the Merger Agreement and in accordance with the applicable 
provisions of the Maryland General Corporation Law, as amended.
 
WHEREAS, Owner is an equity holder of Kalyx and/or its subsidiary Kalyx OP 
LP, a Delaware limited partnership (“Operating Partnership”), and an 
officer and/or senior management employee of Kalyx and/or the Operating 
Partnership;
 
WHEREAS, Kalyx, indirectly through its Subsidiaries, is engaged in the 
business of acquiring, owning, managing, upgrading and leasing commercial 
and industrial properties to state-licensed operators for their regulated 
cannabis businesses in states in which such activities are legal under 
state laws (the “Business”);
 
WHEREAS, in connection with, and as a condition to consummation of the 
transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement (the “Transactions”), and 
to enable the Company to secure more fully the benefits of the 
Transactions, including the protection and maintenance of the goodwill and 
confidential information of Kalyx and its Subsidiaries, the Company has 
required that Owner enter into this Agreement;
 
WHEREAS, Owner is entering into this Agreement in order to induce the 
Company to consummate the Transactions, pursuant to which Owner will 
directly or indirectly receive a material benefit;
 
WHEREAS, Owner, as an equity holder and/or officer and/or employee of Kalyx 
and/or its Subsidiaries, has contributed to the value of Kalyx and has 
obtained extensive and valuable knowledge and confidential information 
concerning the business of Kalyx and its Subsidiaries; and
  

1

 

 
NOW, THEREFORE, in order to induce the Company to consummate the 
Transactions, and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt 
and sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, Owner hereby agrees as 
follows:
 
1.            Restriction on Competition.
 
(a)       Restriction. Owner hereby agrees that during the period from the 
Closing until the third (3rd) anniversary of the Closing (the “Restricted 
Period”), Owner will not, and will cause its Affiliates not to, without the 
prior written consent of the Company (which may be withheld in its sole 
discretion), anywhere within the United States (the “Territory”), directly 
or indirectly engage in the Business (other than through a Covered Party) 
or own, manage, finance or control, or participate in the ownership, 
management, financing or control of, or become engaged or serve as an 
officer, director, member, partner, employee, agent, consultant, advisor or 
representative of, a business or entity (other than a Covered Party) that 
engages in the Business (a “Competitor”). Notwithstanding the foregoing, 
Owner and its Affiliates may own passive portfolio company investments of 
not more than two percent (2%) beneficial ownership of any class of 
outstanding capital stock of a Competitor that is publicly traded on a 
national stock exchange, so long as Owner and its Affiliates are not 
involved in the management or control of such Competitor.
 
(b)       Acknowledgment. Owner acknowledges and agrees, based upon the 
advice of legal counsel and/or Owner’s own education, experience and 
training, that (i) Owner possesses knowledge of confidential information of 
Kalyx and its Subsidiaries and the Business, (ii) because of Owner’s 
education, experience and capabilities, the provisions of this Agreement 
will not prevent Owner from earning a livelihood, (iii) Owner’s execution 
of this Agreement is a material inducement to the Company to consummate the 
Transactions and to realize the goodwill of Kalyx and its Subsidiaries, for 
which Owner will receive a substantial direct or indirect financial 
benefit, and that the Company would not have consummated the Transactions 
but for Owner’s agreements set forth in this Agreement; (iv) it would 
impair the goodwill of the Covered Parties and reduce the value of the 
assets of the Covered Parties and cause serious and irreparable injury to 
the Covered Parties if Owner were to use its ability and knowledge by 
engaging in the Business in competition with a Covered Party, and/or to 
otherwise breach the obligations contained herein and that the Covered 
Parties would not have an adequate remedy at law because of the unique 
nature of the Business, (v) Owner has no intention of engaging in the 
Business in the Territory during the Restricted Period (other than on 
behalf of the Covered Parties), (vi) the relevant public policy aspects of 
restrictive covenants, covenants not to compete and non-solicitation 
provisions have been discussed, and every effort has been made to limit the 
restrictions placed upon Owner to those that are reasonable and necessary 
to protect the Covered Parties’ legitimate interests, (vii) the Covered 
Parties conduct and intend to conduct the Business everywhere in the 
Territory where legally permitted under applicable state laws and compete 
with other businesses that are or could be located in any part of the 
Territory where legally permitted under applicable state laws, (viii) the 
foregoing restrictions on competition are fair and reasonable in type of 
prohibited activity, geographic area covered, scope and duration, (ix) the 
consideration provided to Owner under this Agreement and the Merger 
Agreement is not illusory, and (x) such provisions do not impose a greater 
restraint than is necessary to protect the goodwill or other business 
interests of the Covered Parties.
 
2.            No Solicitation; No Disparagement.
 
(a)       No Solicitation of Employees and Consultants. Owner agrees that, 
during the Restricted Period, Owner will not, without the prior written 
consent of the Company (which may be withheld in its sole discretion), 
either on its own behalf or on behalf of any other Person (other than, if 
applicable, a Covered Party in the performance of Owner’s duties on behalf 
of the Covered Parties), directly or indirectly: (i) hire or engage as an 
employee, independent contractor, consultant or otherwise any Covered 
Personnel (as defined below); (ii) solicit, induce, encourage or otherwise 
cause (or attempt to do any of the foregoing) any Covered Personnel to 
leave the service (whether as an employee, consultant or independent 
contractor) of any Covered Party; or (iii) in any way interfere with or 
attempt to interfere with the relationship between any Covered Personnel 
and any Covered Party; provided, however, Owner will not be deemed to have 
violated this Section 2(a) if any Covered Personnel voluntarily and 
independently solicits an offer of employment from Owner (or other Person 
whom Owner is acting on behalf of) by responding to a general advertisement 
or solicitation program conducted by or on behalf of Owner (or such other 
Person whom Owner is acting on behalf of) that is not targeted at such 
Covered Personnel or Covered Personnel generally, so long as such Covered 
Personnel is not hired. For purposes of this Agreement, “Covered Personnel
” means any Person who is or was an employee, consultant or independent 
contractor of a Covered Party as of the date of the relevant act prohibited 
by this Section 2(a) or during the one (1) year period preceding such date.
 

2

 

 
(b)       Non-Solicitation of Customers and Suppliers. Owner agrees that, 
during the Restricted Period, Owner will not, without the prior written 
consent of the Company (which may be withheld in its sole discretion), 
individually or on behalf of any other Person (other than, if applicable, a 
Covered Party in the performance of Owner’s duties on behalf of the Covered 
Parties), directly or indirectly: (i) solicit, induce, encourage or 
otherwise cause (or attempt to do any of the foregoing) any Covered 
Customer (as defined below) to (A) cease being, or not become, a client or 
customer of any Covered Party or (B) reduce the amount of business of such 
Covered Customer with any Covered Party, or otherwise alter such business 
relationship in a manner adverse to any Covered Party; (ii) interfere with 
or disrupt (or attempt to interfere with or disrupt) the contractual 
relationship between any Covered Party and any Covered Customer; (iii) 
divert any business with any Covered Customer from a Covered Party; (iv) 
solicit for business, provide services to, engage in or do business with, 
any Covered Customer for products or services that are part of the 
Business; or (v) interfere with or disrupt (or attempt to interfere with or 
disrupt), any Person that was a vendor, supplier, distributor, agent or 
other service provider of a Covered Party at the time of such interference 
or disruption, for a purpose competitive with a Covered Party. For purposes 
of this Agreement, a “Covered Customer” means any Person who is or was an 
actual customer or client (or prospective customer or client with whom a 
Covered Party actively marketed or made or took specific action to make a 
proposal) of a Covered Party, as of the date of the relevant act prohibited 
by this Section 2(b) or during the one (1) year period preceding such date.
 
(c)       Non-Disparagement. Owner agrees that, from and after the Closing, 
Owner will not directly or indirectly engage in any conduct that involves 
the making or publishing (including through electronic mail distribution or 
online social media) of any written or oral statements or remarks 
(including the repetition or distribution of derogatory rumors, 
allegations, negative reports or comments) that are disparaging, 
deleterious or damaging to the integrity, reputation or good will of one or 
more Covered Parties or their respective management, officers, employees, 
independent contractors or consultants. Notwithstanding the foregoing, 
subject to Section 3 below, the provisions of this Section 2(c) shall not 
restrict Owner from providing truthful testimony or information in response 
to a subpoena or investigation by a Governmental Authority or in connection 
with any legal action by Owner against any Covered Party under this 
Agreement, the Merger Agreement or any other Ancillary Document that is 
asserted by Owner in good faith.
 
3.            Confidentiality. From and after the Closing, Owner will, and 
will cause its Representatives to, keep confidential and not (except, if 
applicable, in the performance of Owner’s duties on behalf of the Covered 
Parties) directly or indirectly use, disclose, reveal, publish, transfer or 
provide access to, any and all Covered Party Information without the prior 
written consent of the Company (which may be withheld in its sole 
discretion). As used in this Agreement, “Covered Party Information” means 
all material and information relating to the business, affairs and assets 
of any Covered Party, including material and information that concerns or 
relates to such Covered Party’s bidding and proposal, real estate, 
technical information, computer hardware or software, administrative, 
management, operational, data processing, financial, marketing, sales, 
human resources, business development, real estate development, tenants, 
leasing, financing, lending, planning and/or other business activities, 
regardless of whether such material and information is maintained in 
physical, electronic, or other form, that is: (A) gathered, compiled, 
generated, produced or maintained by such Covered Party through its 
Representatives, or provided to such Covered Party by its suppliers, 
service providers or customers; and (B) intended and maintained by such 
Covered Party or its Representatives, suppliers, service providers or 
customers to be kept in confidence. Covered Party Information also includes 
information disclosed to any Covered Party by third parties to the extent 
that a Covered Party has an obligation of confidentiality in connection 
therewith. The obligations set forth in this Section 3 will not apply to 
any Covered Party Information where Owner can prove that such material or 
information: (i) is known or available through other lawful sources not 
bound by a confidentiality agreement with, or other confidentiality 
obligation, with respect to such material or information; (ii) is or 
becomes publicly known through no violation of this Agreement or other 
non-disclosure obligation of Owner or any of its Representatives; (iii) is 
already in the possession of Owner at the time of disclosure through lawful 
sources not bound by a confidentiality agreement or other confidentiality 
obligation as evidenced by Owner’s documents and records; or (iv) is 
required to be disclosed pursuant to an order of any administrative body or 
court of competent jurisdiction (provided that (A) the applicable Covered 
Party is given reasonable prior written notice, (B) such Owner cooperates 
(and causes its Representatives to cooperate) with any reasonable request 
of any Covered Party to seek to prevent or narrow such disclosure and (C) 
if after compliance with clauses (A) and (B) such disclosure is still 
required, Owner and its Representatives only disclose such portion of the 
Covered Party Information that is expressly required by such order, as it 
may be subsequently narrowed).
 

3

 

 
4.            Notification to Subsequent Employer. Owner agrees that, 
during the Restricted Period, any Covered Party may notify any Person 
employing or otherwise retaining the services of Owner or evidencing an 
intention of employing or retaining the services of Owner the existence and 
provisions of this Agreement.
 
5.            Representations and Warranties. Owner hereby represents and 
warrants, to and for the benefit of the Covered Parties, as of the date of 
this Agreement and as of the Closing, that: (a) Owner Party has full power 
and capacity to execute and deliver, and to perform all of Owner’s 
obligations under, this Agreement; and (b) neither the execution and 
delivery of this Agreement nor the performance of Owner’s obligations 
hereunder will result directly or indirectly in a violation or breach of 
any agreement or obligation by which Owner is a party or otherwise bound. 
By entering into this Agreement, Owner certifies and acknowledges that 
Owner has carefully read all of the provisions of this Agreement, and that 
Owner voluntarily and knowingly enters into this Agreement.
 
6.            Remedies. The covenants and undertakings of Owner contained 
in this Agreement relate to matters which are of a special, unique and 
extraordinary character and a violation of any of the terms of this 
Agreement may cause irreparable injury to the Covered Parties, the amount 
of which may be impossible to estimate or determine and which cannot be 
adequately compensated. Owner agrees that, in the event of any breach or 
threatened breach by Owner of any covenant or obligation contained in this 
Agreement, each applicable Covered Party will be entitled to obtain the 
following remedies (in addition to, and not in lieu of, any other remedy at 
law or in equity or pursuant to the Merger Agreement or the other Ancillary 
Documents that may be available to the Covered Parties, including monetary 
damages), and a court of competent jurisdiction may award: (i) an 
injunction, restraining order or other equitable relief restraining or 
preventing such breach or threatened breach, without the necessity of 
proving actual damages or posting bond or security, which Owner expressly 
waives; and (ii) recovery of the Covered Party’s attorneys’ fees and costs 
incurred in enforcing the Covered Party’s rights under this Agreement. 
Owner hereby consents to the award of any of the above remedies to the 
applicable Covered Party in connection with any such breach or threatened 
breach. Owner hereby acknowledges and agrees that in the event of any 
breach of this Agreement, any value attributed or allocated to this 
Agreement (or any other non-competition agreement with Owner) under or in 
connection with the Merger Agreement shall not be considered a measure of, 
or a limit on, the damages of the Covered Parties.
 

4

 

 
7.            Survival of Obligations. The expiration of the Restricted 
Period will not relieve Owner of any obligation or liability arising from 
any breach by Owner of this Agreement during the Restricted Period. Owner 
further agrees that the time period during which the covenants contained in 
Section 1 and Section 2 of this Agreement will be effective will be 
computed by excluding from such computation any time during which Owner is 
in violation of any provision of such Sections.
 
8.            Miscellaneous.
 
(a)       Notices. All notices, consents, waivers and other communications 
hereunder shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly given 
when delivered (i) in person, (ii) by facsimile or other electronic means, 
with affirmative confirmation of receipt, (iii) one Business Day after 
being sent, if sent by reputable, nationally recognized overnight courier 
service or (iv) three (3) Business Days after being mailed, if sent by 
registered or certified mail, pre-paid and return receipt requested, in 
each case to the applicable party at the following addresses (or at such 
other address for a party as shall be specified by like notice):
 
If to the Company (or any other Covered Party) prior to the Closing, to:
 
Atlantic Alliance Partnership Corp.
590 Madison Avenue
New York, New York 10022
Attn: Jonathan Mitchell
Telephone No: 212-409-2434
Email: jmitchell@aapcacq.com
with a copy (that will not constitute notice) to:
 
Ellenoff Grossman & Schole LLP
1345 Avenue of the Americas, 11th Floor
New York, New York 10105
Attention: Douglas Ellenoff
Facsimile No.: (212) 370-7889
Telephone No.: (212) 370-1300
Email: ellenoff@egsllp.com
  	 
If to the Company (or any other Covered Party) after the Closing, to:
 
Kalyx Properties Inc.
366 Madison Avenue, 11th Floor
New York, New York 10017
Attn: George M. Stone
Facsimile No.: 212-315-3446
Telephone No: 914-921-9252
Email: gstone@Kalyxdevelopment.com
with a copy (that will not constitute notice) to:
 
Ellenoff Grossman & Schole LLP
1345 Avenue of the Americas, 11th Floor
New York, New York 10105
Attention: Douglas Ellenoff
Facsimile No.: (212) 370-7889
Telephone No.: (212) 370-1300
Email: ellenoff@egsllp.com
 
and with a copy (that will not constitute notice) to:
 
Reitler Kailas & Rosenblatt LLC
800 Third Avenue 21st Floor
New York, New York 10022
Attn: Scott Rosenblatt
Fax No.: 212-371-5500
Telephone No: 212-209-3040
Email: srosenblatt@reitlerlaw.com
 
If to Owner, to:  the address below Owner’s name on the signature page to 
this Agreement.
 

5

 

 
(b)       Integration and Non-Exclusivity. This Agreement, the Merger 
Agreement and the other Ancillary Documents contain the entire agreement 
between Owner and the Covered Parties concerning the subject matter hereof. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the rights and remedies of the Covered 
Parties under this Agreement are not exclusive of or limited by any other 
rights or remedies which they may have, whether at law, in equity, by 
contract or otherwise, all of which will be cumulative (and not 
alternative). Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the rights 
and remedies of the Covered Parties, and the obligations and liabilities of 
Owner, under this Agreement, are in addition to their respective rights, 
remedies, obligations and liabilities (i) under the laws of unfair 
competition, misappropriation of trade secrets, or other requirements of 
statutory or common law, or any applicable rules and regulations and (ii) 
otherwise conferred by contract, including the Merger Agreement and any 
other written agreement between Owner and any of the Covered Parties. 
Nothing in the Merger Agreement will limit any of the obligations, 
liabilities, rights or remedies of Owner or the Covered Parties under this 
Agreement, nor will any breach of the Merger Agreement or any other 
agreement between Owner and any of the Covered Parties limit or otherwise 
affect any right or remedy of the Covered Parties under this Agreement. If 
any term or condition of any other agreement between Owner and any of the 
Covered Parties conflicts or is inconsistent with the terms and conditions 
of this Agreement, the more restrictive terms will control as to Owner.
 
(c)       Severability; Reformation. Each provision of this Agreement is 
separable from every other provision of this Agreement. If any provision of 
this Agreement is found or held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, in 
whole or in part, by a court of competent jurisdiction, then (i) such 
provision will be deemed amended to conform to applicable laws so as to be 
valid, legal and enforceable to the fullest possible extent, (ii) the 
invalidity, illegality or unenforceability of such provision will not 
affect the validity, legality or enforceability of such provision under any 
other circumstances or in any other jurisdiction, and (iii) the invalidity, 
illegality or unenforceability of such provision will not affect the 
validity, legality or enforceability of the remainder of such provision or 
the validity, legality or enforceability of any other provision of this 
Agreement. Owner and the Covered Parties will substitute for any invalid, 
illegal or unenforceable provision a suitable and equitable provision that 
carries out, so far as may be valid, legal and enforceable, the intent and 
purpose of such invalid, illegal or unenforceable provision. Without 
limiting the foregoing, if any court of competent jurisdiction determines 
that any part hereof is unenforceable because of the duration, geographic 
area covered, scope of such provision, or otherwise, such court will have 
the power to reduce the duration, geographic area covered or scope of such 
provision, as the case may be, and, in its reduced form, such provision 
will then be enforceable. Owner will, at a Covered Party’s request, join 
such Covered Party in requesting that such court take such action.
 
(d)       Amendment; Waiver. This Agreement may not be amended or modified 
in any respect, except by a written agreement executed by Owner and the 
Company. No waiver will be effective unless it is expressly set forth in a 
written instrument executed by the waiving party, and any such waiver will 
have no effect except in the specific instance in which it is given. Any 
delay or omission by a party in exercising its rights under this Agreement, 
or failure to insist upon strict compliance with any term, covenant, or 
condition of this Agreement will not be deemed a waiver of such term, 
covenant, condition or right, nor will any waiver or relinquishment of any 
right or power under this Agreement at any time or times be deemed a waiver 
or relinquishment of such right or power at any other time or times.
 

6

 

 
(e)       Dispute Resolution. Any dispute, difference, controversy or claim 
arising in connection with or related or incidental to, or question 
occurring under, this Agreement or the subject matter hereof (other than 
applications for a temporary restraining order, preliminary injunction, 
permanent injunction or other equitable relief or application for 
enforcement of a resolution under this Section 7(e)) (a “Dispute”) shall be 
governed by this Section 7(e). A party must, in the first instance, provide 
written notice of any Disputes to the other parties subject to such 
Dispute, which notice must provide a reasonably detailed description of the 
matters subject to the Dispute. Any Dispute that is not resolved may at any 
time after the delivery of such notice immediately be referred to and 
finally resolved by arbitration pursuant to then-existing Expedited 
Procedures of the Commercial Arbitration Rules (the “AAA Procedures”) of 
the American Arbitration Association (the “AAA”). Any party involved in 
such Dispute may submit the Dispute to the AAA to commence the proceedings 
after the Resolution Period. To the extent that the AAA Procedures and this 
Agreement are in conflict, the terms of this Agreement shall control. The 
arbitration shall be conducted by one arbitrator nominated by the AAA 
promptly (but in any event within five (5) Business Days) after the 
submission of the Dispute to the AAA and reasonably acceptable to each 
party subject to the Dispute, which arbitrator shall be a commercial lawyer 
with substantial experience arbitrating disputes under acquisition 
agreements. The arbitrator shall accept his or her appointment and begin 
the arbitration process promptly (but in any event within five (5) Business 
Days) after his or her nomination and acceptance by the parties subject to 
the Dispute. The proceedings shall be streamlined and efficient. The 
arbitrator shall decide the Dispute in accordance with the substantive law 
of the State of New York. Time is of the essence. Each party shall submit a 
proposal for resolution of the Dispute to the arbitrator within twenty (20) 
days after confirmation of the appointment of the arbitrator. The 
arbitrator shall have the power to order any party to do, or to refrain 
from doing, anything consistent with this Agreement, the Ancillary 
Documents and applicable Law, including to perform its contractual 
obligation(s); provided, that the arbitrator shall be limited to ordering 
pursuant to the foregoing power (and, for the avoidance of doubt, shall 
order) the relevant party (or parties, as applicable) to comply with only 
one or the other of the proposals. The arbitrator’s award shall be in 
writing and shall include a reasonable explanation of the arbitrator’s 
reason(s) for selecting one or the other proposal. The seat of arbitration 
shall be in New York County, State of New York. The language of the 
arbitration shall be English.
 
(f)        Governing Law; Jurisdiction. This Agreement shall be governed 
by, construed and enforced in accordance with the Laws of the State of New 
York without regard to the conflict of laws principles thereof. Subject to 
Section 7(e), all Actions arising out of or relating to this Agreement 
shall be heard and determined exclusively in any state or federal court 
located in New York, New York (or in any court in which appeal from such 
courts may be taken) (the “Specified Courts”). Subject to Section 7(e), 
each party hereto hereby (a) submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of any 
Specified Court for the purpose of any Action arising out of or relating to 
this Agreement brought by any party hereto, (b) irrevocably waives, and 
agrees not to assert by way of motion, defense or otherwise, in any such 
Action, any claim that it is not subject personally to the jurisdiction of 
the above-named courts, that its property is exempt or immune from 
attachment or execution, that the Action is brought in an inconvenient 
forum, that the venue of the Action is improper, or that this Agreement or 
the transactions contemplated hereby may not be enforced in or by any 
Specified Court and (c) waives any bond, surety or other security that 
might be required of any other party with respect thereto. Each party 
agrees that a final judgment in any Action shall be conclusive and may be 
enforced in other jurisdictions by suit on the judgment or in any other 
manner provided by Law or in equity. Each party irrevocably consents to the 
service of the summons and complaint and any other process in any other 
action or proceeding relating to the transactions contemplated by this 
Agreement, on behalf of itself, or its property, by personal delivery of 
copies of such process to such party at the applicable address set forth in 
Section 7(a). Nothing in this Section 7(f) shall affect the right of any 
party to serve legal process in any other manner permitted by Law.
 
(g)       WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL. EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO HEREBY WAIVES TO 
THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO A 
TRIAL BY JURY WITH RESPECT TO ANY ACTION DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY ARISING OUT 
OF, UNDER OR IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS 
CONTEMPLATED HEREBY. EACH PARTY HERETO (A) CERTIFIES THAT NO REPRESENTATIVE 
OF ANY OTHER PARTY HAS REPRESENTED, EXPRESSLY OR OTHERWISE, THAT SUCH OTHER 
PARTY WOULD NOT, IN THE EVENT OF ANY ACTION, SEEK TO ENFORCE THAT FOREGOING 
WAIVER AND (B) ACKNOWLEDGES THAT IT AND THE OTHER PARTIES HERETO HAVE BEEN 
INDUCED TO ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT BY, AMONG OTHER THINGS, THE MUTUAL 
WAIVERS AND CERTIFICATIONS IN THIS SECTION 7(g). ANY PARTY HERETO MAY FILE 
AN ORIGINAL COUNTERPART OR A COPY OF THIS SECTION 7(g) WITH ANY COURT AS 
WRITTEN EVIDENCE OF THE CONSENT OF EACH SUCH PARTY TO THE WAIVER OF ITS 
RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY.
 

7

 

 
(h)       Successors and Assigns; Third Party Beneficiaries. This Agreement 
will be binding upon Owner and Owner’s estate, successors and assigns, and 
will inure to the benefit of the Covered Parties, and their respective 
successors and assigns. Each Covered Party may freely assign any or all of 
its rights under this Agreement, at any time, in whole or in part, to any 
Person which acquires, in one or more transactions, at least a majority of 
the equity securities (whether by equity sale, merger or otherwise) of such 
Covered Party or all or substantially all of the assets of such Covered 
Party and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, without obtaining the consent 
or approval of Owner. Owner agrees that the obligations of Owner under this 
Agreement are personal and will not be assigned by Owner. Each of the 
Covered Parties are express third party beneficiaries of this Agreement and 
will be considered parties under and for purposes of this Agreement.
 
(i)       Authorization on Behalf of the Covered Parties. The parties 
acknowledge and agree that the any determinations, actions or other 
authorizations under this Agreement on behalf of the Covered Parties, 
including enforcing the Covered Parties’ rights and remedies under this 
Agreement shall solely be made by the Company’s directors who qualify as 
independent directors under the applicable U.S. national stock exchange on 
which the Company’s shares are then listed (or if the Company’s is no 
longer listed on an U.S. national stock exchange, the last national stock 
exchange on which the Company’s shares were listed) (the “Independent 
Directors”), with the Independent Directors acting by a majority thereof. 
In the event that the Company at any time does not have any Independent 
Directors, so long as Owner has any remaining obligations under this 
Agreement, it will promptly appoint one in connection with this Agreement. 
Without limiting the foregoing, in the event that Owner serves as a 
director, officer, employee or other authorized agent of a Covered Party, 
Owner shall have no authority, express or implied, to act or make any 
determination on behalf of a Covered Party in connection with this 
Agreement or any dispute or Action with respect hereto.
 
(j)       Construction. Owner acknowledges that Owner has been represented 
by counsel, or had the opportunity to be represented by counsel of Owner’s 
choice. Any rule of construction to the effect that ambiguities are to be 
resolved against the drafting party will not be applied in the construction 
or interpretation of this Agreement. Neither the drafting history nor the 
negotiating history of this Agreement will be used or referred to in 
connection with the construction or interpretation of this Agreement. The 
headings and subheadings contained in this Agreement are for reference 
purposes only and shall not affect in any way the meaning or interpretation 
of this Agreement. In this Agreement: (i) the words “include,” “includes” 
and “including” when used herein shall be deemed in each case to be 
followed by the words “without limitation”; (ii) the definitions contained 
herein are applicable to the singular as well as the plural forms of such 
terms; (iii) whenever required by the context, any pronoun shall include 
the corresponding masculine, feminine or neuter forms, and the singular 
form of nouns, pronouns and verbs shall include the plural and vice versa; 
(iv) the words “herein,” “hereto,” and “hereby” and other words of similar 
import shall be deemed in each case to refer to this Agreement as a whole 
and not to any particular Section or other subdivision of this Agreement; 
(v) the word “if” and other words of similar import when used herein shall 
be deemed in each case to be followed by the phrase “and only if”; (vi) the 
term “or” means “and/or”; and (vii) any agreement or instrument defined or 
referred to herein or in any agreement or instrument that is referred to 
herein means such agreement or instrument as from time to time amended, 
modified or supplemented, including by waiver or consent and references to 
all attachments thereto and instruments incorporated therein.
 
(k)       Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in one or more 
counterparts, and by the different parties hereto in separate counterparts, 
each of which when executed shall be deemed to be an original but all of 
which taken together shall constitute one and the same agreement. A 
photocopy, faxed, scanned and/or emailed copy of this Agreement or any 
signature page to this Agreement, shall have the same validity and 
enforceability as an originally signed copy.
 
(l)       Effectiveness. This Agreement shall be binding upon Owner upon 
Owner’s execution and delivery of this Agreement, but this Agreement shall 
only become effective upon the consummation of the Transactions. In the 
event that the Merger Agreement is validly terminated in accordance with 
its terms prior to the consummation of the Transactions, this Agreement 
shall automatically terminate and become null and void, and the parties 
shall have no obligations hereunder.
 
{[Remainder of Page Intentionally Left Blank; Signature Page Follows]}
 

8

 

 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has duly executed and delivered this 
Non-Competition and Non-Solicitation Agreement as of the date first written 
above.
 
  	Owner:
  	 
  	_____________________________________
  	Print Name:
  	 
  	Address for Notice:
  	 
  	Address: ______________________________
  	______________________________________
  	______________________________________
  	Facsimile No.: __________________________
  	Telephone No.: _________________________
  	Email: ________________________________
 
Acknowledged and accepted as of the date first written above:
 
ATLANTIC ALLIANCE PARTNERSHIP CORP.
 
By: 	  	 
Name:  	  	 
Title: 	  	 
 
[Signature Page to Non-Competition Agreement]
 

9

 