 EX-10.8 7 awk-ex108_80.htm EX-10.8 - 2017 OMNIBUS PLAN - 2017 PERFORMANCE 
STOCK UNIT GRANT FORM B-2
 
 
 
Exhibit 10.8
 
AMERICAN WATER WORKS COMPANY, INC.
2017 OMNIBUS EQUITY COMPENSATION PLAN
PERFORMANCE STOCK UNIT GRANT

 
This PERFORMANCE STOCK UNIT GRANT, dated as of [____], 2017 (the “Date of 
Grant”), is delivered by American Water Works Company, Inc. (the “Company
”) to ________________ (the “Participant”).

RECITALS

WHEREAS, the Committee (as defined in the American Water Works Company, 
Inc. 2017 Omnibus Equity Compensation Plan (the “Plan”)) has adopted a 2017 
Long Term Performance Plan (“2017 LTPP”) pursuant to which designated 
employees will be granted equity awards (collectively, the “Equity Award”) 
for shares of Common Stock of the Company, par value $0.01 per share (the “
Company Stock”);

WHEREAS, the Equity Award is comprised of three separate grants: a 
restricted stock unit and two performance stock unit grants;

WHEREAS, the Committee has determined that the Participant is eligible to 
participate in the 2017 LTPP and to grant the Participant an Equity Award 
under the 2017 LTPP; and

WHEREAS, the Committee has determined that the performance stock unit 
portion of the Equity Award granted to the Participant pursuant to the 2017 
LTPP shall be issued under the Plan, and the terms and conditions of the 
performance stock unit grant that may be earned based on performance goals 
relating to compounded earnings per share, as set forth in Exhibit A 
attached hereto, shall be memorialized in this grant (the “Grant”).

NOW, THEREFORE, the parties to this Grant, intending to be legally bound 
hereby, agree as follows:

1.

Grant of Performance Stock Units. Subject to the terms and conditions set 
forth in this Grant and the Plan, the Company hereby grants to the 
Participant ________________ performance stock units (the “Performance 
Units”). The Performance Units are contingently awarded and will be earned 
and distributable if and only to the extent that the Performance Goals (as 
defined below) and other conditions set forth in this Grant are met. Each 
Performance Unit shall be a phantom right and shall be equivalent to one 
share of Company Stock on the applicable payment date, as described in 
Paragraph 5 below. The number of Performance Units set forth above is equal 
to the target number of shares of Company Stock that the Participant will 
earn for 100% achievement of the Performance Goals described in this Grant 
(the “Target Award”).

2.

Performance Unit Account. The Company shall establish and maintain a 
Performance Unit account as a bookkeeping account on its records (the “
Performance Unit Account”) for the Participant and shall record in such 
Performance Unit Account the number of Performance Units granted to the 
Participant. The Participant shall not have any interest in any fund or 
specific assets of the Company by reason of this grant or the Performance 
Unit Account established for the Participant.

 
 
 
 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
 
3.

Performance Goals.

(a)Unless a Change of Control (as defined below) occurs prior to the end of 
the Performance Period (as defined below), the distribution of the shares 
of Company Stock attributable to the Performance Units is contingent upon 
achievement of the performance goals set forth in Exhibit A attached hereto 
(the “Performance Goals”) and the Participant satisfying the continuation 
of employment and service with the Employer (as defined in the Plan) 
requirement described in Paragraph 4 below.

(b)As soon as administratively practicable following the end of the 
Performance Period (as defined in Paragraph 3(d) below), the Committee will 
determine whether and to what extent the Performance Goals have been met 
and certify the number of Performance Units the Participant has earned, if 
any. Except as described in Paragraph 4 below, the Participant must be 
employed by, or providing service to, the Employer on the last day of the 
Performance Period in order to earn the Performance Units.

(c)If a Change of Control occurs prior to the end of the Performance 
Period, the Company is not the surviving corporation (or survives only as a 
subsidiary of another corporation or entity (the “surviving corporation”)) 
and the Performance Units are not converted to similar grants of the 
surviving corporation (or a parent or subsidiary of the surviving 
corporation), then the Performance Period will end on the date of the 
Change of Control and the Performance Units will be deemed earned at the 
Target Award level as of the date of the Change of Control (the “Change of 
Control Date”). In the event the Participant’s Performance Units are 
assumed by the surviving corporation but the Participant ceases to be 
employed by, or providing service to, the surviving corporation (or a 
parent or subsidiary of the surviving corporation) within twelve (12) 
months of the date of the Change of Control on account of (i) a termination 
of such Participant’s employment by the surviving corporation (or a parent 
of subsidiary of the surviving corporation) for any reason other than on 
account of Cause, death or Disability (as defined in the Plan), or (ii) a 
termination of employment or service by the Participant for Good Reason (as 
defined in the Plan), then the Performance Period will end on the date of 
such termination of employment or service (the “Termination Date”) and the 
Performance Units will be deemed earned at the Target Award level as of the 
Termination Date.  For purposes of this Grant, the term “Change of Control” 
shall mean as such term is defined in the Plan, except that a Change of 
Control shall not be deemed to have occurred for purposes of this Grant 
unless the event constituting the Change of Control constitutes a change in 
ownership or effective control of the Company, or in the ownership of a 
substantial portion of the assets of the Company, within the meaning of 
section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the “Code”) 
and its corresponding regulations.

(d)For purposes of this Grant, the term “Performance Period” shall mean the 
three (3)-year period beginning on January 1, 2017 and ending December 31, 
2019.

4.

Termination of Employment or Service.

(a)Except as set forth in Paragraph 3(c), if, at least one year after the 
beginning of the Performance Period, but prior to the end of the 
Performance Period, the Participant ceases to be employed by, or provide 
service to, the Employer on account of any reason other than a termination 
for Cause (as defined below), the Participant will earn a pro-rata portion 
of the Performance Units,

2
 
 
 
 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
 
if the Performance Goals and the requirements of this Grant are met as of 
the last day of the Performance Period. The pro-rata portion earned will be 
equal to the number of Performance Units that would have been earned if the 
Participant had remained employed through the last day of the Performance 
Period, multiplied by a fraction, which fraction shall be equal to (i) 1/3, 
if the Participant’s employment or service with the Employer terminates on 
or after January 1, 2018, but prior to January 1, 2019; (ii) 2/3, if the 
Participant’s employment or service with the Employer terminates on or 
after January 1, 2019, but prior to January 1, 2020; and (iii) 3/3, if the 
Participant’s employment or service terminates with the Employer on or 
after January 1, 2020. If the Participant ceases to be employed by, or 
provide service to, the Employer for any reason other than on account of 
Cause, the prorated number of Performance Units earned by the Participant 
pursuant to this Paragraph 4(a) will be distributed in accordance with 
Paragraph 5.  

(b)Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement to the contrary, if, at 
least one year after the beginning of the Performance Period, but prior to 
the end of the Performance Period, the Participant ceases to be employed 
by, or provide service to, the Employer on account of Normal Retirement, 
the Participant will earn the number of Performance Units that would have 
been earned if the Participant had remained employed through the last day 
of the Performance Period, if the Performance Goals and the requirements of 
this Grant are met as of the last day of the Performance Period.  If the 
Participant ceases to be employed by, or provide service to, the Employer 
on account of Normal Retirement pursuant to this subparagraph (b), the 
number of Performance Units that are earned based on the Performance Goals 
and other requirements of this Grant will be distributed in accordance with 
Paragraph 5.  For purposes of this Grant, “Normal Retirement” shall mean 
termination of employment or service with the Employer (other than for 
Cause) after the Participant has attained age sixty-two (62) and five (5) 
total years of employment or service with the Employer.

(c)If at any time prior to the earlier of January 1, 2018 or a Change of 
Control, the Participant’s employment or service with the Employer is 
terminated by the Employer on account of any reason or no reason or by the 
Participant for any reason or no reason, all of the Performance Units 
subject to this Grant shall be immediately forfeited as of the date of the 
Participant’s termination of employment or service with the Employer and 
the Participant shall not have any rights with respect to the distribution 
of any portion of the Performance Units.

(d)If at any time prior to the date the Performance Units are distributed 
in accordance with Paragraph 5 the Participant’s employment or service with 
the Employer is terminated on account of Cause, all of the Performance 
Units subject to this Grant shall be immediately forfeited and the 
Participant will not have any rights with respect to the distribution of 
any portion of the Performance Units, irrespective of the level of 
achievement of the Performance Goals. For purposes of this Grant, the term 
“Cause” shall mean a finding by the Committee that the Participant (i) has 
breached his or her employment or service contract with the Employer, if 
any; (ii) has engaged in disloyalty to the Employer, including, without 
limitation, fraud, embezzlement, theft, commission of a felony or proven 
dishonesty; (iii) has disclosed trade secrets or confidential information 
of the Employer to persons not entitled to receive such information; (iv) 
has breached any written noncompetition or non-solicitation agreement 
between the Participant and the Employer; or (v) has engaged in such other 
behavior detrimental to the interests of the Employer as the Committee 
determines.

3
 
 
 
 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
 
5.

Time and Form of Payment with Respect to Performance Units. Unless an 
election is made pursuant to Paragraph 6 below, the Participant will 
receive a distribution with respect to the Performance Units earned as 
described in Paragraphs 3 and 4 above within seventy (70) days following 
the earliest of (a) January 1, 2020 (the “Distribution Date”), (b) the 
Change of Control Date, or (c) the Termination Date. The Performance Units 
will be distributed in shares of Company Stock, with each Performance Unit 
earned equivalent to one share of Company Stock. Any Performance Units not 
earned because of the failure to attain the Performance Goals and service 
condition will be forfeited.

6.

Deferrals. The Participant may make an irrevocable election to defer the 
Distribution Date (or further defer the Deferred Date (as defined below), 
if applicable) of all of the Performance Units that are earned, plus 
dividend equivalents earned on such Performance Units as described in 
Paragraph 7 below, to a later date, provided that (a) the election shall 
not take effect until at least twelve (12) months after the date on which 
the election is made, (b) the deferred Distribution Date cannot be earlier 
than five (5) years from the original Distribution Date under Paragraph 5 
above (or five (5) years from the applicable Deferred Date, if a subsequent 
deferral of a Deferred Date is being made), and (c) the election must be 
made no less than twelve (12) months prior to the date of the Distribution 
Date (twelve (12) months prior to the previously applicable Deferred Date, 
if a subsequent deferral of a Deferred Date is being made). To defer the 
Distribution Date, the Participant must elect to defer 100% of the 
Performance Units, including corresponding dividend equivalents, earned by 
the Participant under this Grant, as well as 100% of the other performance 
stock units, including corresponding dividend equivalents, earned by the 
Participant under the 2017 LTPP, and complete the deferral election form 
provided to the Participant by the Committee. If the Participant desires to 
make a further deferral, the Participant must make such election on a 
separate form provided by the Committee for such purpose. Any such election 
shall be made in accordance with section 409A of the Code and any 
corresponding guidance and regulations issued under section 409A of the 
Code. Notwithstanding a Participant’s election pursuant to this Paragraph, 
if the Change of Control Date or the Termination Date occurs prior to the 
Deferred Date, the distribution of the Participant’s earned Performance 
Units, plus corresponding dividend equivalents, will be the Change of 
Control Date or the Termination Date, as applicable. If a Distribution Date 
is delayed one or more times pursuant to this Paragraph 6, the new 
Distribution Date shall be referred to as the “Deferred Date.”

7.

Dividend Equivalents. Until the earlier of the Distribution Date (or the 
Deferred Date, if elected), the Change of Control Date or the Termination 
Date, if any dividends are paid with respect to the shares of Company 
Stock, the Company shall credit to a dividend equivalent account (the “
Dividend Equivalent Account”) the value of the dividends that would have 
been distributed if the Performance Units credited to the Participant’s 
Performance Unit Account as of the date of payment of any such dividend 
were shares of Company Stock. At the same time that the Performance Units 
are converted to shares of Company Stock and distributed to the 
Participant, the Company shall pay to the Participant in a lump sum cash 
equal to the value of the dividends credited to the Participant’s Dividend 
Equivalent Account; provided, however, that any dividends that were 
credited to the Participant’s Dividend Equivalent Account that are 
attributable to Performance Units that have been forfeited as provided in 
Paragraph 3 and 4 above shall be forfeited and not payable to the 
Participant. No interest shall accrue on any dividend equivalents credited 
to the Participant’s Dividend Equivalent Account.

4
 
 
 
 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
 
8.

Change of Control. Except as set forth above, the provisions set forth in 
the Plan applicable to a Change of Control (as defined in the Plan) shall 
apply to the Performance Units, and, in the event of a Change of Control, 
the Committee may take such actions as it deems appropriate pursuant to the 
Plan and is consistent with the requirements of section 409A of the Code.

9.

Acknowledgment by Participant. By accepting this Grant, the Participant 
acknowledges that, with respect to any right to distribution pursuant to 
the Plan or this Grant, the Participant is and shall be an unsecured 
general creditor of the Company without any preference as against other 
unsecured general creditors of the Company, and the Participant hereby 
covenants for himself or herself, and anyone at any time claiming through 
or under the Participant, not to claim any such preference, and hereby 
disclaims and waives any such preference which may at any time be at issue, 
to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law.

10.

Restrictions on Issuance or Transfer of Shares of Company Stock.

(a)To the extent permitted by Code section 409A, the obligation of the 
Company to deliver shares of Company Stock upon the Participant earning the 
Performance Units shall be subject to the condition that shares of Company 
Stock be qualified for listing on the New York Stock Exchange or another 
securities exchange and be registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as 
amended, and that any consent or approval of any governmental regulatory 
body that is necessary to issue shares of Company Stock has been so 
obtained, and that shares of Company Stock may not be issued in whole or in 
part unless such listing, registration, qualification, consent or approval 
shall have been effected or obtained free of any conditions not acceptable 
to the Committee.

(b)The issuance of shares of Company Stock and the payment of cash to the 
Participant pursuant to this Grant is subject to any applicable taxes and 
other laws or regulations of the United States or of any state having 
jurisdiction thereof.

(c)As a condition to receive any shares of Company Stock upon conversion of 
the earned Performance Units, the Participant agrees:

(i)to be bound by, and to comply with, the Company’s policies and practices 
(as they may be in effect from time to time) regarding the restrictions or 
limitations on the transfer of such shares, and understands that the 
Participant may be restricted or prohibited at any time and/or from time to 
time from selling, transferring, pledging, donating, assigning, margining, 
mortgaging, hypothecating or otherwise encumbering the shares in accordance 
with such policies and practices, including without limitation the 
Company’s Personal Securities and Insider Trading Policy; and

(ii)that any shares of Company Stock received by the Participant upon the 
distribution of the earned Performance Units pursuant to this Grant shall 
be subject to the guidelines and restrictions set forth in the Company’s 
Executive Stock Ownership Guidelines and Executive Stock Retention 
Requirements, effective as of March 4, 2015 (and as they may be amended, 
restated, supplemented and interpreted), and any applicable clawback or 
recoupment policies and other policies

5
 
 
 
 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
 
that may be implemented by the Company’s Board of Directors or a duly 
authorized committee thereof, from time to time.

11.

Participant Undertaking.  The Participant agrees to take whatever 
additional actions and execute whatever additional documents the Company 
may in its reasonable judgment deem necessary or advisable in order to 
carry out or effect one or more of the obligations or restrictions imposed 
on the Participant pursuant to the provisions of this Grant.

12.

Grant Subject to Plan Provisions. This Grant is made pursuant to the Plan, 
the terms of which are incorporated herein by reference, and in all 
respects shall be interpreted in accordance with the Plan. In the event of 
any contradiction, distinction or difference between this Grant and the 
terms of the Plan, the terms of the Plan will control. Except as otherwise 
defined in this Grant, capitalized terms used in this Grant shall have the 
meanings set forth in the Plan. This Grant is subject to the 
interpretations, regulations and determinations concerning the Plan 
established from time to time by the Committee in accordance with the 
provisions of the Plan, including, but not limited to, provisions 
pertaining to (a) rights and obligations with respect to withholding taxes, 
(b) the registration, qualification or listing of the shares of Company 
Stock, (c) changes in capitalization of the Company, and (d) other 
requirements of applicable law. The Committee shall have the authority to 
interpret and construe this Grant pursuant to the terms of the Plan, its 
decisions shall be conclusive as to any questions arising hereunder.  By 
accepting this Grant, the Participant agrees (i) to be bound by the terms 
of the Plan and this Grant, (ii) to be bound by the determinations and 
decisions of the Committee with respect to this Grant, the Plan and the 
Participant’s rights to benefits under this Grant and the Plan, and (iii) 
that all such determinations and decisions of the Committee shall be 
binding on the Participant, his or her beneficiaries and any other person 
having or claiming an interest under this Grant and the Plan on behalf of 
the Participant.

13.

No Rights as Stockholder. The Participant shall not have any rights as a 
stockholder of the Company, including the right to any cash dividends 
(except with respect to the dividend equivalent rights provided in 
Paragraph 7), or the right to vote, with respect to any Performance Units.

14.

No Rights to Continued Employment or Service. This Grant shall not confer 
upon the Participant any right to be retained in the employment or service 
of the Employer and shall not interfere in any way with the right of the 
Employer to terminate the Participant’s employment or service at any time. 
The right of the Employer to terminate at will the Participant’s employment 
or service at any time for any reason is specifically reserved.

15.

Assignment and Transfers. No Performance Units or dividend equivalents 
awarded to the Participant under this Grant may be transferred, assigned, 
pledged, or encumbered by the Participant and the Performance Units and 
dividend equivalents shall be distributed during the lifetime of the 
Participant only for the benefit of the Participant. Any attempt to 
transfer, assign, pledge, or encumber the Performance Units or dividend 
equivalents under this Grant by the Participant shall be null, void and 
without effect. The rights and protections of the Company hereunder shall 
extend to any successors or assigns of the Company. This Grant may be 
assigned by the Company without the Participant’s consent.

6
 
 
 
 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
 
16.

Withholding. The Participant shall be required to pay to the Employer, or 
make other arrangements satisfactory to the Employer to provide for the 
payment of, any federal, state, local or other taxes that the Employer is 
required to withhold with respect to the grant, vesting and distribution of 
the Performance Units and dividend equivalents. Any tax withholding 
obligation of the Employer with respect to the distribution of shares of 
Company Stock pursuant to the Performance Units that are earned by the 
Participant under this Grant may, at the Committee’s discretion, be 
satisfied by having shares of Company Stock withheld up to an amount that 
does not exceed the minimum applicable withholding tax rate for federal 
(including FICA), state, local and other tax liabilities.

17.

Effect on Other Benefits. The value of shares of Company Stock and dividend 
equivalents distributed with respect to the Performance Units shall not be 
considered eligible earnings for purposes of any other plans maintained by 
the Company or the Employer. Neither shall such value be considered part of 
the Participant’s compensation for purposes of determining or calculating 
other benefits that are based on compensation, such as life insurance.

18.

Applicable Law. The validity, construction, interpretation and effect of 
this Grant shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws 
of the State of Delaware, without giving effect to the conflict of laws 
provisions thereof.

19.

Notice. Any notice to the Company provided for in this instrument shall be 
addressed to the Company in care of the General Counsel at the Company’s 
corporate headquarters, and any notice to the Participant shall be 
addressed to such Participant at the current address shown on the payroll 
records of the Employer, or to such other address as the Participant may 
designate to the Employer in writing. Any notice shall be (i) delivered by 
hand, (ii) delivered by a national overnight courier or delivery service, 
(iii) enclosed in a properly sealed envelope addressed as stated above, 
registered and deposited, postage prepaid, in a post office regularly 
maintained by the United States Postal Service, or (iv) in the case of 
notices by the Company to the Participant, such notices may be delivered by 
e-mail or other electronic means (with confirmation of receipt to be made 
by any oral, electronic or written means).

20.

Taxation; Code Section 409A. As applicable, this Grant is intended to 
comply with the requirements of section 409A of the Code and shall be 
interpreted and administered in accordance with Code section 409A.  
Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary herein, if the Performance 
Units constitute “deferred compensation” under section 409A of the Code, 
distributions made with respect to this Grant may only be made in a manner 
and upon an event permitted by Code section 409A.  To the extent that any 
provision of the Grant would cause a conflict with the requirements of Code 
section 409A, or would cause the administration of the Grant to fail to 
satisfy the requirements of Code section 409A, such provision shall, to the 
extent practicable if permitted by applicable law, be deemed null and void. 
 In the event that it is determined not feasible to void a provision of 
this Grant, such provision shall be construed in a manner as to comply with 
the Code section 409A requirements. This Grant may be amended without the 
consent of the Participant in any respect deemed by the Committee or its 
delegate to be necessary in order to comply with Code section 409A. Unless 
a valid election is made pursuant to Paragraph 6 above, in no event may the 
Participant, directly or indirectly, designate the calendar year of 
distribution.  Notwithstanding anything in the Plan or the Grant to the 
contrary, the Participant shall be solely responsible for the

7
 
 
 
 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
 

tax consequences of this Grant, and in no event shall the Company have any 
responsibility or liability if this Grant does not meet any applicable 
requirements of Code section 409A.

21.

Severability.  In the event one or more of the provisions of this Grant 
should, for any reason, be held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in 
any respect, such invalidity, illegality or unenforceability will not 
affect any other provisions of this Grant, and this Grant will be construed 
as if such invalid, illegal or unenforceable provision had never been 
contained herein.

[SIGNATURE PAGE FOLLOWS]
 
 
 


8
 
 
 
 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused its duly authorized officer to 
execute this Grant, effective as of the Date of Grant.

AMERICAN WATER WORKS COMPANY, INC.
 
By:Susan N. Story
 
 
 
Its:  President and CEO


9
 
 
 
 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
 
 
“PSU GRANT B – EPS”

EXHIBIT A

PERFORMANCE GOAL

 

To satisfy the provisions under 162m, a “plan within a plan” approach, 
using a threshold goal of positive net income, on a GAAP basis over the 
period 1/1/2017 to 12/31/2019, to fund the payout pool.  

Once threshold performance has been achieved, the LTPP pool funds up to the 
200% maximum allowed per participant under the “inside” plan, as outlined 
below.  Negative discretion may be applied by the Committee based on the 
performance of the “inside” plan criteria.

The number of Performance Units that may be earned shall be determined 
based on the achievement of Compounded Earnings Per Share Growth (as 
described below) over the Performance Period.

Compounded Earnings Per Share (“EPS”) Growth – will be calculated based on 
fully diluted EPS calculated in accordance with US GAAP as reported in the 
Company’s audited consolidated financial statements adjusted to exclude all 
items of gain, loss or expense for the fiscal year determined to be 
extraordinary or unusual in nature or infrequent in occurrence or related 
to the disposal of a segment of a business or related to a change in 
accounting principle. The starting point for the calculation will be 
adjusted EPS of $2.84 for the year ended December 31, 2016. The ending 
point for the calculation will be EPS for the year ended December 31, 2019, 
adjusted to exclude all items of gain, loss or expense for the fiscal year 
determined to be extraordinary or unusual in nature or infrequent in 
occurrence or related to the disposal of a segment of a business or related 
to a change in accounting principle.

As soon as administratively practicable following the end of the 
Performance Period, the Committee will certify the level of achievement of 
the Compounded EPS Growth.

The award scale for Compounded EPS Growth is as follows:
 
 
 
 
 
 
Compounded EPS Growth
 
Actual
Compounded
Growth
  
Target Award
 
12.0% or more
 
 
200%
 
 
 
 
 
 
10.0%
  
 
175%
 
 
 
 
 
 
7.8%
  
 
      100%
 
 
 
 
 
 
6.0%
  
 
        25%
 

10
 
 
 
 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
      <= 5.99%
  
 
    0%
 
If actual achievement of the Performance Goal do not meet threshold 
performance (i.e., less than 6.0% for Compounded EPS Growth, then that 
Performance Goal will be reflected in the final result for determining the 
number of earned Performance Units at its assigned weighting with a 0%. The 
maximum award that may be earned for each Performance Goal is capped at 
200%, and the maximum award that may be earned by the Participant is capped 
at 200% of the Target Award.
 
 
Example:
The following is an example calculation for a Participant with a Target 
Award of 1,000 Performance Units:

Earnings Per Share
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
12/31/2016
 
 
12/31/2019
 
 
  
Adjusted
 
 
Illustration
 
 
 
 
Adjusted diluted earnings per share from continuing operations
  
$
2.84
 
 
$
3.06
  
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Compounded annual growth rate
  
 
 
 
 
 
8.06%
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

Earned Performance Units
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
Achievement
 
 
Award
 
 
Weighting
 
 
Weighted
Payout
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Compounded Earnings Per Share Growth
  
 
  8.06%
 
 
        
109.4%
 
 
 
100%
 
 
 
109.4%
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
In this example, the individual who was awarded a Target Grant of 1,000 
Performance Units would earn 1,094 Performance Units (1,000 x 1.094), which 
is convertible into an equivalent number of shares of Company Stock 
assuming all other terms and conditions of the Grant have been satisfied.
 

11
 
 
 
 
 