 EX-10.1 2 t1700402_ex10-1.htm EXHIBIT10.1
 
Exhibit 10.1
 
VAPOR CORP.
 
EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN
 
NON-QUALIFIED STOCK OPTION AGREEMENT
 
All capitalized terms used in this Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement, 
but not otherwise defined herein, shall have the meanings ascribed to them 
in the Vapor Corp. Equity Incentive Plan (the “Plan”).
     
I. 	NOTICE OF STOCK OPTION GRANT
 
Optionee Name: 	Christopher Santi
  	 
Address: 	3227 N.E. 40th Street, Ft. Lauderdale, FL 33308
 
The Optionee (as designated above) has been granted an Option to purchase 
shares (the “Shares”) of common stock of Vapor Corp. (the “Company”), 
subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan and this Non-Qualified 
Stock Option Agreement, as follows:
 
Date of Grant: 	February 2, 2017
  	 
Exercise Price per Share: 	$0.0001
  	 
No. of Shares Subject to Option: 	25,000,000,000
  	 
Type of Option: 	Non-Qualified Stock Option
 
Expiration Date:  February 1, 2027, subject to earlier expiration as 
provided in Section 3 of this Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement.
 
Vesting and Exercise Schedule:  This Option shall vest and become 
exercisable according to Schedule I hereto.
     
II. 	NON-QUALIFIED STOCK OPTION AGREEMENT
 
1.         Grant of Option.  The Company hereby grants to the Optionee 
named in the Notice of Stock Option Grant (the “Optionee”), an option (the 
“Option”) to purchase the number of Shares set forth in the Notice of Stock 
Option Grant, at the exercise price per Share set forth in the Notice of 
Stock Option Grant (the “Exercise Price”), and subject to the terms and 
conditions of the Plan, which is incorporated herein by reference.  The 
terms and conditions of this Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement (the “
Option Agreement”) are subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan.
 
2.         Exercise of Option.
 
(a)          Right to Exercise.  The Option shall be exercisable during its 
term in accordance with the applicable provisions of the Plan and this 
Option Agreement.
 

 

 

 
(b)          Method of Exercise.  The Option shall be exercisable by 
delivery of an exercise notice in the form attached as Exhibit A (the “
Exercise Notice”) which shall state the election to exercise the Option, 
the number of Shares with respect to which the Option is being exercised, 
and such other representations and agreements as may be required by the 
Company.
 
The Option shall be deemed exercised when the Company receives (i) written 
or electronic notice of exercise (in accordance with this Option Agreement) 
from the Optionee (or other person entitled to exercise the Option), (ii) 
full payment for the Shares with respect to which the Option is exercised, 
(iii) payment of any required tax withholding; and (iv) any other documents 
required by this Option Agreement or the Exercise Notice.  Full payment may 
consist of any consideration and method of payment permitted by this Option 
Agreement.  Shares issued upon exercise of an Option shall be issued in the 
name of the Optionee or, if requested by the Optionee and permitted under 
applicable law, in the name of the Optionee and his or her spouse.  Until 
the Shares are issued (as evidenced by the appropriate entry on the books 
of the Company or of a duly authorized transfer agent of the Company), no 
right to vote or receive dividends or any other rights as a stockholder 
shall exist with respect to the Shares, notwithstanding the exercise of the 
Option.  The Company shall issue (or cause to be issued) such Shares 
promptly after the Option is exercised.  No adjustment will be made for a 
dividend or other right for which the record date is prior to the date the 
Shares are issued, except as provided in the Plan.
 
Exercise of the Option in any manner shall result in a decrease in the 
number of Shares thereafter available for sale under the Option, by the 
number of Shares as to which the Option is exercised.
 
(c)          Legal Compliance.  No Shares shall be issued pursuant to the 
exercise of the Option unless such issuance and such exercise complies with 
applicable laws (including rules and regulations promulgated thereunder) 
and the requirements of any governmental or regulatory agency or stock 
exchange.  Assuming such compliance, for income tax purposes the Shares 
shall be considered transferred to the Optionee on the date on which the 
Option is exercised with respect to such Shares.
 
(d)          Vesting Acceleration.  Upon Optionee’s Termination by reason 
of death or Disability, the Option as of the date of Termination shall vest 
to the extent not fully vested and immediately become exercisable.  
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in this Option Agreement 
or the Plan, the Option shall vest to the extent not fully vested and 
immediately become exercisable as expressly provided for in any employment 
agreement or other written agreement between Optionee and the Company in 
effect as of the date hereof and during the term of the Option.
 
(e)          Limitations on Exercises.  Notwithstanding anything to the 
contrary contained in this Option Agreement, this Option shall not be 
exercisable or exchangeable by the Optionee hereof to the extent (but only 
to the extent) that the Optionee or any of its Affiliates (as defined in 
the 1934 Act) would beneficially own in excess of 19.99% (the “Maximum 
Percentage”) of the outstanding Common Stock.  To the extent the above 
limitation applies, the determination of whether this Option shall be 
exercisable or exchangeable (vis-à-vis other convertible, exercisable or 
exchangeable securities owned by the Optionee or any of its Affiliates) and 
of which such securities shall be exercisable (as among all such securities 
owned
 

 2

 

 
by the Optionee) shall, subject to such Maximum Percentage limitation, be 
determined on the basis of the first submission to the Company for 
conversion, exercise or exchange (as the case may be). No prior inability 
to exercise or exchange this Option pursuant to this paragraph shall have 
any effect on the applicability of the provisions of this paragraph with 
respect to any subsequent determination of exercisability or 
exchangeability.  For the purposes of this paragraph, beneficial ownership 
and all determinations and calculations (including, without limitation, 
with respect to calculations of percentage ownership) shall be determined 
in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as 
amended (the “1934 Act”), and the rules and regulations promulgated 
thereunder.  The provisions of this paragraph shall be implemented in a 
manner otherwise than in strict conformity with the terms of this paragraph 
to correct this paragraph (or any portion hereof) which may be defective or 
inconsistent with the intended Maximum Percentage beneficial ownership 
limitation herein contained or to make changes or supplements necessary or 
desirable to properly give effect to such Maximum Percentage limitation.  
The limitations contained in this paragraph shall apply to a successor 
Optionee of this Option.  The Company may not amend or waive this paragraph 
without the approval of the Company’s board of directors; provided that the 
Optionee must abstain from participating in such approval in the event 
Optionee is a director at such time.  For any reason at any time, upon the 
written or oral request of the Optionee, the Company shall within one (1) 
Business Day confirm orally and in writing to the Optionee the number of 
shares of Common Stock then outstanding, including by virtue of any prior 
conversion or exercise or exchange of convertible or exercisable or 
exchangeable securities into Common Stock, including, without limitation, 
pursuant to this Option Agreement.  
 
3.          Term.  Optionee may only exercise the Option to the extent 
vested during the term of the Option.  The term of the Option commences on 
the Date of Grant specified above in Part I. Notice of Stock Option Grant 
and shall terminate upon the earliest to occur:
 
(a)        Ninety (90) days following Optionee’s Termination for any reason 
other than his/her Retirement, death, Disability or for Cause (as defined 
below);
 
(b)        Immediately upon Optionee’s Termination for Cause;
 
(c)        One hundred eighty (180) days following Optionee’s Termination 
by reason of his/her Retirement or death;
 
(d)        Three hundred sixty-five (365) days following Optionee’s 
Termination by reason of his/her Disability; or
 
(e)        The Expiration Date specified above in Part I. Notice of Stock 
Option Grant.
 
For purposes hereof, the term “Cause” shall have the same meaning as 
“cause” or “for cause” set forth in any employment, consulting, or other 
agreement for the performance of services between Optionee and the Company 
or any Affiliate thereof or, in the absence of any such agreement or any 
such definition in such agreement, such term shall mean (i) the failure by 
Option to perform, in a reasonable manner, his/her duties as assigned by 
the Company or an Affiliate thereof, (ii) any violation or breach by 
Optionee of his/her employment, consulting or
 

 3

 

 
other similar agreement with the Company or an Affiliate thereof, if any, 
(iii) any violation or breach by Optionee of any non-competition, 
non-solicitation, non-disclosure and/or other similar agreement with the 
Company or an Affiliate thereof, (iv) any act by Optionee of dishonesty or 
bad faith with respect to the Company or an Affiliate thereof, (v) use of 
alcohol, drugs or other similar substances in a manner that adversely 
affects Optionee’s work performance, or (vi) the commission by Optionee of 
any act, misdemeanor, or crime reflecting unfavorably upon Optionee or the 
Company or an Affiliate thereof. The good faith determination by the 
Committee or the Board, as applicable, of whether Optionee was Terminated 
by the Company for “Cause” shall be final and binding for all purposes 
hereunder.
 
Upon its termination, the Option shall have no further force or effect and 
Optionee shall have no further rights under the Option or to any Shares 
which have not been purchased pursuant to prior valid exercise of the 
Option.
 
4.          Method of Payment.  Payment of the Exercise Price shall be, to 
the extent permitted by applicable law, any combination of:
 
(a)          cash;
 
(b)          check;
 
(c)          by the delivery of proceeds from the sale of Shares pursuant 
to broker-assisted “cashless” exercise procedures and guidelines approved 
by the Board or the Committee, as applicable;
 
(d)          by the withholding of Shares issuable upon exercise of the 
Option; or
 
(e)          by the surrender and delivery to the Company of shares of 
common stock of the Company owned by the Optionee to the extent owned for 
such period of time, if any, required to avoid a charge to the earnings of 
the Company and/or an increase in the compensation expense incurred by the 
Company related to this Option for financial accounting purposes.
 
5.          Non-Transferability of Option.  This Option (in whole or in 
part) is transferable by will or by the laws of descent and distribution or 
pursuant to a domestic relations order.  This Option (in whole or in part) 
also may be transferable to a “family member” of Optionee upon written 
consent of the Company if the transfer is a bona fide gift and at the time 
of transfer, a Form S-8 registration statement under the Securities Act of 
1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”) is available for the exercise of 
the Option and the subsequent resale of the underlying Shares after such 
transfer.  In addition, Optionee may, by delivering written notice to the 
Company, in a form provided by or otherwise satisfactory to the Company, 
designate a third party who, in the event of the death of the Optionee, 
shall thereafter be entitled to exercise the Option.  For purposes hereof, 
the term “family member” shall have the meaning assigned to it in the 
general instructions of a Form S-8 registration statement (or any successor 
form adopted under the Securities Act).
 

 4

 

 
6.          Tax Obligations.
 
(a)          Tax Consequences.  Optionee has reviewed with Optionee’s own 
tax advisors the federal, state, local and foreign tax consequences of this 
Option.  Optionee is relying solely on such advisors and not on any 
statements or representations of the Company or any of its agents.  
Optionee understands that Optionee (and not the Company) shall be 
responsible for any tax liability that may arise as a result of the 
transactions contemplated by this Option Agreement and the Plan.
 
(b)          Withholding Taxes.  Optionee may satisfy any federal, state or 
local tax withholding obligation relating to the exercise or acquisition of 
Shares under this Option by any of the following means (in addition to the 
Company’s right to withhold from any compensation paid to the Optionee by 
the Company) or by a combination of such means: (i) tendering a cash 
payment; (ii) authorizing the Company to withhold Shares from the Shares 
otherwise issuable to Optionee as a result of the exercise or acquisition 
of stock under this Option; provided, however, that no Shares are withheld 
with a value exceeding the minimum amount of tax required to be withheld by 
law; or (iii) delivering to the Company owned and unencumbered Shares. 
Optionee agrees to make appropriate arrangements with the Company for the 
satisfaction of all federal, state, local and foreign income and employment 
tax withholding requirements applicable to the Option exercise.  Optionee 
acknowledges and agrees that the Company may refuse to honor the exercise 
and refuse to deliver Shares if such withholding amounts are not delivered 
at the time of exercise.  The preceding to the contrary notwithstanding, 
the Company, in its sole discretion, and in compliance with any applicable 
laws and/or the requirements or any governmental or regulatory agency or 
stock exchange, may withhold from the Shares otherwise deliverable to 
Optionee upon the exercise of this Option a number of whole Shares having a 
Fair Market Value, as determined by the Company as of the date the Optionee 
recognizes income with respect to those Shares, not in excess of the amount 
of minimum tax required to be withheld by law (or such other amount as may 
be necessary to avoid adverse financial accounting treatment). Any adverse 
consequences to Optionee arising in connection with such Shares withholding 
procedure shall be the Optionee’s sole responsibility.
 
7.          Entire Agreement: Governing Law.  The Plan and this Option 
Agreement constitute the entire agreement of the parties with respect to 
the subject matter hereof and supersede in their entirety all prior 
undertakings and agreements of the Company and Optionee with respect to the 
subject matter hereof, and may not be modified adversely to the Optionee’s 
interest except by means of a writing signed by the Company and Optionee.  
This Option Agreement shall be construed and enforced under the laws of the 
State of Florida, without regard to choice of law provisions thereof.
 
8.          No Obligation to Employ.  Optionee acknowledges and agrees that 
nothing in this Option Agreement or the Plan shall confer or shall be 
deemed to confer upon Optionee any right to continue in the employ of, or 
to continue any other business relationship with, the Company or Affiliate 
of the Company.
 
9.          Section 409A.  Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, 
this Option Agreement is intended to be interpreted and applied so this 
Option Agreement (including the Option) either shall be exempt from the 
requirements of Section 409A of the Code, or shall comply with the 
requirements of such provision.  Furthermore, the Company and its 
respective officers, directors, employees or agents make no guarantee that 
this Option Agreement complies
 

 5

 

 
with, or is exempt from, the provisions of Section 409A of the Code and 
none of the foregoing shall have any liability for the failure of this 
Option Agreement to comply with, or be exempt from, the provisions of Code 
Section 409A.  The parties hereto agree to make such amendments from time 
to time to the terms and conditions of this Option Agreement as are 
necessary to ensure that this Option Agreement complies with the terms of 
and in a manner permitted by Section 409A of the Code and any regulation or 
other official guidance promulgated thereunder.
 
[Signature Page Follows]
 

 6

 

 
Optionee acknowledges receipt of a copy of the Plan and represents that he 
or she is familiar with the terms and provisions thereof, and hereby 
accepts this Option Agreement and Option subject to all of the terms and 
provisions thereof.  Optionee has reviewed the Plan and this Option 
Agreement in their entirety.  Optionee hereby agrees to accept as binding, 
conclusive and final all decisions or interpretations of the Committee or 
the Board, as applicable, upon any questions arising under the Plan or this 
Option Agreement.  Optionee further agrees to notify the Company upon any 
change in the residence address indicated below.
 
OPTIONEE 	  	VAPOR CORP.
  	  	 
/s/ Christopher Santi 	  	 
Christopher Santi 	  	By:
  	  	 
  	  	 
  	  	Title:
 
[Signature Page of Option Agreement]
 

 7

 

 
EXHIBIT A
 
VAPOR CORP.
EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN
EXERCISE NOTICE
 
Vapor Corp.
3800 North 28th Way
Hollywood, Florida 33020
Attention: Chief Officer
 
1.          Exercise of Option. Effective as of today, Christopher Santi, 
the undersigned (“Optionee”) hereby elects to exercise Optionee’s option to 
purchase ______________ shares of the Common Stock (the “Shares”) of Vapor 
Corp. (the “Company”) under and pursuant to the Company’s Equity Incentive 
Plan (the “Plan”) and the Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement dated 
February 2, 2017 (the “Option Agreement”).
 
2.          Delivery of Payment and Required Documents. Optionee herewith 
delivers to the Company the exercise price of the Shares, as set forth in 
the Notice of Stock Option Grant in Part I of the Option Agreement, and any 
and all withholding taxes due in connection with the exercise of the 
Option. In addition, Optionee herewith delivers any other documents 
required by the Company.
 
3.          Representations of Optionee. Optionee acknowledges that 
Optionee has received, read and understood the Plan and the Option 
Agreement and agrees to abide by and be bound by their terms and 
conditions.
 
4.          Rights as Stockholder. Until the issuance of the Shares (as 
evidenced by the appropriate entry on the books of the Company or of a duly 
authorized transfer agent of the Company), no right to vote or receive 
dividends or any other rights as a stockholder shall exist with respect to 
the Shares, notwithstanding the exercise of the Option. The Shares shall be 
issued to the Optionee as soon as practicable after the Option is exercised 
in accordance with the Option Agreement. No adjustment shall be made for a 
dividend or other right for which the record date is prior to the date of 
issuance except as provided in the Plan.
 
5.          Tax Consultation. Optionee understands that Optionee may suffer 
adverse tax consequences as a result of Optionee’s purchase or disposition 
of the Shares. Optionee represents that Optionee has consulted with any tax 
consultants Optionee deems advisable in connection with the purchase or 
disposition of the Shares and that Optionee is not relying on the Company 
for any tax advice.
 
6.          Successors and Assigns. The Company may assign any of its 
rights under this Exercise Notice to single or multiple assignees, and this 
Exercise Notice shall inure to the benefit of the successors and assigns of 
the Company. Subject to the restrictions on transfer set forth in the 
Option Agreement, this Exercise Notice shall be binding upon Optionee and 
his or her heirs, executors, administrators, successors and assigns.
 

 

 

 
7.          Interpretation. Any dispute regarding the interpretation of 
this Exercise Notice shall be submitted by Optionee or by the Company 
forthwith to the Committee or the Board, as applicable, which shall review 
such dispute at its next regular meeting. The resolution of such a dispute 
by the Committee or the Board, as applicable, shall be final and binding on 
all parties.
 
8.          Government Law. This Exercise Notice shall be construed and 
enforced under the laws of the State of Florida, without regard to choice 
of law provisions thereof.
 
9.          Entire Agreement. The Plan and Option Agreement are 
incorporated herein by reference. All capitalized terms used herein but not 
otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings ascribed to them in the 
Option Agreement. This Exercise Notice, the Plan and the Option Agreement 
constitute the entire agreement of the parties with respect to the subject 
matter hereof and supersede in their entirety all prior undertakings and 
agreements of the Company and Optionee with respect to the subject matter 
hereof, and may not be modified adversely to the Optionee’s interest except 
by means of a writing signed by the Company and Optionee.
 
OPTIONEE 	  	VAPOR CORP.
  	  	 
  	  	 
Chris Santi 	  	By
  	  	 
  	  	 
  	  	Title
 

 2

 

 
Schedule I
Vesting Schedule
 
Grantee: 	Christopher Santi
 
Vesting:
 
On date hereof: 	  	25%
  	  	 
On the last date of each calendar quarter for
3 quarters (beginning March 31, 2017): 	  	25%
 

 

  