 EX-10.4 9 ex10_4.htm EXHIBIT 10.4
------------------------------------------------------------------------
Exhibit 10.4
 
GIGPEAK, INC.
AMENDED AND RESTATED
CHANGE IN CONTROL BONUS PLAN

1.          PURPOSE

The purpose of the GigPeak, Inc. Amended and Restated Change in Control 
Bonus Plan (the “Plan”) is to provide cash bonus payments to certain 
employees of GigPeak, Inc. (the “Company”) upon a change in control of the 
Company as further set forth herein.  The Plan is designed to promote the 
interests of the Company and its stockholders by providing an additional 
incentive to management and employees to maximize the value of the 
Company’s business and its common stock.

2.          DEFINITIONS

The following capitalized words as used herein shall have the following 
meanings:

(a)          “Affiliates” means all persons and entities directly or 
indirectly controlling, controlled by or under common control with the 
entity specified, where control may be by management authority, contract or 
equity interest.

(b)          “Award” means the contingent right of a Participant to receive 
a cash payment under the Plan upon a Change in Control of the Company, 
subject to such terms and conditions as the Committee may establish under 
the terms of the Plan.

(c)          “Board” means the Board of Directors of the Company.

(d)          “Bonus Percentage” means the sum, rounded to the nearest 
0.01%, of (i) four percent (4%) plus (ii) (A) 0.034 multiplied by (B) the 
premium of the amount paid to a stockholder in the Change in Control (or if 
a sale of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company, available 
for distribution to a stockholder of the Company from the proceeds of such 
sale) over the average closing price of a share of the Company’s common 
stock for the 90-day period ending immediately prior to the announcement of 
the Change in Control, for which such premium shall be expressed as a 
percentage.  The Bonus Percentage shall have a cap of five and one-half 
percent (5.5%).

(e)          A “Change in Control” shall be deemed to take place if 
hereafter any one or a combination of the following occur, provided such 
events or circumstances also constitute a change in ownership or effective 
control or a sale of substantially all of the assets of the Company under 
Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the “Code”): 
 (i) any “Person” or “group,” within the meaning of Section 13(d)(3) or 
14(d)(2) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the “Act”), other than the 
Company or any of its Affiliates, becomes a beneficial owner (within the 
meaning of Rule 13d-3 as promulgated under the Act), directly or 
indirectly, in one or a series of transactions, of securities representing 
fifty percent (50%) or more of the total number of votes that may be cast 
for the election of directors of the Company; (ii) the consummation of a 
merger or consolidation of the Company with any other Person (other than a 
member of the Company and/or its Affiliates), other than a merger or 
consolidation which would result in the voting securities of the Company 
outstanding immediately prior thereto continuing to represent (either by 
remaining outstanding or by being converted into voting securities of the 
surviving entity) more than fifty percent (50%) of the total voting power 
represented by the voting securities of the Company or such surviving 
entity outstanding immediately after such merger or consolidation; (iii) 
within twelve (12) months after a tender offer or exchange offer for voting 
securities of the Company (other than by the Company) the individuals who 
were directors of the Company immediately prior thereto shall cease to 
constitute a majority of the Board; or (iv) there occurs a closing of a 
sale or other disposition by the Company of all or substantially all of the 
assets of the Company other than to one or more of the Company’s 
Affiliates.


------------------------------------------------------------------------

(f)          “Committee” means the Compensation Committee of the Board, or 
such other committee or sub-committee of the Board as the Board may 
designate from time to time to administer the Plan.

(g)          “Company” means GigPeak, Inc. a Delaware Corporation.

(h)          “Participant” means an employee of the Company who has been 
granted an Award under the Plan.

(i)          “Plan” means the GigPeak, Inc. Change in Control Bonus Plan, 
as it may be amended from time to time.

(j)          “Sales Proceeds” means the aggregate fair market value of the 
gross consideration (cash and/or non-cash) received by the Company in a 
sale of its assets or its security holders in all other Changes in Control, 
but shall not include any amounts paid or payable for the following:  (i) 
any severance or other compensatory payments paid or payable to employees 
or consultants of the Company upon a Change in Control; (ii) any tax 
gross-up payments made in connection with Section 280G of the Code as may 
be paid or payable to employees or consultants of the Company upon a Change 
in Control in accordance with the terms of any plan, program or arrangement 
of the Company; (iii) any consulting, legal, accounting or other fees or 
costs paid in connection with the transaction triggering the Change in 
Control; and (iv) any other costs, fees or expenses as may be determined by 
the Committee in good faith immediately prior to the consummation of the 
Change in Control, taking into account such factors as the Committee deems 
appropriate.

3.          PLAN ADMINISTRATION

(a)          Committee Members.  The Plan shall be administered by the 
Committee.  The Committee shall have such powers and authority as may be 
necessary or appropriate for the Committee to carry out its functions as 
described in the Plan.  No member of the Committee shall be liable for any 
action or determination made in good faith by the Committee with respect to 
the Plan or any Award thereunder.

(b)          Discretionary Authority.  Subject to the express limitations 
of the Plan, the Committee shall have authority in its discretion to 
determine the time or times at which Awards may be granted, the recipients 
of Awards, and all other terms of Awards under the Plan.  The Committee 
shall also have discretionary authority to interpret the Plan, to make all 
factual determinations under the Plan, and to make all other determinations 
necessary or advisable for the administration of the Plan.  The Committee 
may prescribe, amend, and rescind rules and regulations relating to the 
Plan.  All interpretations, determinations, and actions by the Committee 
shall be final, conclusive, and binding upon all parties.


2

------------------------------------------------------------------------

4.          PARTICIPATION

An employee who is, or a group of employees of the Company who are, 
designated by the Committee to participate in the Plan shall be deemed to 
be Participants in the Plan.  The Committee may designate additional 
Participants from time to time as it shall determine in its sole discretion 
including such pool, group or division of employees of the Company as it 
deems appropriate.

5.          GRANT OF AWARDS

The Committee shall determine the Participants to whom Awards are granted 
under the Plan and the terms of payment under an Award in accordance with 
the terms of the Plan.

6.          PAYMENT OF AWARDS

(a)          Change in Control.  Payments to Participants under the Plan 
shall be made only upon the consummation of a Change in Control provided 
that the Participant remains employed by the Company at the time of such 
consummation in accordance with Section 7 hereof.  Payments to Participants 
shall be equal to an amount based on a percentage of the Bonus Pool (as 
defined below).

(b)          Bonus Pool; Limitation on Payments.  The aggregate amount of 
payments available for distribution to Participants with respect to any 
Change in Control (the “Bonus Pool”) shall be determined by multiplying the 
Sales Proceeds by the Bonus Percentage, but shall be no greater than 
$9,745,957.  To the extent that the aggregate payments under the Bonus Pool 
would otherwise exceed five and one-half percent (5.5%) of the Sales 
Proceeds, the Committee shall reduce all payments to Participants payable 
under the Bonus Pool in a manner that it determines to be equitable and 
appropriate under the circumstances in its sole discretion.

(c)          Time and Form of Payment.  All payments to Participants 
hereunder shall be made in single, lump-sum cash payments upon the 
consummation of the Change in Control transaction and in any event no later 
than March 15th of the year following consummation of the transaction.

(d)          Tax Withholding.  All payments under this Plan shall be 
subject to applicable Federal and state income and employment taxes and any 
other amounts that the Company is required by law to deduct and withhold 
from such payment.

7.          EMPLOYMENT REQUIREMENT

(a)          Termination prior to Change in Control.  Any payment to a 
Participant under the Plan shall be conditioned upon such Participant’s 
continued employment with the Company until the consummation of the Change 
in Control. A Participant shall not be entitled to the payment under an 
Award if his or her employment is terminated at any time or for any reason 
prior to the consummation of a Change in Control, including by reason of 
death, disability, retirement, voluntary or involuntary termination, or 
termination with or without cause.


3

------------------------------------------------------------------------

(b)          Termination following a Change in Control.  The termination of 
a Participant’s employment upon or following the consummation of a Change 
in Control shall not affect the Participant’s right to payment under an 
Award, regardless of the reason for such termination.

8.          UNFUNDED STATUS

All rights of Participants to benefits under the Plan are unfunded 
obligations of the Company. Plan benefits shall be paid from the general 
assets of the Company, and each of the Participants shall have the status 
of an unsecured general creditor of the Company with respect to all 
interests under the Plan.

9.          TIMING OF PAYMENT

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, if at the time of a 
Participant’s separation from service the Participant is a “specified 
employee,” as hereinafter defined, any and all amounts payable under the 
Plan on account of that separation from service that constitute deferred 
compensation subject to Section 409A of the Code, as determined by the 
Company in its reasonable good faith discretion, and that would (but for 
this provision) be payable within six (6) months following the date of 
termination, shall instead be paid on the next business day following the 
expiration of that six month period.  For purposes of the Plan, the phrase 
“termination of employment“ and correlative phrases mean a “separation from 
service” as defined in Treas. Regs.§1.409A-1(h), and the term “specified 
employee” means an individual determined by the Company to be a specified 
employee under Treas. Regs.§1.409A-1(i).

10.          GENERAL PROVISIONS

(a)          Effective Date.  This Plan amends and restates the GigPeak, 
Inc. Change in Control Bonus Plan that became effective on November 17, 
2016.  The Plan is effective as of February 11, 2017.

(b)          Amendment and Termination.  The Company may, by action of the 
Board, amend or terminate the Plan at any time, provided that any resulting 
reduction in a Participant’s right to payment under a previously granted 
Award shall be compensated for by a replacement plan or arrangement of 
comparable or greater value to the affected Participant.

(c)          Other Benefits; No Right to Employment.  No payments hereunder 
shall count toward, be substituted in lieu of, or be considered in 
determining payments or benefits due to an Participant under applicable law 
or under any other plan, program or agreement of the Company. Nothing in 
the Plan shall be deemed to give any Participant the right to remain 
employed by the Company or to limit, in any way, the right of the Company 
to terminate, or to change the terms of, a Participant’s employment at any 
time.

(d)          Governing Law.  The Plan shall be governed by and construed in 
accordance with the laws of California, without regard to otherwise 
applicable choice-of-law rules.

4
------------------------------------------------------------------------