 EX-10.1 2 myovantex101q32016.htm EXHIBIT 10.1




Exhibit 10.1


EXECUTION COPY


AMENDED AND RESTATED SERVICES AGREEMENT


This Amended and Restated Services Agreement (the “Agreement”) is entered 
into effective as of November 11, 2016 (the “Effective Date”), by and among 
Roivant Sciences, Inc., a corporation organized under the laws of the State 
of Delaware (“Service Provider”), Myovant Sciences GmbH, a company with 
limited liability organized under the laws of the country of Switzerland (“
MSG”), Myovant Sciences, Inc. (f/k/a Roivant Endocrinology, Inc.), a 
corporation organized under the laws of the State of Delaware (“MSI”), and 
Myovant Sciences Ltd. (f/k/a Roivant Endocrinology Ltd.), an exempted 
limited company organized under the laws of the country of Bermuda (“MSL”, 
and together with MSI and MSG, the “Service Recipients” and each a “
Service Recipient”).


RECITALS


WHEREAS, Service Provider, MSI and MSL entered into that certain Services 
Agreement, dated as of April 29, 2016 (the “Original Services Agreement”), 
pursuant to which MSI and MSL engaged the services of Service Provider in 
consideration for a fee;


WHEREAS, the Parties hereto desire to add MSG as one of the service 
recipients to the Original Services Agreement in connection with the 
contribution and assignment by MSL to MSG of certain assigned assets 
pursuant to that certain Asset Contribution Agreement, dated November 11, 
2016, by and between MSL and MSG;


WHEREAS, the Parties hereto desire to amend and restate the Original 
Services Agreement in its entirety as set forth herein to reflect the 
addition of MSG as one of the service recipients to the Original Services 
Agreement;


WHEREAS, MSG is a biotechnology company focused on acquiring, developing 
and commercializing late-stage endocrinology drug candidates, including 
non-strategic endocrinology assets from large pharmaceutical companies, 
distressed endocrinology drug candidates from small biotech companies, 
endocrinology drugs or novel approaches from universities, and high-risk 
endocrinology projects abandoned by conventional biopharmaceutical firms;


WHEREAS, MSI has agreed to provide certain preparatory services in relation 
to the identification of potential endocrinology drug asset candidates, 
managing the performance of clinical trials or other research and 
development activities, performing or evaluating scientific and statistical 
analyses, and various administrative matters pursuant to that certain 
Amended and Restated Services Agreement among MSL, MSI and MSG, dated as of 
November 3, 2016 (the “MSL-MSI-MSG Services Agreement”);


WHEREAS, Service Provider is capable of providing preparatory services in 
relation to the identification of potential endocrinology drug asset 
candidates, managing the performance of clinical trials or other research 
and development activities, performing or evaluating scientific and 
statistical analyses, and various administrative matters and is also 
capable of assisting MSI in providing such services in connection with the 
MSL-MSI-MSG Services Agreement; and



------------------------------------------------------------------------




WHEREAS, Service Recipients desire to engage the services of Service 
Provider until such time as MSI is able to provide all of the services 
required by MSG in connection with the MSL-MSI-MSG Services Agreement, and 
the Service Provider is willing to provide such services in consideration 
for a fee.


NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants, rights and 
obligations set forth herein and other good and valuable consideration, the 
receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties 
hereto agree as follows:


1.
DEFINITIONS
1.1
Affiliate. “Affiliate” shall mean any Person, whether de jure or de facto, 
other than a Party, that directly or indirectly owns, is owned by or is 
under common ownership with a Party to the extent of at least 50 percent of 
the equity having the power to vote on or direct the affairs of the entity, 
and any Person actually controlled by, controlling, or under common control 
with a Party.
1.2
Costs. “Costs” shall mean the fully-burdened cost incurred by the Service 
Provider and its Affiliates during any applicable month to provide the 
Services.  For purposes of this definition, the fully-burdened cost 
includes without limitation: (i) the costs of any materials used in 
providing the Services; (ii) the salary, benefits (if any) (including 
without limitation, medical plans and 401(k) or other retirement plans), 
and employment taxes (if any) of all the Service Provider’s employees 
involved in providing such services (excluding, however, any compensation 
that is provided to an employee or independent contractor in the form of 
equity instruments, options to acquire stock (stock options), rights with 
respect to (or determined by reference to) equity instruments or stock 
options, or any non-cash compensation provided by a third party to an 
employee or independent contractor); (iii) related overhead expenses 
(including, without limitation, cost of facilities and utilities costs, 
insurance, and the cost of all general support, operational and business 
services); (iv) any and all licensing fees paid or payable to Third Parties 
for any intellectual property incorporated into such services; and (v) any 
depreciation, amortization or other cost recovery for financial accounting 
purposes related to assets of the Service Provider to the extent such 
assets are used in providing the Services; provided, however, that the 
fully-burdened cost shall not include costs incurred by the Service 
Provider to engage a Third Party for the purpose of providing Services 
pursuant to Section 3.4 of the Agreement.
1.3
Marks. “Marks” shall mean and include trademarks, service marks, trade 
names, domain names, trade dress, logos, and similar designations, whether 
registered or unregistered, and all applications and registrations 
therefor.
1.4
Party. “Party” shall mean Service Provider or either Service Recipient, and 
“Parties” shall mean Service Provider and Service Recipients collectively.
1.5
Person. “Person” shall mean and include any individual, corporation, trust, 
estate, partnership, joint venture, company, association, governmental 
bureau or agency, or any other entity regardless of the type or nature 
thereof.
1.6
Third Party. “Third Party” shall mean any entity other than a Party or an 
Affiliate.

------------------------------------------------------------------------




1.7
Works. “Works” shall mean any work product, technical knowledge, creations, 
know-how, formulations, recipes, specifications, rights, devices, drawings, 
instructions, expertise, trade practices, customer lists, computer data, 
source codes, analytical and quality control data, Marks, copyrights, 
commercial information, inventions, works of authorship, designs, methods, 
processes, technology, patterns, techniques, data, , patents, trade 
secrets, copyrights, related contracts, licenses and agreements and the 
like, and all other intellectual property created, authored, composed, 
invented, discovered, performed, perfected, provided, acquired or learned 
by the Service Provider, whether solely or jointly with others, whether 
patented, patentable or not, whether in written form or otherwise, whether 
disclosed to Service Provider by either Service Recipient or otherwise, in 
performing its obligations under this Agreement, in each case, that (i) 
relates to intellectual property or potential intellectual property 
originating from research and development of any of Service Recipient or 
its affiliate’s drug products or portfolio candidates, and (ii) arises out 
of services provided directly or indirectly (e.g., through an employee, 
consultant clinical research organization, other vendor or other Third 
Party engaged by the Service Provider) in connection with such research and 
development.
1.8
Year. “Year” shall mean the 12-month period ending on March 31.
2.
ENGAGEMENT.
      Subject to the terms of this Agreement, each Service Recipient hereby
      engages the Service Provider to perform the services it requires from
      among those set forth on Exhibit A attached hereto (the “Services”).
      Any additional services requested by a Service Recipient that are not
      included within the Services shall, if mutually agreed upon by the
      Parties, each in its sole discretion, be negotiated and included in
      this Agreement through amendments to Exhibit A hereto. The scope of
      the Service Provider’s authority shall be specifically limited to
      those activities outlined in this Agreement.


3.
RELATIONSHIP OF THE PARTIES.
3.1
The Service Provider and the Service Recipients are each independent 
contractors and not joint venturers, partners, agents, or representatives 
of the other. The Service Provider shall perform the Services for the 
Service Recipients under this Agreement as an independent contractor and 
neither the Service Provider nor its employees, subcontractors or agents 
shall be deemed to be agents, servants or employees of either of the 
Service Recipients, nor shall the Service Provider and any of the Service 
Recipients be deemed or construed solely by this Agreement to be partners 
or joint venturers. The Service Provider shall have exclusive control over 
the direction and conduct of its employees in carrying out the activities 
required under this Agreement.
3.2
Neither the Service Provider nor its employees, subcontractors or agents 
shall have the authority to (i) negotiate the terms of or execute contracts 
and agreements of either of the Service Recipients (including letters of 
intent, even if non-binding), provided the Service Provider may suggest 
incorporating certain non-core agreement terms within the parameters and 
guidelines provided by the applicable Service Recipient; (ii) hire 
personnel for either of the Service Recipients; (iii) exercise binding 
authority with respect to the operations of either of the Service 
Recipients; (iv) make binding recommendations to either of the Service 
Recipients; (v) make decisions or have decision-making rights with respect 
to either of the Service Recipients; (vi) hold itself out as representing 
either of

------------------------------------------------------------------------




      the Service Recipients or as having the authority to negotiate the
      terms of or conclude contracts on behalf of either of the Service
      Recipients or (vii) perform services for either of the Service
      Recipients that are not covered by this Agreement.


3.3
The Service Provider and its employees, subcontractors or agents shall have 
the authority to (i) provide advice, assistance, direction and 
recommendations to the Service Recipients with respect to the operation of 
MSG; (ii) make recommendations on key points of contracts, without having 
the power to negotiate the terms of or conclude contracts or agreements on 
behalf of either of the Service Recipients; (iii) participate in 
discussions on contracts and agreements; (iv) arrange transactions between 
a Service Recipient and other parties, provided that the Service Provider 
does not make any actual decisions or participate in substantive 
activities, such as negotiations with respect to the terms of such 
transactions, provided the Service Provider may suggest incorporating 
certain non-core agreement terms within the parameters and guidelines 
provided by the applicable Service Recipient; and (v) contact banks in 
connection with raising capital for the Service Recipient, without having, 
in any circumstance, the power to negotiate the terms of or conclude 
contracts or agreements on behalf of either of the Service Recipients in 
connection with raising capital for MSG.
3.4
Engagement of Third Parties. The Service Provider may, with the prior 
consent of the applicable Service Recipient, engage such persons, 
corporations, or other entities as it reasonably deems necessary for the 
purpose of performing Services under this Agreement; provided, however, 
that the Service Provider shall remain responsible for the performance of 
all such Services and shall be considered to engage with such persons, 
corporations, or other entities in its own name and on its own behalf.
4.
FEES AND EXPENSES.
4.1
Each Service Recipient shall pay the Service Provider a fee in accordance 
with Exhibit B attached hereto for the Services provided to such Service 
Recipient hereunder. The rates specified in Exhibit B attached hereto shall 
be reviewed and may be updated from time to time by the Parties. Fees for 
Services performed by the Service Provider will be billed by the Service 
Provider to the applicable Service Recipient on a monthly basis. All other 
costs for Third Party services shall be billed, by or on behalf of the 
Service Provider, to the applicable Service Recipient, in such manner and 
format and with such supporting information as the Parties may reasonably 
agree from time to time. Payment for undisputed invoices received by the 
applicable Service Recipient shall be due within sixty (60) days after the 
billing date. Any fees and expenses not paid by the due date thereof shall 
accrue interest at the safe harbor interest rate based on the applicable 
Federal rate as set forth in U.S. Treasury Regulations Section 
1.482-2(a)(2)(iii)(B). All fees and expenses shall be invoiced and payable 
in U.S. dollars.
4.2
Yearly Reconciliation. The Parties shall perform a yearly reconciliation 
for the compensation amounts paid as follows:
      a.
Administrative Services Yearly Reconciliation.

------------------------------------------------------------------------




           i.
As soon as reasonably practicable following the close of each Year during 
the Term of this Agreement, the Parties will calculate the total service 
fee with respect to the activities listed in Exhibit A, subsection 1 
(“Administrative and Support Services”) owing under this Agreement by each 
Service Recipient for the Year (the “Exhibit B Administrative Services 
Fees”) by calculating the Service Provider’s Costs with respect to such 
services provided to the applicable Service Recipient and applying the 
mutually agreed mark-up percentage for such services determined in 
accordance with Exhibit B, and adding the amount of any third-party costs 
reimbursable under Exhibit B paragraph (c) that relate to such services. As 
soon as reasonably practicable following the close of each Year, the 
Parties shall also calculate the total amount of service fees actually paid 
by each Service Recipient for the Year under Section 4.1 with respect to 
the activities listed in Exhibit A, subsection 1 (“Administrative and 
Support Services”), adding the amount of any third-party costs reimbursable 
under Exhibit B paragraph (c) that relate to such services (the “Actual 
Administrative Services Fees”).
           ii.
If, for any Year, the total Actual Administrative Services Fees paid by a 
Service Recipient is greater than the Exhibit B Administrative Services 
Fees for such Service Recipient, there shall be deemed to exist an excess 
of service fee in an amount equal to the difference between the total 
Actual Administrative Services Fees paid by such Service Recipient and the 
total Exhibit B Administrative Services Fees for such Service Recipient for 
the Year (hereinafter “Administrative Services Excess”).
           iii.
If, for any Year, the total Actual Administrative Services Fees paid by a 
Service Recipient is less than the total Exhibit B Administrative Services 
Fees for such Service Recipient, there shall be deemed to exist a shortfall 
in an amount equal to the difference between the total Exhibit B 
Administrative Services Fees for such Service Recipient and the total 
Actual Administrative Services Fees paid by such Service Recipient 
(hereinafter “Administrative Services Shortfall”).

------------------------------------------------------------------------




     b.
Other Services Yearly Reconciliation.
           i.
As soon as reasonably practicable following the close of each Year during 
the Term of this Agreement, the Parties will calculate the total service 
fee with respect to the activities listed in Exhibit A, subsection 2 
(“Other Services”) owing under this Agreement by each Service Recipient for 
the Year (the “Exhibit B Other Services Fees”) by calculating the Service 
Provider’s Costs with respect to such services provided to the applicable 
Service Recipient and applying the mutually agreed mark-up percentage for 
such services determined in accordance with Exhibit B, and adding the 
amount of any third-party costs reimbursable under Exhibit B paragraph (c) 
that relate to such services. As soon as reasonably practicable following 
the close of each Year, the Parties shall also calculate the total amount 
of service fees actually paid by each Service Recipient for the Year under 
Section 4.1 with respect to the activities listed in Exhibit A, subsection 
1 (“Other Services”), adding the amount of any third-party costs 
reimbursable under Exhibit B paragraph (c) that relate to such services 
(the “Actual Other Services Fees”).
           ii.
If, for any Year, the total Actual Other Services Fees paid by a Service 
Recipient is greater than the Exhibit B Other Services Fees for such 
Service Recipient, there shall be deemed to exist an excess of service fee 
in an amount equal to the difference between the total Actual Other 
Services Fees paid by such Service Recipient and the total Exhibit B Other 
Services Fees for such Service Recipient for the Year (hereinafter “Other 
Services Excess”).
           iii.
If, for any Year, the total Actual Other Services Fees paid by a Service 
Recipient is less than the total Exhibit B Other Services Fees for such 
Service Recipient, there shall be deemed to exist a shortfall in an amount 
equal to the difference between the total Exhibit B Other Services Fees for 
such Service Recipient and the total Actual Other Services Fees paid by 
such Service Recipient (hereinafter “Other Services Shortfall”).
     c.
Settlement of Excess or Shortfall Amounts.
           i.
If, for any Year, (1) the sum of the Administrative Services Shortfall for 
a Service Recipient and the Other Services Shortfall for such Service 
Recipient exceeds (2) the sum of the Administrative Services Excess for 
such Service Recipient and the Other Services Excess for such Service 
Recipient (such excess amount, the “Net Shortfall”), such Service Recipient 
shall pay such Net Shortfall to Service Provider within thirty (30) days 
after the Exhibit B Administrative Services Fees, Exhibit B Other Services 
Fees, Actual Administrative Services Fees, and Actual Other Services Fees 
have been calculated for such Year.

------------------------------------------------------------------------




            ii.
If, for any Year, (1) the sum of the Administrative Services Excess for a 
Service Recipient and the Other Services Excess for such Service Recipient 
exceeds (2) the sum of the Administrative Services Shortfall for such 
Service Recipient and the Other Services Shortfall for such Service 
Recipient (such excess amount, the “Net Excess”), the Service Provider may 
(x) treat such Net Excess, in whole or in part, as a contribution to the 
capital of the Service Provider; or (y) treat such Net Excess, in whole or 
in part, as an overpayment to the Service Provider that must be repaid to 
such Service Recipient within 30 days after the end of the Year.
4.3
Withholding. The Service Recipients shall be entitled to deduct from any 
payments to Service Provider the amount of any withholding taxes with 
respect to such amounts payable, or any taxes in each case required to be 
withheld by the applicable Service Recipient to the extent that such 
Service Recipient pays to the appropriate governmental authority on behalf 
of Service Provider such taxes, levies, or charges. Such Service Recipient 
shall, upon the request of Service Provider, deliver to Service Provider 
proof of payment of all such taxes, levies, and other charges and the 
appropriate documentation that is necessary to obtain a tax credit, to the 
extent such tax credit can be obtained.
5.
ACCESS TO BOOKS AND RECORDS.
      Service Provider shall maintain books and records pertaining to the
      Services provided in any Year pursuant to this Agreement for ten (10)
      Years following the performance of such Services and shall make them
      available for inspection and audit, at the applicable Service
      Recipient’s expense, by a mutually acceptable independent certified
      public accounting firm during normal business hours upon reasonable
      prior written notice to Service Provider.


6.
CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION
6.1
Obligations.  The Parties acknowledge that, from time to time, one Party 
(the “Disclosing Party”) may disclose to another Party (the “Receiving 
Party”) information that is marked as “proprietary,” or “confidential,” or 
which would, under the circumstances, be understood by a reasonable person 
to be proprietary and nonpublic (“Confidential Information”). The Receiving 
Party shall retain such Confidential Information in confidence. Each Party 
shall use at least the same procedures and degree of care that it uses to 
protect its own Confidential Information of like importance, including 
those procedures used when disclosing Confidential Information to Third 
Parties, and in no event less than reasonable care.
6.2
Exceptions.  Nothing in this Agreement shall prevent the disclosure by the 
Receiving Party or its employees of Confidential Information that:
      a.
Prior to the transmittal thereof to Receiving Party was of general public 
knowledge;
      b.
Becomes, subsequent to the time of transmittal to Receiving Party, a matter 
of general public knowledge otherwise than as a consequence of a breach by 
Receiving Party of any obligation under this Agreement;
      c.
Is made public by Disclosing Party;

------------------------------------------------------------------------




      d.
Was in the possession of Receiving Party in documentary form prior to the 
time of disclosure thereof to Receiving Party by Disclosing Party, and is 
held by Receiving Party free of any obligation of confidence to Disclosing 
Party or any Third Party; or
      e.
Is received in good faith from a Third Party having the right to disclose 
it, who, to the best of Receiving Party’s knowledge, did not obtain the 
same from Disclosing Party and who imposed no obligation of secrecy on 
Receiving Party with respect to such information.
6.3
No Unauthorized Use. The Receiving Party shall refrain from using or 
exploiting any and all Confidential Information for any purposes or 
activities other than those contemplated in this Agreement or any other 
written agreement entered into by and between the Parties.
6.4
Survival. The Parties’ obligations under this Article 6 shall survive the 
termination of this Agreement for any reason whatsoever.
7.
OWNERSHIP OF INTANGIBLE PROPERTY
      Service Provider agrees that all right, title and interest in and to
      any and all Works will be owned exclusively by MSG. All Works, as
      applicable, shall be considered “works made for hire” to the extent
      permitted under applicable copyright law and will be considered the
      sole property of MSG. To the extent such Works are not considered
      “works made for hire,” all right, title, and interest to such Works,
      including, but not limited to, all copyrights, patents, trademarks,
      rights of publicity, and trade secrets, is hereby assigned by Service
      Provider to MSG and the Service Provider agrees, at MSG’s expense, to
      execute any documents requested by MSG or any successor in interest
      to MSG, at any time in relation to such assignment. Service Provider
      further acknowledges and agrees that any and all derivative works,
      developments, or improvements based on the Works, shall also be
      deemed Works and all right, title and interest therein shall be
      exclusively owned by MSG. Service Provider shall cooperate with MSG
      and any of its Affiliates, at no additional cost to such parties
      (whether during or after the term of this Agreement), in the
      confirmation, registration, protection and enforcement of the rights
      and property of MSG and its successors in interest in such Works. The
      Service Provider shall be entitled to use the Works only for purposes
      of performing the Services. The Service Provider shall not at any
      time do or cause to be done, or fail to do or cause to be done, any
      act or thing, directly or indirectly, contesting or in any way
      impairing either MSG’s right, title, or interest in the Intangible
      Property. Every use of any Works (and any derivative works,
      developments, or improvements based on the Works) by Service Provider
      shall inure to the benefit of MSG.



------------------------------------------------------------------------




8.
USE OF TRADEMARKS
      Each Service Recipient shall grant the Service Provider a right to
      use its Marks only in connection with the Services, provided that if
      a Service Recipient provides the Service Provider with reasonable
      written trademark guidelines governing the use of such Service
      Recipient’s Marks (which guidelines may be updated by such Service
      Recipient from time to time with prior written notice to the Service
      Provider), the Service Provider’s use of such Marks shall be subject
      to such written guidelines so provided. Notwithstanding the
      foregoing, the Service Provider will comply with all of such Service
      Recipient’s reasonable instructions and quality control requirements
      regarding such Service Provider’s use of its Marks. The Service
      Provider acknowledges that any of a Service Recipient’s Marks are
      owned and licensed solely and exclusively by such Service Recipient,
      and agrees to use such Marks only in the form and with appropriate
      legends as described by such Service Recipient. All use of a Service
      Recipient’s Marks and associated goodwill will inure to the benefit
      of such Service Recipient. All rights not expressly granted are
      reserved to the applicable Service Recipient. The Service Provider
      shall not remove, cover, or modify any proprietary rights notice or
      legend placed by the other party on materials used in connection with
      this Agreement.


9.
INDEMNIFICATION; LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
9.1
The Service Provider, to the maximum extent permitted by law, shall defend, 
protect, indemnify and hold the Service Recipients and their officers, 
employees and directors, as the case may be (“Indemnified Parties”), 
harmless from and against any and all losses, demands, damages (including, 
without limitation, special, consequential and punitive damages awarded to 
Third Parties), claims, liabilities, interest, awards, actions or causes of 
action, suits, judgments, settlements and compromises relating thereto, and 
all reasonable attorney’s fees and other fees and expenses in connection 
therewith (“Losses”) which may be incurred by an Indemnified Party, arising 
out of, due to, or in connection with, directly or indirectly, the 
provision of the Services or failure to provide the Services under this 
Agreement, except to the extent that such Losses are the result of the 
gross negligence or willful misconduct of an Indemnified Party.
9.2
The Service Provider’s liability for aggregate Losses under this Agreement 
for any cause whatsoever, and regardless of the form of action, whether in 
contract or in tort, shall be limited to the payments made by the Service 
Recipients under this Agreement for the specific Service that allegedly 
caused or was related to the Losses during the period in which the alleged 
Losses were incurred. In no event shall the Service Provider be liable for 
any Losses caused by a Service Recipient’s failure to perform such Service 
Recipient’s obligations under this Agreement.
9.3
NOTWITHSTANDING ANYTHING TO THE CONTRARY IN THIS AGREEMENT OR AT LAW OR IN 
EQUITY, IN NO EVENT SHALL EITHER PARTY BE LIABLE FOR PUNITIVE, SPECIAL, 
INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES TO THE OTHER PARTY OR ANY 
OTHER PERSON (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF BUSINESS 
PROFITS, BUSINESS INTERRUPTION, ACTIONS OF THIRD PARTIES OR ANY OTHER LOSS) 
ARISING FROM OR RELATING TO ANY CLAIM MADE UNDER THIS AGREEMENT OR THE 
PROVISION OR THE FAILURE TO PROVIDE THE SERVICES.

------------------------------------------------------------------------




10.
TERM AND TERMINATION
10.1
Term. This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and continue 
until terminated by a Party in accordance with this Section 10.1. A Party 
may terminate this Agreement at its discretion by giving written notice to 
the other Parties at least sixty (60) days before the proposed termination 
date. Section 12.14 and Article 6 shall survive the termination of this 
Agreement. The Service Recipients hereby specifically agree and acknowledge 
that all obligations of the Service Provider to provide any and all 
Services shall immediately cease upon termination of this Agreement. The 
Service Provider hereby specifically agrees and acknowledges that all of 
its rights to use Marks pursuant to Article 8 of this Agreement shall 
immediately cease upon termination of this Agreement. To the extent 
permitted by applicable law, no Party shall be liable to another Party for, 
and each Party hereby expressly waives any right to, any termination 
compensation of any kind or character whatsoever, to which such Party may 
be entitled solely by virtue of termination of this Agreement.
10.2
Rights and Duties on Termination. Upon termination of this Agreement for 
any reason, each Party shall cease all use of the other Party’s 
Confidential Information, and the Service Recipients shall pay Service 
Provider all accrued and unpaid fees for Services performed through the 
date of termination.
11.
COMPLIANCE WITH LAWS
11.1
General Compliance. The Parties shall at all times strictly comply with all 
applicable laws, rules, regulations, and governmental orders, now or 
hereafter in effect, relating to their performance of this Agreement. Each 
Party further agrees to make, obtain, and maintain in force at all times 
during the term of this Agreement, all filings, registrations, reports, 
licenses, permits, and authorizations (collectively, “Authorizations”) 
required under applicable law, regulation, or order for such Party to 
perform its obligations under this Agreement. The Service Recipients shall 
provide Service Provider with such assistance as Service Provider may 
reasonably request in making or obtaining any such Authorizations.
12.
GENERAL PROVISIONS
12.1
Notices. Any and all notices, elections, offers, acceptances, and demands 
permitted or required to be made under this Agreement shall be in writing, 
signed by the Party giving such notice, election, offer, acceptance, or 
demand and shall be delivered personally, by messenger, courier service, 
telecopy, first class mail or similar transmission, to the Party, at its 
address on file with the Party giving such notice, election, offer, 
acceptance or demand or at such other address as may be supplied in 
writing. The date of personal delivery or the date of mailing, as the case 
may be, shall be the date of such notice, election, offer, acceptance, or 
demand.

------------------------------------------------------------------------




12.2
Force Majeure. If the performance of any part of this Agreement by a Party, 
or of any obligation under this Agreement, is prevented, restricted, 
interfered with, or delayed by reason of any cause beyond the reasonable 
control of the Party liable to perform, unless conclusive evidence to the 
contrary is provided, the Party so affected shall, on giving written notice 
to the other Parties, be excused from such performance to the extent of 
such prevention, restriction, interference, or delay, provided that the 
affected Party shall use its reasonable best efforts to avoid or remove 
such causes of nonperformance and shall continue performance with the 
utmost dispatch whenever such causes are removed. When such circumstances 
arise, the Parties shall discuss what, if any, modification of the terms of 
this Agreement may be required in order to arrive at an equitable solution.
12.3
Successors and Assigns. This Agreement may not be assigned or otherwise 
conveyed by any Party without the prior written consent of the other 
Parties; provided however that such prior written consent will not be 
required for an assignment to an Affiliate of a Party. This Agreement shall 
be binding on and inure to the benefit of the Parties hereto and their 
respective successors, successors in title and assigns to the extent that 
such assignment is permitted under this paragraph.
12.4
Entire Agreement, Amendments. This Agreement constitutes the entire 
agreement between the Parties with respect to the subject matter hereof, 
and supersedes all prior agreements, understandings, and communications 
between the Parties, whether oral or written, relating to the same subject 
matter. No change, modification, or amendment of this Agreement shall be 
valid or binding on the Parties unless such change or modification shall be 
in writing signed by the Party or Parties against whom the same is sought 
to be enforced.
12.5
Remedies Cumulative. The remedies of the Parties under this Agreement are 
cumulative and shall not exclude any other remedies to which the Party may 
be lawfully entitled.
12.6
Other Persons. Nothing in this Agreement shall be construed to prevent or 
prohibit the Service Provider from providing services to any other Person 
or from engaging in any other business activity.
12.7
Not for the Benefit of Third Parties. This Agreement is for the exclusive 
benefit of the Parties to this Agreement and not for the benefit of any 
Third Party.
12.8
Further Assurances. Each Party hereby covenants and agrees that it shall 
execute and deliver such deeds and other documents as may be required to 
implement any of the provisions of this Agreement.
12.9
No Waiver. The failure of any Party to insist on strict performance of a 
covenant hereunder or of any obligation hereunder shall not be a waiver of 
such Party’s right to demand strict compliance therewith in the future, nor 
shall the same be construed as a novation of this Agreement.
12.10
Integration. This Agreement constitutes the full and complete agreement of 
the Parties.
12.11
Captions. Titles or captions of articles and paragraphs contained in this 
Agreement are inserted only as a matter of convenience and for reference, 
and in no way define, limit, extend, or describe the scope of this 
Agreement or the intent of any provision hereof.
12.12
Number and Gender. Whenever required by the context, the singular number 
shall include the plural, the plural number shall include the singular, and 
the gender of any pronoun shall include all genders.

------------------------------------------------------------------------




12.13
Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in multiple copies, each one 
of which shall be an original and all of which shall constitute one and the 
same document, binding on the Parties, and each Party hereby covenants and 
agrees to execute all duplicates or replacement counterparts of this 
Agreement as may be required.
12.14
Governing Law and Jurisdiction. THIS AGREEMENT AND THE LEGAL RELATIONS 
BETWEEN THE PARTIES HERETO SHALL BE GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE 
WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK, WITHOUT REGARD TO ANY CONFLICT OF 
LAWS RULES. THE COURTS LOCATED WITHIN THE STATE OF NEW YORK SHALL HAVE 
EXCLUSIVE JURISDICTION OVER ANY AND ALL DISPUTES BETWEEN THE PARTIES 
HERETO, WHETHER IN LAW OR EQUITY, ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS 
AGREEMENT AND THE AGREEMENTS, INSTRUMENTS AND DOCUMENTS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY 
AND THE PARTIES CONSENT TO AND AGREE TO SUBMIT TO THE EXCLUSIVE 
JURISDICTION OF SUCH COURTS. EACH OF THE PARTIES HEREBY WAIVES AND AGREES 
NOT TO ASSERT IN ANY SUCH DISPUTE, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY 
APPLICABLE LAW, ANY CLAIM THAT (A) SUCH PARTY IS NOT PERSONALLY SUBJECT TO 
THE JURISDICTION OF SUCH COURTS, (B) SUCH PARTY AND SUCH PARTY’S PROPERTY 
IS IMMUNE FROM ANY LEGAL PROCESS ISSUED BY SUCH COURTS OR (C) ANY 
LITIGATION OR OTHER PROCEEDING COMMENCED IN SUCH COURTS IS BROUGHT IN AN 
INCONVENIENT FORUM.
12.15
Computation of Time. Whenever the last day for the exercise of any 
privilege or the discharge of any duty hereunder shall fall on a Saturday, 
Sunday, or any public or legal holiday, whether local or national, the 
Party having such privilege or duty shall have until 5:00 p.m. (EST or, if 
in effect in New York, EDT) on the next succeeding business day to exercise 
such privilege, or to discharge such duty.
12.16
Severability. In the event any provision, clause, sentence, phrase, or word 
hereof, or the application thereof in any circumstances, is held to be 
invalid or unenforceable, such invalidity or unenforceability shall not 
affect the validity or enforceability of the remainder hereof, or of the 
application of any such provision, sentence, clause, phrase, or word in any 
other circumstances.
12.17
Costs and Expenses. Unless otherwise provided in this Agreement, each Party 
shall bear all fees and expenses incurred in performing its obligations 
under this Agreement.
12.18
Provisions of Law. A reference in this Agreement to a provision of law, 
regulation, rule, official directive, request, or guideline (whether or not 
having the force of law) of any governmental, intergovernmental or 
supranational body, agency, department or regulatory, self-regulatory, or 
other authority or organization is a reference to that provision as amended 
or re-enacted currently or in the future.
12.19
Meaning in Notices. Unless a contrary indication appears, a term used in 
any notice given under or in connection with this Agreement has the same 
meaning in that notice as in this Agreement.
(The remainder of this page has been intentionally left blank)



------------------------------------------------------------------------




IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be 
executed by their duly authorized officers effective as of the date first 
above written.


MYOVANT SCIENCES LTD.
ROIVANT SCIENCES, INC.
/s/ Marianne L. Romeo
/s/ Matthew Gline
      By: Marianne L. Romeo
      By: Matthew Gline
      Title: Head, Global Transaction & Risk Management
      Title: SVP, Finance and Business Operations
      Date: 13 February 2017
      Date: February 13, 2017
 
 
 
 
MYOVANT SCIENCES, INC.
MYOVANT SCIENCES GMBH
 
 
 
 
 
 
/s/ Lynn Seely
/s/ Ruben Masar
      By: Lynn Seely
      By: Ruben Masar
      Title: President and Chief Executive Officer
      Title: Secretary
      Date: February 13, 2017
      Date: 13 February 2017
 
 


















------------------------------------------------------------------------




EXHIBIT A


SERVICES PROVIDED


1.
Administrative and Support Services. Various administrative and supportive 
services, which may include, but are not limited to:
            (a) Payroll
            (b) Accounts Receivable
            (c) Accounts Payable
            (d) General Administrative
              (e) Corporate and Public Relations (including advertising,
              investor relations and/or financial marketing)
            (f) Meeting Coordination and Travel Planning
            (g) Accounting and Auditing
            (h) Tax
            (i) Budgeting
            (j) Treasury Activities
            (k) Staffing and Recruiting
            (l) Training and Employee Development
            (m) Benefits
            (n) Information and Technology Services
            (o) Legal Services
            (p) Insurance Claims Management
            (q) Purchasing



       
      And other similar services.


2.
Other Services
      Administrative, research and development services whether provided
      directly or by engaging employees, agents, consultants, contract
      research organizations, vendors or any other Third Party, including,
      but not limited to:


      (a)
Preparatory assistance in respect of the identification/location of 
potential drug asset candidates
      (b)
Perform/oversee due diligence to evaluate a drug candidate (including, but 
not limited to, studying the compound, market demand, potential 
opportunities and competitive landscape with respect to such drug candidate 
and probability of commercial success of such drug candidate)
      (c)
Engage, manage and oversee external consultants, whether individuals or 
consulting companies, in connection with in-depth analyses of potential 
drug investment opportunities and other activities relating to drugs and 
drug candidates

------------------------------------------------------------------------




      (d)
Form recommendations regarding potential drug investment opportunities and 
deliver recommendations to the board of directors of either of the Service 
Recipients

      (e)
Provide the board of directors of either of the Service Recipients with 
advice in connection with the acquisition of drug assets and, if necessary, 
assist in communications between the board of directors of the applicable 
Service Recipient and the sellers of the relevant drug asset in order for 
MSG to negotiate and conclude agreements to acquire drug assets and related 
intellectual property

      (f)
Participate in meetings with regulatory authorities related to drug assets 
of MSG (within the parameters and guidelines provided by MSG)

      (g)
Develop a plan for clinical testing with respect to a drug asset, identify 
appropriate contract research organizations to be used in connection with 
such clinical testing and contract with such contract research 
organizations (within the parameters and guidelines provided by MSG)

      (h)
Select manufacturers to manufacture small batch sample of drug product for 
purposes of clinical trials and contract with such manufacturers (within 
the parameters and guidelines provided by MSG)

      (i)
Manage and oversee clinical trials and drug manufacturing to the extent 
such clinical trials and drug manufacturing costs do not exceed established 
cost parameters set by MSG

      (j)
Gather and analyze data obtained in connection with clinical trials and 
present such information to the board of directors of MSG

      (k)
Conduct final filings to obtain regulatory approvals with respect to a drug 
asset
The Service Provider shall provide such other services as are agreed with 
the Service Recipients from time to time.










------------------------------------------------------------------------




EXHIBIT B


CALCULATION OF COMPENSATION FOR SERVICES PROVIDED


The fees set forth in this Exhibit B represent the entire amount to be paid 
by the Service Recipients in connection with the Service Provider’s 
provision of the Services, and any and all other costs and expenses 
associated with the Services or the Agreement. In addition, the fees set 
forth in this Exhibit B include any and all applicable federal, state or 
local sales or use tax payable in connection with the Services or the 
Agreement.


Except as otherwise agreed to by the Parties from time to time, the Service 
Recipients shall compensate Service Provider for its Services rendered and 
Costs incurred under this Agreement in accordance with the following:


       (a)
The applicable Service Recipient shall reimburse Service Provider for its 
Costs, excluding third-party costs as provided in (c), incurred in 
providing the Administrative and Support Services described in Exhibit A to 
such Service Recipient or in making, obtaining, and maintaining in force 
the Authorizations as described in Section 11.1 for such Service Recipient 
and shall further pay Service Provider a mark-up on such costs. The mark-up 
shall be based on the mark-up percentage that the Parties mutually agree is 
consistent with the financial returns of independent companies performing 
similar services. The Parties shall review and (if necessary) update the 
mark-up percentage on an annual basis.
      (b)
The applicable Service Recipient shall reimburse Service Provider for its 
Costs, excluding third-party costs as provided in (c), incurred in 
providing the Other Services described in Exhibit A to such Service 
Recipient, and shall further pay Service Provider a mark-up on such costs. 
The mark-up shall be based on the mark-up percentage that the Parties 
mutually agree is consistent with the financial returns of independent 
companies performing similar services. The Parties shall review and (if 
necessary) update the mark-up percentage on an annual basis.
      (c)
If the Service Provider engages a third party pursuant to Section 3.4 
hereof, the applicable Service Recipient shall reimburse the Service 
Provider for all reasonable and actual out-of-pocket costs incurred by the 
Service Provider in connection with such engagement to the extent such 
Service Recipient is the beneficiary of the services performed by such 
third party.


