 EX-10.14 3 nvls-20161231ex1014eda14.htm EX-10.14
Exhibit 10.14

AMENDMENT to the
EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT
between
Nivalis Therapeutics, Inc.
and
Janice M. Troha (“Employee”)

WHEREAS, Nivalis Therapeutics, Inc. (the “Company”) and the Employee 
entered into an employment agreement (the “Agreement”) effective as of 
November 1, 2012, as amended;
 
WHEREAS, the Company and the Employee desire to amend the Agreement to 
change the provision relating to accelerated vesting of stock options in 
connection with Termination/Severance;
 
NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the promises and mutual covenants 
contained herein and for other good and valuable consideration, the parties 
agree as follows:
 
     

1.

A new Section 5(e) shall be inserted in the Agreement as follows and the 
sections currently designated as Section 5(e), 5(f), 5(g) and 5(h), and all 
cross references in the Agreement thereto, shall be amended to be 
designated as Section 5(f), 5(g), 5(h) and 5(i), respectively:
 
       (e)The Employee may terminate this Agreement upon at least thirty
       (30) days’ notice for Good Reason. “Good Reason” means (A) a ten
       percent (10%) or more reduction in Employee’s salary to which
       Employee has not consented; (B) a material diminution in Employee’s
       authority, duties or responsibilities without Employee’s consent
       (which shall not include a change in reporting obligations resulting
       from a Corporate Transaction); (C) a requirement by the Company,
       without Employee’s consent, that Employee’s primary work site be
       relocated to a site that is more than twenty five (25) miles away
       from Employee’s work site prior to the Corporate Transaction; or (D)
       any other action or inaction that constitutes a material breach by
       the Company of Employee’s employment agreement, if any. 
       Notwithstanding the foregoing, a termination of Employee for Good
       Reason shall not have occurred unless (i) Employee gives written
       notice to the Company, of termination within thirty (30) days after
       Employee first becomes aware of the occurrence of the circumstances
       constituting Good Reason, specifying in reasonable detail the
       circumstances constituting Good Reason, (ii) the Company has failed
       within thirty (30) days after receipt of such notice to cure the
       circumstances constituting Good Reason, and (iii) Employee
       terminates employment within five (5) days after the Company’s cure
       period ends.
        

2.

Section 5(f) (as newly designated pursuant to Section 1 of this Amendment) 
is amended and restated in its entirety to read as follows:
 
       (f)   If this Agreement is terminated by the Company prior to the
       end of the term pursuant to any provision other than 5(a) or 5(c), 
       or by the Employee pursuant to Section 5(e), then (i) the Company
       shall pay to Employee twelve (12) month’s salary, or the amount due
       Employee through the remainder of the term, whichever is greater, in
       equal monthly installments, subject to all applicable deductions and
       withholdings; (ii) the Company shall provide Employee with paid
       COBRA benefits during the twelve-month period following the
       Termination Date; and (iii) the Company shall cause any issued but
       unvested options scheduled to vest in the year of termination to
       immediately vest in full.
 

------------------------------------------------------------------------

 

     

3.

Section 5(g) (as newly designated pursuant to Section 1 of this Amendment) 
is amended and restated in its entirety to read as follows:
        
       (f)If a Change in Control occurs, then all outstanding options
       granted to Employee shall immediately vest (to the extent they are
       not already vested).
        

4.

Except as amended herein, the provisions of the Agreement shall remain in 
full force and effect.
 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this Amendment to be executed 
and Employee has hereunto set his hand as of January 12, 2017.
 
 
 
 
 
 
NIVALIS THERAPEUTICS, INC.
 
 
 
By:
/s/ R. Michael Carruthers
 
Name:
R. Michael Carruthers
 
Title:
Chief Financial Officer
 
Date:
1/12/17
 
 
 
 
 
EMPLOYEE
 
 
 
By:
/s/ Janice M. Troha
 
 
Janice M. Troha
 

-2-
------------------------------------------------------------------------