 EX-10.2 6 d253212dex102.htm EX-10.2
Exhibit 10.2

TAX MATTERS AGREEMENT

by and among

HILTON WORLDWIDE HOLDINGS INC.,

PARK HOTELS & RESORTS INC.,

HILTON GRAND VACATIONS INC., and

HILTON DOMESTIC OPERATING COMPANY INC.

Dated as of                         

------------------------------------------------------------------------
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
  	  	  	   	Page
ARTICLE I DEFINITIONS AND INTERPRETATION 	   	2
Section 1.1
  	Definitions 	   	2
Section 1.2
  	References; Interpretation 	   	13
Section 1.3
  	Effective Time 	   	14
ARTICLE II PREPARATION AND FILING OF TAX RETURNS 	   	14
Section 2.1
  	Responsibility of HLT to Prepare and File Tax Returns 	   	14
Section 2.2
  	Responsibility of Parties to Prepare and File PK Straddle Income Tax 
Returns and HGV Straddle Income Tax Returns 	   	15
Section 2.3
  	Responsibility of Parties to Prepare and File Post-Distribution Income 
Tax Returns and Non-Income Tax Returns 	   	16
Section 2.4
  	Time of Filing Tax Returns 	   	17
Section 2.5
  	Costs and Expenses 	   	17
ARTICLE III RESPONSIBILITY FOR PAYMENT OF TAXES 	   	17
Section 3.1
  	Responsibility for Payment of Taxes 	   	17
Section 3.2
  	Reimbursement of Straddle Income Taxes and Restructuring Taxes 	   	17
Section 3.3
  	Timing of Payments of Taxes 	   	17
ARTICLE IV REFUNDS, CARRYBACKS AND AMENDED TAX RETURNS 	   	18
Section 4.1
  	Refunds 	   	18
Section 4.2
  	Carrybacks 	   	18
Section 4.3
  	Amended Tax Returns 	   	18
ARTICLE V DISTRIBUTION TAXES 	   	19
Section 5.1
  	Liability for Distribution Taxes 	   	19
Section 5.2
  	Definition of Fault for Distribution Purposes 	   	19
Section 5.3
  	Limits on Proposed Acquisition Transactions and Other Transactions 
During Restricted Period 	   	20
Section 5.4
  	Certain Limitations on PK with Respect to its Stock 	   	21
Section 5.5
  	IRS Ruling, Tax Representation Letters, and Tax Opinions; Consistency 	  
 	23
Section 5.6
  	Timing of Payment of Taxes 	   	23
Section 5.7
  	Protective Section 336(e) Elections 	   	23
ARTICLE VI INDEMNIFICATION 	   	24
Section 6.1
  	Indemnification Obligations of HLT 	   	24
Section 6.2
  	Indemnification Obligations of PK 	   	24
 
i

------------------------------------------------------------------------
  	  	  	   	Page
Section 6.3
  	Indemnification Obligations of HGV 	   	25
Section 6.4
  	Protected REITs 	   	25
ARTICLE VII PAYMENTS 	   	26
Section 7.1
  	Payments 	   	26
Section 7.2
  	Treatment of Payments made Pursuant to Tax Matters Agreement 	   	26
Section 7.3
  	Payments Net of Tax Benefit Actually Realized and Tax Cost 	   	27
ARTICLE VIII AUDITS 	   	27
Section 8.1
  	Notice 	   	27
Section 8.2
  	Audits 	   	27
Section 8.3
  	Payment of Audit Amounts 	   	29
ARTICLE IX COOPERATION AND EXCHANGE OF INFORMATION 	   	30
Section 9.1
  	Cooperation and Exchange of Information 	   	30
Section 9.2
  	Retention of Records 	   	31
Section 9.3
  	Tax Opinions 	   	32
ARTICLE X ALLOCATION OF TAX ATTRIBUTES AND OTHER TAX MATTERS 	   	32
Section 10.1
  	Allocation of Tax Attributes 	   	32
Section 10.2
  	Allocation of Tax Items 	   	32
ARTICLE XI DEFAULTED AMOUNTS 	   	33
Section 11.1
  	General 	   	33
ARTICLE XII DISPUTE RESOLUTION 	   	33
Section 12.1
  	Negotiation 	   	33
Section 12.2
  	Mediation 	   	33
Section 12.3
  	Confidentiality 	   	34
Section 12.4
  	Continuity of Performance 	   	34
ARTICLE XIII MISCELLANEOUS 	   	34
Section 13.1
  	Counterparts 	   	34
Section 13.2
  	Survival 	   	34
Section 13.3
  	Notices 	   	34
Section 13.4
  	Waivers 	   	35
Section 13.5
  	Assignment 	   	35
Section 13.6
  	Successors and Assigns 	   	35
Section 13.7
  	Termination and Amendment 	   	35
Section 13.8
  	No Circumvention 	   	35
Section 13.9
  	Subsidiaries 	   	36
 
ii

------------------------------------------------------------------------
  	  	  	   	Page
Section 13.10
  	Third Party Beneficiaries 	   	36
Section 13.11
  	Title and Headings 	   	36
Section 13.12
  	Schedules 	   	36
Section 13.13
  	Specific Performance 	   	36
Section 13.14
  	Governing Law 	   	36
Section 13.15
  	Consent to Jurisdiction 	   	36
Section 13.16
  	Waiver of Jury Trial 	   	37
Section 13.17
  	Force Majeure 	   	37
Section 13.18
  	Interpretation 	   	37
Section 13.19
  	Changes in Law 	   	37
Section 13.20
  	Severability 	   	37
Section 13.21
  	Tax Sharing Agreements 	   	38
Section 13.22
  	Exclusivity 	   	38
Section 13.23
  	No Waiver 	   	38
Section 13.24
  	No Duplication; No Double Recovery 	   	38

Schedules
 
Schedule 2.3 	  	List of Certain Allocations of Non-Income Taxes
Schedule 8.3(b) 	  	List of Specified Audit Taxes
 
iii

------------------------------------------------------------------------
TAX MATTERS AGREEMENT

THIS TAX MATTERS AGREEMENT (this “Agreement”) is made and entered into as 
of the day of                         , by and among Hilton Worldwide 
Holdings Inc., a Delaware corporation (“HLT”), Park Hotels & Resorts Inc., 
a Delaware corporation (“PK”), Hilton Grand Vacations Inc., a Delaware 
corporation (“HGV”) and Hilton Domestic Operating Company Inc., a Delaware 
corporation (“OpCo”). Each of HLT, PK, HGV and OpCo is sometimes referred 
to herein as a “Party” and, collectively, as the “Parties”.


WITNESSETH:

WHEREAS, HLT, acting through its direct and indirect Subsidiaries, 
currently conducts a number of businesses, including (i) the HLT Retained 
Business (as defined herein), (ii) the Ownership Business (as defined 
herein) and (iii) the Timeshare Business (as defined herein);

WHEREAS, the Board of Directors of HLT (the “Board”) has determined that it 
is appropriate, desirable and in the best interests of HLT and its 
stockholders to separate HLT into three separate, publicly traded 
companies, one for each of (i) the HLT Retained Business, which shall be 
owned and conducted, directly or indirectly, by HLT, (ii) the Ownership 
Business, which shall be owned and conducted, directly or indirectly, by PK 
(which will elect to be a REIT (as defined herein)) and (iii) the Timeshare 
Business, which shall be owned and conducted, directly or indirectly, by 
HGV;

WHEREAS, in order to effect such separation, the Board has determined that 
it is appropriate, desirable and in the best interests of HLT and its 
stockholders (i) to enter into a series of transactions after giving effect 
to which (A) HLT and/or one or more of its Subsidiaries (as defined herein) 
will, collectively, own all of the HLT Retained Assets (as defined herein) 
and assume (or retain) all of the HLT Retained Liabilities (as defined 
herein), (B) PK and/or one or more of its Subsidiaries will, collectively, 
own all of the Ownership Assets (as defined herein) and assume (or retain) 
all of the Ownership Liabilities (as defined herein) and (C) HGV and/or one 
or more of its Subsidiaries will, collectively, own all of the Timeshare 
Assets (as defined herein) and assume (or retain) all of the Timeshare 
Liabilities (as defined herein) and (ii) for HLT to distribute to the 
holders of its common stock, par value $0.01 per share (“HLT Common Stock
”), on a pro rata basis (in each case without consideration being paid by 
such stockholders) (A) all of the outstanding shares of common stock, par 
value $0.01 per share, of PK (the “PK Common Stock”) and (B) all of the 
outstanding shares of common stock, par value $0.01 per share, of HGV (the 
“HGV Common Stock”) (such transactions as they may be amended or modified 
from time to time, collectively, the “Plan of Reorganization”);

WHEREAS, it is the intention of the Parties that (i) each of the 
contributions by PK of Assets to, and the assumption of Liabilities by, 
OpCo and HGV (each such contribution, an “Internal Contribution” and 
together, the “Internal Contributions”) together with the corresponding 
distribution by PK of all of the OpCo common stock and the HGV Common 
Stock, respectively, qualifies as a reorganization within the meaning of 
Sections 368(a)(1)(D) and 355 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as 
amended (the “Code”) (each such distribution, an “Internal Distribution” 
and together, the “Internal Distributions”), (ii) the use by PK of the Cash 
Proceeds (as defined herein) from OpCo qualifies under Section 361(b) of 
the Code such

------------------------------------------------------------------------
that no gain is recognized upon receipt of the Cash Proceeds by PK in 
connection with any Internal Contribution, (iii) the Debt Exchanges (as 
defined herein) qualify as distributions and exchanges of “qualified 
property” within the meaning of Section 361(c) of the Code, (iv) the 
distribution by HGV of Cash Proceeds to HLT qualifies first as a payment in 
respect of Tax liabilities allocable to HGV or one of its Subsidiaries 
under Treasury Regulations Section 1.1552-1(b) (or any corresponding 
provisions under U.S. state or local Law), in each case to the extent of 
any such Tax liabilities, and second as as a distribution under Section 301 
of the Code from HGV to HLT, (v) any distribution by OpCo of Cash Proceeds 
to Hilton Worldwide Finance LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (“
HWF”) qualifies as a distribution under Section 301 of the Code from OpCo 
to HLT, (vi) any distribution by PK of Cash Proceeds to HWF qualifies first 
as a payment in respect of Tax liabilities allocable to PK or one of its 
Subsidiaries under Treasury Regulations Section 1.1552-1(b) (or any 
corresponding provisions under U.S. state or local Law), in each case to 
the extent of any such Tax liabilities, and second as a distribution under 
Section 301 of the Code from PK to HLT and (vii) each of the distributions 
by HLT of all of the PK Common Stock (the “PK Distribution”) and HGV Common 
Stock (the “HGV Distribution” and together with the PK Distribution, the “
External Distributions”) qualifies as a tax-free distribution within the 
meaning of Section 355 of the Code (collectively, the “Intended Tax 
Treatment”); and

WHEREAS, in connection with the Plan of Reorganization, the Parties desire 
to set forth their agreement on the rights and obligations with respect to 
handling and allocating Taxes and related matters.

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing and the terms, 
conditions, covenants and provisions of this Agreement, each of the Parties 
mutually covenant and agree as follows:


ARTICLE I

DEFINITIONS AND INTERPRETATION

Section 1.1 Definitions. As used in this Agreement, the following terms 
shall have the following meanings:

(1) “Acquisition” means an “acquisition” for purposes of Section 355(e) of 
the Code of stock of PK, or issuance by PK of any options or other 
instruments that grant the holder a right (including if PK has a right to 
settle the obligation with property other than PK stock) to complete such 
an acquisition. The terms “Acquire” and “Acquired” has a corresponding 
meaning. For purposes of determining whether and to what extent a 
transaction shall be taken into account for purposes of this definition, 
any recapitalization or other action resulting in a shift of voting power 
or any redemption or repurchase of shares of stock shall be treated as an 
indirect acquisition of shares of stock by the benefitted or non-exchanging 
stockholders.

(2) “Active Business” means each of (a) the Ownership Business, the HLT 
Retained Business and the Timeshare Business, in each case taken as a 
whole, (b) the Select Hotels Business taken as a whole (or any hotel 
included therein) and (c) the Hotel Laundry Business taken as a whole (or 
any laundry facility included therein).
 
2

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(3) “Affiliate” means a Person that directly, or indirectly, through one or 
more intermediaries, controls, or is controlled by, or is under common 
control with, a specified Person. A Person shall be deemed to control 
another Person if such first Person possesses, directly or indirectly, the 
power to direct, or cause the direction of, the management and policies of 
such other Person, whether through the ownership of voting securities, by 
contract or otherwise. For purposes hereof, none of the Parties or their 
respective Subsidiaries shall be considered an “Affiliate” of any of the 
other Parties or their respective Subsidiaries (determined on the same 
basis). For the avoidance of doubt, for purposes hereof, neither The 
Blackstone Group L.P. (nor any of its Affiliates) shall be considered an 
“Affiliate” of any Party or its Subsidiaries.

(4) “Agreement” has the meaning set forth in the preamble hereto.

(5) “Agreement Dispute” has the meaning set forth in Section 12.1.

(6) “Ancillary Agreements” has the meaning set forth in the Distribution 
Agreement.

(7) “Assets” has the meaning set forth in the Distribution Agreement.

(8) “Audit” means any audit, assessment of Taxes, other examination by or 
on behalf of any Taxing Authority (including notices), proceeding, or 
appeal of such a proceeding relating to Taxes, whether administrative or 
judicial, including proceedings relating to competent authority 
determinations initiated by a Party or any of its Subsidiaries.

(9) “Audit Management Party” means the Party responsible for administering 
and controlling an Audit pursuant to Section 8.2(a)(i) or (b)(ii).

(10) “Audit Representative” means the chief tax officer of each Party (or 
such other officer of a Party that may be designated by that Party’s Chief 
Financial Officer from time to time).

(11) “Big Four Accounting Firm” means each of Deloitte & Touche LLP, Ernst 
& Young LLP, KPMG LLP, and PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP.

(12) “Blackstone Entity” has the meaning set forth in the Stockholders 
Agreement.

(13) “Blackstone-PK Applicable Percentage” has the meaning set forth in the 
Stockholders Agreement.

(14) “Blackstone-PK Percentage Shift Limit” has the meaning set forth in 
the Stockholders Agreement.

(15) “Blackstone Representative” has the meaning set forth in the 
Stockholders Agreement.

(16) “Board” has the meaning set forth in the recitals hereto.

(17) “Business Day” means any day other than a Saturday, Sunday or a day on 
which banks are required to be closed in New York, New York.
 
3

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(18) “Cash Proceeds” means (i) the cash proceeds received by PK as partial 
consideration for the Internal Contribution to OpCo, (ii) the cash proceeds 
received by HWF from OpCo after the Internal Distribution of OpCo stock, 
(iii) any cash proceeds received by HWF from PK before the PK Distribution 
as part of the Plan of Reorganization and (iv) the cash proceeds received 
by HLT from HGV before the HGV Distribution, as the context requires.

(19) “Claiming Party” has the meaning set forth in Section 11.2(b).

(20) “Code” has the meaning set forth in the recitals hereto.

(21) “Debt Exchanges” means (i) OpCo issuing debt instruments to PK as 
partial consideration for the Internal Contribution to OpCo and PK using 
such debt instruments to satisfy some or all of the debt owed by PK to 
Hilton HHonors Worldwide, L.L.C., and (ii) HGV issuing debt instruments to 
PK as partial consideration for the Internal Contribution to HGV and PK 
using such debt instruments to satisfy some or all of the mortgage debt 
owed by PK and secured by a hotel in Bonnet Creek, Florida.

(22) “Delaware Courts” has the meaning set forth in Section 13.15.

(23) “Distribution” or “Distributions” means, individually or collectively, 
the Internal Distributions and the External Distributions.

(24) “Distribution Agreement” means the Distribution Agreement by and among 
HLT, PK, HGV and OpCo dated as of                         .

(25) “Distribution Date” means the date on which the Distributions to 
holders of record of shares of HLT Common Stock of the HGV Common Stock and 
the PK Common Stock owned by HLT are effectuated pursuant to the 
Distribution Agreement.

(26) “Distribution Taxes” mean any and all U.S. federal, state and local 
Income Taxes required to be paid by or imposed on a Party or any of its 
Affiliates resulting from, or directly arising in connection with, the 
failure of any Internal Contribution, any Distribution, any receipt of Cash 
Proceeds, or any Debt Exchange to qualify for the Intended Tax Treatment 
(or the failure to qualify under or the application of corresponding 
provisions of the Laws of U.S. state or local jurisdictions).

(27) “Due Date” means the date (taking into account all valid extensions) 
upon which a Tax Return is required to be filed with or Taxes are required 
to be paid to a Taxing Authority, whichever is applicable.

(28) “Effective Time” has the meaning set forth in the Distribution 
Agreement.

(29) “Escrow Account” has the meaning set forth in Section 6.4.

(30) “Expense Amount” has the meaning set forth in Section 6.4.

(31) “Expense Amount Accountant’s Letter” has the meaning set forth in 
Section 6.4.
 
4

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(32) “Expense Amount Tax Opinion” has the meaning set forth in Section 6.4.

(33) “External Distribution” has the meaning set forth in the recitals 
hereto.

(34) “Fault for Distribution Purposes” has the meaning set forth in Section 
5.2.

(35) “Final Determination” means the final resolution of liability for any 
Tax for any taxable period, by or as a result of:

(a) a final decision, judgment, decree or other order by any court of 
competent jurisdiction that can no longer be appealed to a court other than 
the Supreme Court of the United States;

(b) a final settlement with the IRS, a closing agreement or accepted offer 
in compromise under Sections 7121 or 7122 of the Code, or a comparable 
agreement under the Laws of other jurisdictions, which resolves the 
liability for the Taxes addressed in such agreement for any taxable period;

(c) any allowance of a refund or credit in respect of an overpayment of 
Tax, but only after the expiration of all periods during which such refund 
or credit may be recovered by the jurisdiction imposing the Tax; or

(d) any other final disposition, including by reason of the expiration of 
the applicable statute of limitations.

(36) “Group” means the HLT Group, the PK Group, or the HGV Group.

(37) “HGV” has the meaning set forth in the preamble hereto.

(38) “HGV Allocable Audit Portion” means the amount, determined by HLT in 
its good faith discretion, equal to the product of (a) the amount of any 
Taxes attributable to a Pre-Distribution Tax Period or the portion of a 
Straddle Tax Period ending on the Distribution Date that are not reported 
on a Tax Return filed for such periods, and (b) a fraction (i) the 
numerator of which is the additional Taxes that would be due and payable 
determined on a separate basis for the Timeshare Assets or the Timeshare 
Business, and (ii) the denominator of which is the sum of the additional 
Taxes that would be due and payable determined on a separate basis for each 
of the HLT Retained Assets or the HLT Retained Business, the Ownership 
Assets or the Ownership Business, and the Timeshare Assets or the Timeshare 
Business, respectively. For purposes of this determination, any 
Distribution Taxes, Specified Audit Taxes or Restructuring Taxes incurred 
shall be deemed not to have been incurred, regardless of which entity 
incurs such Taxes.

(39) “HGV Common Stock” has the meaning set forth in the recitals hereto.

(40) “HGV Distribution” has the meaning set forth in the recitals hereto.

(41) “HGV Group” has the meaning set forth in the Distribution Agreement.
 
5

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(42) “HGV Straddle Income Tax Returns” means any Income Tax Return required 
under applicable Law to be filed by any member of the HGV Group for a 
Straddle Tax Period.

(43) “HLT” has the meaning set forth in the preamble hereto.

(44) “HLT Allocable Audit Portion” means the amount, determined by HLT in 
its good faith discretion, equal to the product of (a) the amount of any 
Taxes attributable to a Pre-Distribution Tax Period or the portion of a 
Straddle Tax Period ending on the Distribution Date that are not reported 
on a Tax Return filed for such periods, and (b) a fraction (i) the 
numerator of which is the additional Taxes that would be due and payable 
determined on a separate basis for the HLT Retained Assets or the HLT 
Retained Business, and (ii) the denominator of which is the sum of the 
additional Taxes that would be due and payable determined on a separate 
basis for each of the HLT Retained Assets or the HLT Retained Business, the 
Ownership Assets or the Ownership Business, and the Timeshare Assets or the 
Timeshare Business, respectively. For purposes of this determination, any 
Distribution Taxes, Specified Audit Taxes or Restructuring Taxes incurred 
shall be deemed not to have been incurred, regardless of which entity 
incurs such Taxes.

(45) “HLT Combined Income Tax Return” means any U.S. federal, state, local 
or foreign consolidated, combined, unitary or similar Income Tax Return 
that actually includes, by election or otherwise, one or more members of 
the HLT Group together with one or more members of either the PK Group or 
the HGV Group.

(46) “HLT Common Stock” has the meaning set forth in the recitals hereto.

(47) “HLT Group” has the meaning set forth in the Distribution Agreement.

(48) “HLT Retained Assets” has the meaning set forth in the Distribution 
Agreement and shall include any Assets owned leased or licensed by HLT or 
its current or prior Subsidiaries at any time (whether or not owned, leased 
or licensed by HLT or its Subsidiaries at or prior to the Effective Time) 
that related primarily to, were used primarily in, or arose primarily from, 
the HLT Retained Business.

(49) “HLT Retained Business” has the meaning set forth in the Distribution 
Agreement.

(50) “HLT Retained Liabilities” has the meaning set forth in the 
Distribution Agreement.

(51) “HLT Straddle Income Tax Returns” means any Income Tax Return required 
under applicable Law to be filed by any member of the HLT Group for a 
Straddle Tax Period.

(52) “Hotel Laundry Business” means the component of the Ownership Business 
involving the management and operation of commercial laundry facilities 
servicing hotels, located in Portage, Indiana, Piscataway, New Jersey and 
Portland, Oregon.

(53) “HWF” has the meaning set forth in the recitals hereto.
 
6

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(54) “Implementing Agreement” means any agreement the primary purpose of 
which is to implement one or more steps described in the Reorganization 
Slide Deck.

(55) “Income Taxes” mean:

(a) all Taxes based upon, measured by, or calculated with respect to (i) 
net income or profits (including, but not limited to, any capital gains, 
minimum tax or any Tax on items of tax preference, but not including sales, 
use, real, or personal property, gross or net receipts, value added, 
excise, leasing, transfer or similar Taxes), or (ii) multiple bases 
(including, but not limited to, corporate franchise, doing business and 
occupation Taxes) if one or more bases upon which such Tax is determined is 
described in clause (a)(i) above; and

(b) all U.S., state, local or non-U.S. franchise Taxes.

(56) “Income Tax Returns” mean all Tax Returns that relate to Income Taxes.

(57) “Indemnified Party” means the Party which is or may be entitled 
pursuant to this Agreement to receive any payments (including reimbursement 
for Taxes or costs and expenses) from another Party or Parties to this 
Agreement.

(58) “Indemnifying Party” means the Party which is or may be required 
pursuant to this Agreement to make indemnification or other payments 
(including reimbursement for Taxes and costs and expenses) to another Party 
to this Agreement.

(59) “Intended Tax Treatment” has the meaning set forth in the recitals 
hereto.

(60) “Internal Contribution” has the meaning set forth in the recitals 
hereto.

(61) “Internal Distribution” has the meaning set forth in the recitals 
hereto.

(62) “IRS” means the United States Internal Revenue Service or any 
successor thereto, including, but not limited to its agents, 
representatives, and attorneys.

(63) “IRS Ruling” means that certain IRS private letter ruling, dated 
February 24, 2016, delivered to HLT and addressing, among other things, 
certain issues relevant to the tax-free treatment of the Distributions, 
together with the requests submitted to the IRS for such private letter 
ruling and any supplemental materials submitted to the IRS relating 
thereto.

(64) “Law” means any U.S. or non-U.S. federal, national, supranational, 
state, provincial, local or similar statute, law, ordinance, regulation, 
rule, code, administrative pronouncement, order, requirement or rule of law 
(including common law), or any income tax treaty.

(65) “LIBOR” has the meaning set forth in the Distribution Agreement.

(66) “Losses” has the meaning assigned to the term “Indemnifiable Losses” 
in the Distribution Agreement.
 
7

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(67) “Majority of the Parties” means the consent of at least two of the 
Parties.

(68) “Negotiation Period” has the meaning set forth in Section 12.1.

(69) “Non-Income Tax Returns” mean all Tax Returns other than Income Tax 
Returns.

(70) “Nonqualifying Income” shall mean any amount that is treated as gross 
income for purposes of Section 856 of the Code and which is not Qualifying 
Income.

(71) “OpCo” has the meaning set forth in the preamble hereto.

(72) “Ownership Assets” has the meaning set forth in the Distribution 
Agreement and shall include any Assets owned leased or licensed by HLT or 
its current or prior Subsidiaries at any time (whether or not owned, leased 
or licensed by HLT or its Subsidiaries at or prior to the Effective Time) 
that related primarily to, were used primarily in, or arose primarily from, 
the Ownership Business.

(73) “Ownership Business” has the meaning set forth in the Distribution 
Agreement.

(74) “Ownership Liabilities” has the meaning set forth in the Distribution 
Agreement.

(75) “Participating Party” has the meaning set forth in Section 8.2(c)(i).

(76) “Party” has the meaning set forth in the preamble hereto.

(77) “Paying Party” has the meaning set forth in Section 2.3(b).

(78) “Person” means any natural person, firm, individual, corporation, 
business trust, joint venture, association, company, limited liability 
company, partnership, or other organization or entity, whether incorporated 
or unincorporated, or any governmental entity.

(79) “PK” has the meaning set forth in the preamble hereto.

(80) “PK Allocable Audit Portion” means the amount, determined by HLT in 
its good faith discretion, equal to the product of (a) the amount of any 
Taxes attributable to a Pre-Distribution Tax Period or the portion of a 
Straddle Tax Period ending on the Distribution Date that are not reported 
on a Tax Return filed for such periods, and (b) a fraction (i) the 
numerator of which is the additional Taxes that would be due and payable 
determined on a separate basis for the Ownership Assets or the Ownership 
Business, and (ii) the denominator of which is the sum of the additional 
Taxes that would be due and payable determined on a separate basis for each 
of the HLT Retained Assets or the HLT Retained Business, the Ownership 
Assets or the Ownership Business, and the Timeshare Assets or the Timeshare 
Business, respectively. For purposes of this determination, any 
Distribution Taxes, Specified Audit Taxes or Restructuring Taxes incurred 
shall be deemed not to have been incurred, regardless of which entity 
incurs such Taxes.
 
8

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(81) “PK Applicable Percentage” means the percentage shift in ownership 
equal to the greater of (a) the percentage determined by dividing (i) the 
value of all shares of PK stock (as of immediately after the Distribution) 
Acquired pursuant to one or more PK Issuances of PK stock occurring on or 
after the Distribution Date by (ii) the value of all outstanding stock of 
PK as of immediately after the Distribution, or (b) the percentage 
determined by dividing (i) the total combined voting power of all shares of 
PK stock (as of immediately after the Distribution) Acquired pursuant to 
one or more PK Issuances occurring on or after the Distribution Date by 
(ii) the total combined voting power of all outstanding stock of PK as of 
immediately after the Distribution. The amount set forth in (a)(ii) or 
(b)(ii) shall be reduced by any redemption or repurchase (directly or 
indirectly) by PK (or its Subsidiaries) of PK Common Stock following the 
Distribution and prior to the last such PK Issuance (with such reduction 
calculated in the case of (a)(ii) using the value of the applicable stock 
as of immediately after the Distribution). This definition and the 
application thereof is intended to monitor compliance with Section 355(e) 
of the Code and the Treasury Regulations promulgated thereunder and shall 
be interpreted accordingly by the Parties in good faith.

(82) “PK Common Stock” has the meaning set forth in the recitals hereto.

(83) “PK Percentage Shift Limit” means 8.34%, as adjusted from time to time 
by mutual written consent of the Blackstone Representative and PK or under 
Section 5.4(f) or (g); provided, however, that the sum of the Blackstone-PK 
Percentage Shift Limit and the PK Percentage Shift Limit immediately after 
such adjustments must equal such sum immediately before such adjustments; 
provided further, that if PK has actual knowledge that the Blackstone-PK 
Applicable Percentage exceeds the Blackstone-PK Percentage Shift Limit, the 
PK Percentage Shift Limit shall be reduced by such excess (without 
prejudice to any rights or remedies PK or any other Party may have).

(84) “PK Group” has the meaning set forth in the Distribution Agreement.

(85) “PK Issuance” has the meaning set forth in Section 5.4(a).

(86) “PK Straddle Income Tax Returns” means any Income Tax Return required 
under applicable Law to be filed by any member of the PK Group for a 
Straddle Tax Period.

(87) “Plan of Reorganization” has the meaning set forth in the recitals 
hereto.

(88) “Post-Distribution Income Tax Returns” mean, collectively, all Income 
Tax Returns required to be filed by a Party or its Affiliates for a 
Post-Distribution Tax Period.

(89) “Post-Distribution Payment Tax Benefit” has the meaning set forth in 
Section 11.2(b).

(90) “Post-Distribution Ruling” has the meaning set forth in Section 5.3.

(91) “Post-Distribution Tax Period” means a Tax period beginning and ending 
after the Distribution Date.

(92) “Pre-Distribution Income Tax Returns” mean, collectively, all Income 
Tax Returns required to be filed by a Party or its Affiliates for a 
Pre-Distribution Tax Period.
 
9

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(93) “Pre-Distribution Tax Period” means a Tax period beginning and ending 
on or before the Distribution Date.

(94) “Preparing Party” has the meaning set forth in Section 2.3(b).

(95) “Proposed Acquisition Transaction” means a transaction or series of 
transactions (i) as a result of which any of the Parties would merge or 
consolidate with any other Person, or (ii) as a result of which any Person 
or any group of Persons would (directly or indirectly) acquire, or have the 
right to acquire (through an option or otherwise), from any of the Parties 
or any of their Affiliates and/or one or more holders of their stock, 
respectively, any amount of stock of any of the Parties that would, when 
combined with any other changes in ownership of the stock of such Party, 
result in a shift of more than forty-nine percent (49%) of (a) the value of 
all outstanding shares of stock of such Party as of the date of the 
Distribution, or (b) the total combined voting power of all outstanding 
shares of voting stock of such Party as of the date of the Distribution. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, a Proposed Acquisition Transaction shall not 
include the adoption by a Party of, or the issuance of stock pursuant to, a 
stockholder rights plan. For purposes of the preceding sentence, the total 
value or total combined voting power of all HLT Common Stock, PK Common 
Stock or HGV Common Stock, as applicable, issued and outstanding 
immediately after the Distribution shall be reduced by any redemption or 
repurchase (directly or indirectly) by a Party (or any of its Affiliates) 
of HLT Common Stock, PK Common Stock or HGV Common Stock, as applicable, 
following the Distribution. For purposes of determining whether and to what 
extent a transaction constitutes an indirect acquisition for purposes of 
the first sentence of this definition, any recapitalization or other action 
resulting in a shift of voting power or any redemption or repurchase of 
shares of stock shall be treated as an indirect acquisition of shares of 
stock by the benefitted or non-exchanging stockholders. Notwithstanding the 
two previous sentences, the effect of any such recapitalization, other 
action, or redemption or repurchase (directly or indirectly) of shares 
shall take into account any applicable IRS private letter ruling received 
by one or more of the Parties with respect thereto. This definition and the 
application thereof is intended to monitor compliance with Section 355(e) 
of the Code and the Treasury Regulations promulgated thereunder and shall 
be interpreted accordingly by the Parties in good faith.

(96) “Protected REIT” shall mean any entity that (i) has elected to be 
taxed as a REIT and (ii) either (a) is an Indemnified Party or (b) owns a 
direct or indirect equity interest in any Indemnified Party and is treated 
for purposes of Section 856 of the Code as owning all or a portion of the 
assets of such Indemnified Party or as receiving all or a portion of such 
Indemnified Party’s income.

(97) “Qualified Tax Advisor” means any Big Four Accounting Firm or any law 
firm of nationally recognized standing.

(98) “Qualifying Income” shall mean gross income that is described in 
Section 856(c)(3) of the Code.

(99) “Reallocation Event” has the meaning set forth in the Stockholders 
Agreement.
 
10

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(100) “Reallocation Event Reduction” has the meaning set forth in the 
Stockholders Agreement.

(101) “REIT” shall mean any a “real estate investment trust” within the 
meaning of Section 856(a) of the Code.

(102) “REIT Qualification Ruling” has the meaning set forth in Section 6.4.

(103) “REIT Requirements” shall mean the requirements imposed on REITs 
pursuant to Sections 856 through and including 860 of the Code.

(104) “Release Document” has the meaning set forth in Section 6.4.

(105) “Reorganization Slide Deck” means the Plan of Reorganization (as such 
term is used in the Distribution Agreement).

(106) “Requesting Party” shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5.3.

(107) “Restricted Period” means the period beginning at the Effective Time 
and ending on the two-year anniversary of the day after the Distribution 
Date.

(108) “Restructuring Tax” means any Tax, other than any Distribution Tax, 
required to be paid by or imposed on a Party or any of its Affiliates, 
imposed directly in connection with transactions contemplated by the Plan 
of Reorganization, the Reorganization Slide Deck or the Implementing 
Agreements, in each case undertaken before or at the same time as any of 
the Distributions.

(109) “Select Hotels Business” means the component of the Ownership 
Business involving the day-to-day management and operation by PK of (i) the 
Hilton Garden Inn in El Segundo, California, (ii) the Hampton Inn & Suites 
in Memphis, Tennessee, (iii) the Hilton Garden Inn Chicago/Oakbrook 
Terrace, and (iv) the Hilton Chicago/Oakbrook Suites.

(110) “Specified Audit Taxes” has the meaning set forth in Section 8.3(b).

(111) “Stockholders Agreement” means that certain Stockholders Agreement by 
and among HLT, HGV and the Blackstone Entities party thereto dated as of    
                     .

(112) “Sharing Percentages” means, with respect to HLT, sixty-five percent 
(65%), with respect to PK, twenty-six percent (26%), and with respect to 
HGV, nine percent (9%).

(113) “Simpson” means Simpson Thacher & Bartlett LLP.

(114) “Straddle Tax Period” means a Tax period beginning before the 
Distribution Date and ending after the Distribution Date.

(115) “Subsidiary” has the meaning set forth in the Distribution Agreement.
 
11

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(116) “Tax” or “Taxes” means (i) all taxes, charges, fees, imposts, levies 
or other assessments, including all net income, gross receipts, capital, 
sales, use, gains, ad valorem, value added, transfer, franchise, profits, 
inventory, capital stock, license, withholding, payroll, employment, social 
security, unemployment, excise, severance, stamp, occupation, property and 
estimated taxes, custom duties, fees, assessments and charges of any kind 
whatsoever, and (ii) liability for the payment of any amount of the type 
described in clause (i) above arising as a result of being (or having been) 
a member of any group or being (or having been) included or required to be 
included in any Tax Return related thereto. Whenever the term “Tax” or 
“Taxes” is used it shall include penalties, fines, additions to tax and 
interest thereon.

(117) “Tax Attributes” mean for U.S. federal, state, local, and non-U.S. 
Income Tax purposes, earnings and profits, tax basis, net operating and 
capital loss carryovers or carrybacks, alternative minimum Tax credit 
carryovers or carrybacks, general business credit carryovers or carrybacks, 
income tax credits or credits against income tax, disqualified interest and 
excess limitation carryovers or carrybacks, overall foreign losses, 
research and experimentation credit base periods, and all other items that 
are determined or computed on an affiliated group basis (as defined in 
Section 1504(a) of the Code determined without regard to the exclusion 
contained in Section 1504(b)(3) of the Code), or similar Tax items 
determined under applicable Tax law.

(118) “Tax Benefit Actually Realized” means with respect to a Party and its 
Subsidiaries a reduction in the amount of Taxes that are required to be 
paid or an increase in refund due, whether resulting from a deduction, from 
reduced gain or increased loss from disposition of an asset, or otherwise, 
such reduction or increase in refund due determined on an “actually 
realized” basis. For purposes of this definition, a Party or its 
Subsidiaries will be deemed to have “actually realized” such reduction or 
increase in refund due at the time the amount of Taxes such Party or any of 
its Subsidiaries is required to pay is reduced or the amount of any refund 
due is increased. The amount of any Tax Benefit Actually Realized shall be 
computed on a “with and without” basis.

(119) “Taxing Authority” means any governmental authority or any 
subdivision, agency, commission, or authority thereof or any 
quasi-governmental or private body having jurisdiction over the assessment, 
determination, collection, or imposition of any Tax (including the IRS).

(120) “Tax Opinions” mean certain Tax opinions and supporting memoranda 
rendered by Simpson or KPMG to HLT or any of its Affiliates in connection 
with the Plan of Reorganization.

(121) “Tax Package” means Tax data and information relating to the 
operations of PK, HGV and/or their respective Subsidiaries, the Ownership 
Business (in the case of PK), or the Timeshare Business (in the case of 
HGV) that is reasonably necessary to prepare and file any Pre-Distribution 
Income Tax Return, HLT Straddle Income Tax Return, PK Straddle Income Tax 
Return, or HGV Straddle Income Tax Return, as applicable.

(122) “Tax Representation Letter” means any letter containing certain 
representations and covenants issued by HLT or any of its Affiliates to 
Simpson or KPMG in connection with the Tax Opinions.
 
12

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(123) “Tax Returns” mean any return, report, certificate, form or similar 
statement or document (including any related or supporting information or 
schedule attached thereto and any information return, amended tax return, 
claim for refund, or declaration of estimated Tax) required to be supplied 
to, or filed with, a Taxing Authority in connection with the determination, 
assessment or collection of any Tax or the administration of any Laws, 
regulations, or administrative requirements relating to any Taxes.

(124) “Tax Sharing Agreement” has the meaning set forth in Section 8.3(c).

(125) “Timeshare Assets” has the meaning set forth in the Distribution 
Agreement and shall include any Assets owned leased or licensed by HLT or 
its current or prior Subsidiaries at any time (whether or not owned, leased 
or licensed by HLT or its Subsidiaries at or prior to the Effective Time) 
that related primarily to, were used primarily in, or arose primarily from, 
the Timeshare Business.

(126) “Timeshare Business” has the meaning set forth in the Distribution 
Agreement.

(127) “Timeshare Liabilities” has the meaning set forth in the Distribution 
Agreement.

(128) “Treasury Regulations” mean the income tax and administrative 
regulations promulgated from time to time under the Code, as in effect for 
the relevant Tax Period.

(129) “Unqualified 355(e) Opinion” means, with respect to an PK Issuance or 
Reallocation Event, an unqualified “will” opinion of a Qualified Tax 
Advisor addressed to HLT and in form and substance reasonably satisfactory 
to HLT, without substantive qualifications, to the effect that such PK 
Issuance or Reallocation Event (including any future PK Issuance of stock 
pursuant to an option or other instrument that grants the holder a right 
(including if PK has a right to settle the obligation with property other 
than PK stock) to complete an Acquisition) will not be part of a plan (or 
series of related transactions) within the meaning of Section 355(e) of the 
Code involving the Distributions.

(130) “Unqualified Tax Opinion” means an unqualified “will” opinion of a 
Qualified Tax Advisor, in form and substance reasonably acceptable to each 
of applicable Parties (other than OpCo) and upon which each of the 
applicable Parties (other than OpCo) may rely to confirm that a transaction 
(or transactions) will not result in Distribution Taxes.

(131) “U.S.” means the United States of America.

Section 1.2 References; Interpretation. Terms not otherwise defined herein 
shall have the meaning ascribed to them in the Distribution Agreement. 
References in this Agreement to any gender include references to all 
genders, and references to the singular include references to the plural 
and vice versa. Unless the context otherwise requires, the words “include”, 
“includes”, and “including” when used in this Agreement shall be deemed to 
be followed by the phrase “without limitation”. Unless the context 
otherwise requires, references in this Agreement to Articles, Sections and 
Schedules shall be deemed references to Articles and Sections of, and 
Schedules to, this Agreement. Unless the context otherwise requires, the 
words “hereof”, “hereby”, and “herein” and words of similar meaning when 
used in this Agreement refer to this Agreement in its entirety and not to 
any particular Article, Section or provision of this Agreement. Unless the 
context otherwise requires, the word “stock” or “shares” refers to any 
equity interests of the applicable entity for U.S. federal income tax 
purposes and any references to a Person include a reference to any 
successor to such Person.
 
13

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Section 1.3 Effective Time. Notwithstanding that certain interrelated and 
intermediate internal transactions must be given effect prior to the 
Distributions, the agreements contained herein, including, but not limited 
to, the manner in which Taxes are shared amongst the Parties, shall be 
effective no earlier than and only upon the Effective Time.


ARTICLE II

PREPARATION AND FILING OF TAX RETURNS

Section 2.1 Responsibility of HLT to Prepare and File Tax Returns.

(a) General. To the extent not previously filed and subject to the rights 
and obligations of each of the Parties set forth herein, HLT shall prepare 
or cause to be prepared all (i) Pre-Distribution Income Tax Returns, and 
(ii) HLT Straddle Income Tax Returns. HLT shall file or cause to be filed 
all such Tax Returns with the applicable Taxing Authority to the extent a 
member of the HLT Group is responsible under applicable Law for filing such 
Tax Returns, and the other Parties shall cooperate (or cause their 
Subsidiaries to cooperate) in the filing of such Tax Returns to the extent 
a member of their Group is responsible for filing such Tax Returns under 
applicable Law. To the extent any member of the PK Group or the HGV Group 
could be liable after the Distribution Date for Taxes with respect to such 
Tax Returns (taking into account any provision under this Agreement), HLT 
shall be required to prepare such Tax Returns in a manner consistent with 
the past practice of HLT and its Affiliates (unless otherwise modified by a 
Final Determination or required by applicable Law); provided, however, that 
HLT shall be permitted to claim the maximum U.K. tax deductions or other 
tax reliefs available in the U.K. Tax Returns, including but not limited to 
capital allowances as provided for in the Capital Allowances Act 2001 and 
other related U.K. tax legislation. All Tax Returns filed under this 
Section 2.1 shall be filed in a manner consistent with (and the Parties and 
their Affiliates shall not take any position inconsistent with) the IRS 
Ruling, the Tax Representation Letters, and the Tax Opinions. Subject to 
the foregoing standards, HLT shall have the right with respect to any Tax 
Return filed under this Section 2.1, to determine: (a) except as provided 
in Section 10.2, the manner in which such Tax Return will be prepared and 
filed, including the elections, method of accounting, positions, 
conventions, and principles of taxation to be used and the manner in which 
any Tax item will be reported; (b) whether any extensions may be requested; 
and (c) except as provided in Section 10.2, the elections that will be made 
by HLT, any member of the HLT Group, any member of the PK Group, or any 
member of the HGV Group on such Tax Return.

(b) Tax Package. To the extent not previously provided, PK and HGV shall 
(at their own cost and expense), to the extent that a Pre-Distribution 
Income Tax Return or HLT Straddle Income Tax Return includes items of that 
Party or its Affiliates, the Ownership Business (in the case of PK), or the 
Timeshare Business (in the case of HGV), prepare and provide or cause to be 
prepared and provided to HLT a Tax Package relating to such Tax Return. 
Such Tax Package shall be provided in a timely manner. In the event a Party 
does not fulfill its obligations pursuant to this Section 2.1(b), HLT shall 
be entitled, at the sole cost and expense of such Party, to prepare or 
cause to be prepared the information required to be included in the Tax 
Package for purposes of preparing any such Tax Returns.
 
14

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Section 2.2 Responsibility of Parties to Prepare and File PK Straddle 
Income Tax Returns and HGV Straddle Income Tax Returns.

(a) General. Subject to the rights and obligations of each of the Parties 
set forth herein, PK shall prepare or cause to be prepared all PK Straddle 
Income Tax Returns and HGV shall prepare or cause to be prepared all HGV 
Straddle Income Tax Returns required to be filed after the Distribution 
Date. PK shall file or cause to be filed all such PK Straddle Income Tax 
Returns with the applicable Taxing Authority, and HGV shall file or cause 
to be filed all such HGV Straddle Income Tax Returns with the applicable 
Taxing Authority. All such Tax Returns shall be prepared in a manner: (i) 
consistent with the past practice of the Parties and their Affiliates 
unless otherwise modified by a Final Determination or required by 
applicable Law; (ii) consistent with (and the Parties and their Affiliates 
shall not take any position inconsistent with) the IRS Ruling, the Tax 
Representation Letters, and the Tax Opinions; and (iii) consistent with any 
Pre-Distribution Income Tax Returns; provided, however, that PK and HGV 
shall file or cause to be filed any such U.K. Tax Returns in a manner 
consistent with any elections or claims made in respect of group relief, as 
provided for in Part 5 of the Corporation Act 2010, from HLT and its 
Subsidiaries, subject to the grant of consent to surrender such group 
relief, and shall claim or cause to be claimed the maximum amount of group 
relief available for U.K. Tax purposes with respect to such Tax Returns, 
after claiming the maximum available group relief within their own 
respective U.K. groups.

(b) Tax Package. To the extent not previously provided, HLT shall (at its 
own cost and expense), prepare and provide or cause to be prepared and 
provided to PK and HGV a Tax Package relating to any PK Straddle Income Tax 
Return (in the case of PK) or HGV Straddle Income Tax Return (in the case 
of HGV). Such Tax Package shall be provided in a timely manner. In the 
event HLT does not fulfill its obligations pursuant to this Section 2.2(b), 
PK or HGV, as applicable, shall be entitled, at the sole cost and expense 
of HLT, to prepare or cause to be prepared the information required to be 
included in the Tax Package for purposes of preparing any such PK Straddle 
Income Tax Return or HGV Straddle Income Tax Return.

(c) Procedures Relating to the Preparation and Filing of PK Straddle Income 
Tax Returns and HGV Straddle Income Tax Returns.

(i) PK (in the case of PK Straddle Income Tax Returns required to be filed 
after the Distribution Date) and HGV (in the case of HGV Straddle Income 
Tax Returns required to be filed after the Distribution Date) shall, no 
later than thirty (30) days prior to the Due Date of each such Tax Return 
(reduced to twenty (20) days for state or local Tax Returns), shall make 
available or cause to be made available drafts of such Tax Returns to HLT. 
HLT shall have access to any and all data and information reasonably 
necessary for its review of all such Tax Returns, and PK or HGV (as the 
case may be) shall cooperate fully in the preparation and review of such 
Tax Returns. Subject to the preceding sentence, no later than fifteen (15) 
days after receipt of such Tax Returns (reduced to five (5) days for state 
or local Tax Returns), HLT shall have a right to object to such PK Straddle 
Income Tax Return or such HGV Straddle Income Tax Return (or, in each case, 
items with respect thereto) by written notice to PK or HGV (as applicable); 
such written notice shall contain such disputed item (or items) and the 
basis for its objection.
 
15

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(ii) With respect to a PK Straddle Income Tax Return or HGV Straddle Income 
Tax Return submitted by PK or HGV (as applicable) to HLT pursuant to 
Section 2.2(c)(i), if HLT does not object by proper written notice within 
the time period described, such Tax Return shall be deemed to have been 
accepted and agreed upon, and to be final and conclusive, for purposes of 
this Section 2.2(c)(ii). If HLT does object by proper written notice within 
such applicable time period, PK or HGV (as applicable) shall reflect HLT’s 
comments on such Tax Return; provided, however, that PK or HGV (as 
applicable) shall not be required to reflect comments to the extent such 
comments are inconsistent with the standards set forth in Section 2.2(a). 
The Parties shall act in good faith to resolve any such dispute as promptly 
as practicable. If the Parties have not reached a final resolution with 
respect to all disputed items for which proper written notice was given 
within ten (10) days prior to the Due Date for such Tax Return, then any 
disputed issues shall be submitted to an Big Four Accounting Firm 
(excluding any firm involved in preparing such Tax Return) mutually agreed 
by the Parties for a final binding resolution.

Section 2.3 Responsibility of Parties to Prepare and File Post-Distribution 
Income Tax Returns and Non-Income Tax Returns.

(a) General. The Party or its Affiliate responsible under applicable Law 
for filing a Post-Distribution Income Tax Return or a Non-Income Tax Return 
(in each case required to be filed after the Distribution Date) shall 
prepare and file or cause to be prepared and filed that Tax Return (at that 
Party’s own cost and expense). All such Tax Returns shall be filed in a 
manner (i) consistent with (and the Parties and their Affiliates shall not 
take any position inconsistent with) the IRS Ruling, the Tax Representation 
Letters, and the Tax Opinions and (ii) consistent with any (1) in the case 
of any Post-Distribution Income Tax Return, any Pre-Distribution Income Tax 
Returns and (2) in the case of any Non-Income Tax Return, consistent with 
past practice.

(b) Procedures Relating to the Preparation and Filing of Non-Income Tax 
Returns.

(i) If the Party responsible for paying any Taxes shown on a Non-Income Tax 
Return set forth on Schedule 2.3 (the “Paying Party”) is different from the 
Party responsible for preparing such Non-Income Tax Return under Section 
2.3(a) (the “Preparing Party”), the Preparing Party shall, no later than 
thirty (30) days prior to the Due Date of each such Tax Return, shall make 
available or cause to be made available drafts of such Non-Income Tax 
Return to the Paying Party. The Paying Party shall have access to any and 
all data and information reasonably necessary for its review of all such 
Non-Income Tax Return, and the Preparing Party shall cooperate fully in the 
preparation and review of such Non-Income Tax Return. Subject to the 
preceding sentence, no later than fifteen (15) days after receipt of such 
Non-Income Tax Return, the Paying Party shall have a right to object to 
such Non-Income Tax Return (or items with respect thereto) by written 
notice to the Preparing Party; such written notice shall contain such 
disputed item (or items) and the basis for its objection.
 
16

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(ii) With respect to a Non-Income Tax Return submitted by the Preparing 
Party to the Paying Party pursuant to Section 2.3(b)(i), if the Paying 
Party does not object by proper written notice within the time period 
described, such Non-Income Tax Return shall be deemed to have been accepted 
and agreed upon, and to be final and conclusive, for purposes of this 
Section 2.3(b)(ii). If the Paying Party does object by proper written 
notice within such applicable time period, the Preparing Party shall 
reflect the Paying Party’s comments on such Non-Income Tax Return; 
provided, however, that the Preparing Party shall not be required to 
reflect comments to the extent such comments are inconsistent with the 
standards set forth in Section 2.3(a). The Parties shall act in good faith 
to resolve any such dispute as promptly as practicable. If the Parties have 
not reached a final resolution with respect to all disputed items for which 
proper written notice was given within ten (10) days prior to the Due Date 
for such Non-Income Tax Return, then any disputed issues shall be submitted 
to an Big Four Accounting Firm (excluding any firm involved in preparing 
such Tax Return) mutually agreed by the Parties for a final binding 
resolution.

Section 2.4 Time of Filing Tax Returns. Each Tax Return shall be filed on 
or prior to the Due Date for such Tax Return by the Party responsible for 
filing such Tax Return hereunder.

Section 2.5 Costs and Expenses. The party responsible for preparing any Tax 
Return or Tax Package under Section 2.1, 2.2, or 2.3 shall be responsible 
for the costs and expenses associated with preparing such Tax Return or Tax 
Package.


ARTICLE III

RESPONSIBILITY FOR PAYMENT OF TAXES

Section 3.1 Responsibility for Payment of Taxes. Except as otherwise 
provided in this Agreement, each of HLT, PK and HGV shall be liable for and 
shall pay or cause to be paid the Taxes shown on the Tax Returns for which 
it has the responsibility to prepare under Article II to the applicable 
Taxing Authority.

Section 3.2 Reimbursement of Straddle Income Taxes and Restructuring Taxes
. No later than five (5) Business Days prior to the relevant Due Date for 
Taxes described in Section 3.1, a member of the HLT Group shall pay HGV or 
PK, as applicable, an amount in immediately available funds equal to such 
Taxes to the extent they represent Restructuring Taxes shown on Tax Returns 
for which HGV or PK, as applicable, has responsibility to prepare under 
Article II or are Income Taxes shown on HGV Straddle Income Tax Returns or 
PK Straddle Income Tax Returns, as applicable, that relate to the portion 
of the relevant Straddle Tax Period (as determined under Section 10.2) 
ending on the Distribution Date. No later than five (5) Business Days prior 
to relevant Due Date for Taxes shown on Non-Income Tax Returns, the Parties 
(or members of their Group) shall make payments in immediately available 
funds to the other Parties for any Taxes for which the Paying Party is 
responsible pursuant to Schedule 2.3.

Section 3.3 Timing of Payments of Taxes. All Taxes required to be paid or 
caused to be paid by a Party to a Taxing Authority pursuant to this Article 
III shall be paid or caused to be paid by such Party on or prior to the Due 
Date of such Taxes. All amounts required to be paid by one Party to another 
Party pursuant to this Article III shall be paid or caused to be paid by 
such first Party to such other Party in accordance with Article VII.
 
17

------------------------------------------------------------------------
ARTICLE IV

REFUNDS, CARRYBACKS AND AMENDED TAX RETURNS

Section 4.1 Refunds.

(a) Each Party shall be entitled to refunds (including any similar credit 
or offset of Taxes) that relate to Taxes for which it is liable hereunder 
in accordance with Article III (taking into account Section 3.2), including 
any refunds (or similar credit or offset of Taxes) resulting from 
overpayments of estimated Taxes on or prior to the Distribution Date in 
respect of a Straddle Tax Period; provided, however, that each Party shall 
be entitled to refunds (including any similar credit or offset of Taxes) 
that relate to Taxes for which it was actually liable in accordance with 
Article V or Article VIII.

(b) Any refund or portion thereof to which a Party is entitled pursuant to 
this Section 4.1 that is received or deemed to have been received as 
described herein by another Party, shall be paid by such other Party to 
such first Party in immediately available funds in accordance with Article 
VII.

Section 4.2 Carrybacks. PK and HGV agree and will cause their Subsidiaries 
not to carry back any Tax Attribute for any taxable period ending after the 
Distribution Date to an HLT Combined Income Tax Return or any 
Pre-Distribution Income Tax Return, except as is required by applicable 
Law; provided that where such Tax Attribute is so required to be carried 
back, HLT shall reimburse PK or HGV, as applicable, for any Tax Benefit 
Actually Realized with respect to such Tax Attribute.

Section 4.3 Amended Tax Returns.

(a) Notwithstanding Sections 2.1 and 2.2, a Party or its Subsidiary that is 
entitled to file an amended Tax Return for a Pre-Distribution Tax Period or 
a Straddle Tax Period for members of its Group shall be permitted to 
prepare and file an amended Tax Return at its own cost and expense; 
provided, however, that (i) such amended Tax Return shall be prepared in a 
manner: (x) consistent with the past practice of the Parties and their 
Affiliates unless otherwise modified by a Final Determination or required 
by applicable Law; (y) consistent with (and the Parties and their 
Affiliates shall not take any position inconsistent with) the IRS Ruling, 
the Tax Representation Letters, and the Tax Opinions; and (z) consistent 
with any HLT Combined Income Tax Returns; and (ii) if such amended Tax 
Return could result in one or more other Parties becoming responsible for a 
payment of Taxes pursuant to Article III or a payment to a Party pursuant 
to Article VIII, such amended Tax Return shall be permitted only if the 
consent of such other Parties is obtained. The consent of such other 
Parties shall not be withheld unreasonably and shall be deemed to be 
obtained in the event that a Party or its Subsidiary is required to file an 
amended Tax Return as a result of an Audit adjustment that arose in 
accordance with Article VIII.
 
18

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(b) A Party or its Subsidiary that is entitled to file an amended Tax 
Return for a Post-Distribution Tax Period shall be permitted to do so 
without the consent of any Party.

(c) A Party that is permitted (or whose Subsidiary is permitted) to file an 
amended Tax Return shall not be relieved of any liability for payments 
pursuant to this Agreement notwithstanding that another Party consented 
thereto.


ARTICLE V

DISTRIBUTION TAXES

Section 5.1 Liability for Distribution Taxes. In the event that 
Distribution Taxes become due and payable to a Taxing Authority pursuant to 
a Final Determination or are paid in the reasonable good faith discretion 
of the relevant Audit Representative, then, notwithstanding anything to the 
contrary in this Agreement:

(a) No Fault. If such Distribution Taxes are not attributable to the Fault 
for Distribution Purposes of any Party or any of its Affiliates, the 
responsibility for such Distribution Taxes shall be shared by the Parties 
in accordance with their Sharing Percentages. Notwithstanding anything to 
the contrary in this Agreement, such Distribution Taxes shall not be 
subject to Article III or Section 8.3.

(b) Fault. If such Distribution Taxes are attributable to the Fault for 
Distribution Purposes of one or more Parties or any of their Affiliates, 
the responsibility for such Distribution Taxes shall reside with the Party 
or Parties at Fault for Distribution Purposes. If more than one Party is at 
Fault for Distribution Purposes, the responsibility for the Distribution 
Taxes shall be allocated equally among all of the Parties at Fault for 
Distribution Purposes. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this 
Agreement, such Distribution Taxes shall not be subject to Article III or 
Section 8.3.

Section 5.2 Definition of Fault for Distribution Purposes. For purposes of 
this Agreement, Distribution Taxes shall be deemed to result from the fault 
(“Fault for Distribution Purposes”) of a Party if such Distribution Taxes 
are attributable to, or result from:

(a) any act, or failure or omission to act, by such Party or any of such 
Party’s Affiliates following the Distributions that results in one or more 
Parties (or any of their Affiliates) being responsible for such 
Distribution Taxes pursuant to a Final Determination, regardless of whether 
such act or failure to act (i) is covered by a Post-Distribution Ruling, 
Unqualified Tax Opinion, or waiver in accordance with Section 5.3, or (ii) 
occurs during or after the Restricted Period, or

(b) the direct or indirect acquisition of all or a portion of the stock of 
such Party (or any transaction or series of related transactions that is 
deemed to be such an acquisition for purposes of Section 355(e) of the Code 
and the Treasury Regulations promulgated thereunder) by any means 
whatsoever by any person including pursuant to an issuance or repurchase of 
stock by such Party or any of its Affiliates.
 
19

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Section 5.3 Limits on Proposed Acquisition Transactions and Other 
Transactions During Restricted Period. During the Restricted Period, 
neither PK nor HGV shall (or allow any of their respective Subsidiaries to 
take any such action with respect to PK or HGV):

(a) allow any Proposed Acquisition Transaction to occur with respect to PK 
or HGV (as applicable);

(b) merge or consolidate with any other Person or dissolve, liquidate or 
partially liquidate (other than a wholly owned Subsidiary of PK or HGV, as 
applicable, merging or consolidating with PK or HGV or another wholly owned 
Subsidiary of such PK or HGV, as applicable);

(c) approve or allow the discontinuance, cessation, or sale or other 
transfer (to an Affiliate or otherwise) of any Active Business by PK or 
HGV, as applicable, for purposes of Section 355 of the Code;

(d) sell or otherwise dispose of more than 35 percent (35%) of its 
consolidated gross or net assets or allow the sale or other disposition (to 
an Affiliate or otherwise) of more than 35 percent (35%) of the 
consolidated gross or net assets of PK or HGV (as applicable) (in each 
case, excluding sales in the ordinary course of business, sales the net 
cash proceeds (taking into account any Taxes payable) of which are 
reinvested in other assets (including pursuant to an exchange under Section 
1031 of the Code) and sales the net cash proceeds (taking into account any 
Taxes payable) of which are used to repay indebtedness, and measured based 
on fair market values as of the date of the applicable Distribution or 
other transaction);

(e) amend its certificate of incorporation (or other organizational 
documents) or take any other action or approve or allow the taking of any 
action, whether through a stockholder vote or otherwise, in each case that 
affects the economic or voting rights of the stock of such Party (in each 
case, other than certain amendments to such certificates of incorporation 
to be made in connection with the transactions contemplated by that certain 
Stock Purchase Agreement dated as of October 24, 2016 among HNA Tourism 
Group Company Limited and the seller parties named therein);

(f) purchase, directly or through any Affiliate, any of its outstanding 
stock after the Distributions, other than through stock purchases meeting 
the requirements of Section 4.05(1)(b) of Revenue Procedure 96-30;

(g) take any action or fail to take any action, or permit any of its 
Affiliates to take any action or fail to take any action, that is 
inconsistent with the representations and covenants made in the IRS Ruling 
or in the Tax Representation Letters, or that is inconsistent with any 
rulings or opinions in the IRS Ruling or any Tax Opinion;

(h) in the case of PK, materially reduce the size or scope of the Select 
Hotels Business or the Hotel Laundry Business conducted by PK’s “separate 
affiliated group” within the meaning of Section 355(b)(3)(B) of the Code;
 
20

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(i) in the case of PK, enter into an exchange pursuant to Section 1031 of 
the Code with respect to any of the assets comprising the Select Hotels 
Business or the Hotel Laundry Business; or

(j) enter into an arrangement or agreement to do any of the foregoing.

provided, however, that a Party (the “Requesting Party”) shall be permitted 
to take such action or one or more actions set forth in the foregoing 
clauses (a) through (g) if such action is described in the Reorganization 
Slide Deck or if, prior to taking any such actions: (1) such Requesting 
Party or HLT shall have received a favorable private letter ruling from the 
IRS, or a ruling from another Taxing Authority (a “Post-Distribution Ruling
”), in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to HLT and upon which 
HLT, PK and HGV are entitled to rely that confirms that such action or 
actions will not result in Distribution Taxes, taking into account such 
actions and any other relevant transactions in the aggregate; (2) such 
Requesting Party shall have received an Unqualified Tax Opinion that 
confirms that such action or actions will not result in Distribution Taxes, 
taking into account such actions and any other relevant transactions in the 
aggregate; or (3) such Requesting Party shall have received a written 
statement from each of the other Parties that provides that such other 
Party waives the requirement to obtain a Post-Distribution Ruling or 
Unqualified Tax Opinion described in this paragraph. The Requesting Party 
shall bear all costs and expenses of securing any such Post-Distribution 
Ruling or Unqualified Tax Opinion.

Section 5.4 Certain Limitations on PK with Respect to its Stock.

(a) During the Restricted Period, PK may not issue any of its stock or take 
any action with respect to its stock that would cause an Acquisition 
(including redemptions or repurchases), or issue any options or other 
instruments that grant the holder a right (including if PK has a right to 
settle the obligation with property other than PK stock) to complete an 
Acquisition (any such issuance or other transaction, a “PK Issuance”); 
provided that HGV shall have no right to enforce this Section 5.4(a) 
against PK.

(b) Notwithstanding Section 5.4(a), a PK Issuance shall be permitted if, 
immediately after such PK Issuance, the PK Applicable Percentage will be 
less than or equal to the PK Percentage Shift Limit.

(c) Notwithstanding Section 5.4(a), a PK Issuance shall be permitted where 
such PK Issuance (or the related issuance of stock in the case of an option 
issuance) is described in Treasury Regulations Section 1.355-7(d)(8) (other 
than a PK Issuance made in connection with a merger or other acquisition 
transaction by a third party; provided, that no PK Issuance will be deemed 
to be connected with an acquisition pursuant to a secondary sale for cash 
of PK stock by one or more Blackstone Entities in a public offering).

(d) Notwithstanding Section 5.4(a), a PK Issuance shall be permitted if PK 
provides an Unqualified 355(e) Opinion to HLT; provided, further, that in 
the case of a PK Issuance of stock pursuant to an exercise of an option or 
other instrument that grants the holder a right (including if PK has a 
right to settle the obligation with property other than PK stock) to 
complete such an acquisition, such PK Issuance shall be permitted if PK 
provided an Unqualified 355(e) Opinion to HLT in respect of the PK Issuance 
of such option or other instrument.
 
21

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(e) A PK Issuance which is permitted pursuant to Section 5.4(c) or (d) 
shall be disregarded for purposes of clauses (a)(i) and (b)(i) of the 
definition of PK Applicable Percentage.

(f) Upon a Reallocation Event with respect to PK stock, the Blackstone 
Representative, on the one hand, and PK, on the other, shall use reasonable 
efforts to allocate the Reallocation Event Reduction to and reduce the 
Blackstone-PK Percentage Shift Limit and/or PK Percentage Shift Limit. If 
the Blackstone Representative and PK do not agree on an allocation, the 
Reallocation Event Reduction shall first be allocated to and reduce the PK 
Percentage Shift Limit (but not below the PK Applicable Percentage as of 
the time of the Reallocation Event). Any excess Reallocation Event 
Reduction shall be allocated to and reduce the Blackstone-PK Percentage 
Shift Limit (but not below the Blackstone-PK Applicable Percentage as of 
the time of the Reallocation Event). For the avoidance of doubt, the sum 
(immediately before the Reallocation Event) of the Blackstone-PK Percentage 
Shift Limit and PK Percentage Shift Limit shall equal the sum (immediately 
after the Reallocation Event), of the Reallocation Event Reduction plus 
Blackstone-PK Percentage Shift Limit and PK Percentage Shift Limit. 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section 5.4(f), if the 
Blackstone Representative or PK provides an Unqualified 355(e) Opinion with 
respect to a purported Reallocation Event to HLT, such purported 
Reallocation Event shall not constitute a Reallocation Event.

(g) During the Restricted Period, if a proposed PK Issuance is a redemption 
or repurchase, then, immediately before such PK Issuance, (i) the 
Blackstone-PK Percentage Shift Limit shall be increased or decreased (but 
not below the Blackstone-PK Applicable Percentage as of immediately before 
such PK Issuance) such that the number of shares permitted to be Disposed 
of under Section 2.2(a)(ii) of the Stockholders Agreement remains unchanged 
immediately after such PK Issuance (other than to reflect shares of PK 
actually redeemed or repurchased from the Blackstone Entities pursuant to 
such PK Issuance), and (ii) the PK Percentage Shift Limit shall be 
decreased (in the case of an increase in clause (i), but not below the PK 
Applicable Percentage as of immediately before such PK Issuance) or 
increased (in the case of a decrease in clause (i)) by the amount set forth 
in clause (i). If clause (ii) calls for a reduction in the PK Percentage 
Shift Limit and the amount of such reduction would be limited by the 
parenthetical therein, then, notwithstanding any other provision of this 
Agreement (including Section 5.4(d)), PK shall not undertake such PK 
Issuance without the written consent of the Blackstone Representative; 
provided that in the event the Blackstone Representative so consents, the 
amount of the increase set forth in (i) shall not exceed the amount of the 
decrease set forth in (ii). For the avoidance of doubt, a PK Issuance that 
satisfies the requirements of this Section 5.4(g) remains subject to the 
provisions of this Agreement, including, without limitation, this Section 
5.4. For the avoidance of doubt, if a proposed PK Issuance is not 
consummated, the Blackstone-PK Percentage Shift Limit and PK Percentage 
Shift Limit shall not be adjusted pursuant to this Section 5.4(g) as a 
result of such proposed PK Issuance.

(h) For purposes of computing the (a) PK Applicable Percentage, (b) 
Blackstone-PK Applicable Percentage or (c) Reallocation Event Reduction, 
any calculation of the shift of ownership of PK under Section 355(e) shall 
take into account (i) any IRS private letter ruling received by one or more 
of HLT, PK, HGV and/or the Blackstone Entities and (ii) any unqualified 
“will” opinion of a Qualified Tax Advisor (or, with respect to an opinion 
delivered by HLT, “should” opinion) addressed to HLT and in form and 
substance reasonably satisfactory to HLT, without substantive 
qualifications, in each case addressing the manner in which the calculation 
of such shift is performed.
 
22

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(i) The provisions of this Section 5.4 are intended for the benefit of, and 
shall be enforceable by, each of the Blackstone Entities.

Section 5.5 IRS Ruling, Tax Representation Letters, and Tax Opinions; 
Consistency. Each Party represents that the information and representations 
furnished with respect to such Party or its Subsidiaries in or in 
connection with the IRS Ruling, the Tax Representation Letters, or the Tax 
Opinions are accurate and complete as of the Effective Time. Each Party 
covenants that if, after the Effective Time, it or any of its Affiliates 
obtains information indicating, or otherwise becomes aware, that any such 
information or representations is or may be inaccurate or incomplete, to 
promptly inform the other Parties.

Section 5.6 Timing of Payment of Taxes. All Distribution Taxes required to 
be paid or caused to be paid by a Party to a Taxing Authority under 
applicable Law shall be paid or caused to be paid by such Party on or prior 
to the Due Date of such Distribution Taxes. All amounts required to be paid 
by one Party to another Party (including obligations arising under Article 
VI) pursuant to this Article V shall be paid or caused to be paid by such 
first Party to such other Party in accordance with Article VII.

Section 5.7 Protective Section 336(e) Elections.

(a) PK, on the one hand, and each of OpCo and HGV, on the other, shall make 
a protective election under Section 336(e) of the Code (and any similar 
election under state or local law) with respect to the applicable Internal 
Distribution in accordance with Treasury Regulation Section 1.336-2(h) and 
(j) (and any applicable provisions under state and local law), and the 
Parties shall cooperate in the timely completion and/or filings of such 
elections and any related filings or procedures (including filing or 
amending any Tax Returns to implement an election that becomes effective). 
This Section 5.7(a) is intended to constitute binding, written agreements 
to make elections under Section 336(e) of the Code with respect to the 
Internal Distributions. If an election under Section 336(e) of the Code is 
unavailable to PK, on the one hand, and OpCo or HGV, on the other, in 
connection with the applicable Internal Distribution, PK and HLT shall (and 
shall cause their Affiliates to) cooperate in making an effective election 
under Section 338(h)(10) of the Code (and any similar election under state 
or local law) with respect to such applicable Internal Distribution and 
cooperate with respect to any related filings or procedures (including 
having PK and HLT file an election under Section 338(h)(10) of the Code 
under the relief provisions of Treasury Regulation Sections 301.9100-1, et. 
seq. and filing or amending any Tax Returns to implement an election that 
becomes effective).

(b) HLT and HGV shall make a protective election under Section 336(e) of 
the Code (and any similar election under state or local law) with respect 
to the HGV Distribution in accordance with Treasury Regulation Section 
1.336-2(h) and (j) (and any applicable provisions under state and local 
law) and shall cooperate in the timely completion and/or filings of such 
elections and any related filings or procedures (including filing or 
amending any Tax Returns to implement an election that becomes effective). 
This Section 5.7(b) is intended to constitute a binding, written agreement 
to make an election under Section 336(e) of the Code with respect to the 
HGV Distribution.
 
23

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(c) HLT shall, within six (6) months of the Distribution Date, determine in 
its good faith discretion whether HLT and PK and/or any additional 
applicable parent and subsidiary entities shall make a protective election 
under Section 336(e) of the Code (and any similar election under state or 
local law) in accordance with Treasury Regulation Section 1.336-2(h) and 
(j) (and any applicable provisions under state and local law) with respect 
to the PK or the Subsidiaries of HLT immediately before the first of the 
External Distributions. If HLT so determines that HLT and PK and/or an 
applicable parent and subsidiary entity shall make a protective election 
under Section 336(e), the relevant Parties shall cooperate (and shall cause 
their respective Affiliates to cooperate) in the timely completion and/or 
filings of such elections and any related filings or procedures and any 
similar procedures or relief provisions with respect to Section 338(h)(10) 
of the Code in the event a protective election under Section 336(e) is not 
available with respect to an Internal Distribution. The Parties shall 
cooperate (and shall cause their respective Affiliates to cooperate) in 
causing HLT and PK and/or the applicable parent and subsidiary entities to 
enter into binding agreements to make such elections under Section 336(e) 
of the Code within twenty (20) days following such determination.

(d) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, in the event that an 
election contemplated in Section 5.7 is made and becomes effective, then 
the Parties shall share in the Tax Benefit Actually Realized as a result of 
such election in accordance with the Parties’ relative responsibility for 
such Taxes under this Article V, and payments shall be made between the 
Parties, if necessary.


ARTICLE VI

INDEMNIFICATION

Section 6.1 Indemnification Obligations of HLT. HLT and OpCo shall jointly 
and severally indemnify PK and its Affiliates and HGV and its Affiliates 
and hold the indemnified party harmless from and against (without 
duplication):

(a) all Taxes and other amounts for which the HLT Group is responsible 
under this Agreement and any related Losses; and

(b) all Taxes and Losses attributable to a breach of any representation, 
covenant, or obligation of HLT or OpCo under this Agreement.

Section 6.2 Indemnification Obligations of PK. PK shall indemnify OpCo and 
its Affiliates and HGV and its Affiliates and hold them harmless from and 
against (without duplication):

(a) all Taxes and other amounts for which the PK Group is responsible under 
this Agreement and any related Losses; and

(b) all Taxes and Losses attributable to a breach of any representation, 
covenant, or obligation of PK under this Agreement.
 
24

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Section 6.3 Indemnification Obligations of HGV. HGV shall indemnify HLT and 
its Affiliates and PK and its Affiliates and hold them harmless from and 
against (without duplication):

(a) all Taxes and other amounts for which the HGV Group is responsible 
under this Agreement and any related Losses; and

(b) all Taxes and Losses attributable to a breach of any representation, 
covenant or obligation of HGV under this Agreement.

Section 6.4 Protected REITs. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in 
this Agreement, in the event that counsel or independent accountants for a 
Protected REIT determine that there exists a material risk that any 
indemnification payments due under this Agreement would be treated as 
Nonqualifying Income upon the payment of such amounts to the relevant 
Indemnified Party, the amount paid to the Indemnified Party pursuant to 
this Agreement in any tax year shall not exceed the maximum amount that can 
be paid to the Indemnified Party in such year without causing the Protected 
REIT to fail to meet the REIT Requirements for any tax year, determined as 
if the payment of such amount were Nonqualifying Income as determined by 
such counsel or independent accountants to the Protected REIT. If the 
amount payable for any tax year pursuant to the preceding sentence is less 
than the amount which the relevant Indemnifying Party would otherwise be 
obligated to pay to the relevant Indemnified Party pursuant to this 
Agreement (the “Expense Amount”), then: (1) the Indemnifying Party shall 
place the Expense Amount into an escrow account (the “Escrow Account”) 
using an escrow agent and agreement reasonably acceptable to the 
Indemnified Party (which shall include that (y) the amount in the Escrow 
Account shall be treated as the property of the Indemnifying Party, unless 
it is released from such Escrow Account to the Indemnified Party, and (z) 
all income earned upon the amount in the Escrow Account shall be treated as 
the property of the Indemnifying Party and reported, as and to the extent 
required by applicable Law, by the escrow agent to the IRS, or any other 
taxing authority, on IRS Form 1099 or 1042S (or other appropriate form) as 
income earned by the Indemnifying Party whether or not said income has been 
distributed during such taxable year) and shall not release any portion 
thereof to the Indemnified Party, and the Indemnified Party shall not be 
entitled to any such amount, unless and until the Indemnified Party 
delivers to the Indemnifying Party, at the sole option of the relevant 
Protected REIT, (i) an opinion (an “Expense Amount Tax Opinion”) of the 
Protected REIT’s tax counsel to the effect that such amount, if and to the 
extent paid, would not constitute Nonqualifying Income, (ii) a letter (an “
Expense Amount Accountant’s Letter”) from the Protected REIT’s independent 
accountants indicating the maximum portion of the Expense Amount that can 
be paid at that time to the Indemnified Party without causing the Protected 
REIT to fail to meet the REIT Requirements for any relevant taxable year, 
or (iii) a private letter ruling issued by the IRS to the Protected REIT 
indicating that the receipt of any Expense Amount hereunder will not cause 
the Protected REIT to fail to satisfy the REIT Requirements (a “REIT 
Qualification Ruling” and, collectively with an Expense Amount Tax Opinion 
and an Expense Amount Accountant’s Letter, a “Release Document”); (2) 
pending the delivery of a Release Document by the Indemnified Party to the 
Indemnifying Party, the Indemnified Party shall have the right, but not the 
obligation, to borrow the Expense Amount from the Escrow Account pursuant 
to a loan agreement reasonably acceptable to the Indemnified Party that (i) 
requires the Indemnifying Party to lend the Indemnified Party immediately 
available cash proceeds in an amount equal to the Expense
 
25

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Amount, and (ii) provides for (A) a commercially reasonable interest rate 
and commercially reasonable covenants, taking into account the credit 
standing and profile of the Indemnified Party or any guarantor of the 
Indemnified Party, including the Protected REIT, at the time of such loan, 
and (B) a fifteen (15) year maturity with no periodic amortization; and (3) 
the Indemnified Party shall bear all costs and expenses with respect to the 
escrow as contemplated by clauses (1) and (2) in this Section 6.4.


ARTICLE VII

PAYMENTS

Section 7.1 Payments.

(a) General. In the event that an Indemnifying Party is required to make a 
payment to an Indemnified Party pursuant to this Agreement, such payment 
shall be made to the Indemnified Party within the time prescribed for 
payment in this Agreement, or if no period is prescribed, within twenty 
(20) days after delivery of written notice of payment owing together with a 
computation of the amounts due. If the Indemnifying Party fails to make a 
payment to the Indemnified Party within the time period set forth in this 
Section 7.1 or as otherwise provided in this Agreement, such Indemnifying 
Party shall pay to the Indemnified Party interest that accrues (at a rate 
equal to LIBOR) on the amount of such payment from the time that such 
payment was due to the Indemnified Party until the date that payment is 
actually made to the Indemnified Party; provided, however, that this 
provision for interest shall not be construed to give the Indemnifying 
Party the right to defer payment beyond the due date hereunder.

(b) Right of Setoff. It is expressly understood that an Indemnifying Party 
is hereby authorized to set off and apply any and all amounts required to 
be paid to an Indemnified Party pursuant to this Section 7.1 against any 
and all of the obligations of the Indemnified Party to the Indemnifying 
Party arising under Section 7.1 of this Agreement that are then either due 
and payable or past due, irrespective of whether such Indemnifying Party 
has made any demand for payment with respect to such obligations.

Section 7.2 Treatment of Payments made Pursuant to Tax Matters Agreement. 
Unless otherwise required by a Final Determination or this Agreement or 
otherwise agreed to among the Parties, for U.S. federal Tax purposes, any 
payment (other than payments of interest pursuant to Section 7.1(a)) made 
pursuant to this Agreement by:

(a) PK to OpCo shall be treated for all Tax purposes as a tax-free 
contribution by PK to OpCo with respect to its stock occurring immediately 
before the Internal Distribution of OpCo common stock;

(b) HGV to HLT shall be treated for all Tax purposes as a distribution by 
HGV to HLT with respect to its stock occurring after HGV is directly owned 
by HLT and immediately before the HGV Distribution;

(c) OpCo to PK shall be treated for all Tax purposes as a distribution by 
OpCo to PK with respect to stock of OpCo occurring immediately before the 
Internal Distribution of OpCo common stock;
 
26

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(d) HLT to PK shall be treated for all Tax purposes as a tax-free 
contribution by HLT to PK with respect to its stock occurring immediately 
before the PK Distribution;

(e) HLT to HGV shall be treated for all Tax purposes as a tax-free 
contribution by HLT to HGV with respect to its stock occurring after HGV is 
directly owned by HLT and immediately before the HGV Distribution;

(f) PK to HGV shall be treated for all Tax purposes as a tax-free 
contribution by PK to HGV with respect to its stock occurring immediately 
before the Internal Distribution of HGV Common Stock;

(g) HGV to PK shall be treated for all Tax purposes as a distribution by 
HGV to PK with respect to its stock occurring immediately before the 
Internal Distribution of HGV Common Stock; and

(h) in each case, none of the Parties shall take any position inconsistent 
with such treatment. In the event that a Taxing Authority asserts that a 
Party’s treatment of a payment pursuant to this Agreement should be other 
than as required pursuant to this Agreement (ignoring any potential 
inconsistent or adverse Final Determination), such Party shall use its 
commercially reasonable efforts to contest such challenge.

Section 7.3 Payments Net of Tax Benefit Actually Realized and Tax Cost. 
Subject to Section 5.7(d), all amounts required to be paid by one Party to 
another pursuant to this Agreement or the Distribution Agreement shall be 
reduced by the Tax Benefit Actually Realized by the Indemnified Party or 
its Affiliates in the taxable year the payment is made or any prior taxable 
year as a result of the claim giving rise to the payment. If the receipt or 
accrual of any such payment (other than payments of interest pursuant 
Section 11.11 of the Distribution Agreement or Section 7.1(a)) results in 
taxable income to the Indemnified Party or its Affiliates, such payment 
shall be increased so that, after the payment of any Taxes with respect to 
the payment, the Indemnified Party or its Affiliates shall have realized 
the same net amount it would have realized had the payment not resulted in 
taxable income.


ARTICLE VIII

AUDITS

Section 8.1 Notice. Within twenty (20) Business Days after a Party or any 
of its Affiliates receives a written notice from a Taxing Authority of the 
existence of an Audit that may require indemnification pursuant to this 
Agreement, that Party shall notify the other Parties of such receipt and 
send such notice to the other Parties via overnight mail. The failure of 
one Party to notify the other Parties of an Audit shall not relieve such 
other Party of any liability and/or obligation that it may have under this 
Agreement, except to the extent that the Indemnifying Party’s rights under 
this Agreement are materially prejudiced by such failure.

Section 8.2 Audits.

(a) Determination of Administering Party.
 
27

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(i) Subject to Sections 8.2(b) and 8.2(c), HLT and its Subsidiaries shall 
administer and control all Audits of Pre-Distribution Income Tax Returns.

(ii) Audits of PK Straddle Income Tax Returns, HGV Straddle Income Tax 
Returns, Post-Distribution Income Tax Returns, and Non-Income Tax Returns 
shall be administered and controlled by the Party and its Subsidiaries that 
would be primarily liable under applicable Law to pay to the applicable 
Taxing Authority the Taxes resulting from such Audits. Audits of 
Post-Distribution Income Tax Returns and Non-Income Tax Returns for taxable 
periods beginning after the Distribution Date shall not be subject to 
Sections 8.2(b) and 8.2(c).

(b) Administration and Control; Cooperation.

(i) Subject to Sections 8.2(b)(ii) and 8.2(c), the Audit Management Party 
shall have absolute authority to make all decisions (determined in its sole 
discretion) with respect to the administration and control of such Audit, 
including the selection of all external advisors. In that regard, the Audit 
Management Party (a) may in its sole discretion settle or otherwise 
determine not to continue to contest any issue related to such Audit 
without the consent of the other Parties, and (b) shall, as soon as 
reasonably practicable and prior to settlement of an issue that could cause 
one or more other Parties to become responsible for Taxes under Section 
8.3, notify the Audit Representatives of such other Parties of such 
settlement. The other Parties shall (and shall cause their Affiliates to) 
undertake all actions and execute all documents (including an extension of 
the applicable statute of limitations) that are determined in the sole 
discretion of the Audit Management Party to be necessary to effectuate such 
administration and control. The Parties shall act in good faith and use 
their reasonable best efforts to cooperate fully with each other Party (and 
their Affiliates) in connection with such Audit and shall provide or cause 
their Subsidiaries to provide such information to each other as may be 
necessary or useful with respect to such Audit in a timely manner, identify 
and provide access to potential witnesses, and other persons with knowledge 
and other information within its control and reasonably necessary to the 
resolution of the Audit.

(ii) In the case of any Audit in respect of Distribution Taxes for which a 
Party could be liable pursuant to Section 5.1(b), such Party shall have the 
rights of a Participating Party described in Section 8.2(c); provided, 
however, that the relevant Audit Management Party shall not settle such 
Audit without the prior written consent of such Party that could be liable 
for Distribution Taxes pursuant to Section 5.1(b). In the event more than 
one Party would be liable under Section 5.1(b), such Parties shall each 
have the rights described in this Section 8.2(b)(ii) with respect to such 
Audit.

(c) Participation Rights of Parties and Information Sharing with respect to 
Audits.

(i) Each Party that would be responsible under Section 8.3 for Taxes 
resulting from an Audit (other than the Audit Management Party) (a “
Participating Party”) shall have the rights as set forth in this Section 
8.2(c) with respect to such Audit. Upon the reasonable request of a 
Participating Party, the Audit Management Party shall make available 
relevant personnel and external advisors to meet with the Participating 
Party and its independent auditor in order to review the status of the 
Audits. The Participating Parties shall provide the Audit Management Party 
with reasonable notice of such requested meetings or information.
 
28

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(ii) Each Participating Party shall have access to any written 
documentation in the possession of the Audit Management Party that pertains 
to the Audit (including any written summaries of issues that the Audit 
Management Party has developed in the context of evaluating the financial 
reporting of the Audit); provided, however, that if documentation was 
prepared solely by or on behalf of a Party, then the documentation must 
relate to the joint defense of the Audit. Copies of the documentation will 
be made available to the Participating Parties at their sole cost and 
expense.

(iii) Upon becoming aware of any scheduled meeting or scheduled phone call 
with an Audit agent, the Audit Management Party shall use commercially 
reasonable efforts to inform each Participating Party of the time, location 
and/or expected subject matter of such meeting or phone call. Such 
Participating Party shall be entitled to designate a representative to 
attend such meeting or phone call (it being understood that the Audit 
Management Party shall not have any obligation to reschedule any such 
meeting or phone call to facilitate such representative’s attendance); 
provided, however, that such Participating Party (and its representative) 
may not actively participate in such meeting or phone call.

(iv) The Participating Parties are encouraged to provide consultation to 
the Audit Management Party in regards to Audit strategy and shall, upon 
request of the Audit Management Party, provide such consultation. The 
Participating Party may elect to employ separate counsel to advise the 
Participating Party as additional counsel in or in connection with an 
Audit, but in that event, the fees and expenses of the separate counsel 
shall be paid solely by the Participating Party. The Audit Management Party 
shall in good faith consider all advice and other input received from the 
Participating Parties in connection with their consultations with respect 
to an Audit. However, the Audit Management Party shall retain the sole 
authority to make all Audit decisions. In that regard, the Participating 
Parties and their separate counsels shall not be allowed to participate in 
any Audit-related meetings other than those described in (i), (ii) or (iii) 
above, respond directly to a Taxing Authority conducting the Audit, or in 
any manner control resolution of the Audit.

(d) Power of Attorney/Officer Signature. Each Party hereby appoints (and 
shall cause its Subsidiaries to appoint) the Audit Management Party (and 
its designated representatives) as its agent and attorney-in-fact to take 
the actions the Audit Management Party deems necessary or appropriate to 
implement the responsibilities of the Audit Management Party under this 
Agreement. Each Party also shall (or shall cause its Subsidiaries to) 
execute and deliver to the Audit Management Party a power of attorney, and 
such other documents as are reasonably requested from time to time by the 
Audit Management Party (or its designee).

Section 8.3 Payment of Audit Amounts.

(a) Except as set forth in Section 8.3(b) or (c), in connection with any 
Audit of any Income Tax Return or Non-Income Tax Return, in each case for a 
Pre-Distribution Tax Period or a Straddle Tax Period:

(i) A member of the HLT Group shall be liable for and shall pay or cause to 
be paid to the applicable Taxing Authority, PK or HGV (as the case may be) 
the HLT Allocable Audit Portion owed as a result of such Audit;
 
29

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(ii) PK shall be liable for and shall pay or cause to be paid to the 
applicable Taxing Authority, a member of the HLT Group or HGV (as the case 
may be) the PK Allocable Audit Portion owed as a result of such Audit;

(iii) HGV shall be liable for and shall pay or cause to be paid to the 
applicable Taxing Authority, a member of the HLT Group or PK (as the case 
may be) the HGV Allocable Audit Portion owed as a result of such Audit.

(b) All additional U.S. federal, state or local Income Taxes for a 
Pre-Distribution Tax Period or a Straddle Tax Period due and payable as a 
result of an Audit of an Income Tax Return for a Pre-Distribution Tax 
Period or a Straddle Tax Period relating to an item listed on Schedule 
8.3(b) (including any corresponding or correlative adjustments for U.S. 
federal, state or local Income Tax purposes) (“Specified Audit Taxes”) 
shall be allocated first, to a member of the HLT Group up to an aggregate 
amount equal to ninety million dollars ($90,000,000), and second, among the 
Parties in accordance with their respective Sharing Percentages. All 
additional Taxes that are Restructuring Taxes and are due and payable as a 
result of an Audit shall be allocated among the Parties in accordance with 
their respective Sharing Percentages. Each Party shall be liable for any 
shall pay or cause to be paid to the applicable Taxing Authority all such 
Taxes so allocated to it.

(c) Third Party Indemnity Payments. Any benefit or liability resulting from 
any Tax sharing, contractual indemnity agreements or similar agreements, 
written or unwritten, as between any of the Parties or their respective 
Subsidiaries, on the one hand, and any other third party, on the other hand 
(other than the Distribution Agreement, this Agreement or any other 
Ancillary Agreement) (“Tax Sharing Agreements”), shall remain the benefit 
or liability of such Party or its respective Subsidiary; provided, however, 
that the Party responsible under this Agreement for any Taxes shall be 
responsible for any related liability in respect of such Taxes under any 
Tax Sharing Agreement, and be entitled to any related benefit in respect of 
such Taxes under any Tax Sharing Agreement. No Party shall be entitled to 
indemnification under this Agreement in respect of Taxes to the extent such 
Party or one of its Subsidiaries is indemnified under any Tax Sharing 
Agreement, and the Parties shall (and shall cause their Subsidiaries to) 
use commercially reasonable efforts to pursue any indemnification rights 
under any Tax Sharing Agreement if such indemnification would reduce the 
other Party’s responsibility for such Taxes under this Agreement.


ARTICLE IX

COOPERATION AND EXCHANGE OF INFORMATION

Section 9.1 Cooperation and Exchange of Information. The Parties shall each 
cooperate fully (and each shall cause its respective Subsidiaries to 
cooperate fully) and in a timely manner (considering the other Party’s 
normal internal processing or reporting requirements) with all reasonable 
requests in writing from another Party hereto, or from an agent,
 
30

------------------------------------------------------------------------
representative, or advisor to such Party, in connection with the 
preparation and filing of Tax Returns, claims for refund, Audits, 
determinations of Tax Attributes and the calculation of Taxes or other 
amounts required to be paid hereunder, and any applicable financial 
reporting requirements of a Party or its Affiliates, in each case, related 
or attributable to or arising in connection with Taxes or Tax Attributes of 
any of the Parties or their respective Subsidiaries covered by this 
Agreement. Such cooperation shall include, without limitation:

(a) the retention until the expiration of the applicable statute of 
limitations or, if later, until the expiration of all relevant Tax 
Attributes (in each case taking into account all waivers and extensions), 
and the provision upon request, of Tax Returns of the Parties and their 
respective Subsidiaries for periods up to and including the Distribution 
Date, books, records (including information regarding ownership and Tax 
basis of property), documentation, and other information relating to such 
Tax Returns, including accompanying schedules, related work papers, and 
documents relating to rulings or other determinations by Taxing 
Authorities;

(b) the execution of any document that may be necessary or reasonably 
helpful in connection with any Audit of any of the Parties or their 
respective Subsidiaries, or the filing of a Tax Return or refund claim of 
the Parties or any of their respective Subsidiaries (including the 
signature of an officer of a Party or its Subsidiary);

(c) the use of the Party’s reasonable efforts to obtain any documentation 
and provide additional facts, insights or views as requested by another 
Party that may be necessary or reasonably helpful in connection with any of 
the foregoing (including without limitation any information contained in 
Tax or other financial information databases); and

(d) the use of the Party’s reasonable efforts to obtain any Tax Returns 
(including accompanying schedules, related work papers, and documents), 
documents, books, records, or other information that may be necessary or 
helpful in connection with any Tax Returns of any of the Parties or their 
Affiliates.

Each Party shall make its and its Subsidiaries’ employees and facilities 
available on a reasonable and mutually convenient basis in connection with 
the foregoing matters. Except for costs and expenses otherwise allocated 
among the Parties pursuant to this Agreement, including costs incurred 
under Article II and Article VIII, no reimbursement shall be made for costs 
and expenses incurred by the Parties as a result of cooperating pursuant to 
this Section 9.1.

Section 9.2 Retention of Records. Subject to Section 9.1, if any of the 
Parties or their respective Subsidiaries intends to dispose of any 
documentation relating to the Taxes of the Parties or their respective 
Subsidiaries for which another Party to this Agreement may be responsible 
pursuant to the terms of this Agreement (including, without limitation, Tax 
Returns, books, records, documentation, and other information, accompanying 
schedules, related work papers, and documents relating to rulings or other 
determinations by Taxing Authorities), such Party shall or shall cause 
written notice to the other Parties describing the documentation to be 
destroyed or disposed of sixty (60) Business Days prior to taking such 
action. The other Parties may arrange to take delivery of the documentation 
described in the notice at their expense during the succeeding sixty (60) 
day period.
 
31

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Section 9.3 Tax Opinions. The Parties shall reasonably cooperate (and cause 
the members of the relevant Group to reasonably cooperate) in obtaining any 
Unqualified Tax Opinion, Unqualified 355(e) Opinion or, in the case of PK, 
any “Unqualified 355(e) Opinion” or “Unqualified Device Opinion” each as 
defined in the Stockholders Agreement (including making reasonable 
representations required in connection with any such opinion), including by 
maintaining and making available to each other all records necessary in 
connection with such opinions and making employees available on a mutually 
convenient basis to provide additional information or explanation of any 
material provided hereunder.


ARTICLE X

ALLOCATION OF TAX ATTRIBUTES
AND OTHER TAX MATTERS

Section 10.1 Allocation of Tax Attributes. HLT shall in good faith advise 
each of PK and HGV in writing of the portion, if any, of any Tax 
Attributes, earnings and profits, or other consolidated, combined or 
unitary attribute that HLT determines shall be allocated or apportioned to 
each Group under applicable Law; provided, however, that such determination 
shall be made in a manner that is: (a) reasonably consistent with the past 
practices of the Parties; (b) in accordance with the rules prescribed by 
applicable Law, including the Code and the Treasury Regulations; and (c) 
consistent with the IRS Ruling, the Tax Representation Letters, and the Tax 
Opinions. HLT agrees to provide the other Parties with all of the 
information supporting the Tax Attribute and other determinations made by 
HLT pursuant to this Section 10.1. In the case of an Audit of 
Pre-Distribution Income Tax Returns that results in an increase in the 
earnings and profits allocated to PK, PK may be required to pay a 
“deficiency dividend,” in accordance with Section 860 of the Code, within 
ninety (90) days after the “determination,” as defined in Section 860 of 
the Code. To provide PK with sufficient notice so that PK can make 
arrangements to pay such a deficiency dividend within ninety (90) days 
after the determination, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this 
Agreement, HLT agrees to keep PK informed of any Audit of Pre-Distribution 
Income Tax Returns that could result in an increase in the earnings and 
profits allocated to PK, and HLT agrees to notify PK of a determination 
with respect to such Audit within five (5) Business Days after such 
determination.

Section 10.2 Allocation of Tax Items. All determinations for purposes of 
this Agreement regarding the allocation of Income Tax items (other than Tax 
items arising on the Distribution Date but after the applicable 
Distribution that are outside the ordinary course of business) between the 
portion of a Straddle Tax Period that ends on the Distribution Date and the 
portion that begins the day after the Distribution Date shall be made based 
on a closing of the books method under the principles of Treasury 
Regulation 1.1502-76 (and any similar rule under U.S. state, local or 
non-U.S. Law) as determined by HLT on any HLT Combined Income Tax Return, 
unless in each case the Parties unanimously agree otherwise; provided, 
however, any Taxes in respect of actions taken outside the ordinary course 
of business on the date of an External Distribution but after such External 
Distribution shall be deemed to arise the day after such External 
Distribution. Any such allocation of Tax items shall initially be made by 
HLT. To the extent that HGV or PK disagrees with such determination, the 
dispute shall be resolved by an Big Four Accounting Firm mutually agreed 
upon by the Parties for a final binding resolution. For purposes of 
preparing any Income Tax Returns for the year of the Distributions that 
require
 
32

------------------------------------------------------------------------
an allocation of Tax items between a Pre-Distribution Tax Period and a 
Post-Distribution Tax Period, Tax items shall be allocated based on a 
closing of the books method under Treasury Regulation 1.1502-76 (and any 
similar rule under U.S. state, local or non-U.S. Law) as determined by HLT 
on any HLT Combined Income Tax Return, unless the Parties unanimously agree 
otherwise. Except for the transactions contemplated in the Reorganization 
Slide Deck or any Implementing Agreement, HGV and PK shall not (and shall 
not permit any member of their respective Groups to) take any action 
outside the ordinary course of business on the date of an External 
Distribution but after such External Distribution.


ARTICLE XI

DEFAULTED AMOUNTS

Section 11.1 General. In the event that one or more Parties defaults on its 
obligation to pay Distribution Taxes for which it is liable pursuant to 
Article V to another Party, then each non-defaulting Party shall be 
required to fund a portion of such Distribution Taxes in accordance with 
the Sharing Percentages of the non-defaulting Parties; provided, however, 
that no payment obligation shall exist under this Section 11.1 with respect 
to Distribution Taxes that are attributable to the Fault for Distribution 
Purposes of one or more Parties; provided, further, that any payment of 
Distribution Taxes by a non-defaulting Party pursuant to this Section 11.1 
shall in no way release the defaulting Party from its obligations to pay 
such Distribution Taxes and any non-defaulting Party may exercise any 
available legal remedies available against such defaulting Party; provided, 
further, that interest shall accrue on any such payment by a non-defaulting 
Party at a rate per annum equal to the then applicable LIBOR. In connection 
with the foregoing, it is expressly understood that any defaulting Party’s 
rights to any amounts to be received by such defaulting Party hereunder may 
be used via a right of offset to satisfy, in whole or in part, the 
obligations of such defaulting Party to pay the Distribution Taxes that are 
borne by the non-defaulting Parties; such rights of offset shall be applied 
in favor of the non-defaulting Party or Parties in proportion to the 
additional amounts paid by any such non-defaulting Party or Parties.


ARTICLE XII

DISPUTE RESOLUTION

Section 12.1 Negotiation. In the event of a dispute arising out of or in 
connection with this Agreement (including its interpretation, performance 
or validity) (collectively, “Agreement Disputes”), the senior tax officers 
of the relevant Parties (or such other individuals designated thereby) 
shall negotiate for a maximum of 21 days (or a mutually-agreed extension) 
(such period of days, the “Negotiation Period”) from the time of receipt by 
a Party of written notice of such Agreement Dispute. The relevant Parties 
shall not assert the defenses of statute of limitations and laches for any 
delays arising due to the procedures in Sections 12.1 or 12.2.

Section 12.2 Mediation. If the Parties have not timely resolved the 
Agreement Dispute under Section 12.1, the Parties agree to submit the 
Agreement Dispute to mediation no later than 10 days following the end of 
the Negotiation Period, with such mediation to be
 
33

------------------------------------------------------------------------
conducted in accordance with the Mediation Procedure of the International 
Institute for Conflict Prevention and Resolution (“CPR”). The Parties to 
the Agreement Dispute agree to bear equally the CPR and mediator’s costs 
for same. The Parties agree to participate in good faith in the mediation 
for a maximum of 14 days (or a mutually agreed extension). If the Parties 
have not timely resolved the Agreement Dispute pursuant to this Section 
12.2, either Party may then bring an action in accordance with Sections 
13.15 and 13.16 herein.

Section 12.3 Confidentiality. All information and communications between 
the Parties relating to an Agreement Dispute and/or under the procedures in 
Sections 12.1 and 12.2 shall be considered “Confidential Information” for 
which the provisions of Section 8.6 of the Distribution Agreement shall 
apply herein, mutatis mutandis.

Section 12.4 Continuity of Performance. Unless otherwise agreed in writing, 
the Parties shall continue to perform under this Agreement during the 
course of dispute resolution under this Article XII with respect to all 
matters not subject thereto.


ARTICLE XIII

MISCELLANEOUS

Section 13.1 Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in more than one 
counterpart, all of which shall be considered one and the same agreement, 
and shall become effective when one or more such counterparts have been 
signed by each of the Parties and delivered to the other Parties.

Section 13.2 Survival. Except as otherwise contemplated by this Agreement 
or the Distribution Agreement, all covenants and agreements of the Parties 
contained in this Agreement shall survive the Distribution Date and remain 
in full force and effect in accordance with their applicable terms; 
provided, however, that all indemnification for Taxes shall survive until 
ninety (90) days following the expiration of the applicable statute of 
limitations (taking into account all extensions thereof), if any, of the 
Tax that gave rise to the indemnification; provided, further, that, in the 
event that notice for indemnification has been given within the applicable 
survival period, such indemnification shall survive until such time as such 
claim is finally resolved.

Section 13.3 Notices. All notices, requests, claims, demands, and other 
communications under this Agreement shall be in English, shall be in 
writing and shall be given or made (and shall be deemed to have been duly 
given or made upon receipt) by delivery in person, by overnight courier 
service, by facsimile with receipt confirmed (followed by delivery of an 
original via overnight courier service), or by registered or certified mail 
(postage prepaid, return receipt requested) to the respective Parties at 
the following addresses (or at such other address for a Party as shall be 
specified in a notice given in accordance with this Section 13.3):

To HLT:

Hilton Worldwide Holdings Inc.
7930 Jones Branch Drive, Suite 1100
McLean, Virginia 22102
Attn: General Counsel
Facsimile: (703) 883-6188
 
34

------------------------------------------------------------------------
To PK:

Park Hotels & Resorts Inc.
1600 Tysons Boulevard, Suite 1000
McLean, Virginia 22102
Attn: General Counsel
Facsimile: (703) 893-1057

To HGV:

Hilton Grand Vacations Inc.
6355 MetroWest Boulevard, Suite 180
Orlando, Florida 32835
Attn: General Counsel
Facsimile: (407) 722-3776

Section 13.4 Waivers. Any consent required or permitted to be given by any 
Party to the other Parties under this Agreement shall be in writing and 
signed by the Party giving such consent and shall be effective only against 
such Party (and its Group).

Section 13.5 Assignment. This Agreement may not be assigned without the 
express prior written consent of the other Parties, and any attempted 
assignment, without such consents, will be null and void; provided, 
however, that this Agreement shall be assignable in whole in connection 
with a merger or consolidation or the sale of all or substantially all the 
assets of a Party hereto so long as the resulting, surviving or transferee 
entity assumes all the obligations of the relevant Party hereto by 
operation of law or pursuant to an agreement in form and substance 
reasonably satisfactory to the other Parties to this Agreement.

Section 13.6 Successors and Assigns. The provisions of this Agreement and 
the obligations and rights hereunder shall be binding upon, inure to the 
benefit of and be enforceable by (and against) the Parties and their 
respective successors and permitted transferees and assigns.

Section 13.7 Termination and Amendment. This Agreement (including 
indemnification obligations hereunder) may be terminated, modified or 
amended and each Distribution may be amended, modified or abandoned at any 
time prior to the Effective Time by and in the sole discretion of HLT 
without the approval of PK or HGV or the stockholders of HLT. In the event 
of such termination, no Party shall have any liability of any kind to any 
other Party or any other Person. After the Effective Time, this Agreement 
may not be terminated except by an agreement in writing signed by a duly 
authorized representative of each of HLT, PK, and HGV.

Section 13.8 No Circumvention. The Parties agree not to directly or 
indirectly take any actions, act in concert with any Person who takes an 
action, or cause or allow any member of any such Party’s Group to take any 
actions (including the failure to take a reasonable action) such that the 
resulting effect is to materially undermine the effectiveness of any of the 
provisions of this Agreement, the Distribution Agreement or any other 
Ancillary Agreement.
 
35

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Section 13.9 Subsidiaries. Each of the Parties shall cause to be performed, 
and hereby guarantees the performance of, all actions, agreements and 
obligations set forth herein to be performed by any Subsidiary of such 
Party or by any entity that becomes a Subsidiary of such Party on and after 
the Effective Time, to the extent such Subsidiary remains a Subsidiary of 
the applicable Party.

Section 13.10 Third Party Beneficiaries. Except as provided in Section 5.4 
relating to each of the Blackstone Entities, this Agreement is solely for 
the benefit of the Parties and should not be deemed to confer upon third 
parties any remedy, claim, liability, reimbursement, claim of action or 
other right in excess of those existing without reference to this 
Agreement.

Section 13.11 Title and Headings. Titles and headings to sections herein 
are inserted for the convenience of reference only and are not intended to 
be a part of or to affect the meaning or interpretation of this Agreement.

Section 13.12 Schedules. The Schedules shall be construed with and as an 
integral part of this Agreement to the same extent as if the same had been 
set forth verbatim herein.

Section 13.13 Specific Performance. In the event of any actual or 
threatened default in, or breach of, any of the terms, conditions and 
provisions of this Agreement, the Party who is or is to be thereby 
aggrieved shall have the right to specific performance and injunctive or 
other equitable relief of its rights under this Agreement, in addition to 
any and all other rights and remedies at law or in equity, and all such 
rights and remedies shall be cumulative. The Parties agree that the 
remedies at law for any breach or threatened breach, including monetary 
damages, may be inadequate compensation for any loss and that the Parties 
may be irreparably harmed as a result. Accordingly, any defense in any 
action for specific performance that a remedy at law would be adequate is 
waived. Any requirements for the securing or posting of any bond with such 
remedy are waived by the Parties to this Agreement.

Section 13.14 Governing Law. This Agreement shall be governed by and 
construed in accordance with the Laws of the State of Delaware without 
reference to any choice-of-law or conflicts of law principles that would 
result in the application of the laws of a different jurisdiction.

Section 13.15 Consent to Jurisdiction. Each Party irrevocably submits to 
the exclusive jurisdiction of (a) the Court of Chancery of the State of 
Delaware or (b) if such court does not have subject matter jurisdiction, 
any other state or federal court located within the County of New Castle in 
the State of Delaware, to resolve any Agreement Dispute that is not 
resolved pursuant to Sections 12.1 or 12.2. Any judgment of such court may 
be enforced by any court of competent jurisdiction. Further, 
notwithstanding Sections 12.1 and 12.2, either Party may apply to the above 
courts set forth in Section 13.15(a) and 13.15(b) above for a temporary 
restraining order or similar emergency relief during the process set forth 
in Sections 12.1 and
 
36

------------------------------------------------------------------------
12.2. Each of the Parties agrees that service by U.S. registered mail to 
such Party’s respective address set forth above shall be effective service 
of process for any of the above Actions and irrevocably and unconditionally 
waives any objection to the laying of venue of any Action in accordance 
with this Section 13.15. Nothing in this Section 13.15 shall limit or 
restrict the Parties from agreeing to arbitrate any Agreement Dispute 
pursuant to mutually-agreed procedures.

Section 13.16 Waiver of Jury Trial. EACH OF THE PARTIES HEREBY WAIVES TO 
THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO A 
TRIAL BY JURY WITH RESPECT TO ANY ACTION ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION 
WITH THIS AGREEMENT, INCLUDING ANY AGREEMENT DISPUTE.

Section 13.17 Force Majeure. No Party (or any Person acting on its behalf) 
shall have any liability or responsibility for failure to fulfill any 
obligation (other than a payment obligation) under this Agreement so long 
as and to the extent to which the fulfillment of such obligation is 
prevented, frustrated, hindered, or delayed as a consequence of 
circumstances of Force Majeure (as defined in the Distribution Agreement). 
A Party claiming the benefit of this provision shall, as soon as reasonably 
practicable after the occurrence of any such event: (a) notify the other 
applicable Parties of the nature and extent of any such Force Majeure 
condition and (b) use due diligence to remove any such causes and resume 
performance under this Agreement as soon as feasible.

Section 13.18 Interpretation. The Parties have participated jointly in the 
negotiation and drafting of this Agreement. This Agreement shall be 
construed without regard to any presumption or rule requiring construction 
or interpretation against the party drafting or causing any instrument to 
be drafted.

Section 13.19 Changes in Law.

(a) Any reference to a provision of the Code, Treasury Regulations, or a 
Law of another jurisdiction shall include a reference to any applicable 
successor provision or Law.

(b) If, due to any change in applicable Law or regulations or their 
interpretation by any court of Law or other governing body having 
jurisdiction subsequent to the date hereof, performance of any provision of 
this Agreement or any transaction contemplated hereby shall become 
impracticable or impossible, the Parties hereto shall use their 
commercially reasonable best efforts to find and employ an alternative 
means to achieve the same or substantially the same result as that 
contemplated by such provision.

Section 13.20 Severability. In the event any one or more of the provisions 
contained in this Agreement should be held invalid, illegal or 
unenforceable in any respect, the validity, legality and enforceability of 
the remaining provisions contained herein and therein shall not in any way 
be affected or impaired thereby. The Parties shall endeavor in good-faith 
negotiations to replace the invalid, illegal or unenforceable provisions 
with valid provisions, the economic effect of which comes as close as 
possible to that of the invalid, illegal or unenforceable provisions.
 
37

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Section 13.21 Tax Sharing Agreements. All Tax sharing, indemnification and 
similar agreements, written or unwritten, as between any of the Parties or 
their respective Subsidiaries, on the one hand, and any other Party or its 
respective Subsidiaries, on the other hand (other than this Agreement, any 
other Ancillary Agreement or any agreement solely between any of HLT, OpCo 
and/or any of their Subsidiaries), shall be or shall have been terminated 
as of the Distribution Date and, after the Distribution Date, none of such 
Parties (or their Subsidiaries) to any such Tax sharing, indemnification or 
similar agreement shall have any further rights or obligations under any 
such agreement.

Section 13.22 Exclusivity. Except as specifically set forth herein or in 
the Distribution Agreement or any other Ancillary Agreement, all matters 
related to Taxes or Tax Returns of the Parties and their respective 
Subsidiaries shall be governed exclusively by this Agreement. In the event 
of a conflict between this Agreement, the Distribution Agreement or any 
Ancillary Agreement with respect to such matters, this Agreement shall 
govern and control.

Section 13.23 No Waiver. No failure to exercise and no delay in exercising, 
on the part of any Party, any right, remedy, power or privilege hereunder 
shall operate as a waiver hereof or thereof; nor shall any single or 
partial exercise of any right, remedy, power or privilege hereunder 
preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other 
right, remedy, power or privilege. No waiver shall be effective unless it 
is in writing and is signed by the Party asserted to have granted such 
waiver.

Section 13.24 No Duplication; No Double Recovery. Nothing in this Agreement 
is intended to confer to or impose upon any Party a duplicative right, 
entitlement, obligation, or recovery with respect to any matter arising out 
of the same facts and circumstances.
 
38

------------------------------------------------------------------------
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be 
executed the day and year first above written.
 
HILTON WORLDWIDE HOLDINGS INC.
 
 
Name:
Title:
PARK HOTELS & RESORTS INC.
 
 
Name:
Title:
HILTON GRAND VACATIONS INC.
 
 
Name:
Title:
HILTON DOMESTIC OPERATING COMPANY INC.
 
 
Name:
Title:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Schedule 2.3
 
1. 	HLT is the Paying Party of amounts shown on Non-Income Tax Returns with 
respect to HLT Retained Assets (determined on a “with and without” basis, 
as determined by HLT in its good faith discretion).
 
2. 	PK is the Paying Party of amounts shown on Non-Income Tax Returns with 
respect to Ownership Assets (determined on a “with and without” basis, as 
determined by HLT in its good faith discretion).
 
3. 	HGV is the Paying Party of amounts shown on Non-Income Tax Returns with 
respect to Timeshare Assets (determined on a “with and without” basis, as 
determined by HLT in its good faith discretion).

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Schedule 8.3(b)
 
  	• 	  	The IRS has asserted that certain foreign currency denominated 
intercompany loans, from HLT’s foreign subsidiaries to certain U.S. 
subsidiaries, should be recharacterized as equity for U.S. federal income 
tax purposes and should constitute deemed dividends from such foreign 
subsidiaries to the U.S. subsidiaries as described in Note 12 of HLT’s 
financial statements included in its Form 10Q filing for the quarterly 
period ending September 30, 2016.
 
  	• 	  	In calculating the amount of U.S. taxable income resulting from 
the Hilton HHonors guest loyalty program, the IRS has taken a position that 
Hilton HHonors Worldwide, L.L.C. should not reduce gross income by the 
estimated costs of future redemptions, but rather such costs would be 
deductible only at the time the points are redeemed as described in Note 12 
of HLT’s financial statements included in its Form 10Q filing for the 
quarterly period ending September 30, 2016.
 
  	• 	  	The IRS has asserted that foreign currency denominated loans 
entered into by one of HLT’s Luxembourg subsidiaries whose functional 
currency is the U.S. Dollar, should instead be treated as entered into by 
one of HLT’s Belgian subsidiaries whose functional currency is the Euro, 
and thus foreign currency gains and losses with respect to such loans 
should have been measured in Euros, instead of the U.S. Dollar as described 
in Note 12 of HLT’s financial statements included in its Form 10Q filing 
for the quarterly period ending September 30, 2016.
 
  	• 	  	In the fourth quarter of 2015, certain of HLT’s U.S. subsidiary 
corporations were converted to limited liability companies and certain of 
HLT’s subsidiary controlled foreign corporations elected to be disregarded 
for U.S. federal income tax purposes. These transactions were treated as 
tax-free liquidations for federal tax purposes.