 EX-10.6 5 ex106-supplementalguarante.htm EXHIBIT 10.6


Exhibit 10.6
EXECUTION VERSION




SUPPLEMENTAL GUARANTEE dated as of April 5, 2016, made by INGERSOLL-RAND 
IRISH HOLDINGS UNLIMITED COMPANY (the “Supplemental Guarantor”), in favor 
of JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A. as Administrative Agent for the Banks from 
time to time parties to the Credit Agreement referred to below.


W I T N E S S E T H:


WHEREAS this Supplemental Guarantee (the “Supplemental Guarantee”) relates 
to the $1,000,000,000 Credit Agreement (as amended, supplemented, restated 
or otherwise modified from time to time, the “Credit Agreement”) dated as 
of March 20, 2014, among Ingersoll-Rand Global Holding Company Limited, 
Ingersoll-Rand plc and the other Guarantors from time to time party 
thereto, the Banks from time to time party thereto and JPMorgan Chase Bank, 
N.A., as Administrative Agent; and


WHEREAS in accordance with the definition of “Guarantors” under the Credit 
Agreement and Section 9.16(j) of the Credit Agreement, the Supplemental 
Guarantor desires to become a Guarantor under the Credit Agreement with the 
same force and effect as if the Supplemental Guarantor had executed the 
Credit Agreement as a Guarantor on the Effective Date;


NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing and the mutual agreements 
contained herein, the parties hereto agree as follows:


SECTION 1. Definitions. All capitalized terms not otherwise defined herein 
shall have the respective meanings set forth in the Credit Agreement.


SECTION 2. Guarantor. By its signature hereto, as provided in Section 
9.16(j) of the Credit Agreement, the Supplemental Guarantor hereby becomes 
party to the Credit Agreement as a Guarantor.


SECTION 3. Agreements and Acknowledgement.  The Supplemental Guarantor 
hereby acknowledges that it has received a complete copy of the Credit 
Agreement and all modifications, supplements and amendments thereto 
(including, without limitation, the Additional Borrower Agreement, dated as 
of October 16, 2014 and the Supplemental Guarantee dated as of December 18, 
2015) and agrees that it shall be bound by all provisions of the Credit 
Agreement applicable to Guarantors, including, without limitation, the 
Guarantee Agreement set forth in Section 9.16 thereof, with the same force 
and effect as if the Supplemental Guarantor had executed the Credit 
Agreement as a Guarantor on the Effective Date.


 SECTION 4. Representations and Warranties. The Supplemental Guarantor
 represents and warrants that:


 (a) the Supplemental Guarantor is a company duly organized, validly
 existing and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its
 organization, and has all corporate powers and all material governmental
 licenses, authorizations, consents and approvals required to carry on its
 business as now conducted.


 (b) The execution, delivery and performance by the Supplemental Guarantor
 of the Loan Documents to which it is a party are within the Supplemental
 Guarantor’s corporate powers, have been duly authorized by all necessary
 corporate action, require no action by or in respect of, or filing with,
 any governmental body, agency or official and do not contravene, or
 constitute a default under, any provision of applicable law or regulation
 or of the organizational documents of the Supplemental Guarantor or of any
 judgment, injunction, order or decree binding upon the Supplemental
 Guarantor or of any limitation on borrowing imposed by any agreement or
 other instrument binding upon the Supplemental Guarantor.


------------------------------------------------------------------------




 (c) This Supplemental Guarantee constitutes a valid and binding agreement
 of the Supplemental Guarantor, enforceable in accordance with its terms
 subject to the effects of bankruptcy, insolvency, fraudulent conveyance,
 reorganization, moratorium and other similar laws relating to or affecting
 creditors’ rights generally, general equitable principles (whether
 considered in a proceeding in equity or at law) and an implied covenant of
 good faith and fair dealing.


 SECTION 5. Governing Law. This Supplemental Guarantee shall be governed by
 and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York.


 SECTION 6. Counterparts. This Supplemental Guarantee may be signed in any
 number of counterparts with the same effect as if the signatures thereto
 and hereto were upon the same instrument. Delivery of an executed
 signature page of this Supplemental Guarantee by facsimile or other
 electronic transmission shall be effective as delivery of a manually
 executed counterpart hereof.


 [remainder of page intentionally left blank]

























------------------------------------------------------------------------


 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Supplemental Guarantor has caused this
 Supplemental Guarantee to be executed and delivered as of the date first
 written above.



                                           INGERSOLL-RAND IRISH HOLDINGS
                                           UNLIMITED COMPANY
                                           as Supplemental Guarantor



                                             By: Christopher Donohoe
                                                Name: Christopher Donohoe
                                                Title: Chairman of the
                                                Board






