 EX-10.1 2 exh10_1.htm SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT DATED EFFECTIVE 
DECEMBER 28, 2016
Exhibit 10.1
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT

BY AND AMONG

DYNATRONICS CORPORATION

AND

EACH PURCHASER IDENTIFIED ON THE SIGNATURE PAGES HERETO


December 28, 2016

------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
TABLE OF CONTENTS

ARTICLE I.   DEFINITIONS 
 
  	
 
1.1  
Definitions
1
  	  	 
ARTICLE II.  PURCHASE AND SALE  	
7
2.1
Closing
7
2.2
Deliveries
7
2.3
Closing Conditions
8
  	  	 
ARTICLE III.  REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 
 
 
9
3.1
Representations and Warranties of the Company
9
(a)
Subsidiaries
9
(b)
Organization and Qualification
10
(c)
Authorization; Enforcement
10
(d)
No Conflicts
10
(e)
Filings, Consents and Approvals
11
(f)
Issuance of the Securities
11
(g)
Capitalization
11
(h)
SEC Reports; Financial Statements
12
(i)
Material Changes; Undisclosed Events, Liabilities or Developments
12
(j)
Litigation
13
(k)
Labor Relations
13
(l)
Compliance
14
(m)
Regulatory Permits
14
(n)
Title to Assets
14
(o)
Intellectual Property
14
(p)
Insurance
15
(q)
Transactions With Affiliates and Employees
15
(r)
Sarbanes-Oxley; Internal Accounting Controls
15
(s)
Certain Fees
16
(t)
Private Placement
16
(u)
Investment Company
16
(v)
Registration Rights
16
 

------------------------------------------------------------------------

(w)
Listing and Maintenance Requirements
16
(x)
Application of Takeover Protections
17
(y)
Disclosure
17
(z)
Solvency
17
(aa)
Tax Status
18
(bb)
No General Solicitation
18
(cc)
Foreign Corrupt Practices
18
(dd)
Accountants
19
(ee)
Seniority
19
(ff)
No Disagreements with Accountants and Lawyers
19
(gg)
Acknowledgment Regarding Purchasers' Purchase of Securities
19
(hh)
Acknowledgment Regarding Purchaser's Trading Activity
19
(ii)
Regulation M Compliance
20
(jj)
FDA
20
(kk)
Form S-3 Eligibility
21
(ll)
Stock Option Plans
21
(mm)
Office of Foreign Assets Control
21
(nn)
U.S. Real Property Holding Corporation
21
(oo)
Bank Holding Company Act
21
(pp)
Money Laundering
21
(qq)
No Disqualification Events
21
(rr)
Other Covered Persons
22
(ss)
Notice of Disqualification Events
22
3.2
Representations and Warranties of the Purchasers
22
(a)
Organization; Authority
22
(b)
Own Account
22
(c)
Purchaser Status
23
(d)
Experience of Purchaser
23
(e)
General Solicitation
23
(f)
Access to Information
23
(g)
Risk Factors
23
(h)
Certain Transactions and Confidentiality
23
  	  	 
ARTICLE IV.   OTHER AGREEMENTS OF THE PARTIES 
 
 
 
4.1
Transfer Restrictions
24
4.2
Acknowledgment of Dilution
26
 

------------------------------------------------------------------------

4.3
Furnishing of Information; Public Information
26
4.4
Integration
27
4.5
Conversion and Exercise Procedures
27
4.6
Securities Laws Disclosure; Publicity
28
4.7
Shareholder Rights Plan
28
4.8
Non-Public Information
28
4.9
Use of Proceeds
28
4.1
Indemnification of Purchasers
29
4.11
Reservation and Listing of Securities
30
4.12
Director Rights
30
4.13
Subsequent Equity Sales
30
4.14
Equal Treatment of Purchasers
31
4.15
Registration Rights
31
1.16
Certain Transactions and Confidentiality
31
4.16
Form D; Blue Sky Filings
32
  	  	 
ARTICLE V.  MISCELLANEOUS 
 
 
 
5.1
Termination
32
5.2
Fees and Expenses
32
5.3
Entire Agreement
32
5.4
Notices
32
5.5
Amendments; Waivers
33
5.6
Headings
33
5.7
Successors and Assigns
33
5.8
No Third-Party Beneficiaries
33
5.9
Governing Law
33
5.1
Survival
34
5.11
Execution
34
5.12
Severability
34
5.13
Rescission and Withdrawal Right
34
5.14
Replacement of Securities
35
5.15
Remedies
35
5.16
Payment Set Aside
35
5.17
Usury
35
5.18
Independent Nature of Purchasers' Obligations and Rights
36
5.19
Liquidated Damages
36
5.2
Saturdays, Sundays, Holidays, etc.
36
5.21
Construction
36
5.22
Waiver of Jury Trial
37


------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT

This Securities Purchase Agreement (this "Agreement") is dated as of 
December 28, 2016, between Dynatronics Corporation, a Utah corporation (the 
"Company"), and each purchaser identified on the signature pages hereto 
(each, including its successors and assigns, a "Purchaser" and 
collectively, the "Purchasers").

WHEREAS, in June 2015, the Company issued and sold to those investors 
listed on the attached Exhibit A (the "Initial Holders"), those securities 
of the Company in the amounts indicated opposite the Initial Holders' 
respective names on said Exhibit, pursuant to the terms and conditions set 
forth in that certain Securities Purchase Agreement dated as of May 1, 2015 
(the "2015 Purchase Agreement").

WHEREAS, subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement 
and pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended 
(the "Securities Act"), and Rule 506 promulgated thereunder, the Company 
desires to issue and sell to each Purchaser (who shall also be an Initial 
Holder, as defined above), and each Purchaser, severally and not jointly, 
desires to purchase from the Company, securities of the Company as more 
fully described in this Agreement, except as otherwise permitted by this 
Agreement, to be allocated pro rata among the Purchasers based on their 
ownership of the securities purchased pursuant to the 2015 Purchase 
Agreement as indicated on Exhibit A.

NOW, THEREFORE, IN CONSIDERATION of the mutual covenants contained in this 
Agreement, and for other good and valuable consideration the receipt and 
adequacy of which are hereby acknowledged, the Company and each Purchaser 
agree as follows:

ARTICLE I. 
DEFINITIONS
 
1.1 Definitions.  In addition to the terms defined elsewhere in this 
Agreement: (a) capitalized terms that are not otherwise defined herein have 
the meanings given to such terms in the Designation of Rights (as defined 
herein), and (b) the following terms have the meanings set forth in this 
Section 1.1:

"Acquiring Person" shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 
4.7.

"Action" shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(j).

"Affiliate" means any Person that, directly or indirectly through one or 
more intermediaries, controls or is controlled by or is under common 
control with a Person, as such terms are used in and construed under Rule 
405 under the Securities Act.

"A-Warrant" means the A-Warrants issued by the Company pursuant to this 
Agreement in the form of Exhibit B hereto, which A-Warrant shall be 
exercisable for cash only.

"Board of Directors" means the board of directors of the Company.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

"Business Day" means any day except any Saturday, any Sunday, any day which 
is a federal legal holiday in the United States or any day on which banking 
institutions in the State of New York are authorized or required by law or 
other governmental action to close.

"B-Warrant" means the B-Warrants issued by the Company pursuant to this 
Agreement in the form of Exhibit C hereto, which B-Warrants may be 
exercised by means of alternative forms of "cashless exercise," in the sole 
discretion of the B Warrant holders, as provided therein.

"Closing" means the closing of the purchase and sale of the Securities 
pursuant to Section 2.1.

"Commission" means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission.

"Common Stock" means the common stock of the Company, no par value per 
share, and any other class of securities into which such securities may 
hereafter be reclassified or changed.

"Common Stock Equivalents" means any securities of the Company or the 
Subsidiaries which would entitle the holder thereof to acquire at any time 
Common Stock, including, without limitation, any debt, preferred stock, 
right, option, warrant or other instrument that is at any time convertible 
into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or otherwise entitles the holder 
thereof to receive, Common Stock.

"Company Counsel" means Durham Jones & Pinegar, P.C., with offices located 
at 111 East Broadway, Suite 900, P.O. Box 4050, Salt Lake City, Utah 84111.

"Company Accounting Firm" means Tanner LLC, with offices located at 36 
State St #600, Salt Lake City, UT 84111.

"Conversion Price" shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in the 
Designation of Rights.

"Conversion Shares" shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in the 
Designation of Rights.

"Designation of Rights" means the Articles of Amendment to the Articles of 
Incorporation of the Company Designating the Preferences, Rights, and 
Limitations of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock of the Company, as 
amended, previously filed by the Company with the Division of Corporations 
of the State of Utah, in the form of Exhibit D attached hereto.

"Director Rights" shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 
4.12.

"Disclosure Schedules" shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in 
Section 3.1.

"Effective Date" means the earliest of the date that (a) the initial 
Registration Statement has been declared effective by the Commission, (b) 
all of the Underlying Shares have been sold pursuant to Rule 144 or may be 
sold pursuant to Rule 144 without the requirement for the Company to be in 
compliance with the current public information required under Rule 144 and 
without volume or manner-of-sale restrictions or (c) following the one-year 
anniversary of the Closing Date provided that a holder of Underlying Shares 
is not an Affiliate of the Company, all of the Underlying Shares may be 
sold pursuant to an exemption from registration under Section 4(1) of the 
Securities Act without volume or manner-of-sale restrictions and Company 
counsel has delivered to such holders a standing written unqualified 
opinion that resales may then be made by such holders of the Underlying 
Shares pursuant to such exemption which opinion shall be in form and 
substance reasonably acceptable to such holders.

2

------------------------------------------------------------------------

"Evaluation Date" shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 
3.1(r).

"Exchange Act" means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and 
the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

"Exempt Issuance" means the issuance of (a) shares of Common Stock or 
options to employees, officers or directors of the Company pursuant to any 
stock or option plan duly adopted for such purpose, by a majority of the 
non-employee members of the Board of Directors or a majority of the members 
of a committee of non-employee directors established for such purpose, (b) 
securities upon the exercise or exchange of or conversion of any Securities 
issued hereunder and/or other securities exercisable or exchangeable for or 
convertible into shares of Common Stock issued and outstanding on the date 
of this Agreement, provided that such securities have not been amended 
since the date of this Agreement to increase the number of such securities 
or to decrease the exercise price, exchange price or conversion price of 
such securities, and (c) securities issued pursuant to acquisitions or 
strategic transactions approved by a majority of the disinterested 
directors of the Company, provided that any such issuance shall only be to 
a Person (or to the equity holders of a Person) which is, itself or through 
its subsidiaries, an operating company or an owner of an asset in a 
business synergistic with the business of the Company and shall provide to 
the Company additional benefits in addition to the investment of funds, but 
shall not include a transaction in which the Company is issuing securities 
primarily for the purpose of raising capital or to an entity whose primary 
business is investing in securities.

"FCPA" means the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended.

"FDA" shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(jj).

"FDCA" shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(jj).

"GAAP" shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(h).

"Indebtedness" shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 
3.1(z).

"Intellectual Property Rights" shall have the meaning ascribed to such term 
in Section 3.1(o).

"Legend Removal Date" shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in 
Section 4.1(c).

3

------------------------------------------------------------------------

"Liens" means a lien, charge, pledge, security interest, encumbrance, right 
of first refusal, preemptive right or other restriction.

"Material Adverse Effect" shall have the meaning assigned to such term in 
Section 3.1(b).

"Material Permits" shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 
3.1(m).

"Maximum Rate" shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 5.17
.

"Person" means an individual or corporation, partnership, trust, 
incorporated or unincorporated association, joint venture, limited 
liability company, joint stock company, government (or an agency or 
subdivision thereof) or other entity of any kind.

"Preferred Stock" means up to two million (2,000,000) shares of the 
Company's Series A 8% Convertible Preferred Stock having the rights, 
preferences and privileges set forth in the Designation of Rights.

"Proceeding" means an action, claim, suit, investigation or proceeding 
(including, without limitation, an informal investigation or partial 
proceeding, such as a deposition), whether commenced or threatened.

"Public Information Failure" shall have the meaning ascribed to such term 
in Section 4.3(b).

"Public Information Failure Payments" shall have the meaning ascribed to 
such term in Section 4.3(b).

"Purchaser Party" shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 
4.10.

"Registration Rights Agreement" means that certain Registration Rights 
Agreement, dated as of June 30, 2015, among the Company and the Initial 
Holders, a copy of which is attached hereto as Exhibit E.

"Registration Statement" means that certain registration statement filed by 
the Company on Form S-3 (SEC File No. 333-205934), effective August 13, 
2015, pursuant to the Registration Rights Agreement, including the 
amendment required to be filed pursuant to Section 4.15 of this Agreement 
covering the resale of the Underlying Shares by each Purchaser.

"Required Approvals" shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in 
Section 3.1(e).

"Required Minimum" means, as of any date, the maximum aggregate number of 
shares of Common Stock then issued or potentially issuable in the future 
pursuant to the Transaction Documents, including any Underlying Shares 
issuable upon exercise in full of all Warrants or conversion in full of all 
shares of Preferred Stock, ignoring any conversion or exercise limits set 
forth therein, and assuming that any previously unconverted shares of 
Preferred Stock are held until the third anniversary of the Closing Date 
and all dividends are paid in shares of Common Stock until such third 
anniversary.

4

------------------------------------------------------------------------

"Rule 144" means Rule 144 promulgated by the Commission pursuant to the 
Securities Act, as such Rule may be amended or interpreted from time to 
time, or any similar rule or regulation hereafter adopted by the Commission 
having substantially the same purpose and effect as such Rule.

"Rule 424" means Rule 424 promulgated by the Commission pursuant to the 
Securities Act, as such Rule may be amended or interpreted from time to 
time, or any similar rule or regulation hereafter adopted by the Commission 
having substantially the same purpose and effect as such Rule.

"SEC Reports" shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 
3.1(h).

"Securities" means the Preferred Stock, the Warrants, the Warrant Shares 
and the Underlying Shares.

"Securities Act" means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the 
rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

"Short Sales" means all "short sales" as defined in Rule 200 of Regulation 
SHO under the Exchange Act (but shall not be deemed to include the location 
and/or reservation of borrowable shares of Common Stock).

"Stated Value" means $2.50 per share of Preferred Stock.

"Subscription Amount" shall mean, as to each Purchaser, the aggregate 
amount to be paid for the Preferred Stock purchased hereunder as specified 
below such Purchaser's name on the signature page of this Agreement and 
next to the heading "Subscription Amount," in United States dollars and in 
immediately available funds.

"Subsidiary" means any subsidiary of the Company as set forth on Schedule 
3.1(a) and shall, where applicable, also include any direct or indirect 
subsidiary of the Company formed or acquired after the date hereof.

"Termination Date" means that date which is eight (8) months from the date 
of execution of this Agreement.

"Trading Day" means a day on which the principal Trading Market is open for 
trading.

"Trading Market" means any of the following markets or exchanges on which 
the Common Stock is listed or quoted for trading on the date in question: 
the NYSE MKT, the Nasdaq Capital Market, the Nasdaq Global Market, the 
Nasdaq Global Select Market, the New York Stock Exchange or the OTC 
Bulletin Board (or any successors to any of the foregoing).

5

------------------------------------------------------------------------

"Transaction Documents" means this Agreement, the Warrants, all exhibits 
and schedules thereto and hereto and any other documents or agreements 
executed in connection with the transactions contemplated hereunder.

"Transfer Agent" means Interwest Transfer Company, the current transfer 
agent of the Company, with a mailing address of 1981 East Murray Holladay 
Road, Salt Lake City, Utah 84117 and a phone number of 801-272-9294, and 
any successor transfer agent of the Company.

"Underlying Shares" means the shares of Common Stock issued and issuable 
upon conversion of the Preferred Stock and upon exercise of the Warrants 
and issued and issuable in lieu of the cash payment of dividends on the 
Preferred Stock in accordance with the terms of the Designation of Rights.

"Variable Rate Transaction" shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in 
Section 4.13(b).

"VWAP" means, for any date, the price determined by the first of the 
following clauses that applies: (a) if the Common Stock is then listed or 
quoted on a Trading Market, the daily volume weighted average price of the 
Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date) on the Trading 
Market on which the Common Stock is then listed or quoted as reported by 
Bloomberg L.P. (based on a Trading Day from 9:30 a.m. (New York City time) 
to 4:02 p.m. (New York City time)), (b)  if the OTC Bulletin Board is not a 
Trading Market, the volume weighted average price of the Common Stock for 
such date (or the nearest preceding date) on the OTC Bulletin Board, (c) if 
the Common Stock is not then listed or quoted for trading on the OTC 
Bulletin Board and if prices for the Common Stock are then reported in the 
"Pink Sheets" published by Pink OTC Markets, Inc. (or a similar 
organization or agency succeeding to its functions of reporting prices), 
the most recent bid price per share of the Common Stock so reported, or (d) 
in all other cases, the fair market value of a share of Common Stock as 
determined by an independent appraiser selected in good faith by the 
Purchasers of a majority in interest of the Securities then outstanding and 
reasonably acceptable to the Company, the fees and expenses of which shall 
be paid by the Company.

"Warrants" means, collectively, the A-Warrants and the B-Warrants delivered 
to the Purchasers at the Closing in accordance with Section 2.2(a) hereof.

"Warrant Shares" means the shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of 
the Warrants.

6

------------------------------------------------------------------------

ARTICLE II.
PURCHASE AND SALE


2.1 Closing.

(a) The Closing shall take place at the offices of Company Counsel, at 
10:00 a.m. on December 28, 2016, or at such other date, time and place as 
the Company may designate by notice to the undersigned Purchasers (the "
Closing Date").  On the Closing Date, upon the terms and subject to the 
conditions set forth herein, the Company agrees to sell, and the 
Purchasers, severally and not jointly, agree to purchase an aggregate of 
Nine Hundred Seventy-Five Thousand Dollars ($975,000) of shares of 
Preferred Stock with an aggregate Stated Value for each Purchaser equal to 
such Purchaser's Subscription Amount as set forth on the signature page 
hereto executed by such Purchaser, and Warrants as determined pursuant to 
Section 2.2(a).  The aggregate number of shares of Preferred Stock sold 
hereunder shall be up to Three Hundred and Ninety Thousand (390,000).

(b) The shares of Preferred Stock to be sold hereunder shall be allocated 
among the Purchasers pro rata according to their purchases under the 2015 
Purchase Agreement as set forth on Exhibit A hereto; provided, however, 
that if an Initial Holder listed on Exhibit A does not participate in this 
Offering, or if an Initial Holder elects to purchase less than its pro rata 
allocation of the shares of Preferred Stock in this Offering, then those 
shares otherwise allocable to that Initial Holder may be sold to other 
Initial Holders or to a limited number of other accredited investors.

(c) Each Purchaser shall deliver to the Company, via wire transfer or a 
certified check, immediately available funds equal to its Subscription 
Amount, and at Closing, the Company shall deliver to each Purchaser its 
respective shares of Preferred Stock and Warrants as determined pursuant to 
Section 2.2(a), and the Company and each Purchaser shall deliver the other 
items set forth in Section 2.2 deliverable at the Closing.

(d) Upon satisfaction of the covenants and conditions set forth in Section 
2.3, the Closing shall occur at the offices of Company Counsel or such 
other location as the parties shall mutually agree.

(e) In the event that the Closing does not occur prior to the Termination 
Date, then the Company will refund all Subscription Amounts to the 
Purchasers who submitted such funds, without interest, penalty or 
deduction.

2.2 Deliveries.

(a) On or prior to the Closing Date, the Company shall deliver or cause to 
be delivered to each Purchaser the following:

           (i)

this Agreement duly executed by the Company;

           (ii)

a certificate evidencing a number of shares of Preferred Stock equal to 
such Purchaser's Subscription Amount divided by the Stated Value, 
registered in the name of such Purchaser (such stock certificate may be 
delivered within three (3) Trading Days of the Closing Date);

7

------------------------------------------------------------------------

           (iii)

an A-Warrant registered in the name of such Purchaser to purchase up to a 
number of shares of Common Stock equal to 75% of such Purchaser's aggregate 
Subscription Amount divided by the initial Conversion Price, with an 
exercise price equal to $2.75, subject to adjustment therein (such Warrant 
certificate may be delivered within three (3) Trading Days of the Closing 
Date); and

           (iv)

a B-Warrant registered in the name of such Purchaser to purchase up to a 
number of shares of Common Stock equal to 75% of such Purchaser's aggregate 
Subscription Amount divided by the initial Conversion Price, with an 
exercise price equal to $2.75, subject to adjustment therein (such Warrant 
certificate may be delivered within three (3) Trading Days of the Closing 
Date).

(b) On or prior to the Closing Date, each Purchaser shall deliver or cause 
to be delivered to the Company, the following:

           (i)

this Agreement duly executed by such Purchaser; and

           (v)

such Purchaser's Subscription Amount by wire transfer to the bank account 
specified by the Company by notice to the Purchasers prior to the Closing.

2.3 Closing Conditions.

(a) The obligations of the Company hereunder in connection with the Closing 
are subject to the following conditions being met. Any such conditions may 
be waived by the Company in its sole discretion:

           (ii)

the accuracy in all material respects on the Closing Date of the 
representations and warranties of the Purchasers contained herein (unless 
as of a specific date therein in which case they shall be accurate as of 
such date);

           (iii)

all obligations, covenants and agreements of each Purchaser required to be 
performed at or prior to the Closing Date shall have been performed;

           (ii)

the delivery by each Purchaser of the items set forth in Section 2.2(b) of 
this Agreement; and

           (iv)

as to each Purchaser, the deposit with the Company of the full subscription 
amount for such Purchaser's Securities to be purchased hereunder.

(b) The respective obligations of the Purchasers hereunder in connection 
with the Closing are subject to the following conditions being met. Any 
such conditions may be waived by a Purchaser in its sole discretion:

8

------------------------------------------------------------------------

           (i)

the accuracy in all material respects when made and on the Closing Date of 
the representations and warranties of the Company contained herein (unless 
as of a specific date therein);

           (v)

all obligations, covenants and agreements of the Company required to be 
performed at or prior to the Closing Date shall have been performed;

           (vi)

the delivery by the Company of the items set forth in Section 2.2(a) of 
this Agreement;

           (ii)

an additional listing application covering the Securities shall have been 
filed with and reviewed by The Nasdaq Stock Market (or any successor 
entity) as provided in Section 4.11(c) of this Agreement;

           (vii)

there shall have been no Material Adverse Effect with respect to the 
Company since the date hereof;

           (viii)

from the date hereof to the Closing Date, trading in the Common Stock shall 
not have been suspended by the Commission or the Company's principal 
Trading Market and, at any time prior to the Closing Date, trading in 
securities generally as reported by Bloomberg L.P. shall not have been 
suspended or limited, or minimum prices shall not have been established on 
securities whose trades are reported by such service, or on any Trading 
Market, nor shall a banking moratorium have been declared either by the 
United States or New York State authorities nor shall there have occurred 
any material outbreak or escalation of hostilities or other national or 
international calamity of such magnitude in its effect on, or any material 
adverse change in, any financial market which, in each case, in the 
reasonable judgment of such Purchaser, makes it impracticable or 
inadvisable to purchase the Securities at the Closing.

ARTICLE III.

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

3.1 Representations and Warranties of the Company.  Except as set forth in 
the Disclosure Schedules, which Disclosure Schedules shall be deemed a part 
hereof and shall qualify any representation or otherwise made herein to the 
extent of the disclosure contained in the corresponding section of the 
Disclosure Schedules, the Company hereby makes the following 
representations and warranties to each Purchaser:

(a) Subsidiaries.  All of the direct and indirect subsidiaries of the 
Company are set forth on Schedule 3.1(a).  The Company owns, directly or 
indirectly, all of the capital stock or other equity interests of each 
Subsidiary free and clear of any Liens, and all of the issued and 
outstanding shares of capital stock of each Subsidiary are validly issued 
and are fully paid, non-assessable and free of preemptive and similar 
rights to subscribe for or purchase securities.  If the Company has no 
subsidiaries, all other references to the Subsidiaries or any of them in 
the Transaction Documents shall be disregarded.

9

------------------------------------------------------------------------

(b) Organization and Qualification.  The Company and each of the 
Subsidiaries is an entity duly incorporated or otherwise organized, validly 
existing and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its 
incorporation or organization, with the requisite power and authority to 
own and use its properties and assets and to carry on its business as 
currently conducted.  Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary is in 
violation or default of any of the provisions of its respective certificate 
or articles of incorporation, bylaws or other organizational or charter 
documents.  Each of the Company and the Subsidiaries is duly qualified to 
conduct business and is in good standing as a foreign corporation or other 
entity in each jurisdiction in which the nature of the business conducted 
or property owned by it makes such qualification necessary, except where 
the failure to be so qualified or in good standing, as the case may be, 
could not have or reasonably be expected to result in: (i) a material 
adverse effect on the legality, validity or enforceability of any 
Transaction Document, (ii) a material adverse effect on the results of 
operations, assets, business, prospects or condition (financial or 
otherwise) of the Company and the Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, or (iii) 
a material adverse effect on the Company's ability to perform in any 
material respect on a timely basis its obligations under any Transaction 
Document (any of (i), (ii) or (iii), a "Material Adverse Effect") and no 
Proceeding has been instituted in any such jurisdiction revoking, limiting 
or curtailing or seeking to revoke, limit or curtail such power and 
authority or qualification.

(c) Authorization; Enforcement.  The Company has the requisite corporate 
power and authority to enter into and to consummate the transactions 
contemplated by this Agreement and each of the other Transaction Documents 
and otherwise to carry out its obligations hereunder and thereunder.  The 
execution and delivery of this Agreement and each of the other Transaction 
Documents by the Company and the consummation by it of the transactions 
contemplated hereby and thereby have been duly authorized by all necessary 
action on the part of the Company and no further action is required by the 
Company, the Board of Directors or the Company's shareholders in connection 
herewith or therewith.  This Agreement and each other Transaction Document 
to which it is a party has been (or upon delivery will have been) duly 
executed by the Company and, when delivered in accordance with the terms 
hereof and thereof, will constitute the valid and binding obligation of the 
Company enforceable against the Company in accordance with its terms, 
except: (i) as limited by general equitable principles and applicable 
bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium and other laws of 
general application affecting enforcement of creditors' rights generally, 
(ii) as limited by laws relating to the availability of specific 
performance, injunctive relief or other equitable remedies and (iii) 
insofar as indemnification and contribution provisions may be limited by 
applicable law.

(d) No Conflicts.  The execution, delivery and performance by the Company 
of this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents to which it is a 
party, the issuance and sale of the Securities and the consummation by it 
of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby do not and will not: 
(i) conflict with or violate any provision of the Company's or any 
Subsidiary's certificate or articles of incorporation, bylaws or other 
organizational or charter documents, (ii) conflict with, or constitute a 
default (or an event that with notice or lapse of time or both would become 
a default) under, result in the creation of any Lien upon any of the 
properties or assets of the Company or any Subsidiary, or give to others 
any rights of termination, amendment, acceleration or cancellation (with or 
without notice, lapse of time or both) of, any agreement, credit facility, 
debt or other instrument (evidencing a Company or Subsidiary debt or 
otherwise) or other understanding to which the Company or any Subsidiary is 
a party or by which any property or asset of the Company or any Subsidiary 
is bound or affected, or (iii) subject to the Required Approvals, conflict 
with or result in a violation of any law, rule, regulation, order, 
judgment, injunction, decree or other restriction of any court or 
governmental authority to which the Company or a Subsidiary is subject 
(including federal and state securities laws and regulations), or by which 
any property or asset of the Company or a Subsidiary is bound or affected; 
except in the case of each of clauses (ii) and (iii), such as could not 
have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.

10

------------------------------------------------------------------------

(e) Filings, Consents and Approvals.  The Company is not required to obtain 
any consent, waiver, authorization or order of, give any notice to, or make 
any filing or registration with, any court or other federal, state, local 
or other governmental authority or other Person in connection with the 
execution, delivery and performance by the Company of the Transaction 
Documents, other than: (i) the filings required pursuant to Section 4.6 of 
this Agreement, (ii) the filing of the amendment to the Registration 
Statement with the Commission pursuant to Section 4.15 of this Agreement, 
(iii) the notice and/or application(s) to each applicable Trading Market 
for the issuance and sale of the Securities and the listing of the 
Underlying Shares for trading thereon in the time and manner required 
thereby, (iv) the filing of Form D with the Commission and such filings as 
are required to be made under applicable state securities laws, and (v) any 
consents set forth on Schedule 3.1(e) (which have been obtained prior to 
the date hereof) (collectively, the "Required Approvals").

(f) Issuance of the Securities.  The Securities are duly authorized and, 
when issued and paid for in accordance with the applicable Transaction 
Documents, will be duly and validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable, 
free and clear of all Liens imposed by the Company other than restrictions 
on transfer provided for in the Transaction Documents.  The Underlying 
Shares, when issued in accordance with the terms of the Transaction 
Documents, will be validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable, free and 
clear of all Liens imposed by the Company other than restrictions on 
transfer provided for in the Transaction Documents.  The Company has 
reserved from its duly authorized capital stock a number of shares of 
Common Stock for issuance of the Underlying Shares at least equal to the 
Required Minimum on the date hereof.

(g) Capitalization.  The capitalization of the Company is as set forth on 
Schedule 3.1(g), which Schedule 3.1(g) shall also include the number of 
shares of Common Stock owned beneficially and of record by Affiliates of 
the Company as of the date hereof, and shall include a "pro-forma" 
capitalization giving effect to the transactions contemplated hereby. The 
Company has not issued any capital stock since its most recently filed SEC 
Reports (as defined below), other than pursuant to the exercise of employee 
stock options under the Company's stock option plans, the issuance of 
shares of Common Stock to employees pursuant to the Company's employee 
stock purchase plans and pursuant to the conversion and/or exercise of 
Common Stock Equivalents outstanding as of the date of the most recently 
filed SEC Reports.  No Person has any right of first refusal, preemptive 
right, right of participation, or any similar right to participate in the 
transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents.  Other than as 
disclosed on Schedule 3.1(g) or in the SEC Reports of the Company, except 
as a result of the purchase and sale of the Securities, there are no 
outstanding options, warrants, scrip rights to subscribe to, calls or 
commitments of any character whatsoever relating to, or securities, rights 
or obligations convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or 
giving any Person any right to subscribe for or acquire any shares of 
Common Stock, or contracts, commitments, understandings or arrangements by 
which the Company or any Subsidiary is or may become bound to issue 
additional shares of Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents.  The 
issuance and sale of the Securities will not obligate the Company to issue 
shares of Common Stock or other securities to any Person (other than the 
Purchasers) and will not result in a right of any holder of Company 
securities to adjust the exercise, conversion, exchange or reset price 
under any of such securities. All of the outstanding shares of capital 
stock of the Company are duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and 
nonassessable, have been issued in compliance with all federal and state 
securities laws, and none of such outstanding shares was issued in 
violation of any preemptive rights or similar rights to subscribe for or 
purchase securities.  No further approval or authorization of any 
shareholder, the Board of Directors or others is required for the issuance 
and sale of the Securities.  There are no stockholders agreements, voting 
agreements or other similar agreements with respect to the Company's 
capital stock to which the Company is a party or, to the knowledge of the 
Company, between or among any of the Company's shareholders.

11

------------------------------------------------------------------------

(h) SEC Reports; Financial Statements.  The Company has filed all reports, 
schedules, forms, statements and other documents required to be filed by 
the Company under the Securities Act and the Exchange Act, including 
pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) thereof, for the two years preceding the 
date hereof (or such shorter period as the Company was required by law or 
regulation to file such material) (the foregoing materials, including the 
exhibits thereto and documents incorporated by reference therein, being 
collectively referred to herein as the "SEC Reports") on a timely basis or 
has received a valid extension of such time of filing and has filed any 
such SEC Reports prior to the expiration of any such extension.  As of 
their respective dates, the SEC Reports complied in all material respects 
with the requirements of the Securities Act and the Exchange Act, as 
applicable, and none of the SEC Reports, when filed, contained any untrue 
statement of a material fact or omitted to state a material fact required 
to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, 
in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not 
misleading.  The Company has never been an issuer subject to Rule 144(i) 
under the Securities Act. The financial statements of the Company included 
in the SEC Reports comply in all material respects with applicable 
accounting requirements and the rules and regulations of the Commission 
with respect thereto as in effect at the time of filing.  Such financial 
statements have been prepared in accordance with United States generally 
accepted accounting principles applied on a consistent basis during the 
periods involved ("GAAP"), except as may be otherwise specified in such 
financial statements or the notes thereto and except that unaudited 
financial statements may not contain all footnotes required by GAAP, and 
fairly present in all material respects the financial position of the 
Company and its consolidated Subsidiaries as of and for the dates thereof 
and the results of operations and cash flows for the periods then ended, 
subject, in the case of unaudited statements, to normal, immaterial, 
year-end audit adjustments.

(i) Material Changes; Undisclosed Events, Liabilities or Developments. 
Since the date of the latest audited financial statements included within 
the SEC Reports, except as specifically disclosed in a subsequent SEC 
Report filed prior to the date hereof. Except as disclosed in Schedule 
3.1(i), (i) there has been no event, occurrence or development that has had 
or that could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse 
Effect, (ii) the Company has not incurred any liabilities (contingent or 
otherwise) other than (A) trade payables and accrued expenses incurred in 
the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice and (B) 
liabilities not required to be reflected in the Company's financial 
statements pursuant to GAAP or disclosed in filings made with the 
Commission, (iii) the Company has not altered its method of accounting, 
(iv) the Company has not declared or made any dividend or distribution of 
cash or other property to its shareholders or purchased, redeemed or made 
any agreements to purchase or redeem any shares of its capital stock and 
(v) the Company has not issued any equity securities to any officer, 
director or Affiliate, except pursuant to existing Company stock option 
plans.  The Company does not have pending before the Commission any request 
for confidential treatment of information.  Except for the issuance of the 
Securities contemplated by this Agreement or as set forth on Schedule 
3.1(i), no event, liability, fact, circumstance, occurrence or development 
has occurred or exists or is reasonably expected to occur or exist with 
respect to the Company or its Subsidiaries or their respective businesses, 
properties, operations, assets or financial condition, that would be 
required to be disclosed by the Company under applicable securities laws at 
the time this representation is made or deemed made that has not been 
publicly disclosed at least one (1) Trading Day prior to the date that this 
representation is made.

12

------------------------------------------------------------------------

(j) Litigation.  Except as disclosed in Schedule 3.1(j), there is no 
action, suit, inquiry, notice of violation, proceeding or investigation 
pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened against or 
affecting the Company, any Subsidiary or any of their respective properties 
before or by any court, arbitrator, governmental or administrative agency 
or regulatory authority (federal, state, county, local or foreign) 
(collectively, an "Action") which (i) adversely affects or challenges the 
legality, validity or enforceability of any of the Transaction Documents or 
the Securities or (ii) could, if there were an unfavorable decision, have 
or reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.  Neither 
the Company nor any Subsidiary, nor any director or officer thereof, is or 
has been the subject of any Action involving a claim of violation of or 
liability under federal or state securities laws or a claim of breach of 
fiduciary duty.  There has not been, and to the knowledge of the Company, 
there is not pending or contemplated, any investigation by the Commission 
involving the Company or any current or former director or officer of the 
Company.  The Commission has not issued any stop order or other order 
suspending the effectiveness of any registration statement filed by the 
Company or any Subsidiary under the Exchange Act or the Securities Act.

(k) Labor Relations.  No labor dispute exists or, to the knowledge of the 
Company, is imminent with respect to any of the employees of the Company, 
which could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.  
None of the Company's or its Subsidiaries' employees is a member of a union 
that relates to such employee's relationship with the Company or such 
Subsidiary, and neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is a party 
to a collective bargaining agreement, and the Company and its Subsidiaries 
believe that their relationships with their employees are good.  To the 
knowledge of the Company, no executive officer of the Company or any 
Subsidiary, is, or is now expected to be, in violation of any material term 
of any employment contract, confidentiality, disclosure or proprietary 
information agreement or non-competition agreement, or any other contract 
or agreement or any restrictive covenant in favor of any third party, and 
the continued employment of each such executive officer does not subject 
the Company or any of its Subsidiaries to any liability with respect to any 
of the foregoing matters.  The Company and its Subsidiaries are in 
compliance with all U.S. federal, state, local and foreign laws and 
regulations relating to employment and employment practices, terms and 
conditions of employment and wages and hours, except where the failure to 
be in compliance could not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be 
expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

13

------------------------------------------------------------------------

(l) Compliance.  Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary: (i) is in default 
under or in violation of (and no event has occurred that has not been 
waived that, with notice or lapse of time or both, would result in a 
default by the Company or any Subsidiary under), nor has the Company or any 
Subsidiary received notice of a claim that it is in default under or that 
it is in violation of, any indenture, loan or credit agreement or any other 
agreement or instrument to which it is a party or by which it or any of its 
properties is bound (whether or not such default or violation has been 
waived), (ii) is in violation of any judgment, decree or order of any 
court, arbitrator or other governmental authority or (iii) is or has been 
in violation of any statute, rule, ordinance or regulation of any 
governmental authority, including without limitation all foreign, federal, 
state and local laws relating to taxes, environmental protection, 
occupational health and safety, product quality and safety and employment 
and labor matters, except in each case as could not have or reasonably be 
expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.

(m) Regulatory Permits.  The Company and the Subsidiaries possess all 
certificates, authorizations and permits issued by the appropriate federal, 
state, local or foreign regulatory authorities necessary to conduct their 
respective businesses as described in the SEC Reports, except where the 
failure to possess such permits could not reasonably be expected to result 
in a Material Adverse Effect ("Material Permits"), and neither the Company 
nor any Subsidiary has received any notice of proceedings relating to the 
revocation or modification of any Material Permit.

(n) Title to Assets.  The Company and the Subsidiaries have good and 
marketable title in fee simple to all real property owned by them and good 
and marketable title in all personal property owned by them that is 
material to the business of the Company and the Subsidiaries, in each case 
free and clear of all Liens, except for (i) Liens as do not materially 
affect the value of such property and do not materially interfere with the 
use made and proposed to be made of such property by the Company and the 
Subsidiaries and (ii) Liens for the payment of federal, state or other 
taxes, for which appropriate reserves have been made therefor in accordance 
with GAAP and, the payment of which is neither delinquent nor subject to 
penalties.  Any real property and facilities held under lease by the 
Company and the Subsidiaries are held by them under valid, subsisting and 
enforceable leases with which the Company and the Subsidiaries are in 
compliance.

(o) Intellectual Property.  The Company and the Subsidiaries have, or have 
rights to use, all patents, patent applications, trademarks, trademark 
applications, service marks, trade names, trade secrets, inventions, 
copyrights, licenses and other intellectual property rights and similar 
rights as described in the SEC Reports as necessary or required for use in 
connection with their respective businesses and which the failure to so 
have could have a Material Adverse Effect (collectively, the "Intellectual 
Property Rights").  None of, and neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has 
received a notice (written or otherwise) that any of, the Intellectual 
Property Rights has expired, terminated or been abandoned, or is expected 
to expire or terminate or be abandoned, within two (2) years from the date 
of this Agreement.  Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has received, 
since the date of the latest audited financial statements included within 
the SEC Reports, a written notice of a claim or otherwise has any knowledge 
that the Intellectual Property Rights violate or infringe upon the rights 
of any Person, except as could not have or reasonably be expected to not 
have a Material Adverse Effect.  To the knowledge of the Company, all such 
Intellectual Property Rights are enforceable and there is no existing 
infringement by another Person of any of the Intellectual Property Rights.  
The Company and its Subsidiaries have taken reasonable security measures to 
protect the secrecy, confidentiality and value of all of their intellectual 
properties, except where failure to do so could not, individually or in the 
aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

14

------------------------------------------------------------------------

(p) Insurance.  The Company and the Subsidiaries are insured, or will be 
insured by the Closing Date, by insurers of recognized financial 
responsibility against such losses and risks and in such amounts as are 
prudent and customary in the businesses in which the Company and the 
Subsidiaries are engaged, including, but not limited to, directors and 
officers insurance coverage in amounts up to Three Million Dollars 
($3,000,000) in the aggregate with respect to any single event or series of 
related events.  Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has any reason to 
believe that it will not be able to renew its existing insurance coverage 
as and when such coverage expires or to obtain similar coverage from 
similar insurers as may be necessary to continue its business without a 
significant increase in cost.

(q) Transactions With Affiliates and Employees.  Except as set forth in the 
SEC Reports, none of the officers or directors of the Company or any 
Subsidiary and, to the knowledge of the Company, none of the employees of 
the Company or any Subsidiary is presently a party to any transaction with 
the Company or any Subsidiary (other than for services as employees, 
officers and directors), including any contract, agreement or other 
arrangement providing for the furnishing of services to or by, providing 
for rental of real or personal property to or from, providing for the 
borrowing of money from or lending of money to or otherwise requiring 
payments to or from any officer, director or such employee or, to the 
knowledge of the Company, any entity in which any officer, director, or any 
such employee has a substantial interest or is an officer, director, 
trustee, stockholder, member or partner, in each case in excess of $120,000 
other than for: (i) payment of salary or consulting fees for services 
rendered, (ii) reimbursement for expenses incurred on behalf of the Company 
and (iii) other employee benefits, including stock option agreements under 
any stock option plan of the Company.

(r) Sarbanes-Oxley; Internal Accounting Controls.  Except as disclosed in 
Schedule 3.1(r), the Company and the Subsidiaries are in compliance with 
any and all applicable requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 that 
are effective as of the date hereof, and any and all applicable rules and 
regulations promulgated by the Commission thereunder that are effective as 
of the date hereof and as of the Closing Date.  The Company and the 
Subsidiaries maintain a system of internal accounting controls sufficient 
to provide reasonable assurance that: (i) transactions are executed in 
accordance with management's general or specific authorizations, (ii) 
transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial 
statements in conformity with GAAP and to maintain asset accountability, 
(iii) access to assets is permitted only in accordance with management's 
general or specific authorization, and (iv) the recorded accountability for 
assets is compared with the existing assets at reasonable intervals and 
appropriate action is taken with respect to any differences. The Company 
and the Subsidiaries have established disclosure controls and procedures 
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the Company 
and the Subsidiaries and designed such disclosure controls and procedures 
to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Company in the 
reports it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, 
summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the 
Commission's rules and forms.  The Company's certifying officers have 
evaluated the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures of 
the Company and the Subsidiaries as of the end of the period covered by the 
most recently filed SEC Report under the Exchange Act (such date, the "
Evaluation Date").  The Company presented in its most recently filed SEC 
Report under the Exchange Act the conclusions of the certifying officers 
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures based on 
their evaluations as of the Evaluation Date.  Since the Evaluation Date, 
there have been no changes in the internal control over financial reporting 
(as such term is defined in the Exchange Act) of the Company and its 
Subsidiaries that have materially affected, or is reasonably likely to 
materially affect, the internal control over financial reporting of the 
Company and its Subsidiaries.

15

------------------------------------------------------------------------

(s) Certain Fees.  Except as disclosed in Schedule 3.1(s), no brokerage or 
finder's fees or commissions are or will be payable by the Company or any 
Subsidiary to any broker, financial advisor or consultant, finder, 
placement agent, investment banker, bank or other Person with respect to 
the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents.  The Purchasers 
shall have no obligation with respect to any fees or with respect to any 
claims made by or on behalf of other Persons for fees of a type 
contemplated in this Section that may be due in connection with the 
transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents.

(t) Private Placement. Assuming the accuracy of the Purchasers' 
representations and warranties set forth in Section 3.2, no registration 
under the Securities Act is required for the offer and sale of the 
Securities by the Company to the Purchasers as contemplated hereby. The 
issuance and sale of the Securities hereunder does not contravene the rules 
and regulations of the Trading Market.

(u) Investment Company. The Company is not, and is not an Affiliate of, and 
immediately after receipt of payment for the Securities, will not be or be 
an Affiliate of, an "investment company" within the meaning of the 
Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended.  The Company shall conduct its 
business in a manner so that it will not become an "investment company" 
subject to registration under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as 
amended.

(v) Registration Rights.  Other than each of the Purchasers (and the 
Initial Holders and other parties to the Registration Rights Agreement, 
including those, if any, who may not be Purchasers under this Agreement), 
no Person has any right to cause the Company to effect the registration 
under the Securities Act of any securities of the Company or any 
Subsidiary.

(w) Listing and Maintenance Requirements.  The Common Stock is registered 
pursuant to Section 12(b) or 12(g) of the Exchange Act, and the Company has 
taken no action designed to, or which to its knowledge is likely to have 
the effect of, terminating the registration of the Common Stock under the 
Exchange Act nor has the Company received any notification that the 
Commission is contemplating terminating such registration.  The Company has 
not, in the twelve (12) months preceding the date hereof, received notice 
from any Trading Market on which the Common Stock is or has been listed or 
quoted to the effect that the Company is not in compliance with the listing 
or maintenance requirements of such Trading Market. The Company is, and has 
no reason to believe that it will not in the foreseeable future continue to 
be, in compliance with all such listing and maintenance requirements. The 
Common Stock is currently eligible for electronic transfer through the 
Depository Trust Company or another established clearing corporation and 
the Company is current in payment of the fees to the Depository Trust 
Company (or such other established clearing corporation) in connection with 
such electronic transfer.

16

------------------------------------------------------------------------

(x) Application of Takeover Protections.  The Company and the Board of 
Directors have taken all necessary action, if any, in order to render 
inapplicable any control share acquisition, business combination, poison 
pill (including any distribution under a rights agreement) or other similar 
antitakeover provision under the Company's certificate of incorporation 
(or similar charter documents) or the laws of its state of incorporation 
that is or could become applicable to the Purchasers as a result of the 
Purchasers and the Company fulfilling their obligations or exercising their 
rights under the Transaction Documents, including without limitation as a 
result of the Company's issuance of the Securities and the Purchasers' 
ownership of the Securities.

(y) Disclosure.  Except with respect to the material terms and conditions 
of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents, the Company 
confirms that neither it nor any other Person acting on its behalf has 
provided any of the Purchasers or their agents or counsel with any 
information that it believes constitutes or might constitute material, 
non-public information. The Company understands and confirms that the 
Purchasers will rely on the foregoing representation in effecting 
transactions in securities of the Company.  All of the disclosure furnished 
by or on behalf of the Company to the Purchasers regarding the Company and 
its Subsidiaries, their respective businesses and the transactions 
contemplated hereby, including the Disclosure Schedules to this Agreement, 
is true and correct and does not contain any untrue statement of a material 
fact or omit to state any material fact necessary in order to make the 
statements made therein, in light of the circumstances under which they 
were made, not misleading.  The press releases disseminated by the Company 
during the twelve (12) months preceding the date of this Agreement taken as 
a whole do not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to 
state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order 
to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which 
they were made and when made, not misleading.  The Company acknowledges and 
agrees that no Purchaser makes or has made any representations or 
warranties with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby other than 
those specifically set forth in Section 3.2 hereof.

(z) Solvency.  Based on the consolidated financial condition of the Company 
as of the Closing Date, after giving effect to the receipt by the Company 
of the proceeds from the sale of the Securities hereunder: (i) the fair 
saleable value of the Company's assets exceeds the amount that will be 
required to be paid on or in respect of the Company's existing debts and 
other liabilities (including known contingent liabilities) as they mature, 
(ii) the Company's assets do not constitute unreasonably small capital to 
carry on its business as now conducted and as proposed to be conducted 
including its capital needs taking into account the particular capital 
requirements of the business conducted by the Company, consolidated and 
projected capital requirements and capital availability thereof, and (iii) 
the current cash flow of the Company, together with the proceeds the 
Company would receive, were it to liquidate all of its assets, after taking 
into account all anticipated uses of the cash, would be sufficient to pay 
all amounts on or in respect of its liabilities when such amounts are 
required to be paid.  The Company does not intend to incur debts beyond its 
ability to pay such debts as they mature (taking into account the timing 
and amounts of cash to be payable on or in respect of its debt).  The 
Company has no knowledge of any facts or circumstances which lead it to 
believe that it will file for reorganization or liquidation under the 
bankruptcy or reorganization laws of any jurisdiction within one year from 
the Closing Date.  Schedule 3.1(z) sets forth as of the date hereof all 
outstanding secured and unsecured Indebtedness of the Company or any 
Subsidiary, or for which the Company or any Subsidiary has commitments.  
For the purposes of this Agreement, "Indebtedness" means (x) any 
liabilities for borrowed money or amounts owed in excess of $50,000 (other 
than trade accounts payable incurred in the ordinary course of business), 
(y) all guaranties, endorsements and other contingent obligations in 
respect of indebtedness of others, whether or not the same are or should be 
reflected in the Company's consolidated balance sheet (or the notes 
thereto), except guaranties by endorsement of negotiable instruments for 
deposit or collection or similar transactions in the ordinary course of 
business; and (z) the present value of any lease payments in excess of 
$50,000 due under leases required to be capitalized in accordance with 
GAAP.  Except as may be disclosed in Schedule 3.1(z), neither the Company 
nor any Subsidiary is in default with respect to any Indebtedness.

17

------------------------------------------------------------------------

(aa) Tax Status.  Except for matters that would not, individually or in the 
aggregate, have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse 
Effect, the Company and its Subsidiaries each (i) has made or filed all 
United States federal, state and local income and all foreign income and 
franchise tax returns, reports and declarations required by any 
jurisdiction to which it is subject, (ii) has paid all taxes and other 
governmental assessments and charges that are material in amount, shown or 
determined to be due on such returns, reports and declarations and (iii) 
has set aside on its books provision reasonably adequate for the payment of 
all material taxes for periods subsequent to the periods to which such 
returns, reports or declarations apply.  There are no unpaid taxes in any 
material amount claimed to be due by the taxing authority of any 
jurisdiction, and the officers of the Company or of any Subsidiary know of 
no basis for any such claim.

(bb) No General Solicitation.  Neither the Company nor any person acting on 
behalf of the Company has offered or sold any of the Securities by any form 
of general solicitation or general advertising.  The Company has offered 
the Securities for sale only to the Purchasers and certain other 
"accredited investors" within the meaning of Rule 501 under the Securities 
Act.

(cc) Foreign Corrupt Practices.  Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary, 
nor to the knowledge of the Company or any Subsidiary, any agent or other 
person acting on behalf of the Company or any Subsidiary, has: (i) directly 
or indirectly, used any funds for unlawful contributions, gifts, 
entertainment or other unlawful expenses related to foreign or domestic 
political activity, (ii) made any unlawful payment to foreign or domestic 
government officials or employees or to any foreign or domestic political 
parties or campaigns from corporate funds, (iii) failed to disclose fully 
any contribution made by the Company or any Subsidiary (or made by any 
person acting on its behalf of which the Company is aware) which is  in 
violation of law or (iv) violated in any material respect any provision of 
FCPA.

(dd) Accountants.  To the knowledge and belief of the Company, the Company 
Accounting Firm: (i) is a registered public accounting firm as required by 
the Exchange Act and (ii) shall express its opinion with respect to the 
financial statements to be included in the Company's Annual Report for the 
fiscal year ending June 30, 2017.

18

------------------------------------------------------------------------

(ee) Seniority.  Except as disclosed in Schedule 3.1(ee), as of the Closing 
Date, no Indebtedness or other claim against the Company is senior to the 
Preferred Stock in right of payment, whether with respect to interest or 
upon liquidation or dissolution, or otherwise, other than indebtedness 
secured by purchase money security interests (which is senior only as to 
underlying assets covered thereby) and capital lease obligations (which is 
senior only as to the property covered thereby).

(ff) No Disagreements with Accountants and Lawyers.  There are no 
disagreements of any kind presently existing, or reasonably anticipated by 
the Company to arise, between the Company and the accountants and lawyers 
formerly or presently employed by the Company and the Company is current 
with respect to any fees owed to its accountants and lawyers which could 
affect the Company's ability to perform any of its obligations under any of 
the Transaction Documents.

(gg) Acknowledgment Regarding Purchasers' Purchase of Securities.  The 
Company acknowledges and agrees that each of the Purchasers is acting 
solely in the capacity of an arm's length purchaser with respect to the 
Transaction Documents and the transactions contemplated thereby.  The 
Company further acknowledges that no Purchaser is acting as a financial 
advisor or fiduciary of the Company (or in any similar capacity) with 
respect to the Transaction Documents and the transactions contemplated 
thereby and any advice given by any Purchaser or any of their respective 
representatives or agents in connection with the Transaction Documents and 
the transactions contemplated thereby is merely incidental to the 
Purchasers' purchase of the Securities.  The Company further represents to 
each Purchaser that the Company's decision to enter into this Agreement and 
the other Transaction Documents has been based solely on the independent 
evaluation of the transactions contemplated hereby by the Company and its 
representatives.

(hh) Acknowledgment Regarding Purchaser's Trading Activity.  Anything in 
this Agreement or elsewhere herein to the contrary notwithstanding (except 
for Sections 3.2(g) and 4.14 hereof), it is understood and acknowledged by 
the Company that: (i) none of the Purchasers has been asked by the Company 
to agree, nor has any Purchaser agreed, to desist from purchasing or 
selling, long and/or short, securities of the Company, or "derivative" 
securities based on securities issued by the Company or to hold the 
Securities for any specified term, (ii) past or future open market or other 
transactions by any Purchaser, specifically including, without limitation, 
Short Sales or "derivative" transactions, before or after the closing of 
this or future private placement transactions, may negatively impact the 
market price of the Company's publicly-traded securities, (iii) any 
Purchaser, and counter-parties in "derivative" transactions to which any 
such Purchaser is a party, directly or indirectly, may presently have a 
"short" position in the Common Stock and (iv) each Purchaser shall not be 
deemed to have any affiliation with or control over any arm's length 
counter-party in any "derivative" transaction.  The Company further 
understands and acknowledges that (y) one or more Purchasers may engage in 
hedging activities at various times during the period that the Securities 
are outstanding, including, without limitation, during the periods that the 
value of the Underlying Shares deliverable with respect to Securities are 
being determined, and (z) such hedging activities (if any) could reduce the 
value of the existing shareholders' equity interests in the Company at and 
after the time that the hedging activities are being conducted.  The 
Company acknowledges that such aforementioned hedging activities do not 
constitute a breach of any of the Transaction Documents.

19

------------------------------------------------------------------------

(ii) Regulation M Compliance.  The Company has not, and to its knowledge no 
one acting on its behalf has, (i) taken, directly or indirectly, any action 
designed to cause or to result in the stabilization or manipulation of the 
price of any security of the Company to facilitate the sale or resale of 
any of the Securities, (ii) sold, bid for, purchased, or paid any 
compensation for soliciting purchases of, any of the Securities, or (iii) 
paid or agreed to pay to any Person any compensation for soliciting another 
to purchase any other securities of the Company.

(jj) FDA.  As to each product subject to the jurisdiction of the U.S. Food 
and Drug Administration ("FDA") under the Federal Food, Drug and Cosmetic 
Act, as amended, and the regulations thereunder ("FDCA") that is 
manufactured, packaged, labeled, tested, distributed, sold, and/or marketed 
by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, such product is being 
manufactured, packaged, labeled, tested, distributed, sold and/or marketed 
by the Company in compliance with all applicable requirements under FDCA 
and similar laws, rules and regulations relating to registration, 
investigational use, premarket clearance, licensure, or application 
approval, good manufacturing practices, good laboratory practices, good 
clinical practices, product listing, quotas, labeling, advertising, record 
keeping and filing of reports, except where the failure to be in compliance 
would not have a Material Adverse Effect.  There is no pending, completed 
or, to the Company's knowledge, threatened, action (including any lawsuit, 
arbitration, or legal or administrative or regulatory proceeding, charge, 
complaint, or investigation) against the Company or any of its 
Subsidiaries, and none of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries has 
received any notice, warning letter or other communication from the FDA or 
any other governmental entity, which (i) contests the premarket clearance, 
licensure, registration, or approval of, the uses of, the distribution of, 
the manufacturing or packaging of, the testing of, the sale of, or the 
labeling and promotion of any such product, (ii) withdraws its approval of, 
requests the recall, suspension, or seizure of, or withdraws or orders the 
withdrawal of advertising or sales promotional materials relating to, any 
such product, (iii) imposes a clinical hold on any clinical investigation 
by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, (iv) enjoins production at any 
facility of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, (v) enters or proposes 
to enter into a consent decree of permanent injunction with the Company or 
any of its Subsidiaries, or (vi) otherwise alleges any violation of any 
laws, rules or regulations by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, and 
which, either individually or in the aggregate, would have a Material 
Adverse Effect.  The properties, business and operations of the Company 
have been and are being conducted in all material respects in accordance 
with all applicable laws, rules and regulations of the FDA.  The Company 
has not been informed by the FDA that the FDA will prohibit the marketing, 
sale, license or use in the United States of any product proposed to be 
developed, produced or marketed by the Company nor has the FDA expressed 
any concern as to approving or clearing for marketing any product being 
developed or proposed to be developed by the Company.

(kk) Form S-3 Eligibility.  Subject to the provisions of the Registration 
Rights Agreement, the Company is eligible to register the resale of the 
Underlying Shares for resale by the Purchasers on Form S-3 promulgated 
under the Securities Act.

20

------------------------------------------------------------------------

(ll) Stock Option Plans.  Each stock option granted by the Company under 
the Company's stock option plan was granted (i) in accordance with the 
terms of the Company's stock option plan and (ii) with an exercise price at 
least equal to the fair market value of the Common Stock on the date such 
stock option would be considered granted under GAAP and applicable law. No 
stock option granted under the Company's stock option plan has been 
backdated.  The Company has not knowingly granted, and there is no and has 
been no Company policy or practice to knowingly grant, stock options prior 
to, or otherwise knowingly coordinate the grant of stock options with, the 
release or other public announcement of material information regarding the 
Company or its Subsidiaries or their financial results or prospects.

(mm) Office of Foreign Assets Control.  Neither the Company nor any 
Subsidiary nor, to the Company's knowledge, any director, officer, agent, 
employee or affiliate of the Company or any Subsidiary is currently subject 
to any U.S. sanctions administered by the Office of Foreign Assets Control 
of the U.S. Treasury Department ("OFAC").

(nn) U.S. Real Property Holding Corporation.  The Company is not and has 
never been a U.S. real property holding corporation within the meaning of 
Section 897 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and the 
Company shall so certify upon Purchaser's request.

(oo) Bank Holding Company Act.  Neither the Company nor any of its 
Subsidiaries or Affiliates is subject to the Bank Holding Company Act of 
1956, as amended (the "BHCA") and to regulation by the Board of Governors 
of the Federal Reserve System (the "Federal Reserve").  Neither the Company 
nor any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates owns or controls, directly or 
indirectly, five percent (5%) or more of the outstanding shares of any 
class of voting securities or twenty-five percent or more of the total 
equity of a bank or any entity that is subject to the BHCA and to 
regulation by the Federal Reserve.  Neither the Company nor any of its 
Subsidiaries or Affiliates exercises a controlling influence over the 
management or policies of a bank or any entity that is subject to the BHCA 
and to regulation by the Federal Reserve.

(pp) Money Laundering.  The operations of the Company and its Subsidiaries 
are and have been conducted at all times in compliance with applicable 
financial record-keeping and reporting requirements of the Currency and 
Foreign Transactions Reporting Act of 1970, as amended, applicable money 
laundering statutes and applicable rules and regulations thereunder 
(collectively, the "Money Laundering Laws"), and no action, suit or 
proceeding by or before any court or governmental agency, authority or body 
or any arbitrator involving the Company and any Subsidiary with respect to 
the Money Laundering Laws is pending or, to the knowledge of the Company or 
any Subsidiary, threatened.

(qq) No Disqualification Events.  With respect to the Securities to be 
offered and sold hereunder in reliance on Rule 506 under the Securities 
Act, none of the Company, any of its predecessors, any affiliated issuer, 
any director, executive officer, other officer of the Company participating 
in the offering hereunder, any beneficial owner of 20% or more of the 
Company's outstanding voting equity securities, calculated on the basis of 
voting power, nor any promoter (as that term is defined in Rule 405 under 
the Securities Act) connected with the Company in any capacity at the time 
of sale (each, an "Issuer Covered Person" and, together, "Issuer Covered 
Persons") is subject to any of the "Bad Actor" disqualifications described 
in Rule 506(d)(1)(i) to (viii) under the Securities Act (a "
Disqualification Event"), except for a Disqualification Event covered by 
Rule 506(d)(2) or (d)(3). The Company has exercised reasonable care to 
determine whether any Issuer Covered Person is subject to a 
Disqualification Event. The Company has complied, to the extent applicable, 
with its disclosure obligations under Rule 506(e), and has furnished to the 
Purchasers a copy of any disclosures provided thereunder.

21

------------------------------------------------------------------------

(rr) Other Covered Persons. Other than as set forth on Schedule 3.1(rr), 
the Company is not aware of any person (other than any Issuer Covered 
Person) that has been or will be paid (directly or indirectly) remuneration 
for solicitation of purchasers in connection with the sale of any 
Securities.

(ss) Notice of Disqualification Events. The Company will notify the 
Purchasers in writing, prior to the Closing Date of (i) any 
Disqualification Event relating to any Issuer Covered Person and (ii) any 
event that would, with the passage of time, become a Disqualification Event 
relating to any Issuer Covered Person.

3.2 Representations and Warranties of the Purchasers.  Each Purchaser, for 
itself and for no other Purchaser, hereby represents and warrants as of the 
date hereof and as of the Closing Date to the Company as follows (unless as 
of a specific date therein):

(a) Organization; Authority.  Purchaser is either an individual or an 
entity duly incorporated or formed, validly existing and in good standing 
under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or formation with 
full right, corporate, partnership, limited liability company or similar 
power and authority to enter into and to consummate the transactions 
contemplated by the Transaction Documents and otherwise to carry out its 
obligations hereunder and thereunder. The execution and delivery of the 
Transaction Documents and performance by Purchaser of the transactions 
contemplated by the Transaction Documents have been duly authorized by all 
necessary corporate, partnership, limited liability company or similar 
action, as applicable, on the part of Purchaser.  Each Transaction Document 
to which it is a party has been duly executed by Purchaser, and when 
delivered by Purchaser in accordance with the terms hereof, will constitute 
the valid and legally binding obligation of Purchaser, enforceable against 
it in accordance with its terms, except: (i) as limited by general 
equitable principles and applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, 
moratorium and other laws of general application affecting enforcement of 
creditors' rights generally, (ii) as limited by laws relating to the 
availability of specific performance, injunctive relief or other equitable 
remedies and (iii) insofar as indemnification and contribution provisions 
may be limited by applicable law.

(b) Own Account.  Purchaser understands that the Securities are "restricted 
securities" and have not been registered under the Securities Act or any 
applicable state securities law and is acquiring the Securities as 
principal for its own account and not with a view to or for distributing or 
reselling such Securities or any part thereof in violation of the 
Securities Act or any applicable state securities law, has no present 
intention of distributing any of such Securities in violation of the 
Securities Act or any applicable state securities law and has no direct or 
indirect arrangement or understandings with any other persons to distribute 
or regarding the distribution of such Securities in violation of the 
Securities Act or any applicable state securities law (this representation 
and warranty not limiting such Purchaser's right to sell the Securities 
pursuant to the Registration Statement or otherwise in compliance with 
applicable federal and state securities laws).  Purchaser is acquiring the 
Securities hereunder in the ordinary course of its business.

22

------------------------------------------------------------------------

(c) Purchaser Status.  At the time Purchaser was offered the Securities, it 
was, and as of the date hereof it is, and on each date on which it 
exercises any Warrants or converts any shares of Preferred Stock, it will 
be an "accredited investor" as defined in Rule 501(a)(1), (a)(2), (a)(3), 
(a)(7) or (a)(8) under the Securities Act.

(d) Experience of Purchaser.  Purchaser, either alone or together with its 
representatives, has such knowledge, sophistication and experience in 
business and financial matters so as to be capable of evaluating the merits 
and risks of the prospective investment in the Securities, and has so 
evaluated the merits and risks of such investment.  Purchaser is able to 
bear the economic risk of an investment in the Securities and, at the 
present time, is able to afford a complete loss of such investment.

(e) General Solicitation.  Purchaser is not purchasing the Securities as a 
result of any advertisement, article, notice or other communication 
regarding the Securities published in any newspaper, magazine or similar 
media or broadcast over television or radio or presented at any seminar or 
any other general solicitation or general advertisement.

(f) Access to Information.  Purchaser acknowledges that it has had the 
opportunity to review the Transaction Documents (including all exhibits and 
schedules thereto) and the SEC Reports and has been afforded (i) the 
opportunity to ask such questions as it has deemed necessary of, and to 
receive answers from, representatives of the Company concerning the terms 
and conditions of the offering of the Securities and the merits and risks 
of investing in the Securities; (ii) access to information about the 
Company and its financial condition, results of operations, business, 
properties, management and prospects sufficient to enable it to evaluate 
its investment; and (iii) the opportunity to obtain such additional 
information that the Company possesses or can acquire without unreasonable 
effort or expense that is necessary to make an informed investment decision 
with respect to the investment.  There are no additional materials or 
documents that have been sought by Purchaser that have not been available 
to Purchaser.

(g) Risk Factors.  Purchaser understands and is aware that an investment in 
the Securities involves substantial risks, including, but not limited to, 
the risks as set forth in Item 1A of the Annual Report of the Company on 
Form 10-K for the Year Ended June 30, 2016.

(h) Certain Transactions and Confidentiality.  Other than consummating the 
transactions contemplated hereunder, Purchaser has not directly or 
indirectly, nor has any Person acting on behalf of or pursuant to any 
understanding with Purchaser, executed any purchases or sales, including 
Short Sales, of the securities of the Company during the period commencing 
as of the time that Purchaser first received a term sheet (written or oral) 
from the Company or any other Person representing the Company setting forth 
the material terms of the transactions contemplated hereunder and ending 
immediately prior to the execution hereof.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, 
in the case of a Purchaser that is a multi-managed investment vehicle 
whereby separate portfolio managers manage separate portions of Purchaser's 
assets and the portfolio managers have no direct knowledge of the 
investment decisions made by the portfolio managers managing other portions 
of Purchaser's assets, the representation set forth above shall only apply 
with respect to the portion of assets managed by the portfolio manager that 
made the investment decision to purchase the Securities covered by this 
Agreement.  Other than to other Persons party to this Agreement, Purchaser 
has maintained the confidentiality of all disclosures made to it in 
connection with this transaction (including the existence and terms of this 
transaction). Notwithstanding the foregoing, for avoidance of doubt, 
nothing contained herein shall constitute a representation or warranty, or 
preclude any actions, with respect to the identification of the 
availability of, or securing of, available shares to borrow in order to 
effect Short Sales or similar transactions in the future.

23

------------------------------------------------------------------------

The Company acknowledges and agrees that the representations contained in 
Section 3.2 shall not modify, amend or affect Purchaser's right to rely on 
the Company's representations and warranties contained in this Agreement or 
any representations and warranties contained in any other Transaction 
Document or any other document or instrument executed and/or delivered in 
connection with this Agreement or the consummation of the transaction 
contemplated hereby.

ARTICLE IV.

OTHER AGREEMENTS OF THE PARTIES

4.1 Transfer Restrictions.

(a) The Securities may only be disposed of in compliance with state and 
federal securities laws.  In connection with any transfer of Securities 
other than pursuant to an effective registration statement or Rule 144, to 
the Company or to an Affiliate of a Purchaser or in connection with a 
pledge as contemplated in Section 4.1(b), the Company may require the 
transferor thereof to provide to the Company an opinion of counsel selected 
by the transferor and reasonably acceptable to the Company, the form and 
substance of which opinion shall be reasonably satisfactory to the Company, 
to the effect that such transfer does not require registration of such 
transferred Securities under the Securities Act.  As a condition of 
transfer, any such transferee shall agree in writing to be bound by the 
terms of this Agreement and the Registration Rights Agreement and shall 
have the rights and obligations of a Purchaser under this Agreement and the 
Registration Rights Agreement.

(b) The Purchasers agree to the imprinting, so long as is required by this 
Section 4.1, of a legend on any of the Securities in the following form:

    [NEITHER] THIS SECURITY [NOR THE SECURITIES INTO WHICH THIS SECURITY IS
    [EXERCISABLE] [CONVERTIBLE]] HAS [NOT] BEEN REGISTERED WITH THE
    SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION OR THE SECURITIES COMMISSION OF ANY
    STATE IN RELIANCE UPON AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE
    SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE "SECURITIES ACT"), AND,
    ACCORDINGLY, MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD EXCEPT PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE
    REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR PURSUANT TO AN
    AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM, OR IN A TRANSACTION NOT SUBJECT TO, THE
    REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT AND IN ACCORDANCE WITH
    APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS AS EVIDENCED BY A LEGAL OPINION OF
    COUNSEL TO THE TRANSFEROR TO SUCH EFFECT, THE SUBSTANCE OF WHICH SHALL
    BE REASONABLY ACCEPTABLE TO THE COMPANY. THIS SECURITY [AND THE
    SECURITIES ISSUABLE UPON [EXERCISE] [CONVERSION] OF THIS SECURITY] MAY
    BE PLEDGED IN CONNECTION WITH A BONA FIDE MARGIN ACCOUNT WITH A
    REGISTERED BROKER-DEALER OR OTHER LOAN WITH A FINANCIAL INSTITUTION
    THAT IS AN "ACCREDITED INVESTOR" AS DEFINED IN RULE 501(a) UNDER THE
    SECURITIES ACT OR OTHER LOAN SECURED BY SUCH SECURITIES.

24

------------------------------------------------------------------------

The Company acknowledges and agrees that a Purchaser may from time to time 
pledge pursuant to a bona fide margin agreement with a registered 
broker-dealer or grant a security interest in some or all of the Securities 
to a financial institution that is an "accredited investor" as defined in 
Rule 501(a) under the Securities Act and who agrees to be bound by the 
provisions of this Agreement and the Registration Rights Agreement and, if 
required under the terms of such arrangement, Purchaser may transfer 
pledged or secured Securities to the pledgees or secured parties.  Such a 
pledge or transfer would not be subject to approval of the Company and no 
legal opinion of legal counsel of the pledgee, secured party or pledgor 
shall be required in connection therewith.  Further, no notice shall be 
required of such pledge.  At the appropriate Purchaser's expense, the 
Company will execute and deliver such reasonable documentation as a pledgee 
or secured party of Securities may reasonably request in connection with a 
pledge or transfer of the Securities, including, if the Securities are 
subject to registration pursuant to the Registration Rights Agreement, the 
preparation and filing of any required prospectus supplement under Rule 
424(b)(3) under the Securities Act or other applicable provision of the 
Securities Act to appropriately amend the list of Selling Stockholders (as 
defined in the Registration Rights Agreement) thereunder.  Purchasers shall 
be added to the list of Selling Stockholders in the Registration Statement 
under the Registration Rights Agreement as provided in Section 4.15.

(c) Certificates evidencing the Underlying Shares shall not contain any 
legend (including the legend set forth in Section 4.1(b) hereof): (i) while 
a registration statement (including the Registration Statement, as amended) 
covering the resale of such security is effective under the Securities Act, 
(ii) following any sale of such Underlying Shares pursuant to Rule 144, 
(iii) if such Underlying Shares are eligible for sale under Rule 144 or 
(iv) if such legend is not required under applicable requirements of the 
Securities Act (including judicial interpretations and pronouncements 
issued by the staff of the Commission). The Company shall cause its counsel 
to issue a legal opinion to the Transfer Agent promptly after the Effective 
Date if required by the Transfer Agent to effect the removal of the legend 
hereunder. If all or any shares of Preferred Stock are converted or any 
portion of a Warrant is exercised at a time when there is an effective 
registration statement to cover the resale of the Underlying Shares, or if 
such Underlying Shares may be sold under Rule 144 or if such legend is not 
otherwise required under applicable requirements of the Securities Act 
(including judicial interpretations and pronouncements issued by the staff 
of the Commission) then such Underlying Shares shall be issued free of all 
legends.  The Company agrees that following the Effective Date or at such 
time as such legend is no longer required under this Section 4.1(c), it 
will, no later than three (3) Trading Days following the delivery by a 
Purchaser to the Company or the Transfer Agent of a certificate 
representing Underlying Shares, as applicable, issued with a restrictive 
legend (such third Trading Day, the "Legend Removal Date"), deliver or 
cause to be delivered to Purchaser a certificate representing such shares 
that is free from all restrictive and other legends.  The Company may not 
make any notation on its records or give instructions to the Transfer Agent 
that enlarge the restrictions on transfer set forth in this Section 4.  
Certificates for Underlying Shares subject to legend removal hereunder 
shall be transmitted by the Transfer Agent to the Purchaser by crediting 
the account of the Purchaser's prime broker with the Depository Trust 
Company System as directed by Purchaser.

25

------------------------------------------------------------------------

(d) In addition to Purchaser's other available remedies, the Company shall 
pay to a Purchaser, in cash, as partial liquidated damages and not as a 
penalty, for each $1,000 of Underlying Shares (based on the VWAP of the 
Common Stock on the date such Securities are submitted to the Transfer 
Agent) delivered for removal of the restrictive legend and subject to 
Section 4.1(c), $10 per Trading Day (increasing to $20 per Trading Day five 
(5) Trading Days after such damages have begun to accrue) for each Trading 
Day after the Legend Removal Date until such certificate is delivered 
without a legend.  Nothing herein shall limit Purchaser's right to pursue 
actual damages for the Company's failure to deliver certificates 
representing any Securities as required by the Transaction Documents, and 
Purchaser shall have the right to pursue all remedies available to it at 
law or in equity including, without limitation, a decree of specific 
performance and/or injunctive relief.

(e) Each Purchaser, severally and not jointly with the other Purchasers, 
agrees with the Company that Purchaser will sell any Securities pursuant to 
either the registration requirements of the Securities Act, including any 
applicable prospectus delivery requirements, or an exemption therefrom, and 
that if Securities are sold pursuant to a Registration Statement, they will 
be sold in compliance with the plan of distribution set forth therein, and 
acknowledges that the removal of the restrictive legend from certificates 
representing Securities as set forth in this Section 4.1 is predicated upon 
the Company's reliance upon this understanding.

4.2 Acknowledgment of Dilution.  The Company acknowledges that the issuance 
of the Securities may result in dilution of the outstanding shares of 
Common Stock, which dilution may be substantial under certain market 
conditions.  The Company further acknowledges that its obligations under 
the Transaction Documents, including, without limitation, its obligation to 
issue the Underlying Shares pursuant to the Transaction Documents, are 
unconditional and absolute and not subject to any right of set off, 
counterclaim, delay or reduction, regardless of the effect of any such 
dilution or any claim the Company may have against any Purchaser and 
regardless of the dilutive effect that such issuance may have on the 
ownership of the other shareholders of the Company.

4.3 Furnishing of Information; Public Information.

(a) If the Common Stock is not registered under Section 12(b) or 12(g) of 
the Exchange Act on the date hereof, the Company agrees to cause the Common 
Stock to be registered under Section 12(g) of the Exchange Act on or before 
the 60th calendar day following the date hereof. Until the earliest of the 
time that (i) no Purchaser owns Securities or (ii) the Warrants have 
expired, the Company covenants to maintain the registration of the Common 
Stock under Section 12(b) or 12(g) of the Exchange Act and to timely file 
(or obtain extensions in respect thereof and file within the applicable 
grace period) all reports required to be filed by the Company after the 
date hereof pursuant to the Exchange Act even if the Company is not then 
subject to the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act.

26

------------------------------------------------------------------------

(b) At any time during the period commencing from the six (6) month 
anniversary of the date hereof and ending at such time that all of the 
Securities may be sold without the requirement for the Company to be in 
compliance with Rule 144(c)(1) and otherwise without restriction or 
limitation pursuant to Rule 144, if the Company shall fail for any reason 
to satisfy the current public information requirement under Rule 144(c) (a 
"Public Information Failure") then, in addition to Purchaser's other 
available remedies, the Company shall pay to a Purchaser, in cash, as 
partial liquidated damages and not as a penalty, by reason of any such 
delay in or reduction of its ability to sell the Securities, an amount in 
cash equal to two percent (2.0%) of the aggregate Subscription Amount of 
Purchaser's Securities on the day of a Public Information Failure and on 
every thirtieth (30th) day (pro-rated for periods totaling less than thirty 
(30) days) thereafter until the earlier of (a) the date such Public 
Information Failure is cured and (b) such time that such public information 
is no longer required  for the Purchasers to transfer the Underlying Shares 
pursuant to Rule 144.  The payments to which a Purchaser shall be entitled 
pursuant to this Section 4.3(b) are referred to herein as "Public 
Information Failure Payments."  Public Information Failure Payments shall 
be paid on the earlier of (i) the last day of the calendar month during 
which such Public Information Failure Payments are incurred and (ii) the 
third (3rd) Business Day after the event or failure giving rise to the 
Public Information Failure Payments is cured.  In the event the Company 
fails to make Public Information Failure Payments in a timely manner, such 
Public Information Failure Payments shall bear interest at the rate of 1.5% 
per month (prorated for partial months) until paid in full. Nothing herein 
shall limit Purchaser's right to pursue actual damages for the Public 
Information Failure, and Purchaser shall have the right to pursue all 
remedies available to it at law or in equity including, without limitation, 
a decree of specific performance and/or injunctive relief.

4.4 Integration.  The Company shall not sell, offer for sale or solicit 
offers to buy or otherwise negotiate in respect of any security (as defined 
in Section 2 of the Securities Act) that would be integrated with the offer 
or sale of the Securities in a manner that would require the registration 
under the Securities Act of the sale of the Securities or that would be 
integrated with the offer or sale of the Securities for purposes of the 
rules and regulations of any Trading Market such that it would require 
shareholder approval prior to the closing of such other transaction unless 
shareholder approval is obtained before the closing of such subsequent 
transaction.

4.5 Conversion and Exercise Procedures.  Each of the form of Notice of 
Exercise included in the Warrants and the form of Notice of Conversion 
included in the Designation of Rights set forth the totality of the 
procedures required of the Purchasers in order to exercise the Warrants or 
convert the Preferred Stock.  Without limiting the preceding sentences, no 
ink-original Notice of Exercise or Notice of Conversion shall be required, 
nor shall any medallion guarantee (or other type of guarantee or 
notarization) of any Notice of Exercise or Notice of Conversion form be 
required in order to exercise the Warrants or convert the Preferred Stock.  
No additional legal opinion, other information or instructions shall be 
required of the Purchasers to exercise their Warrants or convert their 
Preferred Stock.  The Company shall honor exercises of the Warrants and 
conversions of the Preferred Stock and shall deliver Underlying Shares in 
accordance with the terms, conditions and time periods set forth in the 
Transaction Documents.

4.6 Securities Laws Disclosure; Publicity.  The Company shall, by 9:00 a.m. 
(New York City time) on the Trading Day immediately following the date 
hereof, file a Current Report on Form 8-K and press release disclosing the 
material terms of the transactions contemplated hereby, including the 
Transaction Documents as exhibits thereto.  From and after the issuance of 
such press release, the Company represents to the Purchasers that it shall 
have publicly disclosed all material, non-public information delivered to 
any of the Purchasers by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or any of 
their respective officers, directors, employees or agents in connection 
with the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents. The 
Company and each Purchaser shall consult with each other in issuing any 
other press releases with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby, 
and neither the Company nor any Purchaser shall issue any such press 
release nor otherwise make any such public statement without the prior 
consent of the Company, with respect to any press release of any Purchaser, 
or without the prior consent of each Purchaser, with respect to any press 
release of the Company, which consent shall not unreasonably be withheld or 
delayed, except if such disclosure is required by law, in which case the 
disclosing party shall promptly provide the other party with prior notice 
of such public statement or communication.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, 
the Company shall not publicly disclose the name of any Purchaser, or 
include the name of any Purchaser in any filing with the Commission or any 
regulatory agency or Trading Market, without the prior written consent of 
Purchaser, except: (a) as required by federal securities law in connection 
with (i) any registration statement contemplated by the Registration Rights 
Agreement and (ii) the filing of final Transaction Documents with the 
Commission and (b) to the extent such disclosure is required by law or 
Trading Market regulations, in which case the Company shall provide the 
Purchasers with prior notice of such disclosure permitted under this clause 
(b).

27

------------------------------------------------------------------------

4.7 Shareholder Rights Plan.  No claim will be made or enforced by the 
Company or, with the consent of the Company, any other Person, that any 
Purchaser is an "Acquiring Person" under any control share acquisition, 
business combination, poison pill (including any distribution under a 
rights agreement) or similar anti-takeover plan or arrangement in effect or 
hereafter adopted by the Company, or that any Purchaser could be deemed to 
trigger the provisions of any such plan or arrangement, by virtue of 
receiving Securities under the Transaction Documents or under any other 
agreement between the Company and the Purchasers.

4.8 Non-Public Information.  Except with respect to the material terms and 
conditions of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents, 
the Company covenants and agrees that neither it, nor any other Person 
acting on its behalf, will provide any Purchaser or its agents or counsel 
with any information that the Company believes constitutes material 
non-public information, unless prior thereto Purchaser shall have entered 
into a written agreement with the Company regarding the confidentiality and 
use of such information.  The Company understands and confirms that each 
Purchaser shall be relying on the foregoing covenant in effecting 
transactions in securities of the Company.

4.9 Use of Proceeds.  The Company shall use the net proceeds from the sale 
of the Securities hereunder for working capital purposes, and shall not use 
such proceeds: (a) for the satisfaction of any portion of the Company's 
debt (other than (i) transaction fees, costs or expenses related to this 
Agreement, and (ii)  payment of trade payables in the ordinary course of 
the Company's business and prior practices, (b) for the redemption of any 
Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents, (c) for the settlement of any 
outstanding litigation or (d) in violation of FCPA or OFAC regulations.

28

------------------------------------------------------------------------

4.10 Indemnification of Purchasers.  Subject to the provisions of this 
Section 4.10, the Company will indemnify and hold each Purchaser and its 
directors, officers, shareholders, members, partners, employees and agents 
(and any other Persons with a functionally equivalent role of a Person 
holding such titles notwithstanding a lack of such title or any other 
title), each Person who controls Purchaser (within the meaning of Section 
15 of the Securities Act and Section 20 of the Exchange Act), and the 
directors, officers, shareholders, agents, members, partners or employees 
(and any other Persons with a functionally equivalent role of a Person 
holding such titles notwithstanding a lack of such title or any other 
title) of such controlling persons (each, a "Purchaser Party") harmless 
from any and all losses, liabilities, obligations, claims, contingencies, 
damages, costs and expenses, including all judgments, amounts paid in 
settlements, court costs and reasonable attorneys' fees and costs of 
investigation that any Purchaser Party may suffer or incur as a result of 
or relating to (a) any breach of any of the representations, warranties, 
covenants or agreements made by the Company in this Agreement or in the 
other Transaction Documents or (b) any action instituted against the 
Purchaser Parties in any capacity, or any of them or their respective 
Affiliates, by any stockholder of the Company who is not an Affiliate of 
such Purchaser Party, with respect to any of the transactions contemplated 
by the Transaction Documents (unless such action is based upon a breach of 
such Purchaser Party's representations, warranties or covenants under the 
Transaction Documents or any agreements or understandings such Purchaser 
Party may have with any such stockholder or any violations by such 
Purchaser Party of state or federal securities laws or any conduct by such 
Purchaser Party which constitutes fraud, gross negligence, willful 
misconduct or malfeasance).  If any action shall be brought against any 
Purchaser Party in respect of which indemnity may be sought pursuant to 
this Agreement, such Purchaser Party shall promptly notify the Company in 
writing, and the Company shall have the right to assume the defense thereof 
with counsel of its own choosing reasonably acceptable to the Purchaser 
Party.  Any Purchaser Party shall have the right to employ separate counsel 
in any such action and participate in the defense thereof, but the fees and 
expenses of such counsel shall be at the expense of such Purchaser Party 
except to the extent that (i) the employment thereof has been specifically 
authorized by the Company in writing, (ii) the Company has failed after a 
reasonable period of time to assume such defense and to employ counsel or 
(iii) in such action there is, in the reasonable opinion of counsel, a 
material conflict on any material issue between the position of the Company 
and the position of such Purchaser Party, in which case the Company shall 
be responsible for the reasonable fees and expenses of no more than one 
such separate counsel.  The Company will not be liable to any Purchaser 
Party under this Agreement (y) for any settlement by a Purchaser Party 
effected without the Company's prior written consent, which shall not be 
unreasonably withheld or delayed; or (z) to the extent, but only to the 
extent that a loss, claim, damage or liability is attributable to any 
Purchaser Party's breach of any of the representations, warranties, 
covenants or agreements made by such Purchaser Party in this Agreement or 
in the other Transaction Documents.  The indemnification required by this 
Section 4.10 shall be made by periodic payments of the amount thereof 
during the course of the investigation or defense, as and when bills are 
received or are incurred. The indemnity agreements contained herein shall 
be in addition to any cause of action or similar right of any Purchaser 
Party against the Company or others and any liabilities the Company may be 
subject to pursuant to law.

29

------------------------------------------------------------------------

4.11 Reservation and Listing of Securities.

(a) The Company shall maintain a reserve from its duly authorized shares of 
Common Stock for issuance pursuant to the Transaction Documents in such 
amount as may then be required to fulfill its obligations in full under the 
Transaction Documents.

(b) If, on any date, the number of authorized but unissued (and otherwise 
unreserved) shares of Common Stock is less than 130% of (i) the Required 
Minimum on such date, minus (ii) the number of shares of Common Stock 
previously issued pursuant to the Transaction Documents, then the Board of 
Directors shall use commercially reasonable efforts to amend the Company's 
certificate or articles of incorporation to increase the number of 
authorized but unissued shares of Common Stock to at least the Required 
Minimum at such time (minus the number of shares of Common Stock previously 
issued pursuant to the Transaction Documents), as soon as possible and in 
any event not later than the 75th day after such date; provided that the 
Company will not be required at any time to authorize a number of shares of 
Common Stock greater than the maximum remaining number of shares of Common 
Stock that could possibly be issued after such time pursuant to the 
Transaction Documents.

(c) The Company shall, if applicable: (i) in the time and manner required 
by the principal Trading Market, prepare and file with such Trading Market 
an additional shares listing application covering a number of shares of 
Common Stock at least equal to the Required Minimum on the date of such 
application, (ii) take all steps necessary to cause such shares of Common 
Stock to be approved for listing or quotation on such Trading Market as 
soon as possible thereafter, (iii) provide to the Purchasers evidence of 
such listing or quotation and (iv) maintain the listing or quotation of 
such Common Stock on any date at least equal to the Required Minimum on 
such date on such Trading Market or another Trading Market. The Company 
agrees to maintain the eligibility of the Common Stock for electronic 
transfer through the Depository Trust Company or another established 
clearing corporation, including, without limitation, by timely payment of 
fees to the Depository Trust Company or such other established clearing 
corporation in connection with such electronic transfer.

4.12 Director Rights.  Section 4.12 of the 2015 Purchase Agreement granted 
to the Initial Holders certain "Director Rights", as contained on Exhibit F
, attached hereto and by this reference incorporated herein.  Purchasers 
shall be deemed to be "Holders" for purposes of the Director Rights granted 
under the 2015 Purchase Agreement, in proportion to their respective 
ownership of the Preferred Stock or Common Stock of the Company following 
the Closing, on the terms and conditions set forth in Exhibit F.

4.13 Subsequent Equity Sales.

(a) From the date hereof until such time as no Purchaser holds any of the 
Warrants, the Company shall be prohibited from effecting or entering into 
an agreement to effect any issuance by the Company or any of its 
Subsidiaries of Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents (or a combination 
of units thereof) involving a Variable Rate Transaction. "Variable Rate 
Transaction" means a transaction in which the Company (i) issues or sells 
any debt or equity securities that are convertible into, exchangeable or 
exercisable for, or include the right to receive, additional shares of 
Common Stock either (A) at a conversion price, exercise price or exchange 
rate or other price that is based upon, and/or varies with, the trading 
prices of or quotations for the shares of Common Stock at any time after 
the initial issuance of such debt or equity securities or (B) with a 
conversion, exercise or exchange price that is subject to being reset at 
some future date after the initial issuance of such debt or equity security 
or upon the occurrence of specified or contingent events directly or 
indirectly related to the business of the Company or the market for the 
Common Stock or (ii) enters into any agreement, including, but not limited 
to, an equity line of credit, whereby the Company may issue securities at a 
future determined price.  Any Purchaser shall be entitled to obtain 
injunctive relief against the Company to preclude any such issuance, which 
remedy shall be in addition to any right to collect damages.

30

------------------------------------------------------------------------

(b) Notwithstanding the foregoing, this Section 4.13 shall not apply in 
respect of an Exempt Issuance, except that no Variable Rate Transaction 
shall be an Exempt Issuance.

4.14 Equal Treatment of Purchasers.  No consideration (including any 
modification of any Transaction Document) shall be offered or paid to any 
Person to amend or consent to a waiver or modification of any provision of 
this Agreement unless the same consideration is also offered to all of the 
parties to this Agreement.  For clarification purposes, this provision 
constitutes a separate right granted to each Purchaser by the Company and 
negotiated separately by each Purchaser, and is intended for the Company to 
treat the Purchasers as a class and shall not in any way be construed as 
the Purchasers acting in concert or as a group with respect to the 
purchase, disposition or voting of Securities or otherwise.

4.15 Registration Rights.  Purchasers shall have those rights as Holders 
and Selling Stockholders under the Registration Rights Agreement and the 
Company shall file a post-effective amendment to the Registration Statement 
within thirty (30) days of the Closing Date to cover the resale of the 
Underlying Shares issued to or to be issued to the Purchasers upon the 
conversion or exercise of the Securities purchased under this Agreement.

1.16 Certain Transactions and Confidentiality. Each Purchaser, severally 
and not jointly with the other Purchasers, covenants that neither it, nor 
any Affiliate acting on its behalf or pursuant to any understanding with it 
will execute any purchases or sales, including Short Sales, of any of the 
Company's securities during the period commencing with the execution of 
this Agreement and ending at such time that the transactions contemplated 
by this Agreement are first publicly announced pursuant to the initial 
press release as described in Section 4.6.  Each Purchaser, severally and 
not jointly with the other Purchasers, covenants that until such time as 
the transactions contemplated by this Agreement are publicly disclosed by 
the Company pursuant to the initial press release as described in Section 
4.6, Purchaser will maintain the confidentiality of the existence and terms 
of this transaction and the information included in the Transaction 
Documents and the Disclosure Schedules.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, and 
notwithstanding anything contained in this Agreement to the contrary, the 
Company expressly acknowledges and agrees that (i) no Purchaser makes any 
representation, warranty or covenant hereby that it will not engage in 
effecting transactions in any securities of the Company after the time that 
the transactions contemplated by this Agreement are first publicly 
announced pursuant to the initial press release as described in Section 4.6
, (ii) no Purchaser shall be restricted or prohibited from effecting any 
transactions in any securities of the Company in accordance with applicable 
securities laws from and after the time that the transactions contemplated 
by this Agreement are first publicly announced pursuant to the initial 
press release as described in Section 4.6 and (iii) no Purchaser shall have 
any duty of confidentiality to the Company or its Subsidiaries after the 
issuance of the initial press release as described in Section 4.6.  
Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the case of a Purchaser that is a 
multi-managed investment vehicle whereby separate portfolio managers manage 
separate portions of Purchaser's assets and the portfolio managers have no 
direct knowledge of the investment decisions made by the portfolio managers 
managing other portions of Purchaser's assets, the covenant set forth above 
shall only apply with respect to the portion of assets managed by the 
portfolio manager that made the investment decision to purchase the 
Securities covered by this Agreement.

31

------------------------------------------------------------------------

4.16 Form D; Blue Sky Filings.  The Company agrees to timely file a Form D 
with respect to the Securities as required under Regulation D and to 
provide a copy thereof, promptly upon request of any Purchaser. The Company 
shall take such action as the Company shall reasonably determine is 
necessary in order to obtain an exemption for, or to qualify the Securities 
for, sale to the Purchasers at the Closing under applicable securities or 
"Blue Sky" laws of the states of the United States, and shall provide 
evidence of such actions promptly upon request of any Purchaser.

ARTICLE V.
MISCELLANEOUS

5.1 Termination.  This Agreement may be terminated by any Purchaser, as to 
Purchaser's obligations hereunder only and without any effect whatsoever on 
the obligations between the Company and the other Purchasers, by written 
notice to the other parties, if the Closing has not been consummated on or 
before the Termination Date; provided, however, that such termination will 
not affect the right of any party to sue for any breach by any other party 
(or parties), and such failure to close is not attributable to any actions 
or inactions of the Purchaser seeking to terminate its obligations under 
this Agreement.

5.2 Fees and Expenses.  Except as expressly set forth in the Transaction 
Documents to the contrary, each party shall pay the fees and expenses of 
its advisers, counsel, accountants and other experts, if any, and all other 
expenses incurred by such party incident to the negotiation, preparation, 
execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement.  The Company shall 
pay all Transfer Agent fees (including, without limitation, any fees 
required for same-day processing of any instruction letter delivered by the 
Company and any conversion or exercise notice delivered by a Purchaser), 
stamp taxes and other taxes and duties levied in connection with the 
delivery of any Securities to the Purchasers.

5.3 Entire Agreement.  The Transaction Documents, together with the 
exhibits and schedules thereto, contain the entire understanding of the 
parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and thereof and supersede 
all prior agreements and understandings, oral or written, with respect to 
such matters, which the parties acknowledge have been merged into such 
documents, exhibits and schedules.

5.4 Notices.  Any and all notices or other communications or deliveries 
required or permitted to be provided hereunder shall be in writing and 
shall be deemed given and effective on the earliest of: (a) the date of 
transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered via e-mail or 
facsimile at the facsimile number or email address set forth on the 
signature pages attached hereto at or prior to 5:30 p.m. (New York City 
time) on a Trading Day, (b) the next Trading Day after the date of 
transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered via facsimile at 
the facsimile number or email attachment as set forth on the signature 
pages attached hereto on a day that is not a Trading Day or later than 5:30 
p.m. (New York City time) on any Trading Day, (c) the second (2nd) Trading 
Day following the date of mailing, if sent by U.S. nationally recognized 
overnight courier service or (d) upon actual receipt by the party to whom 
such notice is required to be given.  The address for such notices and 
communications shall be as set forth on the signature pages attached 
hereto.

32

------------------------------------------------------------------------

5.5 Amendments; Waivers.  No provision of this Agreement may be waived, 
modified, supplemented or amended except in a written instrument signed, in 
the case of an amendment, by the Company and the Purchasers representing 
51% in interest (based on initial Subscription Amounts hereunder) or, in 
the case of a waiver, by the party against whom enforcement of any such 
waived provision is sought.  No waiver of any default with respect to any 
provision, condition or requirement of this Agreement shall be deemed to be 
a continuing waiver in the future or a waiver of any subsequent default or 
a waiver of any other provision, condition or requirement hereof, nor shall 
any delay or omission of any party to exercise any right hereunder in any 
manner impair the exercise of any such right.

5.6 Headings.  The headings herein are for convenience only, do not 
constitute a part of this Agreement and shall not be deemed to limit or 
affect any of the provisions hereof.

5.7 Successors and Assigns.  This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure 
to the benefit of the parties and their successors and permitted assigns.  
The Company may not assign this Agreement or any rights or obligations 
hereunder without the prior written consent of each Purchaser (other than 
by merger).  Any Purchaser may assign any or all of its rights under this 
Agreement to any Person to whom Purchaser assigns or transfers any 
Securities, provided that such transferee agrees in writing to be bound, 
with respect to the transferred Securities, by the provisions of the 
Transaction Documents that apply to the "Purchasers."

5.8 No Third-Party Beneficiaries.  This Agreement is intended for the 
benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and permitted 
assigns and is not for the benefit of, nor may any provision hereof be 
enforced by, any other Person, except as otherwise set forth in Section 
4.10 and this Section 5.8.

5.9 Governing Law.  All questions concerning the construction, validity, 
enforcement and interpretation of the Transaction Documents shall be 
governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the internal laws 
of the State of New York, without regard to the principles of conflicts of 
law thereof.  Each party agrees that all legal proceedings concerning the 
interpretations, enforcement and defense of the transactions contemplated 
by this Agreement and any other Transaction Documents (whether brought 
against a party hereto or its respective affiliates, directors, officers, 
shareholders, partners, members, employees or agents) shall be commenced 
exclusively in the state and federal courts sitting in the City of New 
York.  Each party hereby irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction 
of the state and federal courts sitting in the City of New York, Borough of 
Manhattan for the adjudication of any dispute hereunder or in connection 
herewith or with any transaction contemplated hereby or discussed herein 
(including with respect to the enforcement of any of the Transaction 
Documents), and hereby irrevocably waives, and agrees not to assert in any 
suit, action or proceeding, any claim that it is not personally subject to 
the jurisdiction of any such court, that such suit, action or proceeding is 
improper or is an  inconvenient venue for such proceeding.  Each party 
hereby irrevocably waives personal service of process and consents to 
process being served in any such suit, action or proceeding by mailing a 
copy thereof via registered or certified mail or overnight delivery (with 
evidence of delivery) to such party at the address in effect for notices to 
it under this Agreement and agrees that such service shall constitute good 
and sufficient service of process and notice thereof.  Nothing contained 
herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in 
any other manner permitted by law.  If either party shall commence an 
action, suit or proceeding to enforce any provisions of the Transaction 
Documents, then, in addition to the obligations of the Company under 
Section 4.10, the prevailing party in such action, suit or proceeding shall 
be reimbursed by the other party for its reasonable attorneys' fees and 
other costs and expenses incurred with the investigation, preparation and 
prosecution of such action or proceeding.

33

------------------------------------------------------------------------

5.10 Survival.  The representations and warranties contained herein shall 
survive the Closing and the delivery of the Securities.

5.11 Execution.  This Agreement may be executed in two (2) or more 
counterparts, all of which when taken together shall be considered one and 
the same agreement and shall become effective when counterparts have been 
signed by each party and delivered to each other party, it being understood 
that the parties need not sign the same counterpart.  In the event that any 
signature is delivered by facsimile transmission or by e-mail delivery of a 
".pdf" format data file, such signature shall create a valid and binding 
obligation of the party executing (or on whose behalf such signature is 
executed) with the same force and effect as if such facsimile or ".pdf" 
signature page were an original thereof.

5.12 Severability.  If any term, provision, covenant or restriction of this 
Agreement is held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, 
illegal, void or unenforceable, the remainder of the terms, provisions, 
covenants and restrictions set forth herein shall remain in full force and 
effect and shall in no way be affected, impaired or invalidated, and the 
parties hereto shall use their commercially reasonable efforts to find and 
employ an alternative means to achieve the same or substantially the same 
result as that contemplated by such term, provision, covenant or 
restriction. It is hereby stipulated and declared to be the intention of 
the parties that they would have executed the remaining terms, provisions, 
covenants and restrictions without including any of such that may be 
hereafter declared invalid, illegal, void or unenforceable.

5.13 Rescission and Withdrawal Right.  Notwithstanding anything to the 
contrary contained in (and without limiting any similar provisions of) any 
of the other Transaction Documents, whenever any Purchaser exercises a 
right, election, demand or option under a Transaction Document and the 
Company does not timely perform its related obligations within the periods 
therein provided, then Purchaser may rescind or withdraw, in its sole 
discretion from time to time upon written notice to the Company, any 
relevant notice, demand or election in whole or in part without prejudice 
to its future actions and rights; provided, however, that in the case of a 
rescission of a conversion of the Preferred Stock or exercise of a Warrant, 
the applicable Purchaser shall be required to return any shares of Common 
Stock subject to any such rescinded conversion or exercise notice 
concurrently with the return to Purchaser of the aggregate exercise price 
paid to the Company for such shares and the restoration of Purchaser's 
right to acquire such shares pursuant to Purchaser's Warrant (including, 
issuance of a replacement warrant certificate evidencing such restored 
right).

34

------------------------------------------------------------------------

5.14 Replacement of Securities.  If any certificate or instrument 
evidencing any Securities is mutilated, lost, stolen or destroyed, the 
Company shall issue or cause to be issued in exchange and substitution for 
and upon cancellation thereof (in the case of mutilation), or in lieu of 
and substitution therefor, a new certificate or instrument, but only upon 
receipt of evidence reasonably satisfactory to the Company of such loss, 
theft or destruction.  The applicant for a new certificate or instrument 
under such circumstances shall also pay any reasonable third-party costs 
(including customary indemnity) associated with the issuance of such 
replacement Securities.

5.15 Remedies.  In addition to being entitled to exercise all rights 
provided herein or granted by law, including recovery of damages, each of 
the Purchasers and the Company will be entitled to specific performance 
under the Transaction Documents.  The parties agree that monetary damages 
may not be adequate compensation for any loss incurred by reason of any 
breach of obligations contained in the Transaction Documents and hereby 
agree to waive and not to assert in any action for specific performance of 
any such obligation the defense that a remedy at law would be adequate.

5.16 Payment Set Aside. To the extent that the Company makes a payment or 
payments to any Purchaser pursuant to any Transaction Document or a 
Purchaser enforces or exercises its rights thereunder, and such payment or 
payments or the proceeds of such enforcement or exercise or any part 
thereof are subsequently invalidated, declared to be fraudulent or 
preferential, set aside, recovered from, disgorged by or are required to be 
refunded, repaid or otherwise restored to the Company, a trustee, receiver 
or any other Person under any law (including, without limitation, any 
bankruptcy law, state or federal law, common law or equitable cause of 
action), then to the extent of any such restoration the obligation or part 
thereof originally intended to be satisfied shall be revived and continued 
in full force and effect as if such payment had not been made or such 
enforcement or setoff had not occurred.

5.17 Usury.  To the extent it may lawfully do so, the Company hereby agrees 
not to insist upon or plead or in any manner whatsoever claim, and will 
resist any and all efforts to be compelled to take the benefit or advantage 
of, usury laws wherever enacted, now or at any time hereafter in force, in 
connection with any claim, action or proceeding that may be brought by any 
Purchaser in order to enforce any right or remedy under any Transaction 
Document.  Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary contained in any 
Transaction Document, it is expressly agreed and provided that the total 
liability of the Company under the Transaction Documents for payments in 
the nature of interest shall not exceed the maximum lawful rate authorized 
under applicable law (the "Maximum Rate"), and, without limiting the 
foregoing, in no event shall any rate of interest or default interest, or 
both of them, when aggregated with any other sums in the nature of interest 
that the Company may be obligated to pay under the Transaction Documents 
exceed such Maximum Rate.  It is agreed that if the maximum contract rate 
of interest allowed by law and applicable to the Transaction Documents is 
increased or decreased by statute or any official governmental action 
subsequent to the date hereof, the new maximum contract rate of interest 
allowed by law will be the Maximum Rate applicable to the Transaction 
Documents from the effective date thereof forward, unless such application 
is precluded by applicable law.  If under any circumstances whatsoever, 
interest in excess of the Maximum Rate is paid by the Company to any 
Purchaser with respect to indebtedness evidenced by the Transaction 
Documents, such excess shall be applied by Purchaser to the unpaid 
principal balance of any such indebtedness or be refunded to the Company, 
the manner of handling such excess to be at Purchaser's election.

35

------------------------------------------------------------------------

5.18 Independent Nature of Purchasers' Obligations and Rights.  The 
obligations of each Purchaser under any Transaction Document are several 
and not joint with the obligations of any other Purchaser, and no Purchaser 
shall be responsible in any way for the performance or non-performance of 
the obligations of any other Purchaser under any Transaction Document.  
Nothing contained herein or in any other Transaction Document, and no 
action taken by any Purchaser pursuant hereto or thereto, shall be deemed 
to constitute the Purchasers as a partnership, an association, a joint 
venture or any other kind of entity, or create a presumption that the 
Purchasers are in any way acting in concert or as a group with respect to 
such obligations or the transactions contemplated by the Transaction 
Documents.  Each Purchaser shall be entitled to independently protect and 
enforce its rights, including, without limitation, the rights arising out 
of this Agreement or out of the other Transaction Documents, and it shall 
not be necessary for any other Purchaser to be joined as an additional 
party in any proceeding for such purpose.  Each Purchaser has been 
represented by its own separate legal counsel in its review and negotiation 
of the Transaction Documents.  The Company has elected to provide all 
Purchasers with the same terms and Transaction Documents for the 
convenience of the Company and not because it was required or requested to 
do so by any of the Purchasers.

5.19 Liquidated Damages.  The Company's obligations to pay any partial 
liquidated damages or other amounts owing under the Transaction Documents 
is a continuing obligation of the Company and shall not terminate until all 
unpaid partial liquidated damages and other amounts have been paid 
notwithstanding the fact that the instrument or security pursuant to which 
such partial liquidated damages or other amounts are due and payable shall 
have been canceled.

5.20 Saturdays, Sundays, Holidays, etc. If the last or appointed day for 
the taking of any action or the expiration of any right required or granted 
herein shall not be a Business Day, then such action may be taken or such 
right may be exercised on the next succeeding Business Day.

5.21 Construction. The parties agree that each of them and/or their 
respective counsel have reviewed and had an opportunity to revise the 
Transaction Documents and, therefore, the normal rule of construction to 
the effect that any ambiguities are to be resolved against the drafting 
party shall not be employed in the interpretation of the Transaction 
Documents or any amendments thereto. In addition, each and every reference 
to share prices and shares of Common Stock in any Transaction Document 
shall be subject to adjustment for reverse and forward stock splits, stock 
dividends, stock combinations and other similar transactions of the Common 
Stock that occur after the date of this Agreement.

36

------------------------------------------------------------------------

5.22 Waiver of Jury Trial.  IN ANY ACTION, SUIT, OR PROCEEDING IN ANY 
JURISDICTION BROUGHT BY ANY PARTY AGAINST ANY OTHER PARTY, THE PARTIES EACH 
KNOWINGLY AND INTENTIONALLY, TO THE GREATEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE 
LAW, HEREBY ABSOLUTELY, UNCONDITIONALLY, IRREVOCABLY AND EXPRESSLY WAIVES 
FOREVER TRIAL BY JURY.




(Signature Page for the Company Follows)


37

------------------------------------------------------------------------

 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Securities Purchase 
Agreement to be duly executed by their respective authorized signatories as 
of the date first indicated above.


DYNATRONICS CORPORATION
 
Address for Notice:
Attn: Kelvyn Cullimore, Jr.
7030 Park Centre Dr.
Cottonwood Heights, UT 84121
By:__________________________________________
     Name:  Kelvyn Cullimore, Jr.
     Title:  Chief Executive Officer
 
With a copy to (which shall not constitute notice):
Kelvyn@dynatronics.com
Fax: _________________
 
Kevin R. Pinegar or Wayne D. Swan
Durham Jones & Pinegar, P.C.
111 East Broadway, Suite 900
Salt Lake City, Utah  84111
Phone:  801-415-3000
 
Fax:  801-415-3500
 

[REMAINDER OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK SIGNATURE PAGES FOR PURCHASERS 
FOLLOW]

38

------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have caused this Securities Purchase 
Agreement to be duly executed by their respective authorized signatories as 
of the date first indicated above.

Name of Purchaser: ____________________________________________________
 
Signature of Authorized Signatory of Purchaser: __________________________
 
Name of Authorized Signatory: ____________________________________
 
Title of Authorized Signatory: _____________________________________
 
Email Address of Authorized Signatory: 
___________________________________________
 
Facsimile Number of Authorized Signatory: 
_________________________________________

Address for Notice to Purchaser:




Address for Delivery of Securities to Purchaser (if not same as address for 
notice):





Subscription Amount:____________
Shares of Preferred Stock: ________
Warrant Shares: _________
EIN Number: ____________________
 

39

------------------------------------------------------------------------

 

EXHIBIT A

INVESTOR SCHEDULE


40

------------------------------------------------------------------------




EXHIBIT B

A-WARRANT


41

------------------------------------------------------------------------




EXHIBIT C

B-WARRANT


42

------------------------------------------------------------------------




EXHIBIT D

DESIGNATION OF RIGHTS



43

------------------------------------------------------------------------



EXHIBIT E

REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT



44

------------------------------------------------------------------------



EXHIBIT F

DIRECTOR RIGHTS
 

From Securities Purchase Agreement dated May 1, 2015 (capitalized terms not 
defined herein shall have the meaning given them in said agreement):

4.12 Director Rights. During the Director Rights Period, as defined below, 
at any meeting of the shareholders of the Company at which members of the 
Board of Directors of the Company (the "Board of Directors") are to be 
elected, or whenever members of the Board of Directors are to be elected by 
written consent:

    (a) Commencing within three business days of the Closing Date (as
    defined in the Purchase Agreement), and for so long thereafter as the
    Holders own or would beneficially own at least 28.6% of the Common
    Stock of the Company (either directly, or indirectly, through ownership
    of Common Stock or Preferred Stock convertible into Common Stock, but
    excluding any Warrants exercisable for Common Stock) (the "Threshold
    Ownership Percentage"), the Board of Directors of the Company shall
    consist of a maximum of seven (7) directors, and the Holders shall have
    the exclusive right to nominate, and to directly elect, up to three (3)
    members of the Board of Directors (each such member, a "Preferred
    Director"), provided, however, that in compliance with Nasdaq Listing
    Rule 5640, the number of Preferred Directors shall be reduced pro
    ratably with any reduction in ownership by the Holders below the
    Threshold Ownership Percentage, so that the number of Preferred
    Directors is approximately equal to the Holders' direct or indirect
    ownership of the Common Stock of the Company, provided, further, that
    so long as Prettybrook Partners, LLC, or any of its respective
    Affiliates ("Prettybrook") owns at least fifty percent (50%) of the
    outstanding Preferred Stock, Prettybrook shall have the right to select
    the Preferred Directors. For the avoidance of doubt, Common Stock of
    the Company, and holders of Common Stock, shall have no voting,
    nomination, election or other rights with respect to the Preferred
    Directors.

    (b) Notwithstanding paragraph (a) above, the Holders shall not have any
    rights to elect any Preferred Directors unless the Holders own or would
    beneficially own at least 10% of the Common Stock of the Company
    (either directly, or indirectly, through ownership of Common Stock or
    Preferred Stock convertible into Common Stock, but excluding any
    Warrants exercisable for Common Stock) (the "Directors Rights Period
    ").

    (c) Any decrease in the number of Preferred Directors pursuant to
    paragraph (a) above would not require or force a Preferred Director to
    resign intra-term.

    (d) Only those parties who are entitled to nominate or elect a director
    may remove such director, which removal may be at any time and from
    time to time, with or without cause.

45

------------------------------------------------------------------------

    (e) If any director ceases to serve in such capacity prior to the end
    of his or her term for any reason, the resulting vacancy on the Board
    of Directors shall be filled with a director by the same parties who
    were entitled to nominate or elect such departing director.

    (f) During the Director Rights Period, as determined by the full Board
    of Directors, and provided that such Preferred Directors are
    "independent" as determined pursuant to Nasdaq Listing Rule 5605, at
    least one (1) Preferred Director shall serve on every committee of the
    Board of Directors (or shall decline to serve in writing), and a
    Preferred Director shall serve as Chairperson of the Corporation's
    Nominating and Governance Committee, when such committee is
    established.

    (g) In addition to its other rights hereunder, during the Director
    Rights Period, the Holders shall have the right to have one observer
    (who is not a Preferred Director) present at any meetings of the Board
    of Directors, which observer shall have the right to participate in
    discussions among the Board members, but such observer shall not have
    any voting rights on any matters, provided, however, that so long as
    Prettybrook owns at least fifty percent (50%) of the outstanding
    Preferred Stock, Prettybrook shall have the to choose such observer.


46

------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
Additional Important Disclosures Relating to Redemption Rights under 
Section 9(b) of the Designation of Rights of the Preferred Stock.

Prior to the Company receiving Shareholder Approval in connection 
therewith, and pursuant to Nasdaq Rule 5635(c), the Purchasers of the 
Preferred Shares in connection with the Offering who are insiders of the 
Company (i.e., officers, directors, employees or consultants) shall not be 
entitled to receive shares of Common Stock valued at less than market 
value, in payment of the Triggering Redemption Amount, in connection with 
any redemptions made by the Company pursuant to Section 9(b)(B) of the 
Designation.
 

47
------------------------------------------------------------------------