 EX-10.6 13 f1012g2017ex10vi_abthold.htm FORM OF WARRANT
Exhibit 10.6
 
EXHIBIT E
 
FORM OF WARRANT
 
NEITHER THIS SECURITY NOR THE SECURITIES FOR WHICH THIS SECURITY IS 
EXERCISABLE HAVE BEEN REGISTERED WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE 
COMMISSION OR THE SECURITIES COMMISSION OF ANY STATE IN RELIANCE UPON AN 
EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED 
(THE “SECURITIES ACT”), AND, ACCORDINGLY, MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD EXCEPT 
PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR 
PURSUANT TO AN AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM, OR IN A TRANSACTION NOT SUBJECT 
TO, THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT AND IN ACCORDANCE 
WITH APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. THIS SECURITY AND THE SECURITIES 
ISSUABLE UPON EXERCISE OF THIS SECURITY MAY BE PLEDGED IN CONNECTION WITH A 
BONA FIDE MARGIN ACCOUNT WITH A REGISTERED BROKER-DEALER OR OTHER LOAN WITH 
A FINANCIAL INSTITUTION THAT IS AN “ACCREDITED INVESTOR” AS DEFINED IN RULE 
501(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR OTHER LOAN SECURED BY SUCH SECURITIES.
 
COMMON STOCK PURCHASE WARRANT
 
abt HOLDINGS, inc.
 
Warrant Shares: 11,600,000 	Initial Exercise Date: October 7, 2016
 
This COMMON STOCK PURCHASE WARRANT (the “Warrant”) certifies that, for 
value received, Hillair Capital Investments L.P. or its assigns (the “
Holder”) is entitled, upon the terms and subject to the limitations on 
exercise and the conditions hereinafter set forth, at any time on or after 
the date hereof (the “Initial Exercise Date”) and on or prior to the close 
of business on the five (5) year anniversary of the Initial Exercise Date 
(the “Termination Date”) but not thereafter, to subscribe for and purchase 
from ABT Holdings, Inc., an Idaho corporation (the “Company”), up to 
11,600,000 shares (as subject to adjustment hereunder, the “Warrant Shares
”) of Common Stock. The purchase price of one (1) share of Common Stock 
under this Warrant shall be equal to the Exercise Price, as defined in 
Section 2(b).
 
Section 1.  Definitions. Capitalized terms used and not otherwise defined 
herein shall have the meanings set forth in that certain Securities 
Purchase Agreement (the “Purchase Agreement”), dated as of October 7, 2016, 
among the Company and the Purchasers signatory thereto.
 

 

 

 
Section 2.  Exercise.
 
    a)  Exercise of Warrant. Exercise of the purchase rights represented by
    this Warrant may be made, in whole or in part, at any time or times on
    or after the Initial Exercise Date and on or before the Termination
    Date by delivery to the Company (or such other office or agency of the
    Company as it may designate by notice in writing to the registered
    Holder at the address of the Holder appearing on the books of the
    Company) of a duly executed facsimile copy (or e-mail attachment) of
    the Notice of Exercise in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A and
    within three (3) Trading Days of the date said Notice of Exercise is
    delivered to the Company, the Company shall have received payment of
    the aggregate Exercise Price of the shares thereby purchased by wire
    transfer or cashier’s check drawn on a United States bank or, if
    available, pursuant to the cashless exercise procedure specified in
    Section 2(c) below. No ink-original Notice of Exercise shall be
    required, nor shall any medallion guarantee (or other type of guarantee
    or notarization) of any Notice of Exercise form be required.
    Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Holder shall not
    be required to physically surrender this Warrant to the Company until
    the Holder has purchased all of the Warrant Shares available hereunder
    and the Warrant has been exercised in full, in which case, the Holder
    shall surrender this Warrant to the Company for cancellation within
    three (3) Trading Days of the date the final Notice of Exercise is
    delivered to the Company. Partial exercises of this Warrant resulting
    in purchases of a portion of the total number of Warrant Shares
    available hereunder shall have the effect of lowering the outstanding
    number of Warrant Shares purchasable hereunder in an amount equal to
    the applicable number of Warrant Shares purchased. The Holder and the
    Company shall maintain records showing the number of Warrant Shares
    purchased and the date of such purchases. The Company shall deliver any
    objection to any Notice of Exercise within one (1) Business Day of
    receipt of such notice. The Holder and any assignee, by acceptance of
    this Warrant, acknowledge and agree that, by reason of the provisions
    of this Section 2(a), following the purchase of a portion of the
    Warrant Shares hereunder, the number of Warrant Shares available for
    purchase hereunder at any given time may be less than the amount stated
    on the face hereof.
     
    b)  Exercise Price. The exercise price per share of the Common Stock
    under this Warrant shall be $0.50, subject to adjustment hereunder (the
    “Exercise Price”). In addition to the other adjustments provided
    herein, upon any adjustment to the Conversion Price of the Debentures
    as contemplated by Section 4(b) of the Debentures, the Exercise Price
    shall be reduced, and only reduced, to the lesser of (i) the then
    effective Exercise Price, as adjusted, or (ii) the Conversion Price, as
    adjusted under Section 4(b) of the Debentures, and the number of
    Warrant Shares issuable hereunder shall be increased such that the
    aggregate Exercise Price payable hereunder, after taking into account
    the decrease in the Exercise Price, shall be equal to the aggregate
    Exercise Price prior to such adjustment. The Company shall promptly
    notify each Holder of the applicable adjustment to the Exercise Price
    as a result of any Dilutive Issuance (as defined in the Debentures) (an
    “Adjustment Notice”). For purposes of clarification, whether or not the
    Company provides an Adjustment Notice pursuant to this Section 2(b),
    each Holder shall receive Warrant Shares based upon the Exercise Price
    as adjusted pursuant to this Section 2(b), regardless of whether a
    Holder accurately refers to such price in any Notice of Exercise.
     

  	2 	 

 

     
    c)  Cashless Exercise. If at any time there is no effective
    Registration Statement registering, or no current prospectus available
    for, the resale of the Warrant Shares by the Holder, then this Warrant
    may also be exercised, in whole or in part, at such time by means of a
    “cashless exercise” in which the Holder shall be entitled to receive a
    number of Warrant Shares equal to the quotient obtained by dividing
    [(A-B) (X)] by (A), where:
     
  	(A) 	= 	the VWAP on the Trading Day immediately preceding the date on 
which Holder elects to exercise this Warrant by means of a “cashless 
exercise,” as set forth in the applicable Notice of Exercise;
  	  	  	 
  	(B) 	= 	the Exercise Price of this Warrant, as adjusted hereunder; and
  	  	  	 
  	(X) 	= 	the number of Warrant Shares that would be issuable upon 
exercise of this Warrant in accordance with the terms of this Warrant if 
such exercise were by means of a cash exercise rather than a cashless 
exercise.
           
    If Warrant Shares are issued in such a cashless exercise, the parties
    acknowledge and agree that in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the
    Securities Act, the Warrant Shares shall take on the characteristics of
    the Warrants being exercised, and the holding period of the Warrants
    being exercised may be tacked on to the holding period of the Warrant
    Shares. The Company agrees not to take any position contrary to this
    Section 2(c).
     
    “VWAP” means, for any date, the price determined by the first of the
    following clauses that applies: (a) if the Common Stock is then listed
    or quoted on a Trading Market, the daily volume weighted average price
    of the Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date) on
    the Trading Market on which the Common Stock is then listed or quoted
    as reported by Bloomberg L.P. (based on a Trading Day from 9:30 a.m.
    (New York City time) to 4:02 p.m. (New York City time)), (b) if OTCQB
    or OTCQX is not a Trading Market, the volume weighted average price of
    the Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date) on OTCQB
    or OTCQX as applicable, (c) if the Common Stock is not then listed or
    quoted for trading on OTCQB or OTCQX and if prices for the Common Stock
    are then reported in the “Pink Sheets” published by OTC Markets, Inc.
    (or a similar organization or agency succeeding to its functions of
    reporting prices), the most recent bid price per share of the Common
    Stock so reported, or (d) in all other cases, the fair market value of
    a share of Common Stock as determined by an independent appraiser
    selected in good faith by the Purchasers of a majority in interest of
    the Securities then outstanding and reasonably acceptable to the
    Company, the fees and expenses of which shall be paid by the Company.
     
    Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, on the Termination
    Date, this Warrant shall be automatically exercised via cashless
    exercise pursuant to this Section 2(c).
     

  	3 	 

 

     
d) 	Mechanics of Exercise.
                
            i.  Delivery of Warrant Shares Upon Exercise. Warrant Shares
            purchased hereunder shall be transmitted by the Transfer Agent
            to the Holder by crediting the account of the Holder’s or its
            designee’s balance account with The Depository Trust Company
            through its Deposit or Withdrawal at Custodian system (“DWAC”)
            if the Company is then a participant in such system and either
            (A) there is an effective registration statement permitting the
            issuance of the Warrant Shares to or resale of the Warrant
            Shares by the Holder or (B) the Warrant Shares are eligible for
            resale by the Holder without volume or manner of sale
            limitations pursuant to Rule 144, and otherwise by physical
            delivery of a certificate, registered in the Company’s share
            register in the name of the Holder or its designee, for the
            number of Warrant Shares to which the Holder is entitled
            pursuant to such exercise to the address specified by the
            Holder in the Notice of Exercise by the date that is three (3)
            Trading Days after the delivery to the Company of the Notice of
            Exercise (such date, the “Warrant Share Delivery Date”). The
            Warrant Shares shall be deemed to have been issued, and Holder
            or any other person so designated to be named therein shall be
            deemed to have become a holder of record of such shares for all
            purposes, as of the date the Warrant has been exercised, with
            payment to the Company of the Exercise Price (or by cashless
            exercise, if permitted) and all taxes required to be paid by
            the Holder, if any, pursuant to Section 2(d)(vi) prior to the
            issuance of such shares, having been paid. If the Company fails
            for any reason to deliver to the Holder the Warrant Shares
            subject to a Notice of Exercise by the Warrant Share Delivery
            Date, the Company shall pay to the Holder, in cash, as
            liquidated damages and not as a penalty, for each $1,000 of
            Warrant Shares subject to such exercise (based on the VWAP of
            the Common Stock on the date of the applicable Notice of
            Exercise), $10 per Trading Day (increasing to $20 per Trading
            Day on the fifth (5th) Trading Day after such liquidated
            damages begin to accrue) for each Trading Day after such
            Warrant Share Delivery Date until such Warrant Shares are
            delivered or Holder rescinds such exercise.
             
            ii.  Delivery of New Warrants Upon Exercise. If this Warrant
            shall have been exercised in part, the Company shall, at the
            request of a Holder and upon surrender of this Warrant
            certificate, at the time of delivery of the Warrant Shares,
            deliver to the Holder a new Warrant evidencing the rights of
            the Holder to purchase the unpurchased Warrant Shares called
            for by this Warrant, which new Warrant shall in all other
            respects be identical to this Warrant.
             
            iii.  Rescission Rights. If the Company fails to cause the
            Transfer Agent to transmit to the Holder the Warrant Shares
            pursuant to Section 2(d)(i) by the Warrant Share Delivery Date,
            then the Holder will have the right to rescind such exercise.
             

  	4 	 

 

             
            iv.  Compensation for Buy-In on Failure to Timely Deliver
            Warrant Shares Upon Exercise. In addition to any other rights
            available to the Holder, if the Company fails to cause the
            Transfer Agent to transmit to the Holder the Warrant Shares by
            the Warrant Share Delivery Date pursuant to an exercise in
            accordance with the provisions of Section 2(d)(i) above, and if
            after such Warrant Share Delivery Date the Holder is required
            by its broker to purchase (in an open market transaction or
            otherwise) or the Holder’s brokerage firm otherwise purchases,
            shares of Common Stock to deliver in satisfaction of a sale by
            the Holder of the Warrant Shares which the Holder anticipated
            receiving upon such exercise (a “Buy-In”), then the Company
            shall (A) pay in cash to the Holder the amount, if any, by
            which (x) the Holder’s total purchase price (including
            brokerage commissions and other out-of-pocket expenses, if any)
            for the shares of Common Stock so purchased exceeds (y) the
            product of (1) the number of Warrant Shares that the Company
            was required to deliver to the Holder in connection with the
            exercise at issue multiplied by (2) the price at which the sell
            order giving rise to such purchase obligation was executed, and
            (B) at the option of the Holder, either reinstate the portion
            of the Warrant and equivalent number of Warrant Shares for
            which such exercise was not honored (in which case such
            exercise shall be deemed rescinded) or deliver to the Holder
            the number of shares of Common Stock that would have been
            issued had the Company timely complied with its exercise and
            delivery obligations hereunder. For example, if the Holder
            purchases Common Stock having a total purchase price of $11,000
            to cover a Buy-In with respect to an attempted exercise of
            shares of Common Stock with an aggregate sale price giving rise
            to such purchase obligation of $10,000, then under clause (A)
            of the immediately preceding sentence, the Company shall be
            required to pay the Holder $1,000. The Holder shall provide the
            Company written notice indicating the amounts payable to the
            Holder in respect of the Buy-In and, upon request of the
            Company, evidence of the amount of such loss. Nothing herein
            shall limit a Holder’s right to pursue any other remedies
            available to it hereunder, at law or in equity including,
            without limitation, a decree of specific performance and/or
            injunctive relief with respect to the Company’s failure to
            timely deliver shares of Common Stock upon exercise of the
            Warrant as required pursuant to the terms hereof.
             
            v.  No Fractional Shares or Scrip. No fractional shares or
            scrip representing fractional shares shall be issued upon the
            exercise of this Warrant. As to any fraction of a share which
            the Holder would otherwise be entitled to purchase upon such
            exercise, the Company shall, at its election, either pay a cash
            adjustment in respect of such final fraction in an amount equal
            to such fraction multiplied by the Exercise Price or round up
            to the next whole share.
             

  	5 	 

 

             
            vi.  Charges, Taxes and Expenses. Issuance of Warrant Shares
            shall be made without charge to the Holder for any issue or
            transfer tax or other incidental expense in respect of the
            issuance of Warrant Shares, all of which taxes and expenses
            shall be paid by the Company, and such Warrant Shares shall be
            issued in the name of the Holder or in such name or names as
            may be directed by the Holder; provided, however, that in the
            event that Warrant Shares are to be issued in a name other than
            the name of the Holder, this Warrant when surrendered for
            exercise shall be accompanied by the Assignment Form in the
            form attached hereto as Exhibit B (the “Assignment Form”) duly
            executed by the Holder, and the Company may require, as a
            condition thereto, the payment of a sum sufficient to reimburse
            it for any transfer tax incidental thereto. The Company shall
            pay all Transfer Agent fees required for same-day processing of
            any Notice of Exercise and all fees to the Depository Trust
            Company (or another established clearing corporation performing
            similar functions) required for same-day electronic delivery of
            the Warrant Shares.
             
            vii.  Closing of Books. The Company will not close its
            stockholder books or records in any manner which prevents the
            timely exercise of this Warrant, pursuant to the terms hereof.
             
        e)  Holder’s Exercise Limitations. The Company shall not effect any
        exercise of this Warrant, and a Holder shall not have the right to
        exercise any portion of this Warrant, pursuant to Section 2 or
        otherwise, to the extent that after giving effect to such issuance
        after exercise as set forth on the applicable Notice of Exercise,
        the Holder (together with the Holder’s Affiliates, and any other
        Persons acting as a group together with the Holder or any of the
        Holder’s Affiliates), would beneficially own in excess of the
        Beneficial Ownership Limitation (as defined below). For purposes of
        the foregoing sentence, the number of shares of Common Stock
        beneficially owned by the Holder and its Affiliates shall include
        the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of this
        Warrant with respect to which such determination is being made, but
        shall exclude the number of shares of Common Stock which would be
        issuable upon (i) exercise of the remaining, nonexercised portion
        of this Warrant beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its
        Affiliates and (ii) exercise or conversion of the unexercised or
        nonconverted portion of any other securities of the Company
        (including, without limitation, any other Common Stock Equivalents)
        subject to a limitation on conversion or exercise analogous to the
        limitation contained herein beneficially owned by the Holder or any
        of its Affiliates. Except as set forth in the preceding sentence,
        for purposes of this Section 2(e), beneficial ownership shall be
        calculated in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and
        the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, it being
        acknowledged by the Holder that the Company is not representing to
        the Holder that such calculation is in compliance with Section
        13(d) of the Exchange Act and the Holder is solely responsible for
        any schedules required to be filed in accordance therewith. To the
        extent that the limitation contained in this Section 2(e) applies,
        the determination of whether this Warrant is exercisable (in
        relation to other securities owned by the Holder together with any
        Affiliates) and of which portion of this Warrant is exercisable
        shall be in the sole discretion of the Holder, and the submission
        of a Notice of Exercise shall be deemed to be the Holder’s
        determination of whether this Warrant is exercisable (in relation
        to other securities owned by the Holder together with any
        Affiliates) and of which portion of this Warrant is exercisable, in
        each case subject to the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, and the
        Company shall have no obligation to verify or confirm the accuracy
        of such determination. In addition, a determination as to any group
        status as contemplated above shall be determined in accordance with
        Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations
        promulgated thereunder. For purposes of this Section 2(e), in
        determining the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock, a
        Holder may rely on the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock
        as reflected in (A) the Company’s most recent periodic or annual
        report filed with the Commission or made available through the OTC
        Disclosure & News Service, as the case may be, (B) a more recent
        public announcement by the Company, or (C) a more recent written
        notice by the Company or the Transfer Agent setting forth the
        number of shares of Common Stock outstanding. Upon the written or
        oral request of a Holder, the Company shall within two (2) Trading
        Days confirm orally and in writing to the Holder the number of
        shares of Common Stock then outstanding. In any case, the number of
        outstanding shares of Common Stock shall be determined after giving
        effect to the conversion or exercise of securities of the Company,
        including this Warrant, by the Holder or its Affiliates since the
        date as of which such number of outstanding shares of Common Stock
        was reported. The “Beneficial Ownership Limitation” shall be 4.99%
        of the number of shares of the Common Stock outstanding immediately
        after giving effect to the issuance of shares of Common Stock
        issuable upon exercise of this Warrant. The Holder, upon not less
        than 61 days’ prior notice to the Company, may increase or decrease
        the Beneficial Ownership Limitation provisions of this Section
        2(e); provided, that the Beneficial Ownership Limitation in no
        event exceeds 9.99% of the number of shares of the Common Stock
        outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance of
        shares of Common Stock upon exercise of this Warrant and the
        provisions of this Section 2(e) shall continue to apply with
        respect to such increased or decreased Beneficial Ownership
        Limitation, as the case may be. Any such increase or decrease in
        the Beneficial Ownership Limitation will not be effective until the
        sixty-first (61st) day after such notice is delivered to the
        Company. The provisions of this Section 2(e) shall be construed and
        implemented in a manner otherwise than in strict conformity with
        the terms of this Section 2(e) to correct this paragraph (or any
        portion hereof) which may be defective or inconsistent with the
        intended Beneficial Ownership Limitation herein contained or to
        make changes or supplements necessary or desirable to properly give
        effect to such limitation. The limitations contained in this
        Section 2(e) shall apply to a successor holder of this Warrant.
         

  	6 	 

 

         
Section 3.  Certain Adjustments.
 
    a)  Stock Dividends and Splits. If the Company, at any time while this
    Warrant is outstanding: (i) pays a stock dividend or otherwise makes a
    distribution or distributions on shares of its Common Stock or any
    other equity or equity equivalent securities payable in shares of
    Common Stock (which, for the avoidance of doubt, shall not include any
    shares of Common Stock issued by the Company upon exercise of this
    Warrant), (ii) subdivides outstanding shares of Common Stock into a
    larger number of shares, (iii) combines (including by way of reverse
    stock split) outstanding shares of Common Stock into a smaller number
    of shares or (iv) issues by reclassification of shares of the Common
    Stock any shares of capital stock of the Company, then in each case the
    Exercise Price shall be multiplied by a fraction of which the numerator
    shall be the number of shares of Common Stock (excluding treasury
    shares, if any) outstanding immediately before such event and of which
    the denominator shall be the number of shares of Common Stock
    outstanding immediately after such event, and the number of shares
    issuable upon exercise of this Warrant shall be proportionately
    adjusted such that the aggregate Exercise Price of this Warrant shall
    remain unchanged. Any adjustment made pursuant to this Section 3(a)
    shall become effective immediately after the record date for the
    determination of stockholders entitled to receive such dividend or
    distribution and shall become effective immediately after the effective
    date in the case of a subdivision, combination or reclassification.
     
    b)  Certain Adjustments.
     
        i.  Subsequent Equity Sales. If, at any time while this Warrant is
        outstanding, the Company or any Subsidiary, as applicable, sells or
        grants any option to purchase or sells or grants any right to
        reprice, or otherwise disposes of or issues (or announces any sale,
        grant or any option to purchase or other disposition), any Common
        Stock or Common Stock Equivalents entitling any Person to acquire
        shares of Common Stock at an effective price per share that is
        lower than the then Exercise Price (such lower price, the “Base
        Exercise Price” and such issuances, collectively, a “Dilutive
        Issuance”) (if the holder of the Common Stock or Common Stock
        Equivalents so issued shall at any time, whether by operation of
        purchase price adjustments, reset provisions, floating conversion,
        exercise or exchange prices or otherwise, or due to warrants,
        options or rights per share which are issued in connection with
        such issuance, be entitled to receive shares of Common Stock at an
        effective price per share that is lower than the Exercise Price,
        such issuance shall be deemed to have occurred for less than the
        Exercise Price on such date of the Dilutive Issuance), then the
        Exercise Price shall be reduced to equal the Base Exercise Price.
        Such adjustment shall be made whenever such Common Stock or Common
        Stock Equivalents are issued. Notwithstanding the foregoing, no
        adjustment will be made under this Section 3(b) in respect of an
        Exempt Issuance and in no event shall the Exercise Price be reduced
        to less than $0.01 pursuant to this Section 3(b)(i). If the Company
        enters into a Variable Rate Transaction, despite the prohibition
        set forth in the Purchase Agreement, the Company shall be deemed to
        have issued Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents at the lowest
        possible conversion price at which such securities may be converted
        or exercised. The Company shall notify the Holder in writing, no
        later than the Trading Day following the issuance of any Common
        Stock or Common Stock Equivalents subject to this Section 3(b)(i),
        indicating therein the applicable issuance price, or applicable
        reset price, exchange price, conversion price and other pricing
        terms (such notice, the “Dilutive Issuance Notice”). For purposes
        of clarification, whether or not the Company provides a Dilutive
        Issuance Notice pursuant to this Section 3(b)(i), upon the
        occurrence of any Dilutive Issuance, the Holder is entitled to
        receive a number of Warrant Shares based upon the Base Exercise
        Price on or after the date of such Dilutive Issuance, regardless of
        whether the Holder accurately refers to the Base Exercise Price in
        the Notice of Conversion.
         

  	7 	 

 

         
        ii.  Revenue Adjustment. In the event the revenue reported in the
        Company’s annual report for the year ended December 31, 2016, filed
        by March 31, 2017, is less than $20,000,000, then the Exercise
        Price will be reduced by a percentage equal to the percentage by
        which such reported revenue is less than $20,000,000. For example,
        if the Company reports revenue of $16,000,000 for fiscal year 2016,
        then the Exercise Price then in effect will be reduced by twenty
        percent (20%).
         
    c)  Subsequent Rights Offerings. In addition to any adjustments
    pursuant to Section 3(a) above, if at any time the Company grants,
    issues or sells any Common Stock Equivalents or rights to purchase
    stock, warrants, securities or other property pro rata to the record
    holders of any class of shares of Common Stock (the “Purchase Rights
    ”), then the Holder will be entitled to acquire, upon the terms
    applicable to such Purchase Rights, the aggregate Purchase Rights which
    the Holder could have acquired if the Holder had held the number of
    shares of Common Stock acquirable upon complete exercise of this
    Warrant (without regard to any limitations on exercise hereof,
    including, without limitation, the Beneficial Ownership Limitation)
    immediately before the date on which a record is taken for the grant,
    issuance or sale of such Purchase Rights, or, if no such record is
    taken, the date as of which the record holders of shares of Common
    Stock are to be determined for the grant, issue or sale of such
    Purchase Rights (provided, however, to the extent that the Holder’s
    right to participate in any such Purchase Right would result in the
    Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, then the Holder
    shall not be entitled to participate in such Purchase Right to such
    extent (or beneficial ownership of such shares of Common Stock as a
    result of such Purchase Right to such extent) and such Purchase Right
    to such extent shall be held in abeyance for the Holder until such
    time, if ever, as its right thereto would not result in the Holder
    exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation).
     
    d)  Pro Rata Distributions. During such time as this Warrant is
    outstanding, if the Company shall declare or make any dividend or other
    distribution of its assets (or rights to acquire its assets) to holders
    of shares of Common Stock, by way of return of capital or otherwise
    (including, without limitation, any distribution of cash, stock or
    other securities, property or options by way of a dividend, spin off,
    reclassification, corporate rearrangement, scheme of arrangement or
    other similar transaction) (a “Distribution”), at any time after the
    issuance of this Warrant, then, in each such case, the Holder shall be
    entitled to participate in such Distribution to the same extent that
    the Holder would have participated therein if the Holder had held the
    number of shares of Common Stock acquirable upon complete exercise of
    this Warrant (without regard to any limitations on exercise hereof,
    including, without limitation, the Beneficial Ownership Limitation)
    immediately before the date of which a record is taken for such
    Distribution, or, if no such record is taken, the date as of which the
    record holders of shares of Common Stock are to be determined for the
    participation in such Distribution (provided, however, to the extent
    that the Holder’s right to participate in any such Distribution would
    result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation,
    then the Holder shall not be entitled to participate in such
    Distribution to such extent (or in the beneficial ownership of any
    shares of Common Stock as a result of such Distribution to such extent)
    and the portion of such Distribution shall be held in abeyance for the
    benefit of the Holder until such time, if ever, as its right thereto
    would not result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership
    Limitation).
     

  	8 	 

 

     
    e)  Fundamental Transaction. If, at any time while this Warrant is
    outstanding, (i) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more
    related transactions effects any merger or consolidation of the Company
    with or into another Person, (ii) the Company, directly or indirectly,
    effects any sale, lease, license, assignment, transfer, conveyance or
    other disposition of all or substantially all of its assets in one (1)
    or a series of related transactions, (iii) any, direct or indirect,
    purchase offer, tender offer or exchange offer (whether by the Company
    or another Person) is completed pursuant to which holders of Common
    Stock are permitted to sell, tender or exchange their shares for other
    securities, cash or property and has been accepted by the holders of
    fifty percent (50%) or more of the outstanding Common Stock, (iv) the
    Company, directly or indirectly, in one (1) or more related
    transactions effects any reclassification, reorganization or
    recapitalization of the Common Stock or any compulsory share exchange
    pursuant to which the Common Stock is effectively converted into or
    exchanged for other securities, cash or property, or (v) the Company,
    directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions consummates
    a stock or share purchase agreement or other business combination
    (including, without limitation, a reorganization, recapitalization,
    spin-off or scheme of arrangement) with another Person or group of
    Persons whereby such other Person or group acquires more than fifty
    percent (50%) of the outstanding shares of Common Stock (not including
    any shares of Common Stock held by the other Person or other Persons
    making or party to, or associated or affiliated with the other Persons
    making or party to, such stock or share purchase agreement or other
    business combination) (each a “Fundamental Transaction”), then, upon
    any subsequent exercise of this Warrant, the Holder shall have the
    right to receive, for each Warrant Share that would have been issuable
    upon such exercise immediately prior to the occurrence of such
    Fundamental Transaction, at the option of the Holder (without regard to
    any limitation in Section 2(e) on the exercise of this Warrant), the
    number of shares of Common Stock of the successor or acquiring
    corporation or of the Company, if it is the surviving corporation, and
    any additional consideration (the “Alternate Consideration”) receivable
    as a result of such Fundamental Transaction by a holder of the number
    of shares of Common Stock for which this Warrant is exercisable
    immediately prior to such Fundamental Transaction (without regard to
    any limitation in Section 2(e) on the exercise of this Warrant). For
    purposes of any such exercise, the determination of the Exercise Price
    shall be appropriately adjusted to apply to such Alternate
    Consideration based on the amount of Alternate Consideration issuable
    in respect of one (1) share of Common Stock in such Fundamental
    Transaction, and the Company shall apportion the Exercise Price among
    the Alternate Consideration in a reasonable manner reflecting the
    relative value of any different components of the Alternate
    Consideration. If holders of Common Stock are given any choice as to
    the securities, cash or property to be received in a Fundamental
    Transaction, then the Holder shall be given the same choice as to the
    Alternate Consideration it receives upon any exercise of this Warrant
    following such Fundamental Transaction. Notwithstanding anything to the
    contrary, in the event of a Fundamental Transaction, the Company or any
    Successor Entity (as defined below) shall, at the Holder’s option,
    exercisable at any time concurrently with, or within thirty (30) days
    after, the consummation of the Fundamental Transaction, purchase this
    Warrant from the Holder by paying to the Holder an amount of cash equal
    to the Black Scholes Value of the remaining unexercised portion of this
    Warrant on the date of the consummation of such Fundamental
    Transaction. “Black Scholes Value” means the value of this Warrant
    based on the Black and Scholes Option Pricing Model obtained from the
    “OV” function on Bloomberg, L.P. (“Bloomberg”) determined as of the day
    of consummation of the applicable Fundamental Transaction for pricing
    purposes and reflecting (A) a risk-free interest rate corresponding to
    the U.S. Treasury rate for a period equal to the time between the date
    of the public announcement of the applicable Fundamental Transaction
    and the Termination Date, (B) an expected volatility equal to the
    greater of one hundred percent (100%) and the one hundred (100) day
    volatility obtained from the HVT function on Bloomberg as of the
    Trading Day immediately following the public announcement of the
    applicable Fundamental Transaction, (C) the underlying price per share
    used in such calculation shall be the sum of the price per share being
    offered in cash, if any, plus the value of any non-cash consideration,
    if any, being offered in such Fundamental Transaction, and (D) a
    remaining option time equal to the time between the date of the public
    announcement of the applicable Fundamental Transaction and the
    Termination Date. The Company shall cause any successor entity in a
    Fundamental Transaction in which the Company is not the survivor (the “
    Successor Entity”) to assume in writing all of the obligations of the
    Company under this Warrant and the other Transaction Documents in
    accordance with the provisions of this Section 3(e) pursuant to written
    agreements in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Holder
    and approved by the Holder (without unreasonable delay) prior to such
    Fundamental Transaction and shall, at the option of the Holder, deliver
    to the Holder in exchange for this Warrant a security of the Successor
    Entity evidenced by a written instrument substantially similar in form
    and substance to this Warrant which is exercisable for a corresponding
    number of shares of capital stock of such Successor Entity (or its
    parent entity) equivalent to the shares of Common Stock acquirable and
    receivable upon exercise of this Warrant (without regard to any
    limitations on the exercise of this Warrant) prior to such Fundamental
    Transaction, and with an exercise price which applies the exercise
    price hereunder to such shares of capital stock (but taking into
    account the relative value of the shares of Common Stock pursuant to
    such Fundamental Transaction and the value of such shares of capital
    stock, such number of shares of capital stock and such exercise price
    being for the purpose of protecting the economic value of this Warrant
    immediately prior to the consummation of such Fundamental Transaction),
    and which is reasonably satisfactory in form and substance to the
    Holder. Upon the occurrence of any such Fundamental Transaction, the
    Successor Entity shall succeed to, and be substituted for (so that from
    and after the date of such Fundamental Transaction, the provisions of
    this Warrant and the other Transaction Documents referring to the
    “Company” shall refer instead to the Successor Entity), and may
    exercise every right and power of the Company and shall assume all of
    the obligations of the Company under this Warrant and the other
    Transaction Documents with the same effect as if such Successor Entity
    had been named as the Company herein.
     

  	9 	 

 

     
    f)  Calculations. All calculations under this Section 3 shall be made
    to the nearest cent or the nearest 1/100th of a share, as the case may
    be. For purposes of this Section 3, the number of shares of Common
    Stock deemed to be issued and outstanding as of a given date shall be
    the sum of the number of shares of Common Stock (excluding treasury
    shares, if any) issued and outstanding.
     
    g)  Notice to Holder.
     
            i.  Adjustment to Exercise Price. Whenever the Exercise Price
            is adjusted pursuant to any provision of this Section 3, the
            Company shall promptly mail to the Holder a notice setting
            forth the Exercise Price after such adjustment and any
            resulting adjustment to the number of Warrant Shares and
            setting forth a brief statement of the facts requiring such
            adjustment.
             
            ii.  Notice to Allow Exercise by Holder. If (A) the Company
            shall declare a dividend (or any other distribution in whatever
            form) on the Common Stock, (B) the Company shall declare a
            special nonrecurring cash dividend on or a redemption of the
            Common Stock, (C) the Company shall authorize the granting to
            all holders of the Common Stock rights or warrants to subscribe
            for or purchase any shares of capital stock of any class or of
            any rights, (D) the approval of any stockholders of the Company
            shall be required in connection with any reclassification of
            the Common Stock, any consolidation or merger to which the
            Company is a party, any sale or transfer of all or
            substantially all of the assets of the Company, or any
            compulsory share exchange whereby the Common Stock is converted
            into other securities, cash or property, or (E) the Company
            shall authorize the voluntary or involuntary dissolution,
            liquidation or winding up of the affairs of the Company, then,
            in each case, the Company shall cause to be mailed to the
            Holder at its last address as it shall appear upon the Warrant
            Register of the Company, at least twenty (20) calendar days
            prior to the applicable record or effective date hereinafter
            specified, a notice stating (x) the date on which a record is
            to be taken for the purpose of such dividend, distribution,
            redemption, rights or warrants, or if a record is not to be
            taken, the date as of which the holders of the Common Stock of
            record to be entitled to such dividend, distributions,
            redemption, rights or warrants are to be determined or (y) the
            date on which such reclassification, consolidation, merger,
            sale, transfer, share exchange, dissolution, liquidation or
            winding up is expected to become effective or close, and the
            date as of which it is expected that holders of the Common
            Stock of record shall be entitled to exchange their shares of
            the Common Stock for securities, cash or other property
            deliverable upon such reclassification, consolidation, merger,
            sale, transfer, share exchange, dissolution, liquidation or
            winding up; provided, that the failure to mail such notice or
            any defect therein or in the mailing thereof shall not affect
            the validity of the corporate action required to be specified
            in such notice. To the extent that any notice provided in this
            Warrant constitutes, or contains, material, non-public
            information regarding the Company or any of the Subsidiaries,
            the Company shall simultaneously (i) if prior to the Public
            Company Date, issue a press release disclosing the material,
            non-public information contained in such notice, or (ii) if
            after the Public Company Date, file such notice with the
            Commission pursuant to a Current Report on Form 8-K. The Holder
            shall remain entitled to exercise this Warrant during the
            period commencing on the date of such notice to the effective
            date of the event triggering such notice except as may
            otherwise be expressly set forth herein.
             

  	10 	 

 

             
Section 4.   Transfer of Warrant.
 
    a)  Transferability. Subject to compliance with any applicable
    securities laws and the conditions set forth in Section 4(d) hereof and
    to the provisions of Section 4.1 of the Purchase Agreement, this
    Warrant and all rights hereunder (including, without limitation, any
    registration rights) are transferable, in whole or in part, upon
    surrender of this Warrant at the principal office of the Company or its
    designated agent, together with an Assignment Form with respect to this
    Warrant duly executed by the Holder or its agent or attorney and funds
    sufficient to pay any transfer taxes payable upon the making of such
    transfer. Upon such surrender and, if required, such payment, the
    Company shall execute and deliver a new Warrant or Warrants in the name
    of the assignee or assignees, as applicable, and in the denomination or
    denominations specified in such instrument of assignment, and shall
    issue to the assignor a new Warrant evidencing the portion of this
    Warrant not so assigned, and this Warrant shall promptly be cancelled.
    Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Holder shall not
    be required to physically surrender this Warrant to the Company unless
    the Holder has assigned this Warrant in full, in which case, the Holder
    shall surrender this Warrant to the Company within three (3) Trading
    Days of the date the Holder delivers an Assignment Form to the Company
    assigning this Warrant in full. The Warrant, if properly assigned in
    accordance herewith, may be exercised by a new holder for the purchase
    of Warrant Shares without having a new Warrant issued.
     
    b)  New Warrants. This Warrant may be divided or combined with other
    Warrants upon presentation hereof at the aforesaid office of the
    Company, together with a written notice specifying the names and
    denominations in which new Warrants are to be issued, signed by the
    Holder or its agent or attorney. Subject to compliance with Section
    4(a), as to any transfer which may be involved in such division or
    combination, the Company shall execute and deliver a new Warrant or
    Warrants in exchange for the Warrant or Warrants to be divided or
    combined in accordance with such notice. All Warrants issued on
    transfers or exchanges shall be dated the Initial Exercise Date and
    shall be identical with this Warrant except as to the number of Warrant
    Shares issuable pursuant thereto.
     

  	11 	 

 

     
    c)  Warrant Register. The Company shall register this Warrant, upon
    records to be maintained by the Company for that purpose (the “Warrant
    Register”), in the name of the record Holder hereof from time to time.
    The Company may deem and treat the registered Holder of this Warrant as
    the absolute owner hereof for the purpose of any exercise hereof or any
    distribution to the Holder, and for all other purposes, absent actual
    notice to the contrary.
     
    d)  Transfer Restrictions. If, at the time of the surrender of this
    Warrant in connection with any transfer of this Warrant, the transfer
    of this Warrant shall not be either (i) registered pursuant to an
    effective registration statement under the Securities Act and under
    applicable state securities or blue sky laws or (ii) eligible for
    resale without volume or manner-of-sale restrictions or current public
    information requirements pursuant to Rule 144, the Company may require,
    as a condition of allowing such transfer, that the Holder or transferee
    of this Warrant, as the case may be, comply with the provisions of
    Section 5.7 of the Purchase Agreement.
     
    e)  Representation by the Holder. The Holder, by the acceptance hereof,
    represents and warrants that it is acquiring this Warrant and, upon any
    exercise hereof, will acquire the Warrant Shares issuable upon such
    exercise, for its own account and not with a view to or for
    distributing or reselling such Warrant Shares or any part thereof in
    violation of the Securities Act or any applicable state securities law,
    except pursuant to sales registered under or exempted from registration
    under the Securities Act.
     
Section 5.  Miscellaneous.
 
    a)  No Rights as Stockholder Until Exercise. This Warrant does not
    entitle the Holder to any voting rights, dividends or other rights as a
    stockholder of the Company prior to the exercise hereof as set forth in
    Section 2(d)(i), except as expressly set forth in Section 3.
     
    b)  Loss, Theft, Destruction or Mutilation of Warrant. The Company
    covenants that upon receipt by the Company of evidence reasonably
    satisfactory to it of the loss, theft, destruction or mutilation of
    this Warrant or any stock certificate relating to the Warrant Shares,
    and in case of loss, theft or destruction, of indemnity or security
    reasonably satisfactory to it (which, in the case of the Warrant, shall
    not include the posting of any bond), and upon surrender and
    cancellation of such Warrant or stock certificate, if mutilated, the
    Company will make and deliver a new Warrant or stock certificate of
    like tenor and dated as of such cancellation, in lieu of such Warrant
    or stock certificate.
     
    c)  Saturdays, Sundays, Holidays, etc. If the last or appointed day for
    the taking of any action or the expiration of any right required or
    granted herein shall not be a Business Day, then, such action may be
    taken or such right may be exercised on the next succeeding Business
    Day.
     

  	12 	 

 

     
    d)  Authorized Shares.
     
        The Company covenants that, during the period the Warrant is
        outstanding, it will reserve from its authorized and unissued
        Common Stock a sufficient number of shares to provide for the
        issuance of the Warrant Shares upon the exercise of any purchase
        rights under this Warrant. The Company further covenants that its
        issuance of this Warrant shall constitute full authority to its
        officers who are charged with the duty of issuing the necessary
        Warrant Shares upon the exercise of the purchase rights under this
        Warrant. The Company will take all such reasonable action as may be
        necessary to assure that such Warrant Shares may be issued as
        provided herein without violation of any applicable law or
        regulation, or of any requirements of the Trading Market upon which
        the Common Stock may be listed. The Company covenants that all
        Warrant Shares which may be issued upon the exercise of the
        purchase rights represented by this Warrant will, upon exercise of
        the purchase rights represented by this Warrant and payment for
        such Warrant Shares in accordance herewith, be duly authorized,
        validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable and free from all
        taxes, liens and charges created by the Company in respect of the
        issue thereof (other than taxes in respect of any transfer
        occurring contemporaneously with such issue).
         
        Except and to the extent as waived or consented to by the Holder,
        the Company shall not by any action, including, without limitation,
        amending its certificate of incorporation or through any
        reorganization, transfer of assets, consolidation, merger,
        dissolution, issue or sale of securities or any other voluntary
        action, avoid or seek to avoid the observance or performance of any
        of the terms of this Warrant, but will at all times in good faith
        assist in the carrying out of all such terms and in the taking of
        all such actions as may be necessary or appropriate to protect the
        rights of Holder as set forth in this Warrant against impairment.
        Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Company will
        (i) not increase the par value of any Warrant Shares above the
        amount payable therefor upon such exercise immediately prior to
        such increase in par value, (ii) take all such action as may be
        necessary or appropriate in order that the Company may validly and
        legally issue fully paid and nonassessable Warrant Shares upon the
        exercise of this Warrant, and (iii) use commercially reasonable
        efforts to obtain all such authorizations, exemptions or consents
        from any public regulatory body having jurisdiction thereof, as may
        be, necessary to enable the Company to perform its obligations
        under this Warrant.
         
        Before taking any action which would result in an adjustment in the
        number of Warrant Shares for which this Warrant is exercisable or
        in the Exercise Price, the Company shall obtain all such
        authorizations or exemptions thereof, or consents thereto, as may
        be necessary from any public regulatory body or bodies having
        jurisdiction thereof.
         
    e)  Jurisdiction. All questions concerning the construction, validity,
    enforcement and interpretation of this Warrant shall be determined in
    accordance with the provisions of the Purchase Agreement.
     

  	13 	 

 

     
    f)   Restrictions. The Holder acknowledges that the Warrant Shares
    acquired upon the exercise of this Warrant, if not registered and the
    Holder does not utilize cashless exercise, will have restrictions upon
    resale imposed by state and federal securities laws.
     
    g)  Nonwaiver and Expenses. No course of dealing or any delay or
    failure to exercise any right hereunder on the part of Holder shall
    operate as a waiver of such right or otherwise prejudice the Holder’s
    rights, powers or remedies, notwithstanding the fact that all rights
    hereunder terminate on the Termination Date. If the Company willfully
    and knowingly fails to comply with any provision of this Warrant, which
    results in any material damages to the Holder, the Company shall pay to
    the Holder such amounts as shall be sufficient to cover any costs and
    expenses including, but not limited to, reasonable attorneys’ fees,
    including those of appellate proceedings, incurred by the Holder in
    collecting any amounts due pursuant hereto or in otherwise enforcing
    any of its rights, powers or remedies hereunder.
     
    h)  Notices. Any notice, request or other document required or
    permitted to be given or delivered to the Holder by the Company shall
    be delivered in accordance with the notice provisions of the Purchase
    Agreement.
     
    i)   Limitation of Liability. No provision hereof, in the absence of
    any affirmative action by the Holder to exercise this Warrant to
    purchase Warrant Shares, and no enumeration herein of the rights or
    privileges of the Holder, shall give rise to any liability of the
    Holder for the purchase price of any Common Stock or as a stockholder
    of the Company, whether such liability is asserted by the Company or by
    creditors of the Company.
     
    j)  Remedies. The Holder, in addition to being entitled to exercise all
    rights granted by law, including recovery of damages, will be entitled
    to specific performance of its rights under this Warrant. The Company
    agrees that monetary damages would not be adequate compensation for any
    loss incurred by reason of a breach by it of the provisions of this
    Warrant and hereby agrees to waive and not to assert the defense in any
    action for specific performance that a remedy at law would be adequate.
     
    k)  Successors and Assigns. Subject to applicable securities laws, this
    Warrant and the rights and obligations evidenced hereby shall inure to
    the benefit of and be binding upon the successors and permitted assigns
    of the Company and the successors and permitted assigns of Holder. The
    provisions of this Warrant are intended to be for the benefit of any
    Holder from time to time of this Warrant and shall be enforceable by
    the Holder or holder of Warrant Shares.
     
    l)   Amendment. This Warrant may only be modified or amended or the
    provisions hereof waived with the prior written consent of the Company
    and the Holder.
     
    m)  Severability. Wherever possible, each provision of this Warrant
    shall be interpreted in such manner as to be effective and valid under
    applicable law, but if any provision of this Warrant shall be
    prohibited by or invalid under applicable law, such provision shall be
    ineffective to the extent of such prohibition or invalidity, without
    invalidating the remainder of such provisions or the remaining
    provisions of this Warrant.
     
    n)  Headings. The headings used in this Warrant are for the convenience
    of reference only and shall not, for any purpose, be deemed a part of
    this Warrant.
 
********************
 
(Signature Page Follows)
 

  	14 	 

 

 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this Warrant to be executed by 
its officer thereunto duly authorized as of the date first above indicated.
 
  	ABT HOLDINGS, inc.
  	 
  	By: 	 
  	  	Name:
  	  	Title:
 

  	15 	 

 

 
EXHIBIT A
 
NOTICE OF EXERCISE
 
To: 	abt HOLDINGS, inc.
 
(1)  The undersigned hereby elects to purchase 11,600,000 Warrant Shares of 
the Company pursuant to the terms of the attached Warrant (only if 
exercised in full), and tenders herewith payment of the exercise price in 
full, together with all applicable transfer taxes, if any.
 
(2)  Payment shall take the form of (check applicable box):
 
            [  ] in lawful money of the United States; or
             
            [  ] if permitted, the cancellation of such number of Warrant
            Shares as is necessary, in accordance with the formula set
            forth in Section 2(c), to exercise this Warrant with respect to
            the maximum number of Warrant Shares purchasable pursuant to
            the cashless exercise procedure set forth in Section 2(c).
             
(3)  Please issue said Warrant Shares in the name of the undersigned or in 
such other name as is specified below:
 
_______________________________
 
The Warrant Shares shall be delivered to the following DWAC Account Number:
 
_______________________________
 
_______________________________
 
_______________________________
 
(4) Accredited Investor. The undersigned is an “accredited investor” as 
defined in Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933, as 
amended.
 
[SIGNATURE OF HOLDER]
 
Name of Investing Entity: 
________________________________________________________________________
Signature of Authorized Signatory of Investing Entity: 
_________________________________________________
Name of Authorized Signatory: 
___________________________________________________________________
Title of Authorized Signatory: 
____________________________________________________________________
Date: 
________________________________________________________________________________________
 

 

 
 
EXHIBIT B
 
ASSIGNMENT FORM
 
(To assign the foregoing Warrant, execute this form and supply required 
information. Do not use this form to purchase shares.)
 
FOR VALUE RECEIVED, the foregoing Warrant and all rights evidenced thereby 
are hereby assigned to
 
Name: 	 
  	(Please Print)
  	 
Address: 	
  	(Please Print)
 
Dated: _______________ __, ______ 	 
Holder’s Signature: __________________ 	  	 
Holder’s Address: ___________________ 	  	 
 
 
 
 