 EX-10.11 2 exhibit1011q416.htm EXHIBIT 10.11
Exhibit 10.11




APOLLO GLOBAL MANAGEMENT, LLC
EMPLOYMENT, NON-COMPETITION AND NON-SOLICITATION AGREEMENT


THIS EMPLOYMENT, NON-COMPETITION AND NON-SOLICITATION AGREEMENT (this “
Agreement”) is made and entered into as of January 4, 2017 (the “Effective 
Date”), by and between Apollo Global Management, LLC, a Delaware limited 
liability company (the “Company”), and Leon D. Black (“Executive”). Where 
the context permits, references to the “Company” shall include the Company 
and any successor of the Company. Capitalized terms used herein that are 
not defined in the paragraph in which they first appear are defined in 
Section 5(b) or in the Agreement Among Principals.


WITNESSETH:


WHEREAS, the Company desires to secure the continued services of Executive 
for the benefit of the Company and its Affiliates (as defined below) from 
and after the Effective Date hereof; and


WHEREAS, Executive desires to continue to provide such services.


NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual promises, covenants and 
agreements herein contained, together with other good and valuable 
consideration the receipt of which is hereby acknowledged, the parties 
hereto do hereby agree as follows:


1.    SERVICES AND DUTIES. From and after the Effective Date, Executive 
shall be employed by the Company in the capacity of its Chairman and Chief 
Executive Officer. Executive shall be a full-time employee of the Company 
and shall dedicate substantially all of Executive’s working time to the 
Company and its Affiliates and shall have no other employment and no other 
business ventures which either are undisclosed to the Company or conflict 
with Executive’s duties under this Agreement. Executive will perform such 
duties as are required by the Company from time to time and normally 
associated with Executive’s position, together with such additional duties, 
commensurate with Executive’s positions with the Company and with its 
Affiliates, as may be assigned to Executive from time to time by the 
Governing Body. The “Governing Body” means AGM Management, LLC for so long 
as it is designated as the principal governing body of the Company pursuant 
to the Shareholders Agreement and thereafter, the Board. Notwithstanding 
the foregoing, nothing herein shall prohibit Executive from (i) subject to 
prior approval of the Governing Body, accepting directorships, roles 
equivalent to that of a non-executive chairman and roles that do not 
involve day-to-day operational involvement so long as in each case the role 
does not give rise to any conflicts of interest with the Company or its 
Affiliates and does not involve a Competing Business (defined below), (ii) 
accepting directorships, roles equivalent to that of a non-executive 
chairman and roles that do not involve day-to-day operational involvement 
so long as in each case the role does not give rise to any conflicts of 
interest with the Company or its Affiliates or involve a Competing Business 
and so long as the role is at a company that is an investment made by the 
Executive or a member of his Group (as defined below) in accordance with 
the requirements of the Code of Ethics and Clause F in Exhibit A, (iii) 
being actively involved in personal investing through the Family Office or 
otherwise so long as such involvement is consistent with the requirements 
of the Code of Ethics and Clause F in Exhibit A, (iv) engaging and being 
actively involved in charitable, cultural, educational and civic 
activities, so long as such outside interests do not interfere with the 
performance of Executive’s duties hereunder, or (v) engaging in a business 
of the Apollo Operating Group or a member or Subsidiary thereof or of any 
Person in which a member or Subsidiary of the Apollo Operating Group holds 
an Investment in each case on behalf of the Apollo Operating Group.


2.    TERM. Executive’s employment under the terms and conditions of this 
Agreement will commence on the Effective Date. The term of this Agreement 
(the “Term”) shall commence on the Effective Date and end on the third 
anniversary thereof. If the Term expires and Executive is employed by the 
Company thereafter, unless a new employment agreement has been entered 
into, such employment shall be “at-will.” Notwithstanding the foregoing 
provisions of this Section 2, Executive will have the right to voluntarily 
terminate his employment with the Company at any time, any such termination 
being effective on the date on which a written notice thereof is delivered 
to the Company pursuant to Section 8(a) hereof.


3.    COMPENSATION.


(a)    Base Salary. In consideration of Executive’s full and faithful 
satisfaction of Executive’s duties under this Agreement, the Company agrees 
to pay to Executive a salary in the amount of one hundred thousand dollars 
($100,000.00) per annum (the “Base Salary”), payable in such installments 
as the Company pays its similarly placed employees (but not less frequently 
than each calendar month), subject to usual and customary deductions for 
withholding taxes and similar charges, and customary employee contributions 
to the health, welfare and retirement programs in which Executive is 
enrolled from time to time.


(b)    Withholding. All taxable compensation payable to Executive pursuant 
to this Section 3 or otherwise pursuant to this Agreement shall be subject 
to customary deductions for withholding taxes and such other excise or 
employment taxes as are required under Federal law or the applicable law of 
any state or governmental body to be collected with respect to compensation 
paid by the Company to an employee.


4.    BENEFITS AND EXPENSE REIMBURSEMENT.


(a)    Retirement and Welfare Benefits. During the Term, Executive will be 
entitled to all the usual benefits offered to employees at Executive’s 
level, including sick time and participation in the Company’s medical, 
dental and insurance programs, subject to the applicable limitations and 
requirements imposed by the terms of such benefit plans, in each case in 
accordance with the terms of such plans as in effect from time to time. 
Nothing in this Section 4, however, shall require the Company to maintain 
any benefit plan or provide any type or level of benefits to its employees, 
including Executive.


(b)    Vacation/Paid Time Off. Executive will be entitled to vacation and 
paid time off (“PTO”) each year on the most favorable basis afforded to any 
employee pursuant to the Company’s policies as in effect from time to time.


(c)    Reimbursement of Expenses. The Company shall reimburse Executive for 
any expenses reasonably incurred by Executive in furtherance of Executive’s 
duties hereunder, including travel, meals and accommodations, upon 
submission by Executive of vouchers or receipts and in compliance with such 
rules and policies relating thereto as the Company may from time to time 
adopt.


5.    TERMINATION. Executive’s employment shall be terminated at the 
earliest to occur of (i) the date on which the Governing Body delivers 
written notice that Executive is being terminated as a result of a 
Disability (as defined below), or (ii) the date of Executive’s death. In 
addition, Executive’s employment with the Company may be terminated (i) by 
the Company for Cause (as defined below), effective on the date on which a 
written notice to such effect is delivered to Executive; or (ii) by 
Executive at any time, effective on the date on which a written notice to 
such effect is delivered to the Company. For the avoidance of doubt, this 
Agreement does not address the consequences of termination of Executive’s 
employment, if any, to the equity interests in the Company or its 
Affiliates held by Executive or members of his Group.


(a)     Termination by the Company with Cause or by Reason of Death or 
Disability or a Termination by Executive. If Executive’s employment with 
the Company is terminated by the Company with Cause or is terminated 
voluntarily by Executive or by reason of Executive’s death or Disability, 
Executive shall not be entitled to any further compensation or benefits 
other than accrued but unpaid Base Salary (payable as provided in Section 
3(a) hereof) and accrued and unused PTO pay through the date of such 
termination.


(b)     Definitions. For purposes of this Agreement:


“Affiliate” means an affiliate of the Company (or other referenced entity, 
as the case may be) as defined in Rule 405 promulgated under the Securities 
Act of 1933, as amended.


“Agreement Among Principals” means the Agreement Among Principals, by and 
among Leon D. Black, Marc J. Rowan, Joshua J. Harris, Black Family 
Partners, L.P., MJR Foundation LLC, MJH Partners, L.P., AP Professional 
Holdings, L.P. and BRH Holdings, L.P., as may be amended, modified, 
supplemented or restated from time to time.


“Cause” means (i) a final, non-appealable conviction of or plea of nolo 
contendere to a felony prohibiting Executive from continuing to provide 
services as an investment professional to the Company due to legal 
restriction or physical confinement; or (ii) ceasing to be eligible to 
continue performing services as an investment professional on behalf of the 
Company or any of its material Subsidiaries (as defined below), in each 
case, pursuant to a final, non-appealable legal restriction (such as a 
final, non-appealable injunction, but expressly excluding a preliminary 
injunction or other provisional restriction).


“Covered Business” has the meaning ascribed to it in the amended and 
restated exempted limited partnership agreement of BRH Holdings, L.P., a 
Cayman Islands exempted limited partnership.


“Disability” shall refer to any physical or mental incapacity which 
prevents Executive from carrying out all or substantially all of his duties 
under this Agreement for any period of one hundred eighty (180) consecutive 
days or any aggregate period of eight (8) months in any twelve-month (12) 
period, as determined, in its sole discretion, by a majority of the members 
of the Governing Body, including a majority of the Continuing Principals 
who are members of the Governing Body (but for the sake of clarity, not 
including the Executive in respect of which the determination is being 
made).


“Family Office” means the organization responsible for the day-to-day 
administration and management of the Executive’s financial and personal 
affairs, which may include, but is not limited to, wealth management, 
oversight of investments, tax planning, estate planning and philanthropic 
endeavors, and includes any entity which holds the personal investments of 
the Executive.


“Group” shall mean with respect to Executive, Executive and (i) Executive’s 
spouse, (ii) a lineal descendant of Executive’s parents, the spouse of any 
such descendant or a lineal descendent of any such spouse, (iii) a 
Charitable Institution solely controlled by Executive and other members of 
his Group, (iv) a trustee of a trust (whether inter vivos or testamentary), 
all of the current beneficiaries and presumptive remaindermen of which are 
one or more of Executive and Persons described in clauses (i) through (iii) 
of this definition, (v) a corporation, limited liability company or 
partnership, of which all or substantially all of the outstanding shares of 
capital stock or interests therein are owned by one or more of Executive 
and Persons described in clauses (i) through (iv) of this definition 
provided, that the equity not owned by Executive and Persons described in 
clauses (i) through (iv) of this definition is owned by current or former 
service providers of such corporation, limited liability company or 
partnership, (vi) an individual mandated under a qualified domestic 
relations order, or (vii) the executor, personal representative or 
administrator of the estate of such Executive or of the estate of any 
individual described in clauses (i), (ii) or (vi) above. For purposes of 
this definition, (x) “lineal descendants” shall not include individuals 
adopted after attaining the age of eighteen (18) years and such adopted 
individual’s descendants; and (y) “presumptive remaindermen” shall refer to 
those Persons entitled to a share of a trust’s assets if it were then to 
terminate. Executive shall never be a member of the Group of another 
Principal.


“Manager” means AGM Management, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company.


“Shareholders Agreement” means the Shareholders Agreement, dated as of July 
13, 2007, by and among the Company, AP Professional Holdings, L.P., Leon D. 
Black, Marc J. Rowan, Joshua J. Harris, Black Family Partners, L.P. and MJR 
Foundation LLC.


“Subsidiary” means a subsidiary of the Company (or other referenced entity, 
as the case may be) as defined in Rule 405 promulgated under the Securities 
Act of 1933, as amended.


(c)     Resignation as Officer or Director. Upon the termination of 
employment for any reason, Executive shall be deemed to have resigned each 
position (if any) that Executive then holds as an officer or director of 
the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or any Portfolio Company without any 
further act to be taken by Executive. Additionally, Executive shall execute 
and deliver to the Company promptly after the Company’s written request, 
any request for a resignation in form and substance reasonably acceptable 
to Executive. For the sake of clarity, this provision shall not apply to 
any right Executive may have under the Agreement Among Principals to 
continue to serve as a member of the Executive Committee following 
Executive’s retirement.


(d)     Disability. The parties acknowledge that there may be a delay 
between the discovery of a condition that results in Executive’s employment 
termination due to Disability, and the effective date of such termination. 
In such case, the Governing Body may temporarily appoint a Senior 
Professional to perform the functional responsibilities and duties of 
Executive until Disability definitively occurs or is determined not to have 
occurred; provided, however, (i) the Governing Body may so appoint a Senior 
Professional only if Executive is unable to perform his responsibilities 
and duties to the Company (or such successor thereto or such other entity 
controlled by the Company or its successor as may be Executive’s employer 
at such time), or, as a matter of fiduciary duty, should be prohibited from 
performing his responsibilities and duties, and (ii) during such period 
Executive shall continue to serve on the Executive Committee unless 
otherwise prohibited from doing so pursuant to the Agreement Among 
Principals.


(e)     Section 409A. To the extent required to avoid the imposition of tax 
under Section 409A of the Code (“Section 409A”), if Executive is a 
“specified employee” for purposes of Section 409A, amounts that would 
otherwise be payable under this Section 5 during the six-month (6) period 
immediately following the employment termination date shall instead be paid 
on the first (1st) business day after the date that is six (6) months 
following Executive’s “separation from service” within the meaning of 
Section 409A, or, if earlier, the date of Executive’s death.


6.     RESTRICTIVE COVENANTS. The parties agree that the restrictive 
covenants set forth in Exhibit A hereto (the “Restrictive Covenants”) are 
incorporated herein by reference and shall be deemed to be contained 
herein. Executive understands, acknowledges and agrees that the Restrictive 
Covenants apply (i) during his employment under this Agreement, during any 
period of employment by (x) the Company or (y) any Affiliate following the 
termination of this Agreement or the expiration of the Term, and (ii) as 
provided in Exhibit A hereto, during the periods specified following 
termination of his employment by the Company and by any Affiliate which may 
have employed him.


7.     ASSIGNMENT. This Agreement, and all of the terms and conditions 
hereof, shall bind the Company and its successors and assigns and shall 
bind Executive and Executive’s heirs, valid assigns, executors and 
administrators. No transfer or assignment of this Agreement shall release 
the Company from any obligation to Executive hereunder. Neither this 
Agreement, nor any of the Company’s rights or obligations hereunder, may be 
assigned or are otherwise subject to hypothecation by Executive. The 
Company may assign the rights and obligations of the Company hereunder, in 
whole or in part, to any of the Company’s Subsidiaries or Affiliates, or to 
any other successor or assign in connection with the sale of all or 
substantially all of the Company’s assets or equity or in connection with 
any merger, acquisition and/or reorganization, provided the assignee 
assumes the obligations of the Company hereunder and provided further than 
any such assignment shall not release the Company from its obligations 
hereunder.


8.     GENERAL.


(a)     Notices. Any notices provided hereunder must be in writing and 
shall be deemed effective upon the earlier of one (1) business day 
following personal delivery (including personal delivery by e-mail or 
recognized overnight courier), or the third (3rd) business day after 
mailing by first class mail to the recipient at the address indicated 
below:


To the Company:


Apollo Global Management, LLC
9 West 57th Street
43rd Floor
New York, NY 10019
Attention: Chief Legal Officer


To Executive at the location set forth in the Company’s records


or to such other address or to the attention of such other Person as the 
recipient party may have specified by prior written notice to the sending 
party.


(b)    Severability. The provisions of this Agreement shall be deemed 
severable and the invalidity or unenforceability of any provision shall not 
affect the validity or enforceability of the other provisions hereof. If 
any provision of this Agreement, or the application thereof to any Person 
or any circumstance, is found to be invalid or unenforceable in any 
jurisdiction, (a) a suitable and equitable provision shall be substituted 
therefor in order to carry out, so far as may be valid and enforceable, the 
intent and purpose of such invalid or unenforceable provision and (b) the 
remainder of this Agreement and the application of such provision to other 
Persons or circumstances shall not be affected by such invalidity or 
unenforceability, nor shall such invalidity or unenforceability affect the 
validity or enforceability of such provision, or the application thereof, 
in any other jurisdiction.


(c)     Entire Agreement. This document, together with its attached 
exhibits, constitutes the final, complete, and exclusive embodiment of the 
entire agreement and understanding between the parties related to the 
subject matter hereof and supersedes and preempts any prior or 
contemporaneous understandings, agreements, or representations by or 
between the parties, written or oral. Notwithstanding the immediately 
preceding sentence, this Agreement does not supersede or preempt the 
Shareholders Agreement, the Agreement Among Principals, the Exchange 
Agreement, the exempted limited partnership agreement of AP Professional 
Holdings, L.P., the exempted limited partnership agreement of BRH Holdings, 
L.P., or any other agreement to which Executive became a party in 
connection with the Company’s initial public offering.


(d)     Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed on separate 
counterparts, any one of which need not contain signatures of more than one 
party, but all of which taken together will constitute one and the same 
agreement.


(e)     Amendments. No amendments or other modifications to this Agreement 
may be made except by a writing signed by each party hereto. No amendment 
or waiver of this Agreement requires the consent of any individual, 
partnership, corporation or other entity not a party to this Agreement.


(f)     Survivorship. The provisions of this Agreement necessary to carry 
out the intention of the parties as expressed herein (including, without 
limitation, the Restrictive Covenants provided in Section 6 hereof and 
Exhibit A hereto) shall survive the termination or expiration of the Term.


(g)     Waiver. The waiver by either party of the other party’s prompt and 
complete performance, or breach or violation, of any provision of this 
Agreement shall not operate nor be construed as a waiver of any subsequent 
breach or violation, and the failure by any party hereto to exercise any 
right or remedy which it or he may possess hereunder shall not operate nor 
be construed as a bar to the exercise of such right or remedy by such party 
upon the occurrence of any subsequent breach or violation. No waiver shall 
be deemed to have occurred unless set forth in a writing executed by or on 
behalf of the waiving party. No such written waiver shall be deemed a 
continuing waiver unless specifically stated therein, and each such waiver 
shall operate only as to the specific term or condition waived and shall 
not constitute a waiver of such term or condition for the future or as to 
any act other than that specifically waived.


(h)     Captions. The captions of this Agreement are for convenience and 
reference only and in no way define, describe, extend or limit the scope or 
intent of this Agreement or the intent of any provision hereof.


(i)     Construction. The parties acknowledge that this Agreement is the 
result of arm’s-length negotiations between sophisticated parties, each 
afforded representation by legal counsel. Each and every provision of this 
Agreement shall be construed as though both parties participated equally in 
the drafting of the same, and any rule of construction that a document 
shall be construed against the drafting party shall not be applicable to 
this Agreement.


(j)     Arbitration.


      (i)     Except as contemplated in Section 8(k) hereof, the parties
      hereto agree that any dispute, controversy or claim arising out of or
      relating to this Agreement, whether based on contract, tort, statute,
      or other legal or equitable theory (including, without limitation,
      any claim of fraud, intentional misconduct, misrepresentation or
      fraudulent inducement or any question of validity or effect of this
      Agreement including this clause) or the breach or termination hereof
      (the “Dispute”), shall be resolved in binding arbitration in
      accordance with the following provisions:


            A.
Such Dispute shall be resolved by binding arbitration to be conducted 
before JAMS in accordance with the provisions of JAMS’ Comprehensive 
Arbitration Rules and Procedures as in effect at the time of the 
arbitration.
            B.
The arbitration shall be held before a panel of three arbitrators appointed 
by JAMS, in accordance with its rules, who are not Affiliates of any party 
to such arbitration and do not have any actual or reasonable potential for 
bias or conflict of interest with respect to any of the parties hereto, 
directly or indirectly, by virtue of any direct or indirect financial 
interest, family relationship or close friendship.
            C.
Such arbitration shall be held at such place as the arbitrators appointed 
by JAMS may determine within the County, City and State of New York, or 
such other location to which the parties hereto may agree.
            D.
The arbitrators shall have the authority, taking into account the parties’ 
desire that any arbitration proceeding hereunder be reasonably expedited 
and efficient, to permit the parties hereto to conduct discovery. Any such 
discovery shall be (i) guided generally by but be no broader than permitted 
under the United States Federal Rules of Civil Procedure (the “FRCP”), and 
(ii) subject to the arbitrators and the parties hereto entering into a 
mutually acceptable confidentiality agreement.
            E.
The arbitrators shall have the authority to issue subpoenas for the 
attendance of witnesses and for the production of records and other 
evidence in connection with discovery and/or at any hearing and may 
administer oaths. Any such subpoena must be served in the manner for 
service of subpoenas under the FRCP and enforced in the manner for 
enforcement of subpoenas under the FRCP.
            F.
The arbitrators’ decision and award in any such arbitration shall be made 
by majority vote and delivered within thirty (30) calendar days of the 
conclusion of the evidentiary hearings unless otherwise agreed to by the 
parties hereto. In addition, the arbitrators shall have the authority to 
award injunctive relief to any of the parties.
            G.
The arbitrators’ decision shall be in writing and shall be as brief as 
possible and will include the basis for the arbitrators’ decision. A record 
of the arbitration proceeding shall be kept.
            H.
Judgment on the award rendered by the arbitrators may be entered in any 
court having jurisdiction thereof.
            I.
The parties shall share equally all expenses of JAMS (including those of 
the arbitrators) incurred in connection with any arbitration; provided, 
however, the arbitrators may award to the prevailing party in such 
arbitration its or his reasonable expenses incurred (including reasonable 
legal fees and expenses) and its or his share of JAMS expenses in 
connection with such arbitration.
            J.
The parties hereto agree to participate in any arbitration in good faith.
      (ii)     If JAMS is unable or unwilling to commence arbitration with
      regard to any such Dispute within thirty (30) calendar days after the
      parties have met the requirements for commencement as set forth in
      Rule 5 of the JAMS Comprehensive Arbitration Rules and Procedures,
      then the Disputes shall be resolved by binding arbitration, in
      accordance with the International Arbitration Rules of the American
      Arbitration Association (the “AAA”), before a panel of three
      arbitrators who shall be selected jointly by the parties involved in
      such Dispute, or if the parties cannot agree on the selection of the
      arbitrators, shall be selected by the AAA (provided that any
      arbitrators selected by the AAA shall meet the requirements of 
      Section 8(j)(i)(B) above). Any such arbitration shall be subject to
      the provisions of Section 8(j)(i)(C) through 8(j)(i)(J) above (as if
      the AAA were JAMS). If the AAA is unable or unwilling to commence
      such arbitration within thirty (30) calendar days after the parties
      have met the requirements for such commencement set forth in the
      aforementioned rules, then either party may seek resolution of such
      Dispute through litigation in accordance with Sections 8(k) and 8(l)
      .


      (iii)     Except as may be necessary to enter judgment upon the award
      or to the extent required by applicable law, all claims, defenses and
      proceedings (including, without limiting the generality of the
      foregoing, the existence of the controversy and the fact that there
      is an arbitration proceeding) shall be treated in a confidential
      manner by the arbitrators, the parties and their counsel, and each of
      their agents, employees and all others acting on behalf of or in
      concert with them. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing,
      no one shall divulge to any Person not directly involved in the
      arbitration the contents of the pleadings, papers, orders, hearings,
      trials, or awards in the arbitration, except as may be necessary to
      enter judgment upon an award or as required by applicable law. Any
      court proceedings relating to the arbitration hereunder, including,
      without limiting the generality of the foregoing, to prevent or
      compel arbitration; discovery; enforcement of a subpoena; or to
      confirm, correct, vacate or otherwise enforce an arbitration award,
      shall be filed under seal with the court, to the extent permitted by
      law.


(k)     Governing Law; Equitable Remedies. THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED 
BY, AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK 
(WITHOUT GIVING EFFECT TO CONFLICT OF LAWS PRINCIPLES THEREOF). The parties 
hereto agree that irreparable damage would occur in the event that any of 
the provisions of Section 6 or Exhibit A of this Agreement were not 
performed in accordance with its specific terms or was otherwise breached. 
It is accordingly agreed that the parties hereto shall be entitled to an 
injunction or injunctions and other equitable remedies to prevent breaches 
of Section 6 or Exhibit A of this Agreement and to enforce specifically the 
terms and provisions thereof in any of the Selected Courts (as defined 
below), this being in addition to any other remedy to which they are 
entitled at law or in equity. In such event, any requirements for the 
securing or posting of any bond with respect to such remedy are hereby 
waived by each of the parties hereto. Each party further agrees that, in 
the event of any action for an injunction or other equitable remedy in 
respect of such breach or enforcement of specific performance pursuant to 
this Section 8(k), it or he will not assert the defense that a remedy at 
law would be adequate.


(l)     Consent to Jurisdiction. It is the desire and intent of the parties 
hereto that any disputes or controversies arising under or in connection 
with this Agreement be resolved pursuant to arbitration in accordance with 
Section 8(j); provided, however, that, to the extent that Section 8(j) is 
held to be invalid or unenforceable for any reason, and the result is that 
the parties hereto are precluded from resolving any claim arising under or 
in connection with this Agreement pursuant to the terms of Section 8(j) 
(after giving effect to the terms of Section 8(b)), the following 
provisions of this Section 8(l) shall govern the resolution of all disputes 
or controversies arising under this Agreement. With respect to any suit, 
action or proceeding (“Proceeding”) arising out of or relating to this 
Agreement or any transaction contemplated hereby each of the parties hereto 
hereby irrevocably (i) submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of (A) the 
United States District Court for the Southern District of New York, or (B) 
in the event that such court lacks jurisdiction to hear the claim, the 
state courts of New York located in the borough of Manhattan, New York City 
(the “Selected Courts”) and waives any objection to venue being laid in the 
Selected Courts whether based on the grounds of forum non conveniens or 
otherwise and hereby agrees not to commence any such Proceeding other than 
before one of the Selected Courts; provided, however, that a party may 
commence any Proceeding in a court other than a Selected Court solely for 
the purpose of enforcing an order or judgment issued by one of the Selected 
Courts or the arbitrators; (ii) consents to service of process in any 
Proceeding by the mailing of copies thereof by registered or certified 
mail, postage prepaid, or by recognized international express carrier or 
delivery service, to their respective addresses referred to in Section 8(a)
 hereof; provided, however, that nothing herein shall affect the right of 
any party hereto to serve process in any other manner permitted by law; and 
(iii) TO THE EXTENT NOT PROHIBITED BY APPLICABLE LAW THAT CANNOT BE WAIVED, 
WAIVES, AND COVENANTS THAT IT OR HE WILL NOT ASSERT (WHETHER AS PLAINTIFF, 
DEFENDANT OR OTHERWISE) ANY RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY ACTION ARISING IN 
WHOLE OR IN PART UNDER OR IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OF THE 
CONTEMPLATED TRANSACTIONS, WHETHER NOW EXISTING OR HEREAFTER ARISING, AND 
WHETHER SOUNDING IN CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, AND AGREES THAT ANY OF 
THEM MAY FILE A COPY OF THIS PARAGRAPH WITH ANY COURT AS WRITTEN EVIDENCE 
OF THE KNOWING, VOLUNTARY AND BARGAINED-FOR AGREEMENT AMONG THE PARTIES 
IRREVOCABLY TO WAIVE ITS OR HIS RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY PROCEEDING 
WHATSOEVER BETWEEN THEM RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OF THE 
CONTEMPLATED TRANSACTIONS AND WILL INSTEAD BE TRIED IN A COURT OF COMPETENT 
JURISDICTION BY A JUDGE SITTING WITHOUT A JURY.


(m)     Third Party Beneficiaries. Except as expressly provided herein, 
nothing in this Agreement shall confer any rights or remedies upon any 
Person other than the parties hereto or any and all of Executive’s heirs, 
successors, valid assigns, executors and administrators. In any provision 
of the Agreement which provides rights or remedies to, or permits the 
assignment of rights to, Affiliates or Subsidiaries of the Company, the 
terms “Affiliates” and “Subsidiaries” shall be construed to exclude any 
Fund or Portfolio Company.


(n)     Indemnification.


      (i)     To the fullest extent permitted by law but subject to the
      limitations expressly provided in this Agreement, Executive and the
      Executive’s Group (collectively, the “Indemnified Parties” and each
      individually an “Indemnified Party”) shall be indemnified and held
      harmless by the Company and its direct and indirect consolidated
      Subsidiaries from and against any and all losses, claims, damages,
      liabilities, joint or several, expenses (including reasonable legal
      fees and expenses), judgments, fines, penalties, interest,
      settlements or other amounts arising from any and all threatened,
      pending or completed third-party claims, demands, actions, suits or
      proceedings, whether civil, criminal, administrative or
      investigative, and whether formal or informal and including appeals,
      directly or indirectly, by reason of or arising from (A) Executive’s
      actions or inactions in connection with the establishment,
      management, operations or serving on the board of any Covered
      Business, (B) Executive’s actions or inactions with respect to his
      duties under this Agreement (including resulting from limitations on
      Executive’s actions set forth in Exhibit A), and (C) Executive’s
      actions or inactions with respect to any limited partnership
      agreement or similar governing document of any Covered Business or
      any member of the Apollo Operating Group or any direct or indirect
      Subsidiary, including, for the avoidance of doubt, to the extent
      related to any breach or alleged breach of this Agreement, any Fund
      Agreement or the AGM LLC Agreement, whether arising from acts or
      omissions to act as set forth in this section 8(n)(i) occurring
      before or after the Effective Date; provided, however, that the
      Indemnified Party shall not be indemnified and held harmless if there
      has been a final and non-appealable judgment entered by a court of
      competent jurisdiction determining that, in respect of the matter for
      which the Indemnified Party is seeking indemnification pursuant to
      this Section 8(n), Executive acted in bad faith or engaged in actual
      fraud or willful misconduct. For purposes of clarification, because a
      conveyance may be allegedly or actually void or voidable or deemed
      “fraudulent” pursuant to the provisions of Title 11 of the U.S. Code
      or any similar State or foreign statute does not render an
      Executive’s conduct with respect to the conveyance non-indemnifiable,
      and an Indemnified Party will be entitled to indemnification with
      respect to such conveyances unless the Executive “acted in bad faith
      or engaged in actual fraud or willful misconduct” as provided for
      herein. Notwithstanding the preceding sentence, except as otherwise
      provided in Section 8(n)(ix), the Company shall be required to
      indemnify an Indemnified Party in connection with any action, suit or
      proceeding (or part thereof) commenced by an Indemnified Party only
      if the commencement of such action, suit or proceeding (or part
      thereof) by such Indemnified Party was authorized by the Company in
      its sole discretion.


      (ii)     To the fullest extent permitted by law, expenses (including
      reasonable legal fees and expenses) incurred by an Indemnified Party
      in appearing at, participating in or defending any indemnifiable
      claim, demand, action, suit or proceeding pursuant to Section 8(n)
      shall be advanced by the Company on a monthly basis prior to a final
      and non-appealable determination that the Indemnified Party is not
      entitled to be indemnified upon receipt by the Company of an
      undertaking by or on behalf of an Indemnified Party to repay such
      amount if it ultimately shall be determined that the Indemnified
      Party is not entitled to be indemnified pursuant to this Section 8(n)
      . Notwithstanding the immediately preceding sentence, except as
      otherwise provided in Section 8(n)(ix), the Company shall be required
      to indemnify an Indemnified Party pursuant to the immediately
      preceding sentence in connection with any action, suit or proceeding
      (or part thereof) commenced by such Indemnified Party only if the
      commencement of such action, suit or proceeding (or part thereof) by
      the Indemnified Party was authorized by the Company in its sole
      discretion.


      (iii)     The indemnification provided by this Section 8(n) shall be
      in addition to any other rights to which the Indemnified Parties may
      be entitled under any agreement, as a matter of law, in equity or
      otherwise, both as to actions in Executive’s capacity as Executive
      and as to actions in any other capacity, and shall continue as to the
      Indemnified Parties if Executive has ceased to serve in such
      capacity.


      (iv)     Any indemnification pursuant to this Section 8(n) shall be
      made only out of the assets of the Company and/or its valid
      assignees. In no event may the Indemnified Parties subject the
      members of the Company to personal liability by reason of the
      indemnification provisions set forth in this Agreement.


      (v)     No Indemnified Party shall be denied indemnification in whole
      or in part under this Section 8(n) because such Indemnified Party had
      an interest in the transaction with respect to which the
      indemnification applies if the transaction was otherwise permitted by
      the terms of this Agreement, including, without limitation, Exhibit
      A, the Agreement Among Principals, the Limited Liability Company
      Agreement of the Company or the consent of the Governing Body.


      (vi)     The provisions of this Section 8(n) are for the benefit of
      the Indemnified Parties and their heirs, successors, valid assigns,
      executors and administrators and shall not be deemed to create any
      rights for the benefit of any other Persons.


      (vii)     Executive shall, in the performance of his duties, be fully
      protected in relying in good faith upon the records of the Company,
      its Affiliates and their respective direct or indirect Subsidiaries
      and on such information, opinions, reports or statements presented to
      any of the foregoing by any of the respective officers, directors or
      employees, or committees of the board, or by any other Person as to
      matters that Executive, as the case may be, reasonably believes are
      within such other Person’s professional or expert competence.


      (viii)    No amendment, modification or repeal of this Section 8(n)
      or any provision hereof shall in any manner terminate, reduce or
      impair the right of the Indemnified Parties or any third party
      beneficiary to be indemnified by the Company, nor the obligations of
      the Company to indemnify the Indemnified Parties or any third party
      beneficiary under and in accordance with the provisions of this 
      Section 8(n) as in effect immediately prior to such amendment,
      modification or repeal with respect to claims arising from or
      relating to matters occurring, in whole or-in part, prior to such
      amendment, modification or repeal, regardless of when such claims may
      arise or be asserted.


      (ix)     If a claim for indemnification (following the final
      disposition of the action, suit or proceeding for which
      indemnification is being sought) or advancement of expenses under
      this Section 8(n) is not paid in full within thirty (30) days after a
      written claim therefor by an Indemnified Party or any third party
      beneficiary has been received by the Company, such Indemnified Party
      or such third party beneficiary, as the case may be, may file suit to
      recover the unpaid amount of such claim and, if successful in whole
      or in part, shall be entitled to be paid the expenses of prosecuting
      such claim, including reasonable attorneys’ fees.


      (o)     Liability of Indemnified Persons. Notwithstanding anything to
      the contrary herein, no Indemnified Party shall be liable to the
      Company or any other Persons who have acquired interests in the
      Company’s securities, for any losses, claims, damages, liabilities,
      joint or several, expenses (including legal fees and expenses),
      judgments, fines, penalties, interest, settlements or other amounts
      arising as a result of any act or omission of Executive, or for any
      breach of contract (including breach of this Agreement) or any breach
      of duties (including breach of fiduciary duties) whether arising
      hereunder, at law, in equity or otherwise, unless there has been a
      final and non-appealable judgment entered by a court of competent
      jurisdiction determining that, in respect of the matter in question,
      Executive acted in bad faith or engaged in actual fraud or willful
      misconduct. For purposes of clarification, because a conveyance may
      be allegedly or actually void or voidable or deemed “fraudulent”
      pursuant to the provisions of Title 11 of the U.S. Code or any
      similar State or foreign statute does not render an Executive’s
      conduct with respect to the conveyance non-indemnifiable, and an
      Indemnified Party will be entitled to indemnification with respect to
      such conveyances unless the Executive “acted in bad faith or engaged
      in actual fraud or willful misconduct” as provided for herein. Any
      amendment, modification or repeal of this Section 8(o) or any
      provision hereof shall be prospective only and shall not in any way
      affect the limitations on the liability of an Indemnified Party under
      this Section 8(o) as in effect immediately prior to such amendment,
      modification or repeal with respect to claims arising from or
      relating to matters occurring, in whole or in part, prior to such
      amendment, modification or repeal, regardless of when such claims may
      arise or be asserted.


      (p)     Legal Fees. The Company shall pay or reimburse Executive for
      all reasonable and documented legal fees and costs incurred by him in
      connection with the drafting and negotiation of this Agreement and
      any other agreement or policies directly or indirectly related to
      Executive’s employment arrangement and his rights under Exhibit A.


[Signature page follows]



IN WITNESS WHEREOF AND INTENDING TO BE LEGALLY BOUND THEREBY, the parties 
hereto have executed and delivered this Agreement as of the year and date 
first above written.


                                 APOLLO GLOBAL MANAGEMENT, LLC


                                 By:
                                 AGM Management, LLC,
                                  
                                 its Manager
                                 By:
                                 BRH Holdings GP, Ltd.,
                                  
                                 its Sole Member
                                 By:
                                 /s/ John J. Suydam
                                  
                                 Name: John J. Suydam
                                  
                                 Title: Vice President



                                  
                                 /s/ Leon D. Black
                                  
                                 Leon D. Black




Exhibit A


Restrictive Covenants


Executive understands, acknowledges and agrees that, by virtue of his 
equity interest in the Company and/or its Affiliates, his previous services 
to the Company and its Affiliates, and his employment by the Company 
pursuant to this Agreement, directly or indirectly, he acquired, had access 
to, or was otherwise exposed to, and shall acquire, have access to or be 
otherwise exposed to confidential information of the Company and its 
Affiliates (the Confidential Information, as defined below) and he has met 
and developed relationships with, and will meet and develop relationships 
with, the Company’s potential and existing financing sources, capital 
market intermediaries, investors, employees and consultants.


The Company and its Affiliates are engaged throughout the United States and 
the world in the business of raising, managing, investing the assets of and 
making investments in private equity funds, hedge funds, publicly traded 
alternative investment vehicles and other alternative asset investment 
vehicles (the “Business”). Executive acknowledges that (i) the Business is 
global in nature and Executive is among the limited number of individuals 
leading the Business, (ii) the Restrictive Covenants set forth in this 
Exhibit A are an essential part of this Agreement, (iii) he has been fully 
advised by counsel in connection with the negotiation of this Agreement and 
the Restrictive Covenants, (iv) he is familiar with the laws which govern 
the enforceability of restrictive covenants in the jurisdictions where the 
Business is carried on, and agrees that these Restrictive Covenants, 
including, without limitation, the non-competition covenant, are 
reasonable, valid and enforceable in the context of this Agreement, and (v) 
compliance with the Restrictive Covenants, including, without limitation, 
the non-competition covenant, will not create any hardship for Executive as 
he has independent means and sufficient income to be fully self-supporting 
without competing with the Company in the Business or violating any of the 
Restrictive Covenants.


A.     Non-competition. Executive agrees that during the period of his 
employment with the Company (or any Affiliate) and during the Restricted 
Period (as defined below), Executive shall not, directly or indirectly, 
either as a principal, agent, employee, employer, consultant, partner, 
member, shareholder of a closely held corporation or shareholder in excess 
of three percent (3%) of a publicly traded corporation, corporate officer 
or director, or in any other individual or representative capacity, engage 
or otherwise participate in any manner or fashion in any business that is a 
Competing Business (as defined below), either in the United States or in 
any other place in the world where the Company or any of its Affiliates, 
successors or assigns engages in the Business. Notwithstanding anything to 
the contrary contained in this Clause A of this Exhibit A, (i) activities 
permitted by clause 1 (Services and Duties) of the Employment, 
Non-Competition and Non-Solicitation Agreement and (ii) investments 
described in Clause F of this Exhibit A, are permitted.


Solely for purposes of this Exhibit A: “Competing Business” means any 
alternative asset management business (other than the Business of the 
Company, its successors or assigns or Affiliates) Primarily for Third Party 
capital that advises, manages or invests the assets of and/or makes 
investments in private equity funds, hedge funds, collateralized debt 
obligation funds, business development corporations, special purpose 
acquisition companies or other alternative asset investment vehicles, or 
the Persons who manage, advise or own such investment vehicles. “Primarily
” means with respect to more than fifty percent (50%) of the capital in 
question. “Third Party” means a Person other than Executive or any member 
of Executive’s Group. “Restricted Period” means, the period commencing on 
the date hereof and terminating one (1) year following Executive’s 
termination of employment.


B.     Non-solicitation of Employees, Etc. Executive agrees that during the 
period of his employment with the Company (or any Affiliate) and during the 
Restricted Period, Executive shall not, directly or indirectly, (i) solicit 
or induce any officer, director, employee, agent or consultant of the 
Company or any of its successors, assigns or Affiliates to terminate his, 
her or its employment or other relationship with the Company or its 
successors, assigns or Affiliates for the purpose of associating with any 
Competing Business, or otherwise encourage any such Person to leave or 
sever his, her or its employment or other relationship with the Company or 
its successors, assigns or Affiliates, for any other reason, or (ii) hire 
any such individual who, at the time of hire, Executive knows left the 
employ of the Company or any of its Affiliates during the immediately 
preceding twelve (12) months. This provision shall not prohibit Executive 
from soliciting or hiring the Persons serving as his personal assistant or 
assistants at or prior to the time of his departure. For purposes of these 
Clauses B and C of this Exhibit A, “Affiliates” shall not include any 
Portfolio Company.


C.     Non-solicitation of Investors, Etc. Executive agrees that during the 
period of his employment with the Company (or any Affiliate) and during the 
Restricted Period, Executive shall not, directly or indirectly, solicit or 
induce any investors, financing sources or capital market intermediaries of 
the Company or its successors, assigns or Affiliates to terminate (or 
diminish in any respect) his, her or its relationship with the Company or 
its successors, assigns or Affiliates. Nothing in this paragraph applies to 
those investors, financing sources, or capital market intermediaries who 
did not conduct business with the Company, or its successors, assigns or 
Affiliates during Executive’s employment with, or the period in which 
Executive held, directly or indirectly, an ownership interest in, the 
Company or any Affiliate.


D.     Confidentiality. Executive agrees to be bound by Section 5.8 (“
Confidential Information”) of the Agreement Among Principals.


E.     Disparaging Comments. Executive agrees that he shall not, directly 
or indirectly, make or ratify any statement, public or private, oral or 
written, to any Person that disparages, either professionally or 
personally, the Company or any of its Affiliates, past and present, and 
each of them, as well as its and their trustees, directors, officers, 
members, managers, partners, agents, attorneys, insurers, employees, 
stockholders, representatives, assigns, and successors, past and present, 
and each of them. The Company agrees that it shall not, and it shall ensure 
that its Continuing Principals shall not, directly or indirectly, make or 
ratify any statement, public or private, oral or written, to any Person 
that disparages Executive, either professionally or personally. The 
obligations under this paragraph shall not apply to (i) disclosures 
compelled by applicable law or order of any court or (ii) any statements or 
disclosures reasonably necessary to be made directly in connection with any 
legal proceeding, arbitration or investigation, whether or not compelled 
(but subject to any confidentiality agreements or orders that may govern 
such proceeding, arbitration or investigation).


F.     Code of Ethics, Family Offices and Personal Investing.


(1)    In no event shall Executive make, or assist a member of his Group in 
making, any investment that violates or conflicts with the Company’s 
then-current code of ethics (the “Code of Ethics”) or any trading policies 
of the Company (it being understood that the terms and restrictions of any 
such policy may be more restrictive than required by applicable law). The 
Company will notify Executive promptly of any changes to the Code of Ethics 
or to any of its trading policies. As required by the Code of Ethics, all 
statements of holdings by the Family Office shall be provided to the 
Company compliance department (“Company Compliance”) and all trades by the 
Family Office that are required to be pre-cleared under the Code of Ethics 
will be pre-cleared by Company Compliance, except as noted below.


(2)     Transactions in the following by the Family Office shall be 
considered “fully-managed accounts” for purposes of Section 8.2.2 of the 
Code of Ethics (or any successor section) provided that a certificate is 
delivered to the Company’s Chief Compliance Officer (the “CCO”) on a 
quarterly basis from the relevant portfolio manager or the Chief Executive 
Officer, as applicable (the “Portfolio Manager”) of Executive’s Family 
Office and Executive stating that Executive continues to have no investment 
control, influence or discretion over such investments:


   •
Bank loans; and
   •
Equity securities of publicly traded companies with a market capitalization 
of more than $100 million and less than $10 billion so long as the 
investment will not result in the Family Office owning more than 3% of the 
outstanding publicly traded securities of any issuer.
Although the foregoing shall be considered “fully-managed accounts” under 
the Code of Ethics and thus do not require pre-clearance, the Executive 
shall nonetheless cause his Family Office to pre-clear with Company 
Compliance all transactions in equity securities in publicly traded 
companies with a market capitalization of more than $100 million and less 
than $10 billion (but not bank loans) to ensure that the Company is not in 
possession of material non-public information (“MNPI”) concerning the 
issuer of the securities.


(3)    The provision contained in Section 8.3 of the Code of Ethics which 
requires Company Compliance to consider whether a “transaction would usurp 
an opportunity that properly belongs to the Company’s clients” is 
considered satisfied with respect to any investment (including anticipated 
follow-on investments) that is below the threshold size listed in the 
attached Schedule I for the type of investment listed (because these 
investments do not usurp the Company’s client opportunities). For avoidance 
of doubt, such transactions would remain subject to pre-clearance by 
Company Compliance for MNPI or conflicts purposes.


(4)    Investments in the following categories are unlikely to usurp an 
opportunity that properly belongs to the Company’s clients and therefore, 
Company Compliance will endeavor to expedite any pre-clearance request with 
respect to these investments:


         •
Investments in sports teams, leagues or organizations (because these 
investments are not considered appropriate investments for the Company’s 
clients); and
         •
Private investments that were introduced to the Family Office by persons 
other than Executive or sourced by the Family Office and not Executive so 
long as the Portfolio Manager of Executive’s Family Office and Executive 
deliver a certificate in the form attached as Schedule 2 to the Company’s 
CCO prior to making such investment stating that such investment was 
introduced to the Family Office by persons other than Executive or sourced 
by employees or other service providers of the Family Office and not 
Executive, that Executive was not aware of such investment prior to the 
Family Office being introduced to or sourcing such investment and that 
neither the Company nor its employees (including Executive) participated in 
sourcing such investment. For the avoidance of doubt, once the Family 
Office is introduced to or sources the investment, Executive may be 
involved in analyzing the investment and participating in the decision as 
to whether the Family Office should make such investment.
For the avoidance of doubt, the other factors to be considered in a 
pre-clearance decision (i.e., the restricted list, MNPI, etc.) remain 
applicable to the investments listed above in this paragraph F(4).


(5)    Any request for pre-clearance to Company Compliance shall include 
information about anticipated follow-on investments with respect to the 
investment. If a follow-on investment is pre-cleared at the time of the 
original investment it shall not require another pre-clearance at the time 
of actual investment (although sales of such investment may be required to 
be pre-cleared as provided in the Code of Ethics). If a follow-on 
investment was not anticipated at the time of the original investment, 
Executive or his Family Office shall certify that such subsequent funding 
is required to protect the value of the existing investment and was not 
contemplated and pre-cleared at the time of the initial investment.


(6)    As required by the Code of Ethics, when requesting pre-clearance, 
Executive’s Family Office shall provide sufficient information such that 
the Company can make a decision but such Family Office will not be 
obligated to create an investment memorandum solely for pre-clearance 
purposes.


(7)    Where possible, responses to pre-clearance requests shall be granted 
to Executive’s Family Office within 48 hours of the request.


(8)     Before agreeing to receive MNPI with respect to an investment, 
Company Compliance shall check its most recent statement of the Family 
Office’s holdings, and if the receipt of the MNPI could cause the Family 
Office to restrict its investment, Company Compliance, if practicable, will 
provide notice to the Family Office that the Company may receive MNPI so 
that the Family Office has an opportunity to exit the position before the 
MNPI is received. If the Family Office chooses to exit the position, the 
Family Office shall request pre-clearance from Company Compliance and 
Company Compliance may or may not grant approval. Once Company Compliance 
has completed its internal decision-making about whether to accept MNPI 
(normally approximately 48 hours later) the Company shall notify the Family 
Office of its decision, and if the Family Office has not sold its position, 
it will be subject to restriction on sale.


G.     Conflicts of Interest. Executive hereby agrees to promptly disclose 
to the Governing Body any potential conflict of interest involving 
Executive, his Group or his Family Office or the Company upon Executive 
obtaining actual knowledge of such conflict or potential conflict.


H.     Director’s Fees and Other Sources of Compensation from the Company. 
All directors’ and other fees payable to Executive after July 13, 2012 or 
equity incentives granted to Executive after July 13, 2012 by a portfolio 
company shall be transferred to the Company or its designee without any 
additional consideration therefor. Other than the compensation set forth in 
this Agreement, Executive will not accept any compensation, director fees, 
other fees or equity interests from the Company or any of its Subsidiaries.


I.     Continuing Obligations to the Company and its Subsidiaries. 
Commencing on the Effective Date, Executive will cooperate in all 
reasonable respects with the Company and its Subsidiaries in connection 
with any and all existing or future litigation, actions or proceedings 
(whether civil, criminal, administrative, regulatory or otherwise) brought 
by or against the Company or any of its Affiliates, to the extent the 
Company reasonably deems Executive’s cooperation necessary. Executive shall 
be reimbursed for all out-of-pocket expenses incurred by him as a result of 
such cooperation.


J.     Acknowledgement. Executive agrees and acknowledges that each 
Restrictive Covenant herein is reasonable as to duration, terms and 
geographical area and that the same protects the legitimate interests of 
the Company and its Affiliates, imposes no undue hardship on Executive, is 
not injurious to the public, and that any violation of any of these 
Restrictive Covenants shall be specifically enforceable in any court with 
jurisdiction upon short notice. Executive agrees and acknowledges that a 
portion of the compensation paid to Executive under this Agreement to which 
this Exhibit A is attached will be paid in consideration of the covenants 
contained in this Exhibit A, the sufficiency of which consideration is 
hereby acknowledged. If any provision of this Exhibit A as applied to 
Executive or to any circumstance is adjudged by a court to be invalid or 
unenforceable, the same shall in no way affect any other circumstance or 
the validity or enforceability of any other provision of this Exhibit A. If 
the scope of any such provision, or any part thereof, is too broad to 
permit enforcement of such provision to its full extent, Executive agrees 
that the court making such determination shall have the power to reduce the 
duration and/or area of such provision, and/or to delete specific words or 
phrases, to the extent necessary to permit enforcement, and, in its reduced 
form, such provision shall then be enforceable and shall be enforced. 
Executive agrees and acknowledges that the breach of this Exhibit A will 
cause irreparable injury to the Company and upon breach of any provision of 
this Exhibit A, the Company shall be entitled to injunctive relief, 
specific performance or other equitable relief; provided, however, that 
this shall in no way limit any other remedies which the Company may have 
(including, without limitation, the right to seek monetary damages). The 
Company shall not bring any claim or action for breach of any provision of 
this Exhibit A unless (i) it has provided written notice of such alleged 
claim and provided Executive with at least thirty (30) days to correct or 
cure the conduct in question and (ii) during such period, Executive has not 
corrected or cured such conduct. Each of the covenants in this Exhibit A 
shall be construed as an agreement independent of any other provisions in 
this Agreement to which it is attached, other than the consideration for 
such covenant provided in this Agreement.



    