 EX-10.1 2 ex10-1.htm EX-10.1
Exhibit 10.1

PROMISSORY NOTE

$29,999.50
October 9, 2017

For value received, the undersigned, CLS HOLDINGS USA, INC., a Nevada 
corporation (the “Maker”), hereby promises to pay to the order of Newcan 
Investment Partners LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the 
“Holder”), at 16047 Collins Avenue, Unit 505 ST, Sunny Isles Beach, FL 
33160 (or such other place(s) as Holder may designate from time to time), 
the principal sum of Twenty-Nine Thousand Nine Hundred Ninety-Nine and 
50/100 Dollars ($29,999.50), or such portion thereof as shall have been 
advanced from time to time, together with accrued and unpaid interest 
thereon, on the terms provided in this promissory note (this “Note”).

Interest shall accrue on the unpaid principal balance of this Note, 
commencing on September 21, 2017, which was the date that such principal 
was advanced, at the rate of ten percent (10%) per annum.  On January 2, 
2019, Maker shall pay all then accrued interest to Holder.  Commencing on 
April 1, 2019, Maker shall pay the outstanding principal balance on such 
date, in eight (8) equal quarterly installments, together with accrued 
interest, in arrears, and continuing on the first day of each July, 
October, January and April thereafter until paid in full.  All outstanding 
principal and any accrued unpaid interest thereon shall be due and payable 
on October 8, 2020 (the “Maturity Date”).  There shall be no further 
advances by the Holder pursuant to this Note following the initial payment 
of principal hereunder. Both principal and interest are payable in lawful 
money of the United States of America.

All amounts under this Note shall become at once due and payable, at 
Holder’s option, if one or more of the following events shall happen and be 
continuing (an “Event of Default”):  (a) failure to make any payment of 
principal or interest on this Note within five (5) business days after 
notice by Holder of such failure; (b) assignment made by the Maker for the 
benefit of credits or upon the appointment of a receiver, liquidator or 
trustee of the Maker or the admission in writing by the Maker of its 
inability to pay its debts generally as they become due or the adjudication 
of the Maker to be a bankrupt or insolvent, or the filing of any petition 
for the bankruptcy, reorganization or arrangement of the Maker; or (c) 
issuance of any tax lien warrant, process or order of attachment, 
garnishment or other lien and/or the filing of a lien against any property 
of the Maker which is not discharged within fourteen (14) days from the 
date of filing.  After the occurrence of an Event of Default and for so 
long as it shall be continuing, this Note shall bear interest at the 
highest rate permitted under then applicable law.

In the case that any Event of Default shall happen and be continuing, the 
Holder may proceed to enforce the payment of this Note or to enforce any 
other legal or equitable rights as such Holder may have under applicable 
law.

In the event Holder retains or consults an attorney to enforce the terms 
hereof, Holder shall be entitled to collect from the Maker all costs and 
expenses incurred in enforcing or preserving its rights hereunder, 
including, but not limited to, reasonable

------------------------------------------------------------------------

attorney’s fees (including those incurred in connection with judicial, 
bankruptcy, appellate, administrative and other proceedings).  No delay or 
omission by Holder in exercising any right or remedy hereunder shall 
operate as a waiver of any such right or remedy hereunder.  All remedies of 
Holder hereunder are cumulative, and no exercise by Holder of any one or 
more of his rights or remedies hereunder or under applicable law shall be 
deemed to be an election of remedies by Holder.

Upon thirty (30) days’ prior notice to Holder, the Maker may prepay this 
Note, in whole or in part, without penalty; provided that any such 
prepayment will be applied first to the payment of unpaid expenses accrued 
under this Note, second to unpaid interest accrued on this Note, and third, 
if the amount of prepayment exceeds the amount of all such expenses and 
accrued interest, to the unpaid principal amount of this Note.

At Holder’s election, at any time prior to payment or prepayment of this 
Note in full, all principal and accrued interest under this Note may be 
converted in whole, but not in part, into shares of common stock of Maker 
(the “Conversion Shares”).  For each $.25 converted, Holder shall receive 
one share of common stock.  With respect to the Conversion Shares, Maker 
shall grant Holder “piggyback” registration rights, which contain such 
terms and restrictions as Maker reasonably determines.

In the event any interest is paid on this Note which is deemed to be in 
excess of the then legal maximum rate, then that portion of the interest 
payment representing an amount in excess of the then legal maximum rate 
shall be deemed a payment of principal and applied against the unpaid 
principal amount of this Note.

The Maker hereby waives presentment for payment, demand, notice of dishonor 
and protest of this Note, and further agrees that this Note shall be deemed 
to have been made under and shall be governed by and construed in 
accordance with the laws of the State of Florida in all respects, including 
matters of construction, validity and performance, and that none of its 
terms or provisions may be waived, altered, modified or amended except as 
Holder may expressly consent thereto in a writing duly executed by an 
authorized representative of Holder. The federal or state courts located in 
Miami-Dade County, Florida, shall have exclusive jurisdiction in connection 
with all matters which may arise under or in connection with this Note, and 
the Maker shall not assert that any action brought in such forum is 
inconvenient and should be moved to another jurisdiction.  Venue shall be 
had exclusively in the state and federal courts located in Miami-Dade 
County, Florida, to the exclusion of all other places of venue.

The Maker agrees to pay all costs in connection with this Note, including 
any applicable documentary stamps. All of the terms of this Note shall 
inure to the benefit of the Holder and its successors and assigns and shall 
be binding upon the Maker and its successors and assigns.

------------------------------------------------------------------------


IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Maker has executed this Note as of the day and year 
first above written.


MAKER:

CLS HOLDINGS USA, INC.


By:    /s/ Jeffrey I. Binder                                             
Name:  Jeffrey I. Binder
Title: Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer

 

