 EX-10.2 4 d260662dex102.htm EX-10.2
Exhibit 10.2

EXECUTION VERSION




TAX MATTERS AGREEMENT

by and between

XEROX CORPORATION

and

CONDUENT INCORPORATED
 

 

As of December 30, 2016
 

 

------------------------------------------------------------------------
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
  	  	  	   	Page 	 
ARTICLE I 	  
Certain Definitions and Other Matters 	  
ARTICLE II 	  
Allocation of Tax Liabilities and Benefits 	  
SECTION 2.01. 	  	
 Indemnity by Parent
   	  	6 	  
SECTION 2.02. 	  	
 Indemnity by Spinco
   	  	6 	  
SECTION 2.03. 	  	
 Allocation of Ordinary Taxes
   	  	7 	  
SECTION 2.04. 	  	
 Allocation of Transaction Taxes
   	  	7 	  
SECTION 2.05. 	  	
 Allocation of Reorganization Taxes
   	  	9 	  
SECTION 2.06. 	  	
 Allocation of Transfer Taxes
   	  	10 	  
SECTION 2.07. 	  	
 Refunds and Credits
   	  	10 	  
SECTION 2.08. 	  	
 No Duplicative Payment
   	  	10 	  
SECTION 2.09. 	  	
 Amount of Indemnity Payments
   	  	10 	  
SECTION 2.10. 	  	
 Treatment of Indemnity Payments
   	  	11 	  
ARTICLE III 	  
Preparation and Filing of Tax Returns, Payment of Taxes and Tax Contests 	  

SECTION 3.01. 	  	
 Parent Responsibility for Preparing Tax Returns
   	  	11 	  
SECTION 3.02. 	  	
 Spinco Responsibility for Preparing Tax Returns
   	  	11 	  
SECTION 3.03. 	  	
 Method of Preparing Tax Returns
   	  	11 	  
SECTION 3.04. 	  	
 Information Packages
   	  	12 	  
SECTION 3.05. 	  	
 Filing of Tax Returns and Payment of Taxes
   	  	12 	  
SECTION 3.06. 	  	
 Adjustment Requests (Including Amended Tax Returns)
   	  	13 	  
SECTION 3.07. 	  	
 Tax Contests
   	  	13 	  
SECTION 3.08. 	  	
 Expenses and Applicability
   	  	14 	  
ARTICLE IV 	  
Tax Matters Relating to the Spin-Off 	  
SECTION 4.01. 	  	
 Mutual Representations
   	  	14 	  
SECTION 4.02. 	  	
 Mutual Covenants
   	  	14 	  
SECTION 4.03. 	  	
 Termination of Tax Sharing Agreements
   	  	14 	  
SECTION 4.04. 	  	
 Restricted Actions
   	  	15 	  
SECTION 4.05. 	  	
 Consent To Take Certain Restricted Actions
   	  	16 	  
SECTION 4.06. 	  	
 Procedures Regarding Opinions and Rulings
   	  	17 	  
SECTION 4.07. 	  	
 Notification and Certification Regarding Certain Acquisition Transactions
   	  	18 	  
 
i

------------------------------------------------------------------------
SECTION 4.08. 	  	
 Tax Reporting of the Spin-Off
   	  	18 	  
SECTION 4.09. 	  	
 Actions after the Distribution on the Distribution Date
   	  	18 	  
SECTION 4.10. 	  	
 Actions after the Distribution Date for Remainder of Calendar Year
   	  	18 	  
SECTION 4.11. 	  	
 Protective Section 336(e) Election
   	  	19 	  
ARTICLE V 	  
Procedural Matters 	  
SECTION 5.01. 	  	
 Cooperation
   	  	19 	  
SECTION 5.02. 	  	
 Indemnification Claims and Payments
   	  	20 	  
SECTION 5.03. 	  	
 Tax Disputes
   	  	20 	  
ARTICLE VI 	  
Miscellaneous 	  
SECTION 6.01. 	  	
 Counterparts; Entire Agreement
   	  	21 	  
SECTION 6.02. 	  	
 Governing Law; Jurisdiction
   	  	21 	  
SECTION 6.03. 	  	
 Assignability
   	  	21 	  
SECTION 6.04. 	  	
 Third-Party Beneficiaries
   	  	22 	  
SECTION 6.05. 	  	
 Notices
   	  	22 	  
SECTION 6.06. 	  	
 Severability
   	  	23 	  
SECTION 6.07. 	  	
 Expenses
   	  	23 	  
SECTION 6.08. 	  	
 Headings
   	  	23 	  
SECTION 6.09. 	  	
 Survival of Covenants
   	  	23 	  
SECTION 6.10. 	  	
 Waivers of Default
   	  	23 	  
SECTION 6.11. 	  	
 Specific Performance
   	  	24 	  
SECTION 6.12. 	  	
 Amendments
   	  	24 	  
SECTION 6.13. 	  	
 Interpretation
   	  	24 	  
SECTION 6.14. 	  	
 Late Payments
   	  	24 	  
SECTION 6.15. 	  	
 Further Assurances
   	  	24 	  
SECTION 6.16. 	  	
 Termination
   	  	25 	  
SECTION 6.17. 	  	
 Confidentiality
   	  	25 	  
 
Appendix A 	   	-   	   	Intended Tax Treatment 	   	
Appendix B 	   	-   	   	Foreign Reorganization 	   	
Appendix C 	   	-   	   	Ordinary Tax Allocation 	   	
Appendix D 	   	-   	   	Specially Allocated Refunds and Credits 	   	
 
ii

------------------------------------------------------------------------
This TAX MATTERS AGREEMENT (this “Agreement”) is entered into as of 
December 30, 2016, by and between XEROX CORPORATION, a New York corporation 
(“Parent”), and CONDUENT INCORPORATED, a New York corporation and a wholly 
owned subsidiary of Parent (“Spinco” and, together with Parent, the “
Parties”).


W I T N E S S E T H:

WHEREAS Spinco is a wholly owned subsidiary of Parent and a member of its 
consolidated group;

WHEREAS, pursuant to an agreement dated as of the date of this Agreement 
(the “Separation Agreement”), Parent and Spinco have effected or agreed to 
effect the Separation and the Distribution (together, the “Spin-Off”);

WHEREAS the Parties intend that each step of the Internal Transactions, the 
Contribution and the Distribution qualify for its Intended Tax Treatment; 
and

WHEREAS the Parties desire to provide for and agree upon the allocation of 
liability for Taxes arising prior to, as a result of, and subsequent to the 
Spin-Off, and to provide for and agree upon certain other matters relating 
to Taxes.

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants contained in this 
Agreement, and intending to be legally bound, the parties hereto agree as 
follows:


ARTICLE I

Certain Definitions and Other Matters

For purposes of this Agreement (including the recitals hereof), the 
following terms have the following meanings. Capitalized terms used but not 
defined in this Agreement have the meanings ascribed to them in the 
Separation Agreement.

“10% Acquisition Transaction” has the meaning set forth in Section 4.07(b).

“Active Trade or Business” means the active conduct (determined in 
accordance with Section 355(b) of the Code) of the trade or business 
described in the Tax Opinion Representations for purposes of satisfying the 
requirements of Section 355(b) of the Code as it applies to the 
Distribution with respect to Spinco.

“Adjustment Request” means any formal or informal claim or request made or 
filed with any Tax Authority for the adjustment, refund, credit or offset 
of Taxes, including any amended Tax Return claiming adjustment to the Taxes 
as reported on that Tax Return or, if applicable, to such Taxes as 
previously adjusted.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
“Agreement” has the meaning ascribed to such term in the preamble.

“CFC” means a “controlled foreign corporation” (within the meaning of 
Section 957(a) of the Code or any comparable state, local or foreign Law).

“Code” means the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended.

“Contribution” means the transfer or deemed transfer of Conduent Assets by 
Parent to Spinco (in one or more steps) in exchange for Conduent stock 
(and, if applicable, securities), the assumption of the Conduent 
Liabilities and cash as part of the Reorganization.

“Cravath” means Cravath, Swaine & Moore LLP.

“Cravath Tax Opinion” means the written opinion of Cravath issued to Parent 
and dated as of the Distribution Date to the effect that each step of the 
Internal Transactions, the Contribution and the Distribution should qualify 
for its Intended Tax Treatment for U.S. Federal income Tax purposes.

“Final Determination” means (i) any final determination of liability in 
respect of a Tax that, under applicable Law, is not subject to further 
appeal, review or modification through proceedings or otherwise (including 
the expiration of a statute of limitations or period for the filing of 
claims for refunds, amended Tax Returns or appeals from adverse 
determinations), including a “determination” as defined in Section 1313(a) 
of the Code or execution of an IRS Form 870AD or other similar form, or 
(ii) the payment of Tax by a Party (or its Subsidiary) that is responsible 
for payment of that Tax under applicable Law, or the execution of an IRS 
Form 870 or other similar form, with respect to any item disallowed or 
adjusted by a Tax Authority, as long as the responsible Party determines 
that no action should be taken to recoup that payment or file a claim for 
refund with respect to that item, and the other Party agrees.

“Foreign Reorganization” means the steps of the Spin-Off set forth on 
Appendix B.

“Foreign Reorganization Threshold Amount” has the meaning ascribed to such 
term in Appendix B.

“Indemnifying Party” means a Party from which indemnification is or may be 
sought under this Agreement.

“Indemnitee” means any Person entitled to indemnification pursuant to this 
Agreement.

“Indemnity Payment” means an indemnity payment contemplated by any 
Transaction Agreement.
 
2

------------------------------------------------------------------------
“Intended Tax Treatment” means, with respect to each step of the Internal 
Transactions, the Contribution and the Distribution, the Tax consequences 
set forth for such step on Appendix A.

“IRS” means the U.S. Internal Revenue Service.

“Non-US Spinco Member” means (i) any member of the Spinco Tax Group other 
than a member that is incorporated, organized or otherwise formed under the 
laws of the United States or any state thereof or the District of Columbia 
and (ii) any member of the Spinco Tax Group formed under the laws of the 
United States or any state thereof or the District of Columbia that is 
owned, in whole or in part, directly or indirectly, by any member of the 
Spinco Tax Group described in clause (i).

“Ordinary Course of Business” means an action taken by a Person if that 
action is taken in the ordinary course of the normal day-to-day operations 
of that Person.

“Ordinary Taxes” means Taxes other than (i) Transfer Taxes, (ii) 
Transaction Taxes and (iii) Reorganization Taxes.

“Parent” has the meaning ascribed to such term in the preamble.

“Parent Consolidated Group” means any consolidated, combined, unitary or 
similar group of which (i) any member of the Parent Tax Group is or was a 
member and (ii) any member of the Spinco Tax Group is or was a member.

“Parent Tax Group” means (i) Parent, (ii) any Person that is or was a 
Subsidiary of Parent at any time prior to the Distribution, excluding each 
member of the Spinco Tax Group, and (iii) any Person that becomes a 
Subsidiary of Parent at any time after the Distribution.

“Parties” has the meaning ascribed to such term in the preamble.

“Post-Distribution Period” means any taxable period (or portion thereof) 
beginning after the Distribution Date.

“Pre-Distribution Period” means any taxable period (or portion thereof) 
ending on or before the Distribution Date.

“Proposed Acquisition Transaction” has the meaning ascribed to such term in 
Section 4.04(b).

“Protective Section 336(e) Election” means the election to be made pursuant 
to Section 4.11 of this Agreement.

“Records” has the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 5.01.

“Regulations” means the Treasury Regulations promulgated under the Code.
 
3

------------------------------------------------------------------------
“Reorganization Tax” means, with respect to each step of the Foreign 
Reorganization, the aggregate Tax liability (other than liability for 
Transfer Taxes), as determined by Parent, of the Parent Tax Group and the 
Spinco Tax Group for such step.

“Restricted Period” has the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 4.04.

“Ruling” means a private letter ruling (including any supplemental ruling) 
issued by the IRS in connection with the Spin-Off, whether granted prior 
to, on or after the date hereof.

“Satisfactory Guidance” has the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 
4.05(b).

“Section 336(e) Tax Basis” has the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 
2.04(d).

“Separation Agreement” has the meaning ascribed to such term in the 
recitals.

“Spin-Off” has the meaning ascribed to such term in the recitals.

“Spinco” has the meaning ascribed to such term in the preamble.

“Spinco Capital Stock” means (i) all classes or series of stock or other 
equity interests in Spinco and (ii) all instruments properly treated as 
stock in Spinco for U.S. Federal income Tax purposes.

“Spinco Tax Group” means (i) Spinco, (ii) any Person that is or was a 
Subsidiary of Spinco as of the Distribution or at any time prior to the 
Distribution, (iii) any Person that was a Subsidiary of one or more Persons 
described in clause (ii) at any time prior to the Distribution and (iv) any 
Person that becomes a Subsidiary of Spinco at any time after the 
Distribution but excluding, in the case of clause (ii) or (iii), any Person 
that is a Subsidiary of Parent immediately after the Distribution.

“Straddle Period” means any taxable period that includes (but does not end 
on) the Distribution Date.

“Tax” means all forms of taxation or duties imposed by a Governmental 
Authority, in each case in the nature of a tax, together with any related 
interest, penalties or other additions to tax.

“Tax Advisor” means a Tax counsel or accountant of recognized national 
standing in the relevant jurisdiction.

“Tax Asset Value” has the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 
2.04(d)(i).
 
4

------------------------------------------------------------------------
“Tax Authority” means any Governmental Authority charged with the 
determination, collection or imposition of Taxes.

“Tax Benefit” means any Tax refund or other reduction of Taxes paid or 
currently payable as a result of a credit or offset or the Tax effect of 
any item of loss, deduction or credit or any other item (including 
increases in Tax basis).

“Tax Contest” means an audit, review, examination or other administrative 
or judicial proceeding, in each case by any Tax Authority.

“Tax Dispute” has the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 5.03.

“Tax Opinions/Rulings” means (i) any Ruling and (ii) any opinion of a Tax 
Advisor relating to the Spin-Off, including the Cravath Tax Opinion and any 
opinion issued to allow a party to take actions otherwise prohibited under 
Section 4.04(a) of this Agreement.

“Tax Opinion Representations” means the representations regarding certain 
facts in existence at the applicable time made by Parent and Spinco that 
serve as a basis for the Cravath Tax Opinion.

“Tax Return” means any report of Taxes due, any claims for a refund, credit 
or offset of Taxes paid, any information return with respect to Taxes, or 
any other similar report, statement, declaration, or document required or 
permitted to be filed under applicable Tax Law, including any attachments, 
exhibits, or other materials submitted with any of the foregoing, and any 
amendments or supplements to any of the foregoing.

“Tax Return Preparer” means, with respect to any Tax Return that Parent is 
responsible for filing under Section 3.01, Parent and, with respect to any 
Tax Return that Spinco is responsible for filing under Section 3.02, 
Spinco.

“Transaction Agreements” means this Agreement, the Separation Agreement and 
any Ancillary Agreement.

“Transaction Tax Allocation Percentage” means, with respect to a Party, the 
quotient, expressed as a percentage and rounded to two (2) decimal points, 
of the market capitalization of the Party divided by the sum of the market 
capitalizations of each Party. The market capitalization of a Party means 
the product of: (i) the volume-weighted average trading price per share of 
the common stock of that Party for the twenty (20) consecutive trading days 
beginning on and following the first trading day following the Distribution 
Date, as quoted by Bloomberg Financial Services through its “Volume at 
Price” function, rounded to the nearest whole cent, multiplied by (ii) the 
arithmetic average of the number of shares of that Party’s common stock 
outstanding, on a fully diluted basis, on each of such twenty (20) trading 
days, rounded to two (2) decimal points.

“Transaction Tax Contest” means a Tax Contest with the purpose or effect of 
determining or redetermining Transaction Taxes.
 
5

------------------------------------------------------------------------
“Transaction Taxes” means all (i) Taxes imposed on Parent, Spinco or any of 
their respective Subsidiaries resulting from the failure of any step of the 
Internal Transactions, the Contribution or the Distribution to qualify for 
its Intended Tax Treatment, (ii) Taxes imposed on any third party resulting 
from the failure of any step of the Internal Transactions, the Contribution 
or the Distribution to qualify for its Intended Tax Treatment for which 
Parent, Spinco or any of their respective Subsidiaries is or becomes liable 
for any reason and (iii) reasonable, out-of-pocket legal, accounting and 
other advisory or court fees incurred in connection with liability for 
Taxes described in clause (i) or (ii).

“Transfer Taxes” means any sales, use, stamp, duty or other transfer Taxes.

“Treasury Regulations” means the Treasury regulations promulgated under the 
Code.

“Unqualified Tax Opinion” has the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 
4.05(c).


ARTICLE II

Allocation of Tax Liabilities and Benefits

SECTION 2.01. Indemnity by Parent. From and after the Distribution, Parent 
shall be liable for, and shall indemnify, save and hold harmless Spinco 
from, the following Taxes, whether incurred directly by Spinco or 
indirectly through a member of the Spinco Tax Group, without duplication:

(a) Ordinary Taxes allocated to Parent under Section 2.03;

(b) Transaction Taxes allocated to Parent under Section 2.04;

(c) Reorganization Taxes allocated to Parent under Section 2.05; and

(d) Transfer Taxes allocated to Parent under Section 2.06.

SECTION 2.02. Indemnity by Spinco. From and after the Distribution, Spinco 
shall be liable for, and shall indemnify, save and hold harmless Parent 
from, the following Taxes, whether incurred directly by Parent or 
indirectly through a member of the Parent Tax Group, without duplication:

(a) Ordinary Taxes allocated to Spinco under Section 2.03;

(b) Transaction Taxes allocated to Spinco under Section 2.04;

(c) Reorganization Taxes allocated to Spinco under Section 2.05; and

(d) Transfer Taxes allocated to Spinco under Section 2.06.
 
6

------------------------------------------------------------------------
SECTION 2.03. Allocation of Ordinary Taxes. (a) For any Pre-Distribution 
Period:

(i) Ordinary Taxes of Parent and its Subsidiaries that are attributable to 
the BPO Business shall be allocated to Spinco; and

(ii) all other Ordinary Taxes of Parent and its Subsidiaries shall be 
allocated to Parent.

The determination of whether Ordinary Taxes of Parent and its Subsidiaries 
are attributable to the Spinco Business shall be made according to the 
methodology set forth in Appendix C.

(b) For any Post-Distribution Period:

(i) Ordinary Taxes of Parent and its Subsidiaries shall be allocated to 
Parent; and

(ii) Ordinary Taxes of Spinco and its Subsidiaries shall be allocated to 
Spinco.

(c) In the case of any Straddle Period, Taxes shall be allocated between 
the Pre-Distribution Period and the Post-Distribution Period, in the case 
of: (i) real, personal and intangible property Taxes, on a daily pro rata 
basis; and (ii) other Taxes, as if the relevant taxable period ended as of 
the close of business on the Distribution Date. In the case of any such 
other Taxes attributable to the ownership of any equity interest in any 
partnership, other “flowthrough” entity or CFC, such Taxes shall be 
allocated between the Pre-Distribution Period and the Post-Distribution 
Period as if the taxable period of such partnership, other “flowthrough” 
entity or CFC ended as of the close of business on the Distribution Date 
(whether or not such Taxes arise in a Straddle Period of the applicable 
owner).

(d) Notwithstanding the foregoing, (i) to the extent Ordinary Taxes of 
Parent, Spinco or their respective Subsidiaries consist of interest, 
penalties or other additions to tax that result from any member of the 
Parent Tax Group’s action or omission in breach of Section 3.05 of this 
Agreement (except for an action or omission resulting from any member of 
the Spinco Tax Group’s action or omission in breach of Section 3.04 of this 
Agreement), such Ordinary Taxes shall be allocated to Parent to such extent 
and (ii) to the extent any such Ordinary Taxes consist of interest, 
penalties or other additions to tax that result from any member of the 
Spinco Tax Group’s action or omission in breach of Section 3.05 of this 
Agreement (except for an action or omission resulting from any member of 
the Parent Tax Group’s action or omission in breach of Section 3.04 of this 
Agreement), such Ordinary Taxes shall be allocated to Spinco to such 
extent.

SECTION 2.04. Allocation of Transaction Taxes. (a) Transaction Taxes shall 
be allocated to Spinco to the extent such Transaction Taxes result from:

(i) the failure to be true and correct of any Tax Opinion Representation 
made by Spinco;
 
7

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(ii) any action or omission by any member of the Spinco Tax Group in breach 
of any covenant or agreement contained in any Transaction Agreement;

(iii) any action by Spinco or any of its Affiliates described in Section 
4.04, without regard to Section 4.05;

(iv) the direct or indirect acquisition after the Distribution by one or 
more Persons of stock in Spinco that results in Transaction Taxes as a 
result of the application of Section 355(a)(1)(B) or Section 355(e) of the 
Code; or

(v) any other action or omission by any member of the Spinco Tax Group that 
Spinco knows or reasonably should expect could give rise to Transaction 
Taxes.

(b) Transaction Taxes shall be allocated to Parent to the extent such 
Transaction Taxes result from:

(i) the failure to be true and correct of any Tax Opinion Representation 
made by Parent;

(ii) any action or omission by any member of the Parent Tax Group in breach 
of any covenant or agreement contained in any Transaction Agreement;

(iii) the direct or indirect acquisition after the Distribution by one or 
more Persons of stock in Parent that results in Transaction Taxes as a 
result of the application of Section 355(a)(1)(B) or Section 355(e) of the 
Code; or

(iv) any other action or omission by any member of the Parent Tax Group 
that Parent knows or reasonably should expect could give rise to 
Transaction Taxes.

(c) Notwithstanding clause (a) or (b) of this Section, if a Transaction Tax 
would be allocated under neither clause (a) nor (b) of this Section or 
would be allocated under both clauses (a) and (b) of this Section, the 
Transaction Tax shall be allocated between the Parties in accordance with 
each Party’s relative Transaction Tax Allocation Percentage.

(d) Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, if the 
Contribution or Distribution fails to qualify (in whole or in part) for its 
Intended Tax Treatment and, as a result of such failure, either alone or 
together with the Protective Section 336(e) Election, Spinco or any member 
of the Spinco Tax Group realizes an increase in Tax basis (the “Section 
336(e) Tax Basis”), Spinco shall make annual payments to Parent in an 
amount equal to the product of (i) the Tax Asset Value for the applicable 
taxable year multiplied by (ii) one hundred percent minus the percentage of 
the Transaction Taxes that resulted from such failure that Spinco paid 
(either to Parent or directly to the applicable Tax Authority).
 
8

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(i) For purposes of this Agreement, “Tax Asset Value” for a taxable year 
means the product of (A)(1) the total depreciation and amortization claimed 
on any member of the Spinco Tax Group’s U.S. Federal income Tax Return for 
such taxable year to the extent arising out of the Section 336(e) Tax Basis 
plus (2) any portion of the Section 336(e) Tax Basis that is taken into 
account in determining gain or loss in a taxable transaction and (B) the 
combined U.S. Federal and state income Tax rate used by Spinco for 
financial accounting purposes for such taxable year, as adjusted under 
Section 2.04(d)(ii).

(ii) If any deferred tax asset resulting from any depreciation or 
amortization described in Section 2.04(d)(i)(A)(1) claimed for the 
applicable tax year is properly reduced or offset by a valuation allowance 
in Spinco’s consolidated U.S. financial statements prepared in accordance 
with GAAP for such taxable year, the Tax Asset Value for such taxable year 
will be reduced, but not below zero, by the amount of such valuation 
allowance. If any valuation allowance previously taken into account in the 
determination of the Tax Asset Value under the previous sentence is 
released or reduced in Spinco’s consolidated U.S. financial statements 
prepared in accordance with GAAP for a taxable year, the Tax Asset Value 
for such taxable year will be increased by an amount equal to the amount of 
such release or reduction.

(iii) Any payment made pursuant to this paragraph (d) shall be made on or 
before the date on which Spinco files its U.S. Federal income Tax Return 
for the applicable taxable year.

(e) Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, if Transaction 
Taxes are incurred other than as a result of the Contribution or the 
Distribution failing to qualify (in whole or in part) for its Intended Tax 
Treatment or Reorganization Taxes are incurred in excess of the amount 
allocated to Parent under the first sentence of Section 2.05 and, as a 
result of such Transaction Taxes or Reorganization Taxes, any member of the 
Parent Tax Group or the Spinco Tax Group actually realizes a Tax Benefit, 
then the Parties shall make appropriate payments to share the Tax Benefit 
in the same manner as the Taxes were allocated pursuant to this Agreement 
(provided that no Tax shall be considered to be allocated to a Party for 
purposes of computing a payment under this Section 2.04(e) to the extent 
such other Party owes but has not yet paid any amount in respect of such 
Tax).

SECTION 2.05. Allocation of Reorganization Taxes. Reorganization Taxes for 
the Foreign Reorganization shall be allocated to Parent up to an amount 
equal to the sum of (i) the sum of the amounts set forth for each step of 
the Foreign Reorganization on Appendix B and (ii) the Foreign 
Reorganization Threshold Amount. Any excess shall be allocated to Spinco to 
the extent such excess results from an action or omission by any member of 
the Spinco Tax Group in breach of Section 4.10 and otherwise shall be 
allocated between the Parties in accordance with each Party’s relative 
Transaction Tax Allocation Percentage.
 
9

------------------------------------------------------------------------
SECTION 2.06. Allocation of Transfer Taxes. (a) All Transfer Taxes incurred 
as a result of the Spin-Off for which any member of the Parent Tax Group is 
primarily or in the first instance responsible under applicable Law shall 
be allocated to Parent and all such Transfer Taxes for which any member of 
the Spinco Tax Group is primarily or in the first instance responsible 
under applicable Law shall be allocated to Spinco.

(b) Notwithstanding clause (a) of this Section, if a Transfer Tax would be 
allocated under clause (a) of this Section to neither Parent nor Spinco or 
to both Parent and Spinco, then 50% of such Transfer Tax shall be allocated 
to Parent and 50% of such Transfer Tax shall be allocated to Spinco.

SECTION 2.07. Refunds and Credits. Except to the extent provided in 
Appendix D, if Parent, Spinco or any of their respective Subsidiaries 
receives a refund of a Tax for which the other Party is liable (in whole or 
in part) under this Agreement (a “Refund Recipient”), such Refund Recipient 
shall pay to the other Party, within 30 days of receipt of such refund, an 
amount equal to the product of (i) such refund, net of any Taxes and 
reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with the receipt 
of such refund, multiplied by (ii) the percentage of such Tax for which the 
other Party is liable under this Agreement (reduced to the extent such 
other Party owes but has not yet paid any amount in respect of such Tax 
under this Agreement). If a Party would be a Refund Recipient but for the 
fact it elected to apply a refund to which it would otherwise have been 
entitled against a Tax liability arising in a subsequent taxable period, 
then for purposes of the immediately preceding sentence, such Party shall 
be treated as a Refund Recipient with respect to such refund, and shall be 
treated as receiving such refund on the due date of the Tax Return to which 
such refund is applied to reduce the subsequent Tax liability. To the 
extent specified in Appendix C, the Parties shall make payments to each 
other in respect of certain Tax attributes.

SECTION 2.08. No Duplicative Payment. (a) Notwithstanding anything to the 
contrary in this Agreement, it is intended that the provisions of this 
Agreement will not result in a duplicative payment of any amount required 
to be paid under the Transaction Agreements, and this Agreement will be 
construed accordingly.

(b) Spinco shall be treated as having paid Taxes for which it is liable 
under this Agreement to the extent any amounts in respect of such Taxes 
were either paid by any member of the Spinco Tax Group to Parent or to the 
applicable Tax Authority or were taken into account in determining the 
amount of any Intercompany Account settled as part of the Spin-Off, in each 
case as determined by Parent.

SECTION 2.09. Amount of Indemnity Payments. The amount of any Indemnity 
Payment shall be (i) reduced to take into account any Tax Benefit actually 
realized by the indemnitee resulting from the incurrence of the liability 
in respect of which the Indemnity Payment is made and (ii) increased to 
take into account any Tax cost actually realized by the indemnitee 
resulting from the receipt of the Indemnity
 
10

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Payment (including any Tax cost arising from such Indemnity Payment having 
resulted in income or gain to either Party, for example, under Section 
1.1502-19 of the Regulations, and any Taxes imposed on additional amounts 
payable pursuant to this clause).

SECTION 2.10. Treatment of Indemnity Payments. Any Indemnity Payment (other 
than any portion of a payment that represents interest) shall be treated by 
Parent and Spinco for all Tax purposes as a distribution from Spinco to 
Parent immediately prior to the Distribution (if made by Spinco to Parent) 
or as a contribution from Parent to Spinco immediately prior to the 
Distribution (if made by Parent to Spinco), except as otherwise required by 
applicable Law or a Final Determination.


ARTICLE III

Preparation and Filing of Tax Returns, Payment of Taxes and Tax Contests

SECTION 3.01. Parent Responsibility for Preparing Tax Returns. Parent shall 
timely prepare, or cause to be prepared, all Tax Returns of the Parent Tax 
Group and the Spinco Tax Group for any taxable period beginning before the 
Distribution Date other than Tax Returns described in Section 3.02. If 
Spinco is responsible for filing any such Tax Return under Section 3.05(a), 
Parent shall, subject to Section 3.03, promptly deliver such prepared Tax 
Return to Spinco reasonably in advance of the applicable filing deadline.

SECTION 3.02. Spinco Responsibility for Preparing Tax Returns. Spinco shall 
timely prepare, or cause to be prepared, all Tax Returns for the Spinco Tax 
Group for any taxable period beginning before the Distribution Date if such 
Tax Returns are of a type that a member of the Spinco Tax Group has 
historically been responsible for preparing. If Parent is responsible for 
filing any such Tax Return under Section 3.05(a), Spinco shall, subject to 
Section 3.03, promptly deliver such prepared Tax Return to Parent 
reasonably in advance of the applicable filing deadline.

SECTION 3.03. Method of Preparing Tax Returns. Any Tax Return described in 
Section 3.01 or Section 3.02 shall be correct and complete in all material 
respects. To the extent that any such Tax Return directly relates to 
matters for which the other Party is reasonably expected to have an 
indemnification obligation to the Tax Return Preparer, or that may give 
rise to a refund to which that other Party would be entitled, under this 
Agreement, the Tax Return Preparer shall (i) prepare the relevant portions 
of the Tax Return on a basis consistent with past practice, except (w) as 
necessary to reflect the Spin-Off, (x) as required by applicable Law or to 
correct any clear error, (y) as a result of changes or elections made on 
any Tax Return of a Parent Consolidated Group that do not relate primarily 
to Spinco or (z) as mutually agreed by the Parties; (ii) notify the other 
Party of any such portions not prepared on a basis consistent with past 
practice; (iii) provide the other Party a commercially reasonable 
opportunity to review the relevant portions of the Tax Return; (iv) 
consider in good faith any reasonable comments made by the other Party; and 
(v) use commercially reasonable efforts to incorporate, in the portion of 
such Tax Return related to the other Party’s potential indemnification 
obligation (or refund entitlement), any reasonable comments made by the 
other Party relating to the Tax Return Preparer’s compliance with clause 
(i).
 
11

------------------------------------------------------------------------
SECTION 3.04. Information Packages. Each Party (i) shall provide to the 
other Party (in the format reasonably determined by the other Party) all 
information and assistance requested by the other Party as reasonably 
necessary to prepare any Tax Return described in Section 3.01 or 3.02 on a 
timely basis consistent with the current practices of Parent and its 
Subsidiaries in preparing Tax Returns and (ii) in so providing such 
information and assistance, shall use any systems and third-party service 
providers as are consistent with the current practices of Parent and its 
Subsidiaries in preparing Tax Returns.

SECTION 3.05. Filing of Tax Returns and Payment of Taxes. (a) Each Party 
shall execute and timely file, or cause to be executed and timely filed, 
each Tax Return that it (or one of its Subsidiaries) is responsible for 
filing under applicable Law and shall timely pay, or cause to be paid, to 
the relevant Tax Authority any amount shown as due on each such Tax Return. 
The obligation to make payments pursuant to this Section 3.05(a) shall not 
affect a Party’s right, if any, to receive payments under Section 3.05(b) 
or otherwise be indemnified with respect to the applicable Tax liability.

(b) In addition to its obligations under Section 3.03, the relevant Tax 
Return Preparer shall, no later than fifteen business days before the due 
date (including extensions) of any Tax Return described in Section 3.01 or 
3.02, notify the other Party of any amount (or any portion of any such 
amount) shown as due on that Tax Return for which the other Party must 
indemnify the Tax Return Preparer under this Agreement. The other Party 
shall pay such amount to the Tax Return Preparer no later than the due date 
(including extensions) of the relevant Tax Return. A failure by an 
Indemnitee to give notice as provided in this Section 3.05(b) shall not 
relieve the Indemnifying Party’s indemnification obligations under this 
Agreement, except to the extent that the Indemnifying Party shall have been 
actually prejudiced by such failure.

(c) Any notice provided pursuant to Section 3.05(b) shall include a written 
statement setting forth (i) the aggregate amount of Tax shown as due on the 
applicable Tax Return and (ii) back-up calculations showing the amount for 
which the other Party must indemnify the Tax Return Preparer under this 
Agreement. In the case where any portion of such amount represents income 
attributable to the ownership of any equity interest in any partnership, 
other “flowthrough” entity or CFC, the taxable period of which was a 
Straddle Period, such back-up calculations shall set forth the hypothetical 
“closing of the books” of such partnership, other “flowthrough” entity or 
CFC pursuant to Section 2.03(c).

(d) In the case of any Tax Return that is required to be prepared by one 
Party under this Agreement and that is required by Law to be filed by 
another Party (or by its authorized representative), the latter Party will 
not be required to file such Tax Return under this Agreement if there is no 
substantial authority for the Tax treatment of any material Tax items 
reported on the Tax Return.
 
12

------------------------------------------------------------------------
SECTION 3.06. Adjustment Requests (Including Amended Tax Returns). (a) 
Spinco will not file any Adjustment Request with respect to any Tax for 
which Parent has an indemnification obligation under this Agreement or that 
would otherwise reasonably be expected to give rise to a Tax liability for 
which Parent would be responsible (and for which Parent may not seek 
indemnification under this Agreement) and Parent will not file any 
Adjustment Request with respect to any Tax for which Spinco has an 
indemnification obligation under this Agreement or that would otherwise 
reasonably be expected to give rise to a Tax liability for which Spinco 
would be responsible (and for which Spinco may not seek indemnification 
under this Agreement), in each case without the consent of the other Party 
(not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed). Any Adjustment 
Request that the Parties consent to make under this Section 3.06 will be 
prepared by the Tax Return Preparer for the Tax Return to be adjusted.

(b) Spinco and its Affiliates will make any available elections to waive 
the right to carry back any Tax attributes of any member of the Spinco Tax 
Group from any Post-Distribution Period to any Pre-Distribution Period of 
such member and will not make any affirmative election to claim any such 
carryback.

SECTION 3.07. Tax Contests. (a) Parent or Spinco, as applicable, shall, 
within 30 days of becoming aware of any Tax Contest (including a 
Transaction Tax Contest) that could reasonably be expected to cause the 
other Party to have an indemnification obligation (or refund entitlement) 
under this Agreement, notify the other Party of such Tax Contest and 
thereafter promptly forward or make available to the Indemnifying Party 
copies of notices and communications relating to the relevant portions of 
such Tax Contest. A failure by an Indemnitee to give notice as provided in 
this Section 3.07(a) (or to promptly forward any such notices or 
communications) shall not relieve the Indemnifying Party’s indemnification 
obligations under this Agreement, except to the extent that the 
Indemnifying Party shall have been actually prejudiced by such failure.

(b) Parent and Spinco each shall have the exclusive right to control the 
conduct and settlement of any Tax Contest, other than a Transaction Tax 
Contest, relating to any Tax Return that it is responsible for preparing 
pursuant to Section 3.01 or 3.02, as applicable. Notwithstanding the 
foregoing, if the conduct or settlement of any portion or aspect of any 
such Tax Contest could reasonably be expected to cause a Party to have an 
indemnification obligation (or refund entitlement) under this Agreement, 
then (i) the Indemnifying Party shall have the right to share joint control 
over the conduct and settlement of that portion or aspect and (ii) whether 
or not the Indemnifying Party exercises that right, the Indemnitee shall 
not accept or enter into any settlement without the consent of the 
Indemnifying Party (not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or 
delayed).

(c) Parent and Spinco shall have the right to control jointly the conduct 
and settlement of any Transaction Tax Contest. Notwithstanding the 
foregoing, Parent shall be entitled to control exclusively the conduct and 
settlement of any Transaction Tax Contest if Parent notifies Spinco that 
(notwithstanding the rights and obligations of the Parties under this 
Agreement) Parent agrees to pay (and indemnify Spinco against) any 
Transaction Taxes resulting from such Transaction Tax Contest.
 
13

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(d) In any case where the Parties control jointly the conduct and 
settlement of any Tax Contest (or portion or aspect thereof): (i) neither 
Party shall accept or enter into any settlement of such Tax Contest (or the 
relevant portion or aspect thereof) without the consent of the other Party 
(not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed), (ii) both 
Parties shall have a right to review and consent (not to be unreasonably 
withheld, conditioned or delayed) to any correspondence or filings to be 
submitted to any Tax Authority with respect to such Tax Contest (or the 
relevant portion or aspect thereof) and (iii) both Parties shall have the 
right to attend any formally scheduled meetings with any Tax Authority or 
hearings or proceedings before any judicial authority, in each case with 
respect to such Tax Contest (or the relevant portion or aspect thereof).

SECTION 3.08. Expenses and Applicability. (a) Each Party shall bear its own 
expenses in the course of any Tax Contest, other than expenses included in 
the definition of Transaction Taxes, which shall be governed by Article II.

(b) This Article III shall not apply before the Distribution.


ARTICLE IV

Tax Matters Relating to the Spin-Off

SECTION 4.01. Mutual Representations. Each Party represents that it knows 
of no fact, and has no plan or intention to take any action, that it knows 
or reasonably should expect, after consultation with a Tax Advisor, (i) is 
inconsistent with the qualification of any step of the Internal 
Transactions, the Contribution or the Distribution for its Intended Tax 
Treatment or (ii) would adversely affect the effectiveness or validity any 
Ruling that has been requested or received from the IRS.

SECTION 4.02. Mutual Covenants. (a) Each Party shall use its reasonable 
best efforts to cause the Cravath Tax Opinion to be issued, including by 
executing the Tax Opinion Representations requested by Cravath that are 
true and correct.

(b) Except as otherwise expressly required or permitted by the Transaction 
Agreements, after the Distribution neither Party shall take or fail to 
take, or cause or permit its respective Subsidiaries to take or fail to 
take, any action, if such action or omission would be inconsistent with its 
Tax Opinion Representations or the Intended Tax Treatment.

SECTION 4.03. Termination of Tax Sharing Agreements. Prior to the 
Distribution, the Parties shall terminate all Tax allocation or sharing 
agreements that are exclusively between one or more members of the Spinco 
Tax Group, on the one hand, and one or more members of the Parent Tax 
Group, on the other hand (other than this Agreement). Upon withdrawal, all 
rights and obligations under such agreements shall cease.
 
14

------------------------------------------------------------------------
SECTION 4.04. Restricted Actions. (a) Subject to Section 4.05, during the 
period that begins on the Distribution and ends on the second anniversary 
of the Distribution Date (the “Restricted Period”), Spinco will not (and 
will not cause or permit its Subsidiaries to), in any transaction or series 
of transactions:

(i) liquidate or partially liquidate Spinco or any other member of the 
Spinco Tax Group, whether by merger, consolidation, conversion or 
otherwise;

(ii) enter into or cause or permit any Proposed Acquisition Transaction;

(iii) redeem or otherwise repurchase (directly or indirectly) any Spinco 
Capital Stock, except to the extent such redemptions or repurchases meet 
the following requirements: (w) there is a good business purpose for the 
stock purchases, (x) the stock to be purchased is widely held, (y) the 
stock purchases will be made on the open market and (z) the aggregate 
amount of stock purchases will be less than 20% of the total value of the 
outstanding stock of Spinco (determined on the Distribution Date);

(iv) sell or transfer 50% or more of the gross assets of the Active Trade 
or Business or 50% or more of the consolidated gross assets that Spinco and 
its Subsidiaries held immediately before the Distribution (provided, 
however, that the foregoing shall not apply to (w) sales, transfers or 
dispositions of assets in the Ordinary Course of Business, (x) payments of 
cash to acquire assets from an unrelated Person in an arm’s length 
transaction, (y) sales, transfers or dispositions of assets to a Person 
that is disregarded as an entity separate from the transferor for U.S. 
Federal income Tax purposes or (z) any mandatory or optional repayments (or 
prepayments) of any indebtedness of Spinco or any of its Subsidiaries); or

(v) cause or permit Spinco and its Subsidiaries to cease to operate the 
Active Trade or Business in a manner substantially consistent with the 
operation of the Active Trade or Business immediately before the 
Distribution.

(b) (i) For purposes of this Agreement, “Proposed Acquisition Transaction” 
means any transaction or series of transactions (or any agreement, 
understanding or arrangement to enter into a transaction or series of 
transactions) as determined for purposes of Section 355(e) of the Code, in 
connection with which one or more Persons would (directly or indirectly) 
acquire, or have the right to acquire (including pursuant to an option, 
warrant or other conversion right), from any other Person or Persons, 
Spinco Capital Stock that, when combined with any other acquisitions of 
Spinco Capital Stock that occur after the Distribution (but excluding any 
other acquisition described in clause (ii)) comprises 20% or more of the 
value or the total combined voting power of all interests that are treated 
as outstanding equity in Spinco for U.S. Federal income Tax purposes 
immediately after such transaction or, in the case of a series of related 
transactions, immediately after any transaction in such series. For this
 
15

------------------------------------------------------------------------
purpose, any recapitalization, repurchase or redemption of Spinco Capital 
Stock and any amendment to the certificate of incorporation (or other 
organizational documents) of Spinco shall be treated as an indirect 
acquisition of Spinco Capital Stock by any shareholder to the extent such 
shareholder’s percentage interest in interests that are treated as 
outstanding equity in Spinco for U.S. Federal income Tax purposes increases 
by vote or value.

(ii) Notwithstanding the foregoing, a Proposed Acquisition Transaction 
shall not include (y) transfers on an established market of Spinco Capital 
Stock that are described in Safe Harbor VII of Section 1.355-7(d) of the 
Regulations or (z) issuances of Spinco Capital Stock that satisfy Safe 
Harbor VIII (relating to acquisitions in connection with a Person’s 
performance of services) or Safe Harbor IX (relating to acquisitions by a 
retirement plan of an employer) of Section 1.355-7(d) of the Regulations; 
provided, that such transaction or series of transactions shall constitute 
a Proposed Acquisition Transaction if meaningful factual diligence is 
necessary to establish that Section 4.04(b)(ii)(y) or (z) applies.

(c) If Spinco merges or consolidates with another Person to form a new 
Person, references in this Agreement to Spinco shall be to that new Person 
and Spinco Capital Stock shall refer to the capital stock or other relevant 
instruments or rights of that new Person.

(d) The provisions of this Section 4.04, including the definition of 
“Proposed Acquisition Transaction”, are intended to monitor compliance with 
Section 355 of the Code and shall be interpreted accordingly. Any 
clarification of, or change in, Section 355 of the Code or the Regulations 
thereunder shall be incorporated into this Section 4.04 and its 
interpretation.

SECTION 4.05. Consent To Take Certain Restricted Actions. (a) Spinco may 
(and may cause or permit its Subsidiaries to) take an action otherwise 
prohibited under Section 4.04(a) if, prior to taking such action, Parent 
provides consent. Parent may not withhold its consent if Spinco has 
provided it with Satisfactory Guidance.

(b) For purposes of this Agreement, “Satisfactory Guidance” means either a 
Ruling or an Unqualified Tax Opinion, at the election of Spinco, in either 
case satisfactory to Parent in both form and substance, including with 
respect to any underlying assumptions or representations and any legal 
analysis contained therein, and concluding that the proposed action will 
not cause any step of the Internal Transactions, the Contribution or the 
Distribution to fail to qualify for its Intended Tax Treatment for U.S. 
Federal income Tax purposes.

(c) For purposes of this Agreement, “Unqualified Tax Opinion” means an 
unqualified “will” opinion of a Tax Advisor that permits reliance by 
Parent. The Tax Advisor, in issuing its opinion, shall be permitted to rely 
on the validity and correctness, as of the date given, of any previously 
issued Tax Opinions/Rulings, unless such reliance would be unreasonable 
under the circumstances, and shall assume that each step of the Internal 
Transactions, the Contribution and the Distribution would have qualified 
for its Intended Tax Treatment for U.S. Federal income Tax purposes if the 
action in question did not occur.
 
16

------------------------------------------------------------------------
SECTION 4.06. Procedures Regarding Opinions and Rulings. (a) If Spinco 
notifies Parent that it desires to take a restricted action described in 
Section 4.04(a) and seeks Satisfactory Guidance for purposes of Section 
4.05, Parent, at the request of Spinco, shall use commercially reasonable 
efforts to expeditiously obtain, or assist Spinco in obtaining, such 
Satisfactory Guidance. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Parent shall not be 
required to take any action pursuant to this Section 4.06(a) if, upon 
request, Spinco fails to certify that all information and representations 
relating to Spinco or any Subsidiary of Spinco in the relevant documents 
are true, correct and complete or fails to obtain certification from any 
counterparty to any Proposed Acquisition Transaction that all information 
and representations relating to such counterparty in the relevant documents 
are true, correct and complete. Spinco shall reimburse Parent for all 
reasonable out-of-pocket costs and expenses incurred by Parent or any 
Subsidiary of Parent in obtaining Satisfactory Guidance within 30 days 
after receiving an invoice from Parent therefor.

(b) Parent shall have the right to obtain a Ruling, any other guidance from 
any Tax Authority or an opinion of Tax counsel or an accounting firm 
relating to the Spin-Off at any time in Parent’s sole discretion. Spinco, 
at the request of Parent, shall use commercially reasonable efforts to 
expeditiously obtain, or assist Parent in obtaining, any such Ruling, other 
guidance or opinion; provided, however, that Spinco shall not be required 
to make any representation or covenant that it does not reasonably believe 
is (and will continue to be) true, accurate and consistent with historical 
facts. Parent shall reimburse Spinco for all reasonable out-of-pocket costs 
and expenses incurred by Spinco or any Subsidiary of Spinco in obtaining a 
Ruling, other guidance or opinion requested by Parent within 30 days after 
receiving an invoice from Spinco therefor.

(c) Parent shall have exclusive control over the process of obtaining any 
Ruling or other guidance from any Tax Authority concerning the Spin-Off, 
and Spinco shall not independently seek any Ruling or other guidance 
concerning the Spin-Off at any time. In connection with any Ruling 
requested by Spinco pursuant to Section 4.06(a) or that can reasonably be 
expected to affect Spinco’s liabilities under this Agreement, Parent shall 
(i) keep Spinco informed of all material actions taken or proposed to be 
taken by Parent, (ii) reasonably in advance of the submission of any ruling 
request provide Spinco with a draft thereof, consider Spinco’s comments on 
such draft and provide Spinco with a final copy thereof and (iii) provide 
Spinco with notice reasonably in advance of, and (subject to the approval 
of the IRS) permit Spinco to attend, any formally scheduled meetings with 
the IRS that relate to such Ruling.

(d) Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, Spinco shall not seek 
a ruling with respect to a Pre-Distribution Period (whether or not relating 
to the Spin-Off) if Parent determines that there is a reasonable 
possibility that such action could have a material adverse impact on Parent 
or any Subsidiary of Parent.
 
17

------------------------------------------------------------------------
SECTION 4.07. Notification and Certification Regarding Certain Acquisition 
Transactions. (a) If Spinco proposes to enter into any 10% Acquisition 
Transaction or take any affirmative action to permit any 10% Acquisition 
Transaction to occur at any time during the 30-month period following the 
Distribution Date, Spinco shall undertake in good faith to provide Parent, 
no later than 30 days following the signing of any written agreement with 
respect to such 10% Acquisition Transaction or obtaining knowledge of the 
occurrence of any such 10% Acquisition Transaction that takes place without 
written agreement, with a written description of such transaction 
(including the type and amount of Spinco Capital Stock to be acquired) and 
a brief explanation as to why Spinco believes that such transaction does 
not result in the application of Section 355(a)(1)(B) or 355(e) of the Code 
to the Spin-Off.

(b) For purposes of this Agreement, “10% Acquisition Transaction” means any 
transaction or series of transactions that would be a Proposed Acquisition 
Transaction if the percentage specified in the definition of Proposed 
Acquisition Transaction were 10% instead of 20%.

SECTION 4.08. Tax Reporting of the Spin-Off. The Tax Returns of Parent, 
Spinco and their respective Affiliates will report the Tax items relating 
to the Spin-Off consistent with the Intended Tax Treatment and this 
Agreement, unless otherwise required by applicable Law or a Final 
Determination.

SECTION 4.09. Actions after the Distribution on the Distribution Date. 
Spinco will not take any action on the Distribution Date after the 
Distribution that is outside the ordinary course of business of Spinco.

SECTION 4.10. Actions after the Distribution Date for Remainder of Calendar 
Year. (a) From and after the Distribution Date, Spinco and its Subsidiaries 
shall not, without the prior consent of Parent, engage in, enter into, 
undertake or cause or permit any Non-US Spinco Member to engage in, enter 
into, or undertake any of the following actions or series of actions having 
an effective date on or before January 1 of the calendar year immediately 
following the calendar year in which the Distribution Date occurs:

(i) A distribution, whether in the form of a dividend, return of capital or 
otherwise;

(ii) A redemption or other repurchase (directly or indirectly) of any 
shares of capital stock of any Non-US Spinco Member;

(iii) Any loan or series of loans that would reasonably be expected to 
result in an inclusion under Section 956 of the Code;

(iv) Any merger, consolidation, amalgamation, combination, demerger, 
liquidation, conversion or other corporate restructuring having similar 
effect;

(v) A sale of assets to any Subsidiary of Spinco or to any unrelated party;
 
18

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(vi) A sale of any shares of any Subsidiary of Spinco to any other 
Subsidiary of Spinco or to any unrelated party;

(vii) The filing of a U.S. Internal Revenue Service Form 8832 with respect 
to any Non-US Spinco Member or any other action that would reasonably be 
expected to change the U.S. entity classification of any Non-US Spinco 
Member; or

(viii) Any similar actions or transactions outside of the Ordinary Course 
of Business of any Non-US Spinco Member that would reasonably be expected 
to impact the earnings and profits as determined for U.S. Federal income 
Tax purposes of any Non-US Spinco Member.

(b) During the Restricted Period, no member of the Spinco Tax Group shall 
engage in, enter into, undertake or cause or permit any action or series of 
actions that it knows or reasonably would expect to result in the 
incurrence of Reorganization Taxes in excess of the amount of 
Reorganization Taxes allocated to Parent under the first sentence of 
Section 2.05.

SECTION 4.11. Protective Section 336(e) Election. Parent will make a valid 
protective election under Section 336(e) of the Code and Section 1.336-2(j) 
of the Regulations (and any similar provision of U.S. state or local Law) 
in connection with the Distribution. Accordingly, the Parties agree that 
this Agreement constitutes a written, binding agreement to make a 
protective election under Section 336(e) of the Code as contemplated by 
Section 1.336-2(h)(1)(i) of the Regulations. Spinco will cooperate with 
Parent to facilitate the making of such election.


ARTICLE V

Procedural Matters

SECTION 5.01. Cooperation. Each Party shall cooperate (and cause their 
respective Subsidiaries to cooperate) with reasonable requests from the 
other Party in matters covered by this Agreement, including in connection 
with the preparation and filing of Tax Returns, the calculation of Taxes, 
the determination of the proper financial accounting treatment of Tax items 
and the conduct and settlement of Tax Contests. Such cooperation shall 
include:

(i) retaining until the expiration of the relevant statute of limitations 
(including extensions) records, documents, accounting data, computer data 
and other information (“Records”) necessary for the preparation, filing, 
review, audit or defense of all Tax Returns relevant to an obligation, 
right or liability of either Party under this Agreement;

(ii) providing the other Party reasonable access to Records and to its 
personnel (ensuring their cooperation) and premises during normal business 
hours to the extent relevant to an obligation, right or liability of the 
other Party under this Agreement or otherwise reasonably required by the 
other Party to complete Tax Returns or to compute the amount of any payment 
contemplated by this Agreement; and
 
19

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(iii) notifying the other Party prior to disposing of any relevant Records 
and affording the other Party the opportunity to take possession or make 
copies of such Records at its discretion.

SECTION 5.02. Indemnification Claims and Payments. (a) An Indemnitee shall 
be entitled to make a claim for payment with respect to Taxes under this 
Agreement when the Indemnitee determines that it is entitled to such 
payment and is able to calculate with reasonable accuracy the amount of 
such payment. Except as otherwise provided in Section 3.05(b), the 
Indemnitee shall provide to the Indemnifying Party notice of such claim 
within 60 business days of the first date on which it so becomes entitled 
to make such claim. Such notice shall include a description of such claim 
and a detailed calculation of the amount claimed.

(b) Except as otherwise provided in Section 3.05(b), the Indemnifying Party 
shall make the claimed payment to the Indemnitee within 60 days after 
receiving such notice, unless the Indemnifying Party reasonably disputes 
its liability for, or the amount of, such payment.

(c) A failure by an Indemnitee to give notice as provided in Section 
3.05(b) or 5.02(a) shall not relieve the Indemnifying Party’s 
indemnification obligations under this Agreement, except to the extent that 
the Indemnifying Party shall have been actually prejudiced by such failure.

(d) Nothing in this Section 5.02 shall prejudice a Party’s right to receive 
payments pursuant to Section 3.05(b).

SECTION 5.03. Tax Disputes. Notwithstanding Section 6.02, this Section 5.03 
shall govern the resolution of any dispute arising between the Parties in 
connection with this Agreement, other than a dispute (i) relating to 
liability for Transaction Taxes or (ii) in which the amount of liability in 
dispute exceeds $5 million (a “Tax Dispute”). The Parties shall negotiate 
in good faith to resolve any Tax Dispute for 45 days (unless earlier 
resolved). Upon notice of either Party after 45 days, the matter will be 
referred to a Tax Advisor acceptable to both Parties. The Tax Advisor may, 
in its discretion, obtain the services of any third party necessary to 
assist it in resolving the Tax Dispute. The Parties shall instruct the Tax 
Advisor to furnish notice to each Party of its resolution of the Tax 
Dispute as soon as practicable, but in any event no later than 60 days 
after its acceptance of the matter for resolution. Any such resolution by 
the Tax Advisor will be binding on the Parties and the Parties shall take, 
or cause to be taken, any action necessary to implement the resolution. All 
fees and expenses of the Tax Advisor shall be shared equally by the 
Parties. If, having determined that a Tax Dispute must be referred to a Tax 
Advisor, after 45 days the Parties are unable to find a Tax Advisor willing 
to adjudicate the Tax Dispute in question and that the Parties in good 
faith find acceptable, then this Section 5.03 shall cease to apply to that 
Tax Dispute.
 
20

------------------------------------------------------------------------
ARTICLE VI

Miscellaneous

SECTION 6.01. Counterparts; Entire Agreement. (a) This Agreement may be 
executed in one or more counterparts, all of which counterparts shall be 
considered one and the same agreement, and shall become effective when one 
or more counterparts have been signed by each Party and delivered to the 
other Party. This Agreement may be executed by facsimile or PDF signature 
and scanned and exchanged by electronic mail, and such facsimile or PDF 
signature or scanned and exchanged copies shall constitute an original for 
all purposes.

(b) This Agreement and the Appendices, Exhibits and Schedules hereto and 
thereto contain the entire agreement between the Parties with respect to 
the subject matter hereof and supersede all previous agreements, 
negotiations, discussions, writings, understandings, commitments and 
conversations with respect to such subject matter, and there are no 
agreements or understandings between the Parties with respect to the 
subject matter hereof other than those set forth or referred to herein or 
therein. In the event of any inconsistency between this Agreement and the 
Separation Agreement or any other agreements relating to the Spin-Off, the 
provisions of this Agreement will control. For the avoidance of doubt, any 
Conduent Liability or Xerox Liability that is a contractual Liability 
relating to Taxes relating to, arising out of or resulting from any 
terminated, divested or discontinued business or operation of the BPO 
Business is governed by the Separation Agreement. Any non-contractual Tax 
Liability of Parent, Spinco or any of their respective Subsidiaries 
relating to, arising out of or resulting from any terminated, divested or 
discontinued business or operation of the BPO Business is governed by this 
Agreement.

SECTION 6.02. Governing Law; Jurisdiction. This Agreement shall be governed 
by, and construed in accordance with, the Laws of the State of New York, 
regardless of the Laws that might otherwise govern under applicable 
principles of conflicts of Laws thereof. Each Party irrevocably consents to 
the exclusive jurisdiction, forum and venue of the Commercial Division of 
the Supreme Court of the State of New York, New York County and the United 
States District Court for the Southern District of New York over any and 
all claims, disputes, controversies or disagreements between the Parties or 
any of their respective Subsidiaries, Affiliates, successors and assigns 
under or related to this Agreement or any document executed pursuant to 
this Agreement or any of the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby.

SECTION 6.03. Assignability. Neither this Agreement nor any of the rights, 
interests or obligations under this Agreement shall be assigned, in whole 
or in part, by operation of Law or otherwise by either Party without the 
prior written consent of the other Party. Any purported assignment without 
such consent shall be void. Subject to the preceding sentences, this 
Agreement will be binding upon, inure to the benefit of, and be enforceable 
by, the Parties and their respective successors and assigns. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, either Party may assign this Agreement 
without consent in connection with (a) a merger transaction in which such 
Party is not the surviving entity and the surviving entity acquires or 
assumes all or substantially all of such Party’s Assets, or (b) the sale of 
all or substantially all of such Party’s Assets; provided, however, that 
the assignee expressly assumes in writing all of the obligations of the 
assigning Party under this Agreement, and the assigning Party provides 
written notice and evidence of such assignment and assumption to the 
non-assigning Party.
 
21

------------------------------------------------------------------------
SECTION 6.04. Third-Party Beneficiaries. The provisions of this Agreement 
are solely for the benefit of the Parties hereto and are not intended to 
confer upon any Person except the Parties hereto any rights or remedies 
hereunder and there are no third-party beneficiaries of this Agreement and 
this Agreement shall not provide any third person with any remedy, claim, 
liability, reimbursement, cause of action or other right in excess of those 
existing without reference to this Agreement.

SECTION 6.05. Notices. All notices or other communications under this 
Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed to be duly given when (a) 
delivered in person, (b) on the date received, if sent by a nationally 
recognized delivery or courier service or (c) upon the earlier of confirmed 
receipt or the fifth business day following the date of mailing if sent by 
registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, 
addressed as follows::

If to Parent, to:

Xerox Corporation
P.O. Box 4505, 45 Glover Avenue
Norwalk, CT 06850
Attn: Assistant General Counsel
Facsimile: 203-849-5152

with a copy to:

Cravath, Swaine & Moore LLP
Worldwide Plaza
825 Eighth Avenue
New York, NY 10019
Attn:    Robert I. Townsend III
            Lauren Angelilli
            Eric L. Schiele
            O. Keith Hallam, III
email: rtownsend@cravath.com
            langelilli@cravath.com
            eschiele@cravath.com
            khallam@cravath.com
Facsimile: 212-474-3700

If to Spinco, to:

Conduent Incorporated
233 Mount Airy Road, Suite 100
Basking Ridge, New Jersey
Attn: General Counsel
 
22

------------------------------------------------------------------------
with a copy to:

Cravath, Swaine & Moore LLP
Worldwide Plaza
825 Eighth Avenue
New York, NY 10019
Attn:    Robert I. Townsend III
            Lauren Angelilli
            Eric L. Schiele
            O. Keith Hallam, III
email: rtownsend@cravath.com
            langelilli@cravath.com
            eschiele@cravath.com
            khallam@cravath.com
Facsimile: 212-474-3700

Either Party may, by notice to the other Party, change the address to which 
such notices are to be given.

SECTION 6.06. Severability. If any provision of this Agreement or the 
application thereof to any Person or circumstance is determined by a court 
of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, void or unenforceable, the 
remaining provisions hereof, or the application of such provision to 
Persons or circumstances or in jurisdictions other than those as to which 
it has been held invalid or unenforceable, shall remain in full force and 
effect and shall in no way be affected, impaired or invalidated thereby, so 
long as the economic or legal substance of the transactions contemplated 
hereby is not affected in any manner materially adverse to either Party. 
Upon any such determination, any such provision, to the extent determined 
to be invalid, void or unenforceable, shall be deemed replaced by a 
provision that such court determines is valid and enforceable and that 
comes closest to expressing the intention of the invalid, void or 
unenforceable provision.

SECTION 6.07. Expenses. Regardless of whether the Spin-Off is consummated, 
except as otherwise expressly provided in the Transaction Agreements, each 
of the Parties will pay its own expenses incident to this Agreement.

SECTION 6.08. Headings. The article, section and paragraph headings 
contained in this Agreement are for reference purposes only and shall not 
affect in any way the meaning or interpretation of this Agreement.

SECTION 6.09. Survival of Covenants. Except as expressly set forth in this 
Agreement, the covenants in this Agreement and the Liabilities for the 
breach of any obligations in this Agreement shall survive the Spin-Off and 
shall remain in full force and effect.

SECTION 6.10. Waivers of Default. No failure or delay of any Party (or the 
applicable member of its Group) in exercising any right or remedy under 
this
 
23

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Agreement shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or 
partial exercise of any such right or power, or any abandonment or 
discontinuance of steps to enforce such right or power, or any course of 
conduct, preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of 
any other right or power. Waiver by any Party of any default by the other 
Party of any provision of this Agreement shall not be deemed a waiver by 
the waiving Party of any subsequent or other default.

SECTION 6.11. Specific Performance. Subject to Section 6.16, in the event 
of any actual or threatened default in, or breach of, any of the terms, 
conditions and provisions of this Agreement, the affected Party shall have 
the right to specific performance and injunctive or other equitable relief 
of its rights under this Agreement, in addition to any and all other rights 
and remedies at Law or in equity, and all such rights and remedies shall be 
cumulative. The other Party shall not oppose the granting of such relief on 
the basis that money damages are an adequate remedy. The Parties agree that 
the remedies at Law for any breach or threatened breach hereof, including 
monetary damages, are inadequate compensation for any loss and that any 
defense in any action for specific performance that a remedy at Law would 
be adequate is waived. Any requirements for the securing or posting of any 
bond with such remedy are waived.

SECTION 6.12. Amendments. No provisions of this Agreement shall be deemed 
waived, amended, supplemented or modified by any Party, unless such waiver, 
amendment, supplement or modification is in writing and signed by the 
authorized representative of each Party.

SECTION 6.13. Interpretation. The rules of interpretation set forth in 
Section 11.14 of the Separation Agreement shall be incorporated by 
reference to this Agreement, mutatis mutandis. NOTWITHSTANDING THE 
FOREGOING, THE PURPOSE OF ARTICLE IV IS TO ENSURE THAT EACH STEP OF THE 
INTERNAL TRANSACTIONS, THE CONTRIBUTION AND THE DISTRIBUTION QUALIFIES FOR 
ITS INTENDED TAX TREATMENT FOR U.S. FEDERAL INCOME TAX PURPOSES AND, 
ACCORDINGLY, THE PARTIES AGREE THAT THE LANGUAGE THEREOF SHALL BE 
INTERPRETED IN A MANNER THAT SERVES THIS PURPOSE TO THE GREATEST EXTENT 
POSSIBLE.

SECTION 6.14. Late Payments. Any amount owed by one Party to another Party 
under this Agreement that is not paid when due will bear interest at a rate 
of 2.0% per annum from the due date of the payment to the date paid.

SECTION 6.15. Further Assurances. The Parties will execute and deliver all 
documents, provide all information, and take or refrain from taking action 
as may be necessary or appropriate to achieve the purposes of this 
Agreement, including the execution and delivery to the other Party and its 
Subsidiaries and representatives of such powers of attorney or other 
authorizing documentation as is reasonably necessary or appropriate in 
connection with Tax Contests (or portions thereof) under the control of the 
other Party in accordance with Section 3.07.
 
24

------------------------------------------------------------------------
SECTION 6.16. Termination. This Agreement will be automatically terminated 
at any time before the Distribution if the Separation Agreement is 
terminated. In the event of the termination of this Agreement pursuant to 
this Section 6.16, this Agreement, except for the provisions of this 
Section 6.16, will become void and have no effect, without any liability on 
the part of any Party or its directors, officers or stockholders.

SECTION 6.17. Confidentiality. Each Party hereby acknowledges that 
confidential Information of such Party or its Subsidiaries may be exposed 
to employees and agents of the other Party or its Subsidiaries as a result 
of the activities contemplated by this Agreement. Each Party agrees, on 
behalf of itself and its Subsidiaries, that such Party’s obligations with 
respect to Information and data of the other Party or its Subsidiaries 
shall be governed by Section 7.09 of the Separation Agreement.
 
25

------------------------------------------------------------------------
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties have caused this Agreement to be duly 
executed by their respective authorized officers as of the day and year 
first above written.
 
XEROX CORPORATION,
    by 	  	/s/ Kathleen S. Fanning
  	Name: Kathleen S. Fanning
  	Title:   Vice President, Worldwide Tax
CONDUENT INCORPORATED,
    by 	  	/s/ Brian Webb-Walsh
  	Name: Brian Webb-Walsh
  	Title:   Chief Financial Officer
 
[Signature Page to Tax Matters Agreement]