 EX-10.3 9 filename9.htm
Exhibit 10.3
 
FORM OF UNIT SUBSCRIPTION AGREEMENT
 
This UNIT SUBSCRIPTION AGREEMENT (this “Agreement”) is made as of the ____ 
day of _______ 2016, by and between FinTech Acquisition Corp. II, a 
Delaware corporation (the “Company”), having its principal place of 
business at 2929 Arch Street, Suite 1703, Philadelphia, PA 19104, and 
FinTech Investor Holdings II, LLC, a Delaware limited liability corporation 
(“Subscriber”), having its principal place of business at 712 Fifth Avenue, 
8th Floor, New York, New York 10019.
 
WHEREAS, the Company desires to sell on a private placement basis (the “
Offering”) an aggregate of 370,000 units (“Units”) of the Company, each 
Unit comprised of one share of common stock of the Company, par value 
$0.0001 per share (“Common Stock”), and one warrant to purchase one half of 
one share of Common Stock (“Warrant”), for a purchase price of $3,700,000, 
or $10.00 per Unit. The shares of Common Stock underlying the Warrants are 
hereinafter referred to as the “Warrant Shares.”  The shares of Common 
Stock underlying the Units (excluding the Warrant Shares) are hereinafter 
referred to as the “Placement Shares.” The Warrants underlying the Units 
are hereinafter referred to as the “Placement Warrants.”  The Units, 
Placement Shares, Placement Warrants and Warrant Shares, collectively, are 
hereinafter referred to as the “Securities.”  Placement Warrants may be 
exercised only to the extent that, when aggregated with other Placement 
Warrants being exercised, the exercise is for a whole share or whole 
shares; no fractional shares shall be issuable. The exercise price for any 
Warrant share shall be $12.00. Subject to the foregoing, the Placement 
Warrants are exercisable during the period commencing on the later of (i) 
twelve (12) months from the date of the completion of the Company’s initial 
public offering of units (the “IPO”) and (ii) 30 days following the 
consummation of the Company’s initial business combination (the “Business 
Combination”), as such term is defined in the registration statement filed 
in connection with the IPO, as amended at the time it becomes effective 
(the “Registration Statement”), and expiring on the fifth anniversary of 
the consummation of the Business Combination; and
 
WHEREAS, Subscriber wishes to purchase 370,000 Units and the Company wishes 
to accept such subscription from Subscriber.
 
NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and the mutual covenants 
hereinafter set forth and other good and valuable consideration, the 
receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the Company and 
Subscriber hereby agree as follows:
 
1. 	Agreement to Subscribe
 
1.1 Purchase and Issuance of the Units. Upon the terms and subject to the 
conditions of this Agreement, Subscriber hereby agrees to purchase from the 
Company, and the Company hereby agrees to sell to Subscriber, on the 
Closing Date (as defined below), 370,000 Units for an aggregate purchase 
price of $3,700,000 (the “Purchase Price”).
     
1.2 Delivery of the Purchase Price.  Upon execution of this Agreement, the 
Company is bound to fulfill its obligations hereunder and Subscriber hereby 
irrevocably commits to deliver either directly into a trust account (the 
“Trust Account” ) held at JP Morgan Chase Bank, N.A. or any other financial 
institution chosen by the Company, with Continental Stock Transfer & Trust 
Company acting as trustee (“Continental”), or into an escrow account 
maintained by Ledgewood P.C. (“Ledgewood”), counsel for the Company, the 
Purchase Price in immediately available funds by wire transfer or such 
other form of payment as shall be acceptable to the Trustee, in its sole 
and absolute discretion, one (1) business day prior to the effective date 
of the Registration Statement.
     
1.3 Closing. The closing of the Offering (the “Closing”), shall take place 
at the offices of Ledgewood, simultaneously with the closing of the IPO on 
or before __________, 2017 (the “Closing Date”). On the Closing Date, if 
Subscriber has delivered the Purchase Price to Ledgewood as described in 
Section 1.2 above, Ledgewood shall wire the purchase price to Continental 
for deposit in the Trust Account.
     
1.4 Termination.  This Agreement and each of the obligations of the 
undersigned shall be null and void and without effect if the Closing does 
not occur prior to ____________, 2017.
      

 

      
2. 	Representations and Warranties of Subscriber
 
Subscriber represents and warrants to the Company that:
 
2.1 No Government Recommendation or Approval.  Subscriber understands that 
no federal or state agency has passed upon or made any recommendation or 
endorsement of the Company or the Offering of the Securities.
     
2.2 Accredited Investor. Subscriber represents that it is an “accredited 
investor” as such term is defined in Rule 501(a) of Regulation D under the 
Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”), and acknowledges 
that the sale contemplated hereby is being made in reliance, among other 
things, on a private placement exemption to “accredited investors” under 
the Securities Act and similar exemptions under state law.
     
2.3 Intent.  Subscriber is purchasing the Securities solely for investment 
purposes, for such Subscriber’s own account (and/or for the account or 
benefit of its members or affiliates, as permitted, pursuant to the terms 
of an agreement (the “Letter Agreement”) to be entered into with respect to 
the Securities between, among others, Subscriber and the Company, as 
described in the Registration Statement), and not with a view to the 
distribution thereof and Subscriber has no present arrangement to sell the 
Securities to or through any person or entity except as may be permitted 
under the Letter Agreement.  Subscriber shall not engage in hedging 
transactions with regard to the Securities unless in compliance with the 
Securities Act.
     
2.4 Restrictions on Transfer.  Subscriber acknowledges and understands the 
Units are being offered in a transaction not involving a public offering in 
the United States within the meaning of the Securities Act.  The Securities 
have not been registered under the Securities Act and, if in the future 
Subscriber decides to offer, resell, pledge or otherwise transfer the 
Securities, such Securities may be offered, resold, pledged or otherwise 
transferred only (A) pursuant to an effective registration statement filed 
under the Securities Act, (B) pursuant to an exemption from registration 
under Rule 144 promulgated under the Securities Act, if available, or (C) 
pursuant to any other available exemption from the registration 
requirements of the Securities Act, and in each case in accordance with any 
applicable securities laws of any state or any other jurisdiction. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, Subscriber acknowledges and understands the 
Securities are subject to transfer restrictions as described in Section 8 
hereof.  Subscriber agrees that, if any transfer of its Securities or any 
interest therein is proposed to be made, as a condition precedent to any 
such transfer Subscriber may be required to deliver to the Company an 
opinion of counsel satisfactory to the Company with respect to such 
transfer. Absent registration or another available exemption from 
registration, Subscriber agrees it will not transfer the Securities (unless 
otherwise permitted pursuant to the Letter Agreement, as described in the 
Registration Statement).  Subscriber further acknowledges that because the 
Company is a shell company, Rule 144 may not be available to Subscriber for 
the resale of the Securities until the one year anniversary following 
consummation of the Business Combination, despite technical compliance with 
the requirements of Rule 144 and the release or waiver of any contractual 
transfer restrictions.
     
2.5 Sophisticated Investor.
 
  (i)  Subscriber’s manager and members are individually accredited 
investors and are sophisticated in financial matters and able to evaluate 
the risks and benefits of the investment in the Securities.
  
  (ii) Subscriber is aware that an investment in the Securities is highly 
speculative and subject to substantial risks because, among other things, 
(a) the Securities are subject to transfer restrictions and have not been 
registered under the Securities Act and therefore cannot be sold unless 
subsequently registered under the Securities Act or an exemption from such 
registration is available and (b) Subscriber has waived its redemption 
rights with respect to the Securities as set forth in Section 5 hereof, and 
the Securities held by Subscriber are not entitled to, and have no right, 
interest or claim to any monies held in the Trust Account, and accordingly 
Subscriber may suffer a loss of a portion or all of its investment in the 
Securities. Subscriber is able to bear the economic risk of its investment 
in the Securities for an indefinite period of time.
 

  	2 	 

 

 
2.6 Independent Investigation.  Subscriber, in making the decision to 
purchase the Units, has relied upon an independent investigation of the 
Company and has not relied upon any information or representations made by 
any third parties or upon any oral or written representations or assurances 
from the Company, its officers, directors or employees or any other 
representatives or agents of the Company, other than as set forth in this 
Agreement. Subscriber is familiar with the business, operations and 
financial condition of the Company and has had an opportunity to ask 
questions of, and receive answers from the Company’s officers and directors 
concerning the Company and the terms and conditions of the offering of the 
Units and has had full access to such other information concerning the 
Company as Subscriber has requested. Subscriber confirms that all documents 
that it has requested have been made available and that Subscriber has been 
supplied with all of the additional information concerning this investment 
which Subscriber has requested.
     
2.7 Organization and Authority.  Subscriber is duly organized, validly 
existing and in good standing under the laws of the State of Delaware and 
it possesses all requisite power and authority necessary to carry out the 
transactions contemplated by this Agreement.
     
2.8 Authority. This Agreement has been validly authorized, executed and 
delivered by Subscriber and is a valid and binding agreement enforceable in 
accordance with its terms, except as such enforceability may be limited by 
applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, fraudulent conveyance, moratorium, 
reorganization, or similar laws relating to, or affecting generally the 
enforcement of, creditors’ rights and remedies or by equitable principles 
of general application and except as enforcement of rights to indemnity and 
contribution may be limited by federal and state securities laws or 
principles of public policy.
     
2.9 No Conflicts. The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement 
and the consummation by Subscriber of the transactions contemplated hereby 
do not violate, conflict with or constitute a default under (i) 
Subscriber's charter documents, (ii) any agreement or instrument to which 
Subscriber is a party or (iii) any law, statute, rule or regulation to 
which Subscriber is subject, or any agreement, order, judgment or decree to 
which Subscriber is subject.
     
2.10 No Legal Advice from Company.  Subscriber acknowledges it has had the 
opportunity to review this Agreement and the transactions contemplated by 
this Agreement and the other agreements entered into between the parties 
hereto with Subscriber’s own legal counsel and investment and tax advisors. 
 Except for any statements or representations of the Company made in this 
Agreement and the other agreements entered into between the parties hereto, 
Subscriber is relying solely on such review, counsel and advisors and not 
on any statements or representations of the Company or any of its 
representatives or agents for legal, tax or investment advice with respect 
to this investment, the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or the 
securities laws of any jurisdiction.
     
2.11 Reliance on Representations and Warranties.  Subscriber understands 
the Units are being offered and sold to Subscriber in reliance on 
exemptions from the registration requirements under the Securities Act, and 
analogous provisions in the laws and regulations of various states, and 
that the Company is relying upon the truth and accuracy of the 
representations, warranties, agreements, acknowledgments and understandings 
of Subscriber set forth in this Agreement in order to determine the 
applicability of such provisions.
     
2.12 No General Solicitation.  Subscriber is not subscribing for the Units 
as a result of or subsequent to any general solicitation or general 
advertising, including but not limited to any advertisement, article, 
notice or other communication published in any newspaper, magazine, or 
similar media or broadcast over television or radio, or presented at any 
seminar or meeting or in a registration statement with respect to the IPO 
filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”).
     
2.13 Legend.  Subscriber acknowledges and agrees the certificates 
evidencing each of the Securities shall bear a restrictive legend (the “
Legend”), in form and substance substantially as set forth in Section 4 
hereof.
 

  	3 	 

 

 
3. 	Representations, Warranties and Covenants of the Company
 
The Company represents and warrants to, and agrees with, each Subscriber 
that:
 
3.1 Valid Issuance of Capital Stock. The total number of shares of all 
classes of capital stock which the Company has authority to issue is 
30,000,000 shares of Common Stock and 5,000,000 shares of preferred stock, 
$0.0001 par value per share (“Preferred Stock”). As of the date hereof, the 
Company has issued and outstanding 5,298,333 shares of Common Stock (of 
which up to 675,000 shares are subject to forfeiture) and no shares of 
Preferred Stock. All of the issued shares of capital stock of the Company 
have been duly authorized, validly issued, and are fully paid and 
non-assessable.
     
3.2 Title to Securities.  Upon issuance in accordance with, and payment 
pursuant to, the terms hereof and the Warrant Agreement (as defined in 
Section 8.1), as the case may be, each of the Units, Placement Shares, 
Placement Warrants and the Warrant Shares will be duly and validly issued, 
fully paid and non-assessable. On the date of issuance of the Units, the 
Warrant Shares shall have been reserved for issuance. Upon issuance in 
accordance with, and payment pursuant to, the terms hereof and the Warrant 
Agreement, as the case may be, Subscriber will have or receive good title 
to the Units, Placement Shares and Placement Warrants, free and clear of 
all liens, claims and encumbrances of any kind resulting from actions of, 
or any failure to act by, the Company, other than (i) transfer restrictions 
hereunder and pursuant to the Letter Agreement and (ii) transfer 
restrictions under federal and state securities laws.
     
3.3 Organization and Qualification. The Company is a corporation duly 
incorporated, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the 
State of Delaware and has the requisite corporate power to own its 
properties and assets and to carry on its business as now being conducted.
     
3.4 Authorization; Enforcement. (i) The Company has the requisite corporate 
power and authority to enter into and perform its obligations under this 
Agreement and to issue the Securities in accordance with the terms hereof, 
(ii) the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement by the 
Company and the consummation by it of the transactions contemplated hereby 
have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate action, and no further 
consent or authorization of the Company or its Board of Directors or 
stockholders is required, and (iii) this Agreement constitutes a valid and 
binding obligation of the Company enforceable against the Company in 
accordance with its terms, except as such enforceability may be limited by 
applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, fraudulent conveyance, moratorium, 
reorganization, or similar laws relating to, or affecting generally the 
enforcement of, creditors’ rights and remedies or by equitable principles 
of general application and except as enforcement of rights to indemnity and 
contribution may be limited by federal and state securities laws or 
principles of public policy.
     
3.5 No Conflicts. The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement 
and the consummation by the Company of the transactions contemplated hereby 
do not (i) result in a violation of the Company’s certificate of 
incorporation or by-laws, (ii) conflict with, or constitute a default under 
any agreement or instrument to which the Company is a party or by which it 
is bound or (iii) violate any law statute, rule or regulation to which the 
Company is subject or any agreement, order, judgment or decree to which the 
Company is subject. Other than any SEC or state securities filings which 
may be required to be made by the Company subsequent to the Closing, and 
any registration statement which may be filed pursuant thereto, the Company 
is not required under federal, state or local law, rule or regulation to 
obtain any consent, authorization or order of, or make any filing or 
registration with, any court or governmental agency or self-regulatory 
entity in order for it to perform any of its obligations under this 
Agreement or issue the Units, Placement Shares, Warrants or the Warrant 
Shares in accordance with the terms hereof.
 
4. 	Legends
 
4.1 Legend. The Company will issue the Units, Placement Shares and 
Warrants, and, when issued, the Warrant Shares, purchased by Subscriber in 
the name of Subscriber. The Securities will bear the following Legend and 
appropriate “stop transfer” instructions:
 
“THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED HEREBY HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE 
SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE “SECURITIES ACT”), OR ANY STATE 
SECURITIES LAWS AND NEITHER THESE SECURITIES NOR ANY INTEREST THEREIN MAY 
BE OFFERED, SOLD, TRANSFERRED, PLEDGED OR OTHERWISE DISPOSED OF EXCEPT 
PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR 
SUCH LAWS OR AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT AND 
SUCH LAWS WHICH, IN THE OPINION OF COUNSEL FOR THIS CORPORATION, IS 
AVAILABLE.”
 

  	4 	 

 

         
“THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE ARE SUBJECT TO RESTRICTIONS 
ON TRANSFER PURSUANT TO A LETTER AGREEMENT BETWEEN, AMONG OTHERS, FINTECH 
ACQUISITION CORP. II AND FINTECH INVESTOR HOLDINGS II, LLC AND MAY ONLY BE 
OFFERED, SOLD, TRANSFERRED, PLEDGED OR OTHERWISE DISPOSED OF DURING THE 
TERM THEREOF PURSUANT TO THE TERMS SET FORTH IN THE LETTER AGREEMENT.”
 
4.2 Subscriber’s Compliance. Nothing in this Section 4 shall affect in any 
way Subscriber’s obligations and agreements to comply with all applicable 
securities laws upon resale of the Securities.

4.3 Company’s Refusal to Register Transfer of the Securities.  The Company 
shall refuse to register any transfer of the Securities if, in the sole 
judgment of the Company, such purported transfer would not be made (i) 
pursuant to an effective registration statement filed under the Securities 
Act, or (ii) pursuant to an available exemption from the registration 
requirements of the Securities Act and applicable state securities laws and 
(iii) in compliance herewith and with the Letter Agreement.
     
4.4 Registration Rights.  Subscriber will be entitled to certain 
registration rights which will be governed by a registration rights 
agreement (“Registration Rights Agreement”) to be entered into between, 
among others, Subscriber and the Company, on or prior to the effective date 
of the Registration Statement. 
 
5. 	Waiver of Liquidation Distributions.
 
In connection with the Securities purchased pursuant to this Agreement, 
Subscriber hereby waives any and all right, title, interest or claim of any 
kind in or to any distributions with respect to the Securities in 
connection with (i) the exercise of redemption rights in connection with 
the Company’s consummation of the Business Combination, or (ii) upon the 
Company’s redemption of shares of Common Stock upon the Company’s failure 
to consummate the Business Combination within 24 months from the completion 
of the IPO or the liquidation of the Company prior to the expiration of 
such 24 month period.  In the event Subscriber purchases shares of Common 
Stock in the IPO or in the aftermarket (“Public Shares”), Subscriber hereby 
waives any and all right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any 
distributions with respect to any Public Shares in connection with the 
exercise of redemption rights in connection with the Company’s consummation 
of the Business Combination. For the avoidance of doubt, Subscriber shall 
be eligible to redeem any Public Shares upon the same terms offered to all 
other purchasers of Common Stock in the IPO in the event the Company fails 
to consummate the Business Combination, or liquidates, within 24 months 
from the completion of the IPO.
 
6. 	Termination of Placement Warrants.
 
6.1 Failure to Consummate Business Combination. The Placement Warrants 
shall be terminated upon the dissolution of the Company or in the event 
that the Company does not consummate the Business Combination within 24 
months from the completion of the IPO.
     
6.2 Termination of Rights as Holder. If the Placement Warrants are 
terminated in accordance with Section 6.1, then after such time Subscriber 
(or successor in interest) shall no longer have any rights as a holder of 
such Placement Warrants and the Company shall take such action as is 
appropriate to cancel such Placement Warrants. Subscriber hereby 
irrevocably grants the Company a limited power of attorney for the purpose 
of effectuating the foregoing and agrees to take any and all measures 
reasonably requested by the Company necessary to effect the foregoing.
 

  	5 	 

 

 
7. 	Rescission Right Waiver and Indemnification.
 
7.1 Subscriber understands and acknowledges an exemption from the 
registration requirements of the Securities Act requires there be no 
general solicitation of purchasers of the Units. In this regard, if the IPO 
were deemed to be a general solicitation with respect to the Units, the 
offer and sale of such Units may not be exempt from registration and, if 
not, Subscriber may have a right to rescind its purchase of the Units. In 
order to facilitate the completion of the Offering and in order to protect 
the Company, its stockholders and the amounts in the Trust Account from 
claims that may adversely affect the Company or the interests of its 
stockholders, Subscriber hereby agrees to waive, to the maximum extent 
permitted by applicable law, any claims, right to sue or rights in law or 
arbitration, as the case may be, to seek rescission of its purchase of the 
Units. Subscriber acknowledges and agrees this waiver is being made in 
order to induce the Company to sell the Units to Subscriber. Subscriber 
agrees the foregoing waiver of rescission rights shall apply to any and all 
known or unknown actions, causes of action, suits, claims or proceedings 
(collectively, “Claims”) and related losses, costs, penalties, fees, 
liabilities and damages, whether compensatory, consequential or exemplary, 
and expenses in connection therewith, including reasonable attorneys’ and 
expert witness fees and disbursements and all other expenses reasonably 
incurred in investigating, preparing or defending against any Claims, 
whether pending or threatened, in connection with any present or future 
actual or asserted right to rescind the purchase of the Units hereunder or 
relating to the purchase of the Units and the transactions contemplated 
hereby.
     
7.2 Subscriber agrees not to seek recourse against the Trust Account for 
any reason whatsoever in connection with its purchase of the Units or any 
Claim that may arise now or in the future.
     
7.3 Subscriber acknowledges and agrees that the stockholders of the Company 
are and shall be third-party beneficiaries of this Section 7. 
     
7.4 Subscriber agrees that, to the extent any waiver of rights under this 
Section 7 is ineffective as a matter of law, Subscriber has offered such 
waiver for the benefit of the Company as an equitable right that shall 
survive any statutory disqualification or bar that applies to a legal 
right. Subscriber acknowledges the receipt and sufficiency of consideration 
received from the Company hereunder in this regard.
 
8. 	Terms of the Units and Placement Warrant
 
The Units and their component parts are substantially identical to the 
units to be offered in the IPO except that: (i) the Units and their 
component parts will be subject to transfer restrictions, except in limited 
circumstances, until 30 days following the consummation of the Business 
Combination, (ii) the Placement Warrants will be non-redeemable so long as 
they are held by Subscriber (or any of its permitted transferees), and will 
be exercisable on a “cashless” basis if held by Subscriber or its permitted 
transferees and (iii) the Units and their component parts are being 
purchased pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of 
the Securities Act and will become freely tradable only after they are 
registered or an exemption from registration is available, and the 
restrictions described above in clause (i) have expired.
 
9. 	Governing Law; Jurisdiction; Waiver of Jury Trial
 
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the 
laws of the State of New York for agreements made and to be wholly 
performed within such state. The parties hereto hereby waive any right to a 
jury trial in connection with any litigation pursuant to this Agreement and 
the transactions contemplated hereby.
 
10. 	Assignment; Entire Agreement; Amendment
 
10.1 Assignment. Neither this Agreement nor any rights hereunder may be 
assigned by any party to any other person other than by Subscriber to a 
person agreeing to be bound by the terms hereof, including the waiver 
contained in Section 7 hereof.
     
10.2 Entire Agreement. This Agreement sets forth the entire agreement and 
understanding between the parties as to the subject matter thereof and 
merges and supersedes all prior discussions, agreements and understandings 
of any and every nature among them.
     
10.3 Amendment. Except as expressly provided in this Agreement, neither 
this Agreement nor any term hereof may be amended, waived, discharged or 
terminated other than by a written instrument signed by the party against 
whom enforcement of any such amendment, waiver, discharge or termination is 
sought.
     
10.4 Binding upon Successors. This Agreement shall be binding upon and 
inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and to their respective heirs, 
legal representatives, successors and permitted assigns. 
 

  	6 	 

 

  
11. 	Notices
 
11.1 Notices. Unless otherwise provided herein, any notice or other 
communication to a party hereunder shall be sufficiently given if in 
writing and personally delivered or sent by facsimile or other electronic 
transmission with copy sent in another manner herein provided or sent by 
courier (which for all purposes of this Agreement shall include Federal 
Express or other recognized overnight courier) or mailed to said party by 
certified mail, return receipt requested, at its address provided for 
herein or such other address as either may designate for itself in such 
notice to the other.  Communications shall be deemed to have been received 
when delivered personally, on the scheduled arrival date when sent by next 
day or 2nd-day courier service, or if sent by facsimile upon receipt of 
confirmation of transmittal or, if sent by mail, then three days after 
deposit in the mail. If given by electronic transmission, such notice shall 
be deemed to be delivered (a) if by electronic mail, when directed to an 
electronic mail address at which the stockholder has consented to receive 
notice; (b) if by a posting on an electronic network together with separate 
notice to the stockholder of such specific posting, upon the later of (1) 
such posting and (2) the giving of such separate notice; and (c) if by any 
other form of electronic transmission, when directed to the stockholder.
 
12. 	Counterparts
 
This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, all of which 
when taken together shall be considered one and the same agreement and 
shall become effective when counterparts have been signed by each party and 
delivered to the other party, it being understood that both parties need 
not sign the same counterpart. In the event that any signature is delivered 
by facsimile transmission or by e-mail delivery of a “pdf” format data 
file, such signature shall create a valid and binding obligation of the 
party executing (or on whose behalf such signature is executed) with the 
same force and effect as if such facsimile or “.pdf” signature page were an 
original thereof.
 
13. 	Survival; Severability
 
13.1 Survival. The representations, warranties, covenants and agreements of 
the parties hereto shall survive the Closing.
     
13.2 Severability. In the event that any provision of this Agreement 
becomes or is declared by a court of competent jurisdiction to be illegal, 
unenforceable or void, this Agreement shall continue in full force and 
effect without said provision; provided that no such severability shall be 
effective if it materially changes the economic benefit of this Agreement 
to any party.
 
14. 	Headings.
 
The titles and subtitles used in this Agreement are used for convenience 
only and are not to be considered in construing or interpreting this 
Agreement.
 
[remainder of page intentionally left blank]
 

  	7 	 

 

 
This subscription is accepted by the Company on the ___day of 
______________.
 
  	FINTECH ACQUISITION CORP. II
  	  	 
  	By: 	 
  	  	Name:  James J. McEntee, III
  	  	Title:     President and Chief Financial Officer
 
Accepted and agreed on the date hereof
 
  	
SUBSCRIBER:
 
FINTECH INVESTOR HOLDINGS II, LLC
  	  	 
  	By: 	 
  	  	Name:  Daniel G. Cohen
  	  	Title:    Managing Member
  
[Placement Unit Subscription Agreement – Sponsor]
 
 
8
 