 EX-10.5 6 atec-ex105_417.htm EX-10.5
 
Exhibit 10.5
EXECUTION VERSION





September 14, 2016


Craig E. Hunsaker
212 El Sueno
Solana Beach, CA 92075

Re: Employment Terms

Dear Craig:

This letter (the “Agreement”) will confirm the terms of your employment by 
Alphatec Holdings, Inc. (“Alphatec” or the “Company”).


 

1.

Term. The term of this Agreement will commence on September 14, 2016 (the “
Effective Date”) and will continue for three years thereafter. Upon 
expiration of the initial term, the Agreement will automatically renew for 
one year periods unless either party notifies the other party of nonrenewal 
at least 90 days prior to the end of such one year period.

 


2.


Position. On the Effective Date, you will begin to serve as Executive Vice 
President, People & Culture of the Company. In this capacity, you will 
report directly to the Chief Executive Officer of the Company and have all 
of the customary authorities, duties and responsibilities that accompany 
your position. Throughout your employment with the Company, you agree to 
devote substantially all of your business time and attention to the 
business and affairs of the Company and to perform your duties in a 
diligent, competent, professional and skillful manner and in accordance 
with applicable law and the Company's policies and procedures.


 

3.

Annual Compensation. Your initial annual compensation will be as follows:

 

A.

Base Cash Salary. Your initial base cash salary will be at a rate of 
$350,000 per year.

 

B.

Annual Cash Bonus. You will be eligible to participate in the Company's 
discretionary annual bonus program with your annual target bonus 
opportunity equal to 70% of base salary. The Board of Directors of the 
Company (the “Board”) will determine the amount of your award based on its 
assessment of a number of factors including Company and individual 
performance which shall be established in consultation with you. For the 
avoidance of doubt, you will be eligible to receive an annual cash bonus in 
respect of the Company's full 2016 fiscal year (e.g., without pro-ration to 
account for the portion of the year you were employed following the 
Effective Date) in an amount not less than 70% of base salary.

SCI:4226117.2A
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 

C.

Long Term Incentive. Commencing with the Company's fiscal year starting 
January 1, 2017, you will be eligible, subject to your continued employment 
by the Company, to participate in such long-term incentive programs that 
are made available at the level determined by the Board, in its discretion, 
consistent with your role and responsibilities as Chief Executive Officer 
of the Company.

 


4.


Benefits. You will be eligible to participate in employee welfare and 
benefit programs of the Company at the level available to other members of 
the Company's executive management. Participation in Company benefits 
programs is subject to meeting the relevant eligibility requirements, 
payment of the required premiums, and the terms of the plans themselves.


 

5.

Equity Compensation. In addition to your eligibility for regular grants of 
long-term incentives, you will be granted the Sign-On RSUs and the PSP 
RSUs, in each case, as defined and described below. All awards described in 
this Section 5 will in all cases be subject to actual grant to you by the 
compensation committee of the Board (the “Compensation Committed”) in its 
sole discretion, would be pursuant to the applicable plan document and 
would be subject to terms and conditions established by the Compensation 
Committee in its sole discretion that would be detailed in separate 
agreements you would receive after any award is actually made. You 
acknowledge that the Sign-On RSUs and the PSP RSUs are “employment 
inducement awards” that will be granted to you outside of the Company's 
2016 Equity Incentive Plan pursuant to NASDAQ Listing Rule 5635(c)(4).

 

A.

Sign-On RSUs. You will be granted a one-time sign-on award of restricted 
stock units with an aggregate target value of $750,000 (the “Sign-On RSUs
”), determined based the volume weighted average price for the Company's 
common stock for the ten day period prior to the Effective Date. Your 
Sign-On RSUs will vest ratably over three years, with automatic vesting 
upon a Change in Control of the Company (as defined in the Company's 2016 
Equity Incentive Plan).

 

B.

PSP RSUs. You will be granted a one-time special performance stock plan 
award of restricted stock units, with an aggregate target value of $750,000 
(the “PSP RSUS”). The number of PSP RSUs will be settled upon the earlier 
of (i) the third anniversary of the Effective Date and (ii) a Change in 
Control of the Company (the “Settlement Date”), at which time the PSP RSUs 
will cliff vest in the dollar amount of 0% to 250% of the target value, and 
will be settled in shares of Company common stock based on the fair market 
value of such shares on the Settlement Date in accordance with the table 
and terms set forth on Annex A.

 








6.








Severance. Your eligibility for severance upon a termination of employment 
will be governed by the terms of the Alphatec Severance Agreement and 
Alphatec Change in Control Agreement, forms of which are attached hereto as 
Annex B and Annex C, respectively.








-2-

SCI:4226117.2A
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
 


7.


Certain Post-Employment Covenants. During your employment with the Company, 
and for a period of one year following the termination of your employment 
with the Company, you shall not, without the prior written consent of the 
Company: (i) either individually or on behalf of or through any third 
party, directly or indirectly, solicit, entice or persuade or attempt to 
solicit, entice or persuade any employee, agent, consultant or contractor 
of the Company or any of its affiliates (the “Company Group”) to leave the 
service of the Company Group for any reason; or (ii) in a manner that is 
dependent upon the use of the Company's proprietary information, either 
individually or on behalf of or through any third party, directly or 
indirectly, interfere with, or attempt to interfere with, the business 
relationship between the Company Group and any vendor, supplier, surgeon or 
hospital with which you have interacted during the course of your 
employment with the Company.


 

8.

Indemnification and Cooperation. During and after your employment, the 
Company will indemnify you in your capacity as a director, officer, 
employee or agent of the Company to the fullest extent permitted by 
applicable law and the Company's charter and by-laws, and will provide you 
with director and officer liability insurance coverage (including 
post-termination/post-director service tail coverage) on the same basis as 
the Company's other executive officers.

You agree (whether during or after your employment with the Company) to 
reasonably cooperate with the Company in connection with any litigation or 
regulatory matter or with any government authority on any matter, in each 
case, pertaining to the Company and with respect to which you may have 
relevant knowledge.

 

9.

Withholding. Tax will be withheld by the Company as appropriate under 
applicable Federal tax requirements for any payments or deliveries under 
this Agreement.

 

10.

No Guarantee of Employment or Fixed Compensation. This Agreement is not a 
guarantee of employment or a guarantee of compensation for a fixed term. 
Your employment will be on an “at-will” basis, meaning that you and the 
Company may terminate your employment at any time and for any reason, with 
or without prior notice, subject to the terms and conditions in the 
agreements attached hereto as Annex B and Annex C.

 












11.












Entire Agreement. This Agreement (including Annex A, Annex B and Annex C) 
constitutes the Company's only statement relating to its offer of 
employment to you and supersedes any previous communications or 
representations, oral or written, from or on behalf of the Company or any 
of its affiliates.












-3-

SCI:4226117.2A
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
 





















































12.





















































Miscellaneous Representations. You confirm and represent to the Company, by 
signing this letter, that: (a) you are under no obligation or arrangement 
(including any restrictive covenants with any prior employer or any other 
entity) that would prevent you from becoming an employee of the Company or 
that would adversely impact your ability to perform the expected services 
on behalf of the Company; (b) you have not taken (or failed to return) any 
confidential information belonging to your prior employer or any other 
entity, and, to the extent you remain in possession of any such 
information, you will never use or disclose such information to the Company 
or any of its employees, agents or affiliates; and (c) you understand and 
accept all of the terms and conditions of this offer.





















































-4-

SCI:4226117.2A
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
 
We look forward to having you as a member of Alphatec's leadership team.


Sincerely,





























 
 

-5-

SCI:4226117.2A
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
Annex A

Market Cap*
(in millions)
Vesting **
(in dollar amount of
target value)
$100
40%
$150
60%
$200
80%
$250
100%
$300
120%
$350
140%
$400
160%
$450
180%
$500
200%
$550
220%
$600
240%
$625
260%
 
* Market Cap calculated upon the earlier of (i) the third anniversary of 
the Effective Date and (ii) a Change in Control of the Company, and shall 
equal the product of (a) the fair market value of a share of Company common 
stock (which, in the event of a Change in Control of the Company shall be 
the fair market value of the consideration received by a holder of a share 
of Company common stock in connection with the Change in Control of the 
Company) and (b) the number of shares of Company common stock outstanding. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event of a Change in Control of the 
Company occurring before the first anniversary of the Effective Date, the 
Market Cap shall equal the greater of (1) $100 million and (2) the product 
of (x) the fair market value of the consideration received by a holder of a 
share of Company common stock in connection with the Change in Control of 
the Company and (y) the number of shares of Company common stock 
outstanding; and in the event of a Change in Control of the Company 
occurring after the first anniversary of the Effective Date, the Market Cap 
shall equal the greater of (1) $250 million and (2) the product of (x) the 
fair market value of the consideration received by a holder of a share of 
Company common stock in connection with the Change in Control of the 
Company and (y) the number of shares of Company common stock outstanding.

**Linear interpolation between points (for both Market Cap and Vesting — 
e.g., a Market Cap of $275 million yields a vesting percentage of 110%).

 


 

-6-

SCI:4226117.2A
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
D.The Executive is not a temporary employee or a new hire who has not yet 
started to work on a regular, full-time or part-time basis (as 
appropriate).

E.The Executive is not covered under any other severance-type plan, policy, 
arrangement or agreement that provides severance payments and benefits more 
favorable in the aggregate to those provided herein. If any such plan, 
policy, arrangement or agreement exists, the Executive will receive 
payments and benefits pursuant to that plan, policy, arrangement or 
agreement and shall not receive any of the severance payments and benefits 
described herein. In no case will the Executive receive severance payments 
and benefits under any other such severance-type plan, policy, arrangement 
or agreement and this Agreement.

F.In the event that the Executive is party to a “Change in Control” 
Agreement with Company that also provides for severance benefits, in the 
event of a “Change in Control” (as defined therein) the Executive shall 
not receive benefits under this Agreement, but instead shall receive only 
the severance benefits provided under such “Change in Control” Agreement 
(i.e., there shall be no “double-dipping” and only the “Change in Control” 
Agreement shall apply in such an event).

G.The Executive has not agreed in writing to waive severance benefits under 
this Agreement or otherwise payable from the Company.

H.The Executive (or, in the event of the executive's death or incapacity, 
the Executive's executor, representative or guardian, as applicable) signs 
and does not revoke a separation agreement and general release of all 
claims in such form as the Company may from time-to-time reasonably require 
(“Separation Agreement”).

I.The Executive has returned all Company property and equipment that was 
assigned to, or taken general control of by, her or him during his tenure 
with the Company.

If terminated, the Executive must satisfy all of the requirements set forth 
above in order to receive severance benefits under this Agreement. 
Eligibility for severance benefits under this Agreement will be determined 
by the Company upon the Executive's termination of employment. The Company 
has full power and authority to interpret the provisions of this Agreement 
and render decisions on eligibility for benefits. If the Company determines 
that the Executive satisfies all of the eligibility conditions described 
above, the Executive will receive severance benefits calculated in 
accordance with Section III below. The severance benefits will be paid 
following the Executive's termination of employment in accordance with the 
terms set forth below and in the respective Separation Agreement.








-2-

SCI:4226008.2A
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
III.SEVERANCE BENEFITS

Severance Pay and Benefits. The following severance pay and benefits are 
payable under this Agreement:

1.Severance Pay. The severance pay provided to the Executive if 
involuntarily terminated under the terms of this Agreement consists of an 
amount equal to the sum of one times (1x) his regular annual base salary.

The amount of severance pay to the Executive shall be based upon the 
Executive's regular annual base salary in effect immediately before the 
Executive's termination of employment, determined without regard to any 
overtime, bonuses, fringe benefits, reimbursements or other irregular 
payments. The Executive's general release of all claims referred to in 
Section II.H. must be effective the sixtieth (60th) day following the 
Executive's termination of employment in order for the Executive to receive 
any severance pay or benefits under the Agreement. Severance pay will be 
paid in a single cash lump-sum on the sixtieth (60th) day following the 
Executive's termination of employment (or as soon as administratively 
practicable after such sixtieth (60th) day).


Benefits Continuation. Upon an involuntary termination of employment 
pursuant to which the Executive is entitled to severance pay under Section 
III.A.1., subject to the Executive's timely election of continuation 
coverage under the Consolidated Budget Omnibus Reconciliation Act of 1985, 
as amended (“COBRA”), the Company will pay the premiums for the Executive 
for a period of twelve (12) months based on the level of coverage in effect 
as of the date of the Executive's termination. Notwithstanding the 
foregoing, in the event that the Executive becomes eligible to receive 
substantially similar or improved medical, dental or vision benefits from a 
subsequent employer (whether or not the Executive accepts such benefits), 
the Company's obligations under this Section III.A.2. shall immediately 
cease. TheExecutive will notify the Company of his eligibility for such 
benefits from a subsequent employer within thirty (30) days of such 
eligibility.

In the event that the Company's making payments under this Section III.A.2 
would violate nondiscrimination rules or result in the imposition of 
penalties under the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act of 2010 (“
PPACA”) and related regulations and guidance promulgated thereunder, the 
parties agree to reform this Section III.A.2. in such manner as is 
necessary to comply with tax laws and the PPACA, as applicable.

3.Equity Awards. Upon an involuntary termination of employment pursuant to 
which the Executive is entitled to severance pay under Section III.A.1., 
any vested stock option awards held by Executive at the time of his 
termination will remain exercisable by the Executive for the greater of (i) 
90 days following the effective date of the Executive's termination and 
(ii) the remaining term of such option award, and all

 
 

-3-

SCI:4226008.2A
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
other Company equity awards held by Executive that remain unvested upon the 
effective date of his termination will be forfeited for no consideration.

IV.OTHER PROVISIONS

A.No Separate Fund. All severance benefits payable under this Agreement are 
payable from the Company's general assets. There is no separate trust or 
fund established for the payment of severance benefits under this 
Agreement. All amounts payable hereunder shall be less all appropriate 
deductions, including federal, state and local withholding taxes.

 

B.

Section 409A.

1.It is the intent of the parties that the payments and benefits provided 
hereunder are exempt from Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code of 
1986, as amended (“Section 409A”), and should be interpreted and construed 
in such a manner.

2.“Termination of employment”, “resignation”, “separation from service”, or 
correlative phrases or terms, as used in this Agreement means, for purposes 
of any payments under this Agreement that are payments of deferred 
compensation, has the same meaning as “separation from service” as defined 
in Section 409A.

3.If a payment obligation under this Agreement arises on account of the 
Executive's separation from service while the Executive is a “specified 
employee” (as defined under Section 409A and determined in good faith by 
the Board), any payment of “deferred compensation” (as defined under 
Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-1(b)(1), after giving effect to the 
exemptions in Treasury Regulation Sections 1.409A-1(b)(3) through (b)(12)) 
that is scheduled to be paid within six (6) months after such separation 
from service shall accrue with interest and shall be paid within 15 days 
after the end of the six-month period beginning on the date of such 
separation from service or, if earlier, within 15 days after the 
appointment of the personal representative or executor of the Executive's 
estate following his death.

4.Each payment and benefit payable under this Agreement, and each other 
benefit required to be aggregated with the payment and benefits under this 
Agreement pursuant to Section 409A, is hereby designated as a separate 
payment, as provided in Treasury Regulation section 1.409A-2(b)(2)(iii), 
and will not collectively be treated as a single payment.

C.Amendment or Waiver. No provisions of this Agreement may be amended, 
modified, waived or discharged unless Executive and the Company agree to 
such amendment, modification, waiver or discharge in writing.





 





 





-4-
SCI:4226008.2A
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, this Agreement is executed effective as of the date set 
forth above.

Alphatec Holdings, Inc.






By:
Chairman of the Board of Directors





















 





















 





















-6-
SCI:4226008.2A
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
Annex C


ALPHATEC CHANGE IN CONTROL AGREEMENT

This Change in Control Agreement (“Agreement”), dated as of September 14, 
2016, is by and between Alphatec Holdings, Inc. (the “Company”) and Craig 
E. Hunsaker (the “Executive”) (each a “Party”, and, collectively, the 
“Parties”).

1.Term of Agreement. This Agreement shall commence on the date hereof and 
continue in effect until the earlier of (a) Executive's Separation from 
Service other than within twenty-four (24) months following a Change in 
Control (each as defined below); (b) the Company's satisfaction of all of 
its obligations under this Agreement; or (c) the execution of a written 
agreement between the Company and Executive terminating this Agreement.

 

2.

Definitions. As used in this Agreement:

(a)“Annual Compensation” means the sum of the following:

(i)one year of Executive's base salary, the highest rate at which Executive 
was paid at any time during the twelve (12)-month period prior to the 
Executive's Separation from Service; plus

(ii)the greater of (A) the Executive's target annual bonus amount for the 
year in which the Separation from Service occurs, or (B) the highest annual 
bonus paid to the Executive out of the three (3) prior bonuses paid to the 
Executive prior to the Executive's Separation from Service.

(b)“Cause” means (i) Executive's willful and repeated failure to 
satisfactorily perform his or her material duties which is not remedied 
within thirty (30) days' written notice from the Company specifying such 
failure; (ii) Executive's repeated and willful failure to follow the lawful 
directions of the Company's Board of Directors which is not remedied within 
thirty (30) days' written notice from the Company specifying such failure; 
(iii) Executive's conviction of or plea of guilty or nolo contrende to a 
crime involving moral turpitude; (iv) Executive engaging, or in any manner 
participating, in any activity which is directly competitive and materially 
and demonstrably injurious to the Company; or (v) commission of an 
intentional act of fraud, embezzlement or theft by the Executive in the 
course of Executive's employment by the Company.

(c)“Change in Control” has the meaning set forth in the Company's 2016 
Equity Incentive Plan.

(d)“COBRA” means the Consolidated Budget Omnibus Reconciliation Act of 
1985, as amended.

(e)“Code” means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended from 
time-to-time.

SCI:4226014.2
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
(f) “Disability” means that, at the time Executive Separates from Service, 
Executive has been unable to perform the duties of Executive's position for 
a period of 180 consecutive days as the result of an incapacity due to 
physical or mental illness.

(g)“Good Reason” means the occurrence of one of the following which occurs 
within twenty-four (24) months following a Change in Control and without 
Executive's express, written consent: (i) a significant reduction of 
Executive's duties, position or responsibilities (including, without 
limitation, any negative change in reporting hierarchy involving the 
Executive or the person to whom he or she directly reports), or Executive's 
removal from such position and responsibilities; (ii) a material reduction 
by the Company in Executive's base salary or target annual bonus as in 
effect immediately prior to such reduction; (iii) a material reduction by 
the Company in the kind or aggregate level of employee benefits to which 
Executive is entitled immediately prior to such reduction with the result 
that Executive's overall benefits package is significantly reduced; (iv) 
Executive is requested to relocate (except for office relocations that 
would not increase Executive's one way commute to more than fifty (50) 
miles); or (v) the failure of the Company to obtain the assumption of this 
Agreement pursuant to Section 7. For avoidance of doubt (as examples and 
not an exhaustive list), a significant reduction of duties, position or 
responsibilities shall have occurred if the Executive was a Section 16 
reporting officer immediately prior to the Change in Control and is no 
longer a Section 16 reporting officer immediately following the Change in 
Control. The Executive may terminate his employment for “Good Reason” 
within 90 days after Executive has actual knowledge of the occurrence, 
without the written consent of Executive, of one of the above events that 
has not been cured within 30 days after written notice thereof has been 
given by Executive to the Company setting forth in reasonable detail the 
basis of the event (provided that such notice must be given to the Company 
within 30 days of the Executive becoming aware of such condition).

(h)“Long-term Incentive Award Value” means the highest grant date fair 
value of any long-term incentive award (cash and/or equity-based incentive) 
granted to Executive in the three (3) calendar year period prior to the 
calendar year of the Separation from Service.


(i) “PPACA” means the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act of 2010 
and related regulations and guidance promulgated thereunder.

(j)“Separation from Service” or “Separates from Service” means a 
termination of employment with the Company that qualifies as a separation 
from service in accordance with Section 409A of the Code.


(k)“Specified Employee” means an employee who is determined by the Company 
to be a Specified Employee in accordance with Section 409A of the Code.

 


3.


Severance Payments and Benefits.


-2-
SCI:4226014.2
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
(a)If a Change in Control occurs and within a period of twenty-four (24) 
months thereafter, Executive incurs a Separation from Service on account of 
(i) an involuntary termination by the Company for reasons other than death, 
Disability or Cause, or (ii) a voluntary termination elected by the 
Executive for Good Reason, then subject to (A) Executive signing and not 
revoking a separation and general release agreement (the “Release”) in a 
form provided by the Company as may be in use from time to time, and (B) 
Section 4 below, Executive shall (and the Company (or any successor 
thereto) shall pay, award and/or provide):

(1) receive a lump-sum cash severance payment in an amount equal to the sum 
of (a) two times (2x) Executive's Annual Compensation; (b) the product of 
(x) Executive's Long-term Incentive Award Value, multiplied by (y) a 
fraction, the numerator of which is the number of full and partial calendar 
months between January 1 of the year of Separation from Service and the 
date of the Executive's Separation from Service (provided, however, that 
such numerator shall not exceed six (6)) and the denominator of which is 
twelve (12); and (c) the product of (x) the greater of (A) Executive's 
target annual bonus amount for the year in which the Separation from 
Service occurs, or (B) the highest annual bonus paid to the Executive out 
of the three (3) prior bonuses paid to the Executive prior to the 
Executive's Separation from Service, multiplied by (y) a fraction, the 
numerator of which is the number of full and partial calendar months 
between January 1 of the year of Separation from Service and the date of 
the Executive's Separation from Service and the denominator of which is 
twelve (12); and

(2) receive eighteen (18) months of continued coverage under the Company's 
group health plans (based on the level of the Executive's coverage in 
effect on the date of the Executive's Separation from Service), at the 
Company's expense, subject to the Executive's timely election of 
continuation coverage under the COBRA, it being understood that (a) in the 
event that the Executive becomes eligible to receive substantially similar 
or improved medical, dental or vision benefits from a subsequent employer 
(whether or not the Executive accepts such benefits), the Company's 
obligations under this Section 3(a)(2) shall immediately cease, (b) the 
Executive will notify the Company of his eligibility for such benefits from 
a subsequent employer within thirty (30) days of such eligibility and (c) 
in the event that the Company's making payments under this Section 3(a)(2) 
would violate nondiscrimination rules or result in the imposition of 
penalties under the PPACA, the parties agree to reform this Section 3(a)(2) 
in such manner as is necessary to comply with tax laws and the PPACA, as 
applicable.

(3) become fully vested in all Company equity and long-term incentive 
awards granted to Executive (including, but not limited to, and all stock 
options, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock, restricted stock 
units, performance shares, performance units, and all other stock and 
cash-based long-term incentive awards) to the extent that such vesting is 
based on service with the Company. With respect to any performance shares 
and performance unit awards, (a) the final number of units and/or



-3-
SCI:4226014.2
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
shares payable under such awards shall only be determined in accordance 
with the terms and conditions of the respective grant agreement governing 
such award, and accordingly, (b) distribution of such awards can only take 
place following such share and/or unit amount determination. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the full and immediate vesting of any 
restricted stock units, performance shares, performance units, shall not 
change the payment date thereof or otherwise apply to the extent it would 
result in adverse tax consequences under Section 409A of the Code; and

(4) notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the respective award 
agreement(s), be entitled to exercise any stock options or stock 
appreciation rights until the expiration of twenty-four (24) months 
following Executive's Separation from Service (or until such later date as 
may be applicable under the terms of the award agreement governing the 
stock option or stock appreciation right upon termination of employment), 
subject to the maximum full term of the stock option or stock appreciation 
right; provided, however, that, if any stock option or stock appreciation 
right is terminated or cashed-out in connection with a Change in Control, 
the Executive shall receive a lump-sum cash payment equal to the time value 
(i.e., under the Black Scholes option pricing model) of such stock options 
or stock appreciation rights inclusive of the economic value for the period 
of twenty-four (24) months following Executive's Separation from Service 
(or until such later date as may be applicable under the terms of the award 
agreement governing the stock option or stock appreciation right upon 
termination of employment), subject to the maximum full term of the stock 
option or stock appreciation right.

(b)If Executive is not a Specified Employee, all payments made to Executive 
under Section 3(a) immediately above shall be made on the sixtieth (60th) 
calendar day following Executive's Separation from Service, provided that 
Executive's Release must be effective and not revocable on the date payment 
is to be made in order to receive such payments. If Executive is a 
Specified Employee, to the extent required to comply with Section 409A of 
the Code, payments made under Section 3(a) immediately above shall be made 
within ten (10) calendar days following the date following the first (1st) 
day of the seventh (7th) month after the date of Executive's Separation 
from Service, provided that no such payment shall be made to Executive if 
the Release has not become effective as of the six (6)-month anniversary of 
the date of Executive's Separation from Service.

Parachute Payments. In the event that any of the severance payments and 
other benefits provided by this Agreement or otherwise payable to Executive 
(a) constitute “parachute payments” within the meaning of Section 280G of 
the Code, and (b) but for this Section, would be subject to the excise tax 
imposed by Section 4999 of the Code (“Excise Tax”), then Executive's 
severance payments and benefits under this Agreement or otherwise shall be 
payable either in full or in such lesser amount which would result in no 
portion of such severance payments or benefits being subject to the Excise 
Tax, whichever of the foregoing amounts, taking into account the applicable 
federal, state and local income and employment taxes and the Excise Tax, 
results in the receipt by



-4-
SCI:4226014.2
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
Executive, on an after-tax basis, of the greatest amount of severance 
payments and benefits under this Agreement or otherwise, notwithstanding 
that all or some portion of such severance payments or benefits may be 
taxable under Section 4999 of the Code. Any reduction in the severance 
payments and benefits required by this Section shall be made in the 
following order: (i) reduction of cash payments; (ii) reduction of 
accelerated vesting of equity awards other than stock options; (iii) 
reduction of accelerated vesting of stock options; and (iv) reduction of 
other benefits paid or provided to Executive. The calculations in Section 4 
will be performed by the professional firm engaged by the Company for 
general tax purposes as of the day prior to the date of the event that 
might reasonably be anticipated to result in severance payments and 
benefits that would otherwise be subject to the Excise Tax. If the tax firm 
so engaged by the Company is serving as accountant or auditor for the 
acquiring company, the Company shall appoint a nationally recognized tax 
firm to make the determinations required by this Section. The Company shall 
bear all expenses with respect to the determinations by such firm required 
to be made by this Section 4. The Company and Executive shall furnish such 
tax firm such information and documents as the tax firm may reasonably 
request in order to make its required determination. The tax firm will 
provide its calculations, together with detailed supporting documentation, 
to the Company and Executive as soon as practicable following its 
engagement. Any good faith determinations of the tax firm made hereunder 
shall be final, binding and conclusive upon the Company and Executive. As a 
result of the uncertainty in the application of Sections 409A, 280G or 4999 
of the Code at the time of the initial determination by the professional 
tax firm described in this Section 4, it is possible that the Internal 
Revenue Service (the “IRS”) or other agency will claim that an Excise Tax 
greater than that amount, if any, determined by such professional firm for 
the purposes of Section 4 is due (the “Additional Excise Tax”). Executive 
shall notify the Company in writing of any claim by the IRS or other agency 
that, if successful, would require payment of Additional Excise Tax. 
Executive and the Company shall each reasonably cooperate with the other in 
connection with any administrative or judicial proceedings concerning the 
existence or amount of liability for Excise Tax with respect to payments 
made or due to Executive. The Company shall pay all reasonable fees, 
expenses and penalties of Executive relating to a claim by the IRS or other 
agency. In the event it is finally determined that a further reduction 
would have been required under Section 4 to place Executive in a better 
after-tax position, Executive shall repay the Company such amount within 30 
days thereof in order to effect such result.


No Mitigation. Executive shall not be required to mitigate the amount of 
any payment or benefit provided for in Section 3 hereof by seeking other 
employment or otherwise, nor shall the amount of such payment be reduced by 
reason of compensation or other income Executive receives for services 
rendered after Executive's Separation from Service from the Company.


 


6.


Exclusive Remedy. In the event of Executive's Separation from Service on 
account of an involuntary termination without Cause or a voluntary 
termination for Good


 
 

-5-
SCI:4226014.2
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
Reason within twenty-four (24) months following a Change in Control, the 
provisions of Section 3 are intended to be and are exclusive and in lieu of 
any other rights or remedies to which Executive or the Company may 
otherwise be entitled (including any contrary provisions in any employment 
agreement Executive may have with the Company), whether at law, tort or 
contract, in equity, or under this Agreement. Payments made to or on behalf 
of Executive under any other severance plan, policy, contract or 
arrangement with the Company shall reduce amounts payable under this 
Agreement on a dollar for dollar basis.

Company's Successors. The Company will require any successor (whether 
direct or indirect, by purchase, merger, consolidation or otherwise) to all 
or substantially all of the business and/or assets of the Company, to 
expressly assume and agree to perform the obligations under this Agreement 
in the same manner and to the same extent that the Company would be 
required to perform if no such succession had taken place. As used in this 
Section 7, Company includes any successor to its business or assets as 
aforesaid which executes and delivers this Agreement or which otherwise 
becomes bound by all the terms and provisions of this Agreement by 
operation of law.

Notice. Notices and all other communications provided for in this Agreement 
shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly given when 
personally delivered or five (5) days after deposit with postal authorities 
transmitted by United States registered or certified mail, return receipt 
requested, postage prepaid, addressed to the respective addresses set forth 
on the first or last page of this Agreement, or to such other address as 
either party may have furnished to the other in writing in accordance 
herewith, except that notices of change of address shall be effective only 
upon receipt.

Amendment or Waiver. No provisions of this Agreement may be amended, 
modified, waived or discharged unless Executive and the Company agree to 
such amendment, modification, waiver or discharge in writing. No amendment, 
modification, waiver or discharge of this Agreement shall result in the 
accelerated payment of any benefit or payment provided for in Section 3. No 
waiver by either party at any time of the breach of, or lack of compliance 
with, any conditions or provisions of this Agreement shall be deemed a 
waiver of the provisions or conditions hereof.

Entire Agreement. This Agreement represents the entire agreement between 
Executive and the Company with respect to the matters set forth herein and 
supersedes and replaces any prior agreements in their entirety. No 
agreements or representations, oral or otherwise, express or implied, with 
respect to the subject matter of this Agreement will be made by either 
party which are not set forth expressly herein. No future agreement between 
Executive and the Company may supersede this Agreement, unless it is in 
writing and specifically makes reference to this Section 10.

Executive's Successors. This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be 
enforceable by Executive's personal or legal representatives, executors, 
administrators,


-6-
SCI:4226014.2
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
successors, heirs, distributees, devisees and legatees. If Executive dies 
while any amounts are still payable hereunder, all such amounts, unless 
otherwise provided herein, shall be paid in accordance with the terms of 
this Agreement to Executive's devisee, legatee, or other designee or, if 
there be no such designees, to Executive's estate.

No Funding Obligation. This Agreement shall be unfunded. Any payment made 
under this Agreement shall be made from the Company's general assets, and 
the Executive's rights shall be no greater than those of general unsecured 
creditor of the Company.

Legal Fees. In the event of any dispute or controversy arising out, 
relating to, or in connection with this Agreement, the Company shall 
reimburse Executive for reasonable attorney fees, costs and expenses 
incurred with respect thereto if Executive substantially prevails on the 
merits with respect to any breach of this Agreement by the Company.

Headings. All captions and section headings used in this Agreement are for 
convenient reference only and do not form a part of this Agreement.

Validity. The invalidity or unenforceability of any provision of this 
Agreement shall not affect the validity or enforceability of any other 
provisions of this Agreement, which shall remain in full force and effect.

Withholding. All payments made pursuant to this Agreement will be subject 
to withholding of applicable income, employment and excise taxes.

Applicable Law. This Agreement shall be interpreted and enforced in 
accordance with the laws of the State of California (with the exception of 
its conflict of law provisions). This Agreement is intended to comply with 
or be exempt from Section 409A of the Code and the regulations promulgated 
thereunder.

Counterparts; Electronic Signatures. This Agreement may be executed 
(including via electronic signature) in counterparts, each of which shall 
be deemed an original, but all of which together will constitute one and 
the same instrument.

-7-
SCI:4226014.2
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, this Agreement is executed effective as of the date set 
forth above.


Alphatec Holdings, Inc.




By:
Chairman of the Board of Directors


























-8-
SCI:4226014.2