 EX-10.3 5 f8k122716ex10iii_pacific.htm FORM OF REGISTRATION RIGHTS 
AGREEMENT, BY AND AMONG PACIFIC SPECIAL ACQUISITION CORP., ZHENGQI 
INTERNATIONAL HOLDING LIMITED
Exhibit 10.3
 
FORM OF
REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT
 
THIS REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT (this “Agreement”) is entered into as of 
[●], 2017, by and among (i) Pacific Special Acquisition Corp., a British 
Virgin Islands company with limited liability, which will be known after 
the consummation of the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement 
(as defined below) as “Borqs Technologies, Inc.” (including any successor 
entity thereto, the “Company”), (ii) Zhengqi International Holding Limited, 
a business company incorporated in the British Virgin Islands with limited 
liability, in its capacity under the Merger Agreement as the Purchaser 
Representative (including any successor Purchaser Representative in 
accordance with the Merger Agreement, the “Purchaser Representative”) and 
(iii) the undersigned parties listed as Investors on Exhibit A hereto and 
under Investor on the signature page hereto (each, an “Investor” and 
collectively, the “Investors”).
 
WHEREAS, on December 27, 2016, the Company and the Purchaser Representative 
entered into that certain Merger Agreement (as amended from time to time in 
accordance with the terms thereof, the “Merger Agreement”), by and among 
(i) the Company, (ii) PAAC Merger Subsidiary Limited, an exempted company 
formed under the laws of the Cayman Islands with limited liability and a 
wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company (“Merger Sub”), (iii) the Purchaser 
Representative, (iv) Borqs International Holding Corp, a company formed 
under the laws of the Cayman Islands with limited liability (“Borqs”), (v) 
Zengdong Zou, in the capacity as the Seller Representative thereunder, and 
(vi), for limited purposes thereof, Zhengqi International Holding Limited, 
a business company incorporated in the British Virgin Islands with limited 
liability, pursuant to which, subject to the terms and conditions thereof, 
Merger Sub will merge with and into Borqs, with Borqs continuing as the 
surviving entity (the “Merger”), and as a result of which (i) all of the 
issued and outstanding capital shares of Borqs, immediately prior to the 
consummation of the Merger (the “Closing”) shall no longer be outstanding 
and shall automatically be cancelled and shall cease to exist, in exchange 
for the right to receive the Merger Consideration Shares, subject to the 
withholding of the Escrow Shares being deposited in the Escrow Account in 
accordance with the terms and conditions of the Merger Agreement and that 
certain Escrow Agreement (the “Company Consideration Shares”), (ii) Borqs’ 
holders immediately prior to the Effective Time shall be issued warrants of 
the Company exercisable into ordinary shares of the Company (the “Company 
Consideration Warrants” and, together with the Company Consideration 
Shares, the “Company Consideration Securities”) and (iii) each outstanding 
Borqs option shall be assumed by the Company and automatically converted 
into any option exercisable into ordinary shares of the Company (as 
equitably adjusted), all upon the terms and subject to the conditions set 
forth in the Merger Agreement and in accordance with the applicable 
provisions of the Companies Law (2016 Revision) of the Cayman Islands;
 
WHEREAS, the Investors are holders of the issued and outstanding capital 
shares and warrants to purchase capital shares of Borqs;
 
WHEREAS, in connection with the Closing under the Merger Agreement, each 
Investor is also entering into a Lock-Up Agreement, dated as of the date 
hereof (each, as it may be amended, a “Lock-Up Agreement”), with the 
Company and the Purchaser Representative, pursuant to which such Investor 
is agreeing to certain restrictions on the transfer of the Company 
Consideration Securities received by such Investor;
 
WHEREAS, the Company is a party to a Registration Rights Agreement, dated 
as of October 14, 2015 (the “Founder Registration Rights Agreement”), with 
the holders of Company securities named therein; and
 
WHEREAS, the parties desire to enter into this Agreement to provide the 
Investors with certain rights relating to the registration of the Company 
Consideration Securities received in exchange for the applicable Borqs 
capital shares and warrants pursuant to the terms of the Merger Agreement.
 

  	 	 

 

 
NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants and agreements set 
forth herein, and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt 
and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto agree 
as follows: 
 
1.  DEFINITIONS. The following capitalized terms used herein have the 
following meanings:
 
“AAA” is defined in Section 6.11.
 
“Agreement” means this Agreement, as amended, restated, supplemented, or 
otherwise modified from time to time.
 
“Borqs” is defined in the recitals to this Agreement.
 
“Closing” is defined in the preamble to this Agreement.
 
“Closing Date” means the date of the Closing.
 
“Commission” means the Securities and Exchange Commission, or any other 
U.S. Federal agency then administering the Securities Act or the Exchange 
Act.
 
“Company” is defined in the preamble to this Agreement.
 
“Company Consideration Securities” is defined in the recitals to this 
Agreement.
 
“Company Consideration Shares” is defined in the recitals to this 
Agreement.
 
“Company Consideration Warrants” is defined in the recitals to this 
Agreement.
 
“Demand Registration” is defined in Section 2.1.1.
 
“Demanding Holder” is defined in Section 2.1.1.
 
“Exchange Act” means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and 
the rules and regulations of the Commission promulgated thereunder, all as 
the same shall be in effect at the time.
 
“Form S-3” is defined in Section 2.3.
 
“Founder Registration Rights Agreement” is defined in the recitals to this 
Agreement.
 
“Founder Securities” means those securities included in the definition of 
“Registrable Securities” specified in the Founder Registration Rights 
Agreement.
 
“Indemnified Party” is defined in Section 4.3.
 
“Indemnifying Party” is defined in Section 4.3.
 
“Investor” is defined in the preamble to this Agreement.
 
“Investor Indemnified Party” is defined in Section 4.1.
 
“Lock-Up Agreement” is defined in the recitals to this Agreement.
 
“Lock-Up Release Date” means the date on which the Lock-Up Period (as 
defined in the applicable Lock-Up Agreement) under the applicable Lock-Up 
Agreement has ended for all Registrable Securities to which it applies.
  
“Maximum Number of Shares” is defined in Section 2.1.4.
 
“Merger” is defined in the recitals to this Agreement.
 
“Merger Agreement” is defined in the recitals to this Agreement.
 
“Merger Sub” is defined in the recitals to this Agreement.
 
“Notices” is defined in Section 6.3.
 
“Ordinary Shares” means the Ordinary Shares of the Company, no par value.
 

  	2 	 

 

 
“Piggy-Back Registration” is defined in Section 2.2.1.
 
“Pro Rata” is defined in Section 2.1.4.
 
“Proceeding” is defined in Section 6.10.
 
“Purchaser Representative” is defined in the preamble to this Agreement.
 
“Register,” “Registered” and “Registration” mean a registration effected by 
preparing and filing a registration statement or similar document in 
compliance with the requirements of the Securities Act, and the applicable 
rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, and such registration 
statement becoming effective.
 
“Registrable Securities” means all of the Company Consideration Securities. 
Registrable Securities include any warrants, share capital or other 
securities of the Company issued as a dividend or other distribution with 
respect to or in exchange for or in replacement of such Company 
Consideration Securities. As to any particular Registrable Securities, such 
securities shall cease to be Registrable Securities when: (a) a 
Registration Statement with respect to the sale of such securities shall 
have become effective under the Securities Act and such securities shall 
have been sold, transferred, disposed of or exchanged in accordance with 
such Registration Statement; (b) such securities shall have been otherwise 
transferred, new certificates for them not bearing a legend restricting 
further transfer shall have been delivered by the Company and subsequent 
public distribution of them shall not require registration under the 
Securities Act; (c) such securities shall have ceased to be outstanding, or 
(d) the Registrable Securities are freely saleable under Rule 144 without 
volume limitations. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained 
herein, a person shall be deemed to be a “holder of Registrable Securities” 
under this Agreement only if they are an Investor or a transferee of the 
Registrable Securities (so long as they remain Registrable Securities) of 
any Investor permitted under this Agreement and the applicable Lock-Up 
Agreement.
 
“Registration Statement” means a registration statement filed by the 
Company with the Commission in compliance with the Securities Act and the 
rules and regulations promulgated thereunder for a public offering and sale 
of equity securities, or securities or other obligations exercisable or 
exchangeable for, or convertible into, equity securities (other than a 
registration statement on Form S-4 or Form S-8, or their successors, or any 
registration statement covering only securities proposed to be issued in 
exchange for securities or assets of another entity).
  
“Securities Act” means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the 
rules and regulations of the Commission promulgated thereunder, all as the 
same shall be in effect at the time.
 
“Specified Courts” is defined in Section 6.10.
 
“Underwriter” means a securities dealer who purchases any Registrable 
Securities as principal in an underwritten offering and not as part of such 
dealer’s market-making activities.
 
2.  REGISTRATION RIGHTS.
 
2.1.  Demand Registration.
 
2.1.1.  Request for Registration. Subject to Section 2.4, at any time and 
from time to time after the Closing Date, the holders of a 
majority-in-interest of any class of Registrable Securities held by the 
Investors or the transferees of the Investors may make a written demand for 
registration under the Securities Act of all or part of such class of 
Registrable Securities (a “Demand Registration”). Any demand for a Demand 
Registration shall specify the number of Registrable Securities proposed to 
be sold and the intended method(s) of distribution thereof. The Company 
will notify all other holders of Registrable Securities of the demand 
within fifteen (15) days following receipt of any request for a Demand 
Registration, and each holder of Registrable Securities who wishes to 
include all or a portion of such holder’s Registrable Securities in the 
Demand Registration (each such holder including shares of Registrable 
Securities in such registration, a “Demanding Holder”) shall so notify the 
Company within fifteen (15) days after the receipt by the holder of the 
notice from the Company. Upon any such request, the Demanding Holders shall 
be entitled to have their Registrable Securities included in the Demand 
Registration, subject to Section 2.1.4 and the provisos set forth in 
Section 3.1.1. The Company shall not be obligated to effect more than an 
aggregate of three (3) Demand Registrations under this Section 2.1.1 in 
respect of all Registrable Securities.
 

  	3 	 

 

 
2.1.2.  Effective Registration. A registration will not count as a Demand 
Registration until the Registration Statement filed with the Commission 
with respect to such Demand Registration has been declared effective and 
the Company has complied with all of its obligations under this Agreement 
with respect thereto; provided, however, that if, after such Registration 
Statement has been declared effective, the offering of Registrable 
Securities pursuant to a Demand Registration is interfered with by any stop 
order or injunction of the Commission or any other governmental agency or 
court, the Registration Statement with respect to such Demand Registration 
will be deemed not to have been declared effective, unless and until, (i) 
such stop order or injunction is removed, rescinded or otherwise 
terminated, and (ii) a majority-in-interest of the Demanding Holders 
thereafter elect to continue the offering; provided, further, that the 
Company shall not be obligated to file a second Registration Statement 
until a Registration Statement that has been filed is counted as a Demand 
Registration or is terminated.
 
2.1.3.  Underwritten Offering. If a majority-in-interest of the Demanding 
Holders so elect and such holders so advise the Company as part of their 
written demand for a Demand Registration, the offering of such Registrable 
Securities pursuant to such Demand Registration shall be in the form of an 
underwritten offering. In such event, the right of any holder to include 
its Registrable Securities in such registration shall be conditioned upon 
such holder’s participation in such underwriting and the inclusion of such 
holder’s Registrable Securities in the underwriting to the extent provided 
herein. All Demanding Holders proposing to distribute their Registrable 
Securities through such underwriting shall enter into an underwriting 
agreement in customary form with the Underwriter or Underwriters selected 
for such underwriting by a majority-in-interest of the holders initiating 
the Demand Registration.
 
2.1.4.  Reduction of Offering. If the managing Underwriter or Underwriters 
for a Demand Registration that is to be an underwritten offering advises 
the Company and the Demanding Holders in writing that the dollar amount or 
number of Registrable Securities which the Demanding Holders desire to 
sell, taken together with all other Ordinary Shares or other securities 
which the Company desires to sell and the Ordinary Shares, if any, as to 
which registration by the Company has been requested pursuant to written 
contractual piggy-back registration rights held by other security holders 
of the Company who desire to sell, exceeds the maximum dollar amount or 
maximum number of shares that can be sold in such offering without 
adversely affecting the proposed offering price, the timing, the 
distribution method, or the probability of success of such offering (such 
maximum dollar amount or maximum number of shares, as applicable, the “
Maximum Number of Shares”), then the Company shall include in such 
registration: (i) first, the Registrable Securities as to which Demand 
Registration has been requested by the Demanding Holders and the Founder 
Securities for the account of any persons who have exercised demand 
registration rights pursuant to the Founder Registration Rights Agreement 
during the period under which the Demand Registration hereunder is on-going 
(all pro rata in accordance with the number of securities that each such 
person has requested be included in such registration, regardless of the 
number of securities held by each such person (such proportion is referred 
to herein as “Pro Rata”) that can be sold without exceeding the Maximum 
Number of Shares; (ii) second, to the extent that the Maximum Number of 
Shares has not been reached under the foregoing clause (i), the Ordinary 
Shares or other securities that the Company desires to sell that can be 
sold without exceeding the Maximum Number of Shares; (iii) third, to the 
extent that the Maximum Number of Shares have not been reached under the 
foregoing clauses (i) and (ii), the Ordinary Shares or other securities for 
the account of other persons that the Company is obligated to register 
pursuant to written contractual arrangements with such persons in effect as 
of the date of this Agreement, and that can be sold without exceeding the 
Maximum Number of Shares; and (iv) fourth, to the extent that the Maximum 
Number of Shares have not been reached under the foregoing clauses (i), 
(ii), and (iii), the Ordinary Shares or other securities for the account of 
other persons that the Company is obligated to register pursuant to written 
contractual arrangements with such persons with effective dates after the 
date of this Agreement, and that can be sold without exceeding the Maximum 
Number of Shares. In the event that Company securities that are convertible 
into Ordinary Shares are included in the offering, the calculations under 
this Section 2.1.4 shall include such Company securities on an as-converted 
to Ordinary Share basis.
 
2.1.5.  Withdrawal. If a majority-in-interest of the Demanding Holders 
disapprove of the terms of any underwriting or are not entitled to include 
all of their Registrable Securities in any offering, such 
majority-in-interest of the Demanding Holders may elect to withdraw from 
such offering by giving written notice to the Company and the Underwriter 
or Underwriters of their request to withdraw prior to the effectiveness of 
the Registration Statement filed with the Commission with respect to such 
Demand Registration. If the majority-in-interest of the Demanding Holders 
withdraws from a proposed offering relating to a Demand Registration, then 
such registration shall not count as a Demand Registration provided for in 
Section 2.1.
 

  	4 	 

 

 
2.2.  Piggy-Back Registration.
 
2.2.1.  Piggy-Back Rights. Subject to Section 2.4, if at any time after the 
Closing Date the Company proposes to file a Registration Statement under 
the Securities Act with respect to an offering of equity securities, or 
securities or other obligations exercisable or exchangeable for, or 
convertible into, equity securities, by the Company for its own account or 
for security holders of the Company for their account (or by the Company 
and by security holders of the Company including, without limitation, 
pursuant to Section 2.1), other than a Registration Statement (i) filed in 
connection with any employee share option or other benefit plan, (ii) for 
an exchange offer or offering of securities solely to the Company’s 
existing shareholders, (iii) for an offering of debt that is convertible 
into equity securities of the Company or (iv) for a dividend reinvestment 
plan, then the Company shall (x) give written notice of such proposed 
filing to the holders of Registrable Securities as soon as practicable but 
in no event less than ten (10) days before the anticipated filing date, 
which notice shall describe the amount and type of securities to be 
included in such offering, the intended method(s) of distribution, and the 
name of the proposed managing Underwriter or Underwriters, if any, of the 
offering, and (y) offer to the holders of Registrable Securities in such 
notice the opportunity to register the sale of such number of Registrable 
Securities as such holders may request in writing within five (5) days 
following receipt of such notice (a “Piggy-Back Registration”). The Company 
shall cause such Registrable Securities to be included in such registration 
and shall use its best efforts to cause the managing Underwriter or 
Underwriters of a proposed underwritten offering to permit the Registrable 
Securities requested to be included in a Piggy-Back Registration on the 
same terms and conditions as any similar securities of the Company and to 
permit the sale or other disposition of such Registrable Securities in 
accordance with the intended method(s) of distribution thereof. All holders 
of Registrable Securities proposing to distribute their securities through 
a Piggy-Back Registration that involves an Underwriter or Underwriters 
shall enter into an underwriting agreement in customary form with the 
Underwriter or Underwriters selected for such Piggy-Back Registration.
 
2.2.2.  Reduction of Offering. If the managing Underwriter or Underwriters 
for a Piggy-Back Registration that is to be an underwritten offering 
advises the Company and the holders of Registrable Securities proposing to 
distribute their Registrable Securities through such Piggy-Back 
Registration in writing that the dollar amount or number of Ordinary Shares 
or other Company securities which the Company desires to sell, taken 
together with the Ordinary Shares or other Company securities, if any, as 
to which registration has been demanded pursuant to written contractual 
arrangements with persons other than the holders of Registrable Securities 
hereunder, the Registrable Securities as to which registration has been 
requested under this Section 2.2, and the Ordinary Shares or other Company 
securities, if any, as to which registration has been requested pursuant to 
the written contractual piggy-back registration rights of other security 
holders of the Company, exceeds the Maximum Number of Shares, then the 
Company shall include in any such registration: 
 
    (a)  If the registration is undertaken for the Company’s account: (i)
    first, the Ordinary Shares or other securities that the Company desires
    to sell that can be sold without exceeding the Maximum Number of
    Shares; (ii) second, to the extent that the Maximum Number of Shares
    has not been reached under the foregoing clause (i), the Ordinary
    Shares or other securities, if any, comprised of Registrable Securities
    or Founder Securities, as to which registration has been requested
    pursuant to the applicable written contractual piggy-back registration
    rights of such security holders, Pro Rata, that can be sold without
    exceeding the Maximum Number of Shares; and (iii) third, to the extent
    that the Maximum Number of shares has not been reached under the
    foregoing clauses (i) and (ii), the Ordinary Shares or other securities
    for the account of other persons that the Company is obligated to
    register pursuant to written contractual piggy-back registration rights
    with such persons in effect as of the date of this Agreement, and that
    can be sold without exceeding the Maximum Number of Shares; and (iv)
    fourth, to the extent that the Maximum Number of Shares have not been
    reached under the foregoing clauses (i), (ii), and (iii), the Ordinary
    Shares or other securities for the account of other persons that the
    Company is obligated to register pursuant to written contractual
    arrangements with such persons with effective dates after the date of
    this Agreement, and that can be sold without exceeding the Maximum
    Number of Shares.
     

  	5 	 

 

     
    (b)  If the registration is a “demand” registration undertaken at the
    demand of persons other than the holders of Registrable Securities
    hereunder (including any Founder Securities under the Founder
    Registration Rights Agreements): (i) first, the Ordinary Shares or
    other securities for the account of the demanding persons that can be
    sold without exceeding the Maximum Number of Shares; (ii) second, to
    the extent that the Maximum Number of Shares has not been reached under
    the foregoing clause (i), the Ordinary Shares or other securities that
    the Company desires to sell that can be sold without exceeding the
    Maximum Number of Shares; (iii) third, to the extent that the Maximum
    Number of Shares has not been reached under the foregoing clauses (i)
    and (ii), the Registrable Securities as to which registration has been
    requested by Investors pursuant to the terms hereof and Ordinary Shares
    or other securities for the account of other persons that the Company
    is obligated to register pursuant to written contractual arrangements
    with such persons in effect as of the date of this Agreement, in each
    case Pro Rata, that can be sold without exceeding the Maximum Number of
    Shares; and (iv) fourth, to the extent that the Maximum Number of
    Shares has not been reached under the foregoing clauses (i), (ii) and
    (iii), the Ordinary Shares or other securities for the account of other
    persons that the Company is obligated to register pursuant to written
    contractual arrangements with such persons with effective dates after
    the date of this Agreement, that can be sold without exceeding the
    Maximum Number of Shares.
     
2.2.3.  Withdrawal. Any holder of Registrable Securities may elect to 
withdraw such holder’s request for inclusion of Registrable Securities in 
any Piggy-Back Registration by giving written notice to the Company of such 
request to withdraw prior to the effectiveness of the Registration 
Statement. The Company (whether on its own determination or as the result 
of a withdrawal by persons making a demand pursuant to written contractual 
obligations) may withdraw a Registration Statement at any time prior to the 
effectiveness of such Registration Statement without any liability to the 
applicable Investor, subject to the next sentence and the provisions of 
Section 4. Notwithstanding any such withdrawal, the Company shall pay all 
expenses incurred in connection with such Piggy-Back Registration as 
provided in Section 3.3 by the holders of Registrable Securities that have 
requested to have their Registrable Securities included in such Piggy-Back 
Registration.
 
2.3.  Registrations on Form S-3. Subject to Section 2.4, after the Closing 
Date, holders of Registrable Securities may at any time and from time to 
time, request in writing that the Company register the resale of any or all 
of such Registrable Securities on Form S-3 or any similar short-form 
registration which may be available at such time (“Form S-3”); provided, 
however, that the Company shall not be obligated to effect such request 
through an underwritten offering. Upon receipt of such written request, the 
Company will promptly give written notice of the proposed registration to 
all other holders of Registrable Securities, and, as soon as practicable 
thereafter, effect the registration of all or such portion of such holder’s 
or holders’ Registrable Securities as are specified in such request, 
together with all or such portion of the Registrable Securities or other 
securities of the Company, if any, of any other holder or holders joining 
in such request as are specified in a written request given within fifteen 
(15) days after receipt of such written notice from the Company; provided, 
however, that the Company shall not be obligated to effect any such 
registration pursuant to this Section 2.3: (i) if Form S-3 is not available 
to the Company for such offering; or (ii) if the holders of Registrable 
Securities, together with the holders of any other securities of the 
Company entitled to inclusion in such registration, propose to sell 
Registrable Securities and such other securities (if any) at any aggregate 
price to the public of less than $500,000. Registrations effected pursuant 
to this Section 2.3 shall not be counted as Demand Registrations effected 
pursuant to Section 2.1.
 
2.4.  Restriction of Offerings. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary 
contained in this Agreement, the Investors shall not be entitled to 
request, and the Company shall not be obligated to effect, or take any 
action to effect, any registration (including any Demand Registration or 
Piggyback Registration) pursuant to this Section 2 with respect to any 
Registrable Securities prior to the date that is three (3) months prior to 
the applicable Lock-Up Release Date, including any Escrow Shares (as 
defined in the Lock-Up Agreement) while they are subject to restrictions on 
transfer under the applicable Lock-Up Agreement, and no such registration 
will be effective or any transfer permitted until the applicable Lock-Up 
Release Date.
 

  	6 	 

 

 
3.  REGISTRATION PROCEDURES.
 
3.1.  Filings; Information. Whenever the Company is required to effect the 
registration of any Registrable Securities pursuant to Section 2, the 
Company shall use its best efforts to effect the registration and sale of 
such Registrable Securities in accordance with the intended method(s) of 
distribution thereof as expeditiously as practicable, and in connection 
with any such request: 
 
3.1.1.  Filing Registration Statement. The Company shall use its best 
efforts to, as expeditiously as possible after receipt of a request for a 
Demand Registration pursuant to Section 2.1, prepare and file with the 
Commission a Registration Statement on any form for which the Company then 
qualifies or which counsel for the Company shall deem appropriate and which 
form shall be available for the sale of all Registrable Securities to be 
registered thereunder in accordance with the intended method(s) of 
distribution thereof, and shall use its best efforts to cause such 
Registration Statement to become effective and use its best efforts to keep 
it effective for the period required by Section 3.1.3; provided, however, 
that the Company shall have the right to defer any Demand Registration for 
up to thirty (30) days, and any Piggy-Back Registration for such period as 
may be applicable to deferment of any demand registration to which such 
Piggy-Back Registration relates, in each case if the Company shall furnish 
to the Investors requesting to include their Registrable Securities in such 
registration a certificate signed by the President or Chairman of the 
Company stating that, in the good faith judgment of the Board of Directors 
of the Company, it would be materially detrimental to the Company and its 
shareholders for such Registration Statement to be effected at such time; 
provided further, however, that the Company shall not have the right to 
exercise the right set forth in the immediately preceding proviso more than 
once in any 365-day period in respect of a Demand Registration hereunder.
 
3.1.2.  Copies. The Company shall, prior to filing a Registration Statement 
or prospectus, or any amendment or supplement thereto, furnish without 
charge to the holders of Registrable Securities included in such 
registration, and such holders’ legal counsel, copies of such Registration 
Statement as proposed to be filed, each amendment and supplement to such 
Registration Statement (in each case including all exhibits thereto and 
documents incorporated by reference therein), the prospectus included in 
such Registration Statement (including each preliminary prospectus), and 
such other documents as the holders of Registrable Securities included in 
such registration or legal counsel for any such holders may request in 
order to facilitate the disposition of the Registrable Securities owned by 
such holders.
 
3.1.3.  Amendments and Supplements. The Company shall prepare and file with 
the Commission such amendments, including post-effective amendments, and 
supplements to such Registration Statement and the prospectus used in 
connection therewith as may be necessary to keep such Registration 
Statement effective and in compliance with the provisions of the Securities 
Act until all Registrable Securities and other securities covered by such 
Registration Statement have been disposed of in accordance with the 
intended method(s) of distribution set forth in such Registration Statement 
or such securities have been withdrawn or until such time as the 
Registrable Securities cease to be Registrable Securities as defined by 
this Agreement.
 
3.1.4.  Notification. After the filing of a Registration Statement, the 
Company shall promptly, and in no event more than two (2) business days 
after such filing, notify the holders of Registrable Securities included in 
such Registration Statement of such filing, and shall further notify such 
holders promptly and confirm such advice in writing in all events within 
two (2) business days of the occurrence of any of the following: (i) when 
such Registration Statement becomes effective; (ii) when any post-effective 
amendment to such Registration Statement becomes effective; (iii) the 
issuance or threatened issuance by the Commission of any stop order (and 
the Company shall take all actions required to prevent the entry of such 
stop order or to remove it if entered); and (iv) any request by the 
Commission for any amendment or supplement to such Registration Statement 
or any prospectus relating thereto or for additional information or of the 
occurrence of an event requiring the preparation of a supplement or 
amendment to such prospectus so that, as thereafter delivered to the 
purchasers of the securities covered by such Registration Statement, such 
prospectus will not contain an untrue statement of a material fact or omit 
to state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to 
make the statements therein not misleading, and promptly make available to 
the holders of Registrable Securities included in such Registration 
Statement any such supplement or amendment; except that before filing with 
the Commission a Registration Statement or prospectus or any amendment or 
supplement thereto, including documents incorporated by reference, the 
Company shall furnish to the holders of Registrable Securities included in 
such Registration Statement and to the legal counsel for any such holders, 
copies of all such documents proposed to be filed sufficiently in advance 
of filing to provide such holders and legal counsel with a reasonable 
opportunity to review such documents and comment thereon, and the Company 
shall not file any Registration Statement or prospectus or amendment or 
supplement thereto, including documents incorporated by reference, to which 
such holders or their legal counsel shall object.
 

  	7 	 

 

 
3.1.5.  State Securities Laws Compliance. The Company shall use its best 
efforts to (i) register or qualify the Registrable Securities covered by 
the Registration Statement under such securities or “blue sky” laws of such 
jurisdictions in the United States as the holders of Registrable Securities 
included in such Registration Statement (in light of their intended plan of 
distribution) may request and (ii) take such action necessary to cause such 
Registrable Securities covered by the Registration Statement to be 
registered with or approved by such other governmental authorities as may 
be necessary by virtue of the business and operations of the Company and do 
any and all other acts and things that may be necessary or advisable to 
enable the holders of Registrable Securities included in such Registration 
Statement to consummate the disposition of such Registrable Securities in 
such jurisdictions; provided, however, that the Company shall not be 
required to qualify generally to do business in any jurisdiction where it 
would not otherwise be required to qualify but for this paragraph or 
subject itself to taxation in any such jurisdiction.
 
3.1.6.  Agreements for Disposition. The Company shall enter into customary 
agreements (including, if applicable, an underwriting agreement in 
customary form) and take such other actions as are reasonably required in 
order to expedite or facilitate the disposition of such Registrable 
Securities. The representations, warranties and covenants of the Company in 
any underwriting agreement which are made to or for the benefit of any 
Underwriters, to the extent applicable, shall also be made to and for the 
benefit of the holders of Registrable Securities included in such 
Registration Statement. No holder of Registrable Securities included in 
such Registration Statement shall be required to make any representations 
or warranties in the underwriting agreement except, if applicable, with 
respect to such holder’s organization, good standing, authority, title to 
Registrable Securities, lack of conflict of such sale with such holder’s 
material agreements and organizational documents, and with respect to 
written information relating to such holder that such holder has furnished 
in writing expressly for inclusion in such Registration Statement.
 
3.1.7.  Cooperation. The principal executive officer of the Company, the 
principal financial officer of the Company, the principal accounting 
officer of the Company and all other officers and members of the management 
of the Company shall cooperate fully in any offering of Registrable 
Securities hereunder, which cooperation shall include, without limitation, 
the preparation of the Registration Statement with respect to such offering 
and all other offering materials and related documents, and participation 
in meetings with Underwriters, attorneys, accountants and potential 
investors.
 
3.1.8.  Records. The Company shall make available for inspection by the 
holders of Registrable Securities included in such Registration Statement, 
any Underwriter participating in any disposition pursuant to such 
registration statement and any attorney, accountant or other professional 
retained by any holder of Registrable Securities included in such 
Registration Statement or any Underwriter, all financial and other records, 
pertinent corporate documents and properties of the Company, as shall be 
necessary to enable them to exercise their due diligence responsibility, 
and cause the Company’s officers, directors and employees to supply all 
information requested by any of them in connection with such Registration 
Statement.
 
3.1.9.  Opinions and Comfort Letters. The Company shall furnish to each 
holder of Registrable Securities included in such Registration Statement a 
signed counterpart, addressed to such holder, of (i) any opinion of counsel 
to the Company delivered to any Underwriter and (ii) any comfort letter 
from the Company’s independent public accountants delivered to any 
Underwriter. In the event no legal opinion is delivered to any Underwriter, 
the Company shall furnish to each holder of Registrable Securities included 
in such Registration Statement, at any time that such holder elects to use 
a prospectus, an opinion of counsel to the Company to the effect that the 
Registration Statement containing such prospectus has been declared 
effective and that no stop order is in effect.
 
3.1.10.   Earnings Statement. The Company shall comply with all applicable 
rules and regulations of the Commission and the Securities Act, and make 
available to its shareholders, as soon as practicable, an earnings 
statement covering a period of twelve (12) months, which earnings statement 
shall satisfy the provisions of Section 11(a) of the Securities Act and 
Rule 158 thereunder.
 
3.1.11.   Listing. The Company shall use its best efforts to cause all 
Registrable Securities included in any registration to be listed on such 
exchanges or otherwise designated for trading in the same manner as similar 
securities issued by the Company are then listed or designated or, if no 
such similar securities are then listed or designated, in a manner 
satisfactory to the holders of a majority-in-interest of the Registrable 
Securities included in such registration.
 

  	8 	 

 

 
3.1.12.   Road Show. If the registration involves the registration of 
Registrable Securities involving gross proceeds in excess of $25,000,000, 
the Company shall use its reasonable efforts to make available senior 
executives of the Company to participate in customary “road show” 
presentations that may be reasonably requested by the Underwriter in any 
underwritten offering.
 
3.2.  Obligation to Suspend Distribution. Upon receipt of any notice from 
the Company of the happening of any event of the kind described in Section 
3.1.4(iv), or, in the case of a resale registration on Form S-3 pursuant to 
Section 2.3 hereof, upon any suspension by the Company, pursuant to a 
written insider trading compliance program adopted by the Company’s Board 
of Directors, of the ability of all “insiders” covered by such program to 
transact in the Company’s securities because of the existence of material 
non-public information, each holder of Registrable Securities included in 
any registration shall immediately discontinue disposition of such 
Registrable Securities pursuant to the Registration Statement covering such 
Registrable Securities until such holder receives the supplemented or 
amended prospectus contemplated by Section 3.1.4(iv) or the restriction on 
the ability of “insiders” to transact in the Company’s securities is 
removed, as applicable, and, if so directed by the Company, each such 
holder will deliver to the Company all copies, other than permanent file 
copies then in such holder’s possession, of the most recent prospectus 
covering such Registrable Securities at the time of receipt of such notice.
 
3.3.  Registration Expenses. The Company shall bear all costs and expenses 
incurred in connection with any Demand Registration pursuant to Section 
2.1, any Piggy-Back Registration pursuant to Section 2.2, and any 
registration on Form S-3 effected pursuant to Section 2.3, and all expenses 
incurred in performing or complying with its other obligations under this 
Agreement, whether or not the Registration Statement becomes effective, 
including, without limitation: (i) all registration and filing fees; (ii) 
fees and expenses of compliance with securities or “blue sky” laws 
(including fees and disbursements of counsel in connection with blue sky 
qualifications of the Registrable Securities); (iii) printing expenses; 
(iv) the Company’s internal expenses (including, without limitation, all 
salaries and expenses of its officers and employees); (v) the fees and 
expenses incurred in connection with the listing of the Registrable 
Securities as required by Section 3.1.11; (vi) Financial Industry 
Regulatory Authority fees; (vii) fees and disbursements of counsel for the 
Company and fees and expenses for independent certified public accountants 
retained by the Company (including the expenses or costs associated with 
the delivery of any opinions or comfort letters requested pursuant to 
Section 3.1.9); (viii) the fees and expenses of any special experts 
retained by the Company in connection with such registration and (ix) the 
fees and expenses of one legal counsel selected by the holders of a 
majority-in-interest of the Registrable Securities included in such 
registration. The Company shall have no obligation to pay any underwriting 
discounts or selling commissions attributable to the Registrable Securities 
being sold by the holders thereof, which underwriting discounts or selling 
commissions shall be borne by such holders. Additionally, in an 
underwritten offering, all selling security holders and the Company shall 
bear the expenses of the Underwriter pro rata in proportion to the 
respective amount of shares each is selling in such offering.
 
3.4.  Information. The holders of Registrable Securities included in any 
Registration Statement shall provide such information as may reasonably be 
requested by the Company, or the managing Underwriter, if any, in 
connection with the preparation of such Registration Statement, including 
amendments and supplements thereto, in order to effect the registration of 
any Registrable Securities under the Securities Act pursuant to Section 2 
and in connection with the Company’s obligation to comply with Federal and 
applicable state securities laws.
 
4.  INDEMNIFICATION AND CONTRIBUTION.
 
4.1.  Indemnification by the Company. The Company agrees to indemnify and 
hold harmless each Investor and each other holder of Registrable 
Securities, and each of their respective officers, employees, affiliates, 
directors, partners, members, attorneys and agents, and each person, if 
any, who controls an Investor and each other holder of Registrable 
Securities (within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act or 
Section 20 of the Exchange Act) (each, an “Investor Indemnified Party”), 
from and against any expenses, losses, judgments, claims, damages or 
liabilities, whether joint or several, arising out of or based upon any 
untrue statement (or allegedly untrue statement) of a material fact 
contained in any Registration Statement under which the sale of such 
Registrable Securities was registered under the Securities Act, any 
preliminary prospectus, final prospectus or summary prospectus contained in 
the Registration Statement, or any amendment or supplement to such 
Registration Statement, or arising out of or based upon any omission (or 
alleged omission) to state a material fact required to be stated therein or 
necessary to make the statements therein not misleading, or any violation 
by the Company of the Securities Act or any rule or regulation promulgated 
thereunder applicable to the Company and relating to action or inaction 
required of the Company in connection with any such registration; and the 
Company shall promptly reimburse the Investor Indemnified Party for any 
legal and any other expenses reasonably incurred by such Investor 
Indemnified Party in connection with investigating and defending any such 
expense, loss, judgment, claim, damage, liability or action; provided, 
however, that the Company will not be liable in any such case to the extent 
that any such expense, loss, claim, damage or liability arises out of or is 
based upon any untrue statement or allegedly untrue statement or omission 
or alleged omission made in such Registration Statement, preliminary 
prospectus, final prospectus, or summary prospectus, or any such amendment 
or supplement, in reliance upon and in conformity with information 
furnished to the Company, in writing, by such selling holder expressly for 
use therein. The Company also shall indemnify any Underwriter of the 
Registrable Securities, their officers, affiliates, directors, partners, 
members and agents and each person who controls such Underwriter on 
substantially the same basis as that of the indemnification provided above 
in this Section 4.1.
 

  	9 	 

 

 
4.2.  Indemnification by Holders of Registrable Securities. Each selling 
holder of Registrable Securities will, in the event that any registration 
is being effected under the Securities Act pursuant to this Agreement of 
any Registrable Securities held by such selling holder, indemnify and hold 
harmless the Company, each of its directors and officers and each 
Underwriter (if any), and each other selling holder and each other person, 
if any, who controls another selling holder or such Underwriter within the 
meaning of the Securities Act, against any losses, claims, judgments, 
damages or liabilities, whether joint or several, insofar as such losses, 
claims, judgments, damages or liabilities (or actions in respect thereof) 
arise out of or are based upon any untrue statement or allegedly untrue 
statement of a material fact contained in any Registration Statement under 
which the sale of such Registrable Securities was registered under the 
Securities Act, any preliminary prospectus, final prospectus or summary 
prospectus contained in the Registration Statement, or any amendment or 
supplement to the Registration Statement, or arise out of or are based upon 
any omission or the alleged omission to state a material fact required to 
be stated therein or necessary to make the statement therein not 
misleading, if the statement or omission was made in reliance upon and in 
conformity with information furnished in writing to the Company by such 
selling holder expressly for use therein (provided, however, that the 
indemnity agreement contained in this Section 4.2 shall not apply to 
amounts paid in settlement of any such claim, loss, damage, liability or 
action if such settlement is effected without the consent of the 
indemnifying selling holder, such consent not to be unreasonably withheld, 
delayed or conditioned), and shall reimburse the Company, its directors and 
officers, each Underwriter (if any) and each other selling holder or 
controlling person for any legal or other expenses reasonably incurred by 
any of them in connection with investigation or defending any such loss, 
claim, damage, liability or action. Each selling holder’s indemnification 
obligations hereunder shall be several and not joint and shall be limited 
to the amount of any net proceeds actually received by such selling holder.
 
4.3.  Conduct of Indemnification Proceedings. Promptly after receipt by any 
person of any notice of any loss, claim, damage or liability or any action 
in respect of which indemnity may be sought pursuant to Section 4.1 or 4.2, 
such person (the “Indemnified Party”) shall, if a claim in respect thereof 
is to be made against any other person for indemnification hereunder, 
notify such other person (the “Indemnifying Party”) in writing of the loss, 
claim, judgment, damage, liability or action; provided, however, that the 
failure by the Indemnified Party to notify the Indemnifying Party shall not 
relieve the Indemnifying Party from any liability which the Indemnifying 
Party may have to such Indemnified Party hereunder, except and solely to 
the extent the Indemnifying Party is actually prejudiced by such failure. 
If the Indemnified Party is seeking indemnification with respect to any 
claim or action brought against the Indemnified Party, then the 
Indemnifying Party shall be entitled to participate in such claim or 
action, and, to the extent that it wishes, jointly with all other 
Indemnifying Parties, to assume control of the defense thereof with counsel 
satisfactory to the Indemnified Party. After notice from the Indemnifying 
Party to the Indemnified Party of its election to assume control of the 
defense of such claim or action, the Indemnifying Party shall not be liable 
to the Indemnified Party for any legal or other expenses subsequently 
incurred by the Indemnified Party in connection with the defense thereof 
other than reasonable costs of investigation; provided, however, that in 
any action in which both the Indemnified Party and the Indemnifying Party 
are named as defendants, the Indemnified Party shall have the right to 
employ separate counsel (but no more than one such separate counsel) to 
represent the Indemnified Party and its controlling persons who may be 
subject to liability arising out of any claim in respect of which indemnity 
may be sought by the Indemnified Party against the Indemnifying Party, with 
the fees and expenses of such counsel to be paid by such Indemnifying Party 
if, based upon the written opinion of counsel of such Indemnified Party, 
representation of both parties by the same counsel would be inappropriate 
due to actual or potential differing interests between them. No 
Indemnifying Party shall, without the prior written consent of the 
Indemnified Party, consent to entry of judgment or effect any settlement of 
any claim or pending or threatened proceeding in respect of which the 
Indemnified Party is or could have been a party and indemnity could have 
been sought hereunder by such Indemnified Party, unless such judgment or 
settlement includes an unconditional release of such Indemnified Party from 
all liability arising out of such claim or proceeding.
 

  	10 	 

 

 
4.4.  Contribution.
 
4.4.1.  If the indemnification provided for in the foregoing Sections 4.1, 
4.2 and 4.3 is unavailable to any Indemnified Party in respect of any loss, 
claim, damage, liability or action referred to herein, then each such 
Indemnifying Party, in lieu of indemnifying such Indemnified Party, shall 
contribute to the amount paid or payable by such Indemnified Party as a 
result of such loss, claim, damage, liability or action in such proportion 
as is appropriate to reflect the relative fault of the Indemnified Parties 
and the Indemnifying Parties in connection with the actions or omissions 
which resulted in such loss, claim, damage, liability or action, as well as 
any other relevant equitable considerations. The relative fault of any 
Indemnified Party and any Indemnifying Party shall be determined by 
reference to, among other things, whether the untrue or alleged untrue 
statement of a material fact or the omission or alleged omission to state a 
material fact relates to information supplied by such Indemnified Party or 
such Indemnifying Party and the parties’ relative intent, knowledge, access 
to information and opportunity to correct or prevent such statement or 
omission.
 
4.4.2.  The parties hereto agree that it would not be just and equitable if 
contribution pursuant to this Section 4.4 were determined by pro rata 
allocation or by any other method of allocation which does not take account 
of the equitable considerations referred to in the immediately preceding 
Section 4.4.1.
 
4.4.3.  The amount paid or payable by an Indemnified Party as a result of 
any loss, claim, damage, liability or action referred to in the immediately 
preceding paragraph shall be deemed to include, subject to the limitations 
set forth above, any legal or other expenses incurred by such Indemnified 
Party in connection with investigating or defending any such action or 
claim. Notwithstanding the provisions of this Section 4.4, no holder of 
Registrable Securities shall be required to contribute any amount in excess 
of the dollar amount of the net proceeds (after payment of any underwriting 
fees, discounts, commissions or taxes) actually received by such holder 
from the sale of Registrable Securities which gave rise to such 
contribution obligation. No person guilty of fraudulent misrepresentation 
(within the meaning of Section 11(f) of the Securities Act) shall be 
entitled to contribution from any person who was not guilty of such 
fraudulent misrepresentation.
 
5.  UNDERWRITING AND DISTRIBUTION.
 
5.1.  Rule 144. The Company covenants that it shall file any reports 
required to be filed by it under the Securities Act and the Exchange Act 
and shall take such further action as the holders of Registrable Securities 
may reasonably request, all to the extent required from time to time to 
enable such holders to sell Registrable Securities without registration 
under the Securities Act within the limitation of the exemptions provided 
by Rule 144 under the Securities Act, as such Rules may be amended from 
time to time, or any similar rule or regulation hereafter adopted by the 
Commission.
 
6.  MISCELLANEOUS.
 
6.1.  Other Registration Rights. The Company represents and warrants that 
as of the date of this Agreement, no person other than the holders of the 
Registrable Securities under this Agreement and the holders of Founder 
Securities under the Founder Registration Rights Agreement has any right to 
require the Company to register any of the Company’s share capital for sale 
or to include the Company’s share capital in any registration filed by the 
Company for the sale of share capital for its own account or for the 
account of any other person.
 
6.2.  Assignment; No Third Party Beneficiaries. This Agreement and the 
rights, duties and obligations of the Company hereunder may not be assigned 
or delegated by the Company in whole or in part. This Agreement and the 
rights, duties and obligations of the holders of Registrable Securities 
hereunder may be freely assigned or delegated by such holder of Registrable 
Securities in conjunction with and to the extent of any transfer of 
Registrable Securities by any such holder. This Agreement and the 
provisions hereof shall be binding upon and shall inure to the benefit of 
each of the parties, to the permitted assigns of the Investors or holder of 
Registrable Securities or of any assignee of the Investors or holder of 
Registrable Securities. This Agreement is not intended to confer any rights 
or benefits on any persons that are not party hereto other than as 
expressly set forth in Article 4 and this Section 6.2. If the Purchaser 
Representative is replaced in accordance with the terms of the Merger 
Agreement, the replacement Purchaser Representative shall automatically 
become a party to this Agreement as if it were the original Purchaser 
Representative hereunder
 

  	11 	 

 

 
6.3.  Notices. All notices, demands, requests, consents, approvals or other 
communications (collectively, “Notices”) required or permitted to be given 
hereunder or which are given with respect to this Agreement shall be in 
writing and shall be personally served, delivered by reputable air courier 
service with charges prepaid, or transmitted by hand delivery, telegram, 
telex or facsimile, addressed as set forth below, or to such other address 
as such party shall have specified most recently by written notice. Notice 
shall be deemed given on the date of service or transmission if personally 
served or transmitted by telegram, telex or facsimile; provided, that if 
such service or transmission is not on a business day or is after normal 
business hours, then such notice shall be deemed given on the next business 
day. Notice otherwise sent as provided herein shall be deemed given on the 
next business day following timely delivery of such notice to a reputable 
air courier service with an order for next-day delivery.
 
 
If to the Company, to:
 
Borqs Technologies, Inc.
Tower A, Building B23
Universal Business Park
No. 10 Jiuxiangqiao Road
Chaoyang District, Beijing 100015, China
Attn: Pat Chan, CEO
Facsimile No.: 86-10-5975-6363
Telephone No: 86-10-5975-6336
Email: pat.chan@borqs.com
 
With copies to (which shall not constitute notice):
 
the Purchaser Representative (and its copy for notices hereunder)
 
and
 
Fenwick & West LLP
801 California Street
Mountain View, CA 94041
Attention: Eva Wang
Facsimile No.: (650) 938-5200
Telephone No.: (650) 335-7878
Email: ewang@fenwick.com
 
 
If to the Purchaser Representative, to:
 
Zhengqi International Holding Limited
855 Pudong South Road
The World Plaza, 27th Floor
Pudong, Shanghai 200120, China
Attn: Yaqi (Sophie) Feng, COO
Facsimile No.: 86-21-80129878
Telephone No: 86-21-80129882
Email: fengyq@tpyzq.com
 
 
With a copy to (which shall not constitute notice):
 
Ellenoff Grossman & Schole LLP
1345 Avenue of the Americas, 11th Floor
New York, New York 10105
Attention: Stuart Neuhauser
Facsimile No.: (212) 370-7889
Telephone No.: (212) 370-1300
Email: sneuhauser@egsllp.com
 
If to an Investor, to:  the address set forth next to such Investor’s name 
on Exhibit A hereto.
 
 
6.4.  Severability. This Agreement shall be deemed severable, and the 
invalidity or unenforceability of any term or provision hereof shall not 
affect the validity or enforceability of this Agreement or of any other 
term or provision hereof. Furthermore, in lieu of any such invalid or 
unenforceable term or provision, the parties hereto intend that there shall 
be added as a part of this Agreement a provision as similar in terms to 
such invalid or unenforceable provision as may be possible that is valid 
and enforceable. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this 
Agreement, in the event that an Investor identified on Exhibit A hereto or 
any other person receiving Company Consideration Securities in connection 
with the Closing does not sign and provide to the Company a duly executed 
copy of this Agreement and the applicable Lock-Up Agreement, such Investor 
or other person failing to provide such signature shall not be a party to 
this Agreement or have any rights or obligations hereunder, but such 
failure shall not affect the rights and obligations of the other parties to 
this Agreement as amongst such other parties.
 

  	12 	 

 

 
6.5.  Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in multiple counterparts 
(including by facsimile or pdf or other electronic document transmission), 
each of which shall be deemed an original, and all of which taken together 
shall constitute one and the same instrument.
 
6.6.  Entire Agreement. This Agreement (together with Merger Agreement and 
the Lock-Up Agreements to the extent incorporated herein, and including all 
agreements entered into pursuant hereto and all certificates and 
instruments delivered pursuant hereto and thereto) constitute the entire 
agreement of the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and 
supersede all prior and contemporaneous agreements, representations, 
understandings, negotiations and discussions between the parties, whether 
oral or written, relating to the subject matter hereof. For the avoidance 
of doubt, the foregoing shall not affect the rights and obligations of the 
parties under the Merger Agreement or any other Ancillary Document (as 
defined in the Merger Agreement), including the Lock-Up Agreements.
 
6.7.  Interpretation. Titles and headings of sections of this Agreement are 
for convenience only and shall not affect the construction of any provision 
of this Agreement. In this Agreement, unless the context otherwise 
requires: (i) any pronoun used in this Agreement shall include the 
corresponding masculine, feminine or neuter forms, and the singular form of 
nouns, pronouns and verbs shall include the plural and vice versa; (ii) 
“including” (and with correlative meaning “include”) means including 
without limiting the generality of any description preceding or succeeding 
such term and shall be deemed in each case to be followed by the words 
“without limitation”; (iii) the words “herein,” “hereto,” and “hereby” and 
other words of similar import in this Agreement shall be deemed in each 
case to refer to this Agreement as a whole and not to any particular 
section or other subdivision of this Agreement; and (iv) the term “or” 
means “and/or”. For purposes of this Agreement, the term (x) “person” means 
an individual, corporation, partnership (including a general partnership, 
limited partnership or limited liability partnership), limited liability 
company, association, trust or other entity or organization, including a 
government, domestic or foreign, or political subdivision thereof, or an 
agency or instrumentality thereof and (y) “business day” means a day other 
than a Saturday, Sunday or a legal holiday on which commercial banking 
institutions in New York, New York are authorized to close for business. 
The parties have participated jointly in the negotiation and drafting of 
this Agreement. Consequently, in the event an ambiguity or question of 
intent or interpretation arises, this Agreement shall be construed as if 
drafted jointly by the parties hereto, and no presumption or burden of 
proof shall arise favoring or disfavoring any party by virtue of the 
authorship of any provision of this Agreement.
 
6.8.  Amendments; Waivers. Any term of this Agreement may be amended and 
the observance of any term of this Agreement may be waived (either 
generally or in a particular instance, and either retroactively or 
prospectively) only with the written agreement or consent of the Company, 
the Purchaser Representative and Investors holding a majority-in-interest 
of the Registrable Securities; provided, that any amendment of this 
Agreement which imposes additional liability on an Investor will also 
require the consent of such Investor. No failure or delay by a party in 
exercising any right hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof. No 
waivers of or exceptions to any term, condition, or provision of this 
Agreement, in any one or more instances, shall be deemed to be or construed 
as a further or continuing waiver of any such term, condition, or provision
 
6.9.  Remedies Cumulative. In the event that the Company fails to observe 
or perform any covenant or agreement to be observed or performed under this 
Agreement, the Investor or any other holder of Registrable Securities may 
proceed to protect and enforce its rights by suit in equity or action at 
law, whether for specific performance of any term contained in this 
Agreement or for an injunction against the breach of any such term or in 
aid of the exercise of any power granted in this Agreement or to enforce 
any other legal or equitable right, or to take any one or more of such 
actions, without being required to post a bond. None of the rights, powers 
or remedies conferred under this Agreement shall be mutually exclusive, and 
each such right, power or remedy shall be cumulative and in addition to any 
other right, power or remedy, whether conferred by this Agreement or now or 
hereafter available at law, in equity, by statute or otherwise.
 

  	13 	 

 

 
6.10.    Governing Law; Jurisdiction. In connection with Section 5-1401 of 
the General Obligations Law of the State of New York, this Agreement shall 
be governed by, and construed and enforced in accordance with, the laws of 
the State of New York without regard to principles of conflicts of law that 
would result in the application of the substantive law of another 
jurisdiction. Subject to Section 6.11, any action, proceeding or claim 
arising out of or relating to this Agreement (a “Proceeding”) shall be 
heard and determined exclusively in any state or federal court located in 
New York, New York (or in any court in which appeal from such courts may be 
taken) (the “Specified Courts”). Subject to Section 6.11, each party hereto 
hereby (i) submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of any Specified Court for 
the purpose of any Proceeding brought by any party hereto and (ii) 
irrevocably waives, and agrees not to assert by way of motion, defense or 
otherwise, in any such Proceeding, any claim that it is not subject 
personally to the jurisdiction of the above-named courts, that its property 
is exempt or immune from attachment or execution, that the Proceeding is 
brought in an inconvenient forum, that the venue of the Proceeding is 
improper, or that this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby 
may not be enforced in or by any Specified Court. Each party agrees that a 
final judgment in any Proceeding shall be conclusive and may be enforced in 
other jurisdictions by suit on the judgment or in any other manner provided 
by applicable law. Each party irrevocably consents to the service of the 
summons and complaint and any other process in any other action or 
proceeding relating to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, on 
behalf of itself, or its property, by personal delivery of copies of such 
process to such party at the applicable address set forth in Section 6.3. 
Nothing in this Section 6.10 shall affect the right of any party to serve 
legal process in any other manner permitted by applicable law.
 
6.11.    Arbitration. The parties hereto agree that any Proceeding (other 
than applications for temporary restraining order, preliminary injunction, 
permanent injunction or other equitable relief or application for 
enforcement of aa resolution under this Section 6.11) shall be resolved 
through final and binding arbitration in accordance with the International 
Arbitration Rules of the American Arbitration Association (“AAA”). The 
arbitration shall be brought before the AAA International Center for 
Dispute Resolution’s offices in New York City, New York, will be conducted 
in English and will be decided by a panel of three arbitrators selected 
from the AAA Commercial Disputes Panel and that the arbitrator panel’s 
decision shall be final and enforceable by any court having jurisdiction 
over the party from whom enforcement is sought. The cost of such 
arbitrators and arbitration services, together with the prevailing party’s 
legal fees and expenses, shall be borne by the non-prevailing party or as 
otherwise directed by the arbitrators. The Company hereby appoints, without 
power of revocation, Ellenoff Grossman & Schole LLP, 1345 Avenue of the 
Americas, New York, NY 10105, Fax No.: (212) 370-7889, Attn: Stuart 
Neuhauser, Esq., as their respective agent to accept and acknowledge on its 
behalf service of any and all process which may be served in any 
arbitration, action, proceeding or counterclaim in any way relating to or 
arising out of this Agreement. The Company further agrees to take any and 
all action as may be necessary to maintain such designation and appointment 
of such agent in full force and effect for a period of seven years from the 
date of this Agreement.
 
6.12.    Waiver of Trial by Jury. Each party hereby irrevocably and 
unconditionally waives the right to a trial by jury in any action, suit, 
counterclaim or other proceeding (whether based on contract, tort or 
otherwise) arising out of, connected with or relating to this Agreement, 
the transactions contemplated hereby, or the actions of the Investor in the 
negotiation, administration, performance or enforcement hereof.
 
6.13.    Termination of Merger Agreement. This Agreement shall be binding 
upon each party upon such party’s execution and delivery of this Agreement, 
but this Agreement shall only become effective upon the Closing. In the 
event that the Merger Agreement is validly terminated in accordance with 
its terms prior to the Closing, this Agreement shall automatically 
terminate and become null and void and be of no further force or effect, 
and the parties shall have no obligations hereunder.
 
[REMAINDER OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK; SIGNATURE PAGES FOLLOW]
 

  	14 	 

 

 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have caused this Registration Rights 
Agreement to be executed and delivered as of the date first written above.
 
  	THE COMPANY:
  	  	 
  	PACIFIC SPECIAL ACQUISITION CORP.
  	  	 
  	By : 	     
  	  	Name :
  	  	Tittle :
  	  	 
  	THE PURCHASER REPRESENTATIVE:
  	  	 
  	ZHENGQI INTERNTIONAL HOLDING LIMITED, in its capacity under the Merger 
Agreement as the Purchaser Representative
  	  	 
  	By : 	                         
  	  	Name :
  	  	Tittle :
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
{Signature Page to Registration Rights Agreement}
 

 

 

 
  	INVESTORS:
  	  	 
  	[●]
  	  	 
  	By: 	      
  	  	Name :
  	  	Tittle :
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
{Signature Page to Registration Rights Agreement}
 

 

 

 
EXHIBIT A
 
INVESTORS
 
Name of Investor 	Address of Investor
  	 
  	 
  	 
  	 
  	 
  	 
  	 
  	 
  	 
  	 
  	 
  	 
  	 
  	 
  	 
  	 
  	 
  	 
  	 
  	 
 
 
 
 