 EX-10.1 6 ex10-1.htm
 
Stem holdings, INC.
 
AND
 
patch international inc.
 
 
 
ARRANGEMENT AGREEMENT
 
 
 
November 11, 2016
 
  	 	 

  	- 2 - 	 
 
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
Article 1 INTERPRETATION 	4
  	 
1.1 	Definitions 	4
1.2 	Interpretation Not Affected by Headings, etc. 	16
1.3 	Number, etc. 	16
1.4 	Capitalized Terms 	16
1.5 	Date for Any Action 	16
1.6 	Entire Agreement 	16
1.7 	Currency 	16
1.8 	Certain Phrases and References, etc. 	16
1.9 	Accounting Matters 	16
1.10 	Disclosure in Writing 	17
1.11 	References to Legislation 	17
1.12 	Enforceability 	17
1.13 	Knowledge 	17
1.14 	Interpretation Not Affected by Party Drafting 	17
1.15 	Schedules 	17
  	  	 
Article 2 THE ARRANGEMENT AND MEETING 	18
  	 
2.1 	Plan of Arrangement 	18
2.2 	Interim Order, Final Order, etc. 	18
2.3 	Patch Meeting and Circular 	19
2.4 	Court Proceedings 	22
2.5 	Patch Board Recommendation 	22
2.6 	Regulatory Matters 	22
2.7 	Treatment of Patch Exchangeable Shares, the Patch Class “A” Preferred 
Share and the Patch Class “B” Preferred Share 	23
2.8 	Officers and Employees 	23
2.9 	Public Communications 	23
2.10 	Indemnities and Directors’ and Officers’ Insurance 	23
2.11 	Tax Withholdings 	24
2.12 	Articles of Arrangement 	24
2.13 	Closing 	24
2.14 	Effective Date 	24
2.15 	U.S. Securities Laws 	25
2.16 	List of Securityholders 	25
2.17 	Patch Energy Disposition 	25
2.18 	Patch Note 	25
 
  	 	 

  	- 3 - 	 
 
Article 3 COVENANTS 	26
  	 
3.1 	Covenants of the Purchaser 	26
3.2 	Covenants of Patch 	26
3.3 	Mutual Covenants Regarding the Arrangement 	32
3.4 	Patch’s Covenants Regarding Non-Solicitation 	33
3.5 	Access to Information 	37
3.6 	Resignations 	37
  	  	 
Article 4 REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 	38
  	 
4.1 	Representations and Warranties of the Purchaser 	38
4.2 	Representations and Warranties of Patch 	38
  	  	 
Article 5 CONDITIONS PRECEDENT 	38
  	 
5.1 	Mutual Conditions Precedent 	38
5.2 	Additional Conditions to Obligations of the Purchaser 	39
5.3 	Additional Conditions to Obligations of Patch 	41
5.4 	Notice and Effect of Failure to Comply with Conditions 	42
5.5 	Satisfaction of Conditions 	43
  	  	 
Article 6 AMENDMENT 	43
  	 
6.1 	Amendment 	43
6.2 	Waiver 	43
  	  	 
Article 7 TERMINATION 	44
  	 
7.1 	Termination 	44
7.2 	Effect of Termination/Survival 	46
  	  	 
Article 8 NOTICES 	46
  	 
8.1 	Notices 	46
  	  	 
Article 9 GENERAL 	47
  	 
9.1 	Assignment and Enurement 	47
9.2 	Costs 	47
9.3 	Severability 	47
9.4 	Further Assurances 	48
9.5 	Time of Essence 	48
9.6 	Governing Law 	48
9.7 	Third Party Beneficiaries 	48
9.8 	Injunctive Relief 	48
9.9 	Counterparts 	48
9.10 	Survival 	48
 
SCHEdULES
SCHEDULE A – PLAN OF ARRANGEMENT
SCHEDULE B – ARRANGEMENT RESOLUTION
SCHEDULE C – REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE PURCHASER
SCHEDULE D – REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF PATCH
 
  	 	 

  	- 4 - 	 
 
ARRANGEMENT AGREEMENT
 
THIS ARRANGEMENT AGREEMENT is dated as of the 11th day of November, 2016
 
BETWEEN:
 
        STEM HOLDINGS, INC., a corporation existing under the laws of the
        State of Nevada (the “Purchaser”)
 
        - and -
 
        PATCH INTERNATIONAL INC., a corporation existing under the laws of
        the Province of Alberta (“Patch”)
 
WHEREAS the Parties wish to propose an arrangement involving Patch and the 
Patch Common Shareholders whereby the Purchaser will acquire all of the 
issued and outstanding Patch Common Shares;
 
AND WHEREAS the Parties intend to carry out the transactions contemplated 
by this Agreement by way of an arrangement under the provisions of the 
ABCA;
 
NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the covenants and agreements herein 
contained and other good and valuable consideration (the receipt and 
sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged), the Parties do hereby 
covenant and agree as follows:
 
Article 1
INTERPRETATION
 
1.1 Definitions
 
In this Agreement, including the recitals hereto, unless there is something 
in the context or subject matter inconsistent therewith, the following 
defined terms have the meanings hereinafter set forth:
 
  	(a) 	“42nd Street Lease” means the one or more leases to be entered into 
between the Purchaser and the owner of the 42nd Street Property.
  	  	 
  	(b) 	“42nd Street Property” means the warehouse facility located at 800 
N. 42nd Street in Springfield, Oregon as described in the Acquisition 
Agreement.
  	  	 
  	(c) 	“42nd Street Sublease” means the sublease to be entered into 
between the Purchaser and Opco relating to the 42nd Street Property.
  	  	 
  	(d) 	“ABCA” means the Business Corporations Act (Alberta).
  	  	 
  	(e) 	“Acquisition Agreement” means the amended and restated agreement 
dated October 24, 2016 among the Purchaser, Oregon LLC, Gated LLC, Kind LLC 
and Never LLC.
 
  	 	 

  	- 5 - 	 
 
  	(f) 	“Acquisition Proposal” means other than the transactions 
contemplated by this Agreement, any offer, proposal or inquiry (written or 
oral) from any person or group of persons “acting jointly or in concert” 
(within the meaning of MI 62-104) other than the Purchaser relating to: (i) 
any direct or indirect sale or disposition (or any lease or other 
arrangement having the same economic effect as a sale), in a single 
transaction or a series of related transactions, of assets representing 20% 
or more of the consolidated assets of Patch and its subsidiaries; (ii) any 
direct or indirect take-over bid, tender offer, exchange offer, treasury 
issuance or other transaction that, if consummated, would result in a 
person or group of persons “acting jointly or in concert” (within the 
meaning of MI 62-104) beneficially owning 20% or more of any class of 
voting or equity securities (including securities convertible into or 
exercisable or exchangeable for such securities) of Patch; (iii) any plan 
of arrangement, merger, amalgamation, consolidation, share exchange, 
business combination, reorganization, recapitalization, liquidation, 
dissolution or winding up involving Patch or any of its material 
subsidiaries; or (iv) any other similar transaction or series of 
transactions involving Patch or any of its subsidiaries, the consummation 
of which would reasonably be expected to impede, interfere with, prevent or 
materially delay the Arrangement.
  	  	 
  	(g) 	“Additional Consideration” means for each Patch Common Share held: 
(i) if any Patch Note Collection Proceeds are received on or before 10:00 
a.m. (MT) on the third last Business Day prior to the Effective Date, the 
aggregate of each Patch Note Collection Payment Per Share; and (ii) if the 
Patch Note Collection has not been completed in full satisfaction of all 
amounts owing under the Patch Note on or before 10:00 a.m. (MT) on the 
third last Business Day prior to the Effective Date, one CVR.
  	  	 
  	(h) 	“Affiliate” has the meaning ascribed thereto in the Securities Act.
  	  	 
  	(i) 	“Aggregate Additional Consideration” means the aggregate amount of 
Additional Consideration to be paid to Patch Shareholders at the Effective 
Time.
  	  	 
  	(j) 	“Aggregate Purchaser Share Consideration” means that number of 
Purchaser Shares as is equal to the quotient obtained when dividing the 
Patch Working Capital by the deemed price for each Purchaser Share, being 
US$2.40.
  	  	 
  	(k) 	“Agreement”, “herein”, “hereof”, “hereto”, “hereunder” and similar 
expressions mean and refer to this Arrangement Agreement (including the 
schedules hereto) as supplemented, modified or amended, and not to any 
particular article, section, schedule or other portion hereof.
  	  	 
  	(l) 	“Applicable Laws” means all laws (including common law), by-laws, 
statutes, rules, regulations, principles of law, orders, ordinances, 
protocols, codes, guidelines, policies, notices, directions and judgments 
or other requirements, and the terms and conditions of any grant, approval, 
permission, authority or license of any Governmental Authority, as are 
applicable to a Party or its business, undertaking, property or securities 
and emanate from a person having jurisdiction over the Party or its 
business, undertaking, property or securities. For greater clarity, “
Applicable Laws” includes Securities Laws.
 
  	 	 

  	- 6 - 	 
 
  	(m) 	“Arrangement” means an arrangement under Section 193 of the ABCA on 
the terms and subject to the conditions set out in the Plan of Arrangement, 
subject to any amendments or variations to the Plan of Arrangement made in 
accordance with the terms of this Agreement or made at the direction of the 
Court in the Final Order with the prior written consent of the Purchaser 
and Patch, each acting reasonably.
  	  	 
  	(n) 	“Arrangement Resolution” means the special resolution to approve 
the Arrangement to be considered by the Patch Shareholders at the Patch 
Meeting, substantially in the form of Schedule “B”.
  	  	 
  	(o) 	“Articles of Arrangement” means the articles of arrangement in 
respect of the Arrangement required under Section 193(10) of the ABCA to be 
filed with the Registrar after the Final Order has been granted giving 
effect to the Arrangement.
  	  	 
  	(p) 	“Authorization” means, with respect to any person, any order, 
permit, approval, consent, waiver, licence or similar authorization of any 
Governmental Authority having jurisdiction over the person, including in 
the case of the Purchaser, the Material Permits.
  	  	 
  	(q) 	“Business Day” means any day, other than Saturday, Sunday or a 
statutory holiday in the Province of Alberta.
  	  	 
  	(r) 	“Canadian Securities Laws” means the Securities Act and any other 
applicable provincial securities laws.
  	  	 
  	(s) 	“Certificate” means the certificate or proof of filing to be issued 
by the Registrar pursuant to Section 193(11) or (12) of the ABCA in respect 
of the Articles of Arrangement giving effect to the Arrangement.
  	  	 
  	  	 
  	(t) 	“Circular” means the notice of the Patch Meeting and the 
accompanying management proxy circular and proxy statement to be sent by 
Patch to the Patch Shareholders in connection with the Patch Meeting, 
together with all appendices, schedules and exhibits thereto and any 
financial statements contained therein, and any amendments or supplements 
thereto.
  	  	 
  	(u) 	“Consideration” means for each Patch Common Share held: (i) the 
Purchaser Share Consideration, and (ii) the Additional Consideration.
  	  	 
  	(v) 	“Court” means the Court of Queen’s Bench of Alberta.
  	  	 
  	(w) 	“CVR” means a contingent value right of the Purchaser issued 
pursuant to the Rights Indenture and entitling the holder thereof to each 
Patch Note Collection Payment Per Share upon receipt of Patch Note 
Collection Proceeds at any time and from time to time after the Effective 
Time.
  	  	 
  	(x) 	“Depositary” means Computershare Trust Company of Canada or such 
other person that may be appointed by the Purchaser for the purpose of 
receiving deposits of certificates formerly representing Patch Common 
Shares with the approval of Patch, acting reasonably.
 
  	 	 

  	- 7 - 	 
 
  	(y) 	“Dissent Rights” means the rights of dissent made available to 
Patch Shareholders in respect of the Arrangement described in the Plan of 
Arrangement and the Interim Order.
  	  	 
  	(z) 	“Effective Date” means the date the Arrangement becomes effective 
under the ABCA, being the date shown on the Certificate.
  	  	 
  	(aa) 	“Effective Time” means 12:01 a.m. (Calgary time) on the Effective 
Date.
  	  	 
  	(bb) 	“Encumbrance” means any mortgage, pledge, assignment for security, 
charge, lien, security interest, guarantee or other encumbrance or 
collateral securing the payment obligations of any person, and any 
agreement, right, privilege, or arrangement (whether by law, contract or 
otherwise) capable of becoming any of the foregoing.
  	  	 
  	(cc) 	“Executive Officers” has the meaning ascribed thereto in Section 
1.13.
  	  	 
  	(dd) 	“Final Order” means the final order of the Court in a form 
acceptable to the Purchaser and Patch, each acting reasonably, approving 
the Arrangement pursuant to Section 193(9)(a) of the ABCA, as such order 
may be amended by the Court (with the consent of both the Purchaser and 
Patch, each acting reasonably) at any time prior to the Effective Date or, 
if appealed, then, unless such appeal is withdrawn or denied, as affirmed 
or as amended (provided that any such amendment is acceptable to both the 
Purchaser and Patch, each acting reasonably) on appeal.
  	  	 
  	(ee) 	“GAAP” means the accounting principles generally accepted in 
Canada determined with reference to the Handbook and in accordance with 
International Financial Reporting Standards as issued by the International 
Accounting Standards Board under Part I of the Handbook, applicable as at 
the date on which date such calculation is made or required to be made in 
accordance with generally accepted accounting principles applied on a basis 
consistent with preceding years.
  	  	 
  	(ff) 	“Gated LLC” means Gated Oregon Holdings, LLC, a limited liability 
company formed under the laws of the State of Oregon.
  	  	 
  	(gg) 	“Governmental Authority” means: (i) any international, 
multinational, federal, provincial, state, regional, municipal, local or 
other government, governmental or public department, ministry, central 
bank, court, tribunal, arbitral body, commission, commissioner, board, 
bureau or agency, domestic or foreign; (ii) any subdivision, agency, agent 
or authority of any of the foregoing; (iii) any quasi-governmental or 
private body, including any tribunal, commission, regulatory agency or 
self-regulatory organization, exercising any regulatory, expropriation or 
taxing authority under or for the account of any of the foregoing; or (iv) 
any stock exchange.
  	  	 
  	(hh) 	“Handbook” means the Handbook of the Chartered Professional 
Accountants of Canada, as amended from time to time.
  	  	 
  	(ii) 	“Harlequin Lease” means the lease to be entered into between the 
Purchaser and Opco relating to the Harlequin Property.
 
  	 	 

  	- 8 - 	 
 
  	(jj) 	“Harlequin Property” means the retail store located at 1027 
Willamette Street, Eugene, Oregon as described in the Acquisition 
Agreement.
  	  	 
  	(kk) 	“Harlequin PSA” means the purchase and sale agreement between Stem 
and the vendor of the Harlequin Property dated November 1, 2016.
  	  	 
  	(ll) 	“insider” has the meaning set forth in the Securities Act.
  	  	 
  	(mm) 	“Interim Order” means the interim order of the Court pursuant to 
Section 193(4) of the ABCA in a form acceptable to the Purchaser and Patch, 
each acting reasonably, providing for, among other things, the calling and 
holding of the Patch Meeting, as such order may be amended by the Court 
with the consent of the Purchaser and Patch, each acting reasonably.
  	  	 
  	(nn) 	“Kind LLC” means Kind Care Holdings, LLC, a limited liability 
company formed under the laws of the State of Oregon.
  	  	 
  	(oo) 	“Litigation” means any action, suit, inquiry, notice of violation, 
proceeding or investigation pending or, to the knowledge of a Party, 
threatened against or affecting a Party or its properties before or by any 
court, arbitrator, governmental or administrative agency or regulatory 
authority (federal, state, county, local or foreign) which: (i) materially 
adversely affects or challenges the legality, validity or enforceability of 
this Agreement or (ii) would, if there were an unfavorable decision, 
individually or in the aggregate, have or reasonably be expected to result 
in a Material Adverse Effect.
  	  	 
  	(pp) 	“Matching Period” has the meaning ascribed thereto in Section 
3.4(e)(iv).
  	  	 
  	(qq) 	“Material Adverse Change” or “Material Adverse Effect” means, with 
respect to the Purchaser or Patch, as the case may be, any fact, state of 
facts, circumstance, change, occurrence or event that is, or would 
reasonably be expected to be, material and adverse to the business, 
operations, results of operations, assets, properties, liabilities (whether 
contingent or otherwise) capitalization, condition (financial or 
otherwise), or cash flows of the Party and its subsidiaries, taken as a 
whole, other than any fact, state of facts, circumstance, change, 
occurrence or event relating to or resulting from: (i) general economic, 
financial, currency exchange, securities, credit or commodity prices; (ii) 
the announcement of the execution of this Agreement or the transactions 
contemplated hereby; (iii) any change in global, national or regional 
political conditions, including outbreaks of war or acts of terrorism; (iv) 
any natural disaster; or (v) any changes or effects arising from matters 
permitted or contemplated by this Agreement or consented to or approved in 
writing by the other Party; provided that in the case of (i) and (iii); 
such effect relating to or resulting from the foregoing does not have a 
disproportionate Material Adverse Effect or Material Adverse Change on the 
business, operations, results of operations, assets, properties, 
capitalization, condition (financial or otherwise), liabilities (contingent 
or otherwise) or cash flows of the Purchaser as compared to the 
corresponding effect on persons engaged in the commercial real estate 
leasing industry generally, or of Patch and its subsidiaries, taken as a 
whole, as compared to the corresponding effect on persons engaged in 
similar industries, as the case may be; unless expressly provided in any 
particular section of this Agreement, references in certain Sections of 
this Agreement to dollar amounts are not intended to be, and shall not be 
deemed to be, illustrative for purposes of determining whether a “Material 
Adverse Change” or “Material Adverse Effect” has occurred.
 
  	 	 

  	- 9 - 	 
 
  	(rr) 	“material change”, “material fact” and “misrepresentation” have 
the meanings ascribed thereto under the Securities Act.
  	  	 
  	(ss) 	“Material Permits” means any permits and authorizations required 
for the operation of the Purchaser’s business as presently contemplated, 
including any permits and authorizations required by Opco for the operation 
of Opco’s business as presently contemplated.
  	  	 
  	(tt) 	“MI 62-104” means Multilateral Instrument 62-104 – Take-over Bids 
and Issuer Bids.
  	  	 
  	(uu) 	“Mutual Releases” has the meaning ascribed thereto in Section 3.6.
  	  	 
  	(vv) 	“Never LLC” means Never Again Real Estate, LLC, a limited 
liability company formed under the laws of the State of Oregon.
  	  	 
  	(ww) 	“Ordinary Course” means, with respect to an action taken by the 
Purchaser or Patch or its subsidiaries, that such action is consistent with 
the past practices of the Purchaser or Patch, as the case may be, and is 
taken in the ordinary course of the normal day-to-day operations of the 
business of the Purchaser or Patch, as the case may be.
  	  	 
  	(xx) 	“Oregon LLC” means Oregon Acquisitions JV, LLC, a limited 
liability company formed under the laws of the State of Oregon.
  	  	 
  	(yy) 	“Opco” means, collectively, the operating companies (and any 
Affiliates thereof) leasing the Harlequin Property and the 42nd Street 
Property (and any other properties acquired or controlled by the 
Purchaser), including Opco Holdings, Inc. and Oregon LLC.
  	  	 
  	(zz) 	“Outside Date” means January 31, 2017.
  	  	 
  	(aaa) 	“Parties” means the Purchaser and Patch; and “Party” means either 
one of them.
  	  	 
  	(bbb) 	“Patch” has the meaning ascribed thereto in the recitals hereof.
  	  	 
  	(ccc) 	“Patch Board” means the board of directors of Patch.
  	  	 
  	(ddd) 	“Patch Board Recommendation” has the meaning ascribed thereto in 
Section 2.5.
  	  	 
  	(eee) 	“Patch Class “A” Preferred Share” means the issued and 
outstanding Class “A” preferred voting share in the capital of Patch.
  	  	 
  	(fff) 	“Patch Class “A” Preferred Special Voting Right” means the 
special voting right in respect of Patch entitling the Trustee under the 
Patch Voting Trust Agreement to vote, consent to, or otherwise act at a 
meeting of Patch Common Shareholders and representing that number of voting 
rights (each such voting right equal to the voting rights attached to one 
Patch Common Share) equal to the number of outstanding Patch Exchangeable 
Shares issued in conjunction with the Patch Class “A” Preferred Share 
outstanding immediately prior to the record date set for such meeting or at 
such other time as may be determined by applicable law for determining 
Patch Common Shareholders entitled to so vote, consent or otherwise act at 
such a meeting or in respect of such a resolution.
 
  	 	 

  	- 10 - 	 
 
  	(ggg) 	“Patch Class “B” Preferred Share” means the issued and 
outstanding Class “B” preferred voting share in the capital of Patch.
  	  	 
  	(hhh) 	“Patch Class “B” Preferred Special Voting Right” means the 
special voting right in respect of Patch entitling the Trustee under the 
Patch Voting Trust Agreement to vote, consent to, or otherwise act at a 
meeting of Patch Common Shareholders and representing that number of voting 
rights (each such voting right equal to the voting rights attached to one 
Patch Common Share) equal to the number of outstanding Patch Exchangeable 
Shares issued in conjunction with the Patch Class “B” Preferred Share 
outstanding immediately prior to the record date set for such meeting or at 
such other time as may be determined by applicable law for determining 
Patch Common Shareholders entitled to so vote, consent or otherwise act at 
such a meeting or in respect of such a resolution.
  	  	 
  	(iii) 	“Patch Common Shareholders” means the holders of Patch Common 
Shares.
  	  	 
  	(jjj) 	“Patch Common Shares” means the Class “A” common shares in the 
capital of Patch issued and outstanding from time to time, and for greater 
certainty, where the context requires, includes those Class “A” common 
shares in the capital of Patch issuable upon the redemption of the Patch 
Exchangeable Shares as described herein.
  	  	 
  	(kkk) 	“Patch Energy” means Patch Energy Inc., a subsidiary of Patch.
  	  	 
  	(lll) 	“Patch Exchangeable Shareholders” means registered holders of the 
Patch Exchangeable Shares.
  	  	 
  	(mmm) 	“Patch Exchangeable Shares” means the Series A preferred shares 
of Patch Energy, which are exchangeable in accordance with their terms for 
no additional consideration into Patch Common Shares on a one-for-one 
basis.
  	  	 
  	(nnn) 	“Patch Financial Statements” means, collectively, the audited 
consolidated financial statements of Patch as at and for the year ended May 
31, 2016, together with the notes thereto and the auditor’s report thereon.
  	  	 
  	(ooo) 	“Patch Information” means the information describing Patch and 
its business, operations and affairs included in the Circular as required 
under Applicable Laws.
  	  	 
  	(ppp) 	“Patch Meeting” means the special meeting of Patch Shareholders 
to consider, among other things, the Arrangement Resolution and related 
matters, and any adjournments thereof.
 
  	 	 

  	- 11 - 	 
 
  	(qqq) 	“Patch Note” means the promissory note and loan agreement dated 
November 6, 2015 between Robix Environmental Technologies, Inc. as 
successor to Formation Fluid Management Inc., as borrower, and Patch, as 
lender.
  	  	 
  	(rrr) 	“Patch Note Collection” means any and all present or future 
claim, right of action, litigation, arbitration, mediation, collection 
effort or other dispute resolution proceedings or effort of any kind of 
Patch or any of its Affiliates, or their respective successors or assigns, 
relating to the collection of any and all amounts owing under the Patch 
Note in full and final payment thereof.
  	  	 
  	(sss) 	“Patch Note Collection Proceeds” means all present and future 
value, order, award, entitlement or remuneration of any kind and in any 
form, including any property, assets, cash or other form of payment in each 
case paid, payable, recovered, owing to, due to, awarded to, ordered or 
otherwise ordered to be received by Patch or any of its Affiliates, Stem or 
any of its Affiliates, or their respective successors or assigns pursuant 
to any settlement, award, order, entitlement, collection, judgment, sale, 
disposition, agreement or any other monetization of any kind of the Patch 
Note or relating to the Patch Note Collection.
  	  	 
  	(ttt) 	“Patch Note Collection Payment Per Share” means if Patch or any 
of its Affiliates, Stem or any of its Affiliates, or any of their 
respective successors or assigns, receives any Patch Note Collection 
Proceeds and such Patch Note Collection Proceeds consist in whole or in 
part of: (i) shares or other securities, then that number of shares or 
other securities equal to the quotient obtained when dividing such portion 
of the Patch Note Collection Proceeds by 43,952,213 (with fractions equal 
to or greater than 0.5 being rounded up and fractions less than 0.5 being 
rounded down); or (ii) cash or cash equivalents (to the extent such cash or 
cash equivalents are not accounted for in the calculation for the Patch 
Working Capital), then that number of Purchaser Shares as is equal to the 
quotient obtained when dividing (A) the result obtained when such portion 
of the Patch Note Collection Proceeds (if applicable, as converted to 
United States dollars using the Bank of Canada daily noon exchange rate for 
the applicable date) is divided by the deemed price for each Purchaser 
Share, being US$2.40, by (B) 43,952,213 (with fractions equal to or greater 
than 0.5 being rounded up and fractions less than 0.5 being rounded down).
  	  	 
  	(uuu) 	“Patch Original Voting Trust Agreements” means the exchange and 
voting trust agreements among Patch, Patch Energy, 1286664 Alberta Ltd. and 
the Patch Exchangeable Shareholders dated December 6, 2006 and January 16, 
2007, respectively.
  	  	 
  	(vvv) 	“Patch Public Record” means all information filed by or on behalf 
of Patch after January 1, 2016 with the Canadian Securities Authorities, in 
compliance, or intended compliance, with any Applicable Laws which is 
available for public viewing on the SEDAR website under Patch’s profile at 
www.sedar.com.
  	  	 
  	(www) 	“Patch Shareholders” means registered or beneficial holders of 
the Patch Shares, as the context requires.
 
  	 	 

  	- 12 - 	 
 
  	(xxx) 	“Patch Shares” means collectively, (i) the Patch Common Shares, 
(ii) the Patch Class “A” Preferred Share, and (iii) the Patch Class “B” 
Preferred Share.
  	  	 
  	(yyy) 	“Patch Support Agreements” means the agreements between the 
Purchaser and the Patch Supporting Securityholders, pursuant to which the 
Patch Supporting Securityholders have agreed to vote the Patch Voting 
Securities beneficially owned or controlled or subsequently acquired by the 
Patch Supporting Securityholders in favour of the Arrangement Resolution 
and to otherwise support the Arrangement.
  	  	 
  	(zzz) 	“Patch Supporting Securityholders” means all of the officers and 
directors of Patch and all of those other holders of Patch Voting 
Securities who have signed or who have agreed to sign Patch Support 
Agreements after the date hereof.
  	  	 
  	(aaaa) 	“Patch Transaction Costs” means all costs and expenses incurred 
by Patch and its subsidiaries in connection with the transactions 
contemplated by this Agreement, including all legal, accounting, advisory 
fees, printing and other administrative and professional fees, costs and 
expenses of third parties, and all amounts payable by Patch in respect of 
the transactions contemplated by the Arrangement.
  	  	 
  	(bbbb) 	“Patch Working Capital” means the amount equal to Patch’s 
current assets minus its current liabilities as at the third last Business 
Day prior to the Effective Date, determined in accordance with GAAP, 
provided that current liabilities shall include only fifty percent (50%) of 
the Patch Transaction Costs to a maximum of $100,000, such amount expressed 
in United States dollars using the Bank of Canada daily noon exchange rate 
for the applicable date.
  	  	 
  	(cccc) 	“Patch Working Capital Certificate” means a certificate of Patch 
addressed to the Purchaser and dated the Effective Date, signed on behalf 
of Patch by an officer of Patch (on Patch’s behalf and without personal 
liability), confirming the Patch Working Capital.
  	  	 
  	(dddd) 	“Patch Voting Securities” means, collectively, the Patch Common 
Shares and the Patch Exchangeable Shares;
  	  	 
  	(eeee) 	“Patch Voting Trust Agreement” means the agreement of 
appointment and acceptance dated June 2, 2016 among Patch, Patch Energy and 
the Trustee, pursuant to which the Trustee was appointed as successor 
trustee under the Patch Original Voting Trust Agreements.
  	  	 
  	(ffff) 	“person” includes an individual, limited or general partnership, 
limited liability company, limited liability partnership, trust, joint 
venture, association, body corporate, unincorporated organization, trustee, 
executor, administrator, legal representative, government (including any 
Governmental Authority) or any other entity, whether or not having legal 
status.
  	  	 
  	(gggg) 	“Plan of Arrangement” means the plan of arrangement 
substantially in the form set out in Schedule “A” to this Agreement as 
amended or supplemented from time to time in accordance with the terms 
hereof.
 
  	 	 

  	- 13 - 	 
 
  	(hhhh) 	“Private Placement” means the private placement offering by the 
Purchaser of up to 1,250,000 Purchaser Shares at a price of US$2.40 per 
Purchaser Share.
  	  	 
  	(iiii) 	“Purchaser” has the meaning ascribed thereto in the recitals 
hereof.
  	  	 
  	(jjjj) 	“Purchaser Board” means the board of directors of the Purchaser.
  	  	 
  	(kkkk) 	“Purchaser Financial Statements” means the audited financial 
statements of the Purchaser, comprised of the statement of financial 
position as at September 30, 2016 and October 12, 2016 and the statements 
of comprehensive income, changes in shareholders’ equity and cash flows for 
the periods from incorporation to September 30, 2016 and October 1, 2016 to 
October 12, 2016, together with the notes thereto and the auditor’s report 
thereon.
  	  	 
  	(llll) 	“Purchaser Information” means the information describing the 
Purchaser and its business, operations and affairs specifically to be 
provided by the Purchaser to Patch for inclusion or incorporation by 
reference in the Circular as required under Applicable Laws and the Interim 
Order.
  	  	 
  	(mmmm) 	“Purchaser Share Consideration” means Purchaser Shares valued at 
approximately $0.083, being that number of Purchaser Shares (expressed to 
five decimal places) as is equal to the quotient obtained when dividing the 
Aggregate Purchaser Share Consideration by 43,952,213.
  	  	 
  	(nnnn) 	“Purchaser Shares” means the shares of common stock in the share 
capital of the Purchaser.
  	  	 
  	(oooo) 	“Real Property Agreements” means the 42nd Street Lease, 42nd 
Street Sublease, Harlequin PSA and Harlequin Lease.
  	  	 
  	(pppp) 	“Registrar” means the Registrar of Corporations for the Province 
of Alberta duly appointed under Section 263 of the ABCA.
  	  	 
  	(qqqq) 	“Regulatory Approvals” means such sanctions, rulings, consents, 
orders, exemptions, permits and other approvals (including the lapse, 
without objection, of a prescribed time under any law that states that a 
transaction may be implemented if a prescribed time lapses following the 
giving of notice without an objection being made) of Governmental 
Authorities required to consummate the Plan of Arrangement.
  	  	 
  	(rrrr) 	“Representative” means any officer, director, employee, 
representative (including any financial or other advisor) or agent of the 
Purchaser or Patch or of any of its subsidiaries, as the case may be.
  	  	 
  	(ssss) 	“Returns” shall mean all reports, filings, notices, schedules, 
estimates, elections, designations, forms, declarations of estimated tax, 
information statements and returns including any amendments, attachments or 
appendices and exhibits thereto, made, prepared or filed or required to be 
filed with a Governmental Authority in connection with, any Taxes.
 
  	 	 

  	- 14 - 	 
 
  	(tttt) 	“Rights Indenture” means the rights indenture to be entered into 
between Purchaser and a trust company acceptable to Patch and Purchaser, as 
rights agent, providing for the creation and issuance of the CVRs.
  	  	 
  	(uuuu) 	“SEC” means the United States Securities and Exchange 
Commission.
  	  	 
  	(vvvv) 	“Securities Act” means the Securities Act (Alberta).
  	  	 
  	(wwww) 	“Securities Authorities” means, collectively, the securities 
commissions, similar securities regulatory authorities in each of the 
provinces or territories of Canada and the U.S. Securities Authorities.
  	  	 
  	(xxxx) 	“Securities Laws” means the Canadian Securities Laws and the 
U.S. Securities Laws, and all other applicable Canadian and/or U.S. 
Securities Laws, rules and regulations and published policies thereunder.
  	  	 
  	(yyyy) 	“subsidiary” means, with respect to a specified entity, any:
 
  	(i) 	body corporate of which more than 50% of the outstanding shares 
ordinarily entitled to elect a majority of the board of directors thereof 
(whether or not shares of any other class or classes shall or might be 
entitled to vote upon the happening of any event or contingency) are at the 
time owned directly or indirectly by such specified entity or indirectly by 
or for the benefit of such specified entity;
  	  	 
  	(ii) 	entity which is not a body corporate, of which more than 50% of 
the voting or equity interests of such entity (including, for a partnership 
other than a limited partnership, the voting or equity interests in such 
partnership) are owned, directly or indirectly, by such specified entity or 
indirectly by or for the benefit of such specified entity and, in the case 
of a limited partnership, of which such specified entity, or a subsidiary 
of such specified entity, is a general partner; and
  	  	 
  	(iii) 	issuer that would constitute a subsidiary as defined in the 
Securities Act.
 
  	(zzzz) 	“Superior Proposal” means any unsolicited bona fide written 
Acquisition Proposal from a person who is an arm’s length third party made 
after the date of this Agreement: (i) to acquire not less than all of the 
outstanding Patch Shares or all or substantially all of the assets of Patch 
on a consolidated basis; (ii) that complies with Canadian Securities Laws 
and did not result from or involve a breach of Section 3.4 or any agreement 
between the person making such Acquisition Proposal and Patch; (iii) that 
the Patch Board has determined in good faith is reasonably capable of being 
completed without undue delay, taking into account, all financial, legal, 
regulatory and other aspects of such proposal and the person making such 
proposal; (iv) that is not subject to any financing condition and in 
respect of which it has been demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Patch 
Board, acting in good faith (after receipt of advice from its outside legal 
counsel) that adequate arrangements have been made in respect of any 
financing required to complete such Acquisition Proposal, or is reasonably 
likely to be obtained; (v) that is not subject to any due diligence and/or 
access condition; and (vi) in respect of which the Patch Board and any 
relevant committee thereof determines, in its good faith judgment, after 
taking into account all the terms and conditions of the Acquisition 
Proposal, including all legal, financial, regulatory and other aspects of 
such Acquisition Proposal and the party making such Acquisition Proposal, 
would, if consummated in accordance with its terms, but without assuming 
away the risk of non-completion, reasonably be expected to result in a 
transaction which is more favourable, from a financial point of view, to 
Patch Common Shareholders than the Arrangement (including any amendments to 
the terms and conditions of the Arrangement proposed by the Purchaser 
pursuant to Section 3.4(f)).
 
  	 	 

  	- 15 - 	 
 
  	(aaaaa) 	“Superior Proposal Notice” has the meaning ascribed thereto in 
Section 3.4(e)(iii).
  	  	 
  	(bbbbb) 	“Tax Act” means the Income Tax Act (Canada).
  	  	 
  	(ccccc) 	“Tax” or “Taxes” means all taxes, duties, fees, premiums, 
assessments, imposts, levies and other charges of any kind whatsoever 
imposed by any Governmental Authority, together with all interest, 
penalties, fines, additions to tax or other additional amounts imposed in 
respect thereof, including those levied on, or measured by, or referred to 
as, income, gross receipts, profits, capital, large corporation, capital 
gain, alternative minimum, transfer, land transfer, sales, goods and 
services, harmonized sales, use, value-added, excise, stamp, withholding, 
business, franchising, property, employer health, payroll, employment, 
health, social services, education and social security taxes, all surtaxes, 
all customs duties and import and export taxes, all employment insurance, 
health insurance and Canada and other Governmental Authority pension plan 
and workers compensation premiums or contributions including any interest, 
fines or penalties for failure to withhold, collect or remit any tax and 
any liability for such taxes imposed by law with respect to any other 
person arising pursuant to any tax sharing, indemnification or other 
agreements or any liability for taxes of any predecessor or transferor 
entity and whether disputed or not.
  	  	 
  	(ddddd) 	“Third Party Beneficiaries” has the meaning ascribed thereto in 
Section 9.7.
  	  	 
  	(eeeee) 	“Trustee” means 1973803 Alberta Ltd., the trustee for the Patch 
Exchangeable Shares.
  	  	 
  	(fffff) 	“United States” means the United States of America, its 
territories and possessions, any state of the United States, and the 
District of Columbia.
  	  	 
  	(ggggg) 	“U.S. Exchange Act” means the United States Securities Exchange 
Act of 1934.
  	  	 
  	(hhhhh) 	“U.S. Securities Act” means the United States Securities Act of 
1933.
  	  	 
  	(iiiii) 	“U.S. Securities Authorities” means, collectively, the SEC and 
similar securities regulatory authorities in each of the United States.
  	  	 
  	(jjjjj) 	“U.S. Securities Laws” means the federal and state securities 
legislation of the United States and all rules, regulations and orders 
promulgated thereunder, as amended from time to time.
 
  	 	 

  	- 16 - 	 
 
1.2 Interpretation Not Affected by Headings, etc.
 
The provision of a Table of Contents, the division of this Agreement into 
Articles, Sections and Schedules and the insertion of headings are for 
convenient reference only and are not to affect its interpretation.
 
1.3 Number, etc.
 
Words importing the singular number include the plural and vice versa and 
words importing the use of any gender include all genders.
 
1.4 Capitalized Terms
 
All capitalized terms used in any Schedule, the Purchaser Disclosure Letter 
or the Patch Disclosure Letter have the meanings ascribed to them in this 
Agreement.
 
1.5 Date for Any Action
 
If any date on which any action is required to be taken hereunder by any of 
the Parties is not a Business Day, such action is required to be taken on 
the next succeeding day which is a Business Day.
 
1.6 Entire Agreement
 
This Agreement together with the agreements and documents herein referred 
to, constitute the entire agreement among the Parties pertaining to the 
subject matter hereof and supersede all prior agreements, understandings, 
negotiations and discussions, whether oral or written, among the Parties 
with respect to the subject matter hereof. For greater certainty, the Patch 
Support Agreements are separate agreements between the parties thereto and 
are unaffected by this Section 1.6.
 
1.7 Currency
 
Unless otherwise indicated, all sums of money which are referred to in this 
Agreement are expressed in lawful money of Canada. References to “United 
States dollars” and “US$” are to the lawful money of the United States.
 
1.8 Certain Phrases and References, etc.
 
The words “including”, “includes” and “include” mean “including (or 
includes or include) without limitation,” and “the aggregate of”, “the 
total of”, “the sum of”, or a phrase of similar meaning means “the 
aggregate (or total or sum), without duplication, of.” Unless stated 
otherwise, “Article”, “Section” and “Schedule” followed by a number or 
letter mean and refer to the specified Article or Section of or Schedule to 
this Agreement. The term “Agreement” and any reference in this Agreement to 
this Agreement or any other agreement or document includes, and is a 
reference to, this Agreement or such other agreement or document as it may 
have been, or may from time to time be, amended, restated, replaced, 
supplemented or novated and includes all schedules to it.
 
1.9 Accounting Matters
 
Unless otherwise stated, all accounting terms used in this Agreement shall 
have the meanings attributable thereto under GAAP and all determinations of 
an accounting nature that are required to be made shall be made in a manner 
consistent with GAAP.
 
  	 	 

  	- 17 - 	 
 
1.10 Disclosure in Writing
 
References to “disclosed in writing”, “except as previously disclosed in 
writing” and similar expressions in this Agreement shall in the case of 
disclosure by Patch, be construed for purposes of this Agreement as 
referring to matters disclosed in (a) the Patch Disclosure Letter; (b) the 
Patch Financial Statements; (c) Patch’s annual management’s discussions and 
analysis for the year ended May 31, 2016; and (d) this Agreement or in the 
schedules hereto; and in the case of disclosure by the Purchaser, be 
construed for purposes of this Agreement as referring to matters disclosed 
in (a) the Purchaser Disclosure Letter; (b) the Purchaser Financial 
Statements; and (c) this Agreement or in the schedules hereto.
 
1.11 References to Legislation
 
References in this Agreement to any statute or sections thereof shall 
include such statute as amended or substituted and any regulations 
promulgated thereunder from time to time in effect.
 
1.12 Enforceability
 
All representations, warranties, covenants and opinions in or contemplated 
by this Agreement as to the enforceability of any covenant, agreement or 
document are subject to enforceability being limited by applicable 
bankruptcy, insolvency, fraudulent transfer, reorganization, moratorium and 
other laws relating to or affecting creditors’ rights generally, and the 
discretionary nature of certain remedies (including specific performance 
and injunctive relief and general principles of equity).
 
1.13 Knowledge
 
Where any representation or warranty is expressly qualified by reference to 
the knowledge of a Party, it is deemed to refer to the actual knowledge of 
the Executive Officers of the Purchaser or Patch, as the case may be, after 
reasonable inquiry, and does not include any constructive, implied or 
imputed knowledge of such individuals. For purposes of this Section 1.13, “
Executive Officers” (a) in the case of the Purchaser means Adam Berk and 
Steve Hubbard; and (b) in the case of Patch means Mark Bentsen and David 
Hawkins.
 
1.14 Interpretation Not Affected by Party Drafting
 
The Parties acknowledge that their respective legal counsel have reviewed 
and participated in negotiating, drafting and settling the terms of this 
Agreement, and the Parties agree that any rule of construction to the 
effect that any ambiguity is to be resolved against the drafting party will 
not be applicable in the interpretation of this Agreement.
 
1.15 Schedules
 
  	(a) 	The schedules attached to this Agreement form an integral part of 
this Agreement for all purposes of it.
  	  	 
  	(b) 	The Purchaser Disclosure Letter itself and all information 
contained in it is confidential information and may not be disclosed 
unless: (i) it is required to be disclosed pursuant to Applicable Law 
unless such Applicable Law permits the Parties to refrain from disclosing 
the information for confidentiality or other purposes; or (ii) a Party 
needs to disclose it in order to enforce or exercise its rights under this 
Agreement.
  	  	 
  	(c) 	The Patch Disclosure Letter itself and all information contained in 
it is confidential information and may not be disclosed unless: (i) it is 
required to be disclosed pursuant to Applicable Law unless such Applicable 
Law permits the Parties to refrain from disclosing the information for 
confidentiality or other purposes; or (ii) a Party needs to disclose it in 
order to enforce or exercise its rights under this Agreement.
 
  	 	 

  	- 18 - 	 
 
Article 2
THE ARRANGEMENT AND MEETING
 
2.1 Plan of Arrangement
 
The Parties agree that the Arrangement shall be implemented in accordance 
with and subject to the terms and conditions contained in this Agreement 
and the Plan of Arrangement, pursuant to which, among other things, the 
Patch Common Shareholders (other than those who have validly exercised 
Dissent Rights) shall receive the Consideration for each Patch Common Share 
held.
 
2.2 Interim Order, Final Order, etc.
 
  	(a) 	As soon as reasonably practicable following the date of this 
Agreement and in any event by no later than December 9, 2016, Patch shall 
apply to the Court, in a manner reasonably acceptable to the Purchaser, for 
the Interim Order and thereafter, in cooperation with the Purchaser, 
diligently seek the Interim Order and, upon receipt thereof, Patch shall 
forthwith carry out the terms of the Interim Order to the extent applicable 
to it. The Interim Order shall provide, among other things:
  	  	  	 
  	 	(i) 	for the calling and holding of the Patch Meeting, including the 
record date for determining the persons to whom notice is to be provided in 
respect of the Arrangement and the Patch Meeting and for the manner in 
which such notice is to be provided;
  	  	  	 
  	 	(ii) 	that the Patch Shareholders shall be entitled to vote with 
respect to the Arrangement Resolution, with each (A) Patch Common 
Shareholder being entitled to one vote for each Patch Share held, (B) the 
holder of the Patch Class “A” Preferred Share being entitled to the Patch 
Class “A” Preferred Special Voting Right, and (C) the holder of the Patch 
Class “B” Preferred Share being entitled to the Patch Class “B” Preferred 
Special Voting Right;
  	  	  	 
  	 	(iii) 	that, subject to the approval of the Court, the requisite 
majority for the approval of the Arrangement Resolution shall be at least 
two-thirds of the votes cast by the Patch Shareholders present in person or 
represented by proxy at the Patch Meeting;
  	  	  	 
  	 	(iv) 	that in all other respects, the terms, restrictions and 
conditions of Patch’s articles and by-laws, including quorum requirements 
and all other matters shall apply in respect of the Patch Meeting in 
respect of Patch Shareholders, except as modified by the Interim Order;
  	  	  	 
  	 	(v) 	for the grant of Dissent Rights to those Patch Shareholders who 
are registered Patch Shareholders;
 
  	 	 

  	- 19 - 	 
 
  	(vi) 	for the notice requirements with respect to the presentation of 
the application to the Court for the Final Order;
  	  	 
  	(vii) 	that the Patch Meeting may be adjourned or postponed from time to 
time by Patch in accordance with the terms of this Agreement without the 
need for additional approval of the Court; and
  	  	 
  	(viii) 	that the record date for the Patch Shareholders entitled to 
notice of and to vote at the Patch Meeting will not change in respect of 
any adjournment(s) of the Patch Meeting, unless required by Applicable Law.
 
  	(b) 	Provided all necessary approvals for the Arrangement Resolution are 
obtained from the Patch Shareholders, Patch shall, as soon as reasonably 
practicable following the Patch Meeting, and in any event no later than 
three Business Days after the Arrangement Resolution is passed at the Patch 
Meeting in accordance with the Interim Order, submit the Arrangement to the 
Court and apply for the Final Order.
  	  	 
  	(c) 	No later than three Business Days following the issuance of the 
Final Order and the satisfaction or waiver (subject to Applicable Laws) of 
the conditions (excluding conditions that, by their terms, cannot be 
satisfied until the Effective Date, but subject to the satisfaction or, 
where permitted, waiver of those conditions as of the Effective Date) set 
forth in Article 5, Patch shall file the Articles of Arrangement, the Final 
Order and such other documents as may be required to give effect to the 
Arrangement with the Registrar pursuant to Section 193(10) of the ABCA, 
whereupon the transactions comprising the Arrangement shall occur and shall 
be deemed to have occurred in the order set out in the Plan of Arrangement 
without any further act or formality.
 
2.3 Patch Meeting and Circular
 
  	(a) 	Patch shall:
 
  	(i) 	convene and conduct the Patch Meeting in accordance with the 
Interim Order, Patch’s constating documents and Applicable Laws as soon as 
reasonably practicable (and in any event by no later than January 31, 
2017), and not adjourn, postpone or cancel (or propose the adjournment, 
postponement or cancellation of) the Patch Meeting without the prior 
written consent of the Purchaser, except:
 
  	(A) 	in the case of an adjournment, as required for quorum purposes;
  	  	 
  	(B) 	as required or permitted under Section 3.4(i) and Section 5.4(c); 
or
  	  	 
  	(C) 	as required by Applicable Laws or a Governmental Authority.
 
  	(ii) 	subject to the terms of this Agreement, solicit proxies, in 
accordance with Applicable Laws, in favour of the approval of the 
Arrangement Resolution and against any resolution submitted by any Patch 
Shareholder that is inconsistent with the Arrangement Resolution;
 
  	 	 

  	- 20 - 	 
 
  	(iii) 	provide the Purchaser with copies of or access to information 
regarding the Patch Meeting generated by any dealer or proxy solicitation 
services firm, as requested from time to time by the Purchaser;
  	  	 
  	(iv) 	consult with the Purchaser in fixing the date of the Patch 
Meeting, give notice to the Purchaser of the Patch Meeting and allow the 
Purchaser’s Representatives to attend the Patch Meeting;
  	  	 
  	(v) 	promptly advise the Purchaser, at such times as the Purchaser may 
reasonably request, as to the aggregate tally of the proxies received by 
Patch in respect of the Arrangement Resolution;
  	  	 
  	(vi) 	promptly advise the Purchaser of any written communication from 
any Patch Shareholder in opposition to the Arrangement, written notice of 
dissent, purported exercise or withdrawal of Dissent Rights, and written 
communications sent by or on behalf of Patch to any Patch Shareholder 
exercising or purporting to exercise Dissent Rights;
  	  	 
  	(vii) 	not make any payment or settlement offer, or agree to any payment 
or settlement prior to the Effective Time with respect to Dissent Rights 
without the prior written consent of the Purchaser; and
  	  	 
  	(viii) 	not change the record date for the Patch Shareholders entitled 
to vote at the Patch Meeting in connection with any adjournment or 
postponement of the Patch Meeting unless required by Applicable Laws.
 
  	(b) 	Patch shall as soon as reasonably practicable following the date of 
this Agreement (but taking into account the need for the Purchaser to 
provide the Purchaser Information) prepare and complete, in consultation 
with the Purchaser, the Circular together with any other documents required 
by Applicable Laws in connection with the Patch Meeting and the 
Arrangement, and Patch shall, after obtaining the Interim Order, cause the 
Circular and such other documents to be filed and sent to each Patch 
Shareholder and each Patch Exchangeable Shareholder and any other person as 
required by the Interim Order and Applicable Laws, in each case so as to 
permit the Patch Meeting to be held by the date specified in Section 
2.3(a)(i).
  	  	 
  	(c) 	Patch shall ensure that the Circular complies in all material 
respects with Canadian Securities Laws, does not contain any 
misrepresentation at the time of the mailing (excluding the Purchaser 
Information for which the Purchaser shall be responsible) and provides the 
Patch Shareholders with sufficient information to permit them to form a 
reasoned judgement concerning the matters to be placed before the Patch 
Meeting. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Circular 
must include: (i) the Patch Board Recommendation; and (ii) a statement that 
each Patch Supporting Securityholder intends, in accordance with the Patch 
Support Agreements, to vote all of such shareholder’s Patch Voting 
Securities in favour of the Arrangement Resolution and against any 
resolution submitted by any Patch Shareholder that is inconsistent with the 
Arrangement.
 
  	 	 

  	- 21 - 	 
 
  	(d) 	The Purchaser shall provide the Purchaser Information to be 
included by Patch in the Circular, any public announcement or regulatory 
filing or other related documents to Patch in writing, and shall ensure 
that at the time of the mailing, announcement or filing, as applicable, 
such information does not contain any misrepresentation and complies in all 
material respects with Securities Laws.
  	  	 
  	(e) 	The Purchaser hereby indemnifies and saves harmless Patch, its 
subsidiaries and their respective Representatives from and against any and 
all liabilities, claims, demands, losses, costs, damages and expenses to 
which Patch, any subsidiary or any of their respective Representatives may 
be subject or may suffer as a result of, or arising from, any 
misrepresentation or alleged misrepresentation contained in the Purchaser 
Information included in the Circular that was provided by the Purchaser in 
writing for inclusion in the Circular pursuant to Section 2.3(d), including 
as a result of any order made, or any inquiry, investigation or proceeding 
instituted by any Securities Authority or other Governmental Authority 
based on such a misrepresentation or alleged misrepresentation.
  	  	 
  	(f) 	Patch hereby indemnifies and saves harmless the Purchaser and its 
Representatives from and against any and all liabilities, claims, demands, 
losses, costs, damages and expenses to which the Purchaser or its 
Representatives may be subject or may suffer as a result of, or arising 
from:
 
  	(i) 	any misrepresentation or alleged misrepresentation contained in the 
Circular; and
  	  	 
  	(ii) 	any order made, or any inquiry, investigation or proceeding by any 
Securities Authority or other Governmental Authority, to the extent based 
on any misrepresentation or any alleged misrepresentation in the Circular,
 
  	  	provided, however, that the above noted indemnification obligation of 
Patch shall not apply to any liabilities, claims, demands, losses, costs, 
damages and expenses arising as a result of any misrepresentation or any 
alleged misrepresentation in the Circular based solely on Purchaser 
Information supplied in writing by the Purchaser to Patch for inclusion in 
the Circular in accordance with Section 2.3(d) and contained in the 
Circular.
  	  	 
  	(g) 	The Parties shall cooperate in the preparation, filing and mailing 
of the Circular. Patch shall provide the Purchaser and its Representatives 
with a reasonable opportunity to review and comment on the Circular and any 
other relevant documentation and reasonable consideration shall be given to 
any comments made by the Purchaser, provided that all Purchaser Information 
included in the Circular shall be in form and content satisfactory to the 
Purchaser, acting reasonably, and provided that all Patch Information 
included in the Circular shall be in form and substance satisfactory to 
Patch, acting reasonably.
 
  	 	 

  	- 22 - 	 
 
2.4 Court Proceedings
 
  	(a) 	Patch shall provide the Purchaser and its counsel with a reasonable 
opportunity to review and comment upon drafts of all material to be filed 
by Patch with the Court in connection with the Arrangement and any 
supplement or amendment thereto, and reasonable consideration shall be 
given to any comments made by the Purchaser and its counsel, and Patch 
shall provide counsel to the Purchaser on a timely basis with copies of any 
notice of appearance and evidence served on Patch or its counsel in respect 
of the application for the Interim Order and/or the Final Order or any 
appeal therefrom and of any notice (written or oral) received by Patch 
indicating any intention to oppose the granting of the Interim Order or the 
Final Order or to appeal the Interim Order or the Final Order. Patch shall 
ensure that material filed with the Court in connection with the 
Arrangement is consistent in all material respects with the terms of this 
Agreement and the Plan of Arrangement. In addition, Patch shall not object 
to counsel to the Purchaser making submissions on the application for the 
Interim Order and the application for the Final Order as such counsel 
considers appropriate, provided that such submissions are consistent with 
this Agreement and the Plan of Arrangement.
  	  	 
  	(b) 	Patch shall not file any material with the Court in connection with 
the Arrangement or serve any such material and shall not agree to modify or 
amend materials so filed or served except as contemplated hereby or with 
the prior written consent of the Purchaser, such consent not to be 
unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed.
 
2.5 Patch Board Recommendation
 
The Patch Board has unanimously determined that the Arrangement is in the 
best interests of Patch and is fair to the Patch Shareholders, has 
unanimously approved the Arrangement and the entering into of this 
Agreement, and has resolved to recommend that Patch Shareholders vote in 
favour of the Arrangement (the “Patch Board Recommendation”).
 
2.6 Regulatory Matters
 
  	(a) 	The Parties shall co-operate in the preparation of any application 
for the Regulatory Approvals and any other orders, registrations, consents, 
filings, rulings, exemptions, no-action letters and approvals and the 
preparation of any documents reasonably deemed by either of the Parties to 
be necessary to discharge its respective obligations or otherwise advisable 
under Applicable Laws in connection with the Arrangement and this Agreement 
as promptly as practicable hereafter.
  	  	 
  	(b) 	Each Party shall promptly notify the other Party if at any time 
before the Effective Time it becomes aware that the Circular, an 
application for a Regulatory Approval or any other order, registration, 
consent, ruling, exemption, no-action letter or approval, any circular or 
other filing under Applicable Laws contains a misrepresentation, or 
information that otherwise requires an amendment or supplement to the 
Circular, such application, circular or filing, and the Parties shall 
co-operate in the preparation of such amendment or supplement as required, 
including the distribution and filing of such amendment or supplement by 
the Parties.
  	  	 
  	(c) 	Each Party will promptly inform the other Party of any requests or 
comments made by Securities Authorities in connection with the Circular or 
the Arrangement. Each of the Parties will cooperate with the other and 
shall diligently do all such acts and things as may be reasonably required 
in the manner contemplated in the context of the preparation of the 
Circular and use its commercially reasonable efforts to resolve all 
requests or comments made by Securities Authorities with respect to the 
Circular or the Arrangement and any other required filings under Applicable 
Laws as promptly as practicable after receipt thereof.
 
  	 	 

  	- 23 - 	 
 
2.7 	Treatment of Patch Exchangeable Shares, the Patch Class “A” Preferred 
Share and the Patch Class “B” Preferred Share
 
  	(a) 	The Parties acknowledge and agree that all of the outstanding Patch 
Exchangeable Shares will, pursuant to the terms thereof, be redeemed by 
Patch Energy in exchange for Patch Common Shares on a one-for-one basis 
prior to the Effective Date, conditional upon consummation of the 
Arrangement, and that Patch, the Patch Board, Patch Energy and its board of 
directors may take all such actions as are necessary or desirable to effect 
the foregoing.
  	  	 
  	(b) 	The Parties acknowledge and agree that immediately following the 
redemption of the Patch Exchangeable Shares, and prior to the Effective 
Date, Patch will repurchase the Patch Class “A” Preferred Share and the 
Class “B” Preferred Share from the Trustee for nominal consideration and 
terminate the Patch Voting Trust Agreement, conditional upon consummation 
of the Arrangement, and that Patch and the Patch Board may take all such 
actions as are necessary or desirable to effect the foregoing.
 
2.8 Officers and Employees
 
Patch covenants and agrees that all obligations or liabilities of Patch to 
pay any amount to or on behalf of its directors, officers or consultants in 
conjunction with the completion of the Arrangement have been disclosed in 
writing, and all obligations or liabilities of Patch to pay any amount to 
or on behalf of its directors, officers or consultants, including 
directors’ fees and any other payments in conjunction with the completion 
of the Arrangement and the termination of consulting services provided to 
Patch and its subsidiaries will be no more than $25,000, payment of which 
shall be made prior to the Effective Date.
 
2.9 Public Communications
 
The Parties shall advise, consult and cooperate with each other prior to 
issuing, or permitting any of their Representatives to issue any news 
releases or otherwise make public statements with respect to this 
Agreement, the Arrangement, the transactions with respect thereto, from the 
date hereof until the Effective Time. The Parties shall not issue any such 
news releases or make any such public statement prior to such consultation, 
except as may be required by this Agreement or Applicable Laws including, 
for greater certainty, in order to fulfill continuous disclosure 
obligations under Applicable Laws, but only after using its reasonable 
commercial efforts to consult each other taking into account the time 
constraints to which it is subject as a result of such law or obligation.
 
2.10 Indemnities and Directors’ and Officers’ Insurance
 
  	(a) 	The Purchaser agrees that after the Effective Time, Patch and its 
subsidiaries and their respective successors shall fulfill their respective 
obligations pursuant to, and shall not take any actions to terminate or 
materially adversely affect, indemnities provided or available to past and 
present officers and directors of Patch and its subsidiaries pursuant to 
the provisions of the constating documents of Patch and its subsidiaries, 
applicable corporate legislation and any written indemnity agreements which 
have been entered into between Patch and its subsidiaries and such officers 
and directors effective on or prior to the date hereof.
 
  	 	 

  	- 24 - 	 
 
  	(b) 	The Purchaser agrees that, for the entire period from the Effective 
Time until six years after the Effective Time, the Purchaser will cause 
Patch or any successor to Patch to maintain Patch’s current directors’ and 
officers’ insurance policy or an equivalent policy, subject in either case 
to terms and conditions no less advantageous to the directors and officers 
of Patch and its subsidiaries than those contained in the policy in effect 
on the date hereof, for all present and former directors and officers of 
Patch and its subsidiaries, covering claims made prior to or within six 
years after the Effective Time.
 
2.11 Tax Withholdings
 
The Purchaser shall be entitled to deduct and withhold from any 
consideration otherwise payable to any Patch Shareholder and, for greater 
certainty, from any amount payable to a Patch Shareholder who has validly 
exercised, and not withdrawn, Dissent Rights, as the case may be, under the 
Plan of Arrangement, such amounts as the Purchaser is required to deduct 
and withhold from such consideration and remit in accordance with 
applicable Tax laws and administrative policy of the Canada Revenue Agency. 
Any such amounts will be deducted, withheld and remitted from the 
consideration payable pursuant to the Plan of Arrangement and shall be 
treated for all purposes as having been paid to the Patch Shareholder, in 
respect of which such deduction, withholding and remittance was made, 
provided that such withheld amounts are actually remitted to the 
appropriate taxing authority. In connection with any amount required to be 
withheld pursuant to the Plan of Arrangement, the Purchaser may direct the 
Depositary to withhold such number of the Purchaser Shares that may 
otherwise be paid to such Patch Shareholder under the Plan of Arrangement 
and, subject to Applicable Laws, to sell Purchaser Shares for cash proceeds 
to be used for such withholding.
 
2.12 Articles of Arrangement
 
Patch shall amend the Plan of Arrangement from time to time at the 
reasonable request of the Purchaser, provided that no such amendment is 
inconsistent with the Interim Order, the Final Order, applicable terms of 
this Agreement or is prejudicial to Patch Shareholders or other Patch 
securityholders to be bound by the Plan of Arrangement.
 
2.13 Closing
 
The closing of the Arrangement will take place at the offices of legal 
counsel to Patch, or at such other location as may be agreed upon by the 
Parties.
 
2.14 Effective Date
 
The Arrangement shall become effective at the Effective Time on the 
Effective Date. The Certificate shall be conclusive evidence that the 
Arrangement has become effective as of the Effective Time. The Parties 
shall use their reasonable commercial efforts to cause the Effective Date 
to occur on or about December 30, 2016 or as soon thereafter as reasonably 
practicable and, in any event, by the Outside Date.
 
  	 	 

  	- 25 - 	 
 
2.15 	U.S. Securities Laws
 
The Arrangement shall be structured and executed such that, assuming the 
Court considers the fairness of the terms and conditions of the Arrangement 
(both procedurally and substantively) at a hearing at which Patch 
Shareholders have a right to appear and grants the Final Order, the 
issuance of the Purchaser Shares issuable to Patch Shareholders under the 
Arrangement will not require registration under the U.S. Securities Act, in 
reliance upon Section 3(a)(10) thereof. Each Party agrees to act in good 
faith, consistent with the intent of the Parties and the intended treatment 
of the Arrangement as set forth in this Section 2.15.
 
2.16 	List of Securityholders
 
At the reasonable request of the Purchaser from time to time, and in 
compliance with Applicable Laws, Patch shall, or shall direct its registrar 
and transfer agent to, provide the Purchaser with a list of the registered 
holders of the Patch Shares and the Patch Exchangeable Shares, together 
with their addresses and holdings, and a list of participants and 
book-based nominee registrants such as CDS & Co., CEDE & Co. and the 
Depository Trust Company, and non-objecting beneficial owners of Patch 
Voting Securities, together with their addresses and holdings. Patch shall 
from time to time require that its registrar and transfer agent furnish 
Purchaser with such additional information, including updated or additional 
lists of holders of Patch Shares and Patch Exchangeable Shares and lists of 
holdings and other assistance as the Purchaser may reasonably request.
 
2.17 	Patch Energy Disposition
 
The Parties agree that Patch shall use its commercially reasonable efforts 
to enter into a purchase and sale agreement providing for the disposition 
of the shares of Patch Energy owned by Patch, which transaction is to 
become effective as soon as reasonably practicable following the Effective 
Date.
 
2.18 	Patch Note
 
The Parties agree that Patch shall use its commercially reasonable efforts 
to: (i) pursue the Patch Note Collection and all Patch’s legal and 
equitable rights arising in connection with the Patch Note; (ii) work to 
bring about the reasonable monetization of the Patch Note through a 
settlement or other means; and (iii) collect and enforce any settlement, 
final judgement or award in respect of the Patch Note, in each case with 
the aim of Patch receiving Patch Note Collection Proceeds on or before 
10:00 a.m. on the third last Business Day prior to the Effective Date.
 
In the event that Patch does not receive Patch Note Collection Proceeds 
sufficient to the settle the full and final amount outstanding under the 
Patch Note on or before the 10:00 a.m. on the third last Business Day prior 
to the Effective Date, Purchaser agrees to execute and deliver the Rights 
Indenture, in form and substance acceptable to Patch, and to create and 
issue the CVRs to be issued under the Arrangement on the Effective Date.
 
  	 	 

  	- 26 - 	 
 
Article 3
COVENANTS
 
3.1 	Covenants of the Purchaser
 
From the date hereof until the earlier of the Effective Time and the 
termination of this Agreement in accordance with Article 7, except with the 
prior written consent of Patch and except as otherwise expressly permitted 
or specifically contemplated by this Agreement or as otherwise required by 
Applicable Laws:
 
  	(a) 	other than as disclosed in writing to Patch: (i) the Purchaser’s 
business shall be conducted in the Ordinary Course; and (ii) the Purchaser 
shall use reasonable commercial efforts to preserve intact its business, 
organization, assets, properties and goodwill and maintain satisfactory 
relationships with contract counterparties and others having advantageous 
business relationships with it;
  	  	 
  	(b) 	the Purchaser shall not, directly or indirectly do or permit to 
occur any of the following: (i) amend its constating documents; (ii) 
declare, set aside or pay any dividend or other distribution or payment 
(whether in cash, shares or property) in respect of its outstanding shares; 
(iii) redeem, purchase or otherwise acquire any of its outstanding shares 
or other securities; (iv) split, combine or reclassify any of its 
securities; (v) adopt a plan of liquidation or resolutions providing for 
the liquidation, dissolution or reorganization of the Purchaser; (vi) 
reduce the stated capital of the Purchaser or any of the outstanding 
Purchaser Shares; or (vii) enter into or modify any contract, agreement, 
commitment or arrangement with respect to any of the foregoing;
  	  	 
  	(c) 	the Purchaser shall cause its current insurance (or re-insurance) 
policies (including, to the extent reasonably within its control, any such 
policies obtained by third parties on behalf of the Purchaser) not to be 
cancelled or terminated or any of the coverage thereunder to lapse, unless 
simultaneously with such termination, cancellation or lapse, replacement 
policies underwritten by insurance or re-insurance companies of recognized 
standing providing coverage equal to or greater than the coverage under the 
cancelled, terminated or lapsed policies for substantially similar premiums 
are in full force and effect and shall pay all premiums in respect of such 
insurance policies that become due prior to the Effective Date;
  	  	 
  	(d) 	neither the Purchaser nor the Purchaser Board will agree or consent 
to the release of any director or officer of the Purchaser from any 
fiduciary duty owed by such person to the Purchaser or the holders of 
Purchaser Shares, including and without limitation, as would allow any such 
person to pursue any corporate opportunities that would otherwise be the 
property of the Purchaser or any subsidiary controlled by the Purchaser;
  	  	 
  	(e) 	the Purchaser shall not take any action, refrain from taking any 
action, permit any action to be taken or not taken, inconsistent with this 
Agreement, which might, directly or indirectly, interfere or affect the 
consummation of the Arrangement, or that would render, or would reasonably 
be expected to render, any representation or warranty made by the Purchaser 
in this Agreement untrue in any material respect at any time prior to 
completion of the Arrangement or termination of this Agreement, whichever 
first occurs;
 
  	 	 

  	- 27 - 	 
 
  	(f) 	the Purchaser shall promptly notify Patch in writing of any 
material adverse change (actual, anticipated, contemplated or, to the 
knowledge of the Purchaser threatened, financial or otherwise) in its 
business, operations, affairs, assets, capitalization, financial condition, 
licenses, permits, rights, privileges or liabilities, whether contractual 
or otherwise;
  	  	 
  	(g) 	the Purchaser shall promptly advise Patch in writing of any 
material breach by the Purchaser of any representation, warranty, covenant, 
obligation or agreement contained in this Agreement;
  	  	 
  	(h) 	the Purchaser will use its reasonable commercial efforts to take 
all necessary action to give effect to the transactions contemplated by 
this Agreement and the Arrangement, including using its reasonable 
commercial efforts to satisfy or cause the satisfaction of the conditions 
set forth in Section 5.1 and Section 5.3 as soon as reasonably practicable, 
to the extent the fulfillment of the same is within the control of the 
Purchaser;
  	  	 
  	(i) 	the Purchaser shall use its reasonable commercial efforts to obtain 
the written consent of any third parties as are required for the 
consummation of the Arrangement or as otherwise contemplated hereby;
  	  	 
  	(j) 	the Purchaser shall cause to be taken all corporate action to allot 
and reserve for issuance the Purchaser Shares to be issued in exchange for 
the Patch Common Shares;
  	  	 
  	(k) 	if applicable, the Purchaser shall cause to be taken all corporate 
action to enter into the Rights Indenture and to create and issue the CVRs 
to each former holder of Patch Common Shares at the Effective Time;
  	  	 
  	(l) 	except for non-substantive communications, and communications that 
the Purchaser is required to keep confidential pursuant to Applicable Laws, 
the Purchaser shall furnish promptly to Patch or Patch’s counsel, a copy of 
each notice, report, schedule or other document delivered, filed or 
received by the Purchaser from Governmental Authorities in connection with: 
(i) the Arrangement; (ii) any filings under Applicable Laws in connection 
with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement; and (iii) any 
dealings with Governmental Authorities in connection with the transactions 
contemplated by this Agreement;
  	  	 
  	(m) 	the Purchaser shall, on the Effective Date, provide the Depositary 
an irrevocable direction authorizing and directing the Depositary to 
deliver the Aggregate Purchaser Share Consideration and, if applicable, 
Aggregate Additional Consideration issuable pursuant to the Arrangement to 
holders of the Patch Common Shares in accordance with the Plan of 
Arrangement;
  	  	 
  	(n) 	the Purchaser shall use all reasonable commercial efforts to take, 
or cause to be taken, all other actions and to do, or cause to be done, all 
other things necessary, proper or advisable under all Applicable Laws to 
complete the Arrangement, in accordance with the terms thereof, including 
using its reasonable commercial efforts to:
 
  	 	 

  	- 28 - 	 
 
  	(i) 	obtain all necessary Authorizations and filings as are required to 
be obtained or made by the Purchaser under any Applicable Laws and to 
satisfy any condition provided for under this Agreement;
  	  	 
  	(ii) 	oppose, lift or rescind any injunction or restraining order or 
other order or action seeking to stop, or otherwise adversely affect its 
ability to consummate the Arrangement; and
  	  	 
  	(iii) 	co-operate with Patch in connection with the performance by it of 
its obligations hereunder;
 
  	(o) 	the Purchaser will use its reasonable commercial efforts to assist 
Patch in obtaining the Interim Order and the Final Order and to carry out 
the intent or effect of this Agreement and the Arrangement;
  	  	 
  	(p) 	the Purchaser will use its reasonable commercial efforts to defend 
all material lawsuits and other legal, regulatory and other proceedings 
arising after the date hereof against it challenging or affecting this 
Agreement, the Arrangement or the transactions contemplated hereby;
  	  	 
  	(q) 	the Purchaser will use its reasonable commercial efforts to take, 
or cause to be taken, all actions and to do, or cause to be done, all 
things necessary, proper or advisable to close the Private Placement for 
gross proceeds of not less than US$1,000,000; and
  	  	 
  	(r) 	the Purchaser will use its reasonable commercial efforts to take, 
or cause to be taken, all actions and to do, or cause to be done, all 
things necessary, proper or advisable to ensure that the Purchaser has 
entered into and performed all obligations required to be performed by it 
under the Real Property Agreements at or prior to the Effective Time.
 
3.2 	Covenants of Patch
 
From the date hereof until the earlier of the Effective Time and the 
termination of this Agreement in accordance with Article 7, except with the 
prior written consent of the Purchaser, and except as otherwise expressly 
permitted or specifically contemplated by this Agreement or as required by 
Applicable Laws:
 
  	(a) 	other than as disclosed in writing to the Purchaser: (i) Patch’s 
business shall be conducted only in the Ordinary Course; and (ii) Patch 
shall use reasonable commercial efforts to preserve intact its business, 
organization, assets, properties and goodwill and maintain satisfactory 
relationships with contract counterparties and others having advantageous 
business relationships with it, in each case, except where the failure to 
do so would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on 
Patch;
 
  	 	 

  	- 29 - 	 
 
  	(b) 	Patch shall consult with the Purchaser in respect of the ongoing 
material business and affairs of Patch and its subsidiaries and keep the 
Purchaser apprised of all material developments relating thereto;
  	  	 
  	(c) 	Patch shall not, and shall not permit any of its subsidiaries to, 
directly or indirectly, do or permit to occur any of the following: (i) 
amend its constating documents; (ii) declare, set aside or pay any dividend 
or other distribution or payment (whether in cash, shares or property) in 
respect of its outstanding shares; (iii) except as specifically 
contemplated in this Arrangement Agreement and the Plan of Arrangement, 
redeem, purchase or otherwise acquire any of its outstanding shares or 
other securities; (iv) issue (other than Patch Common Shares issued on the 
redemption of outstanding Patch Exchangeable Shares as specifically 
contemplated by this Arrangement Agreement), grant, sell or pledge or agree 
to issue, grant, sell or pledge any shares, or securities convertible into 
or exchangeable or exercisable for, or otherwise evidencing a right to 
acquire shares; (v) split, combine or reclassify any of its securities; 
(vi) pursue, complete or agree to complete any corporate acquisition or 
disposition, amalgamation, merger, arrangement, (vii) make any material 
change to the business, capital or affairs of Patch or any of its 
subsidiaries, except as specifically contemplated in this Arrangement 
Agreement; (viii) adopt a plan of liquidation or resolutions providing for 
the liquidation, dissolution, merger, consolidation or reorganization of 
Patch or any of its subsidiaries; (ix) reduce the stated capital of Patch 
or any of its subsidiaries or any of the outstanding Patch Common Shares; 
or (x) enter into or modify any contract, agreement, commitment or 
arrangement with respect to any of the foregoing;
  	  	 
  	(d) 	Patch and its subsidiaries shall not, directly or indirectly: (i) 
sell, pledge, dispose of or encumber any assets; (ii) expend or commit to 
expend any amounts with respect to any capital expenditures or future 
commitments; (iii) expend or commit to expend any amounts with respect to 
any operating expenses or general and administrative expenses; (iv) acquire 
(by merger, amalgamation, consolidation or acquisition of shares or assets) 
any corporation, partnership or other business organization or division 
thereof, or make any investment therein either by purchase of shares or 
securities, contributions of capital or property transfer; (v) acquire any 
assets; (vi) incur any indebtedness for borrowed money in or any other 
material liability or obligation or issue any debt securities or assume, 
guarantee, endorse or otherwise become responsible for, the obligations of 
any other individual or entity, or make any loans or advances, other than 
in respect of (A) fees payable to legal and other advisors in respect of 
the Arrangement, and (B) in the Ordinary Course; (vii) pay, discharge or 
satisfy any material claims, liabilities or obligations except as reflected 
or reserved against in the Patch Financial Statements; (viii) authorize, 
recommend or propose any release or relinquishment or any material contract 
right; (ix) waive, release, grant or transfer any material rights of value 
or modify or change in any material respect any existing material contract; 
(x) enter into or terminate any hedges, swaps or other financial 
instruments or like transactions; or (xi) authorize or propose any of the 
foregoing, or enter into or modify any contract, agreement, commitment or 
transaction to do any of the foregoing;
  	  	 
  	(e) 	other than in connection with payments contemplated by Section 2.8, 
neither Patch nor any of its subsidiaries shall: (i) hire any officer or 
director; (ii) increase the compensation of any officer, director or 
consultant in any form; (iii) take any action with respect to the amendment 
of any termination pay policies or arrangements for any officers, directors 
or consultants; (iv) grant any advance or any loan to any officer or 
director or any other party; or (v) adopt or amend or make any contribution 
to any bonus, employee benefit plan, profit sharing, deferred compensation, 
insurance, incentive compensation, other compensation or other similar 
plan, agreement, stock purchase plan, fund or arrangement for the benefit 
of officers, directors or consultants;
 
  	 	 

  	- 30 - 	 
 
  	(f) 	Patch will promptly provide to the Purchaser, prior to filing or 
issuance of the same, any proposed public disclosure document, including 
any news release or material change report, subject to Patch’s obligations 
under Applicable Laws to make continuous disclosure and timely disclosure 
of material information, and the Purchaser agrees to keep such information 
confidential until it is filed as part of the Patch Public Record;
  	  	 
  	(g) 	Patch shall cause its current insurance (or re-insurance) policies 
or those policies of its subsidiaries (including, to the extent reasonably 
within its control, any such policies obtained by third parties on behalf 
of Patch or its subsidiaries) not to be cancelled or terminated or any of 
the coverage thereunder to lapse, unless simultaneously with such 
termination, cancellation or lapse, replacement policies underwritten by 
insurance or re-insurance companies of nationally recognized standing 
providing coverage equal to or greater than the coverage under the 
cancelled, terminated or lapsed policies for substantially similar premiums 
are in full force and effect and shall pay all premiums in respect of such 
insurance policies that become due prior to the Effective Date;
  	  	 
  	(h) 	Patch and its subsidiaries shall withhold from any payment made to 
any of their present or former directors, officers or consultants 
contemplated by this Agreement all amounts required by law or 
administrative practice to be withheld by it on account of Taxes and other 
source deductions;
  	  	 
  	(i) 	neither Patch nor the Patch Board nor any subsidiary of Patch will 
agree or consent to the release of any director or officer of Patch or any 
subsidiary of Patch from any fiduciary duty owed by such person to Patch or 
any subsidiary of Patch or the Patch Shareholders, including as would allow 
any such person to pursue any corporate opportunities that would otherwise 
be the property of Patch or any of its subsidiaries;
  	  	 
  	(j) 	Patch shall not take any action, refrain from taking any action, 
permit any action to be taken or not taken by it or any of its 
subsidiaries, inconsistent with this Agreement, which might directly or 
indirectly interfere or affect the consummation of the Arrangement, or that 
would render, or would reasonably be expected to render, any representation 
or warranty made by Patch or by Patch on behalf of its subsidiaries in this 
Agreement untrue in any material respect at any time prior to completion of 
the Arrangement or termination of this Agreement, whichever first occurs;
  	  	 
  	(k) 	Patch shall promptly notify the Purchaser in writing of any 
material change (actual, anticipated, contemplated or, to the knowledge of 
Patch threatened, financial or otherwise) in its or its subsidiaries’ 
business, operations, affairs, assets, capitalization, financial condition, 
Authorizations, rights, privileges or liabilities, whether contractual or 
otherwise;
 
  	 	 

  	- 31 - 	 
 
  	(l) 	Patch shall promptly advise the Purchaser in writing of any breach 
by Patch of any representation, warranty, covenant, obligation or agreement 
contained in this Agreement;
  	  	 
  	(m) 	Patch will use its reasonable commercial efforts to satisfy or 
cause the satisfaction of the conditions set forth in Sections 5.1 and 5.2 
as soon as practicable, to the extent the satisfaction of the same is 
within the control of Patch;
  	  	 
  	(n) 	Patch will use its reasonable commercial efforts to take all 
necessary action to give effect to the transactions contemplated by this 
Agreement and the Arrangement, including using its reasonable commercial 
efforts to satisfy or cause the satisfaction of the conditions set forth in 
Section 5.1 and Section 5.2 as soon as reasonably practicable, to the 
extent the fulfillment of the same is within the control of Patch;
  	  	 
  	(o) 	Patch shall use its reasonable commercial efforts to obtain the 
written consent of any third parties as are required for the consummation 
of the Arrangement or as otherwise contemplated hereby;
  	  	 
  	(p) 	except for non-substantive communications with the holders of 
securities of Patch, and communications that Patch is required to keep 
confidential pursuant to Applicable Laws, Patch shall furnish promptly to 
the Purchaser or the Purchaser’s counsel, a copy of each notice, report, 
schedule or other document delivered, filed or received by Patch from 
holders of securities of Patch or Governmental Authorities in connection 
with: (i) the Arrangement; (ii) the Patch Meeting; (iii) any filings under 
Applicable Laws in connection with the transactions contemplated by this 
Agreement; and (iv) any dealings with Governmental Authorities in 
connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement;
  	  	 
  	(q) 	Patch shall provide to the Purchaser all such information 
respecting its business, operations and affairs as may be reasonably 
requested from time to time by the Purchaser;
  	  	 
  	(r) 	Patch and its subsidiaries shall:
 
  	(i) 	duly and timely file all Returns required to be filed by it and 
duly and timely file all required Returns on or after the date hereof but 
prior to the Effective Time (including all applicable Returns for its most 
recent financial year end) and ensure that all such Returns are true, 
complete and correct in all material respects;
  	  	 
  	(ii) 	timely pay all Taxes that are due and payable prior to the 
Effective Time (other than those that are being contested in good faith and 
in respect of which reserves have been provided in the Patch Financial 
Statements);
  	  	 
  	(iii) 	not make a request for a Tax ruling or enter into any agreement 
with any taxing authorities;
 
  	 	 

  	- 32 - 	 
 
  	(iv) 	not settle or compromise any claim, action, suit, litigation, 
proceeding, arbitration, investigation, audit or controversy relating to 
Taxes;
  	  	 
  	(v) 	not change in any material respect any of its methods of reporting 
income, deductions or accounting for income tax purposes from those 
employed in the preparation of its income tax return for the taxation year 
ending May 31, 2015 and prior to the date hereof, except as may be required 
by Applicable Laws;
  	  	 
  	(vi) 	properly reserve (and reflect such reserves in its books and 
records and financial statements) in accordance with past practice and in 
the Ordinary Course, for all Taxes accruing in respect of Patch which are 
not due or payable prior to the Effective Date;
  	  	 
  	(vii) 	not, directly or indirectly, reduce the amount or amend the 
characterization of any of its individual categories of tax attributes; and
  	  	 
  	(viii) 	not make any Tax filings outside the Ordinary Course, including 
making, amending or rescinding any Return, election or designation, without 
the consent of the Purchaser, such consent not to be unreasonably withheld,
  	  	 
  	except where the failure to comply with any of the foregoing, 
individually or collectively, would not have a Material Adverse Effect on 
Patch; and
 
  	(s) 	Patch shall provide to the Purchaser the Patch Working Capital 
Certificate by no later than 10:00 a.m. on the third last Business Day 
prior to the Effective Date.
 
3.3 	Mutual Covenants Regarding the Arrangement
 
From the date hereof until the earlier of the completion of the Arrangement 
and the termination of this Agreement in accordance with Article 7, each 
Party shall:
 
  	(a) 	use its reasonable commercial efforts to complete the Arrangement 
on or before December 30, 2016 and, in any event, no later than the Outside 
Date;
  	  	 
  	(b) 	use its reasonable commercial efforts to satisfy (or cause the 
satisfaction of) the conditions precedent to its obligations hereunder and 
to take, or cause to be taken, all other action and to do, or cause to be 
done, all other things necessary, proper or advisable under Applicable Laws 
to complete the Arrangement, including using reasonable commercial efforts 
to:
 
 
 
(i) 	obtain all necessary waivers, consents and approvals required to be 
obtained by it from other parties to loan agreements, leases and other 
contracts; and
  	  	 
  	(ii) 	obtain all necessary consents, assignments, waivers and amendments 
to or terminations of any instruments and Authorizations and take such 
measures as may be appropriate to fulfill its obligations hereunder and to 
carry out the transactions contemplated by this Agreement;
  	 	 

  	- 33 - 	 
 
  	(c) 	use its reasonable commercial efforts to effect all necessary 
registrations and filings and submissions of information requested by 
Governmental Authorities or required to be effected or submitted by it in 
connection with the Arrangement, and to obtain all necessary consents, 
waivers and approvals (including Regulatory Approvals) required to be 
obtained by it in connection with the Arrangement; and
  	  	 
  	(d) 	use its reasonable commercial efforts to cooperate with the other 
in connection with the performance by the other of their obligations under 
this Section 3.3 including to maintain ongoing communications as between 
representatives of the Parties.
 
3.4 	Patch’s Covenants Regarding Non-Solicitation
 
  	(a) 	Patch shall, and shall cause its subsidiaries and Representatives 
to immediately cease and terminate, and cause to be ceased and terminated, 
any solicitation, encouragement, discussion or negotiations commenced prior 
to the date of this Agreement with any person (other than the Purchaser) 
with respect to any inquiry, proposal or offer that constitutes, or may 
reasonably be expected to constitute or lead to, an Acquisition Proposal.
  	  	 
  	(b) 	Patch represents and warrants that it has not waived any 
confidentiality, standstill, non-disclosure or similar agreement or 
restriction to which it or any of its subsidiaries is a party and covenants 
and agrees that: (i) it shall take all necessary action to enforce each 
confidentiality, standstill, non-disclosure or similar agreement or 
restriction; and (ii) neither it, nor any of its subsidiaries nor any of 
their respective Representatives have released or will, without the prior 
written consent of the Purchaser (which may be withheld or delayed in the 
Purchaser’s sole and absolute discretion), release any person from, or 
waive, amend, suspend or otherwise modify such person’s obligations 
respecting Patch, or any of its subsidiaries, under any confidentiality, 
standstill, non-disclosure or similar agreement or restriction to which it 
or any of its subsidiaries is a party.
  	  	 
  	(c) 	If Patch or any of its subsidiaries or any of their respective 
Representatives receives or otherwise becomes aware of any inquiry, 
proposal or offer that constitutes or may reasonably be expected to 
constitute or lead to an Acquisition Proposal, Patch shall immediately 
notify the Purchaser, at first orally, and then promptly and in any event 
within 24 hours in writing, of:
 
 
 
(i) 	such Acquisition Proposal, inquiry, proposal, offer or request, 
including a description of its material terms and conditions and the 
identity of all persons making the Acquisition Proposal, inquiry, proposal, 
offer or request; and
  	  	 
  	(ii) 	at the Purchaser’s reasonable request, the status of developments 
and negotiations with respect to such Acquisition Proposal, inquiry, 
proposal, offer or request, including any changes, modifications or other 
amendments to any such Acquisition Proposal, inquiry, proposal, offer or 
request.
 
 
 
(d) 	Except as expressly provided in this Section 3.4, Patch shall not, 
directly or indirectly, do or authorize or permit any of its subsidiaries 
or Representatives, to do any of the following:
 
  	 	 

  	- 34 - 	 
 
  	(i) 	solicit, initiate, encourage or otherwise facilitate (including by 
way of furnishing or providing copies of, access to, or disclosure of, any 
confidential information, books or records of Patch or any of its 
subsidiaries or entering into any form of agreement, arrangement or 
understanding) any inquiry, proposal or offer that constitutes or may 
reasonably be expected to constitute or lead to, an Acquisition Proposal;
  	  	 
  	(ii) 	enter into or otherwise engage or participate in any discussions 
or negotiations with any person (other than the Purchaser) regarding any 
inquiry, proposal or offer that constitutes or may reasonably be expected 
to constitute or lead to, an Acquisition Proposal;
  	  	 
  	(iii) 	withdraw, amend, modify or qualify, or publicly propose or state 
an intention to withdraw, amend, modify or qualify, the Patch Board 
Recommendation;
  	  	 
  	(iv) 	accept, approve, endorse or recommend, or publicly propose to 
accept, approve, endorse or recommend, or take no position or remain 
neutral with respect to, any publicly announced or publicly proposed 
Acquisition Proposal (it being understood that publicly taking no position 
or a neutral position with respect to any Acquisition Proposal for a period 
of no more than three Business Days following the formal announcement of 
such Acquisition Proposal will not be considered to be in violation of this 
Section 3.4(d) provided the Patch Board has rejected such Acquisition 
Proposal and affirmed the Patch Board Recommendation before the end of such 
three Business Day period); or
  	  	 
  	(v) 	enter into or publicly propose to enter into any agreement in 
respect of an Acquisition Proposal (other than a confidentiality and 
standstill agreement referred to in Section 3.4(d)(vi)(D)).
  	  	 
  	provided, however, that notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this 
Section 3.4(d), if at any time prior to the Patch Meeting, Patch receives a 
written Acquisition Proposal, it may:
 
  	(vi) 	engage in or participate in discussions or negotiations with such 
person regarding such Acquisition Proposal, and may provide copies of, 
access to or disclosure of confidential information, books or records of 
Patch and its subsidiaries, if and only if:
 
  	(A) 	the Patch Board first determines in good faith, after consultation 
with its legal counsel, that such Acquisition Proposal constitutes or could 
reasonably be expected to lead to a Superior Proposal;
  	  	 
  	(B) 	such person was not restricted from making such Acquisition 
Proposal pursuant to an existing confidentiality, standstill, 
non-disclosure, use, business purpose or similar restriction with Patch or 
any of its subsidiaries;
  	  	 
  	(C) 	Patch has been, and continues to be, in compliance with its 
obligations under this Section 3.4;
  	  	 
  	(D) 	prior to providing any such copies, access, or disclosure, Patch 
enters into a confidentiality and standstill agreement with such person and 
any copies, access or disclosure provided to such person shall have already 
been (or simultaneously be) provided to the Purchaser; and
  	  	 
  	(E) 	Patch promptly provides the Purchaser with:
 
  	 	 

  	- 35 - 	 
 
  	(1) 	prior written notice stating Patch’s intention to participate in 
such discussions or negotiations and to provide such copies, access or 
disclosure; and
  	  	 
  	(2) 	prior to providing any such copies, access or disclosure, a true, 
complete and final executed copy of the confidentiality and standstill 
agreement referred to in Section 3.4(d)(vi)(D).
 
  	(e) 	If Patch receives an Acquisition Proposal that constitutes a 
Superior Proposal prior to approval of the Arrangement Resolution by the 
Patch Shareholders, the Patch Board, may enter into a definitive agreement 
with respect to such Acquisition Proposal, if and only if:
 
  	(i) 	the person making the Superior Proposal was not restricted from 
making such Superior Proposal pursuant to an existing confidentiality, 
standstill, non-disclosure or similar restriction;
  	  	 
  	(ii) 	Patch has been, and continues to be, in compliance with its 
obligations under this Section 3.4;
  	  	 
  	(iii) 	Patch has delivered to the Purchaser a written notice of the 
determination of the Patch Board that such Acquisition Proposal constitutes 
a Superior Proposal and of the intention of the Patch Board to enter into 
such definitive agreement with respect to such Superior Proposal, together 
with a written notice regarding the value and financial terms that the 
Patch Board has determined should be ascribed to any non-cash consideration 
offered under the Acquisition Proposal (the “Superior Proposal Notice”);
  	  	 
  	(iv) 	Patch has provided the Purchaser with a copy of the definitive 
agreement for the Superior Proposal and all supporting agreements, if any;
  	  	 
  	(v) 	at least three Business Days (the “Matching Period”) have elapsed 
from the date that is the later of the date on which the Purchaser received 
the Superior Proposal Notice and a copy of the proposed definitive 
agreement for the Superior Proposal from Patch;
  	  	 
  	(vi) 	during any Matching Period, the Purchaser has had the opportunity 
(but not the obligation), in accordance with Section 3.4(f) to offer to 
amend this Agreement and the Arrangement in order for such Acquisition 
Proposal to cease to be a Superior Proposal;
 
  	 	 

  	- 36 - 	 
 
  	(vii) 	if the Purchaser has offered to amend this Agreement and the 
Arrangement under Section 3.4(f), the Patch Board has determined in good 
faith, after consultation with their legal counsel, that such Acquisition 
Proposal continues to constitute a Superior Proposal compared to the terms 
of the Arrangement as proposed to be amended by the Purchaser under Section 
3.4(f);
  	  	 
  	(viii) 	after the Matching Period, the Patch Board has determined in 
good faith, after consultation with outside legal counsel that it is 
necessary for Patch to enter into a definitive agreement with respect to 
such Superior Proposal in order for the Patch Board to act in a manner 
consistent with its fiduciary duties.
 
  	(f) 	During the Matching Period, or such longer period as Patch may 
approve in writing for such purpose: (i) the Patch Board shall review any 
offer under Section 3.4(e)(vi) to amend the terms of this Agreement and the 
Arrangement in good faith in order to determine whether such proposal 
would, upon acceptance, result in the Acquisition Proposal previously 
constituting a Superior Proposal ceasing to be a Superior Proposal; and 
(ii) Patch shall negotiate in good faith with the Purchaser to make such 
amendments to the terms of this Agreement and the Arrangement as would 
enable the Purchaser to proceed with the transactions contemplated by this 
Agreement on such amended terms. If the Patch Board determines that such 
Acquisition Proposal would cease to be a Superior Proposal, it shall 
promptly so advise the Purchaser and the Parties shall amend this Agreement 
to reflect such offer, and shall take and cause to be taken all such 
actions as are necessary to give effect to the foregoing.
  	  	 
  	(g) 	Each successive amendment to any Acquisition Proposal shall 
constitute a new Acquisition Proposal for the purposes of this Section 3.4 
and, if applicable, the Purchaser shall be afforded a new three Business 
Day Matching Period from the later of the date on which the Purchaser 
received the Superior Proposal Notice and a copy of the proposed definitive 
agreement for the new Superior Proposal from Patch.
  	  	 
  	(h) 	The Patch Board shall promptly reaffirm the Patch Board 
Recommendation by press release after any Acquisition Proposal is publicly 
made if: (i) the Acquisition Proposal is determined not to be a Superior 
Proposal; or (ii) a proposed amendment to the terms of this Agreement as 
contemplated under Section 3.4(f) would result in an Acquisition Proposal 
no longer being a Superior Proposal. The Purchaser and its outside legal 
counsel shall be provided with a reasonable opportunity to review the form 
and content of any such press release and all reasonable amendments to such 
press release as requested by the Purchaser and its legal counsel shall be 
made to such press release.
  	  	 
  	(i) 	If Patch provides a Superior Proposal Notice to the Purchaser after 
a date that is less than three Business Days before the Patch Meeting, the 
Parties shall either proceed with or postpone the Patch Meeting, as 
determined by the Patch Board, acting reasonably in a manner consistent 
with its fiduciary duties, to a date that is not more than three Business 
Days after the scheduled date of the Patch Meeting but before the Outside 
Date, to the extent permitted by Applicable Law.
 
  	 	 

  	- 37 - 	 
 
  	(j) 	Patch may comply with MI 62-104 and similar provisions under 
Canadian Securities Laws relating to the provision of directors’ circulars’ 
and make appropriate disclosure with respect thereto to its 
securityholders.
  	  	 
  	(k) 	Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, Patch shall 
advise its Representatives of the prohibitions set out in this Section 3.4 
and any violation of the restrictions set forth in this Section 3.4 by any 
such Representative shall be deemed to be a breach of this Section 3.4 by 
Patch.
 
3.5 	Access to Information
 
  	(a) 	From and after the date hereof until the earlier of the Effective 
Time or the termination of this Agreement, the Purchaser shall, subject to 
compliance with Applicable Laws and the terms of any contracts, upon 
reasonable notice, provide Patch and its Representatives access, during 
normal business hours and at such other time or times as Patch and its 
Representatives may reasonably request, to its premises, books, contracts, 
records, properties and management personnel and shall furnish promptly to 
Patch all information concerning its business, properties and personnel as 
Patch may reasonably request.
  	  	 
  	(b) 	The Purchaser agrees to keep Patch fully apprised in a timely 
manner of every circumstance, action, occurrence or event occurring or 
arising after the date hereof that would be relevant and material to a 
prudent manager of the business and operations of Purchaser. The Purchaser 
shall confer with and obtain Patch’s approval (not to be unreasonably 
withheld or delayed) prior to taking action (other than in emergency 
situations) with respect to all material matters with respect to its 
business;
  	  	 
  	(c) 	Without limiting the generality of any of the other provisions of 
this Agreement, Purchaser shall make available or cause to be made 
available to Patch all land, legal, title documents and related files, 
books, papers, financial information, Authorizations, environmental audits, 
assessments and reports, all correspondence sent to or received by any 
Governmental Authority and pertinent documents or agreements, as reasonably 
requested by Patch.
  	  	 
  	(d) 	The Parties acknowledge and agree that all information provided by 
Purchaser to Patch and its Representatives pursuant to this Section 3.5 is 
strictly confidential.
 
3.6 	Resignations
 
Patch shall use its reasonable commercial efforts to obtain and deliver to 
the Purchaser at the Effective Time, resignations effective as of the 
Effective Time of all of the directors and officers of Patch and its 
subsidiaries as requested by the Purchaser. Such resignations shall be 
received in consideration for the Purchaser and Patch providing releases 
to, and receiving releases from, each such person (the “Mutual Releases”), 
which Mutual Releases shall be in a form mutually acceptable to the 
Purchaser and Patch, acting reasonably, and contain exceptions for amounts 
or obligations owing to such directors and/or officers, including payments 
due pursuant to the Arrangement as a Patch Common Shareholder and other 
compensation or pursuant to directors’ and officers’ indemnities or 
insurance arrangements.
 
  	 	 

  	- 38 - 	 
 
Article 4
REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES
 
4.1 	Representations and Warranties of the Purchaser
 
  	(a) 	Except as qualified by the Purchaser Disclosure Letter (which shall 
make reference to the applicable section in respect of which such 
qualification is being made), the Purchaser hereby makes to Patch the 
representations and warranties set forth in Schedule C hereto and 
acknowledges that Patch is relying upon such representations and warranties 
in connection with the entering into of this Agreement and the carrying out 
of the Arrangement.
  	  	 
  	(b) 	Any investigation by Patch and its advisors shall not mitigate, 
diminish or affect the representations and warranties of the Purchaser 
pursuant to this Agreement.
  	  	 
  	(c) 	The representations and warranties of the Purchaser contained in 
this Agreement shall expire and be terminated on the earlier of the 
Effective Date and the date on which this Agreement is terminated, provided 
that such termination shall not affect any claim arising from a breach of 
any such representations or warranties arising prior to termination.
 
4.2 	Representations and Warranties of Patch
 
  	(a) 	Except as qualified by the Patch Disclosure Letter (which shall 
make reference to the applicable section in respect of which such 
qualification is being made) or as set forth in the Patch Public Record, 
Patch hereby makes to the Purchaser the representations and warranties set 
forth in Schedule D hereto and acknowledges that the Purchaser is relying 
upon such representations and warranties in connection with the entering 
into of this Agreement and the carrying out of the Arrangement.
  	  	 
  	(b) 	Any investigation by the Purchaser and its advisors shall not 
mitigate, diminish or affect the representations and warranties of Patch 
pursuant to this Agreement.
  	  	 
  	(c) 	The representations and warranties of Patch contained in this 
Agreement shall expire and be terminated on the earlier of the Effective 
Date and the date on which this Agreement is terminated, provided that such 
termination shall not affect any claim arising from a breach of any such 
representations or warranties arising prior to termination.
 
Article 5
CONDITIONS PRECEDENT
 
5.1 	Mutual Conditions Precedent
 
The respective obligations of the Parties to consummate the transactions 
contemplated by this Agreement, and in particular the completion of the 
Arrangement, are subject to the satisfaction, on or before the Effective 
Date or such other time specified, of the following conditions, any of 
which may be waived by the mutual written consent of such Parties without 
prejudice to their right to rely on any other of such conditions:
 
  	 	 

  	- 39 - 	 
 
  	(a) 	the Interim Order and Final Order shall have been granted on terms 
consistent with this Agreement, and shall not have been set aside or 
modified in a manner unacceptable to either of the Parties, each acting 
reasonably, on appeal or otherwise;
  	  	 
  	(b) 	the Arrangement Resolution shall have been passed by the Patch 
Shareholders in accordance with the Interim Order;
  	  	 
  	(c) 	the Effective Date shall have occurred on or before the Outside 
Date;
  	  	 
  	(d) 	all Regulatory Approvals and third party approvals and consents 
necessary for the completion of the Arrangement the failure of which to 
obtain would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on 
the Purchaser (after giving effect to the Arrangement) or prevent or 
materially impair or materially delay or could reasonably be expected to 
prevent or materially impair or delay the ability of either Party to 
consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement by the Outside 
Date shall have been obtained on terms and conditions satisfactory to the 
Parties, each acting reasonably;
  	  	 
  	(e) 	no action shall have been taken under any existing Applicable Law 
or regulation, nor any statute, rule, regulation or order which is enacted, 
enforced, promulgated or issued by any Governmental Authority that:
 
  	(i) 	makes illegal or otherwise directly or indirectly restrains, 
enjoins or prohibits the Arrangement or any other transactions contemplated 
by this Agreement; or
  	  	 
  	(ii) 	results in a judgment or assessment of material damages against 
the Parties or their subsidiaries, directly or indirectly, relating to the 
transactions contemplated by this Agreement that would have a Material 
Adverse Effect upon the Purchaser (after giving effect to the Arrangement) 
or prevent or materially impair or materially delay or could reasonably be 
expected to prevent or materially impair or delay the ability of either 
Party to consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement by the 
Outside Date.
 
The foregoing conditions are for the mutual benefit of the Parties and may 
be asserted by either Party regardless of the circumstances and may be 
waived by either Party (with respect to such Party) in their sole 
discretion, in whole or in part, at any time and from time to time without 
prejudice to any other rights which such Party may have.
 
5.2 	Additional Conditions to Obligations of the Purchaser
 
The obligation of the Purchaser to consummate the transactions contemplated 
by this Agreement, and in particular to complete the Arrangement, is 
subject to the satisfaction, on or before the Effective Date or such other 
time specified, of the following conditions:
 
  	(a) 	all covenants of Patch under this Agreement to be performed on or 
before the Effective Date shall have been duly complied with or performed 
by Patch in all material respects; and the Purchaser shall have received a 
certificate of Patch addressed to the Purchaser dated the Effective Date, 
signed on behalf of Patch by an officer of Patch (on Patch’s behalf and 
without personal liability), confirming the same as at the Effective Date;
 
  	 	 

  	- 40 - 	 
 
  	(b) 	the representations and warranties of Patch set forth in this 
Agreement shall be true and correct (for representations and warranties 
qualified as to materiality, true and correct in all respects, and for all 
other representations and warranties, true and correct in all material 
respects) as of the Effective Date, as though made on and as of the 
Effective Date (except for representations and warranties made as of a 
specified date, the accuracy of which shall be determined as of that 
specified date), except where any inaccuracy in such representations and 
warranties, individually or in the aggregate, would not or would not 
reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on Patch or the 
Purchaser (after giving effect to the Arrangement) or prevent or materially 
impair or materially delay or could reasonably be expected to prevent or 
materially impair or delay the ability of Patch to consummate the 
transactions contemplated by this Agreement by the Outside Date; and the 
Purchaser shall have received a certificate of Patch addressed to the 
Purchaser and dated the Effective Date, signed on behalf of Patch by an 
officer of Patch (on Patch’s behalf and without personal liability), 
confirming the same as at the Effective Date;
  	  	 
  	(c) 	Patch shall have furnished the Purchaser with:
 
  	(i) 	certified copies of the resolutions duly passed by the Patch Board 
approving this Agreement and the consummation of the transactions 
contemplated by this Agreement; and
  	  	 
  	(ii) 	a certified copy of the Arrangement Resolution;
 
  	(d) 	there shall be no proceedings against or involving Patch or Patch 
Energy, or in respect of the business or assets of Patch or Patch Energy 
(whether in progress or, to the knowledge of Patch, threatened), that if 
adversely determined, would reasonably be expected to have a Material 
Adverse Effect on Patch and there shall be no judgment, writ, decree, 
injunction, rule, award or order of any Governmental Authority outstanding 
against Patch or Patch Energy, in respect of their business or assets that 
has had or would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect 
on Patch or the Purchaser (after giving effect to the Arrangement) or 
prevent or materially impair or materially delay or could reasonably be 
expected to prevent or materially impair or delay the ability of either 
Party to consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement by the 
Outside Date;
  	  	 
  	(e) 	all of the outstanding Patch Exchangeable Shares shall have been 
redeemed and the Patch Voting Trust Agreement terminated;
  	  	 
  	(f) 	on the Effective Date, each of the directors, officers or 
consultants of Patch and its subsidiaries who are required by Section 3.6 
to deliver resignations and/or Mutual Releases to the Purchaser shall have 
done so and such resignations and Mutual Releases shall remain in effect; 
and
  	  	 
  	(g) 	no Material Adverse Change shall have occurred in relation to Patch 
after the date hereof and prior to the Effective Date.
 
  	 	 

  	- 41 - 	 
 
The conditions in this Section 5.2 are for the exclusive benefit of the 
Purchaser and may be asserted by the Purchaser regardless of the 
circumstances or may be waived by the Purchaser in its sole discretion, in 
whole or in part, at any time and from time to time without prejudice to 
any other rights which the Purchaser may have.
 
5.3 	Additional Conditions to Obligations of Patch
 
The obligation of Patch to consummate the transactions contemplated by this 
Agreement, and in particular to complete the Arrangement, is subject to the 
satisfaction, on or before the Effective Date or such other time specified, 
of the following conditions:
 
  	(a) 	all covenants of the Purchaser under this Agreement to be performed 
on or before the Effective Date shall have been duly complied with or 
performed by the Purchaser in all material respects; and Patch shall have 
received a certificate of the Purchaser addressed to Patch dated the 
Effective Date, signed on behalf of the Purchaser by an officer of the 
Purchaser (on the Purchaser’s behalf and without personal liability), 
confirming the same as at the Effective Date;
  	  	 
  	(b) 	the representations and warranties of the Purchaser set forth in 
this Agreement shall be true and correct (for representations and 
warranties qualified as to materiality, true and correct in all respects, 
and for all other representations and warranties, true and correct in all 
material respects) as of the Effective Date, as though made on and as of 
the Effective Date (except for representations and warranties made as of a 
specified date, the accuracy of which shall be determined as of that 
specified date), except where any inaccuracy in such representations and 
warranties, individually or in the aggregate, would not or would not 
reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on the Purchaser 
or prevent or materially impair or materially delay or could reasonably be 
expected to prevent or materially impair or delay the ability of either 
Party to consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement by the 
Outside Date; and Patch shall have received a certificate of the Purchaser 
addressed to Patch and dated the Effective Date, signed on behalf of the 
Purchaser by an officer of the Purchaser (on the Purchaser’s behalf and 
without personal liability), confirming the same as at the Effective Date;
  	  	 
  	(c) 	the Purchaser shall have furnished Patch with certified copies of 
the resolutions duly passed by the Purchaser Board approving this Agreement 
and the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, 
which resolutions must be valid and subsisting;
  	  	 
  	(d) 	on the Effective Date the Purchaser shall have provided a Mutual 
Release to all of the directors, officers and consultants of Patch and 
Patch Energy who have provided a Mutual Release to the Purchaser and all 
payments due to such persons shall have been made;
  	  	 
  	(e) 	if applicable, on the Effective Date the Purchaser shall have 
entered into the Rights Indenture and as of the Effective Date shall be 
legal, valid and binding on the parties thereto and in full force and 
effect and enforceable by the parties in accordance with its terms, and 
Patch shall have received a certificate of the Purchaser addressed to Patch 
and dated the Effective Date, signed on behalf of the Purchaser by an 
officer of the Purchaser (on the Purchaser’s behalf and without personal 
liability), confirming the same as at the Effective Date, and the terms of 
such agreement shall be satisfactory to Patch, acting reasonably;
 
  	 	 

  	- 42 - 	 
 
  	(f) 	the Acquisition Agreement shall be legal, valid and binding on the 
parties thereto and in full force and effect and enforceable by the 
Purchaser in accordance with its terms, and Patch shall have received a 
certificate of the Purchaser addressed to Patch and dated the Effective 
Date, signed on behalf of the Purchaser by an officer of the Purchaser (on 
the Purchaser’s behalf and without personal liability), confirming the same 
as at the Effective Date, and the terms of such agreement shall be 
satisfactory to Patch, acting reasonably;
  	  	 
  	(g) 	each of the Real Property Agreements shall be legal, valid and 
binding on the parties thereto and in full force and effect and enforceable 
by the Purchaser in accordance with its terms, and Patch shall have 
received a certificate of the Purchaser addressed to Patch and dated the 
Effective Date, signed on behalf of the Purchaser by an officer of the 
Purchaser (on the Purchaser’s behalf and without personal liability), 
confirming the same as at the Effective Date, and the terms of such 
agreements shall be satisfactory to Patch, acting reasonably;
 
  	(h) 	the Purchaser shall have closed the Private Placement for gross 
proceeds of not less than US$1,000,000, and Patch shall have received a 
certificate of the Purchaser addressed to Patch and dated the Effective 
Date, signed on behalf of the Purchaser by an officer of the Purchaser (on 
the Purchaser’s behalf and without personal liability), confirming the same 
as at the Effective Date;
  	  	 
  	(i) 	(i) the Material Permits shall be valid and in full force and 
effect, (ii) there shall not have been any suspension, cessation or 
termination of any Material Permits, and (iii) there shall not have been 
any threat or investigation relating to any of the Material Permits, and 
Patch shall have received a certificate of the Purchaser addressed to Patch 
and dated the Effective Date, signed on behalf of the Purchaser by an 
officer of the Purchaser (on the Purchaser’s behalf and without personal 
liability), confirming the same as at the Effective Date; and
 
  	(j) 	the Purchaser shall have complied with its obligations under 
Section 3.1(l).
 
The conditions in this Section 5.3 are for the exclusive benefit of Patch 
and may be asserted by Patch regardless of the circumstances or may be 
waived by Patch in its sole discretion, in whole or in part, at any time 
and from time to time without prejudice to any other rights which Patch may 
have.
 
5.4 	Notice and Effect of Failure to Comply with Conditions
 
  	(a) 	Each Party shall give prompt notice to the other of the occurrence, 
or failure to occur, at any time from the date hereof until the earlier to 
occur of the termination of this Agreement and the Effective Time, of any 
event or state of facts which occurrence or failure would, or would be 
likely to: (i) cause any of the representations or warranties of such Party 
contained herein to be untrue or inaccurate in any material respect on the 
date hereof or at the Effective Time; or (ii) result in the failure to 
comply with or satisfy any covenant, condition or agreement to be complied 
with or satisfied by any Party hereunder prior to the Effective Time.
  	  	 
  	(b) 	Notifications provided under this Section 5.4 will not affect the 
representations, warranties, covenants, agreements or obligations of the 
Parties (or remedies with respect thereto) or the conditions to the 
obligations of the Parties under this Agreement.
 
  	 	 

  	- 43 - 	 
 
  	(c) 	The Purchaser may not elect to exercise its right to terminate this 
Agreement pursuant to Section 7.1(d)(i) and Patch may not elect to exercise 
its right to terminate this Agreement pursuant to Section 7.1(c)(i), unless 
the Party seeking to terminate the Agreement (the “Terminating Party”) has 
delivered a written notice (“Termination Notice”) to the other Party (the “
Breaching Party”) specifying in reasonable detail all breaches of 
covenants, representations and warranties or other matters which the 
Terminating Party asserts as the basis for termination. After delivering a 
Termination Notice, provided the Breaching Party is proceeding diligently 
to cure such matter and such matter is capable of being cured prior to the 
Outside Date (with any intentional breach being deemed to be incurable), 
the Terminating Party may not exercise such termination right until the 
earlier of: (i) the Outside Date; and (ii) if such matter has not been 
cured by the date that is seven Business Days following receipt of such 
Termination Notice by the Breaching Party, such date. If the Terminating 
Party delivers a Termination Notice prior to the date of the Patch Meeting, 
unless the Parties agree otherwise, Patch shall, to the extent permitted by 
Applicable Laws, postpone or adjourn the Patch Meeting to the earlier of: 
(i) three Business Days prior to the Outside Date; and (ii) the date that 
is seven Business Days following receipt of such Termination Notice by the 
Breaching Party.
 
5.5 	Satisfaction of Conditions
 
The conditions set out in this Article 5 are conclusively deemed to have 
been satisfied, waived or released when, with the agreement of the Parties, 
Articles of Arrangement are filed under the ABCA to give effect to the 
Arrangement.
 
Article 6
AMENDMENT
 
6.1 	Amendment
 
This Agreement may, at any time and from time to time, before or after the 
holding of the Patch Meeting, be amended by written agreement of the 
Parties, subject to the Interim Order, the Final Order and Applicable Laws, 
without further notice to or authorization on the part of the Patch 
Shareholders provided that no such amendment reduces or adversely affects 
the consideration to be received by a Patch Shareholder without approval by 
the Patch Shareholders given in the same manner as required for the 
approval of the Arrangement or as may be ordered by the Court.
 
6.2 	Waiver
 
Patch, on the one hand, and the Purchaser, on the other hand, may:
 
  	 	 

  	- 44 - 	 
 
  	(a) 	extend the time for the performance of any of the obligations or 
acts of the other;
  	  	 
  	(b) 	waive compliance with any of the other’s agreements or the 
fulfillment of any conditions to its own obligations contained herein; or
  	  	 
  	(c) 	waive inaccuracies in any of the other’s representations or 
warranties contained herein or in any document delivered by the other;
 
provided, however, that any such extension or waiver shall be valid only if 
set forth in an instrument in writing signed on behalf of such Parties and, 
unless otherwise provided in the written waiver, will be limited to the 
specific breach, covenant or condition waived. A Party’s failure or delay 
in exercising any right under this Agreement shall not operate as a waiver 
of that right. A single or partial exercise of any right shall not preclude 
a Party from any other further exercise of that right or the exercise of 
any other right.
 
Article 7
TERMINATION
 
7.1 	Termination
 
This Agreement may be terminated at any time prior to the Effective Date:
 
  	(a) 	by mutual written agreement of the Parties;
  	  	 
  	(b) 	by either Patch or the Purchaser if:
 
  	(i) 	the Arrangement Resolution has not been passed by the Patch 
Shareholders at the Patch Meeting in accordance with the Interim Order 
provided that a Party may not terminate this Agreement pursuant to this 
Section 7.1(b)(i) if the failure to so pass the Arrangement Resolution has 
been caused by, or is a result of, a breach by such Party of any of its 
representations or warranties or the failure of such Party to perform any 
of its covenants or agreements under this Agreement;
  	  	 
  	(ii) 	after the date of this Agreement, any Applicable Laws is enacted, 
made, enforced or amended, as applicable, that makes the consummation of 
the Arrangement illegal or otherwise permanently prohibits or enjoins Patch 
or the Purchaser from consummating the Arrangement, and such Applicable 
Laws has become final and non-appealable; or
  	  	 
  	(iii) 	the Effective Time does not occur on or prior to the Outside 
Date, provided that a Party may not terminate this Agreement pursuant to 
this Section 7.1(b)(iii) if the failure of the Effective Time to so occur 
has been caused by, or is a result of, a breach by such Party of any of its 
representations or warranties or the failure of such Party to perform any 
of its covenants or agreements under this Agreement.
 
  	(c) 	by the Purchaser if:
 
  	(i) 	a breach of any representation or warranty or failure to perform 
any covenant or agreement on the part of Patch under this Agreement occurs 
that would cause any condition in Section 5.1 or Section 5.2 not to be 
satisfied, and such breach or failure is incapable of being cured on or 
prior to the Outside Date or is not cured in accordance with the terms of 
Section 5.4(c); provided that the Purchaser is not then in breach of this 
Agreement so as to cause any condition in Section 5.1 or 5.3 not to be 
satisfied;
  	  	 
  	(ii) 	if any of the events described in paragraphs (A) through (E) below 
occurs:
 
  	 	 

  	- 45 - 	 
 
  	(A) 	the Patch Board or any committee of the Patch Board fails to 
unanimously (excluding directors who have recused themselves as described 
in Section 2.5) recommend or withdraws, amends, modifies or qualifies, 
publicly proposes or states its intention to do so, or fails to publicly 
reaffirm (without qualification) within three Business Days after having 
been requested in writing by the Purchaser to do so, the Patch Board 
Recommendation, or takes no position or a neutral position with respect to 
an Acquisition Proposal in respect of Patch for more than three Business 
Days after first learning of an Acquisition Proposal (unless the Purchaser 
is then in material breach of its obligation hereunder and such failure, 
withdrawal, amendment, modification or qualification relates to such 
breach);
  	  	 
  	(B) 	the Patch Board or any committee of the Patch Board accepts, 
approves, endorses or recommends to the Patch Shareholders, an Acquisition 
Proposal or recommends that the Patch Shareholders deposit their Patch 
Shares under, vote in favour of, or otherwise accept an Acquisition 
Proposal;
  	  	 
  	(C) 	Patch enters into an agreement (other than a confidentiality 
agreement permitted by and in accordance with Section 3.4(d)(vi)(D)) with 
respect to an Acquisition Proposal;
  	  	 
  	(D) 	Patch wilfully or intentionally breaches Section 3.4(d) in any 
respect; or
  	  	 
  	(E) 	resolves or proposes to take any of the foregoing actions; or
 
  	(iii) 	after the date of this Agreement there has occurred a Material 
Adverse Change in respect of Patch.
 
  	(d) 	by Patch if:
 
  	(i) 	a breach of any representation or warranty or failure to perform 
any covenant or agreement on the part of the Purchaser under this Agreement 
occurs that would cause any condition in Section 5.1 or Section 5.3 not to 
be satisfied, and such breach or failure is incapable of being cured or is 
not cured on or prior to the Outside Date in accordance with the terms of 
Section 5.4(c); provided that Patch is not then in breach of this Agreement 
so as to cause any condition in Section 5.1 or Section 5.2 not to be 
satisfied;
  	  	 
  	(ii) 	prior to the approval by the Patch Shareholders of the Arrangement 
Resolution, the Patch Board authorizes Patch to enter into a written 
agreement (other than a confidentiality agreement permitted by and in 
accordance with Section 3.4(d)(vi)(D)) with respect to a Superior Proposal, 
provided Patch is then in compliance with Section 3.4; or
  	  	 
  	(iii) 	after the date of this Agreement there has occurred a Material 
Adverse Change in respect of the Purchaser.
 
  	 	 

  	- 46 - 	 
 
7.2 	Effect of Termination/Survival
 
If this Agreement is terminated pursuant to Section 7.1, this Agreement 
shall become void and of no further force or effect without liability of 
any Party (or any Representative of such Party) to any other Party to this 
Agreement, except with respect to the obligations set forth in or as 
otherwise specified in Sections 1.5, 7.1, 7.2, 8.1, 9.1, 9.2, 9.3, 9.4, 9.6 
and 9.7, and provided further that no Party shall be relieved of any 
liability for any wilful and material breach by it of this Agreement.
 
Article 8
NOTICES
 
8.1 	Notices
 
All notices which may or are required to be given pursuant to any provision 
of this Agreement are to be given or made in writing and served personally 
or sent by facsimile or email transmission and in the case of:
 
  	(a) 	The Purchaser, addressed to:
 
Stem Holdings, Inc.
c/o The Law Offices of Robert Diener
41 Ulua Place
Haiku, HI 96708
 
Attention: Adam Berk
Facsimile: (310) 362-8887
Email: alb9370@gmail.com
 
with a copy to (which shall not constitute notice):
 
The Law Offices of Robert Diener
41 Ulua Place
Haiku, HI 96708
 
Attention: Robert L.B. Diener
Facsimile: (310) 362-8887
Email: rob@rdienerlaw.com
 
  	 	 

  	- 47 - 	 
 
  	(b) 	Patch, addressed to:
 
Patch International Inc.
c/o Dentons Canada LLP
15th Floor, Bankers Court
850 – 2nd Street SW
Calgary, AB T2P 0R8
 
Attention: Mark Bentsen
Facsimile: (403) 268-3100
Email: mbentsen@shaw.ca
 
with a copy to (which shall not constitute notice):
 
Dentons Canada LLP
15th Floor, Bankers Court
850 – 2nd Street SW
Calgary, AB T2P 0R8
 
Attention: Lucas Tomei
Facsimile: (403) 268-3100
Email: lucas.tomei@dentons.com
 
or such other address as the Parties may, from time to time, advise to the 
other Party hereto by notice in writing. The date or time of receipt of any 
such notice shall be deemed to be the date of delivery or the time such 
facsimile or email transmission is received.
 
Article 9
GENERAL
 
9.1 	Assignment and Enurement
 
This Agreement shall be binding upon and enure to the benefit of the 
Parties and their respective successors and permitted assigns. This 
Agreement may not be assigned by the Purchaser without the prior consent of 
Patch, except that the Purchaser may assign all or a portion of its rights 
under this Agreement to any subsidiary of the Purchaser, but no assignment 
shall relieve the Purchaser of any of its obligations hereunder. This 
Agreement may not be assigned by Patch without the prior consent of the 
Purchaser.
 
9.2 	Costs
 
Except as contemplated herein, each Party covenants and agrees to bear its 
own fees, costs and expenses in connection with the transactions 
contemplated by this Agreement and the Arrangement.
 
9.3 	Severability
 
If any term or provision of this Agreement should be or become invalid, 
illegal or unenforceable in any respect in any jurisdiction, the remaining 
terms and provisions contained herein shall remain in full force and effect 
so long as the economic or legal substance of the transactions contemplated 
hereby is not affected in any manner materially adverse to any Party. Upon 
such determination that any term or other provision is invalid, illegal or 
incapable of being enforced, the Parties shall negotiate in good faith to 
modify this Agreement so as to effect the original intent of the Parties as 
closely as possible in an acceptable manner to the end that the 
transactions contemplated hereby are fulfilled to the fullest extent 
possible.
 
  	 	 

  	- 48 - 	 
 
9.4 	Further Assurances
 
Each Party hereto shall, from time to time and at all times hereafter, at 
the request of the other Party hereto, but without further consideration, 
do all such further acts and things, and execute and deliver all such 
further documents and instruments and provide all such further assurances 
as may be reasonably required in order to fully perform and carry out the 
terms and intent hereof.
 
9.5 	Time of Essence
 
Time shall be of the essence of this Agreement.
 
9.6 	Governing Law
 
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the 
laws of the Province of Alberta and the laws of Canada applicable therein 
and the Parties hereto irrevocably attorn to the jurisdiction of the courts 
of the Province of Alberta.
 
9.7 	Third Party Beneficiaries
 
The provisions of Sections 2.3(e), 2.3(f) and 2.10 are: (i) intended for 
the benefit of all present and former directors, officers and employees of 
Patch and the Purchaser and their respective subsidiaries, as the case may 
be, as and to the extent applicable in accordance with their terms, and 
shall be enforceable by each of such persons and his heirs, executors, 
administrators and other legal representatives (collectively, the “Third 
Party Beneficiaries”) and the Purchaser or Patch, as the case may be, shall 
hold the rights and benefits of Sections 2.3(e), 2.3(f) and 2.10 in trust 
for and on behalf of the Third Party Beneficiaries and the Purchaser or 
Patch, as the case may be, hereby accepts such trust and agrees to hold the 
benefit of and enforce performance of such covenants on behalf of the Third 
Party Beneficiaries; and (ii) are in addition to, and not in substitution 
for, any other rights that the Third Party Beneficiaries may have by 
contract or otherwise.
 
9.8 	Injunctive Relief
 
The Parties agree that irreparable harm would occur for which money damages 
would not be an adequate remedy at law in the event that any of the 
provisions of this Agreement were not performed in accordance with their 
specific terms or were otherwise breached. It is accordingly agreed that, 
before the termination of this Agreement pursuant to Section 7.1, the 
Parties shall be entitled to equitable relief, including specific 
performance and injunctive relief, to prevent breaches or threatened 
breaches of this Agreement, and to enforce compliance with the terms of 
this Agreement, any requirement for the security or posting of a bond in 
connection with obtaining such relief being hereby waived. The rights in 
this Section 9.8 are this being in addition to any other remedy to which 
the Parties may be entitled at law or in equity.
 
9.9 	Counterparts
 
This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts and, each of 
which shall be deemed an original, and all of which together constitute one 
and the same instrument. The Parties shall be entitled to rely upon the 
delivery of an executed facsimile or similar executed electronic copy of 
this Agreement, and such facsimile or similar executed electronic document 
shall be legally effective to create a valid and binding agreement between 
the Parties.
 
9.10 	Survival
 
The representations and warranties contained herein shall terminate on, and 
may not be relied upon, by either Party after the Effective Time.
 
[The remainder of this page has intentionally been left blank]
 
  	 	 

  	- 49 - 	 
 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF the Parties have caused this Agreement to be executed as 
of the date first above written by their respective officers or directors 
thereunto duly authorized.
 
  	STEM HOLDINGS, INC.
  	 
  	By: 	(signed) “Adam Berk”
  	Name: 	Adam Berk
  	Title: 	Chief Executive Officer and President
 
 
  	PATCH INTERNATIONAL INC.
  	 
  	By: 	(signed) “Mark Bentsen”
  	Name: 	Mark Bentsen
  	Title: 	Director
 
  	 	 

  	 	 
 
SCHEDULE a
 
PLAN OF ARRANGEMENT
 
Plan of Arrangement under Section 193
of the
Business Corporations Act (Alberta)
 
ARTICLE 1
INTERPRETATION
 
1.1 In this Plan of Arrangement, the following terms have the following 
meanings:
 
  	(a) 	“ABCA” means the Business Corporations Act, R.S.A. 2000, c.B-9, as 
from time to time amended or re-enacted, including the regulations 
promulgated thereunder.
  	  	 
  	(b) 	“Additional Consideration” means for each Patch Common Share held: 
(i) if any Patch Note Collection Proceeds are received on or before 10:00 
a.m. (MT) on the third last Business Day prior to the Effective Date, the 
aggregate of each Patch Note Collection Payment Per Share; and (ii) if the 
Patch Note Collection has not been completed in full satisfaction of all 
amounts owing under the Patch Note on or before 10:00 a.m. (MT) on the 
third last Business Day prior to the Effective Date, one CVR.
  	  	 
  	(c) 	“Aggregate Additional Consideration” means the aggregate amount of 
Additional Consideration to be paid to Patch Shareholders at the Effective 
Time.
  	  	 
  	(d) 	“Aggregate Purchaser Share Consideration” means that number of 
Purchaser Shares as is equal to the quotient obtained when dividing the 
Patch Working Capital by the deemed price for each Purchaser Share, being 
US$2.40.
  	  	 
  	(e) 	“Arrangement” means the arrangement pursuant to Section 193 of the 
ABCA on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in this Plan of 
Arrangement, subject to any amendments or variations thereto made in 
accordance with the provisions of this Plan of Arrangement or made at the 
direction of the Court in the Final Order.
  	  	 
  	(f) 	“Arrangement Agreement” means the arrangement agreement dated 
November 11, 2016, between the Purchaser and Patch with respect to the 
Arrangement and all amendments thereto.
  	  	 
  	(g) 	“Arrangement Resolution” means the special resolution to approve 
the Arrangement to be considered by Patch Shareholders at the Patch 
Meeting.
  	  	 
  	(h) 	“Articles of Arrangement” means the articles of arrangement in 
respect of the Arrangement required under Section 193(10) of the ABCA to be 
filed with the Registrar after the Final Order has been granted giving 
effect to the Arrangement.
  	  	 
  	(i) 	“Business Day” means any day, other than Saturday, Sunday or a 
statutory holiday in the Province of Alberta.
 
  	 	 

  	- 2 - 	 
 
  	(j) 	“Certificate” means the certificate or proof of filing to be issued 
by the Registrar pursuant to Section 193(11) or Section 193(12) of the ABCA 
in respect of the Articles of Arrangement giving effect to the Arrangement.
  	  	 
  	(k) 	“Circular” means the notice of the Patch Meeting and the 
accompanying management proxy circular and proxy statement to be sent by 
Patch to the Patch Shareholders in connection with the Patch Meeting, 
together with all appendices, schedules and exhibits thereto and any 
financial statements contained therein, and any amendments or supplements 
thereto.
  	  	 
  	(l) 	“Consideration” means for each Patch Common Share held: (i) the 
Purchaser Share Consideration, and (ii) the Additional Consideration.
  	  	 
  	(m) 	“Court” means the Court of Queen’s Bench of Alberta.
  	  	 
  	(n) 	“CVR” means a contingent value right of the Purchaser issued 
pursuant to the Rights Indenture and entitling the holder thereof to each 
Patch Note Collection Payment Per Share upon receipt of Patch Note 
Collection Proceeds at any time and from time to time after the Effective 
Time.
  	  	 
  	(o) 	“Depositary” means Computershare Trust Company of Canada or such 
other person that may be appointed by the Purchaser for the purpose of 
receiving deposits of certificates formerly representing Patch Shares, with 
the approval of Patch, acting reasonably.
  	  	 
  	(p) 	“Dissent Rights” means the right of a registered Patch Shareholder 
to dissent to the Arrangement Resolution and to be paid the fair value of 
the Patch Shares in respect of which such holder dissents, all in 
accordance with section 191 of the ABCA as modified by this Plan of 
Arrangement and the Interim Order.
  	  	 
  	(q) 	“Dissenting Shareholders” means registered Patch Shareholders who 
have duly and validly exercised their Dissent Rights in strict compliance 
with the terms thereof and who have not withdrawn or been deemed to have 
withdrawn such exercise of Dissent Rights and who are ultimately determined 
to be entitled to be paid the fair value for their Patch Shares.
  	  	 
  	(r) 	“Effective Date” means the date the Arrangement becomes effective 
under the ABCA, being the date shown on the Certificate.
  	  	 
  	(s) 	“Effective Time” means 12:01 a.m. (Calgary time) on the Effective 
Date.
  	  	 
  	(t) 	“Encumbrance” means any mortgage, pledge, assignment for security, 
charge, lien, security interest, guarantee or other encumbrance or 
collateral securing the payment obligations of any person, and any 
agreement, right, privilege, or arrangement (whether by law, contract or 
otherwise) capable of becoming any of the foregoing.
  	  	 
  	(u) 	“Final Order” means the final order of the Court approving the 
Arrangement pursuant to paragraph 193(9)(a) of the ABCA, as such order may 
be affirmed, amended or modified by any court of competent jurisdiction.
 
  	 	 

  	- 3 - 	 
 
  	(v) 	“Former Patch Shareholder” means a registered Patch Shareholder 
immediately prior to the Effective Time or any person who surrenders to the 
Depositary certificates representing Patch Shares duly endorsed for 
transfer in accordance with the provisions set forth in the Letter of 
Transmittal, in each case other than a Dissenting Shareholder.
  	  	 
  	(w) 	“GAAP” means the accounting principles generally accepted in Canada 
determined with reference to the Handbook and in accordance with 
International Financial Reporting Standards as issued by the International 
Accounting Standards Board under Part I of the Handbook, applicable as at 
the date on which date such calculation is made or required to be made in 
accordance with generally accepted accounting principles applied on a basis 
consistent with preceding years.
  	  	 
  	(x) 	“Governmental Authority” means: (i) any international, 
multinational, federal, provincial, state, regional, municipal, local or 
other government, governmental or public department, ministry, central 
bank, court, tribunal, arbitral body, commission, commissioner, board, 
bureau or agency, domestic or foreign; (ii) any subdivision, agency, agent 
or authority of any of the foregoing; (iii) any quasi-governmental or 
private body, including any tribunal, commission, regulatory agency or 
self-regulatory organization, exercising any regulatory, expropriation or 
taxing authority under or for the account of any of the foregoing; or (iv) 
any stock exchange.
  	  	 
  	(y) 	“Interim Order” means the interim order of the Court pursuant to 
Section 193(4) of the ABCA containing declarations and directions with 
respect to the Arrangement and the calling and the holding of the Patch 
Meeting, as such order may be affirmed, amended or modified by any court of 
competent jurisdiction.
  	  	 
  	(z) 	“Letter of Transmittal” means the Letter of Transmittal forwarded 
to Patch Shareholders pursuant to which Patch Shareholders may deliver 
certificates representing Patch Shares in order to receive, on completion 
of the Arrangement, Purchaser Shares in exchange for their Patch Shares.
  	  	 
  	(aa) 	“Parties” means Patch and the Purchaser; and “Party” means either 
one of them.
  	  	 
  	(bb) 	“Patch” means Patch International Inc., a corporation existing 
under the ABCA.
  	  	 
  	(cc) 	“Patch Common Shares” means the Class “A” common shares in the 
capital of Patch issued and outstanding from time to time, and for greater 
certainty, includes those Class “A” common shares in the capital of Patch 
to be issued upon the redemption of the Patch Exchangeable Shares.
  	  	 
  	(dd) 	“Patch Energy” means Patch Energy Inc., a subsidiary of Patch.
  	  	 
  	(ee) 	“Patch Exchangeable Shares” means the Series A preferred shares of 
Patch Energy, which are exchangeable in accordance with their terms for no 
additional consideration into Patch Common Shares on a one-for-one basis.
  	  	 
  	(ff) 	“Patch Meeting” means the special meeting of Patch Shareholders to 
consider, among other things, the Arrangement Resolution and related 
matters, and any adjournment thereof.
 
  	 	 

  	- 4 - 	 
 
  	(gg) 	“Patch Note” means the promissory note and loan agreement dated 
November 6, 2015 between Robix Environmental Technologies, Inc. as 
successor to Formation Fluid Management Inc., as borrower, and Patch, as 
lender.
  	  	 
  	(hh) 	“Patch Note Collection” means any and all present or future claim, 
right of action, litigation, arbitration, mediation, collection effort or 
other dispute resolution proceedings or effort of any kind of Patch or any 
of its Affiliates, or their respective successors or assigns, relating to 
the collection of any and all amounts owing under the Patch Note in full 
and final payment thereof.
  	  	 
  	(ii) 	“Patch Note Collection Proceeds” means all present and future 
value, order, award, entitlement or remuneration of any kind and in any 
form, including any property, assets, cash or other form of payment in each 
case paid, payable, recovered, owing to, due to, awarded to, ordered or 
otherwise ordered to be received by Patch or any of its Affiliates, Stem or 
any of its Affiliates, or their respective successors or assigns pursuant 
to any settlement, award, order, entitlement, collection, judgment, sale, 
disposition, agreement or any other monetization of any kind of the Patch 
Note or relating to the Patch Note Collection.
  	  	 
  	(jj) 	“Patch Note Collection Payment Per Share” means if Patch or any of 
its Affiliates, Stem or any of its Affiliates, or any of their respective 
successors or assigns, receives any Patch Note Collection Proceeds and such 
Patch Note Collection Proceeds consist in whole or in part of: (i) shares 
or other securities, then that number of shares or other securities equal 
to the quotient obtained when dividing such portion of the Patch Note 
Collection Proceeds by 43,952,213 (with fractions equal to or greater than 
0.5 being rounded up and fractions less than 0.5 being rounded down); or 
(ii) cash or cash equivalents (to the extent such cash or cash equivalents 
are not accounted for in the calculation for the Patch Working Capital), 
then that number of Purchaser Shares as is equal to the quotient obtained 
when dividing (A) the result obtained when such portion of the Patch Note 
Collection Proceeds (if applicable, as converted to United States dollars 
using the Bank of Canada daily noon exchange rate for the applicable date) 
is divided by the deemed price for each Purchaser Share, being US$2.40, by 
(B) 43,952,213 (with fractions equal to or greater than 0.5 being rounded 
up and fractions less than 0.5 being rounded down).
  	  	 
  	(kk) 	“Patch Shareholders” means the registered or beneficial holders of 
the Patch Shares, as the context requires.
  	  	 
  	(ll) 	“Patch Transaction Costs” means all costs and expenses incurred by 
Patch and its subsidiaries in connection with the transactions contemplated 
by the Arrangement Agreement, including all legal, accounting, advisory 
fees, printing and other administrative and professional fees, costs and 
expenses of third parties, and all amounts payable by Patch in respect of 
the transactions contemplated by the Arrangement.
  	  	 
  	(mm) 	“Patch Working Capital” means the amount equal to Patch’s current 
assets minus its current liabilities as at the third last Business Day 
prior to the Effective Date, determined in accordance with GAAP, provided 
that current assets shall include the face value of the Patch Note and 
current liabilities shall include only fifty percent (50%) of the Patch 
Transaction Costs to a maximum of $100,000, such amount expressed in United 
States dollars using the Bank of Canada daily noon exchange rate for the 
applicable date.
 
  	 	 

  	- 5 - 	 
 
  	(nn) 	“person” includes an individual, limited or general partnership, 
limited liability company, limited liability partnership, trust, joint 
venture, association, body corporate, unincorporated organization, trustee, 
executor, administrator, legal representative, government (including any 
Governmental Authority) or any other entity, whether or not having legal 
status.
  	  	 
  	(oo) 	“Plan of Arrangement”, “herein”, “hereof”, “hereto”, “hereunder” 
and similar expressions mean and refer to this Plan of Arrangement as 
amended or supplemented from time to time in accordance with the terms 
hereof, the Arrangement Agreement or at the direction of the Court in the 
Final Order, and not to any particular article, section or other portion 
hereof.
  	  	 
  	(pp) 	“Purchaser” means Stem Holdings, Inc., a corporation existing 
under the laws of the State of Nevada.
  	  	 
  	(qq) 	“Purchaser Share Consideration” means Purchaser Shares valued at 
approximately $0.083, being that number of Purchaser Shares (expressed to 
five decimal places) as is equal to the quotient obtained when dividing the 
Aggregate Purchaser Share Consideration by 43,952,213.
  	  	 
  	(rr) 	“Purchaser Shares” means the shares of common stock in the share 
capital of the Purchaser.
  	  	 
  	(ss) 	“Registrar” means the Registrar of Corporations duly appointed 
under Section 263 of the ABCA.
  	  	 
  	(tt) 	“Rights Indenture” means the rights indenture to be entered into 
between Purchaser and a trust company acceptable to Patch and Purchaser, as 
rights agent, providing for the creation and issuance of the CVRs.
 
1.2 	The division of this Plan of Arrangement into articles and sections 
and the insertion of headings are for convenience of reference only and 
shall not affect the construction or interpretation of this Plan of 
Arrangement.
  	 
1.3 	Unless reference is specifically made to some other document or 
instrument, all references herein to articles and sections are to articles 
and sections of this Plan of Arrangement.
  	 
1.4 	Unless the context otherwise requires, words importing the singular 
number shall include the plural and vice versa and words importing any 
gender shall include all genders.
  	 
1.5 	In the event that the date on which any action is required to be taken 
hereunder by any of the Parties hereto is not a Business Day, such action 
shall be required to be taken on the next succeeding day which is a 
Business Day.
  	 
1.6 	References in this Plan of Arrangement to any statute or sections 
thereof shall include such statute as amended or substituted and any 
regulations promulgated thereunder from time to time in effect prior to the 
Effective Time.
 
  	 	 

  	- 6 - 	 
 
1.7 	Time shall be of the essence in every matter or action contemplated 
hereunder.
  	 
1.8 	Unless otherwise indicated, all sums of money which are referred to in 
this Agreement are expressed in lawful money of Canada. References to “
United States dollars” and “US$” are to the lawful money of the United 
States.
 
ARTICLE 2 
ARRANGEMENT AGREEMENT
 
2.1 	This Plan of Arrangement is made pursuant to, is subject to the 
provisions of and forms part of, the Arrangement Agreement.
  	 
2.2 	This Plan of Arrangement, upon the filing of the Articles of 
Arrangement and the issuance of the Certificate will become effective at 
the Effective Time and be binding on: (a) the Patch Shareholders; (b) the 
Purchaser; and (c) Patch.
  	 
2.3 	The Articles of Arrangement and Certificate shall be filed and issued, 
respectively, with respect to the Arrangement in its entirety. The 
Certificate shall be conclusive evidence that the Arrangement has become 
effective and that each of the provisions of ARTICLE 3 has become effective 
in the sequence and at the times set out therein.
  	 
2.4 	Other than as expressly provided for herein, no portion of this Plan 
of Arrangement shall take effect with respect to any party or person until 
the Effective Time.
 
ARTICLE 3 
ARRANGEMENT
 
3.1 	Commencing at the Effective Time, each of the events set out below 
shall occur and shall be deemed to occur in the following order without any 
further act or formality except as otherwise provided herein:
 
  	(a) 	the Patch Shares held by Dissenting Shareholders shall, as of the 
Effective Time, be deemed to have been transferred to the Purchaser (free 
and clear of any Encumbrances) in consideration for a debt claim against 
the Purchaser in accordance with ARTICLE 4, and, as of the Effective Time, 
such Dissenting Shareholders shall cease to be the holders thereof or have 
any rights as Patch Shareholders and shall only be entitled to be paid by 
the Purchaser the fair value of their Patch Shares in accordance with 
ARTICLE 4; and
  	  	 
  	(b) 	each outstanding Patch Share shall be transferred to, and acquired 
by, the Purchaser (free and clear of any Encumbrances) in exchange for the 
Consideration.
 
3.2 	With respect to each Former Patch Shareholder at the Effective Time, 
upon the exchange of Patch Shares for the consideration pursuant to Section 
3.1(b):
 
  	(a) 	such Former Patch Shareholder shall be added to the register of 
holders of the Purchaser Shares, and if applicable, to the register of 
holders of CVRs, and be entitled to the consideration payable to it 
pursuant to Section 3.1(b);
 
  	 	 

  	- 7 - 	 
 
  	(b) 	such Former Patch Shareholder shall cease to be a holder of the 
Patch Shares so exchanged and the name of such Former Patch Shareholder 
shall be removed from the register of Patch Shareholders maintained by or 
on behalf of Patch as it relates to the Patch Shares so exchanged; and
  	  	 
  	(c) 	the Purchaser shall become the holder of the Patch Shares so 
exchanged and shall be added to the register of Patch Shareholders 
maintained by or on behalf of Patch.
 
ARTICLE 4
DISSENTING SHAREHOLDERS
 
4.1 	Each registered Patch Shareholder shall be entitled to exercise the 
Dissent Rights in strict compliance with Section 191 of the ABCA as 
modified by this Plan of Arrangement and the Interim Order. A Dissenting 
Shareholder shall, at the Effective Time, cease to have any rights as a 
Patch Shareholder and shall only be entitled to be paid the fair value of 
the Dissenting Shareholder’s Patch Shares by the Purchaser (as a debt claim 
owing by the Purchaser) and shall be deemed to have transferred its Patch 
Shares to the Purchaser in accordance with Section 3.1(a). A Dissenting 
Shareholder who for any reason is not entitled to be paid the fair value of 
the Dissenting Shareholder’s Patch Shares shall be deemed to be a Former 
Patch Shareholder and to have participated in the Arrangement on the same 
basis as a non-dissenting Patch Shareholder in accordance with Section 
3.1(b). In either case, neither Patch nor the Purchaser shall be required 
to recognize such holders as holders of Patch Shares after the Effective 
Time and the name of such holder shall be removed from the register of 
Patch Shares as at the Effective Time. The fair value of the Patch Shares 
shall be determined as of the close of business on the last Business Day 
before the day on which the Arrangement is approved by the Patch 
Shareholders at the Patch Meeting. For greater certainty, in addition to 
any other restrictions in Section 191 of the ABCA, no person who has voted 
or has instructed a proxyholder to vote their Patch Shares in favour of the 
Arrangement shall be entitled to exercise Dissent Rights.
 
ARTICLE 5
OUTSTANDING CERTIFICATES AND FRACTIONAL SECURITIES
 
5.1 	At or before the Effective Time, the Purchaser will deposit or cause 
to be deposited with the Depositary for the benefit of the Former Patch 
Shareholders the Aggregate Purchaser Share Consideration and the Aggregate 
Additional Consideration.
  	 
5.2 	From and after the Effective Time: (a) certificates formerly 
representing Patch Shares held by Former Patch Shareholders shall represent 
only the right to receive the consideration to which the Former Patch 
Shareholders are entitled under this Plan of Arrangement pursuant to 
Section 3.1(b), and any dividends or distributions thereon pursuant to 
Section 5.5; and (b) the certificates formerly representing Patch Shares 
held by Dissenting Shareholders shall represent only the right to receive 
the fair value of the Patch Shares represented by such certificates; in 
each case subject to compliance with the requirements set forth in this 
ARTICLE 5.
  	 
5.3 	The Purchaser shall, as soon as practicable following the later of the 
Effective Date and the date of deposit by a Former Patch Shareholder of a 
duly completed Letter of Transmittal and the certificates representing 
applicable Patch Shares, and such additional documents and instruments as 
the Depositary may reasonably require, either:
 
  	 	 

  	- 8 - 	 
 
  	(a) 	forward or cause to be forwarded by first class mail (postage 
prepaid) to such Former Patch Shareholder at the address specified in the 
Letter of Transmittal; or
  	  	 
  	(b) 	if requested by such Former Patch Shareholder in the Letter of 
Transmittal, make available or cause to be made available at the offices of 
the Depositary for pickup by such Former Patch Shareholder,
 
  	certificates representing the number of Purchaser Shares issued to such 
Former Patch Shareholder under the Arrangement (together with any dividends 
or distributions thereon pursuant to Section 5.5), and if applicable, 
certificates representing the number of shares or other securities forming 
part of the Additional Consideration issued to such Former Patch 
Shareholder under the Arrangement and certificates representing the number 
of CVRs issued to such Former Patch Shareholder under the Arrangement.
  	 
5.4 	If any certificate which immediately prior to the Effective Time 
represented an interest in outstanding Patch Shares that were exchanged 
pursuant to Section 3.1(b) has been lost, stolen or destroyed, upon the 
making of an affidavit of that fact by the person claiming such certificate 
to have been lost, stolen or destroyed, the Depositary will issue and 
deliver in exchange for such lost, stolen or destroyed certificate the 
consideration to which the Former Patch Shareholder is entitled pursuant to 
this Plan of Arrangement (and any dividends or distributions thereon). The 
person who is entitled to receive such consideration shall, as a condition 
precedent to the receipt thereof, give a bond to each of the Purchaser and 
Patch and their respective transfer agents, which bond shall be in form and 
substance satisfactory to each of the Purchaser and Patch and their 
respective transfer agents, or shall otherwise indemnify the Purchaser and 
Patch and their respective transfer agents against any claim that may be 
made against any of them with respect to the certificate alleged to have 
been lost, stolen or destroyed.
  	 
5.5 	All dividends or other distributions made with respect to any 
Purchaser Shares allotted and issued pursuant to Section 3.1(b) of the 
Arrangement but for which a certificate has not been issued shall be paid 
or delivered to the Depositary to be held by the Depositary in trust for 
the registered holder thereof. Subject to Section 5.6, the Depositary shall 
pay and deliver to any such registered holder, as soon as reasonably 
practicable after the applicable Former Patch Shareholder has complied with 
the requirements in Section 5.3 and become a registered holder (as 
applicable) and application therefor is made by the registered holder to 
the Depositary in such form as the Depositary may reasonably require, such 
dividends and distributions to which such holder is entitled (without 
interest), net of applicable withholding and other taxes.
  	 
5.6 	Any certificate formerly representing Patch Shares that is not 
deposited with all other documents as required by this Plan of Arrangement 
on or before the last Business Day prior to the fifth anniversary of the 
Effective Date, or such shorter or longer period required under any 
applicable law, shall cease to represent a right or claim of any kind or 
nature including the right of the Former Patch Shareholder to receive 
Purchaser Shares (and any dividends and other distributions thereon) or 
cash and the right of the Former Patch Shareholder to receive Purchaser 
Shares or cash shall be deemed to have been surrendered to the Purchaser. 
In such case, such Purchaser Shares (together with all dividends and other 
distributions thereon) or cash shall be returned to the Purchaser for 
cancellation and any dividends or other distributions in respect of 
Purchaser Shares shall be returned to the Purchaser.
 
  	 	 

  	- 9 - 	 
 
5.7 	No certificates representing fractional Purchaser Shares shall be 
issued under this Plan of Arrangement. In lieu of any fractional Purchaser 
Share, each Former Patch Shareholder otherwise entitled to a fractional 
interest in a Purchaser Share will receive the nearest whole number of 
Purchaser Shares (with fractions equal to or greater than 0.5 being rounded 
up).
 
ARTICLE 6
WITHHOLDINGS AND TAX ELECTIONS
 
6.1 	The Purchaser, Patch and the Depositary shall be entitled to deduct 
and withhold from any consideration otherwise payable to any Patch 
Shareholder and, for greater certainty, from any amount payable to any 
Dissenting Shareholder, as the case may be, under this Plan of Arrangement 
such amounts as the Purchaser is required to deduct and withhold from such 
consideration in accordance with the Income Tax Act (Canada), the United 
States Internal Revenue Code of 1986 or any other provision of any 
applicable law. Any such amounts will be deducted and withheld from the 
consideration payable pursuant to this Plan of Arrangement and shall be 
treated for all purposes as having been paid to the Patch Shareholder in 
respect of which such deduction and withholding was made, provided that 
such withheld amounts are actually remitted to the appropriate taxing 
authority in accordance with applicable law. In connection with any amount 
required to be withheld pursuant to this Plan of Arrangement, the Purchaser 
may direct the Depositary to withhold the number of Purchaser Shares that 
may otherwise be paid to such Patch Shareholder under this Plan of 
Arrangement and to sell such shares for cash proceeds to be used for such 
withholdings, subject to applicable laws. Each Patch Shareholder shall be 
deemed to have granted an irrevocable power of attorney to effect the sale 
of the applicable Purchaser Shares.
 
ARTICLE 7
AMENDMENTS
 
7.1 	The Purchaser and Patch may amend, modify and/or supplement this Plan 
of Arrangement at any time and from time to time prior to the Effective 
Time, provided that each such amendment, modification or supplement must 
be: (a) set out in writing; (b) approved by both Parties; (c) filed with 
the Court and, if made following the Patch Meeting, approved by the Court; 
and (d) communicated to Patch Shareholders, if and as required by the 
Court.
  	 
7.2 	Any amendment, modification or supplement to this Plan of Arrangement 
may be proposed by the Purchaser or Patch at any time prior to or at the 
Patch Meeting (provided that the other party shall have consented thereto) 
with or without any other prior notice or communication and, if so proposed 
and accepted by the persons voting at the Patch Meeting (other than as may 
be required under the Interim Order), shall become part of this Plan of 
Arrangement for all purposes.
  	 
7.3 	Any amendment, modification or supplement to this Plan of Arrangement 
which is approved or directed by the Court following the Patch Meeting 
shall be effective only: (a) if it is consented to by Patch and the 
Purchaser (each acting reasonably); and (b) if required by the Court or 
applicable law, it is consented to by the Patch Shareholders.
  	 
7.4 	Any amendment, modification or supplement to this Plan of Arrangement 
may be made unilaterally by the Purchaser following the Effective Time, 
provided that it concerns a matter which, in the reasonable opinion of the 
Purchaser, is of an administrative nature required to better give effect to 
the implementation of this Plan of Arrangement and is not adverse to the 
financial or economic interests of any Former Patch Shareholder or other 
Patch Shareholder.
 
ARTICLE 8
FURTHER ASSURANCES
 
Notwithstanding that the transactions and events set out herein shall occur 
and be deemed to occur in the order set out in this Plan of Arrangement 
without any further act or formality, each of the Parties to the 
Arrangement Agreement shall make, do and execute, or cause to be made, done 
and executed all such further acts, deeds, agreements, transfers, 
assurances, instruments or documents as may reasonably be required by any 
of them in order further to document or evidence any of the transactions or 
events set out herein.
 
  	 	 

  	 	 
 
SCHEDULE b
 
ARRANGEMENT RESOLUTION
 
RESOLUTION OF THE SHAREHOLDERS OF
PATCH INTERNATIONAL INC. (“Patch”)
 
BE IT RESOLVED AS A SPECIAL RESOLUTION THAT:
 
  	(a) 	The arrangement (as it may be modified or amended, the “
Arrangement”) under Section 193 of the Business Corporations Act (Alberta) 
involving Patch and its securityholders, all as more particularly described 
and set forth in the plan of arrangement (as it may be modified or amended, 
the “Plan of Arrangement”) attached as Appendix ● to the Management 
Information Circular of Patch dated ●, 2016, is hereby authorized, approved 
and agreed to.
  	  	 
  	(b) 	The Arrangement Agreement dated as of November 11, 2016 between 
Patch and Stem Holdings, Inc. as it may be modified or amended from time to 
time (the “Arrangement Agreement”), the actions of the directors of Patch 
in approving the Arrangement and the Arrangement Agreement and the actions 
of the directors and officers of Patch in executing and delivering the 
Arrangement Agreement and causing the performance by Patch of its 
obligations thereunder are hereby confirmed, ratified, authorized and 
approved.
  	  	 
  	(c) 	Notwithstanding that this resolution has been passed (and the 
Arrangement approved and agreed to) by shareholders of Patch or that the 
Arrangement has been approved by the Court of Queen’s Bench of Alberta, the 
directors of Patch are hereby authorized and empowered without further 
approval of any shareholders of Patch: (i) to amend the Arrangement 
Agreement or the Plan of Arrangement to the extent permitted by the 
Arrangement Agreement or Plan of Arrangement; and (ii) subject to the terms 
of the Arrangement Agreement, not to proceed with the Arrangement and 
related transactions.
  	  	 
  	(d) 	Patch be and is hereby authorized to apply for the final order from 
the Court of Queen’s Bench of Alberta to approve the Arrangement on the 
terms set forth in the Arrangement Agreement and the Plan of Arrangement.
  	  	 
  	(e) 	Any one director or officer of Patch is hereby authorized, 
empowered and instructed, acting for, in the name and on behalf of Patch, 
to execute or cause to be executed, under the seal of Patch or otherwise, 
and to deliver or to cause to be delivered, all such other documents and to 
do or to cause to be done all such other acts and things as in such 
person’s opinion may be necessary or desirable in order to carry out the 
intent of the foregoing paragraphs of these resolutions and the matters 
authorized thereby, such determination to be conclusively evidenced by the 
execution and delivery of such document or the doing of such act or thing.
 
  	 	 

  	 	 
 
SCHEDULE C
 
REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE PURCHASER
 
The Purchaser represents and warrants to and in favour of Patch and 
acknowledges that Patch is relying upon such representations and warranties 
in connection with the matters contemplated by this Agreement and the 
consummation of the Arrangement:
 
  	(a) 	The Purchaser is a corporation duly incorporated and is validly 
subsisting under the laws of its jurisdiction of incorporation, and the 
Purchaser has the requisite power and authority to carry on its business as 
it is now being conducted and to own, lease and operate its respective 
properties and assets.
  	  	 
  	(b) 	The Purchaser is duly registered to do business and is in good 
standing in each jurisdiction in which the character of its properties, 
owned or leased, or the nature of its activities make such registration 
necessary.
  	  	 
  	(c) 	The Purchaser has no direct or indirect subsidiaries.
  	  	 
  	(d) 	The Purchaser has the requisite corporate power and authority to 
enter into this Agreement, the Acquisition Agreement, the Real Property 
Agreements and the Rights Indenture and to carry out its obligations 
hereunder and thereunder. The execution and delivery of this Agreement, the 
Acquisition Agreement, the Real Property Agreements and the Rights 
Indenture and the consummation by the Purchaser of the transactions 
contemplated hereunder and thereunder has been duly authorized by the 
Purchaser Board and no other corporate proceedings on the part of the 
Purchaser are or shall be necessary to consummate the transactions 
contemplated by this Agreement, the Acquisition Agreement, the Real 
Property Agreements and the Rights Indenture. This Agreement has been duly 
executed and delivered by the Purchaser and constitutes a legal, valid and 
binding obligation of the Purchaser enforceable against the Purchaser in 
accordance with its terms. The Acquisition Agreement and the Real Property 
Agreements have been or will be duly executed and delivered by the 
respective parties thereto and constitute or will constitute legal, valid 
and binding obligations of the respective parties thereto enforceable 
against such parties in accordance with their terms.
  	  	 
  	(e) 	None of the execution and delivery of this Agreement (subject to 
the issuance of the Interim Order and Final Order by the Court), the 
Acquisition Agreement, the Real Property Agreements or the Rights Indenture 
by the Purchaser, the consummation by the Purchaser of the transactions 
contemplated hereunder or thereunder nor compliance by the Purchaser with 
any of the provisions hereof or thereof will: (i) violate, conflict with, 
or result in breach of any provision of, require any consent, approval or 
notice under, or constitute a default (or an event which, with notice or 
lapse of time or both, would constitute a default) or result in a penalty, 
forfeiture or a right of termination or acceleration under, or result in 
the creation of any Encumbrance, claim, trust, royalty or carried, 
participation, net profits or other third party interest, option, right of 
first refusal, right or privilege, preferential right and any agreement or 
arrangement (whether by law, contract or otherwise) capable of becoming any 
of the foregoing, upon any of the properties or assets of the Purchaser 
under, any of the terms, conditions or provisions of (A) the articles, 
bylaws or other constating documents of the Purchaser; or (B) any note, 
bond, mortgage, indenture, loan agreement, deed of trust, agreement, lien, 
contract or other instrument or obligation to which the Purchaser is a 
party or to which it, or its properties or assets, may be subject or by 
which the Purchaser is bound; or (ii) violate any judgment, ruling, order, 
writ, injunction, determination, award, decree, statute, ordinance, rule or 
regulation in Canada or the United States applicable to the Purchaser; or 
(iii) cause a suspension or revocation of any Authorization currently in 
effect.
 
  	 	 

  	- 2 - 	 
 
  	(f) 	Other than in connection with or in compliance with the provisions 
of Applicable Laws in relation to the completion of the Arrangement or 
which are required to be fulfilled post-Arrangement:
 
  	(i) 	there is no legal impediment to the Purchaser’s consummation of the 
transactions contemplated by this Agreement, the Acquisition Agreement, the 
Real Property Agreements and the Rights Indenture; and
  	  	 
  	(ii) 	no filing or registration with, or Authorization is necessary by 
the Purchaser in connection with the consummation of the Arrangement or the 
transactions contemplated by the Acquisition Agreement, the Real Property 
Agreements and the Rights Indenture.
 
  	(g) 	Subject to the approval by the Patch Shareholders of the 
Arrangement Resolution and the approval of the Interim Order and Final 
Order by the Court, neither the execution and delivery of this Agreement by 
the Purchaser, the consummation by the Purchaser of the transactions 
contemplated by this Agreement, the Acquisition Agreement, the Real 
Property Agreements and the Rights Indenture, nor compliance by the 
Purchaser with any of the provisions hereof or thereof, will require any 
consents or trigger any fees or termination rights.
  	  	 
  	(h) 	The Purchaser is authorized to issue 100,000,000 Purchaser Shares 
with a par value of $0.001 per share, 50,000,000 shares of Series A 
Preferred Shares with a par value of $0.001 per share and 50,000,000 shares 
of Series B Preferred Shares with a par value of $0.001 per share. As at 
the date hereof, there are not more than 4,794,163 Purchaser Shares issued 
and outstanding and there are no other classes of shares outstanding or 
securities, options, interests or other rights outstanding entitling the 
holder thereof to acquire securities of the Purchaser from treasury. All 
outstanding Purchaser Shares have been duly authorized and are validly 
issued as fully paid and non-assessable shares and are not subject to, nor 
have they been issued in violation of, any pre-emptive rights.
  	  	 
  	(i) 	Since October 12, 2016:
 
  	(i) 	there has not been any Material Adverse Change respecting the 
Purchaser from the position set forth in the Purchaser Financial 
Statements;
  	  	 
  	(ii) 	there have been no material facts, transactions, events or 
occurrences which, to the knowledge of the Purchaser, could reasonably be 
expected to result in a Material Adverse Change respecting the Purchaser;
 
  	 	 

  	- 3 - 	 
 
  	(iii) 	the Purchaser has conducted its business only in the ordinary and 
normal course, consistent with past practice; and
  	  	 
  	(iv) 	no liability or obligation of any nature (whether absolute, 
accrued, contingent or otherwise) material to the Purchaser has been 
incurred other than in the ordinary and normal course of business, 
consistent with past practice.
 
  	(j) 	There is no Litigation against or involving the Purchaser, or in 
respect of the businesses, properties or assets of the Purchaser (whether 
in progress or, to the knowledge of the Purchaser, threatened) and, to the 
knowledge of the Purchaser, no event has occurred which might reasonably be 
expected to give rise to any proceeding. There is no judgment, writ, 
decree, injunction, rule, award or order of any Governmental Authority 
outstanding against the Purchaser in respect of its business, properties or 
assets. With respect to any Litigation that has been settled by the 
Purchaser, the Purchaser has obtained appropriate releases or other 
documentation to ensure that such settlements are final and non-appealable.
  	  	 
  	(k) 	There is no Litigation against or involving Opco, or in respect of 
the businesses, properties or assets of Opco (whether in progress or, to 
the knowledge of the Purchaser, threatened) and no event has occurred which 
might reasonably be expected to give rise to any proceeding. There is no 
judgment, writ, decree, injunction, rule, award or order of any 
Governmental Authority outstanding against Opco in respect of the business, 
properties or assets of Opco. With respect to any Litigation that has been 
settled by Opco, Opco has obtained appropriate releases or other 
documentation to ensure that such settlements are final and non-appealable.
  	  	 
  	(l) 	The Purchaser Financial Statements fairly present, in accordance 
with GAAP, consistently applied, the financial position and condition of 
the Purchaser at the dates thereof and the results of the operations of the 
Purchaser for the periods then ended and reflect, in accordance with GAAP, 
consistently applied, all material assets, liabilities or obligations 
(absolute, accrued, contingent or otherwise) of the Purchaser as at the 
dates thereof.
  	  	 
  	(m) 	The Purchaser has not received notice of any violation of or 
investigation relating to any federal, state or local laws, regulation or 
ordinance with respect to its assets, business or operations and the 
Purchaser holds all Authorizations which are required under federal, state 
or local laws relating to the assets, business or operations of the 
Purchaser. The assets of the Purchaser are and have been, since the 
Purchaser acquired its interests in such assets operated and maintained by 
it in compliance with all terms and conditions of Applicable Laws and 
Authorizations in all respects.
  	  	 
  	(n) 	Opco has not received notice of any violation of or investigation 
relating to any federal, state or local laws, regulation or ordinance with 
respect to the assets, business or operations of Opcp and Opco holds all 
Authorizations which are required under federal, state or local laws 
relating to the assets, business or operations of Opco. The assets of Opco 
are and have been, since Opco acquired its interests in such assets 
operated and maintained by it in compliance with all terms and conditions 
of Applicable Laws and Authorizations in all respects.
 
  	 	 

  	- 4 - 	 
 
  	(o) 	Neither the Purchaser nor the Purchaser Board has agreed or 
consented to the release of any director or officer of the Purchaser from 
any fiduciary duty owed by such person to the Purchaser, including as would 
allow any such person to pursue any corporate opportunities that would 
otherwise be the property of the Purchaser.
  	  	 
  	(p) 	The corporate records and minute books, books of account and other 
records of the Purchaser (whether of a financial or accounting nature or 
otherwise) have been maintained in accordance with Applicable Laws and 
prudent business practice and will be complete and accurate in all respects 
as at the Effective Date.
  	  	 
  	(q) 	The Purchaser is not a party to any agreement, contract or 
instrument that shall trigger any rights to acquire Purchaser Shares or 
other securities of the Purchaser or rights, entitlements or privileges in 
favour of any person upon the entering into of this Agreement or the 
Arrangement.
  	  	 
  	(r) 	The Purchaser is not, and is not an affiliate of a person that is, 
registered or required to be registered as an “investment company” pursuant 
to the United States Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended.
  	  	 
  	(s) 	Other than as disclosed in the Purchaser Financial Statements, no 
director, officer, insider or other non-arm’s length party of the Purchaser 
is indebted to the Purchaser or any of its Affiliates.
  	  	 
  	(t) 	There are no material liabilities or obligations of the Purchaser 
or of any of its subsidiaries other than liabilities or obligations: (i) 
disclosed in the Purchaser Financial Statements; (iii) incurred in the 
Ordinary Course since October 12, 2016; or (iii) incurred in connection 
with this Agreement or permitted by this Agreement.
  	  	 
  	(u) 	To the knowledge of the Purchaser, the Purchaser has not acquired 
property from, or disposed of property to, a person with whom the Purchaser 
was not dealing at arm’s length, within the meaning of the Tax Act, for 
consideration, the value of which is greater or less than the fair market 
value of the property acquired in circumstances which would subject it to a 
liability under section 69 or section 160 of the Tax Act or under any 
equivalent provisions of any applicable legislation.
  	  	 
  	(v) 	None of the Purchaser, any of its subsidiaries or its 
Representatives has made, offered or authorized and will not make, offer or 
authorize any payment, gift, promise or other advantage, whether directly 
or through any other person, to or for the use or benefit of any public 
official (including any person holding a legislative, administrative or 
judicial office, including any person employed by or acting on behalf of a 
public agency, a public enterprise or a public international organization) 
or any political party or political party official or candidate for office, 
where such payment, gift, promise or advantage would violate the Corruption 
of Foreign Public Officials Act (Canada) or any similar laws applicable to 
any such person. Specifically, no such person will take any action in 
furtherance of an offer or promise to pay, lend or give money or anything 
of value, directly or indirectly, to or for the use of any public official, 
or to any other person while knowing that all or a portion of such money or 
thing of value will be offered, given, loaned or promised, directly or 
indirectly, to or for the use of or benefit of any public official, for any 
of the following purposes: (i) influencing any act or decision of such 
public official in his or her official capacity; (ii) inducing such public 
official to do or omit to do any act in violation of the lawful duty of the 
public official; (iii) inducing such public official to use his or her 
influence with any governmental entity, public international organization 
or political party to affect or influence any act or decision of such 
entity; or (iv) securing any improper advantage to either assist a Person 
to obtain business or to further the interests of its business.
  	  	 
  	(w) 	Purchaser has not withheld from Patch any material information or 
documents concerning the Purchaser or its assets or liabilities during the 
course of Patch’s review of Purchaser and its assets and liabilities.
 
  	 	 

  	 	 
 
SCHEDULE D
 
REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF PATCH
 
Patch represents and warrants to and in favour of the Purchaser and 
acknowledges that the Purchaser is relying upon such representations and 
warranties in connection with the matters contemplated by this Agreement 
and the consummation of the Arrangement:
 
  	(a) 	Each of Patch and its subsidiaries is a corporation duly 
incorporated or continued, as the case may be, and is validly subsisting 
under the laws of its jurisdiction of incorporation or continuance, as 
applicable, and each of Patch and its subsidiaries and has the requisite 
power and authority to carry on its business as it is now being conducted 
by it and to own, lease and operate its respective properties and assets.
  	  	 
  	(b) 	Each of Patch and its subsidiaries is duly registered to do 
business and is in good standing in each jurisdiction in which the 
character of its properties, owned or leased, or the nature of its 
activities make such registration necessary, except where the failure to be 
so registered or in good standing would not have a Material Adverse Effect 
on Patch and its subsidiaries, taken as a whole.
  	  	 
  	(c) 	Patch has no material direct or indirect subsidiaries.
  	  	 
  	(d) 	Patch has the requisite corporate power and authority to enter into 
this Agreement and to carry out its obligations hereunder. The execution 
and delivery of this Agreement and the consummation by Patch of the 
transactions contemplated by this Agreement have been duly authorized by 
the Patch Board and, subject to obtaining Patch Shareholder approval as 
contemplated herein, no other corporate proceedings on the part of Patch 
are or shall be necessary to consummate the transactions contemplated by 
this Agreement. This Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by 
Patch and constitutes a legal, valid and binding obligation of Patch 
enforceable against Patch in accordance with its terms.
  	  	 
  	(e) 	Subject to the approval of the Patch Shareholders of the 
Arrangement Resolution and the approval of the Interim Order and the Final 
Order by the Court, neither the execution and delivery of this Agreement by 
Patch, the consummation by Patch of the transactions contemplated by this 
Agreement nor compliance by Patch with any of the provisions hereof will: 
(i) violate, conflict with, or result in breach of any provision of, 
require any consent, approval or notice under, or constitute a default (or 
an event which, with notice or lapse of time or both, would constitute a 
default) or result in a penalty, forfeiture or a right of termination or 
acceleration under, or result in the creation of any Encumbrance, claim, 
trust, royalty or carried, participation, net profits or other third party 
interest, option, right of first refusal, right or privilege, preferential 
right and any agreement or arrangement (whether by law, contract or 
otherwise) capable of becoming any of the foregoing, upon any of the 
properties or assets of Patch under, any of the terms, conditions or 
provisions of (A) the articles, bylaws or other constating documents of 
Patch, or (B) any note, bond, mortgage, indenture, loan agreement, deed of 
trust, agreement, lien, contract or other instrument or obligation to which 
Patch is a party or to which it, or its properties or assets, may be 
subject or by which Patch is bound; or (ii) violate any judgment, ruling, 
order, writ, injunction, determination, award, decree, statute, ordinance, 
rule or regulation applicable to Patch (except, in the case of each of 
clauses (i) and (ii) above, for such violations, conflicts, breaches, 
defaults or terminations which, or any consents, approvals or notices which 
if not given or received, would not have any Material Adverse Effect on 
Patch, taken as a whole, or prevent or materially impair or materially 
delay or could reasonably be expected to prevent or materially impair or 
delay the ability of Patch to consummate the transactions contemplated by 
this Agreement by the Outside Date; or (iii) cause a suspension or 
revocation of an Authorization currently in effect which would have a 
Material Adverse Effect on Patch.
 
  	 	 

  	- 2 - 	 
 
  	(f) 	Other than in connection with or in compliance with the provisions 
of Applicable Laws in relation to the completion of the Arrangement 
including the approval of the Patch Shareholders and the issuance of the 
Interim Order and Final Order by the Court or which are required to be 
fulfilled post-Arrangement:
 
  	(i) 	there is no legal impediment to Patch’s consummation of the 
transactions contemplated by this Agreement; and
  	  	 
  	(ii) 	no filing or registration with, or Authorization is necessary by 
Patch or any of its subsidiaries in connection with the consummation of the 
Arrangement, except for such filings or registrations which, if not made, 
or for such Authorizations, which, if not received, would not prevent or 
materially impair or materially delay or could reasonably be expected to 
prevent or materially impair or delay the ability of Patch to consummate 
the transactions contemplated by this Agreement by the Outside Date.
 
  	(g) 	Subject to the approval of the Patch Shareholders of the 
Arrangement Resolution and the issuance of the Interim Order and Final 
Order by the Court, neither the execution and delivery of this Agreement by 
Patch, the consummation by Patch of the transactions contemplated by this 
Agreement nor compliance by Patch with any of the provisions hereof, will 
require any consents or trigger any fees or material rights, other than the 
Patch Transaction Costs.
  	  	 
  	(h) 	Capitalization
 
  	(i) 	The authorized capital of Patch consists of an unlimited number of 
Patch Common Shares, an unlimited number of Class “B” common voting shares, 
and unlimited number of Class “C” common non-voting shares, an unlimited 
number of Class “A” preferred voting shares, and unlimited number of Class 
“B” preferred voting shares and an unlimited number of Class “C” preferred 
shares. As of the close of business on the date of this Agreement, there 
were: (A) 37,850,724 Patch Common Shares issued and outstanding; (B) one 
Patch Class “A” Preferred Share issued and outstanding; (C) one Patch Class 
“B” Preferred Share issued and outstanding; and (D) no other shares in the 
capital of Patch issued and outstanding. All outstanding Patch Shares have 
been duly authorized and validly issued and are fully paid and 
non-assessable. As of the date of this Agreement there are 6,101,489 Patch 
Common Shares issuable upon the redemption of the Patch Exchangeable 
Shares. All of the Patch Common Shares issuable upon the redemption of the 
Patch Exchangeable Shares, have been duly authorized and, upon issuance in 
accordance with their terms, will be validly issued as fully paid and 
non-assessable and are not and will not be subject to or issued in 
violation of, any pre-emptive rights. No Patch Shares have been issued in 
violation of any Applicable Law or any pre-emptive or similar rights 
applicable to them.
 
  	 	 

  	- 3 - 	 
 
  	(ii) 	Except for rights under the Patch Exchangeable Shares and this 
Agreement, there are no issued, outstanding or authorized options, 
equity-based awards, warrants, calls, conversion, pre-emptive, redemption, 
repurchase, stock appreciation or other rights, or any other agreements, 
arrangements, instruments or commitments of any kind that obligate Patch, 
directly or indirectly, to issue or sell any securities of Patch, or give 
and person a right to subscribe for or acquire, any securities of Patch.
  	  	 
  	(iii) 	Other than the Patch Exchangeable Shares, there are no issued, 
outstanding or authorized:
 
  	(A) 	obligations to repurchase, redeem or otherwise acquire any 
securities of Patch, or qualify securities for public distribution in 
Canada, the United States or elsewhere, or, other than as contemplated by 
this Agreement with respect to the voting or disposition of any securities 
of Patch; or
  	  	 
  	(B) 	notes, bonds, debentures or other evidences of indebtedness or any 
other agreements, arrangements, instruments or commitments of any kind that 
in each case, give any person, directly or indirectly, the right to vote 
with holders of Patch Shares on any matter.
 
  	(i) 	Since May 31, 2016:
 
  	(i) 	there has not been any Material Adverse Change respecting Patch 
from the position set forth in Patch Financial Statements;
  	  	 
  	(ii) 	there have been no material facts, transactions, events or 
occurrences which, to the knowledge of Patch, could reasonably be expected 
to result in a Material Adverse Change respecting Patch;
  	  	 
  	(iii) 	each of Patch and its subsidiaries has conducted its business 
only in Ordinary Course; and
  	  	 
  	(iv) 	no liability or obligation of any nature (whether absolute, 
accrued, contingent or otherwise) material to Patch or any of its 
subsidiaries has been incurred other than in the Ordinary Course.
 
  	(j) 	There is no Litigation against or involving Patch or Patch Energy, 
or in respect of the businesses or assets of Patch or Patch Energy (whether 
in progress or, to the knowledge of Patch, threatened), that if adversely 
determined, would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect 
on Patch or prevent or materially impair or materially delay or could 
reasonably be expected to prevent or materially impair or delay the ability 
of Patch to consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement by 
the Outside Date and, to the knowledge of Patch, no event has occurred 
which might reasonably be expected to give rise to any Litigation. There is 
no judgment, writ, decree, injunction, rule, award or order of any 
Governmental Authority outstanding against Patch or Patch Energy in respect 
of their respective businesses or assets that has had or would reasonably 
be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on Patch or prevent or 
materially impair or delay or could reasonably be expected to prevent or 
materially impair or delay the ability of Patch to consummate the 
transactions contemplated by this Agreement by the Outside Date.
 
  	 	 

  	- 4 - 	 
 
  	(k) 	The Patch Financial Statements fairly present, in accordance with 
GAAP, consistently applied, the financial position and condition of Patch 
at the dates thereof and the results of the operations of Patch for the 
periods then ended and reflect, in accordance with GAAP, consistently 
applied, all material assets, liabilities or obligations (absolute, 
accrued, contingent or otherwise) of Patch, as at the dates thereof.
  	  	 
  	(l) 	Neither Patch nor any of its subsidiaries has received notice of 
any violation of or investigation relating to any federal, provincial or 
local law, regulation or ordinance with respect to its or Patch Energy’s 
assets or business and Patch and Patch Energy holds all Authorizations 
which are required under federal, provincial or local laws relating to 
their respective assets, business or operations, except where the failure 
to comply with the foregoing would not have a Material Adverse Effect on 
Patch.
  	  	 
  	(m) 	No Securities Authority, other competent authority or stock 
exchange in Canada or the United States has issued any order which is 
currently outstanding preventing or suspending trading in any securities of 
Patch, no such proceeding is, to the knowledge of Patch, pending, 
contemplated or threatened and neither Patch or any of its subsidiaries is 
in material default of any requirement of any Applicable Laws.
  	  	 
  	(n) 	Patch has not retained any financial advisor, broker, agent or 
finder, or paid or agreed to pay or have the Purchaser pay any financial 
advisor, broker, agent or finder on account of this Agreement or the 
Arrangement, any transaction contemplated hereby or any transaction 
presently ongoing or contemplated.
  	  	 
  	(o) 	Patch is not subject to, or affected by, any unanimous shareholders 
agreement and is not a party to any shareholder, pooling, voting, or other 
similar arrangement or agreement relating to the ownership or voting of any 
of the securities of Patch or pursuant to which any person other than Patch 
may have any right or claim in connection with any existing or past equity 
interest in Patch.
  	  	 
  	(p) 	The Patch Board has unanimously determined that the Arrangement is 
in the best interests of Patch, is fair to the Patch Shareholders and has 
unanimously approved the Arrangement and the entering into of this 
Agreement and has resolved to recommend that Patch Shareholders vote in 
favour of the Arrangement. Each member of the Patch Board intends, in 
accordance with the Patch Support Agreements, to vote all of such 
shareholder’s Patch Voting Securities in favour of the Arrangement 
Resolution and against any resolution submitted by any Patch Shareholder 
that is inconsistent with the Arrangement.
 
  	 	 

  	- 5 - 	 
 
  	(q) 	The corporate records and minute books, books of account and other 
records of Patch (whether of a financial or accounting nature or otherwise) 
have been maintained in accordance with, in all material respects, 
Applicable Laws and prudent business practice and will be complete and 
accurate in all material respects as at the Effective Date.
  	  	 
  	(r) 	No director, officer, insider or other non-arm’s length party of 
Patch or any of its subsidiaries is indebted to Patch or any of its 
subsidiaries.
  	  	 
  	(s) 	Except for indemnity agreements with its directors and officers as 
contemplated by the by-laws of Patch or Patch Energy and Applicable Laws, 
and other than standard indemnity agreements in the Ordinary Course 
provided to service providers, neither Patch nor any of its subsidiaries is 
a party to or bound by any agreement, guarantee, indemnification or 
endorsement or like commitment of the obligations, liabilities (contingent 
or otherwise) or indebtedness of any person which individually or in the 
aggregate could have a Material Adverse Effect on Patch.
  	  	 
  	(t) 	Patch has not withheld from the Purchaser any material information 
or documents concerning Patch, Patch Energy or any of their respective 
assets or liabilities during the course of the Purchaser’s review of Patch 
and its subsidiaries and their assets and liabilities.
  	  	 
  	(u) 	There are no material liabilities or obligations of Patch or of any 
of its subsidiaries of any kind whatsoever, whether accrued, contingent, 
absolute, determined, determinable or otherwise, other than liabilities or 
obligations: (i) disclosed in the Patch Financial Statements; (ii) incurred 
in the Ordinary Course since May 31, 2016; or (iii) incurred in connection 
with this Agreement.
  	  	 
  	(v) 	No facts, circumstances or events exist or have existed that have 
resulted in or may result in the application of any of sections 80 to 80.04 
of the Tax Act to Patch.
  	  	 
  	(w) 	Patch has not acquired property from, or disposed of property to, a 
person with whom Patch was not dealing at arm’s length, within the meaning 
of the Tax Act, for consideration, the value of which is greater or less 
than the fair market value of the property acquired in circumstances which 
would subject it to a liability under section 69 or section 160 of the Tax 
Act or under any equivalent provisions of any applicable legislation.
  	  	 
  	(x) 	Patch has not made any payment, nor is obligated to make any 
payment, and is not a party to any agreement under which it could be 
obligated to make any payment that may not be deductible by virtue of 
section 67 or 78 of the Tax Act or any analogous provincial or similar 
provision.
  	  	 
  	(y) 	Records or documents that meet the requirements of paragraphs 
247(4)(a) to (c) of the Tax Act have been made and obtained by Patch with 
respect to all material transactions between Patch and any non-resident 
person with whom Patch was not dealing at arm’s length within the meaning 
of the Tax Act, during a taxation year commencing after 1998 and ending on 
or before the Effective Date.
 
  	 	 

  	- 6 - 	 
 
  	(z) 	Patch is properly classified as a corporation for United States 
federal tax purposes.
  	  	 
  	(aa) 	Patch has not been classified as a passive foreign investment 
company, within the meaning of Section 1297 of the United States Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, for any prior year and is not expected to 
be so classified for the current year.
  	  	 
  	(bb) 	Patch is not incorporated in the United States, is not organized 
under the laws of the United States and does not have its principal office 
within the United States.
  	  	 
  	(cc) 	None of Patch, any of its subsidiaries or its Representatives has 
made, offered or authorized and will not make, offer or authorize any 
payment, gift, promise or other advantage, whether directly or through any 
other person, to or for the use or benefit of any public official 
(including any person holding a legislative, administrative or judicial 
office, including any person employed by or acting on behalf of a public 
agency, a public enterprise or a public international organization) or any 
political party or political party official or candidate for office, where 
such payment, gift, promise or advantage would violate the Corruption of 
Foreign Public Officials Act (Canada) or any similar laws applicable to any 
such person. Specifically, no such person will take any action in 
furtherance of an offer or promise to pay, lend or give money or anything 
of value, directly or indirectly, to or for the use of any public official, 
or to any other person while knowing that all or a portion of such money or 
thing of value will be offered, given, loaned or promised, directly or 
indirectly, to or for the use of or benefit of any public official, for any 
of the following purposes: (i) influencing any act or decision of such 
public official in his or her official capacity; (ii) inducing such public 
official to do or omit to do any act in violation of the lawful duty of the 
public official; (iii) inducing such public official to use his or her 
influence with any governmental entity, public international organization 
or political party to affect or influence any act or decision of such 
entity; or (iv) securing any improper advantage to either assist a Person 
to obtain business or to further the interests of its business.
  	  	 
  	(dd) 	Patch is a reporting issuer (where such concept exists) in the 
province of Alberta and is in material compliance with all Canadian 
Securities Laws therein. The documents and information comprising the Patch 
Public Record did not at the respective times they were filed with the 
relevant Securities Authorities, contain any misrepresentation, unless such 
document or information was subsequently corrected or superseded in the 
Patch Public Record prior to the date hereof.
 
  	 	 

  	 	 