 EX-10.18 6 nvls-20161231ex10180e577.htm EX-10.18
Exhibit 10.18

Nivalis Therapeutics, Inc.
3122 Sterling Circle, Suite 200, Boulder, CO 80301
 
 
January 9, 2017
 
R. Michael Carruthers
Nivalis Therapeutics, Inc.
3122 Sterling Circle
Suite 200
Boulder, Colorado 80301
 
Re: Retention Bonus
 
Dear Mike:
 
In recognition of your continued service with Nivalis Therapeutics, Inc. 
(the “Company”), and subject to the other terms and conditions of this 
letter agreement (this “Agreement”), we are pleased to offer you a 
retention bonus in the amount of $100,000.00, less applicable withholdings 
and deductions required by law (the “Retention Bonus”) and an option grant 
to purchase 200,000 shares of Common Stock of the Company which option 
shall vest in full upon the termination of your employment by the Company 
other than for Cause or a Corporate Transaction (as defined in the stock 
option agreement to be entered into by you and the Company) and be subject 
to the terms and conditions of such stock option agreement and the 
Company’s 2015 Equity Incentive Plan (the “Stock Option”). 
 
The Retention Bonus will be processed and paid through the Company’s 
payroll on the closing date of a Change in Control (the “Payment Date”), 
provided you have remained actively and continuously employed in good 
standing by the Company through the Payment Date. For purposes of this 
Agreement, “Change in Control”  shall mean the sale of all or substantially 
all of the outstanding shares of capital stock, assets or business of the 
Company, by merger, consolidation, sale of assets or otherwise (other than 
a transaction in which all or substantially all of the persons who were 
beneficial owners of the capital stock of the Company immediately prior to 
such transaction beneficially own, directly or indirectly, more than 50% of 
the outstanding voting securities (on an as-converted to Common Stock 
basis) of the resulting, surviving or acquiring entity in such 
transaction).
 
In order to be considered in “good standing,” you must have been employed 
continuously from the date hereof to the Payment Date and you must not be 
the subject of any disciplinary warning, whether written or oral.  In order 
to receive the Retention Bonus, you must (a) be in good standing, (b) 
execute a release of claims to be provided to you by the Company, and (c) 
otherwise comply with the terms and conditions of this letter and the 
Company’s policies and procedures. 
 
Neither the Retention Bonus, the Stock Option grant nor this letter have 
any bearing on your right to employment with the Company. Your employment 
remains at-will, meaning that you and the Company may terminate the 
employment relationship at any time, with or without cause or

------------------------------------------------------------------------

 

reason, and with or without notice.  For clarity, should your employment 
terminate for any reason other than by the Company without cause (as 
defined in the employment agreement between you and the Company) prior to 
the Payment Date, you will not receive the Retention Bonus and the vesting 
of the Stock Option shall cease.  Compensation paid pursuant to this 
Agreement is intended to be exempt from, Section 409A of the Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, as a short term deferral.
 
This letter supersedes in their entirety any prior or contemporaneous 
agreements between you and the Company regarding retention bonuses or 
payments, whether written, oral, express or implied.
 
This Agreement may not be amended or modified unless in writing signed by 
both you and an authorized officer of the Company. This Agreement, for all 
purposes, shall be construed in accordance with the laws of the State of 
Colorado without regard to conflicts-of-law principles.
 
Sincerely,
 
NIVALIS THERAPEUTICS, INC.
 
By: /s/ Janice Troha
Janice Troha
Chief Operating Officer
 
 
ACCEPTED AND AGREED:
/s/ R. Michael Carruthers
R. Michael Carruthers
 
1/9/17
Date
 

-2-
------------------------------------------------------------------------