 EX-10.4 6 d260662dex104.htm EX-10.4
Exhibit 10.4

EXECUTION VERSION


INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY AGREEMENT

by and between

XEROX CORPORATION

and

CONDUENT INCORPORATED

Dated as of December 30, 2016

------------------------------------------------------------------------
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
  	  	  	   	Page 	 
ARTICLE I 	   	 	 	
 DEFINITIONS
   	  	1 	  
 SECTION 1.01.
  	
 Definitions
   	  	1 	  
ARTICLE II 	   	 	 	
TRANSFERRED INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS AND TECHNOLOGY AND ASSUMPTION OF 
LIABILITIES
   	  	13 	  
 SECTION 2.01.
  	
 Assignment of Intellectual Property Rights
   	  	14 	  
 SECTION 2.02.
  	
 Common Infrastructure Copyrights
   	  	15 	  
 SECTION 2.03.
  	
 Common Infrastructure Trade Secrets
   	  	16 	  
 SECTION 2.04.
  	
 Acceptance and Assumption of Transferred Intellectual Property Liabilities
   	  	16 	  
 SECTION 2.05.
  	
 Acceptance and Assumption by Xerox of Common Infrastructure Liabilities
   	  	17 	  
 SECTION 2.06.
  	
 Delayed Transfers; Wrong Pockets
   	  	17 	  
ARTICLE III 	   	 	 	
 LICENSES FROM XEROX TO CONDUENT
   	  	19 	  
 SECTION 3.01.
  	
 License Grants
   	  	19 	  
 SECTION 3.02.
  	
 Have Made Rights
   	  	22 	  
 SECTION 3.03.
  	
 Sublicenses
   	  	22 	  
 SECTION 3.04.
  	
 Improvements
   	  	23 	  
 SECTION 3.05.
  	
 Xerox Restricted Patents
   	  	23 	  
ARTICLE IV 	   	 	 	
 LICENSES FROM CONDUENT TO XEROX
   	  	24 	  
 SECTION 4.01.
  	
 License Grants
   	  	24 	  
 SECTION 4.02.
  	
 Have Made Rights
   	  	27 	  
 SECTION 4.03.
  	
 Sublicenses
   	  	27 	  
 SECTION 4.04.
  	
 Improvements
   	  	27 	  
 SECTION 4.05.
  	
 Conduent Restricted Patents
   	  	28 	  
 
i

------------------------------------------------------------------------
ARTICLE V 	   	 	 	
 ADDITIONAL INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RELATED MATTERS
   	  	28 	  
 SECTION 5.01.
  	
 Assignments and Licenses
   	  	28 	  
 SECTION 5.02.
  	
 Assistance By Employees
   	  	28 	  
 SECTION 5.03.
  	
 Inventor Compensation
   	  	29 	  
 SECTION 5.04.
  	
 No Implied Licenses
   	  	29 	  
 SECTION 5.05.
  	
 No Field Restrictions for Patent Licensing
   	  	29 	  
 SECTION 5.06.
  	
 No Obligation To Prosecute or Maintain Patents
   	  	29 	  
 SECTION 5.07.
  	
 Technical Assistance
   	  	30 	  
 SECTION 5.08.
  	
 Third-Party Infringement
   	  	30 	  
 SECTION 5.09.
  	
 Copyright Notices
   	  	30 	  
 SECTION 5.10.
  	
 No Challenge to Title
   	  	30 	  
 SECTION 5.11.
  	
 Group Members
   	  	31 	  
ARTICLE VI 	   	 	 	
 CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION
   	  	31 	  
 SECTION 6.01.
  	
 Contract Manufacturing
   	  	31 	  
 SECTION 6.02.
  	
 Source Code
   	  	31 	  
 SECTION 6.03.
  	
 Trade Secrets
   	  	31 	  
ARTICLE VII 	   	 	 	
 LIMITATION OF LIABILITY AND WARRANTY DISCLAIMER
   	  	32 	  
 SECTION 7.01.
  	
 Limitation of Liability
   	  	32 	  
 SECTION 7.02.
  	
 Disclaimer of Representations and Warranties
   	  	33 	  
ARTICLE VIII 	   	 	 	
 TRANSFERABILITY AND ASSIGNMENT
   	  	33 	  
 SECTION 8.01.
  	
 No Assignment or Transfer Without Consent
   	  	33 	  
 SECTION 8.02.
  	
 Divested Businesses
   	  	34 	  
ARTICLE IX 	   	 	 	
REVOCATION AND TERMINATION OF LICENSE RIGHTS; TERMINATION
   	  	35 	  
 SECTION 9.01.
  	
 Termination by Both Parties
   	  	35 	  
 SECTION 9.02.
  	
 Termination prior to the Distribution
   	  	35 	  
 SECTION 9.03.
  	
 Effect of Termination; Survival
   	  	35 	  
 
ii

------------------------------------------------------------------------
ARTICLE X 	   	 	 	
 FURTHER ASSURANCES
   	  	35 	  
 SECTION 10.01.
  	
 Further Assurances
   	  	35 	  
ARTICLE XI 	   	 	 	
 MISCELLANEOUS
   	  	36 	  
 SECTION 11.01.
  	
 Counterparts; Entire Agreement; Corporate Power
   	  	36 	  
 SECTION 11.02.
  	
 Governing Law; Jurisdiction
   	  	36 	  
 SECTION 11.03.
  	
 Third-Party Beneficiaries
   	  	37 	  
 SECTION 11.04.
  	
 Notices
   	  	37 	  
 SECTION 11.05.
  	
 Export Control
   	  	38 	  
 SECTION 11.06.
  	
 Bankruptcy
   	  	38 	  
 SECTION 11.07.
  	
 Severability
   	  	38 	  
 SECTION 11.08.
  	
 Expenses
   	  	39 	  
 SECTION 11.09.
  	
 Headings
   	  	39 	  
 SECTION 11.10.
  	
 Survival of Covenants
   	  	39 	  
 SECTION 11.11.
  	
 Waivers of Default
   	  	39 	  
 SECTION 11.12.
  	
 Specific Performance
   	  	39 	  
 SECTION 11.13.
  	
 Amendments
   	  	39 	  
 SECTION 11.14.
  	
 Interpretation
   	  	39 	  
 
SCHEDULE A 	  	- 	  	Composite Intellectual Property Assignment Agreements
SCHEDULE A1
  	- 	  	Patent Assignment Agreement
SCHEDULE A2
  	- 	  	Trademark Assignment Agreement
SCHEDULE A3
  	- 	  	Copyright Assignment Agreement
SCHEDULE B 	  	- 	  	Transferred Intellectual Property Rights
SCHEDULE B1
  	- 	  	Transferred Patents and Transferred IDs
SCHEDULE B2
  	- 	  	Transferred Software and Transferred Projects
SCHEDULE B3
  	- 	  	Transferred Internet Properties
SCHEDULE B4
  	- 	  	Transferred Trademarks
SCHEDULE C 	  	- 	  	Retained Intellectual Property Rights
SCHEDULE C1
  	- 	  	Retained Tier 2 Patents and Retained Tier 2 IDs
SCHEDULE C2
  	- 	  	Retained Software and Retained Projects
SCHEDULE D 	  	- 	  	Conduent R&D Divisions
SCHEDULE E 	  	- 	  	Specified R&D Projects
SCHEDULE F 	  	- 	  	Xerox R&D Divisions
SCHEDULE G 	  	- 	  	Excluded R&D Projects
SCHEDULE H 	  	- 	  	Tier 2 License Terms
SCHEDULE I 	  	- 	  	Specified Purchase Patents, Specified Purchase IDs and 
Specified Purchase Projects
SCHEDULE J 	  	- 	  	Xerox Use Covenant
 
iii

------------------------------------------------------------------------
THIS INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY AGREEMENT is dated as of December 30, 2016 (this 
“Agreement”), by and between XEROX CORPORATION, a New York corporation (“
Xerox”), and CONDUENT INCORPORATED, a New York corporation (“Conduent”).


RECITALS

WHEREAS, in connection with the contemplated Spin-Off of Conduent and 
concurrently with the execution of this Agreement, Xerox and Conduent are 
entering into a Separation and Distribution Agreement (the “Separation 
Agreement”);

WHEREAS it is the intent of the Parties that Xerox assign, and cause the 
members of its Group to assign, certain intellectual property rights and 
certain technology to Conduent, and that Conduent grant a license back to 
Xerox in the assigned intellectual property rights, subject to the terms 
and conditions set forth in this Agreement; and

WHEREAS it is the intent of the Parties that Xerox license certain other 
intellectual property rights to Conduent and that Conduent license certain 
other intellectual property rights to Xerox.

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual agreements, provisions and 
covenants contained in this Agreement, the Parties, intending to be legally 
bound, hereby agree as follows:


ARTICLE I

DEFINITIONS

SECTION 1.01. Definitions. As used in this Agreement, the following terms 
have the following meanings:

“3POCM” has the meaning set forth in Section 2.02(b).

“Administrative IP Proceedings” has the meaning set forth in Section 5.02.

“Affiliate” has the meaning ascribed thereto in the Separation Agreement.

“BPO Business” has the meaning ascribed thereto in the Separation 
Agreement.

“BPO Business Technology” means all Technology used in designing, 
developing, manufacturing, selling, providing or supporting products, 
services and offerings of the BPO Business as they exist as of immediately 
prior to the Distribution.

“Common Infrastructure Copyrights” means copyrightable subject matter 
embodied in works that relate to the common internal business operations of 
the Xerox Business and the BPO Business as of or prior to the Distribution 
Date, including
 
1

------------------------------------------------------------------------
software, corporate policies, operating procedures, manager toolkits and 
employee training materials. Common Infrastructure Copyrights do not 
include (a) Copyrights in Xerox Commercial Software or Conduent Commercial 
Software; (b) Copyrights in works that are used exclusively in or relate 
exclusively to Xerox Products; or (c) Copyrights in works that are used 
exclusively in or relate exclusively to Conduent Products.

“Common Infrastructure Liabilities” means any Liabilities of either Party 
or any member of either Party’s Group (a) to the extent relating to, 
arising out of or resulting from (1) any Common Infrastructure Copyrights 
or (2) any Common Infrastructure Trade Secrets, and (b) arising or accrued 
at or prior to the Distribution.

“Common Infrastructure Rights” means Common Infrastructure Copyrights and 
Common Infrastructure Trade Secrets;

“Common Infrastructure Trade Secrets” means Trade Secrets that relate to 
the common internal business operations of the Xerox Business and the BPO 
Business as of or prior to the Distribution Date. Common Infrastructure 
Trade Secrets do not include (a) trade secrets that are used in or relate 
to Xerox Commercial Software or Conduent Commercial Software (including 
source code); (b) Trade Secrets that are used exclusively in or relate 
exclusively to Xerox Products; or (c) Trade Secrets that are used 
exclusively in or relate exclusively to Conduent Products.

“Conduent Commercial Software” means software that, as of immediately prior 
to the Distribution, the BPO Business had (a) released to one or more third 
parties for commercial sale, licensing, distribution or (if applicable) 
beta testing, or (b) used to offer or provide a commercial service to one 
or more third parties, including software as a service and hosted 
solutions.

“Conduent Common Infrastructure Liability Percentage” means 50%.

“Conduent Current Products” means products, services or offerings actually 
sold or offered by the BPO Business for commercial sale as of immediately 
prior to the Distribution. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Conduent Current 
Products shall not include Managed Print Services.

“Conduent Field” means (a) Conduent Current Products, (b) Conduent Future 
Products which are either actually sold or publicly offered for sale by 
Conduent before January 1, 2020 or during a Development Extension, if 
granted by Xerox, (c) Conduent’s new products, services or offerings which 
are (i) developed from a Conduent R&D Project and (ii) either actually sold 
or publicly offered for sale before January 1, 2022 or during a Development 
Extension, if granted by Xerox, (d) Conduent Legacy Products, and (e) 
reasonable extensions of, or improvements on, all of the items described in 
clauses (a) through (d) of this definition.

“Conduent Future Products” means new products, services or offerings that 
(a) as of immediately prior to the Distribution, the BPO Business had a 
business plan to offer for commercial sale before January 1, 2020, and (b) 
are not reasonable extensions of, or improvements on, either Conduent 
Current Products or Conduent Legacy Products. Notwithstanding the 
foregoing, the Conduent Future Products shall not include Managed Print 
Services.
 
2

------------------------------------------------------------------------
“Conduent Group” has the meaning ascribed thereto in the Separation 
Agreement.

“Conduent Indemnitees” has the meaning ascribed thereto in the Separation 
Agreement.

“Conduent Legacy Products” means products, services or offerings that: (a) 
are not actually offered by the BPO Business for commercial sale as of 
immediately prior to the Distribution, (b) were at one time prior to the 
Distribution actually offered for commercial sale by the BPO Business, and 
(c) Conduent will support after the Distribution, including providing 
warranty support, replacement components, repair services, bug fixes or 
meeting contractual support obligations. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the 
Conduent Legacy Products shall not include Managed Print Services.

“Conduent Patents” means the Conduent Tier 1 Patents and the Conduent Tier 
2 Patents.

“Conduent Products” means all products, services or offerings of the 
businesses in which Conduent or any member of its Group is or hereafter 
becomes engaged, by, without limitation, designing, making, using, 
distributing, selling, offering for sale, leasing, licensing, importing, 
exporting, supplying, disposing of or otherwise distributing, through 
multiple tiers of distribution, such products, services or offerings. The 
term Conduent Products includes the Technology embodied in or used to 
produce or deliver the products, services or offerings referred to in the 
preceding sentence as well as marketing and other collateral materials 
related thereto. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Conduent Products shall 
not include Managed Print Services.

“Conduent R&D Divisions” means the Conduent research and development 
divisions listed or described on Schedule D.

“Conduent R&D Projects” means (a) the Specified R&D Projects and (b) 
research or development projects underway prior to the Distribution within 
the Conduent R&D Divisions that are not reasonable extensions of, or 
improvements on, Conduent Current Products or Conduent Legacy Products. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, Conduent R&D Projects shall not include 
research and development projects related to Managed Print Services.

“Conduent Restricted Patent” means any Patent under which Conduent is 
restricted from granting a license to Xerox pursuant to an agreement with a 
third party.

“Conduent Tier 1 Patents” means (a) the Transferred Tier 1 Patents, (b) 
Patents with a First Effective Filing Date after the Distribution Date that 
embody an invention disclosed in any of the Transferred Tier 1 IDs and (c) 
every other Patent with a First Effective Filing Date prior to one year 
after the Distribution Date, that is owned or controlled by Conduent or any 
member of its Group as of or after the Distribution and
 
3

------------------------------------------------------------------------
that as of or after the Distribution Conduent or any member of its Group 
has the right under such Patent to grant licenses to Xerox of the scope 
granted by Conduent and the members of the Conduent Group to Xerox and the 
members of the Xerox Group in Article IV of this Agreement without the 
payment of royalties or other consideration to any third parties (excluding 
employees of Conduent and employees of members of its Group); provided, 
however, that no Patent shall be considered a Conduent Tier 1 Patent if it 
is a Conduent Restricted Patent.

“Conduent Tier 2 Patents” means (a) the Transferred Tier 2 Patents, and (b) 
Patents with a First Effective Filing Date after the Distribution Date that 
embody an invention disclosed in any of the Transferred Tier 2 IDs; 
provided, however, that no Patent shall be considered a Conduent Tier 2 
Patent if it is a Conduent Tier 1 Patent or a Conduent Restricted Patent.

“Consents” has the meaning ascribed thereto in the Separation Agreement.

“Copyrights” means copyrights, copyright registrations and applications 
therefor, moral rights and all other rights corresponding to the foregoing.

“Covenant Software” has the meaning ascribed thereto in Schedule J to this 
Agreement.

“Database Rights” means statutory and common law rights in databases and 
data collections (including knowledge databases, customer lists and 
customer databases) arising under the laws of any jurisdiction, whether 
registered or unregistered, and any applications for registration therefor.

“Development Extension” means, with respect to a Party’s Future Product or 
a Party’s R&D Project, an extension of the date by which such Future 
Product or a product, service or offering developed from such R&D Project 
must actually be sold commercially or be offered publicly for commercial 
sale to be included in the definition of that Party’s Primary Field. To 
obtain a Development Extension, the requesting Party must make its request 
in writing prior to January 1, 2020 and must provide a detailed description 
of the proposed Future Product and the duration of the Development 
Extension requested. The Party receiving a Development Extension request 
must respond within 30 days of receiving the request. The receiving Party’s 
consent to the other Party’s request for a Development Extension shall not 
be unreasonably withheld or delayed. The receiving Party’s failure to 
timely respond to a Development Extension request made in accordance with 
this provision will be deemed approval of the request.

“Distribution” has the meaning ascribed thereto in the Separation 
Agreement.

“Distribution Date” has the meaning ascribed thereto in the Separation 
Agreement.

“Divested Entity” has the meaning set forth in Section 8.02.
 
4

------------------------------------------------------------------------
“Docket Files” means electronic and paper copies (including originals) of 
the following items to the extent they are in possession or control of 
Xerox or any member of its Group as of the Distribution Date with respect 
to each Transferred Patent: (a) assignment agreements from inventors to 
Xerox or any member of the Xerox Group or the Conduent Group, (b) 
declarations and powers of attorney relating to the prosecution of the 
Transferred Patents, (c) invention submissions, (d) correspondence with all 
patent offices together with a list, including contact information, of each 
counsel and agent responsible for the prosecution or maintenance of the 
Transferred Patents known to be in possession of Docket Files, and (e) the 
original ribbon copy issued by the United States Patent and Trademark 
Office, or, for foreign Patents, the original ribbon copy or certificate 
issued by the applicable Governmental Authority.

“Excluded R&D Projects” means the research and development projects listed 
or described on Schedule G.

“Final Determination” has the meaning ascribed thereto in the TMA.

“First Effective Filing Date” means the earliest effective filing date in 
the applicable country for any Patent or any Patent application. By way of 
example, it is understood that the First Effective Filing Date for a United 
States Patent is the earlier of (a) the actual filing date of the 
application which issued into the Patent or (b) the priority date under 35 
U.S.C. §119 or §120 for such Patent.

“Future Product” means either a Xerox Future Product or a Conduent Future 
Product, as the context requires.

“Governmental Approvals” has the meaning ascribed thereto in the Separation 
Agreement.

“Governmental Authority” has the meaning ascribed thereto in the Separation 
Agreement.

“Group” has the meaning ascribed thereto in the Separation Agreement.

“Improvement” to any Intellectual Property Right or Technology means (a) 
with respect to Copyrights, any modifications, derivative works and 
translations of works of authorship in any medium, (b) with respect to 
Database Rights, any database that is created by extraction or use of 
another database and (c) with respect to Technology, any improvement or 
modification to the Trade Secrets that cover or are otherwise incorporated 
into such Technology.

“Indemnitee” has the meaning ascribed thereto in the Separation Agreement.

“Intellectual Property Liabilities” means all Liabilities relating to, 
arising out of or resulting from Intellectual Property Rights.
 
5

------------------------------------------------------------------------
“Intellectual Property Rights” or “IPR” means the rights associated with 
the following anywhere in the world: (a) Patents; (b) Trade Secrets; (c) 
Copyrights; (d) Internet Properties; (e) Database Rights; (f) Trademarks; 
and (g) any similar, corresponding or equivalent rights to any of the 
foregoing. Intellectual Property Rights specifically excludes contractual 
rights (including license grants from third parties) and also excludes the 
tangible embodiment of any of the foregoing in subsections (a) – (g).

“Internet Properties” means uniform resource locators and registered 
internet domain names (including social media handles and Internet user 
names).

“ITU Applications” has the meaning ascribed thereto in Section 2.01 of this 
Agreement.

“Law” has the meaning ascribed thereto in the Separation Agreement.

“Liability” has the meaning ascribed thereto in the Separation Agreement.

“Licensed Conduent IPR” means (a) the Conduent Patents and (b) all 
Intellectual Property Rights other than Patents and Trademarks (i) that are 
owned by Conduent or a member of its Group immediately following the 
Distribution or (ii) to the extent that Conduent or any member of its Group 
has the right immediately following the Distribution to grant licenses to 
Xerox of the scope granted by Conduent to Xerox in the corresponding 
sections of Article IV without the payment of royalties or other 
consideration to any third parties (excluding employees of Conduent and 
employees of the members of its Group); provided, however, that no 
Intellectual Property Right shall be considered Licensed Conduent IPR if 
Conduent is restricted from granting Xerox a license under any such 
Intellectual Property Right pursuant to an agreement with a third party.

“Licensed Conduent Source Code” means source code versions of Conduent 
software included in Licensed Conduent IPR.

“Licensed Xerox IPR” means (a) the Xerox Patents and (b) all Intellectual 
Property Rights other than Patents and Trademarks (i) that are owned by 
Xerox or a member of its Group immediately following the Distribution or 
(ii) to the extent that Xerox or any member of its Group has the right 
immediately following the Distribution to grant licenses to Conduent of the 
scope granted by Xerox to Conduent in the corresponding sections of Article 
III without the payment of royalties or other consideration to any third 
parties (excluding employees of Xerox and employees of the members of its 
Group); provided, however, that no Intellectual Property Right shall be 
considered Licensed Xerox IPR if Xerox is restricted from granting Conduent 
a license under any such Intellectual Property Right pursuant to an 
agreement with a third party.

“Licensed Xerox Source Code” means source code versions of Xerox software 
included in Licensed Xerox IPR.

“Licensor” has the meaning set forth in Section 5.08.
 
6

------------------------------------------------------------------------
“Managed Print Services” means a bundle of products or services offered 
directly or indirectly to a customer (or potential customer) primarily for 
the purpose of managing or optimizing the customer’s document output, which 
may include needs assessment; selective or general replacement of hardware; 
site optimization for performance, cost and service levels; management of 
devices (move, add, change, or dispose); management and delivery of 
supplies and consumables; provision of services, parts and supplies 
required to operate new or existing hardware; delivery of break or fix 
service; tracking and analysis of customer usage; and deployment of Xerox 
Service Management (XSM) tools including the XSM suite and related 
applications.

“Notifying Party” has the meaning set forth in Section 5.08.

“Party” means either party hereto, and “Parties” means both parties hereto.

“Patents” means patents, designs and utility models, and applications 
therefor (including any continuations, continuations-in-part, divisionals, 
reissues, renewals, extensions or modifications for any of the foregoing).

“Person” has the meaning ascribed thereto in the Separation Agreement.

“R&D Project” means either a Xerox R&D Project or a Conduent R&D Project, 
as the context requires.

“Retained Copyrights” means the Retained Tier 1 Copyrights and the Retained 
Tier 2 Copyrights.

“Retained Tier 1 Copyrights” means all Copyrights that are included in 
Licensed Xerox IPR (or would be included in Licensed Xerox IPR but for a 
restriction on licensing pursuant to an agreement with a third party) other 
than the Retained Tier 2 Copyrights, including Copyrights in or to (i) the 
software identified in Schedule C2 hereto under the heading “Retained Tier 
1 Software”, and (ii) the projects (and associated research documentation) 
identified in Schedule C2 hereto under the heading “Retained Tier 1 
Projects”. For the avoidance of doubt, Retained Tier 1 Copyrights do not 
include any Transferred Copyrights.

“Retained Tier 1 IDs” means every written invention disclosure submitted to 
the Xerox Intellectual Property Department on or before the Distribution 
Date other than the Transferred IDs and the Retained Tier 2 IDs.

“Retained Tier 1 Patents” means all Xerox Patents other than the Retained 
Tier 2 Patents.

“Retained Tier 1 Trade Secrets” means all Trade Secrets that are included 
in Licensed Xerox IPR (or would be included in Licensed Xerox IPR but for a 
restriction on licensing pursuant to an agreement with a third party) other 
than the Retained Tier 2 Trade Secrets, including Trade Secrets included in 
or embodied by (a) the Retained Tier 1 IDs; (b) the software identified in 
Schedule C2 hereto under the heading “Retained Tier 1 Software”, and (c) 
the projects (and associated research documentation) identified in Schedule 
C2 hereto under the heading “Retained Tier 1 Projects”. For the avoidance 
of doubt, Retained Tier 1 Trade Secrets do not include any Transferred 
Trade Secrets.
 
7

------------------------------------------------------------------------
“Retained Tier 2 Copyrights” means all Copyrights in or to: (a) the 
software identified in Schedule C2 hereto under the heading “Retained Tier 
2 Software” and (b) the projects (and associated research documentation) 
identified in Schedule C2 hereto under the heading “Retained Tier 2 
Projects”.

“Retained Tier 2 IDs” means the Xerox invention disclosures identified in 
Schedule C1 hereto.

“Retained Tier 2 Patents” means the Xerox Patents identified in Schedule C1 
hereto.

“Retained Tier 2 Trade Secrets” means (a) the Retained Tier 2 IDs, and (b) 
the Trade Secrets included in or embodied by (i) the software identified in 
Schedule C2 hereto under the heading as “Retained Tier 2 Software” and (ii) 
the projects (and associated research code and documentation) identified in 
Schedule C2 hereto under the heading “Retained Tier 2 Projects”.

“Retained Trade Secrets” means the Retained Tier 1 Trade Secrets and the 
Retained Tier 2 Trade Secrets.

“Security Interest” means any mortgage, security interest, pledge, lien, 
charge, claim, option, right to acquire, voting or other restriction, 
right-of-way, covenant, condition, easement, encroachment, restriction on 
transfer or other encumbrance of any nature whatsoever.

“Software Derivatives” means a revision, reparation, adaptation, 
enhancement, modification, translation, localization, abridgment, 
condensation, expansion and any other form into which software may be 
transformed or ported.

“Specified Purchase IDs” means the invention disclosures identified in 
Schedule I hereto under the heading “Specified Purchase Patents and 
Specified Purchase IDs”.

“Specified Purchase Patents” means the Patents identified in Schedule I 
hereto under the heading “Specified Purchase Patents and Specified Purchase 
IDs”.

“Specified Purchase Price” has the meaning ascribed thereto in Schedule I 
to this Agreement.

“Specified Purchase Projects” means the projects (and associated research 
code and documentation) identified in Schedule I hereto under the heading 
“Specified Purchase Projects”.
 
8

------------------------------------------------------------------------
“Specified R&D Projects” means the research and development projects listed 
or described on Schedule E.

“Spin-Off” has the meaning ascribed thereto in the Separation Agreement.

“Subsidiary” has the meaning ascribed thereto in the Separation Agreement.

“Technology” means tangible embodiments, whether in electronic, written or 
other media, of copyrightable works, technology (including designs, design 
and manufacturing documentation, engineering drawings, such as bill of 
materials, build instructions and test reports), sales documentation (such 
as marketing materials, installation manuals, service manuals, user 
manuals) schematics, algorithms, routines, software, databases, laboratory 
notebooks, development and lab equipment, processes, prototypes and 
devices. Technology does not include Intellectual Property Rights, 
including any Intellectual Property Rights in any of the foregoing.

“TLA” means the Trademark License Agreement dated as of the date of this 
Agreement among Xerox, Xerox Overseas, Inc. and Conduent.

“TMA” means the Tax Matters Agreement dated as of the date of this 
Agreement by and between Xerox and Conduent.

“Trade Secrets” means information, including a formula, pattern, 
compilation, program, device, method, technique or process, that (i) 
derives independent economic value, actual or potential, from not being 
generally known to, and not being readily ascertainable by proper means by, 
other persons who can obtain economic value from its disclosure or use, and 
(ii) is the subject of efforts that are reasonable under the circumstances 
to maintain its secrecy, and all other rights in or to confidential 
business or technical information. For the avoidance of doubt, confidential 
invention disclosures shall be considered Trade Secrets.

“Trademarks” means trademarks and service marks, including common law 
marks, trade names, business names, designs, logos and trade dress, whether 
registered or unregistered, and the goodwill appurtenant to each of the 
foregoing.

“Transferred Copyrights” means Copyrights in or to the BPO Business 
Technology, whether registered or unregistered, that are owned by Xerox or 
a member of its Group as of immediately prior to the Distribution and that 
are primarily used in the BPO Business, including the Copyrights in or to 
the software and projects (and associated research code and documentation) 
identified in Schedule B2. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Transferred 
Copyrights do not include (a) Copyrights in Xerox Commercial Software; (b) 
Copyrights in works that are used exclusively in or relate exclusively to 
Xerox Products; (c) the Common Infrastructure Copyrights; or (d) the 
Retained Copyrights.

“Transferred Database Rights” means Database Rights in and to the BPO 
Business Technology that are owned by Xerox or a member of its Group as of 
immediately prior to the Distribution and that are primarily used in the 
BPO Business. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Transferred Database 
Rights shall not include any Retained Copyrights or Retained Trade Secrets.
 
9

------------------------------------------------------------------------
“Transferred IDs” means the Transferred Tier 1 IDs and the Transferred Tier 
2 IDs.

“Transferred Intellectual Property Liabilities” means (a) all Liabilities 
relating to, arising out of or resulting from the Transferred Intellectual 
Property Rights and (b) the Conduent Common Infrastructure Liability 
Percentage of any Common Infrastructure Liabilities.

“Transferred Intellectual Property Rights” means (a) the Transferred 
Patents, (b) the Transferred Copyrights, (c) the Transferred Internet 
Properties, (d) the Transferred Database Rights, (e) the Transferred Trade 
Secrets (including, for the avoidance of doubt, the Transferred IDs) and 
(f) the Transferred Trademarks.

“Transferred Internet Properties” means Internet Properties (a) identified 
in Schedule B3 or (b) primarily used by the BPO Business, in each case 
except for trademarks containing “Xerox,” or “XBS” or any transliteration 
or translation thereof; any version of the “Xerox and Design” logo; or the 
“Xerox Signature”.

“Transferred Patents” means the Transferred Tier 1 Patents and the 
Transferred Tier 2 Patents.

“Transferred Tier 1 Copyrights” means all Copyrights that are included in 
Licensed Conduent IPR (or would be included in Licensed Conduent IPR but 
for a restriction on licensing pursuant to an agreement with a third party) 
other than the Transferred Tier 2 Copyrights, including all Copyrights in 
or to: (a) the software identified in Schedule B2 hereto under the heading 
“Transferred Tier 1 Software” and (b) the projects (and associated research 
code and documentation) identified in Schedule B2 hereto under the heading 
“Transferred Tier 1 Projects”. For the avoidance of doubt, Copyrights in or 
to any application that incorporates or utilizes core tools that are 
included in Transferred Tier 1 Copyrights shall not be considered 
Transferred Tier 1 Copyrights unless, independent of such application’s 
associated core tools, (i) the Copyrights in the application itself would 
qualify as Transferred Tier 1 Copyrights under the immediately preceding 
sentence, or (ii) the application itself is primarily used by the BPO 
Business and is not identified in Schedule C2 hereto.

“Transferred Tier 1 IDs” means the invention disclosures identified in 
Schedule B1 hereto under the heading “Transferred Tier 1 Patents and 
Transferred Tier 1 IDs”.

“Transferred Tier 1 Patents” means the Patents identified in Schedule B1 
hereto under the heading “Transferred Tier 1 Patents and Transferred Tier 1 
IDs”.

“Transferred Tier 1 Trade Secrets” means, except for the Transferred Tier 2 
Trade Secrets, all Trade Secrets that are included the Licensed Conduent 
IPR (or would
 
10

------------------------------------------------------------------------
be included in Licensed Conduent IPR but for a restriction on licensing 
pursuant to an agreement with a third party), including all Trade Secrets 
included in or embodied by: (a) the Transferred Tier 1 IDs; (b) the 
software identified in Schedule B2 hereto under the heading “Transferred 
Tier 1 Software” and (c) the research projects (and associated research 
code and documentation) identified in Schedule B2 hereto under the heading 
“Transferred Tier 1 Projects”. For the avoidance of doubt, Trade Secrets 
included in or embodied by any application that incorporates or utilizes 
core tools that are included in Transferred Tier 1 Trade Secrets shall not 
be considered Transferred Tier 1 Trade Secrets unless, independent of such 
application’s associated core tools, (i) the Trade Secrets in the 
application itself would qualify as Transferred Tier 1 Trade Secrets under 
the immediately preceding sentence, or (ii) the application itself is 
primarily used by the BPO Business and is not identified in Schedule C2 
hereto.

“Transferred Tier 2 Copyrights” means all Copyrights in or to: (a) the 
software identified in Schedule B2 to this Agreement under the heading 
“Transferred Tier 2 Software” and (b) the projects (and associated research 
documentation) identified in Schedule B2 hereto under the heading 
“Transferred Tier 2 Projects”. For the avoidance of doubt, Copyrights in or 
to any application that incorporates or utilizes core tools that are 
included in Transferred Tier 2 Copyrights shall not be considered 
Transferred Tier 2 Copyrights unless, independent of such application’s 
associated core tools, (i) the Copyrights in the application itself would 
qualify as Transferred Tier 2 Copyrights under the immediately preceding 
sentence, or (ii) the application itself is primarily used by the BPO 
Business and is not identified in Schedule C2 hereto.

“Transferred Tier 2 IDs” means the invention disclosures identified in 
Schedule B1 hereto under the heading “Transferred Tier 2 Patents and 
Transferred Tier 2 IDs”.

“Transferred Tier 2 Patents” means the Patents identified in Schedule B1 
hereto under the heading “Transferred Tier 2 Patents and Transferred Tier 2 
IDs”.

“Transferred Tier 2 Trade Secrets” means the Trade Secrets included in or 
embodied by: (a) the Transferred Tier 2 IDs; (b) the software identified in 
Schedule B2 hereto under the heading “Transferred Tier 2 Software”; and (c) 
the projects (and associated research documentation) identified in Schedule 
B2 hereto under the heading “Transferred Tier 2 Projects”. For the 
avoidance of doubt, Trade Secrets included in or embodied by any 
application that incorporates or utilizes core tools that are included in 
Transferred Tier 2 Trade Secrets shall not be considered Transferred Tier 2 
Trade Secrets unless, independent of such application’s associated core 
tools, (i) the Trade Secrets in the application itself would qualify as 
Transferred Tier 2 Trade Secrets under the immediately preceding sentence, 
or (ii) the application itself is primarily used by the BPO Business and is 
not identified in Schedule C2 hereto.

“Transferred Trade Secrets” means the Trade Secrets known to the Parties 
that are owned by Xerox or a member of its Group as of immediately prior to 
the Distribution and that are primarily used by the BPO Business, including 
the Transferred
 
11

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Tier 1 Trade Secrets and the Transferred Tier 2 Trade Secrets. For the 
avoidance of doubt, Transferred Trade Secrets do not include: (a) any Trade 
Secrets that are used exclusively in or relate exclusively to Xerox 
Products; (b) Common Infrastructure Trade Secrets; or (c) Retained Trade 
Secrets.

“Transferred Trademarks” means all Trademarks which prior to the 
Distribution Date were used solely with regard to products, services and 
offerings of the BPO Business, including those trademarks identified in 
Schedule B4, except for trademarks containing “Xerox,” or “XBS” or any 
transliteration or translation thereof; any version of the “Xerox and 
Design” logo; or the “Xerox Signature”; all of which are and shall remain 
owned by Xerox.

“Xerox Business” has the meaning ascribed thereto in the Separation 
Agreement.

“Xerox Commercial Software” means software that, as of immediately prior to 
the Distribution, the Xerox Business had (a) released to one or more third 
parties for commercial sale, licensing, distribution or (if applicable) 
beta testing, or (b) used to offer or provide a commercial service to one 
or more third parties, including software as a service and hosted 
solutions.

“Xerox Common Infrastructure Liability Percentage” means 50%.

“Xerox Current Products” means products, services or offerings, including 
Managed Print Services, actually sold or offered by the Xerox Business for 
commercial sale as of immediately prior to the Distribution.

“Xerox Field” means (a) Xerox Current Products, (b) Xerox Future Products 
which are either actually sold or publicly offered for sale by Xerox before 
January 1, 2020 or during a Development Extension, if granted by Conduent, 
(c) Xerox’s new products, services or offerings which are (i) developed 
from a Xerox R&D Project and (ii) either actually sold or publicly offered 
for sale before January 1, 2022 or during a Development Extension, if 
granted by Conduent, (d) Xerox Legacy Products, and (e) reasonable 
extensions of, or improvements on, all of the items described in clauses 
(a) through (d) of this definition.

“Xerox Future Products” means new products, services or offerings, 
including Managed Print Services, that (a) as of immediately prior to the 
Distribution, the Xerox Business had a business plan to offer for 
commercial sale before January 1, 2020, and (b) are not reasonable 
extensions of, or improvements on, either Xerox Current Products or Xerox 
Legacy Products.

“Xerox Group” has the meaning ascribed thereto in the Separation Agreement.

“Xerox Indemnitees” has the meaning ascribed thereto in the Separation 
Agreement.
 
12

------------------------------------------------------------------------
“Xerox Legacy Products” means products, services or offerings, including 
Managed Print Services, that: (a) are not actually offered by the Xerox 
Business for commercial sale as of immediately prior to the Distribution, 
(b) were at one time prior to the Distribution actually offered for 
commercial sale by the Xerox Business and (c) Xerox will support after the 
Distribution, including providing warranty support, replacement components, 
repair services, bug fixes or meeting contractual support obligations.

“Xerox Patents” means every Patent other than the Transferred Patents (a) 
with a First Effective Filing Date prior to one year after the Distribution 
Date, or (b) with a First Effective Filing Date after the Distribution Date 
which embodies an invention described in a written invention disclosure 
submitted to the Xerox Intellectual Property Law Department on or before 
the Distribution Date, that is owned or controlled by Xerox or any member 
of its Group as of or after the Distribution and that as of or after the 
Distribution Xerox or any member of its Group has the right under such 
Patent to grant licenses to Conduent of the scope granted by Xerox and the 
members of the Xerox Group to Conduent and the members of the Conduent 
Group in Article III of this Agreement without the payment of royalties or 
other consideration to any third parties (excluding employees of Xerox and 
employees of members of its Group); provided, however, that no Patent shall 
be considered a Xerox Patent if it is a Xerox Restricted Patent.

“Xerox Products” means all products, services or offerings, including 
Managed Print Services, of the businesses in which Xerox or any member of 
its Group is or hereafter becomes engaged, by, without limitation, 
designing, making, using, distributing, selling, offering for sale, 
leasing, licensing, importing, exporting, supplying, disposing of or 
otherwise distributing, through multiple tiers of distribution, such 
products, services or offerings, including the business of making (but not 
having made) third party products for third parties when Xerox or any 
member of its Group is acting as a contract manufacturer or foundry for 
such third parties. The term Xerox Products includes the Technology 
embodied in or used to make or deliver the products, services or offerings 
referred to in the preceding sentence as well as marketing and other 
collateral materials related thereto.

“Xerox R&D Divisions” means the Xerox research and development divisions 
listed or described on Schedule F.

“Xerox R&D Projects” means (a) the Excluded R&D Projects and (b) research 
or development projects underway prior to the Distribution within the Xerox 
R&D Divisions that are not reasonable extensions of, or improvements on, 
Xerox Current Products or Xerox Legacy Products.

“Xerox Restricted Patent” means any Patent under which Xerox is restricted 
from granting a license to Conduent pursuant to an agreement with a third 
party.
 
13

------------------------------------------------------------------------
ARTICLE II

TRANSFERRED INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS AND TECHNOLOGY AND ASSUMPTION OF 
LIABILITIES

SECTION 2.01. Assignment of Intellectual Property Rights. (a) Subject to 
the terms and conditions of this Agreement, effective as of the 
Distribution, Xerox hereby sells, assigns, transfers and conveys, and 
agrees to cause the members of its Group to hereby, sell, assign, transfer 
and convey, to Conduent all of the right, title and interest of the Xerox 
Group in, to and under all Transferred Intellectual Property Rights, 
subject to the licenses granted to Xerox and the members of its Group in 
Article IV below and all other licenses granted or that a Party has an 
obligation to grant under any such Intellectual Property Rights existing 
and in full force and effect as of immediately prior to the Distribution 
(subject to the terms and conditions contained in each such license). 
Without limitation to the generality of the foregoing, with respect to any 
United States intent-to-use trademark applications included in the 
Transferred Intellectual Property Rights (“ITU Applications”), the 
assignment granted hereunder accompanies the transfer of the business or 
portion of the business of the assignor to which such ITU Applications 
pertain, and that business is ongoing and existing, or the transfer of such 
ITU Applications shall not be effective until the expiration of any period 
during which the assignment thereof would impair, under applicable federal 
law, the registrability of such ITU Applications or the validity or 
enforceability of registrations issuing from such ITU Applications. The 
assignment of Transferred Intellectual Property Rights herein includes all 
of Xerox’s and its Group members’ right, title and interest in and to any 
and all proceeds, causes of action and rights of recovery against third 
parties for past and future infringement, misappropriation or other 
violation or impairment of any of the Transferred Intellectual Property 
Rights. The Parties shall, and shall cause their respective Group members 
(as applicable) to, execute intellectual property assignments in a form 
substantially similar to that attached as Schedule A1 (the “Patent 
Assignment Agreement”), Schedule A2 (the “Trademark Assignment Agreement”), 
and Schedule A3 (the “Copyright Assignment”), as well as such additional 
case specific assignments as deemed appropriate to carry out the intent of 
the Parties, as applicable (collectively, the “Intellectual Property 
Assignment Agreements”), for recordation with the appropriate Governmental 
Authority.

(b) Recording Change of Ownership of the Transferred Intellectual Property 
Rights. Conduent shall have the sole responsibility, at its sole cost and 
expense, to file the Intellectual Property Assignment Agreements and any 
other forms or documents as required to record the assignment of any 
Transferred Intellectual Property Rights from Xerox and the members of its 
Group to Conduent; provided, however, that, upon written request, Xerox 
shall provide reasonable assistance to Conduent to record the assignment, 
at Conduent’s sole cost and expense.

(c) Responsibility for Transferred Patents. Xerox shall pay all fees 
incurred and respond to all office actions due with respect to the 
Transferred Patents up to and including the Distribution Date. Conduent 
shall, in its sole discretion, pay all fees incurred and respond to all 
office actions due with respect to the Transferred Patents after the 
Distribution Date. At or prior to the Distribution, Xerox shall provide 
Conduent with a listing, in a form to be agreed upon by the Parties, of: 
(i) all known responses to office
 
14

------------------------------------------------------------------------
actions and fees due with respect to the Transferred Patents in all 
relevant jurisdictions with due dates within 120 days of the Distribution 
Date; and (ii) a copy of all hard-copy or digitally stored Docket Files 
relating to the Transferred Patents, unless such files are in the 
possession of Xerox’s outside counsel or agents, in which case Xerox shall 
send written instructions to its counsel and agents directing them to act 
in accordance with Conduent’s instructions with respect to such files.

(d) Purchase of Certain Transferred Patents. The Parties hereby expressly 
agree that, as consideration for the sale, assignment, transfer and 
conveyance of the Specified Purchase Patents, Specified Purchase IDs and 
Specified Purchase Projects included in the Transferred Intellectual 
Property Rights pursuant to this Section 2.01, Conduent (or any applicable 
member of its Group) shall pay to Xerox (or any applicable member of its 
Group) an amount equal to the Specified Purchase Price, at such time and by 
such method as shall reasonably be agreed by the Parties.

SECTION 2.02. Common Infrastructure Copyrights. (a) Common Infrastructure 
Copyrights shall be co-owned by Xerox and Conduent. Accordingly, each 
Party, or the applicable member of its Group, transfers and assigns (as 
assignor) to the other Party (as assignee), effective as of the 
Distribution Date, an undivided one-half part of the whole right, title, 
and interest in Common Infrastructure Copyrights owned by the assignor as 
of the Distribution Date, such undivided one-half part to be held and 
enjoyed by the assignee, as fully and entirely as the same would have been 
held and enjoyed by the assignor if this transfer had not been made. Upon a 
Party’s written request, the other Party (and, to the extent necessary, the 
members of its Group) shall execute documents confirming the assignment of 
such co-ownership interest to the requesting Party. Subject to Article VI, 
each co-owner shall be free to exploit the Common Infrastructure Copyrights 
without further consent and without accounting to the other co-owner. Each 
Party shall indemnify, defend and hold harmless the other Party, each other 
member of the other Party’s Group, and each of their respective former and 
current directors, officers and employees, and each of the heirs, 
executors, successors and assigns of any of the foregoing from and against 
any and all Liabilities arising out of or resulting from the indemnifying 
Party’s or any member of its Group’s exploitation of the Common 
Infrastructure Copyrights following the Distribution.

(b) The Parties acknowledge that some of the materials associated with 
Common Infrastructure Copyrights (e.g., documents, PowerPoint slides, photo 
libraries, etc.) may also contain third party-owned copyrighted material (“
3POCM”) such as fonts, images and graphics, which are licensed to a Party. 
This provision therefore does not extend to such 3POCM, and each Party is 
solely responsible for obtaining its own licenses to the 3POCM. Each Party 
shall indemnify, defend and hold harmless the other Party, each other 
member of the other Party’s Group, and each of their respective former and 
current directors, officers and employees, and each of the heirs, 
executors, successors and assigns of any of the foregoing from and against 
any and all claims by third parties arising out of or relating to the 
indemnifying Party’s or any member of its Group’s use or exploitation of 
3POCM following the Distribution.
 
15

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(c) Notwithstanding the foregoing, and except as expressly permitted by the 
TLA, the use of any Common Infrastructure Copyrights by or for one Party, 
and any works related to, or based upon, any of the Common Infrastructure 
Copyrights, may not contain any references to the other Party or any member 
of its Group (or any of its or their marks, names, trade dress, logos or 
other source or business identifiers), the other Party’s or any member of 
its Group’s publications, personnel (including senior management) or 
management structures, or any other indication (other than the verbatim or 
paraphrased reproduction of the content) that such works are based upon any 
Common Infrastructure Copyrights that originated with the other Party or 
any member of its Group.

(d) Neither Xerox nor Conduent shall have any obligation to the other to 
(i) notify of any changes or proposed changes to any of the Common 
Infrastructure Copyrights, (ii) include the other in any consideration of 
proposed changes to any of the Common Infrastructure Copyrights, (iii) 
provide draft changes of any of the Common Infrastructure Copyrights to the 
other for review or comment or (iv) provide the other with any updated 
materials relating to any of the Common Infrastructure Copyrights.

SECTION 2.03. Common Infrastructure Trade Secrets. Common Infrastructure 
Trade Secrets shall be co-owned by Xerox and Conduent. Accordingly, each 
Party, or the applicable member of its Group, transfers and assigns (as 
assignor) to the other Party (as assignee), effective as of the 
Distribution Date, an undivided one-half part of the whole right, title, 
and interest in Common Infrastructure Trade Secrets owned by the assignor 
as of the Distribution Date, such undivided one-half part to be held and 
enjoyed by the assignee, as fully and entirely as the same would have been 
held and enjoyed by the assignor if this transfer had not been made. Upon a 
Party’s written request, the other Party (and, to the extent necessary, the 
members of its Group) shall execute documents confirming the assignment of 
such co-ownership interest to the requesting Party. Subject to Article VI, 
below, each co-owner shall be free to exploit the Common Infrastructure 
Trade Secrets without further consent and without accounting to the other 
co-owner. Notwithstanding the foregoing, neither of the joint owners 
(Conduent, Xerox) shall make a Common Infrastructure Trade Secret public or 
otherwise destroy or impair the Trade Secret status of a Common 
Infrastructure Trade Secret without the advance, written consent of the 
other joint owner. Each Party shall indemnify, defend and hold harmless the 
other Party, each other member of the other Party’s Group, and each of 
their respective former and current directors, officers and employees, and 
each of the heirs, executors, successors and assigns of any of the 
foregoing from and against any and all Liabilities arising out of or 
resulting from the indemnifying Party’s or any member of its Group’s 
exploitation of the Common Infrastructure Trade Secrets following the 
Distribution.

SECTION 2.04. Acceptance and Assumption of Transferred Intellectual 
Property Liabilities. Subject to the terms and conditions of this 
Agreement, effective as of the Distribution, Conduent shall, and shall 
cause the applicable members of its Group to, accept, assume and agree 
faithfully to perform, discharge and fulfill the Transferred Intellectual 
Property Liabilities in accordance with their respective terms. Conduent 
shall, and shall cause the applicable members of its Group to, be 
responsible for all Transferred Intellectual Property Liabilities, 
regardless of when or where such Transferred
 
16

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Intellectual Property Liabilities arose or arise, or whether the facts on 
which they are based occurred prior to, at or subsequent to the 
Distribution, regardless of where or against whom such Transferred 
Intellectual Property Liabilities are asserted or determined or whether 
asserted or determined prior to the date of this Agreement. Notwithstanding 
the foregoing, for the avoidance of doubt, the scope of Conduent’s 
obligations with respect to any Common Infrastructure Liabilities shall be 
co-extensive with, and not greater than, the scope of Xerox’s obligations 
with respect to Common Infrastructure Liabilities.

SECTION 2.05. Acceptance and Assumption by Xerox of Common Infrastructure 
Liabilities. Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, 
effective as of the Distribution, Xerox shall, and shall cause the 
applicable members of its Group to, accept, assume and agree faithfully to 
perform, discharge and fulfill the Xerox Common Infrastructure Liability 
Percentage of any Common Infrastructure Liabilities in accordance with 
their respective terms. Xerox shall, and shall cause the applicable members 
of its Group to, be responsible for the Xerox Common Infrastructure 
Liability Percentage of any Common Infrastructure Liabilities, regardless 
of where such Common Infrastructure Liabilities arose, or whether such 
Common Infrastructure Liabilities are asserted or determined prior to or 
after the date of this Agreement.

SECTION 2.06. Delayed Transfers; Wrong Pockets. (a) In the event that it is 
discovered after the Distribution that there was an omission of (i) the 
transfer or conveyance by Xerox (or a member of the Xerox Group) or the 
acceptance or assumption by Conduent (or a member of the Conduent Group) of 
any Transferred Intellectual Property Right, Transferred Intellectual 
Property Liability, Common Infrastructure Right or Common Infrastructure 
Liability, as the case may be, or (ii) the transfer or conveyance by one 
Party (or any other member of its Group) to, or the acceptance or 
assumption by, the other Party (or any other member of its Group) of any 
Intellectual Property Right, Intellectual Property Liability, Common 
Infrastructure Right or Common Infrastructure Liability, as the case may 
be, that, had the Parties given specific consideration to such Intellectual 
Property Right, Intellectual Property Liability, Common Infrastructure 
Right or Common Infrastructure Liability prior to the Distribution, would 
have otherwise been so transferred, conveyed, accepted or assumed, as the 
case may be, pursuant to this Agreement, the Parties shall use reasonable 
best efforts to promptly effect such transfer, conveyance, acceptance or 
assumption of such Intellectual Property Right, Intellectual Property 
Liability, Common Infrastructure Right or Common Infrastructure Liability. 
Any transfer, conveyance, acceptance or assumption made pursuant to this 
Section 2.06(a) shall be treated by the Parties for all purposes as if it 
had occurred as of the Distribution, except as otherwise required by 
applicable Law or a Final Determination.

(b) In the event that it is discovered after the Distribution that there 
was a transfer or conveyance by Xerox (or a member of the Xerox Group) to, 
or the acceptance or assumption by, Conduent (or a member of the Conduent 
Group) of any Transferred Intellectual Property Right, Transferred 
Intellectual Property Liability, Common Infrastructure Right or Common 
Infrastructure Liability, as the case may be, that should not have been 
transferred, the Parties shall use reasonable best efforts to promptly 
transfer or convey such Transferred Intellectual Property Right, 
Transferred
 
17

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Intellectual Property Liability, Common Infrastructure Right or Common 
Infrastructure Liability back to the transferring or conveying Party or to 
rescind any acceptance or assumption of such Transferred Intellectual 
Property Right, Transferred Intellectual Property Liability, Common 
Infrastructure Right or Common Infrastructure Liability, as the case may 
be. Any transfer or conveyance made or acceptance or assumption rescinded 
pursuant to this Section 2.06(b) shall be treated by the Parties for all 
purposes as if such Transferred Intellectual Property Right, Transferred 
Intellectual Property Liability, Common Infrastructure Right or Common 
Infrastructure Liability had never been originally transferred, conveyed, 
accepted or assumed, as the case may be, except as otherwise required by 
applicable Law or a Final Determination.

(c) To the extent that any transfer or conveyance of any Intellectual 
Property Right or Common Infrastructure Right or acceptance or assumption 
of any Intellectual Property Liability or Common Infrastructure Liability 
required by this Agreement to be so transferred, conveyed, accepted or 
assumed shall not have been effected as of the Distribution Date, the 
Parties shall use reasonable best efforts to effect such transfer, 
conveyance, acceptance or assumption as promptly following the Distribution 
Date as shall be practicable. Nothing in this Agreement shall be deemed to 
require the transfer or conveyance of any Intellectual Property Rights or 
Common Infrastructure Rights or the acceptance or assumption of any 
Intellectual Property Liabilities or Common Infrastructure Liabilities 
which by their terms or operation of Law cannot be so transferred, 
conveyed, accepted or assumed; provided, however, that the Parties shall 
use reasonable best efforts to obtain any necessary Consents for the 
transfer, conveyance, acceptance or assumption (as applicable) of all 
Transferred Intellectual Property Rights, Transferred Intellectual Property 
Liabilities, Common Infrastructure Rights and Common Infrastructure 
Liabilities required by this Agreement to be so transferred, conveyed, 
accepted or assumed; provided further that neither Party nor any member of 
its Group shall be required to contribute capital, pay or grant any 
consideration or concession in any form (including providing any letter of 
credit, guaranty or other financial accommodation) to any Person in order 
to obtain or make any such Consent. In the event that any such transfer, 
conveyance, acceptance or assumption (as applicable) has not been completed 
effective as of and after the Distribution Date, the Party retaining such 
Transferred Intellectual Property Right, Transferred Intellectual Property 
Liability, Common Infrastructure Right or Common Infrastructure Liability 
(or the member of the Party’s Group retaining such Transferred Intellectual 
Property Right, Transferred Intellectual Property Liability, Common 
Infrastructure Right or Common Infrastructure Liability) shall thereafter 
hold such Intellectual Property Right or Common Infrastructure Right for 
the use and benefit of the Party entitled thereto (at the expense of the 
Party entitled thereto) and retain such Intellectual Property Liability or 
Common Infrastructure Liability for the account, and at the expense, of the 
Party by whom such Intellectual Property Liability or Common Infrastructure 
Liability should have been assumed or accepted pursuant to this Agreement, 
and take such other actions as may be reasonably requested by the Party to 
which such Intellectual Property Right or Common Infrastructure Right 
should have been transferred or conveyed, or by whom such Intellectual 
Property Liability or Common Infrastructure Liability should have been 
assumed or accepted, as the case may be, in order to place such Party, 
insofar as reasonably possible, in the same position as would have existed 
had such Transferred
 
18

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Intellectual Property Right, Transferred Intellectual Property Liability, 
Common Infrastructure Right or Common Infrastructure Liability been 
transferred, conveyed, accepted or assumed (as applicable) as contemplated 
by this Agreement, including possession, use, risk of loss, potential for 
gain/loss and control over such Transferred Intellectual Property Right, 
Transferred Intellectual Property Liability, Common Infrastructure Right or 
Common Infrastructure Liability. As and when any such Transferred 
Intellectual Property Right, Transferred Intellectual Property Liability, 
Common Infrastructure Right or Common Infrastructure Liability becomes 
transferable, the Parties shall use reasonable best efforts to promptly 
effect such transfer, conveyance, acceptance or assumption (as applicable). 
Any transfer, conveyance, acceptance or assumption made pursuant to this 
Section 2.06(c) shall be treated by the Parties for all purposes as if it 
had occurred as of the Distribution Date, except as otherwise required by 
applicable Law or a Final Determination.

(d) The Party retaining any Transferred Intellectual Property Right, 
Transferred Intellectual Property Liability, Common Infrastructure Right or 
Common Infrastructure Liability due to the deferral of the transfer and 
conveyance of such Intellectual Property Right or Common Infrastructure 
Right or the deferral of the acceptance and assumption of such Intellectual 
Property Liability or Common Infrastructure Liability pursuant to this 
Section 2.06 or otherwise shall not be obligated by this Agreement, in 
connection with this Section 2.06, to expend any money or take any action 
that would require the expenditure of money (other than reasonable 
out-of-pocket expenses, attorneys’ fees and recording or similar fees, all 
of which shall be promptly reimbursed by the Party or the member of the 
Party’s Group entitled to such Intellectual Property Right or Common 
Infrastructure Right or intended to assume such Intellectual Property 
Liability or Common Infrastructure Liability, as applicable) unless and to 
the extent the Party or the member of the Party’s Group entitled to such 
Intellectual Property Right or Common Infrastructure Right or intended to 
assume such Intellectual Property Liability or Common Infrastructure 
Liability, as applicable, advances or agrees to reimburse it for the 
applicable expenditures.


ARTICLE III

LICENSES FROM XEROX TO CONDUENT

SECTION 3.01. License Grants. Xerox hereby grants, and agrees to cause the 
members of the Xerox Group to hereby grant, to Conduent and the members of 
the Conduent Group the following personal, irrevocable (except as set forth 
in Article VIII and Article IX), non-exclusive (except as set forth in 
Section 3.01(a) of Schedule H), worldwide, royalty-free and 
non-transferable (except as set forth in Article VIII) licenses under the 
Licensed Xerox IPR subject to the terms of this Agreement as follows:

(a) Patents.

(i) Under the Retained Tier 1 Patents that are included in Licensed Xerox 
IPR, to do the following with regard to Conduent Products solely within
 
19

------------------------------------------------------------------------
the Conduent Field: (A) to make (including the right to practice any 
methods, processes and procedures), (B) to have made (subject to Section 
3.02), and (C) to use, lease, sell, offer for sale and import.

(ii) Under the Retained Tier 2 Patents that are included in Licensed Xerox 
IPR, solely for uses in accordance with the license terms set forth in 
Section 3.01(a) of Schedule H hereto.

(iii) The Xerox Patent licenses set forth in this Section 3.01(a) shall 
terminate, with respect to each individual licensed Xerox Patent, upon the 
expiration of its term.

(b) Trademarks. As to certain Trademarks owned by Xerox or the members of 
its Group as of the Distribution Date, Xerox agrees to grant, and to cause 
Xerox Overseas, Inc. to grant, Conduent a license as set forth in the TLA. 
To the extent there is a conflict between the terms of this Agreement and 
the TLA, the terms of the TLA shall control.

(c) Copyrights.

(i) Under the Retained Tier 1 Copyrights that are included in Licensed 
Xerox IPR, (A) to reproduce and have reproduced (subject to Section 3.02) 
the works of authorship included therein and derivative works thereof 
prepared by or on behalf of Conduent, in whole or in part, solely as part 
of Conduent Products in the Conduent Field, (B) to prepare derivative works 
or have derivative works prepared for it based upon such works of 
authorship solely to create Conduent Products in the Conduent Field, (C) to 
distribute (by any means and using any technology, whether now known or 
unknown) copies of the works of authorship included therein (and derivative 
works thereof prepared by or on behalf of Conduent) to the public by sale 
or other transfer of ownership or by rental, lease or lending, solely as 
part of Conduent Products in the Conduent Field, (D) to perform (by any 
means and using any technology, whether now known or unknown, including 
electronic transmission) and display the works of authorship included 
therein (and derivative works thereof prepared by or on behalf of 
Conduent), in all cases solely as part of Conduent Products in the Conduent 
Field, and (E) to use such works of authorship (and derivative works 
thereof prepared by or on behalf of Conduent) to design, develop, make and 
have made (subject to Section 3.02), sell and support solely as part of 
Conduent Products in the Conduent Field.

(ii) Under the Retained Tier 2 Copyrights that are included in Licensed 
Xerox IPR, solely for uses in accordance with the license terms set forth 
in Section 3.01(c) of Schedule H hereto.

(iii) The Copyright licenses set forth in this Section 3.01(c) shall 
terminate, with respect to each individual licensed Copyright, upon the 
expiration of its term.
 
20

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(iv) The Parties acknowledge that some of the materials licensed under this 
Section 3.01(c) (e.g., documents, PowerPoint slides, photo libraries, etc.) 
also contain 3POCM such as fonts, images and graphics, which are licensed 
to Xerox but that might not be sub-licensable to Conduent. The license 
granted under this Section 3.01(c), therefore, does not extend to the use 
of such 3POCM, and Conduent is solely responsible for obtaining its own 
licenses to the 3POCM. Conduent shall also indemnify, defend and hold 
harmless Xerox, each other member of the Xerox Group, and each of their 
respective former and current directors, officers and employees, and each 
of the heirs, executors, successors and assigns of any of the foregoing 
from and against any and all claims by third parties arising out of or 
relating to Conduent’s or any member of its Group’s use or exploitation of 
the 3POCM following the Distribution.

(d) Database Rights. Under the Database Rights that are included in 
Licensed Xerox IPR, solely to extract data from the databases included 
therein and to use such data (and Improvements thereof prepared by or on 
behalf of Conduent) solely to design, develop, make and have made (subject 
to Section 3.02), sell and support Conduent Products in the Conduent Field. 
The license set forth in this Section 3.01(d) shall expire upon expiration 
of the term of each licensed Database Right unless terminated earlier by 
operation of Law.

(e) Trade Secrets.

(i) Under the Retained Tier 1 Trade Secrets that are included in Licensed 
Xerox IPR, solely to design, develop, make and have made (subject to 
Section 3.02), sell and maintain Conduent Products in the Conduent Field.

(ii) Under the Retained Tier 2 Trade Secrets that are included in Licensed 
Xerox IPR, solely for uses in accordance with the license terms set forth 
in Section 3.01(e) of Schedule H hereto.

(iii) Since laboratory notebooks being retained by Xerox may contain 
information about a mix of Xerox and Conduent IPR, Xerox shall retain such 
laboratory notebooks in accordance with Xerox’s current retention policy 
for Xerox laboratory notebooks, and Xerox shall provide Conduent with 
timely access to such laboratory notebooks during normal business hours 
upon reasonable request. The Trade Secret licenses set forth in this 
Section 3.01(e) shall continue until a valid occurrence of an exception to 
the confidentiality obligations set forth in Section 7.09 of the Separation 
Agreement or Section 6.03 below.

(f) Third-Party Licenses. With respect to Intellectual Property Rights 
licensed to Xerox or the members of its Group by a third party, the license 
grants set forth in this Article III shall be subject to all of the terms, 
conditions and restrictions set forth in the relevant license agreement 
between Xerox (or a member of its Group, as the case may be) and such third 
party. Licenses to Conduent under Intellectual Property Rights owned by a 
third party shall expire or terminate on the expiration or termination of 
the term of the corresponding license agreement between such third party 
and Xerox (or the member of its Group, as the case may be).
 
21

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(g) Access Methods. Conduent acknowledges and agrees that, subsequent to 
the Distribution Date, Conduent and the members of its Group may no longer 
use de-encryption algorithms or other access methods that were previously 
provided by Xerox to internal Xerox users to enable those internal Xerox 
users to use locked or encrypted copies of Xerox Commercial Software or 
other software, except to the extent necessary to continue using those 
copies rightfully in use before the Distribution Date. Xerox acknowledges 
and agrees to allow Conduent, or a member of its Group, after the 
Distribution Date, reasonable access to any of the Licensed Xerox IPR, 
materials or data licensed to them in this Article III.

(h) Software. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing licenses 
granted in this Section 3.01, or the transfer of rights with respect to 
software transferred to Conduent pursuant to the Separation Agreement, such 
licenses include the right to use, modify (including creating Software 
Derivatives), and reproduce in source code and object code form such 
software (and Improvements thereof made by or on behalf of Conduent) solely 
to create Conduent Products in the Conduent Field, and to sell and maintain 
such software, in source code and object code form, as part of such 
Conduent Products.

(i) Termination of Licenses to a Non-Group Member. Except as otherwise 
expressly set forth herein, any and all licenses granted by Xerox to a 
member of the Conduent Group hereunder shall terminate immediately at the 
time such entity ceases to be a member of the Conduent Group.

SECTION 3.02. Have Made Rights. Subject to Section 3.02 of Schedule H 
hereto, the licenses to Conduent and the members of its Group in Section 
3.01 above include the right to have contract manufacturers and foundries 
manufacture Conduent Products based substantially on Conduent designs, 
solely for Conduent or the members of its Group (including private label or 
OEM versions of such Conduent Products) solely within the Conduent Field, 
and are not intended to include foundry or contract manufacturing 
activities that Conduent or any member of its Group may undertake on behalf 
of third parties, whether directly or indirectly.

SECTION 3.03. Sublicenses. The licenses granted to Conduent and the members 
of its Group in Section 3.01 above shall not include any right to grant any 
sublicenses except as follows:

(a) Group Members. Conduent may grant sublicenses to members of its Group, 
even if they become members of its Group after the Distribution Date, 
solely within the scope of its licenses in Section 3.01 above and with no 
right for such members of its Group to grant further sublicenses other than 
(i) to another member of the Conduent Group, even if it becomes a member of 
the Conduent Group after the Distribution Date; provided, however, that any 
such sublicense shall only be effective for such time as such entity 
remains a member of the Conduent Group, and (ii) as provided in Section 
3.03(c), below.
 
22

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(b) Duration. Any sublicense granted pursuant to Section 3.03(a) above may 
be made effective retroactively, but shall not be effective for any time 
prior to the sublicensee becoming a member of the Conduent Group, and shall 
only be effective for such times that such entity remains a member of the 
Conduent Group.

(c) For Resale and End Users. Conduent and the members of its Group may 
grant sublicenses to its distributors, resellers, OEM (Original Equipment 
Manufacturer) customers, VAR (Value-added Reseller) customers, VAD 
(Value-added Distributor) customers, downstream systems integrators and 
other downstream channels of distribution solely with respect to the 
distribution of Conduent Products to end users and solely within the scope 
of the licenses set forth in Section 3.01(c) and Section 3.01(d) above with 
no further right to sublicense; provided, however, that any such sublicense 
by a member of the Conduent Group shall only be effective for such times 
that such sublicensing entity remains a member of the Conduent Group.

SECTION 3.04. Improvements. As between Xerox and the members of its Group 
on the one hand, and Conduent and the members of its Group on the other 
hand, Conduent and the members of its Group hereby retain all right, title 
and interest, including all Intellectual Property Rights and Common 
Infrastructure Rights, in and to any Improvements made by or on behalf of 
Conduent or the members of its Group from and after the Distribution Date 
(a) to any of the Transferred Intellectual Property Rights and Common 
Infrastructure Copyrights, or Technology related thereto, or (b) in the 
exercise of the licenses granted to it by Xerox and the members of its 
Group in this Article III, subject in each case only to the ownership 
interests of Xerox, the members of its Group and third parties in the 
underlying Intellectual Property Rights that are improved. Conduent shall 
not have any obligation under this Agreement to notify Xerox or the members 
of the Xerox Group of any such Improvements made by or on behalf of it or 
the members of its Group or to disclose or license any such Improvements to 
Xerox or the members of its Group.

SECTION 3.05. Xerox Restricted Patents. Xerox hereby covenants on its own 
behalf and on behalf of the members of its Group that, unless obligated to 
do so by any third party agreement existing as of the Distribution Date, it 
will not assert against Conduent or any member of the Conduent Group any 
Xerox Restricted Patent to the extent that it would have been licensed 
hereunder but for the restriction against Xerox or the members of the Xerox 
Group licensing such Patent to Conduent contained in a third party 
agreement. Such covenant shall only be with respect to any conduct that 
would have otherwise been licensed hereunder. Such covenant shall be 
effective to the extent permitted by the third party agreement.

SECTION 3.06. Infrastructure Grant. Subject to the terms of this Agreement, 
Xerox hereby grants, and agrees to cause the members of the Xerox Group to 
hereby grant, to Conduent and the members of the Conduent Group a personal, 
irrevocable (except as set forth in Article VIII and Article IX), 
non-exclusive, worldwide,
 
23

------------------------------------------------------------------------
royalty-free and non-transferable (except as set forth in Article VIII) 
license under the Licensed Xerox IPR to use, compile, execute, display, 
perform, modify, maintain, repair, reproduce, support and translate 
Technology of Xerox, or a member of the Xerox Group, or Conduent, or a 
member of the Conduent Group, in existence as of the Distribution Date, and 
reasonable extensions of or improvements thereto, for carrying out internal 
business operations of the BPO Business to the extent that (i) such 
Technology was used by the BPO Business as of or prior to the Distribution 
Date in such internal business operations, and (ii) no Xerox Current 
Product that is made available to Conduent on commercially reasonable terms 
by Xerox is a reasonable substitute for such Technology.


ARTICLE IV

LICENSES FROM CONDUENT TO XEROX

SECTION 4.01. License Grants. Conduent hereby grants, and agrees to cause 
the members of the Conduent Group to hereby grant, to Xerox and the members 
of the Xerox Group the following personal, irrevocable (except as set forth 
in Article VIII and Article IX), non-exclusive, worldwide, royalty-free and 
non-transferable (except as set forth in Article VIII) licenses under the 
Licensed Conduent IPR subject to the terms of this Agreement as follows:

(a) Patents.

(i) Under the Conduent Tier 1 Patents that are included in Licensed 
Conduent IPR, to do the following with regard to Xerox Products solely 
within the Xerox Field: (A) to make (including the right to practice any 
methods, processes and procedures), (B) to have made (subject to Section 
4.02), and (C) to use, lease, sell, offer for sale and import.

(ii) Under the Conduent Tier 2 Patents that are included in Licensed 
Conduent IPR, solely for uses in accordance with the license terms set 
forth in Section 4.01(a) of Schedule H hereto.

(iii) The Conduent Patent licenses set forth in this Section 4.01(a) shall 
terminate, with respect to each individual licensed Conduent Patent, upon 
the expiration of its term.

(b) Copyrights.

(i) Under the Transferred Tier 1 Copyrights that are included in Licensed 
Conduent IPR, (A) to reproduce and have reproduced (subject to Section 
4.02) the works of authorship included therein and derivative works thereof 
prepared by or on behalf of Xerox, in whole or in part, solely as part of 
Xerox Products in the Xerox Field, (B) to prepare derivative works or have 
derivative works prepared for it based upon such works of authorship solely 
to create Xerox Products in the Xerox Field, (C) to distribute (by any 
means and using any technology, whether now known or unknown) copies of the 
works of authorship included therein (and derivative works thereof prepared 
by or on behalf of Xerox)
 
24

------------------------------------------------------------------------
to the public by sale or other transfer of ownership or by rental, lease or 
lending, solely as part of Xerox Products in the Xerox Field, (D) to 
perform (by any means and using any technology, whether now known or 
unknown, including electronic transmission) and display the works of 
authorship included therein (and derivative works thereof prepared by or on 
behalf of Xerox), in all cases solely as part of Xerox Products in the 
Xerox Field, and (E) to use such works of authorship (and derivative works 
thereof prepared by or on behalf of Xerox) to design, develop, make and 
have made (subject to Section 4.02), sell and support solely as part of 
Xerox Products in the Xerox Field.

(ii) Under the Transferred Tier 2 Copyrights that are included in Licensed 
Conduent IPR, solely for uses in accordance with the license terms set 
forth in Section 4.01(b) of Schedule H hereto.

(iii) The Copyright licenses set forth in this Section 4.01(b) shall 
terminate, with respect to each individual licensed Copyright, upon the 
expiration of its term.

(iv) The Parties acknowledge that some of the materials licensed under this 
provision (e.g., documents, PowerPoint slides, photo libraries, etc.) also 
contain 3POCM such as fonts, images and graphics, which are licensed to 
Conduent but that might not be sub-licensable to Xerox. The license granted 
under this Section 4.01(b), therefore, does not extend to the use of such 
3POCM, and Xerox is solely responsible for obtaining its own licenses to 
the 3POCM. Xerox shall also indemnify, defend and hold harmless Conduent, 
each other member of the Conduent Group, and each of their respective 
former and current directors, officers and employees, and each of the 
heirs, executors, successors and assigns of any of the foregoing from and 
against any and all claims by third parties arising out of or relating to 
Xerox’s or any member of its Group’s use or exploitation of the 3POCM 
following the Distribution.

(c) Database Rights. Under the Database Rights that are included in 
Licensed Conduent IPR, solely to extract data from the databases included 
therein and to use such data (and Improvements thereof prepared by or on 
behalf of Xerox) solely to design, develop, make and have made (subject to 
Section 4.02), sell and support Xerox Products in the Xerox Field. The 
license set forth in this Section 4.01(c) shall expire upon expiration of 
the term of each licensed Database Right unless terminated earlier by 
operation of Law.

(d) Trade Secrets.

(i) Under the Transferred Tier 1 Trade Secrets that are included in 
Licensed Conduent IPR, solely to design, develop, make and have made 
(subject to Section 4.02), sell and maintain Xerox Products in the Xerox 
Field.
 
25

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(ii) Under the Transferred Tier 2 Trade Secrets that are included in 
Licensed Conduent IPR, solely for uses in accordance with the license terms 
set forth in Section 4.01(d) of Schedule H hereto.

(iii) Since laboratory notebooks being retained by Conduent may contain 
information about a mix of Xerox and Conduent IPR, Conduent shall retain 
such laboratory notebooks for the period of time required by Conduent’s 
current retention policy for Conduent laboratory notebooks, or 10 years, 
whichever is longer, and Conduent shall provide Xerox with timely access to 
such laboratory notebooks during normal business hours upon reasonable 
request. The Trade Secret licenses set forth in this Section 4.01(d) shall 
continue until a valid occurrence of an exception to the confidentiality 
obligations set forth in Section 7.09 of the Separation Agreement or 
Section 6.03 below.

(e) Third-Party Licenses. With respect to Intellectual Property Rights 
licensed to Conduent or the members of its Group by a third party, the 
license grants set forth in this Article IV shall be subject to all of the 
terms, conditions and restrictions set forth in the relevant license 
agreement between Conduent (or a member of its Group, as the case may be) 
and such third party. Licenses to Xerox under Intellectual Property Rights 
owned by a third party shall expire or terminate on the expiration or 
termination of the term of the corresponding license agreement between such 
third party and Conduent (or the member of its Group, as the case may be).

(f) Access Methods. Xerox acknowledges and agrees that, subsequent to the 
Distribution Date, Xerox and the members of its Group may no longer use 
de-encryption algorithms or other access methods that were previously 
provided by the BPO Business to internal Xerox users to enable those 
internal Xerox users to use locked or encrypted copies of Conduent 
Commercial Software or other software, except to the extent necessary to 
continue using those copies rightfully in use before the Distribution Date. 
Conduent acknowledges and agrees to allow Xerox, or a member of its Group, 
after the Distribution Date, reasonable access to any of the Licensed 
Conduent IPR, materials or data licensed to them in this Article IV.

(g) Software. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing licenses 
granted in this Section 4.01, or the transfer of rights with respect to 
software transferred to Xerox pursuant to the Separation Agreement, such 
licenses include the right to use, modify (including creating Software 
Derivatives), and reproduce in source code and object code form such 
software (and Improvements thereof made by or on behalf of Xerox) solely to 
create Xerox Products in the Xerox Field, and to sell and maintain such 
software, in source code and object code form, as part of such Xerox 
Products.

(h) Termination of Licenses to a Non-Group Member. Except as otherwise 
expressly set forth herein, any and all licenses granted by Conduent to a 
member of the Xerox Group hereunder shall terminate immediately at the time 
such entity ceases to be a member of the Xerox Group.
 
26

------------------------------------------------------------------------
SECTION 4.02. Have Made Rights. Subject to Section 4.02 of Schedule H 
hereto, the licenses to Xerox and the members of its Group in Section 4.01 
above shall include the right to have contract manufacturers and foundries 
manufacture Xerox Products based substantially on Xerox designs, solely for 
Xerox or the members of its Group (including private label or OEM versions 
of such Xerox Products) solely within the Xerox Field, and are not intended 
to include foundry or contract manufacturing activities that Xerox or any 
member of its Group may undertake on behalf of third parties, whether 
directly or indirectly.

SECTION 4.03. Sublicenses. The licenses granted to Xerox and the members of 
its Group in Section 4.01 above shall not include any right to grant any 
sublicenses except as follows:

(a) Group Members. Xerox may grant sublicenses to members of its Group, 
even if they become members of its Group after the Distribution Date, 
solely within the scope of its licenses in Section 4.01 above and with no 
right for such members of its Group to grant further sublicenses other than 
(i) to another member of the Xerox Group, even if it becomes a member of 
the Xerox Group after the Distribution Date; provided, however, that any 
such sublicense shall only be effective for such time as such entity 
remains a member of the Xerox Group, and (ii) as provided in Section 
4.03(c), below.

(b) Duration. Any sublicense granted pursuant to Section 4.03(a) above may 
be made effective retroactively, but shall not be effective for any time 
prior to the sublicensee becoming a member of the Xerox Group, and shall 
only be effective for such times that such entity remains a member of the 
Xerox Group.

(c) For Resale and End Users. Xerox and the members of its Group may grant 
sublicenses to its distributors, resellers, OEM (Original Equipment 
Manufacturer) customers, VAR (Value-added Reseller) customers, VAD 
(Value-added Distributor) customers, downstream systems integrators and 
other downstream channels of distribution solely with respect to the 
distribution of Xerox Products to end users and solely within the scope of 
the licenses set forth in Section 4.01(b) and 4.01(c) above with no further 
right to sublicense; provided, however, that any such sublicense by a 
member of the Xerox Group shall only be effective for such times that such 
sublicensing entity remains a member of the Xerox Group.

SECTION 4.04. Improvements. As between Conduent and the members of its 
Group on the one hand, and Xerox and the members of its Group on the other 
hand, Xerox and the members of its Group hereby retain all right, title and 
interest, including all Intellectual Property Rights, in and to any 
Improvements made by or on behalf of Xerox or the members of its Group from 
and after the Distribution Date (a) to any of the Transferred Intellectual 
Property Rights and Common Infrastructure Copyrights, and Technology 
related thereto, or (b) in the exercise of the licenses granted to it by 
Conduent and the members of its Group in this Article IV, subject in each 
case only to the ownership interests of Conduent, the members of its Group 
and third parties in the underlying Intellectual Property Rights that are 
improved. Xerox shall not have any
 
27

------------------------------------------------------------------------
obligation under this Agreement to notify Conduent or the members of the 
Conduent Group of any such Improvements made by or on behalf of it or the 
members of its Group or to disclose or license any such Improvements to 
Conduent or the members of its Group.

SECTION 4.05. Conduent Restricted Patents. Conduent hereby covenants on its 
own behalf and on behalf of the members of its Group that, unless obligated 
to do so by any third party agreement existing as of the Distribution Date, 
it will not assert against Xerox or any member of the Xerox Group any 
Conduent Restricted Patent to the extent that it would have been licensed 
hereunder but for the restriction against Conduent or the members of the 
Conduent Group licensing such Patent to Xerox contained in a third party 
agreement. Such covenant shall only be with respect to any conduct that 
would have otherwise been licensed hereunder. Such covenant shall be 
effective to the extent permitted by the third party agreement.

SECTION 4.06. Infrastructure Grant. Subject to the terms of this Agreement, 
Conduent hereby grants, and agrees to cause the members of the Conduent 
Group to hereby grant, to Xerox and the members of the Xerox Group a 
personal, irrevocable (except as set forth in Article VIII and Article IX), 
non-exclusive, worldwide, royalty-free and non-transferable (except as set 
forth in Article VIII) license under the Licensed Conduent IPR to use, 
compile, execute, display, perform, modify, maintain, repair, reproduce, 
support and translate Technology of Conduent, or a member of the Conduent 
Group, or Xerox, or a member of the Xerox Group, in existence as of the 
Distribution Date, and reasonable extensions of or improvements thereto, 
for carrying out internal business operations of the Xerox Business to the 
extent that (i) such Technology was used by the Xerox Business as of or 
prior to the Distribution Date in such internal business operations, and 
(ii) no Conduent Current Product that is made available to Xerox on 
commercially reasonable terms by Conduent is a reasonable substitute for 
such Technology.


ARTICLE V

ADDITIONAL INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RELATED MATTERS

SECTION 5.01. Assignments and Licenses. No Party or any member of its Group 
may assign or grant a license in or to any of its Intellectual Property 
Rights licensed to the other Party or any member of its Group pursuant to 
Article III or Article IV, unless such assignment or grant is made subject 
to the licenses granted herein. For the avoidance of doubt, a non-exclusive 
license grant shall be deemed subject to the licenses granted herein.

SECTION 5.02. Assistance By Employees. Each of Xerox and Conduent agree to 
use reasonable best efforts to make available, upon written request, the 
former, current and future directors, officers, employees, other personnel 
and agents of the Persons in its respective Group and any books, records or 
other documents within its control or that it otherwise has the ability to 
make available, to the extent that such Person (giving consideration to 
business demands of such directors, officers, employees,
 
28

------------------------------------------------------------------------
other personnel and agents) or books, records or other documents may 
reasonably be required in connection with any Administrative IP Proceeding 
or threatened or contemplated Administrative IP Proceeding (including 
preparation for any such Administrative IP Proceeding) in which either 
Xerox or Conduent or any Person or Persons in its Group, as applicable, may 
from time to time be involved. Any actual and reasonable out-of-pocket 
expenses associated with such assistance shall be borne by the Party 
involved in the Administrative IP Proceeding. For the purposes of this 
Section 5.02, “Administrative IP Proceedings” shall mean the prosecution 
of, and other patent or trademark office proceedings (e.g., reissue, 
reexamination, interference, inter partes review, post-grant review, etc.) 
regarding, the other Party’s Patent applications, Patents, Trademarks and 
other Intellectual Property Rights.

SECTION 5.03. Inventor Compensation. Each Party will be responsible for 
providing inventor incentive compensation, if any, to its and its Group 
members’ employees in accordance with its own internal policies and any 
applicable laws and regulations. To the extent that a Party bases an 
inventor’s incentive compensation on a Patent or a Patent application of 
the other Party, the Parties will reasonably cooperate by providing to each 
other relevant information about their Patents for which one or more 
inventors are employees of the other Party. To the extent that inventor 
compensation is specified by local law, such as in Germany and Japan, the 
Parties will reasonably cooperate in providing information to each other in 
order to enable each Party to calculate inventor compensation. No Party 
shall have any obligation to provide any inventor incentive compensation to 
an employee of the other Party except as required by law. Any information 
provided under this Section 5.03 shall be subject to Section 6.03 and 
Section 7.09 of the Separation Agreement.

SECTION 5.04. No Implied Licenses. Nothing contained in this Agreement 
shall be construed as conferring any rights (including the right to 
sublicense) by implication, estoppel or otherwise, under any Intellectual 
Property Rights, other than as expressly granted in this Agreement, and all 
other rights under any Intellectual Property Rights licensed to a Party or 
the members of its Group hereunder are expressly reserved by the Party 
granting the license. The Party receiving the license hereunder 
acknowledges and agrees that the Party (or the applicable member of its 
Group) granting the license is the sole and exclusive owner of the 
Intellectual Property Rights so licensed.

SECTION 5.05. No Field Restrictions for Patent Licensing. Except as 
expressly set forth in this Agreement, each Party and the members of its 
Group shall be free to grant licenses of any sort under any of its owned 
Conduent Patents or Xerox Patents (as the case may be) to any third party 
without restriction as to field of use.

SECTION 5.06. No Obligation To Prosecute or Maintain Patents. Except as 
expressly set forth in this Agreement, no Party or any member of its Group 
shall have any obligation to seek, perfect or maintain any protection for 
any of its Intellectual Property Rights. Without limiting the generality of 
the foregoing, except as expressly set forth in this Agreement, no Party or 
any member of its Group shall have any obligation to file any Patent 
application, to prosecute any Patent, or secure any Patent rights or to 
maintain any Patent in force.
 
29

------------------------------------------------------------------------
SECTION 5.07. Technical Assistance. Except as expressly set forth in this 
Agreement, in the Separation Agreement or any other mutually executed 
agreement between the Parties or any of the members of their respective 
Groups, no Party or any member of its Group shall be required to provide 
the other Party with any technical assistance or to furnish any other Party 
with, or obtain on their behalf, any documents, materials or other 
information or Technology.

SECTION 5.08. Third-Party Infringement. No Party or any member of its Group 
shall have any obligation hereunder to institute or maintain any action or 
suit against third parties for infringement or misappropriation of any 
Intellectual Property Rights in or to any Technology licensed to the other 
Party hereunder, or to defend any action or suit brought by a third party 
which challenges or concerns the validity of any of such Intellectual 
Property Rights or which claims that any Technology licensed to the other 
Party or any member of its Group hereunder infringes or constitutes a 
misappropriation of any Intellectual Property Rights of any third party. 
Except as set forth in Section 6.03(b) of the TLA, each Party (the “
Notifying Party”) may, but shall not be required to, notify the other Party 
(the “Licensor”) in writing upon learning that a third party may be 
infringing, misappropriating or otherwise violating or impairing any 
Intellectual Property Rights of the Licensor that are licensed to the 
Notifying Party under this Agreement. Such notification shall set forth in 
reasonable specificity the identity of the suspected infringing third party 
and the nature of the suspected infringement. The Notifying Party shall not 
take any steps to contact any such third party without the Licensor’s prior 
written permission, and the Licensor shall have the sole discretion to 
determine whether and in what manner to address any actual or suspected 
unauthorized Third-Party use and shall be exclusively entitled to any 
remedies, including monetary damages, related thereto or resulting 
therefrom. In the event that the Licensor decides to initiate any claim 
against any third party, the Notifying Party shall reasonably cooperate 
with the Licensor, subject to Section 5.04. Any actual and reasonable 
out-of-pocket expenses associated with such cooperation shall be borne by 
the Licensor, expressly excluding the value of the time of the Notifying 
Party’s personnel (regarding which the Parties shall agree on a case by 
case basis with respect to reasonable compensation).

SECTION 5.09. Copyright Notices. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary 
herein, as to works in which Conduent or any member of its Group owns the 
Copyright, to the extent any such works contain Copyright notices which 
indicate Xerox or any member of its Group as the Copyright owner, Conduent 
may, but shall not be required to, change such notices.

SECTION 5.10. No Challenge to Title. Each Party agrees that it shall not 
(and shall cause the members of its Group not to), for any reason, during 
the term of the licenses granted in Article III and Article IV, either 
itself do or authorize any third party to do any of the following anywhere 
in the world with respect to any Intellectual Property Rights licensed to 
it or the members of its Group hereunder: (a) represent to any third party 
in any manner that it owns or has any ownership rights in such Intellectual 
Property Rights; (b) apply for any registration of such Intellectual 
Property Rights (including federal, state and national registrations); or 
(c) impair, dispute or contest the validity, enforceability or 
registrability of the other Party’s (or any of the members of such other 
Party’s Group) right, title and interest in and to such Intellectual 
Property Rights.
 
30

------------------------------------------------------------------------
SECTION 5.11. Xerox Use Covenant. Xerox agrees that it will not use the 
Retained Tier 2 Copyrights in or to the Covenant Software or the Retained 
Tier 2 Trade Secrets included in or embodied by the Covenant Software, in 
each case solely with respect to the uses identified in Schedule J hereto.

SECTION 5.12. Group Members. Each Party shall cause the members of its 
Group to comply with all applicable provisions of this Agreement.


ARTICLE VI

CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION

SECTION 6.01. Contract Manufacturing. Notwithstanding anything to the 
contrary herein, each Party agrees that, in exercising its “Have-Made” 
rights (by Conduent, pursuant to Section 3.02, or by Xerox, pursuant to 
Section 4.02), each Party and the members of its Group may only disclose 
Trade Secrets licensed from the other Party or a member of its Group in 
Article III or Article IV to the extent expressly permitted by this 
Agreement, and then only if it has executed a written confidentiality 
agreement with the third party contract manufacturer with appropriate, 
industry standard terms, and in all cases containing terms and conditions 
pertaining to the protection of proprietary and confidential information no 
less restrictive than those set forth in this Article VI and Section 7.09 
of the Separation Agreement.

SECTION 6.02. Source Code. In addition to the provisions of Section 7.09 of 
the Separation Agreement, Xerox shall maintain the confidentiality of all 
information and documents related to all Licensed Conduent Source Code and 
Conduent shall maintain the confidentiality of all information and 
documents related to all Licensed Xerox Source Code until the expiration of 
any Copyright therein. Each Party shall use (and shall cause the members of 
its Group to use) the same degree of care as it uses to protect its own 
proprietary source code, but in any case no less than a reasonable degree 
of care, to prevent unauthorized use, dissemination or publication of the 
source code. Any third party disclosure necessary to make commercial use of 
the source code shall be made only under a confidentiality agreement with 
terms no less restrictive than those of this Article VI. Source code shall 
cease to qualify as confidential information if it (a) becomes publicly 
available without breach of this Agreement, or (b) is obtained by the 
licensed party from a third party lawfully in possession of the source code 
and which provides the source code without breach of any duty of 
confidentiality owed directly or indirectly to the source code owner 
(either Xerox or Conduent, as may be applicable). Notwithstanding the 
provisions of this Section 6.02, each Party and the members of its Group 
may disclose the source code of the other Party and the members of its 
Group if required by law, regulation or court order provided that the Party 
seeking to disclose provides to the other Party notice and a reasonable 
opportunity to object to, limit or condition the disclosure (e.g., to limit 
the disclosure to the minimum necessary to comply with the law, regulation 
or court order and for the disclosure to be made under protective order or 
other order of confidentiality).
 
31

------------------------------------------------------------------------
SECTION 6.03. Trade Secrets. In addition to the provisions of Section 7.09 
of the Separation Agreement, Xerox shall maintain the confidentiality of 
the Transferred Trade Secrets, the Trade Secrets licensed under Section 
4.01(d) above and the Common Infrastructure Trade Secrets, and Conduent 
shall maintain the confidentiality of the Common Infrastructure Trade 
Secrets and the Trade Secrets licensed under Section 3.01(e) above. Each 
Party shall use (and shall cause the members of its Group to use) the same 
degree of care as it uses to protect its own Trade Secrets, but in any case 
no less than a reasonable degree of care, to prevent unauthorized use, 
dissemination or publication of the Trade Secrets licensed to such Party 
under Section 4.01(d) or Section 3.01(e) above, the Common Infrastructure 
Trade Secrets and, as to Xerox only, the Transferred Trade Secrets. Any 
third party disclosure by either Party necessary to exploit the Trade 
Secrets licensed to such Party under Section 4.01(d) or Section 3.01(e) 
above or the Common Infrastructure Trade Secrets shall be made only under a 
confidentiality agreement with terms no less restrictive than those of this 
Article VI. A Trade Secret shall cease to qualify as confidential 
information if it (a) becomes publicly available without breach of this 
Agreement, or (b) is obtained from a third party lawfully in possession of 
the Trade Secret and which provides the Trade Secret without breach of any 
duty of confidentiality owed directly or indirectly to the Trade Secret 
owner (either Xerox or Conduent, as may be applicable). For the avoidance 
of doubt, neither Party shall seek registration of a Patent based on any 
invention disclosure licensed to such Party under Section 4.01(d) or 
Section 3.01(e) above. Notwithstanding the provisions of this Section 6.03, 
each Party and the members of its Group may disclose the Trade Secret 
information of the other Party and the members of its Group (i) if required 
by law, regulation or court order provided that the Party seeking to 
disclose provides notice and a reasonable opportunity to object to, limit 
or condition the disclosure (e.g., to limit the disclosure to the minimum 
necessary to comply with the law, regulation or court order and for the 
disclosure to be made under protective order or other order of 
confidentiality), or (ii) with the other Party’s prior written consent.


ARTICLE VII

LIMITATION OF LIABILITY AND WARRANTY DISCLAIMER

SECTION 7.01. Limitation of Liability. Except as may expressly be set forth 
in this Agreement, none of Xerox, Conduent or any other member of either 
Group shall in any event have any Liability to the other or to any other 
member of the other’s Group, or to any other Xerox Indemnitee or Conduent 
Indemnitee, as applicable, under this Agreement (i) with respect to any 
matter to the extent that such Party seeking indemnification or any member 
of its Group has engaged in any knowing violation of Law or fraud in 
connection therewith or (ii) for any indirect, special, punitive or 
consequential damages, whether or not caused by or resulting from 
negligence or breach of obligations hereunder and whether or not informed 
of the possibility of the existence of such damages; provided, however, 
that the provisions of this Section 7.01(ii) shall not limit (a) a Party’s 
indemnification obligations with respect to any Liability any
 
32

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Indemnitee may have to any third party not affiliated with any member of 
the Xerox Group or the Conduent Group for any indirect, special, punitive 
or consequential damages, or (b) the damages available to a Party for (i) 
infringement or misappropriation of its Intellectual Property Rights by the 
other Party or any member of the other Party’s Group, or (ii) breaches of 
Article VI.

SECTION 7.02. Disclaimer of Representations and Warranties. Each of Xerox 
(on behalf of itself and each other member of the Xerox Group) and Conduent 
(on behalf of itself and each other member of the Conduent Group) 
understands and agrees that, except as expressly set forth in this 
Agreement, no Party is representing or warranting in any way, including any 
implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, 
title, registerability, allowability, enforceability or non-infringement, 
as to any Intellectual Property Rights or Intellectual Property Liabilities 
transferred or assumed as contemplated hereby, as to the sufficiency of the 
Intellectual Property Rights or Intellectual Property Liabilities 
transferred or assumed hereby for the conduct and operations of the BPO 
Business or the Xerox Business, as applicable, as to any Governmental 
Approvals or other Consents required in connection therewith or in 
connection with any past transfers of the Intellectual Property Rights or 
assumptions of the Intellectual Property Liabilities, as to the value or 
freedom from any Security Interests of, or any other matter concerning, any 
Intellectual Property Rights or Intellectual Property Liabilities of such 
Party, or as to the absence of any defenses or rights of set-off or freedom 
from counterclaim with respect to any claim or other Intellectual Property 
Rights, of any such Party, or as to the legal sufficiency of any 
assignment, document or instrument delivered hereunder to convey title to 
any Intellectual Property Rights or thing of value upon the execution, 
delivery and filing hereof or thereof. Except as may expressly be set forth 
herein, any such Intellectual Property Rights are being transferred on an 
“as is,” “where is” basis and the respective transferees shall bear the 
economic and legal risks that (a) any conveyance shall prove to be 
insufficient to vest in the transferee good and marketable title, free and 
clear of any Security Interest, and (b) any necessary Governmental 
Approvals or other Consents are not obtained or that any requirements of 
Laws or judgments are not complied with.


ARTICLE VIII

TRANSFERABILITY AND ASSIGNMENT

SECTION 8.01. No Assignment or Transfer Without Consent. Except as 
expressly set forth in this Agreement, neither this Agreement nor any of 
the rights, interests or obligations under this Agreement, including the 
Intellectual Property Rights licenses granted pursuant to this Agreement, 
shall be assigned, in whole or in part, by operation of Law or otherwise by 
either Party or any member of its Group without the prior written consent 
of the other Party. Any purported assignment without such consent shall be 
void. Subject to the preceding sentences, this Agreement will be binding 
upon, inure to the benefit of, and be enforceable by, the Parties and their 
respective successors and assigns. Notwithstanding the foregoing, either 
Party may assign this Agreement without consent in connection with (a) a 
merger transaction in which such Party is not the surviving entity and the 
surviving entity acquires or assumes all or substantially all of
 
33

------------------------------------------------------------------------
such Party’s assets, or (b) the sale of all or substantially all of such 
Party’s assets; provided, however, that the assignee expressly assumes in 
writing all of the obligations of the assigning Party under this Agreement, 
and the assigning Party provides written notice and evidence of such 
assignment and assumption to the non-assigning Party. For the avoidance of 
doubt, in no event will the licenses granted in this Agreement extend to 
products, product lines, services, apparatus, devices, systems, components, 
hardware, software, processes, solutions, any combination of the foregoing, 
or other offerings of the assignee existing on or before the date of the 
transaction described in clauses (a) or (b) of the preceding sentence, 
except to the extent that they were licensed under the terms of this 
Agreement prior to such transaction.

SECTION 8.02. Divested Businesses. In the event a Party divests a business 
by (a) spinning off a member of its Group by its sale or other disposition 
to a third party, (b) reducing ownership or control in a member of its 
Group so that it no longer qualifies as a member of its Group under this 
Agreement, or (c) selling or otherwise transferring a line of business to a 
third party, and provided that (1) the divested entity/line of business is 
maintained as a separate corporate entity or the entity/line of business is 
merged with the acquiring entity but maintained as a separately 
identifiable line of business, and (2) the divested entity/line of business 
includes at least one marketable product or service in a product or service 
line and tangible assets having a net value of at least $25,000,000; (each 
such divested entity/line of business, a “Divested Entity”), the Divested 
Entity shall retain those licenses granted to it under this Agreement 
provided that the license granted shall be limited in the 12 months 
immediately following such divestiture to a volume of licensed products or 
services having an aggregate selling price equal to no more than the 
aggregate selling prices of such products or services by said Divested 
Entity in the 12 months preceding such divestiture plus 10%; and shall be 
limited, in each of the successive 12-month periods following such transfer 
or spin off, to a volume of licensed products or services having an 
aggregate selling price equal to no more than the limit for the immediately 
preceding 12-month period plus 10%. The retention of any license grants are 
subject to the Divested Entity’s and, in the event it is acquired by a 
third party, such third party’s execution and delivery to the 
non-transferring Party, within 90 days of the effective date of such 
assignment, of a duly authorized, written undertaking, agreeing to be bound 
by the applicable terms of this Agreement. For the avoidance of doubt, in 
no event shall any license retained by a former entity/line of business (as 
the case may be) by virtue of the divestiture of a Divested Entity (i) be 
broader than the licenses originally conveyed to a Party under the terms of 
this Agreement, or (ii) apply to any products, product lines, services, 
apparatus, devices, systems, components, hardware, software, processes, 
solutions, any combination of the foregoing, or other offerings of any 
third party acquirer, other than the Conduent Products or the Xerox 
Products (as the case may be) that were transferred to the former 
entity/line of business under the divestiture of a Divested Entity, or 
(iii) convey any further rights under this Section 8.02 after the initial 
divestiture of a Divested Entity. For the avoidance of doubt, in the event 
that the divested entity/line of business is not a Divested Entity, then 
the licenses granted to the divested entity/line of business shall 
terminate as of the date the divested entity/line of business is divested.
 
34

------------------------------------------------------------------------
ARTICLE IX

REVOCATION AND TERMINATION OF LICENSE RIGHTS; TERMINATION

SECTION 9.01. Termination by Both Parties. Subject to Section 9.02, this 
Agreement may not be terminated except by an agreement in writing signed by 
a duly authorized officer of each of the Parties.

SECTION 9.02. Termination prior to the Distribution. This Agreement may be 
terminated by Xerox at any time, in its sole discretion, prior to this 
Distribution. In the event of any termination of this Agreement prior to 
the Distribution, neither Party (nor any of its directors or officers) 
shall have any Liability or further obligation to the other Party under 
this Agreement.

SECTION 9.03. Effect of Termination; Survival. Except with respect to 
termination of the Agreement under Section 9.02, notwithstanding anything 
in this Agreement to the contrary, Section 5.05, Article VI, Article VII, 
this Section 9.03 and Article XI shall survive any termination of this 
Agreement.


ARTICLE X

FURTHER ASSURANCES

SECTION 10.01. Further Assurances. (a) In addition to the actions 
specifically provided for elsewhere in this Agreement, each of the Parties 
shall use reasonable best efforts, prior to, on and after the Distribution 
Date, to take, or cause to be taken, all actions, and to do, or cause to be 
done, all things, reasonably necessary, proper or advisable under 
applicable Laws and agreements to consummate and make effective the 
transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

(b) Without limiting the foregoing, prior to, on and after the Distribution 
Date, each Party shall cooperate with the other Party, without any further 
consideration, but at the expense of the requesting Party, (i) to execute 
and deliver, or use reasonable best efforts to execute and deliver, or 
cause to be executed and delivered, all instruments, including any 
instruments of conveyance, assignment and transfer as such Party may 
reasonably be requested to execute and deliver by the other Party, (ii) to 
make, or cause to be made, all filings with, and to obtain, or cause to be 
obtained, all Consents of any Governmental Authority or any other Person 
under any permit, license, agreement, indenture or other instrument, and 
(iii) to take, or cause to be taken, all such other actions as such Party 
may reasonably be requested to take by the other Party from time to time, 
consistent with the terms of this Agreement, in order to effectuate the 
provisions and purposes of this Agreement and any transfers of Intellectual 
Property Rights or assignments and assumptions of Transferred Intellectual 
Property Liabilities and Common Infrastructure Liabilities hereunder.

(c) On or prior to the Distribution Date, Xerox and Conduent, in their 
respective capacities as direct and indirect shareholders of their 
respective Subsidiaries, shall each ratify any actions that are reasonably 
necessary or desirable to be taken by Conduent or any other member of the 
Xerox Group, as the case may be, to effectuate the transactions 
contemplated by this Agreement.
 
35

------------------------------------------------------------------------
ARTICLE XI

MISCELLANEOUS

SECTION 11.01. Counterparts; Entire Agreement; Corporate Power. (a) This 
Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, all of which 
counterparts shall be considered one and the same agreement, and shall 
become effective when one or more counterparts have been signed by each 
Party and delivered to the other Party. This Agreement may be executed by 
facsimile or PDF signature and scanned and exchanged by electronic mail, 
and such facsimile or PDF signature or scanned and exchanged copies shall 
constitute an original for all purposes.

(b) This Agreement and the Appendices, Exhibits and Schedules hereto 
contain the entire agreement between the Parties with respect to the 
subject matter hereof and supersede all previous agreements, negotiations, 
discussions, writings, understandings, commitments and conversations with 
respect to such subject matter, and there are no agreements or 
understandings between the Parties with respect to the subject matter 
hereof other than those set forth or referred to herein or therein.

(c) Xerox represents on behalf of itself and each other member of the Xerox 
Group, and Conduent represents on behalf of itself and each other member of 
the Conduent Group, as follows:

(i) each such Person has the requisite corporate or other power and 
authority and has taken all corporate or other action necessary in order to 
execute, deliver and perform this Agreement and to consummate the 
transactions contemplated hereby; and

(ii) this Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by it and 
constitutes, or will constitute, a valid and binding agreement of it 
enforceable in accordance with the terms thereof.

SECTION 11.02. Governing Law; Jurisdiction. This Agreement shall be 
governed by, and construed in accordance with, the Laws of the State of New 
York, regardless of the Laws that might otherwise govern under applicable 
principles of conflicts of Laws thereof. Each Party irrevocably consents to 
the exclusive jurisdiction, forum and venue of the Commercial Division of 
the Supreme Court of the State of New York, New York County and the United 
States District Court for the Southern District of New York over any and 
all claims, disputes, controversies or disagreements between the Parties or 
any of their respective Subsidiaries, Affiliates, successors and assigns 
under or related to this Agreement or any document executed pursuant to 
this Agreement or any of the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby.
 
36

------------------------------------------------------------------------
SECTION 11.03. Third-Party Beneficiaries. Except as otherwise expressly set 
forth herein, the provisions of this Agreement are solely for the benefit 
of the Parties hereto and are not intended to confer upon any Person except 
the Parties hereto any rights or remedies hereunder, and there are no 
third-party beneficiaries of this Agreement and this Agreement shall not 
provide any third person with any remedy, claim, liability, reimbursement, 
cause of action or other right in excess of those existing without 
reference to this Agreement.

SECTION 11.04. Notices. All notices or other communications under this 
Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed to be duly given when (a) 
delivered in person, (b) on the date received, if sent by a nationally 
recognized delivery or courier service or (c) upon the earlier of confirmed 
receipt or the fifth business day following the date of mailing if sent by 
registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, 
addressed as follows:

If to Xerox, to:

Xerox Corporation
P.O. Box 4505, 45 Glover Avenue
Norwalk, CT 06850
Attn: General Counsel
Facsimile: 203-849-5152

with a copy to:

Cravath, Swaine & Moore LLP
Worldwide Plaza
825 Eighth Avenue
New York, NY 10019
Attn: 	Robert I. Townsend III
     	Eric L. Schiele
     	O. Keith Hallam III
email: 	rtownsend@cravath.com
     	eschiele@cravath.com
     	khallam@cravath.com
Facsimile: 212-474-3700

If to Conduent, to:

Conduent Incorporated
233 Mount Airy Road, Suite 100
Basking Ridge, New Jersey
Attn: General Counsel
 
37

------------------------------------------------------------------------
with a copy to:

Cravath, Swaine & Moore LLP
Worldwide Plaza
825 Eighth Avenue
New York, NY 10019
Attn: 	Robert I. Townsend III
     	Eric L. Schiele
     	O. Keith Hallam III
email: 	rtownsend@cravath.com
     	eschiele@cravath.com
     	khallam@cravath.com
Facsimile: 212-474-3700

Either Party may, by notice to the other Party, change the address to which 
such notices are to be given.

SECTION 11.05. Export Control. Each Party agrees that it shall comply with 
all applicable national and international laws and regulations relating to 
export control in its country(ies), if any, involving any commodities, 
software, services or technology within the scope of this Agreement.

SECTION 11.06. Bankruptcy. The Parties acknowledge and agree that all 
rights and licenses granted by the other under or pursuant to this 
Agreement are, and shall otherwise be deemed to be, for purposes of Section 
365(n) of the United States Bankruptcy Code, as amended (the “Bankruptcy 
Code”), licenses of rights to “intellectual property” as defined under 
Section 101 of the Bankruptcy Code. The Parties agree that, notwithstanding 
anything else in this Agreement, Xerox and the members of the Xerox Group 
and Conduent and the members of the Conduent Group, as licensees of such 
intellectual property rights under this Agreement, shall retain and may 
fully exercise all of its rights and elections under the Bankruptcy Code 
(including Xerox’s and the Xerox Group members’ and Conduent’s and the 
Conduent Group members’ right to the continued enjoyment of the rights and 
licenses respectively granted by under this Agreement).

SECTION 11.07. Severability. If any provision of this Agreement or the 
application thereof to any Person or circumstance is determined by a court 
of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, void or unenforceable, the 
remaining provisions hereof, or the application of such provision to 
Persons or circumstances or in jurisdictions other than those as to which 
it has been held invalid or unenforceable, shall remain in full force and 
effect and shall in no way be affected, impaired or invalidated thereby, so 
long as the economic or legal substance of the transactions contemplated 
hereby is not affected in any manner materially adverse to either Party. 
Upon any such determination, any such provision, to the extent determined 
to be invalid, void or unenforceable, shall be deemed replaced by a 
provision that such court determines is valid and enforceable and that 
comes closest to expressing the intention of the invalid, void or 
unenforceable provision.
 
38

------------------------------------------------------------------------
SECTION 11.08. Expenses. Except as expressly set forth in this Agreement, 
all third-party fees, costs and expenses paid or incurred in connection 
with the provisions of this Agreement will be paid by the Party incurring 
such fees or expenses, whether or not the Distribution is consummated, or 
as otherwise agreed by the Parties.

SECTION 11.09. Headings. The article, section and paragraph headings 
contained in this Agreement are for reference purposes only and shall not 
affect in any way the meaning or interpretation of this Agreement.

SECTION 11.10. Survival of Covenants. Except as expressly set forth in this 
Agreement, the covenants in this Agreement and the Liabilities for the 
breach of any obligations in this Agreement shall survive the Spin-Off and 
shall remain in full force and effect.

SECTION 11.11. Waivers of Default. No failure or delay of any Party (or the 
applicable member of its Group) in exercising any right or remedy under 
this Agreement shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or 
partial exercise of any such right or power, or any abandonment or 
discontinuance of steps to enforce such right or power, or any course of 
conduct, preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of 
any other right or power. Waiver by any Party of any default by the other 
Party of any provision of this Agreement shall not be deemed a waiver by 
the waiving Party of any subsequent or other default.

SECTION 11.12. Specific Performance. Notwithstanding the procedures set 
forth in Article IX, in the event of any actual or threatened default in, 
or breach of, any of the terms, conditions and provisions of this 
Agreement, the affected Party shall have the right to specific performance 
and injunctive or other equitable relief of its rights under this 
Agreement, in addition to any and all other rights and remedies at Law or 
in equity, and all such rights and remedies shall be cumulative. The other 
Party shall not oppose the granting of such relief on the basis that money 
damages are an adequate remedy. The Parties agree that the remedies at Law 
for any breach or threatened breach hereof, including monetary damages, are 
inadequate compensation for any loss and that any defense in any action for 
specific performance that a remedy at Law would be adequate is waived. Any 
requirements for the securing or posting of any bond with such remedy are 
waived.

SECTION 11.13. Amendments. No provisions of this Agreement shall be deemed 
waived, amended, supplemented or modified by any Party, unless such waiver, 
amendment, supplement or modification is in writing and signed by the 
authorized representative of each Party.

SECTION 11.14. Interpretation. Words in the singular shall be held to 
include the plural and vice versa and words of one gender shall be held to 
include the other gender as the context requires. The terms “hereof”, 
“herein”, “herewith” and words of similar import, unless otherwise stated, 
shall be construed to refer to this Agreement as a whole (including all of 
the schedules hereto) and not to any particular provision of this
 
39

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Agreement. Article, Section or Schedule references are to the articles, 
sections and schedules of or to this Agreement unless otherwise specified. 
Any capitalized terms used in any Schedule to this Agreement but not 
otherwise defined therein shall have the meaning as defined in this 
Agreement. Any definition of or reference to any agreement, instrument or 
other document herein (including any reference herein to this Agreement) 
shall be construed as referring to such agreement, instrument or other 
document as from time to time amended, supplemented or otherwise modified 
from time to time (subject to any restrictions on such amendments, 
supplements or modifications set forth herein). The word “including” and 
words of similar import when used in this Agreement shall mean “including, 
without limitation,” unless the context otherwise requires or unless 
otherwise specified. The word “or” shall not be exclusive.


[SIGNATURE PAGES FOLLOW]
 
40

------------------------------------------------------------------------
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties have caused this Intellectual Property 
Agreement to be executed by their duly authorized representatives.
 
XEROX CORPORATION
By: 	  	/s/ Leslie F. Varon
  	Name: 	  	Leslie F. Varon
  	Title: 	  	Chief Financial Officer
 
CONDUENT INCORPORATED
By: 	  	/s/ Brian Webb-Walsh
  	Name: 	  	Brian Webb-Walsh
  	Title: 	  	Chief Financial Officer
 