 EX-10.1 2 ex10-1.htm EX-10.1
 
Exhibit 10.1

 
FUSE ENTERPRISES INC.

CONVERTIBLE NOTE PURCHASE AGREEMENT

This Convertible Note Purchase Agreement (the “Agreement”), is made as of
the 19th day of December, 2016, by and between Fuse Enterprises Inc., a 
Nevada corporation (the “Company”), and Landbond Home Limited, a company 
organized under the laws of Samoa (“Purchaser”).

RECITALS

A.           Landbond Home Limited owns 60.9% of issued and outstanding 
shares of common stock of the Company.

B.          To provide the Company with capital, the Company is offering a 
convertible promissory note in the amount of $6,869,817.60 (the “Note”).

B.          Purchaser desires to purchase the Note in substantially the 
form attached to this Agreement as Exhibit A. The Note shall be convertible 
on the terms stated therein into equity securities of the Company.  The 
Note and the equity securities issuable upon conversion or exercise thereof 
(and the securities issuable upon conversion of such equity securities) are 
collectively referred to herein as the “Securities”.

AGREEMENT

In consideration of the mutual promises contained herein and other good and 
valuable consideration, receipt of which is hereby acknowledged, the 
parties to this Agreement agree as follows:

1.          Purchase and Sale of the Note.

(a)          Sale and Issuance of the Note.  Subject to the terms and 
conditions of this Agreement, Purchaser agrees to purchase at the Closing 
(as defined below), and the Company agrees to sell and issue to Purchaser, 
a Note in the principal amount of $6,869,817.60.  The purchase price of the 
Note shall be equal to one hundred percent (100%) of the principal amount 
of the Note.

(b)          Closing; Delivery.

(i)          The purchase and sale of the Note shall take place at such 
time and place as the Company and Purchaser may agree upon (which time and 
place are designated as the “Closing”).

(ii)          At the Closing, i) the Company shall deliver to Purchaser the 
Note against payment of the purchase price by the Purchaser and the 
signature pages to this Agreement and the Note, and ii) the Purchaser shall 
deliver to the Company the payment of the purchase price therefor by wire 
transfer to a bank designated by the Company, the signature page to this 
Agreement and  if requested by the Company, a validly completed and 
executed IRS

1

------------------------------------------------------------------------

Form W-8 BEN or IRS Form W-9, as applicable, establishing Purchaser’s 
exemption from withholding tax.

2.          Additional Agreements.  Purchaser understands and agrees that 
the conversion of the Note into equity securities of the Company may 
require Purchaser’s execution of certain documents relating to the purchase 
and sale of such securities as well as any rights relating to such equity 
securities and agrees to promptly execute such documents upon reasonable 
request of the Company.

3.          Representations and Warranties of the Company.  The Company 
hereby represents and warrants to Purchaser that:

(a)          Organization, Good Standing and Qualification.  The Company is 
a corporation duly organized and validly existing and in good standing 
under the laws of the State of Nevada and has all requisite corporate power 
and authority to carry on its business as now conducted and as proposed to 
be conducted.  The Company is duly qualified to transact business and is in 
good standing in each jurisdiction in which the failure so to qualify would 
have a material adverse effect on its business or properties.

(b)          Authorization.  The execution of this Agreement and the 
issuance of the Note have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate 
action of the Company.  The Agreement and the Note, when executed and 
delivered by the Company, and subject to the completion of corporate 
actions to be taken in connection with the issuance of any “Optional 
Conversion Preferred Stock” in an “Optional Conversion” (as such terms are 
defined in the Note), shall constitute valid and legally binding 
obligations of the Company, enforceable against the Company in accordance 
with their respective terms except as limited by applicable bankruptcy, 
insolvency, reorganization, moratorium, fraudulent conveyance, and other 
laws of general application affecting enforcement of creditors’ rights 
generally, and as limited by laws relating to the availability of specific 
performance, injunctive relief, or other equitable remedies.

(c)          Authorization.  All corporate action has been taken, or will 
be taken prior to the Closing, that is necessary for the authorization, 
execution and delivery of this Agreement, the sale and issuance of the 
Note, and the performance by the Company of the obligations to be performed 
by the Company as of the date hereof.  This Agreement and the Note, when 
executed and delivered by the Company, shall constitute valid and legally 
binding obligations of the Company, enforceable against the Company in 
accordance with their respective terms except (i) as limited by applicable 
bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium, fraudulent conveyance, 
or other laws of general application relating to or affecting the 
enforcement of creditors’ rights generally, or (ii) as limited by laws 
relating to the availability of specific performance, injunctive relief, or 
other equitable remedies.

(d)          Litigation.  There is no pending action, suit, proceeding, 
arbitration, mediation, complaint, claim, charge or investigation before 
any court, arbitrator, mediator or governmental body, or to the Company’s 
knowledge, currently threatened in writing (i) against the Company or (ii) 
against any consultant, officer, director or key employee of the Company 
arising out of his or her consulting, employment or board relationship with 
the Company or that could otherwise materially impact the Company.

2

------------------------------------------------------------------------

(e)          Compliance with Other Instruments.  The Company is not in 
violation or default (i) of any provisions of its Articles of Incorporation 
or Bylaws, (ii) of any judgment, order, writ or decree of any court or 
governmental entity, or, (iii) to its knowledge, of any provision of 
federal or state statute, rule or regulation materially applicable to the 
Company.  The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and the 
Note and the consummation of the transactions contemplated by hereby will 
not result in any such violation or default, or constitute, with or without 
the passage of time and giving of notice, either (A) a default under any 
such judgment, order, writ, decree, agreement, instrument, contract, lease, 
note, indenture, mortgage or purchase order or (B) an event which results 
in the creation of any lien, charge or encumbrance upon any assets of the 
Company or the suspension, revocation, forfeiture, or nonrenewal of any 
material permit or license applicable to the Company.

4.          Representations and Warranties of Purchaser.  Purchaser hereby 
represents and warrants to the Company that:

a)          Authorization.  Purchaser has full power and authority to enter 
into this Agreement.  This Agreement, when executed and delivered by 
Purchaser, will constitute a valid and legally binding obligation of 
Purchaser, enforceable in accordance with its terms, except as limited by 
applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium, fraudulent 
conveyance, and any other laws of general application affecting enforcement 
of creditors’ rights generally, and as limited by laws relating to the 
availability of a specific performance, injunctive relief, or other 
equitable remedies.

(b)          Purchase Entirely for Own Account; Regulation S.  This 
Agreement is made with Purchaser in reliance upon Purchaser’s 
representation to the Company, which by Purchaser’s execution of this 
Agreement, Purchaser hereby confirms, that the Securities to be acquired by 
Purchaser will be acquired for investment for Purchaser’s own account, not 
as a nominee or agent, and not with a view to the resale or distribution of 
any part thereof, and that Purchaser has no present intention of selling, 
granting any participation in, or otherwise distributing the same.  By 
executing this Agreement, Purchaser further represents that Purchaser does 
not presently have any contract, undertaking, agreement or arrangement with 
any person to sell, transfer or grant participations to such person or to 
any third person, with respect to any of the Securities.  Purchaser has not 
been formed for the specific purpose of acquiring any of the Securities.  
In connection therewith, Purchaser confirms that Purchaser is neither a 
U.S. Person, as such term is defined in Rule 902(k) of Regulation S, nor 
located within the United States, and that the transaction will be between 
non-U.S. Persons, and take place outside of the United States. Purchaser 
further confirms that Purchaser is not acquiring the Securities for the 
account or benefit of any U.S. person. Purchaser understands that 
Regulation S in available only for offers and sales of securities outside 
of the United States, and will fully comply with Regulation S.

(c)          Knowledge.  Purchaser is aware of the Company’s business 
affairs and financial condition and has acquired sufficient information 
about the Company to reach an informed and knowledgeable decision to 
acquire the Securities.  Purchaser acknowledges and understands that the 
Company is a relatively new business and understands that any investment in 
the Company is highly speculative and subject to a high degree of risk 
which could result in the loss of Purchaser’s entire investment.

3

------------------------------------------------------------------------

(d)          Restricted Securities.  Purchaser understands that the 
Securities have not been, and may not be, registered under the Securities 
Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”), by reason of a specific 
exemption from the registration provisions of the Securities Act which 
depends upon, among other things, the bona fide nature of the investment 
intent and the accuracy of Purchaser’s representations as expressed herein. 
 Purchaser understands that the Securities are “restricted securities” 
under applicable U.S. federal and state securities laws and that, pursuant 
to these laws, Purchaser must hold the Securities indefinitely unless they 
are registered with the Securities and Exchange Commission and qualified by 
state authorities, or an exemption from such registration and qualification 
requirements is available.  Purchaser acknowledges that the Company has no 
obligation to register or qualify the Securities for resale.  Purchaser 
further acknowledges that if an exemption from registration or 
qualification is available, it may be conditioned on various requirements 
including, but not limited to, the time and manner of sale, the holding 
period for the Securities, and on requirements relating to the Company 
which are outside of Purchaser’s control, and which the Company is under no 
obligation and may not be able to satisfy.

(e)          Legends.  Purchaser understands that the Securities, and any 
securities issued in respect thereof or exchange therefor, may bear one or 
all of the following legends:

(i)          “THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE HAVE NOT BEEN 
REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AND HAVE BEEN ACQUIRED FOR 
INVESTMENT AND NOT WITH A VIEW TO, OR IN CONNECTION WITH, THE SALE OR 
DISTRIBUTION THEREOF.  NO SUCH SALE OR DISTRIBUTION MAY BE EFFECTED WITHOUT 
AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT RELATED THERETO OR AN OPINION OF 
COUNSEL IN A FORM SATISFACTORY TO THE COMPANY THAT SUCH REGISTRATION IS NOT 
REQUIRED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933.”

(ii)          Any legend required by the Blue Sky laws of any state to the 
extent such laws are applicable to the shares represented by the 
certificate so legended.

5.          Miscellaneous.

(a)          Successors and Assigns.  The terms and conditions of this 
Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the respective 
successors and assigns of the parties.  Nothing in this Agreement, express 
or implied, is intended to confer upon any party other than the parties 
hereto or their respective successors and assigns any rights, remedies, 
obligations, or liabilities under or by reason of this Agreement, except as 
expressly provided in this Agreement.

(b)          Governing Law; Venue.  This Agreement and all acts and 
transactions pursuant hereto and the rights and obligations of the parties 
hereto shall be governed, construed and interpreted in accordance with the 
internal laws of the State of Nevada, without giving effect to its 
principles of conflicts of law.  Venue for any dispute arising out of this 
Agreement shall be exclusively in the state and federal courts located in 
Clark County, Nevada and each party hereby expressly consents to the 
personal jurisdiction of such courts and irrevocably waives any objection 
to such venue based on forum nonconveniens.

4

------------------------------------------------------------------------

(c)          Counterparts.  This Agreement may be executed in two or more 
counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original and all of which 
together shall constitute one instrument.

(d)          Titles and Subtitles.  The titles and subtitles used in this 
Agreement are used for convenience only and are not to be considered in 
construing or interpreting this Agreement.

(e)          Notices.  Any notice required or permitted by this Agreement 
shall be in writing and shall be deemed sufficient upon receipt, when 
delivered personally or by courier, overnight delivery service or confirmed 
facsimile, or 48 hours after being deposited in the U.S. mail as certified 
or registered mail with postage prepaid, if such notice is addressed to the 
party to be notified at such party’s address or facsimile number as set 
forth below or as subsequently modified by written notice.

(f)          Amendments and Waivers.  No provision of this Agreement may be 
waived, modified, supplemented or amended except in a written instrument 
signed, in the case of an amendment, by the Company and Purchaser, in the 
case of a waiver, by the party against whom enforcement of any such waived 
provision is sought.  Any amendment or waivers effected in accordance with 
this Section 5(f) shall be binding upon Purchaser and each transferee of 
the Securities, each future holder of all such Securities, and the Company. 
No waiver of any default with respect to any provision, condition or 
requirement of this Agreement shall be deemed to be a continuing waiver in 
the future or a waiver of any subsequent default or a waiver of any other 
provision, condition or requirement hereof, nor shall any delay or omission 
of any party to exercise any right hereunder in any manner impair the 
exercise of any such right.

(g)          Severability.  If one or more provisions of this Agreement are 
held to be unenforceable under applicable law, the parties agree to 
renegotiate such provision in good faith, in order to maintain the economic 
position enjoyed by each party as close as possible to that under the 
provision rendered unenforceable.  In the event that the parties cannot 
reach a mutually agreeable and enforceable replacement for such provision, 
then (i) such provision shall be excluded from this Agreement, (ii) the 
balance of the Agreement shall be interpreted as if such provision were so 
excluded and (iii) the balance of the Agreement shall be enforceable in 
accordance with its terms.

(h)          Entire Agreement.  This Agreement, and the documents referred 
to herein constitute the entire agreement between the parties hereto 
pertaining to the subject matter hereof, and any and all other written or 
oral agreements existing between the parties hereto are expressly canceled.

(i)          Legal Expenses.  All parties to this Agreement shall be 
responsible for their own legal expenses.

(j)          Exculpation.  Purchaser acknowledges that it is not relying 
upon any person, firm or corporation, other than the Company and its 
officers and directors, in making its investment or decision to invest in 
the Company.

[Signature pages follow]

5

------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
The undersigned have executed this Agreement for effectiveness as of the 
date first set forth above.


 
LANDBOND HOME LIMITED
 
By: /s/ Yong Zhang                                     
 
Name: Yong Zhang                                     
Title: CEO                                                      
 
Address and Email:
 
Unit B, 19/F., Hiller Commercial Building,
89-91 Wing Lok Street,                               
Sheung Wan, Hong Kong                         
 
stlacausa@foxmail.com                              
 


FUSE ENTERPRISES INC.

By:       /s/ Yong Zhang                               

Name:  Yong Zhang                                    

Title:   CEO                                                   

Address and Email:

444 E. Huntington Dr. #105                                  
Arcadia, CA 91006                                       

stlacausa@foxmail.com                              

------------------------------------------------------------------------

EXHIBIT A

FORM OF NOTE

[See Attached]

 

 


 

------------------------------------------------------------------------

THIS CONVERTIBLE PROMISSORY NOTE HAS NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE 
SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AND HAVE BEEN ACQUIRED FOR INVESTMENT AND NOT WITH 
A VIEW TO, OR IN CONNECTION WITH, THE SALE OR DISTRIBUTION THEREOF.  NO 
SUCH SALE OR DISTRIBUTION MAY BE EFFECTED WITHOUT EXCEPT PURSUANT TO AN 
EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT OR AN APPLICABLE EXEMPTION FROM 
REGISTRATION AND AN OPINION OF COUNSEL IN A FORM SATISFACTORY TO THE 
COMPANY TO THE EFFECT THAT SUCH REGISTRATION IS NOT REQUIRED UNDER THE 
SECURITIES ACT OF 1933.

FUSE ENTERPRISES INC.
CONVERTIBLE PROMISSORY NOTE

$6,869,817.60 Original Issue Date: December 19, 2017          


For value received, FUSE ENTERPRISES INC., a Nevada corporation (the “
Company”), promises to pay to LANDBOND HOME LIMITED, a company organized 
under the laws of Samoa (the “Holder”), the principal sum of Six Million 
Eight Hundred Sixty Nine Thousand Eight Hundred Seventeen and Sixty Cent 
Dollars ($6,869,817.60) (the “Principal Amount”).  Interest shall accrue 
from the date of this Note on the unpaid principal amount at a rate equal 
to six percent (6.0%) per annum.  This Note is issued pursuant to that 
certain Convertible Promissory Note Purchase Agreement, dated as of 
Original Issue Date hereof, by and between the Company and Holder (the “
Purchase Agreement”).  This Note is subject to the following terms and 
conditions.

1.          Maturity; Interest Payments.

(a)          Unless converted as provided in Section 2, this Note will 
mature and become due and payable on the date that is twenty-four (24) 
months from the Original Issue Date hereof (the “Maturity Date”).  The 
Holder shall have the right, but not the obligation, to convert all or any 
part of the aggregate outstanding Principal Amount of this Note, together 
with interest, if any, into shares of Common Stock, at any time prior to 
the later of the Maturity Date or the date on which this Note is paid in 
full. The number of shares of Common Stock to be issued upon any such 
conversion shall be the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the Principal 
Amount and any unpaid interest accrued thereon by (y) a conversion price of 
one dollar fifty cents ($1.50) per share of Common Stock of the Company.

(b)          Subject to Section 2 below, interest shall accrue on this Note 
from the Original Issue Date hereof, and such accrued interest (the “
Interest”) shall be due and payable to the Holder at the end of each March, 
June, September and December following the Original Issue Date.  All 
accrued Interest may be paid to the Holder, at the Holder’s election, in 
immediately available funds or in the Company’s Common Stock or any 
combination thereof. (each, and “Conversion Interest Payment”).  The number 
of shares of Common Stock to be issued upon any such Conversion Interest 
Payment shall be the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the unpaid interest 
accrued on the Principal Amount by (y) a conversion price of one dollar 
fifty cents ($1.50) per share of Common Stock. (the “Conversion Price”)

(c)          Notwithstanding the foregoing, the entire unpaid Principal 
Amount, together with accrued and unpaid interest thereon, shall become 
immediately due and payable

------------------------------------------------------------------------

upon (i) the insolvency of the Company, the commission of any act of 
bankruptcy by the Company, or the execution by the Company of a general 
assignment for the benefit of creditors; (ii) the filing by or against the 
Company of a petition in bankruptcy or any petition for relief under the 
federal bankruptcy act or the continuation of such petition without 
dismissal for a period of ninety (90) days or more; (iii) the appointment 
of a receiver or trustee to take possession of the property or assets of 
the Company or (iv) the occurrence of an Event of Default.  An “Event of 
Default” shall exist upon a material breach or default by the Company of 
its obligations under this Note or the Purchase Agreement and the Company 
has failed to cure such breach or default within thirty (30) days following 
notice by the Holder of the occurrence of such breach or default.

2.          Conversion.

(a)          Optional Conversion.

(i)          At any time prior to the later of the Maturity Date or the 
date on which this Note is paid in full, at the option of the Holder, by 
written notice to the Company (the “Optional Conversion Notice”), all or 
any part of Principal Amount and accrued and unpaid interest thereon (the “
Optional Conversion Amount”) may be converted into shares of the Company’s 
Common Stock.  The number of shares of Common Stock to be issued upon such 
conversion shall be the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the Optional 
Conversion Amount by (y) a conversion price of one dollar fifty cents 
($1.50) per share of Common Stock (the “Conversion Stock”). A form of 
Notice of conversion to be employed by the Holder is annexed hereto as 
Exhibit A.

(ii)          The Company shall take all actions, and shall execute, 
deliver and file all documents, agreements and instruments as are necessary 
to cause the issuance and delivery of the Conversion Stock to the Holder as 
promptly as reasonably practicable following delivery of the Optional 
Conversion Notice. 

(iii)          Upon any conversion of this Note, the Holder hereby agrees 
to execute and deliver to the Company all customary documents reasonably 
requested by the Company.

    (b)           Mechanics and Effect of Conversion.  No fractional shares 
of the Company’s capital stock will be issued upon conversion under this 
Note.  In lieu of any fractional share to which the Holder would otherwise 
be entitled, the Company will pay to the Holder in cash the amount of the 
unconverted principal and interest balance of this Note that would 
otherwise be converted into such fractional share.  Upon conversion of this 
Note pursuant to the Section 2, the Holder shall surrender this Note, duly 
endorsed, at the principal offices of the Company or any transfer agent of 
the Company.  At its expense, the Company will, as soon as practicable 
thereafter, issue and deliver to such Holder a certificate or certificates 
or electronically through the DWAC or other established clearing 
corporation performing similar functions for the number of shares which the 
Holder is entitled upon such conversion, together with any other securities 
and property to which the Holder is entitled upon such conversion under the 
terms of this Note, including a check payable to the Holder for any cash 
amounts payable as described herein.  Upon conversion of this Note, the 
Company will be forever released from all of its obligations and 
liabilities under this Note with regard to that portion of the principal 
amount and accrued interest

------------------------------------------------------------------------

being converted including without limitation the obligation to pay such 
portion of the principal amount and accrued interest.

(c)          Stock Splits, Combinations and Dividends.  If the shares of 
Common Stock are subdivided or combined into a greater or smaller number of 
shares of Common Stock, or if a dividend is paid on the Common Stock in 
shares of Common Stock, the Conversion Price shall be proportionately 
reduced in case of subdivision of shares or stock dividend or 
proportionately increased in the case of combination of shares, in each 
such case by the ratio which the total number of shares of Common Stock 
outstanding immediately after such event bears to the total number of 
shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately prior to such event.

3.          Payment; Prepayment.  All payments shall be made in lawful 
money of the United States of America at such place as the Holder hereof 
may from time to time designate in writing to the Company.  Payment shall 
be credited first to the accrued interest then due and payable and the 
remainder applied to principal.  The Notes may not be prepaid without the 
prior written consent of the Holder.

4.          Transfer; Successors and Assigns.  The terms and conditions of 
this Note shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the respective 
successors and assigns of the parties.  The Holder may assign, pledge, or 
otherwise transfer this Note without the prior written consent of the 
Company.  Subject to the preceding sentence, this Note may be transferred 
only upon surrender of the original Note for registration of transfer, duly 
endorsed, or accompanied by a duly executed written instrument of transfer 
in form satisfactory to the Company.  Thereupon, a new note for the same 
principal amount and interest will be issued to, and registered in the name 
of, the transferee as Holder.  Interest and principal are payable only to 
the registered holder of this Note.

5.          Governing Law; Venue.  This Note and all acts and transactions 
pursuant hereto and the rights and obligations of the parties hereto shall 
be governed, construed and interpreted in accordance with the internal laws 
of the State of Nevada, without giving effect to principles of conflicts of 
law.  Venue for any dispute arising out of this Agreement shall be 
exclusively in the state and federal courts located in Clark County, 
Nevada, and each party hereby expressly consents to the personal 
jurisdiction of such courts and irrevocably waives any objection to such 
venue based on forum nonconveniens.

6.          Notices.  Any notice required or permitted by this Note shall 
be in writing and shall be deemed sufficient upon receipt, when delivered 
personally or by courier, overnight delivery service or confirmed 
facsimile, or forty-eight (48) hours after being deposited in the U.S. mail 
as certified or registered mail with postage prepaid, if such notice is 
addressed to the party to be notified at such party’s address or facsimile 
number as included in the Purchase Agreement or as subsequently modified by 
written notice.

7.          Stockholders, Officers and Directors Not Liable.  In no event 
shall any stockholder, officer or director of the Company be liable for any 
amounts due or payable pursuant to this Note.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

8.          Loss of Note.  Upon receipt by the Company of evidence 
satisfactory to it of the loss, theft, destruction or mutilation of this 
Note or any Note exchanged for it, and indemnity satisfactory to the 
Company (in case of loss, theft or destruction) or surrender and 
cancellation of such Note (in the case of mutilation), the Company will 
make and deliver in lieu of such Note a new Note of like tenor.

9.          Waiver of Jury Trial.  PARTIES HEREBY AGREE TO WAIVE THEIR 
RIGHT TO A JURY TRIAL OF ANY CLAIM OR CAUSE OF ACTION BASED UPON OR ARISING 
OUT OF THIS NOTE.  THE SCOPE OF THIS WAIVER IS INTENDED TO BE ALL 
ENCOMPASSING OF ANY AND ALL DISPUTES THAT MAY BE FILED IN ANY COURT AND 
THAT RELATE TO THE SUBJECT MATTER OF THIS TRANSACTION, INCLUDING, WITHOUT 
LIMITATION, CONTRACT CLAIMS, TORT CLAIMS, BREACH OF DUTY CLAIMS, AND ALL 
OTHER COMMON LAW AND STATUTORY CLAIMS

[signature page follows]

 

 

 

------------------------------------------------------------------------

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have executed this Convertible 
Promissory Note as of the Original Issue Date set forth above.


                      COMPANY:

                      FUSE ENTERPRISES INC.


                      By:                                                  
                                           

                      Name: Yong Zhang                                     
                                     

                      Title: CEO                                           
                                      


                      AGREED TO AND ACCEPTED:

                      LANDBOND HOME LIMITED

                      By:                                                  
                                           

                      Name: Yong Zhang                                     
                                     

                      Title: CEO                                           
                                     





------------------------------------------------------------------------

Exhibit A


NOTICE OF CONVERSION


The undersigned hereby elects to convert principal and/or interest under 
the Note due ____________ of Fuse Enterprises Inc, a Nevada corporation 
(the “Company”), into shares of Common Stock according to the conditions 
hereof, as of the date written below.  No fee will be charged to the holder 
for any conversion.

Conversion calculation:

Date to Effect Conversion:

Number of shares of Common Stock to be issued:

 

HOLDER:              _______________________________________
(Print Name of Holder)


By:          ________________________________
Name:
Title:



 