 EX-10.1 2 v466849_ex10-1.htm EXHIBIT 10.1
 
Exhibit 10.1
 
NOMINATION AND STANDSTILL AGREEMENT
 
This NOMINATION AND STANDSTILL AGREEMENT dated May 11, 2017 (this “
Agreement”) is by and among Digirad Corporation (“Digirad”) and the other 
members of the Digirad Group listed on the signature page hereto 
(collectively with Digirad, the “Digirad Group” and each individually a 
“member” of the Digirad Group), Birner Dental Management Services, Inc. 
(the “Company”), Frederic W.J. Birner and Dennis N. Genty.
 
WHEREAS, the Company’s Board of Directors (the “Board”) has considered the 
qualifications of John M. Climaco and Gregory G. Fulton as potential 
nominees to the Company’s Board of Directors and has conducted such reviews 
as they have deemed appropriate, including reviewing materials provided by 
Messrs. Climaco and Fulton; and
 
WHEREAS, the Board has determined that it is in the best interests of the 
Company to recommend that the Company, among other things, include Messrs. 
Climaco and Fulton in its slate of nominees for election to the Board at 
the Company’s 2017 annual meeting of shareholders, on the terms set forth 
in this Agreement.
 
NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of and reliance upon the mutual covenants 
and agreements contained herein, and for other good and valuable 
consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, 
the parties hereto agree as follows:
 
1. 	2017 Annual Meeting of Shareholders and Related Matters.
 
(a)       Nomination of Messrs. Climaco and Fulton. Having had discussions 
with the Digirad Group regarding the nominees to be nominated for election 
to the Board at the Company’s 2017 annual meeting of shareholders, or any 
other meeting of shareholders held in lieu thereof, and any adjournments, 
postponements, reschedulings or continuations thereof (the “2017 Meeting
”), the Board has determined to nominate John M. Climaco and Gregory G. 
Fulton (the “Digirad Nominees”) for election as Class II directors of the 
Company at the 2017 Meeting on the terms set out in this Agreement. The 
Company agrees that it shall hold the 2017 Meeting no later than June 30, 
2017.
 
(b)       Board Size. Concurrent with the execution and delivery of this 
Agreement, the Board has determined and agreed to increase the size of the 
Board by two (2) directors effective at the 2017 Meeting and nominate the 
Digirad Nominees for election as directors of the Company to fill such 
vacancies at the 2017 Meeting, and to prepare, file with the Securities and 
Exchange Commission (“SEC”) and disseminate to the Company’s shareholders 
proxy soliciting materials describing the terms of this Agreement. The 
Board shall not further increase the size of the Board or change the size 
of any class of directors during the Standstill Period (as defined below) 
unless a majority of the Board (which majority shall include the Digirad 
Nominees) approves such increase.
 
(c)       Board Efforts. The Company shall recommend, support and solicit 
proxies for the Digirad Nominees in the same manner as it recommends, 
supports and solicits proxies for the election of the other members of the 
Board. If the Digirad Nominees are elected by the Company’s shareholders to 
serve as directors on the Board at the 2017 Meeting, such Digirad Nominees 
shall serve until the annual meeting of shareholders of the Company in 
2020, or until their earlier death, resignation, disqualification or 
removal.
       

1 

 

       
(d)       Voting.
     
(i)       Each member of the Digirad Group shall cause, in the case of all 
shares of Common Stock owned of record, and shall instruct the record 
owner, in the case of all shares of Common Stock beneficially owned but not 
owned of record, directly or indirectly, as of the record date for the 2017 
Meeting, to be present for quorum purposes and to be voted, at the 2017 
Meeting, in accordance with the Board’s recommendations for the following 
proposals: (i) the election of Brooks G. O’Neil as a Class II director and 
(ii) the ratification of Hein & Associates LLP as the Company’s independent 
registered public accounting firm for the year ending December 31, 2017. 
Except as expressly provided in, and subject in all respects to the 
restrictions of, this Section 1(d)(i) and Section 2, the Digirad Group 
shall be entitled to vote the shares of Common Stock that it beneficially 
owns as the Digirad Group determines in its sole discretion and disclose, 
publicly or otherwise, how it intends to vote or act with respect to any 
securities of the Company and the reasons therefor. For purposes of this 
Agreement, the term “Affiliate” shall have the meaning set forth in Section 
12b-2 promulgated by the SEC under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as 
amended (the “Exchange Act”); and the terms “person” or “persons” shall 
mean any individual, corporation (including not-for-profit), general or 
limited partnership, limited liability or unlimited liability company, 
joint venture, estate, trust, association, organization or other entity of 
any kind or nature.
 
(ii)       Each member of the Board, including but not limited to Frederic 
W.J. Birner and Dennis N. Genty, shall cause, in the case of all shares of 
Common Stock owned of record, and shall instruct the record owner, in the 
case of all shares of Common Stock beneficially owned but not owned of 
record, directly or indirectly, to be present for quorum purposes and to be 
voted, at the 2017 Meeting, for each of the Digirad Nominees.
 
(e)       Covenants Regarding Service on Board, Confidentiality, Etc. The 
Digirad Nominees agree to provide a signed agreement pursuant to which he 
(i) provides information required for the Company to comply with its 
disclosure requirements for nominating the Digirad Nominees in the 
Company’s proxy statement for the 2017 Meeting, (ii) consents to serve as a 
director of the Company, if elected, and to be included in the Company’s 
proxy statement and proxy card and (iii) agrees to be governed by the same 
protections and obligations regarding confidentiality, fiduciary duties, 
codes of conduct and other governance guidelines and policies of the 
Company as other directors, and shall be required to preserve the 
confidentiality of Company business and information, including discussions 
or matters considered in meetings of the Board or Board committees, and 
shall have the same rights and benefits, including with respect to 
insurance, indemnification, compensation and fees, as are applicable to all 
independent directors of the Company; provided, however, that the Digirad 
Nominees may provide confidential information of the Company which such 
Digirad Nominee learns in his capacity as director (collectively, “Company 
Confidential Information”) to the members of the Digirad Group, their 
officers, directors and advisors, as applicable (collectively, “Digirad 
Representatives”), in each case solely to the extent such Digirad 
Representative needs to know such information in connection with the 
Digirad Group’s investment in the Company; provided that such Digirad 
Nominee shall inform such Digirad Representatives of the confidential 
nature of any such Company Confidential Information; and provided further 
that neither the Digirad Group, any member thereof nor any other Digirad 
Representative (a) shall further disclose such Company Confidential 
Information for any reason or by any means, and (b) shall use such Company 
Confidential Information in any way other than in connection with the 
Digirad Group’s investment in the Company. By signing below, each member of 
the Digirad Group agrees to the confidentiality restrictions on disclosure 
and use of Company Confidential Information as set forth above and 
acknowledges that such Confidential Information may not be used in 
violation of this Agreement or securities laws applicable to trading on 
material nonpublic information. In furtherance of the foregoing, in the 
event of any breach of this Section 1(e) that the Company can establish by 
clear and convincing evidence, and without limiting other remedies of the 
Company, the Digirad Nominees shall tender their resignations to the Board 
to be accepted or rejected in the discretion of the Board.
 

2 

 

 
(f)       Compensation Committee Composition. If Mr. Climaco is elected by 
the Company’s shareholders to serve as a director on the Board at the 2017 
Meeting, the Board and all applicable committees of the Board will, 
immediately following the 2017 Meeting, take all necessary actions to 
appoint Mr. Climaco as a member of the Company’s Compensation Committee, 
provided that, at such time, Mr. Climaco meets all independence and other 
applicable standards under the rules of the SEC, the Exchange Act and any 
applicable stock exchange. Subject to the Company’s guidelines and policies 
and applicable laws, the Board and all committees of the Board shall take 
all actions necessary to ensure that during the Standstill Period the 
Digirad Nominees are not precluded from any meetings of the Board or 
applicable committees of the Board and that the Board shall give each of 
the Digirad Nominees the same due consideration for membership to any new 
committee of the Board as any other director.
 
2. 	Digirad Standstill.
 
Until the later of (i) the earlier of (A) the conclusion of the 2018 annual 
meeting of shareholders and (B) June 30, 2018, (ii) the date no Digirad 
Nominee serve as directors on the Board and (iii) in the event of 
resignation of the Digirad Nominees in the event of a breach of the 
confidentiality obligations as set forth in Section 1(e), June 30, 2020 
(the “Standstill Period”), except as expressly agreed in writing by the 
Company and approved by the Board, no member of the Digirad Group nor any 
Affiliate thereof shall, directly or indirectly, in any manner:
 
(a)       Initiate or propose any shareholder proposal or engage in any 
solicitation of proxies or written consents or become a “participant” in a 
“solicitation” (as such terms are defined in Regulation 14A under the 
Exchange Act or the rules or regulations thereunder) of proxies or written 
consents (including, without limitation, any solicitation of written 
consents to call a special meeting of shareholders), in each case, with 
respect to securities of the Company, or solicit, conduct, encourage, 
facilitate, participate, assist, advise, support, influence or engage in 
any activities (collectively, “Engage”) in any of the foregoing;
 

3 

 

 
(b)       Engage in any other type of referendum (binding or non-binding) 
with respect to the Company, including without limitation relating to the 
removal or the election of directors or any withhold the vote campaign;
     
(c)       act, alone or in concert with others, to seek to control or 
influence the management, Board, governance, policies or strategy of the 
Company or any of its subsidiaries, or Engage in any of the foregoing;
 
(d)        seek to advise, encourage, support or influence any person with 
respect to the voting or disposition of any securities of the Company at 
any annual or special meeting of shareholders, including the giving or 
withholding of any proxy, consent or other authority to vote any securities 
of the Company, or Engage in any of the foregoing;
 
(e)       (x) call or seek to call any meeting of shareholders, including 
by written consent, or provide to any third party a proxy, consent or 
requisition to call any meeting of shareholders, (y) seek to have the 
shareholders authorize or take corporate action by written consent without 
a meeting, solicit any consents from shareholders or grant any consent or 
proxy for a consent to any third party seeking to have shareholders 
authorize or take corporate action by written consent without a meeting, or 
(z) make a request for any shareholder list or other books and records of 
the Company, whether pursuant to the Exchange Act, the Colorado Business 
Corporation Act, or otherwise, or Engage in any of the foregoing;
 
(f)       form or join in a partnership, limited partnership, syndicate or 
other group, including without limitation a “group” (other than in each 
case, solely with the members of the Digirad Group and their Affiliates, 
Associates (as defined under Section 12b-2 of the Exchange Act), or 
immediate family members) as defined under Section 13(d) of the Exchange 
Act or Rule 13d-5(b) promulgated pursuant to the Exchange Act with respect 
to any securities of the Company or otherwise Engage in any effort by a 
third party with respect to the matters set forth in this Section 2;
 
(g)       deposit any securities of the Company in a voting trust or 
subject any securities of the Company to any arrangement or agreement with 
respect to the voting of the securities of the Company;
 
(h)        (x) either directly or indirectly for itself or its Affiliates, 
or in conjunction with any other person or entity in which it is or 
proposes to be either a principal, partner or financing source or is acting 
or proposes to act as a broker or agent for compensation, effect or seek, 
offer or propose to effect, or cause or participate in, or (y) solicit or 
cause a third-party to effect, offer or propose to effect, any (i) any 
tender or exchange offer, merger, consolidation, acquisition, scheme, 
arrangement, business combination, recapitalization, reorganization, sale 
or acquisition of assets, liquidation, dissolution or other extraordinary 
transaction involving the Company or all or substantially all of the 
securities of the Company or (ii) any form of restructuring, 
recapitalization or similar transaction with respect to the Company or any 
of its subsidiaries or affiliates;
 

4 

 

 
(i)       make any public demands, objections, proposals, recommendations, 
or other written communications to the Company or any member of the Board 
or management of the Company in its capacity as a shareholder, on behalf of 
the Company in a shareholder derivative capacity or otherwise, or Engage in 
any of the foregoing;
 
(j)       except as specifically provided in this Agreement, seek, alone or 
in concert with others, to (x) place a representative or other affiliate or 
nominee on the Board, (y) seek the removal of any member of the Board or 
(z) change the size or composition of the Board, or Engage in any of the 
foregoing;
 
(k)       authorize, solicit, pay or subsidize any third party to perform, 
act in concert with another person to, commit to, or agree in writing or 
otherwise to do, advise, assist or encourage any person in connection with, 
or enter into any discussions, negotiations, arrangements or understandings 
with any person with respect to, any act prohibited in this Section 2, or 
Engage in any of the foregoing;
 
(l)       Disclose any intention, plan or arrangement inconsistent with the 
restrictions set forth in this Section 2; or
 
(m)       take any action which would cause or require the Company to make 
public disclosure regarding any of the foregoing or publicly request any 
amendment or waiver of the restrictions set forth in this Section 2; 
provided, however, that nothing in this Section 2 shall be deemed to 
prohibit any member of the Digirad Group or the Digirad Nominees from 
communicating privately with the Company’s directors, officers or advisors 
with respect to any of the matters set forth in this Section 2 so long as 
such communications are not intended to, and would not reasonably be 
expected to, require any public disclosure of such communications.
 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing in this Section 2 shall preclude the 
Digirad Group from (i) submitting an advance notice nominating one or more 
director nominees in accordance with the provisions of the Company’s Second 
Amended and Restated Bylaws (the “Bylaws”) with respect to any meeting of 
shareholders during the Standstill Period for the purpose of electing 
directors, (ii) soliciting proxies or written consents from shareholders, 
voting, and encouraging shareholders to vote, in favor of such nominations 
and (iii) making requests for shareholder lists or other books and records 
of the Company or such other actions necessary to facilitate seeking 
shareholder approval of such nominations; provided, however, that no such 
nomination shall be submitted any earlier than February 15, 2018, unless 
the deadline under the Bylaws requires the submission of such advance 
notice earlier than such date. Nothing in this Section 2 shall be deemed to 
limit the exercise in good faith by the Digirad Nominees of such person’s 
fiduciary duties in such person’s capacity as a director of the Company.
 
3. 	Representations; Non-Disparagement.
 
(a)       Representations by the Company. The Company represents and 
warrants as follows: (i) the Company has the power and authority to 
execute, deliver and carry out the terms and provisions of this Agreement 
and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby, (ii) this Agreement 
has been duly and validly authorized, executed and delivered by the 
Company, constitutes a valid and binding obligation and agreement of the 
Company and is enforceable against the Company in accordance with its terms 
and (iii) the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement by the 
Company does not and will not (a) violate or conflict with any law, rule, 
regulation, order, judgment or decree applicable to the Company or (b) 
result in any breach or violation of or constitute a default (or an event 
which with notice or lapse of time or both would constitute such a breach, 
violation or default) under or pursuant to, or result in the loss of a 
material benefit under, or give any right of termination, amendment, 
acceleration or cancellation of, any organizational document or agreement 
to which the Company is a party or by which it is bound. The Company 
represents and warrants that no advance notice has been submitted to the 
Company with respect to the 2017 Meeting, other than the advance notice 
submitted by the Digirad Group, and that it is not aware of any other 
matters to be acted on at the 2017 Meeting besides those specifically 
enumerated in Section 1(d)(i) of this Agreement.
     

5 

 

     
(b)       Representations by the Digirad Group. Each member of the Digirad 
Group represents and warrants as follows: (i) such member has the power and 
authority to execute, deliver and carry out the terms and provisions of 
this Agreement and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby, (ii) 
this Agreement has been duly and validly authorized, executed and delivered 
by such member, constitutes a valid and binding obligation and agreement of 
such member and is enforceable against such member in accordance with its 
terms, and (iii) the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement 
by such Digirad Group member does not and will not (a) violate or conflict 
with any law, rule, regulation, order, judgment or decree applicable to the 
member or (b) result in any breach or violation of or constitute a default 
(or an event which with notice or lapse of time or both would constitute 
such a breach, violation or default) under or pursuant to, or result in the 
loss of a material benefit under, or give any right of termination, 
amendment, acceleration or cancellation of, any organizational document or 
agreement to which the member is a party or by which it is bound. Each 
member of the Digirad Group represents that the Joint Filing and 
Solicitation Agreement among members of the Digirad Group and certain other 
individuals dated March 8, 2017 (the “Solicitation Agreement”) has been 
amended to terminate the Digirad Group’s agreement with respect to the 
matters in Sections 3 and 4 of the Solicitation Agreement.
 
(c)       Digirad Non-Disparagement. During the Standstill Period, or if 
earlier, until such time as the Company or any of its agents, Affiliates, 
officers or directors (other than the Digirad Nominees) shall have breached 
Section 3(d), no member of the Digirad Group will intentionally make, or 
cause to be made, any statement or announcement that constitutes an ad 
hominem attack on, or otherwise disparages, the Company, its officers or 
its directors or any former officer or director of the Company: (i) in any 
document or report filed with or furnished to the SEC or any other 
governmental agency, (ii) in any press release or other publicly available 
format, or (iii) to any journalist or member of the media (including 
without limitation, in a television, radio, newspaper or magazine interview 
or in social media).
 
(d)       Company Non-Disparagement. During the Standstill Period, or if 
earlier, until such time as any member of the Digirad Group or any of the 
Digirad Representatives shall have breached Section 3(c), the Company will 
not intentionally make, and will instruct those individuals serving as 
officers and directors of the Company not to intentionally make, or cause 
to be made, any statement or announcement that constitutes an ad hominem 
attack on, or otherwise disparages, any member of the Digirad Group or 
their officers or directors or any former officer or director, where 
applicable: (i) in any document or report filed with or furnished to the 
SEC or any other governmental agency, (ii) in any press release or other 
publicly available format, or (iii) to any journalist or member of the 
media (including without limitation, in a television, radio, newspaper or 
magazine interview or in social media). Notwithstanding the foregoing, 
nothing in Sections 3(c) and 3(d) or elsewhere in this Agreement shall 
prohibit any party from making any statement or disclosure required under 
the federal securities law or other applicable laws; provided that such 
party must provide written notice to the other parties at least two (2) 
business days prior to making any such statement or disclosure required 
under the federal securities laws or other applicable laws that would 
otherwise be prohibited by the provisions of Sections 3(c) and 3(d), and 
reasonably consider any comments of such other parties.
 

6 

 

 
4. 	Other Agreements.
 
(a)       Withdrawal of Proposals; Schedule 13D and Form 8-K. Promptly 
following the execution and delivery of this Agreement, (i) the Digirad 
Group shall withdraw (A) its letter of March 8, 2017 informing the Company 
of its intent to propose a nominee for election to the Board at the 2017 
Meeting and make certain other proposals described therein, and (B) its 
letter of March 23, 2017 regarding demands to inspect shareholder records, 
and file an amendment to its Schedule 13D with the SEC describing the terms 
of this Agreement and attaching this Agreement as an exhibit thereto; 
provided, however, that the Company shall first be given the opportunity to 
review and provide reasonable comments on such draft Schedule 13D/A prior 
to such filing, and (ii) the Company shall file a Form 8-K with the SEC 
describing the terms of this Agreement, provided, however, that the Digirad 
Group shall first be given the opportunity to review and provide reasonable 
comments on such draft Form 8-K.
 
(b)       Specific Performance. Each of the members of the Digirad Group, 
on the one hand, and the Company, on the other hand, acknowledges and 
agrees that irreparable injury to the other party hereto may occur in the 
event any of the provisions of this Agreement were not performed in 
accordance with their specific terms or were otherwise breached and that 
such injury would not be adequately compensable in damages. It is 
accordingly agreed that the members of the Digirad Group or any of them, on 
the one hand, and the Company, on the other hand (the “Moving Party”), 
shall each be entitled to specific enforcement of, and injunctive relief to 
prevent any violation of, or to enforce, the terms hereof, and the other 
party hereto will not take action, directly or indirectly, in opposition to 
the Moving Party seeking such relief on the grounds that any other remedy 
or relief is available at law or in equity.
 
(c)       Severability. If any term, provision, covenant or restriction of 
this Agreement is held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, 
void or unenforceable, the remainder of the terms, provisions, covenants 
and restrictions of this Agreement shall remain in full force and effect 
and shall in no way be affected, impaired or invalidated. It is hereby 
stipulated and declared to be the intention of the parties that the parties 
would have executed the remaining terms, provisions, covenants and 
restrictions without including any of such which may be hereafter declared 
invalid, void or unenforceable. In addition, the parties agree to use their 
best efforts to agree upon and substitute a valid and enforceable term, 
provision, covenant or restriction for any of such that is held invalid, 
void or enforceable by a court of competent jurisdiction.
 

7 

 

 
(d)       Notices. Any notices, consents, determinations, waivers or other 
communications required or permitted to be given under the terms of this 
Agreement must be in writing and will be deemed to have been delivered: (i) 
upon receipt, when delivered personally; (ii) upon receipt, when sent by 
facsimile (provided confirmation of transmission is mechanically or 
electronically generated and kept on file by the sending party); or (iii) 
one (1) business day after deposit with a nationally recognized overnight 
delivery service, in each case properly addressed to the party to receive 
the same. The addresses and facsimile numbers for such communications shall 
be:
 
      If the Company:
      Birner Dental Management Services, Inc.
      1777 S. Harrison Street, Suite 1400
      Denver, Colorado 80201
Attention:   	CEO
Facsimile: 	(303) 691-1874
       
      with a copy to (which shall not constitute notice):
       
      Faegre Baker Daniels LLP
      1700 Lincoln Street, Suite 3200
      Denver, Colorado 80203
Attention:   	Douglas R. Wright
Facsimile: 	(303) 607-3600
       
      If to the Digirad Group:
      Digirad Corporation
      1048 Industrial Court
      Suwanee, Georgia 30024 
Attention:    	Charles M. Gillman
  	Jeffry R. Keyes
Facsimile: 	(858) 726-1546
 
      with a copy to (which shall not constitute notice):
  
      Olshan Frome Wolosky LLP
      1325 Avenue of the Americas
      New York, New York 10019 
Attention:    	Adam W. Finerman, Esq.
  	Timothy D. Knox, Esq.
Facsimile: 	(212) 451-2222
  

8 

 

 
(e)       Applicable Law. This Agreement is governed by and construed in 
accordance with the internal laws of the State of Colorado applicable to 
contracts made and to be performed therein, without regard to the conflict 
of laws principles. Each party submits to exclusive jurisdiction and venue 
of federal or state courts in Colorado and agrees not to institute 
litigation in any other forums in respect of the interpretation or 
enforcement of this Agreement (except for proceedings to obtain enforcement 
of an order of a Colorado federal or state court).
 
(f)       Counterparts. This Agreement and any amendments hereto may be 
executed and delivered in one or more counterparts, and by the different 
parties hereto in separate counterparts, either manually or by electronic 
or digital signature (including by facsimile or electronic mail 
transmission in pdf format), each of which when executed shall be deemed to 
be an original, but all of which taken together shall constitute one and 
the same agreement.
 
(g)       Entire Agreement; Amendment and Waiver; Successors and Assigns. 
This Agreement contains the entire understanding of the parties hereto with 
respect to its subject matter, provided that nothing herein shall replace 
the confidentiality agreement between the Company and Mark Birner dated as 
of June 3, 2016, which remains in full force and effect. There are no 
restrictions, agreements, promises, representations, warranties, covenants 
or undertakings between the parties other than those expressly set forth 
herein. This Agreement may be amended only by a written instrument duly 
executed by the parties hereto or their respective successors or assigns. 
No failure on the part of any party to exercise, and no delay in 
exercising, any right, power or remedy hereunder shall operate as a waiver 
thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise of such right, power or 
remedy by such party preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the 
exercise of any other right, power or remedy. All remedies hereunder are 
cumulative and are not exclusive of any other remedies provided by law. The 
terms and conditions of this Agreement shall be binding upon, inure to the 
benefit of, and be enforceable by the parties hereto and their respective 
successors, heirs, executors, legal representatives, and permitted assigns. 
No party shall assign this Agreement or any rights or obligations hereunder 
without the prior written consent the other party. This Agreement shall 
terminate at the end of the Standstill Period, except Sections 4(b)-(j) 
shall survive termination.
 
(h)       No Third Party Beneficiaries. This Agreement is solely for the 
benefit of the parties hereto and is not enforceable by any other persons.
 
(i)       Fees and Expenses. Except as expressly set forth below, neither 
the Company, on the one hand, nor the Digirad Group, on the other hand, 
will be responsible for any fees or expenses of the other in connection 
with this Agreement, the 2017 Meeting or otherwise. Provided that the 
Digirad Nominees are elected as directors of the Company at the 2017 
Meeting, the Company shall compensate the Digirad Nominees and reimburse 
their reasonable travel expenses for their service as directors on the same 
basis as other independent directors of the Company. Promptly following the 
execution of this Agreement, the Company shall issue to Digirad 12,500 
shares of the Company’s Common Stock as reimbursement for the Digirad 
Group’s reasonable fees and expenses incurred in connection with the 
nomination of the Digirad Nominees. In connection with such issuance, 
Digirad shall execute and deliver an agreement in customary form in which 
it attests that it is acquiring the shares for investment and not for 
resale and that the shares are restricted securities under the Securities 
Act of 1933 and not subject to resale without registration or an exemption 
under applicable securities laws. The shares shall bear an appropriate 
legend with respect to such restrictions.
 

9 

 

 
(j)       Interpretation and Construction. Each of the parties hereto 
acknowledges that it has been represented by counsel of its choice 
throughout all negotiations that have preceded the execution of this 
Agreement, and that it has executed the same with the advice of said 
independent counsel. Each party and its counsel cooperated and participated 
in the drafting and preparation of this Agreement and the documents 
referred to herein, and any and all drafts relating thereto exchanged among 
the parties shall be deemed the work product of all of the parties and may 
not be construed against any party by reason of its drafting or 
preparation. Accordingly, any rule of law or any legal decision that would 
require interpretation of any ambiguities in this Agreement against any 
party that drafted or prepared it is of no application and is hereby 
expressly waived by each of the parties hereto, and any controversy over 
interpretations of this Agreement shall be decided without regards to 
events of drafting or preparation. The section headings contained in this 
Agreement are for reference purposes only and shall not affect in any way 
the meaning or interpretation of this Agreement.
 
[Signature Pages to Follow] 
 

10 

 

 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, each of the parties hereto has executed this Nomination 
and Standstill Agreement, or caused the same to be executed by its duly 
authorized representative as of the date first above written.
 
  	THE COMPANY:
  	  	 
  	  	Birner Dental Management Services, Inc.
  	  	 
  	  	/s/ Frederic W.J. Birner
  	  	Name: Frederic W.J. Birner
  	  	Title: Chairman of the Board
  
  	For purposes of Section 1(d)(ii) only:
  	 
  	/s/ Frederic W.J. Birner
  	Frederic W.J. Birner
  	For purposes of Section 1(d)(ii) only:
  	 
  	/s/ Dennis N. Genty
  	Dennis N. Genty
 
  	
THE DIGIRAD GROUP:
  	 
  	DIGIRAD CORPORATION
  	  	 
  	  	 
  	By: 	/s/ Jeffry R. Keyes
  	  	Name: 	Jeffry R. Keyes
  	  	Title: 	Chief Financial Officer
 
  	/s/ Mark A. Birner, DDS
  	Mark A. Birner, DDS
 
  	/s/ Lee Schlessman
  	Lee Schlessman
 
  	/s/ Elizabeth Genty
  	Elizabeth Genty
 
  	/s/ John M. Climaco
  	John M. Climaco
 

Signature Page to Nomination and Standstill Agreement

 

 
  	/s/ James C. Elbaor
  	James C. Elbaor
 
  	/s/ Charles M. Gillman
  	Charles M. Gillman
 
  	/s/ Barry A. Igdaloff
  	Barry A. Igdaloff
 
  	/s/ Lee D. Keddie
  	Lee D. Keddie
 
  	/s/ Benjamin E. Large
  	Benjamin E. Large
 
  	/s/ Gregory G. Fulton
  	Gregory G. Fulton
 

Signature Page to Nomination and Standstill Agreement