 EX-10.13 4 tier-ex1013formofrestricte.htm EXHIBIT 10.13
Exhibit 10.13

TIER REIT, INC.

RESTRICTED STOCK AWARD AGREEMENT


Name of the Grantee: [    ] (the “Grantee”)
No. of Shares of Restricted Stock Awarded: [    ]
Grant Effective Date: [    ], 201__


RECITALS

A.    The Grantee is [a/an] [non-employee director/officer] of TIER REIT, 
Inc. (the “Company”).


B.    Pursuant to the Company’s 2015 Equity Incentive Plan (as may be 
amended and supplemented from time to time, the “Plan”), the Company hereby 
grants to the Grantee the number of shares of Restricted Stock of the 
Company, subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein. Unless 
otherwise indicated, capitalized terms used herein but not defined shall 
have the meanings given to those terms in the Plan.


NOW, THEREFORE, the Company and the Grantee agree as follows:


1.Grant of Restricted Stock. The Company hereby grants the Grantee the 
number of shares of Restricted Stock of the Company specified above, 
subject to the following terms and conditions and subject to the provisions 
of the Plan. The Plan is hereby incorporated herein by reference as though 
set forth herein in its entirety.


2.    Restrictions and Conditions. The Restricted Stock awarded pursuant to 
this Agreement and the Plan shall be subject to the following restrictions 
and conditions:


(i)    Subject to clause (iv) below, the period of restriction with respect 
to the shares of Restricted Stock granted hereunder (the “Restriction 
Period”) shall begin on the Grant Effective Date and lapse on the following 
schedule, provided that termination of the Grantee’s [employment/service as 
director] has not occurred prior to the applicable date restrictions lapse:




------------------------------------------------------------------------
Exhibit 10.13


       Date
       Restrictions Lapse


       Number of
       Shares Becoming Vested


       Cumulative 
       Percentage Vested


       [ ]


             [ ] ([25]%)
       [25]%
       [ ]


             [ ] ([25]%)
       [50]%
       [ ]


             [ ] ([25]%)
       [75]%
       [ ]


             [ ] ([25]%)
       [100]%
Subject to the provisions of the Plan and this Agreement, during the 
Restriction Period, the Grantee shall not be permitted voluntarily or 
involuntarily to sell, transfer, pledge, anticipate, alienate, encumber or 
assign the shares (or have such shares attached or garnished).


(ii)    Except as provided in the foregoing clause (i) or in the Plan, the 
Grantee shall have, in respect of the shares of Restricted Stock, all of 
the rights of a stockholder of the Company, including the right to vote the 
shares of Restricted Stock and the right to receive dividends if, as and 
when paid.


(iii)    Subject to clause (iv) below, upon termination of the Grantee’s 
[employment/service as a director], then all shares of Restricted Stock 
still subject to restriction shall thereupon, and with no further action, 
be forfeited by the Grantee.


(iv)    Notwithstanding any other term or provision of this Agreement, upon 
(A)  termination of the Grantee’s [employment/service as director] as a 
result of the Grantee’s death or disability or (B) a Sale Event (regardless 
of whether or not a termination of the Grantee’s [employment/service as 
director] has occurred), during the Restriction Period, then the 
Restriction Period will immediately lapse on all Restricted Stock granted 
to the Grantee that have not previously been forfeited.


(v)    Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section 2, to the 
extent the Grantee is a party to another agreement or arrangement with the 
Company that provides accelerated vesting of the shares of Restricted Stock 
or all equity awards in general in the event of certain types of employment 
terminations, a Sale Event, or any other applicable vesting-related events 
or provides more favorable vesting provisions than provided for in this 
Agreement, the more favorable vesting terms of such other agreement or 
arrangement shall control.


3.    Incorporation of Plan; Interpretation by Administrator. This 
Agreement is subject in all respects to the terms, conditions, limitations 
and definitions contained in the Plan. In the event of any discrepancy or 
inconsistency between this Agreement and the Plan, the terms and conditions 
of the Plan shall control. The Administrator may make such rules and 
regulations and establish such procedures for the administration of this 
Agreement as it deems appropriate. Without limiting the generality of the 
foregoing, the Administrator may interpret the Plan and this Agreement, 
with such interpretations to be conclusive and binding on all persons and 
otherwise accorded the maximum deference permitted by law, provided that 
the Administrator’s interpretation shall not be entitled to deference on 
and after a Sale Event except to the extent that



2
------------------------------------------------------------------------
Exhibit 10.13

such interpretations are made exclusively by members of the board of 
directors of the Company or relevant committee thereof, who are individuals 
who served as members of such board or committee, as applicable, before the 
Sale Event and take any other actions and make any other determinations or 
decisions that it deems necessary or appropriate in connection with the 
Plan, this Agreement or the administration or interpretation thereof. In 
the event of any dispute or disagreement as to interpretation of the Plan 
or this Agreement or of any rule, regulation or procedure, or as to any 
question, right or obligation arising from or related to the Plan or this 
Agreement, the decision of the Administrator, except as provided above, 
shall be final and binding upon all persons.


4.    Legend. The records of the Company and any other documentation 
evidencing the shares of Restricted Stock shall bear an appropriate legend, 
as determined by the Company in its sole discretion, to the effect that 
such shares of Restricted Stock are subject to restrictions as set forth 
herein, in the Plan and in this Agreement.


5.    Withholding and Taxes. No later than the date as of which an amount 
first becomes includible in the gross income of the Grantee for income tax 
purposes or subject to the Federal Insurance Contributions Act withholding 
with respect to the shares of Restricted Stock granted hereunder, the 
Grantee will pay to the Company or, if appropriate, any of its 
Subsidiaries, or make arrangements satisfactory to the Administrator 
regarding the payment of, any United States federal, state or local or 
foreign taxes of any kind required by law to be withheld with respect to 
such amount. The obligations of the Company under this Agreement will be 
conditional on such payment or arrangements, and the Company and its 
Subsidiaries shall, to the extent permitted by law, have the right to 
deduct any such taxes from any payment otherwise due to the Grantee. The 
Grantee hereby authorizes the Company to satisfy such withholding 
obligation by withholding from shares of Restricted Stock to be issued a 
number of shares of Stock with an aggregate Fair Market Value that would 
satisfy the withholding amount due.


6.    Amendment; Modification. This Agreement may only be modified or 
amended in a writing signed by the parties hereto, provided that the 
Grantee acknowledges that the Plan may be amended or discontinued in 
accordance with Section 19 thereof and that this Agreement may be amended 
or canceled by the Administrator, on behalf of the Company, for the purpose 
of satisfying changes in law or for any other lawful purpose, so long as no 
such action shall adversely affect the Grantee’s rights under this 
Agreement without the Grantee’s written consent. No promises, assurances, 
commitments, agreements, undertakings or representations, whether oral, 
written, electronic or otherwise, and whether express or implied, with 
respect to the subject matter hereof, have been made by the parties which 
are not set forth expressly in this Agreement. The failure of the Grantee 
or the Company to insist upon strict compliance with any provision of this 
Agreement, or to assert any right the Grantee or the Company, respectively, 
may have under this Agreement, shall not be deemed to be a waiver of such 
provision or right or any other provision or right of this Agreement.


7.    Complete Agreement. This Agreement (together with those agreements 
and documents expressly referred to herein, for the purposes referred to 
herein) embody the complete



3
------------------------------------------------------------------------
Exhibit 10.13

and entire agreement and understanding between the parties with respect to 
the subject matter hereof, and supersede any and all prior promises, 
assurances, commitments, agreements, undertakings or representations, 
whether oral, written, electronic or otherwise, and whether express or 
implied, which may relate to the subject matter hereof in any way.


8.    No Obligation to Continue Employment or Other Service Relationship. 
Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary is obligated by or as a result of 
the Plan or this Agreement to continue to have the Grantee provide services 
to it or to continue the Grantee in employment and neither the Plan nor 
this Agreement shall interfere in any way with the right of the Company or 
any Subsidiary to terminate its service relationship with the Grantee or 
the employment of the Grantee at any time.


9.    No Limit on Other Compensation Arrangements. Nothing contained in 
this Agreement shall preclude the Company from adopting or continuing in 
effect other or additional compensation plans, agreements or arrangements, 
and any such plans, agreements and arrangements may be either generally 
applicable or applicable only in specific cases or to specific persons.


10.    Severability. If any term or provision of this Agreement is or 
becomes or is deemed to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any 
jurisdiction or under any applicable law, rule or regulation, then such 
provision shall be construed or deemed amended to conform to applicable law 
(or if such provision cannot be so construed or deemed amended without 
materially altering the purpose or intent of this Agreement and the grant 
of shares of Restricted Stock hereunder, such provision shall be stricken 
as to such jurisdiction and the remainder of this Agreement and the award 
hereunder shall remain in full force and effect).


11.    Law Governing. THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED IN 
ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF TEXAS, WITHOUT REGARD TO ANY 
PRINCIPLES OF CONFLICTS OF LAW WHICH COULD CAUSE THE APPLICATION OF THE 
LAWS OF ANY JURISDICTION OTHER THAN THE STATE OF TEXAS.


12.    Headings. Section, paragraph and other headings and captions are 
provided solely as a convenience to facilitate reference. Such headings and 
captions shall not be deemed in any way material or relevant to the 
construction, meaning or interpretation of this Agreement or any term or 
provision hereof.


13.    Notices. Notices hereunder shall be mailed or delivered to the 
Company at its principal place of business and shall be mailed or delivered 
to the Grantee at the address on file with the Company or, in either case, 
at such other address as one party may subsequently furnish to the other 
party in writing.


14.    Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in two or more separate 
counterparts, each of which shall be an original, and all of which together 
shall constitute one and the same agreement.



4
------------------------------------------------------------------------
Exhibit 10.13

15.    Successors and Assigns. The rights and obligations created hereunder 
shall be binding on the Grantee and his heirs and legal representatives and 
on the successors and assigns of the Company.


[Signature Page Follows]




5
------------------------------------------------------------------------
Exhibit 10.13

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have caused this Award to be executed 
on the [_____________] day of [___________________], 201__.


                                    TIER REIT, INC.
                                     
                                     
                                     
                                     
                                     
                                     
                                     
                                     
                                    By:
                                     
                                     
                                    Name:
                                     
                                    Title:
                                     
                                     
                                     
                                     
                                    Grantee
                                     
                                     
                                     
                                     
                                     
                                    Name:
                                     
                                     
                                     
                                    Address:
                                     

















6