 EX-10.1 3 votingagreement-parent.htm VOTING AGREEMENT-PARENT

Execution Version

VOTING, IRREVOCABLE PROXY AND SUPPORT AGREEMENT

This Voting, Irrevocable Proxy and Support Agreement (this “Agreement”), 
dated as of January 2, 2017, is by and between Delek US Holdings, Inc., a 
Delaware corporation (“Parent”) and Alon USA Energy, Inc., a Delaware 
corporation (the “Company” and, collectively with Parent, the “Parties” and 
each, a “Party”).

WHEREAS, Parent owns 33,691,292 shares of common stock, par value $0.01 per 
share, of the Company (“Company Common Stock”), representing approximately 
47% of the outstanding Company Common Stock;

WHEREAS, concurrently with the execution of this Agreement, Parent, Delek 
Holdco Inc., a Delaware corporation and wholly owned subsidiary of Parent 
(“HoldCo”), Dione Mergeco, Inc., a Delaware corporation and wholly owned 
subsidiary of HoldCo (“Parent Merger Sub”), Astro Mergeco, Inc., a Delaware 
corporation and wholly owned subsidiary of HoldCo (“Astro Merger Sub”), and 
the Company, have entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger (as the same 
may be amended from time to time, the “Merger Agreement”), providing for 
the consummation of certain mergers (the “Mergers”) pursuant to the terms 
and conditions of the Merger Agreement;

WHEREAS, as a condition to its willingness to enter into the Merger 
Agreement, the Company has required that Parent execute and deliver this 
Agreement;

WHEREAS, in order to induce the Company to enter into the Merger Agreement, 
Parent is willing to make certain representations, warranties, covenants 
and agreements with respect to the 33,691,292 shares of Company Common 
Stock beneficially owned by Parent (the “Original Shares” and, together 
with any additional shares of Company Common Stock pursuant to Section 6 
hereof, collectively the “Shares”); and

WHEREAS, Parent has pledged the Company Common Stock under that certain 
Amended and Restated Pledge and Security Agreement (Term Loan) (the “
Pledge Agreement”) dated May 14, 2015 in favor of Fifth Third Bank, as Lead 
Collateral Agent for the Secured Creditors (each as defined therein) (in 
such capacity, “Collateral Agent”).


NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and for other good and 
valuable consideration, the receipt, sufficiency and adequacy of which are 
hereby acknowledged, the Parties agree as follows:


1.Definitions.


For purposes of this Agreement, capitalized terms used and not defined 
herein shall have the respective meanings ascribed to them in the Merger 
Agreement.


2.    Representations of Parent.


Parent represents and warrants to the Company that:


(a)    (i) Parent is the sole record and beneficial owner (as such term is 
defined in Rule 13d-3 of the Exchange Act) of and has good title to all of 
the Original Shares free and




------------------------------------------------------------------------


clear of all Liens (except as set forth in this Agreement, the Pledge 
Agreement and pursuant to any applicable restrictions on transfer under the 
Exchange Act), and (ii) except pursuant hereto and the Pledge Agreement, 
there are no options, warrants or other rights, agreements, arrangements or 
commitments of any character to which Parent is a party relating to the 
pledge, disposition or voting of any of the Original Shares and there are 
no voting trusts or voting agreements with respect to the Original Shares.


(b)    Subject to the Pledge Agreement, Parent has, and will have at the 
time of the Company Stockholders Meeting with respect to the matters 
covered by Section 3(a), the sole right to vote and direct the vote of, and 
to dispose of and direct the disposition of, the Original Shares, and none 
of the Original Shares is subject to any agreement, arrangement or 
restriction with respect to the Original Shares that would prevent or delay 
Parent’s ability to perform its obligations hereunder. Other than the 
Pledge Agreement, there are no agreements or arrangements of any kind, 
contingent or otherwise, obligating Parent to Transfer (as defined in 
Section 5) or cause to be Transferred, any of the Original Shares, and no 
Person has any contractual or other right or obligation to purchase or 
otherwise acquire any of the Original Shares.

(c)    Parent does not beneficially own any shares of Company Common Stock 
other than the Original Shares.

(d)    Subject to the Pledge Agreement, Parent has full power and authority 
and legal capacity to enter into, execute and deliver this Agreement and to 
perform fully Parent’s obligations hereunder (including the irrevocable 
proxy described in Section 3(b)). This Agreement has been duly and validly 
executed and delivered by Parent and constitutes the legal, valid and 
binding obligation of Parent, enforceable against Parent in accordance with 
its terms.

(e)    Subject to obtaining any consents required under the Pledge 
Agreement, none of the execution and delivery of this Agreement by Parent, 
the consummation by Parent of the transactions contemplated hereby or 
compliance by Parent with any of the provisions hereof will conflict with 
or result in a breach, or constitute a default (with or without notice of 
lapse of time or both) under any provision of, any trust agreement, loan or 
credit agreement, note, bond, mortgage, indenture, lease or other 
agreement, instrument or Law applicable to Parent or to Parent’s property 
or assets. There is no (i) action, proceeding or investigation pending or 
threatened against Parent or any of its Affiliates; or (ii) outstanding 
writ, injunction, order, judgment or decree of any Governmental Authority 
to which Parent or any of its Affiliates are subject or bound, in each 
case, that could prevent, materially delay, hinder or impair the exercise 
by the Company of its rights under this Agreement or the performance by 
Parent of its obligations under this Agreement.

(f)    Except as provided in the Pledge Agreement and the transactions 
contemplated thereby, Stockholder has not taken any action that would or 
would reasonably be expected to (i) constitute or result in a breach 
hereof; (ii) make any representation or warranty of Stockholder set forth 
in this Section 2 untrue or incorrect; or (iii) have the effect


2


------------------------------------------------------------------------


of preventing or disabling Stockholder from performing any of its 
obligations under this Agreement.

3.    Agreement to Vote Shares; Irrevocable Proxy.

(a)    Subject to obtaining any consent required under the Pledge 
Agreement, Parent agrees during the term of this Agreement to vote the 
Shares at the Company Stockholders Meeting in favor of (1) the Mergers and 
the Merger Agreement and any other transactions or matters contemplated by 
the Merger Agreement, (2) any proposal to adjourn or postpone the Company 
Stockholders Meeting to a later date if there are not sufficient votes to 
adopt the Merger Agreement or if there are not sufficient shares present in 
person or by proxy at such meeting to constitute a quorum.

(b)    Subject to obtaining any required consent pursuant to the Pledge 
Agreement, Parent hereby appoints the Company and any designee of the 
Company, and each of them individually, its proxies and attorneys-in-fact, 
with full power of substitution and resubstitution, to vote during the term 
of this Agreement with respect to the Shares in accordance with Section 
3(a). This proxy and power of attorney is given to secure the performance 
of the obligations and duties of Parent under this Agreement. Parent shall 
take such further action or execute such other instruments as may be 
necessary to effectuate the intent of this Agreement, including without 
limitation this proxy. This proxy and power of attorney granted by Parent 
are irrevocable during the term of this Agreement, shall be and shall be 
deemed to be coupled with an interest sufficient in law to support an 
irrevocable proxy and shall revoke any and all prior proxies granted by 
Parent with respect to the Shares. The power of attorney granted by Parent 
herein is a durable power of attorney and shall survive the dissolution or 
bankruptcy of Parent. The proxy and power of attorney granted hereunder 
shall terminate upon the termination of this Agreement. The Company may 
terminate this proxy with respect to Parent at any time at its sole 
election by written notice provided to Parent. The Parties acknowledge and 
agree that neither the Company, nor any of its Affiliates or any designees 
of the Company, shall owe any duty (fiduciary or otherwise), or incur any 
liability of any kind to Parent or any of its Affiliates, in connection 
with or as a result of the exercise of the powers granted to Parent by this 
Section 3(b).

4.    No Voting Trusts or Other Arrangement.

Parent agrees that Parent will not, and will not permit any entity under 
Parent’s control to, deposit any of the Shares in a voting trust, grant any 
proxies with respect to the Shares or subject any of the Shares to any 
arrangement with respect to the voting of the Shares other than agreements 
entered into with the Company.

5.    Transfer and Encumbrance.

Subject to the Pledge Agreement, Parent agrees that during the term of this 
Agreement, Parent will not, directly or indirectly, (i) transfer, sell, 
offer, exchange, assign, pledge or otherwise dispose of or encumber (“
Transfer”) any of the Shares or enter into any contract, option or other 
agreement with respect to, or consent to, a Transfer of, any of the Shares 
or Parent’s voting or economic interest therein, (ii) grant any proxies or 
powers of



3


------------------------------------------------------------------------


attorney, or any other authorization or consent with respect to any or all 
of its Shares in respect of any matter addressed by this Agreement, (iii) 
deposit any of the Shares into a voting trust or enter into a voting 
agreement or arrangement with respect to any of the Shares or grant any 
proxy or power of attorney with respect thereto that is inconsistent with 
this Agreement, (iv) enter into any Contract with respect to the Transfer 
of any Shares, or (v) take any other action, that would restrict, limit or 
interfere with the performance of the Company’s obligations hereunder. 
Subject to the Collateral Agent exercising any rights or remedies under the 
Pledge Agreement, any attempted Transfer of Shares or any interest therein 
in violation of this Section 5 shall be null and void.


6.    Additional Shares.


Parent agrees that all shares of Company Common Stock that Parent 
purchases, acquires the right to vote or otherwise acquires beneficial 
ownership of (as defined in Rule 13d-3 of the Exchange Act) after the 
execution of this Agreement shall be subject to the terms of this Agreement 
and shall constitute Shares for all purposes of this Agreement.

7.    Termination.

This Agreement shall terminate upon the earliest to occur of (i) the 
Effective Time, (ii) a Company Change in Recommendation or a Parent Change 
in Recommendation made in accordance with Section 7.2(b) of the Merger 
Agreement and (iii) the date on which the Merger Agreement is terminated in 
accordance with its terms. Upon termination of this Agreement, no Party 
shall have any further obligations or liabilities under this Agreement; 
provided, however, that (a) nothing set forth in this Section 7 shall 
relieve any Party from liability for any breach of this Agreement occurring 
prior to the termination hereof; and (b) the provisions of Section 7, 
Section 10 and Section 11 shall survive any termination of this Agreement.

8.    Reserved.

9.    Entire Agreement.

This Agreement, together with the Merger Agreement, supersedes all prior 
agreements, written or oral, between the Parties with respect to the 
subject matter hereof and contains the entire agreement between the Parties 
with respect to the subject matter hereof. This Agreement may not be 
amended or supplemented, and no provisions hereof may be modified or 
waived, except by an instrument in writing signed by both of the Parties. 
No waiver of any provisions hereof by either Party shall be deemed a waiver 
of any other provisions hereof by such Party, nor shall any such waiver be 
deemed a continuing waiver of any provision hereof by such Party.

10.    Notices.

All notices, requests, claims, demands, and other communications hereunder 
shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been given (a) when 
delivered by hand (with written confirmation of receipt), (b) when received 
by the addressee if sent by a nationally recognized overnight courier 
(receipt requested), (c) on the date sent by facsimile or e-mail


4


------------------------------------------------------------------------


of a portable document format (“PDF”) document (with confirmation of 
transmission) if sent during normal business hours of the recipient, and on 
the next Business Day if sent after normal business hours of the recipient, 
or (d) on the third day after the date mailed, by certified or registered 
mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid. Such communications must 
be sent to the respective Parties at the following addresses (or at such 
other address for a Party as shall be specified in a notice given in 
accordance with this Section 10):

      If to Parent, to:

      Mark Cox, EVP
      Delek US Holdings, Inc.
      7102 Commerce Way
      Brentwood, TN 37027


      with a copy (which shall not constitute notice) at the same physical
      address to: 
       
      General Counsel 
      Amber.Ervin@DelekUS.com 

      and a copy (which shall not constitute notice) to: 
       
      Daniel L. Mark, Esq.
      Norton Rose Fulbright US LLP 
      1301 McKinney
      Houston, TX 77010-3095

If to Company, to:

      James Ranspot
      Alon USA Energy, Inc.
      12700 Park Central Dr., Suite 1600
      Dallas, TX 75251

      and with a copy (which shall not constitute notice) to:

      Gillian A. Hobson, Esq.
      Vinson & Elkins LLP
      1001 Fannin Street, Suite 2500
      Houston, TX 77002

      and 

      David Wiessman 
      Chairman of the Special Committee of the Board of Directors
      Alon USA Energy, Inc.
      12700 Park Central Dr., Suite 1600
      Dallas, TX 75251



5


------------------------------------------------------------------------



      and with a copy (which shall not constitute notice) to:


      Jay Tabor
      Gibson Dunn & Crutcher LLP
      2100 McKinney Avenue, Suite 1100
      Dallas, TX 7520



11.    Miscellaneous.

(a)    This Agreement shall be governed by, and interpreted in accordance 
with, the Laws of the State of Delaware (except to the extent that 
mandatory provisions of federal law govern), without giving effect to any 
choice or conflict of law provision or rule (whether of the State of 
Delaware or any other jurisdiction) that would cause the application of 
Laws of any jurisdiction other than those of the State of Delaware.

(b)    Each of the Parties agrees that to the fullest extent permitted by 
Law, any Legal Proceeding seeking to enforce any provision of, or based on 
any matter arising out of or in connection with, this Agreement or the 
Merger Transactions shall be brought in the Delaware Court of Chancery (or, 
if such court does not have jurisdiction, the Complex Commercial Litigation 
Division of the Delaware Superior Court, or, if such division does not have 
jurisdiction or the Legal Proceeding is not assigned to such division, the 
Delaware Superior Court, or, if such other court does not have 
jurisdiction, the United States District Court for the District of 
Delaware), and each of the Parties hereby irrevocably consents to the 
jurisdiction of such courts (and of the appropriate appellate courts 
therefrom) in any such Legal Proceeding and irrevocably waives, to the 
fullest extent permitted by Law, any objection that it may now or hereafter 
have to the laying of the venue of any such Legal Proceeding in any such 
court or that any such Legal Proceeding brought in such court has been 
brought in an inconvenient forum, or that this Agreement, or the subject 
matter hereof, may not be enforced in or by such court. Process in any such 
Legal Proceeding may be served on any Party anywhere in the world, whether 
within or without the jurisdiction of any such court. Without limiting the 
foregoing, each Party agrees that to the fullest extent permitted by law, 
service of process on such Party as provided in Section 10 shall be deemed 
effective service of process on such Party for matters between the Parties.

(c)    EACH OF THE PARTIES HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ANY AND ALL RIGHT 
(WHETHER AS PLAINTIFF, DEFENDANT OR OTHERWISE) TO TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY 
LEGAL PROCEEDING BETWEEN THE PARTIES ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO THIS 
AGREEMENT OR THE MERGER TRANSACTIONS. THE PARTIES AGREE THAT ANY OF THEM 
MAY FILE A COPY OF THIS PARAGRAPH WITH ANY COURT AS WRITTEN EVIDENCE OF THE 
KNOWING, VOLUNTARY AND BARGAINED-FOR AGREEMENT AMONG THE PARTIES 
IRREVOCABLY TO WAIVE THEIR RESPECTIVE RIGHTS TO TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL 
PROCEEDING WHATSOEVER BETWEEN OR AMONG THEM RELATING TO THIS


6


------------------------------------------------------------------------


AGREEMENT OR THE MERGER TRANSACTIONS, AS APPLICABLE, AND THAT SUCH LEGAL 
PROCEEDING WILL INSTEAD BE TRIED IN A COURT OF COMPETENT JURISDICTION BY A 
JUDGE SITTING WITHOUT A JURY.

(d)    If any term or other provision of this Agreement is invalid, illegal 
or incapable of being enforced by any rule of law or public policy, all 
other conditions and provisions of this Agreement shall nevertheless remain 
in full force and effect. Upon such determination that any term or 
provision is invalid, illegal or incapable of being enforced, the Parties 
shall negotiate in good faith to modify this Agreement so as to effect the 
original intent of the Parties as closely as possible to the fullest extent 
permitted by applicable Law in an acceptable manner to the end that the 
Merger Transactions are fulfilled to the fullest extent possible.

(e)    This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, each 
of which shall be an original, and all of which, when taken together, shall 
constitute one Agreement. Delivery of an executed signature page of this 
Agreement by facsimile or other customary means of electronic transmission 
(e.g., PDF) shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed 
counterpart hereof.

(f)    Each Party shall execute and deliver such additional documents and 
instruments and take such further actions as may be necessary or desirable 
to effect the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

(g)    The Parties have participated jointly in the negotiation and 
drafting of this Agreement with the assistance of counsel and other 
advisors and, in the event an ambiguity or question of intent or 
interpretation arises, this Agreement shall be construed as jointly drafted 
by the Parties and no presumption or burden of proof shall arise favoring 
or disfavoring any Party by virtue of the authorship of any provision of 
this Agreement or interim drafts of this Agreement.

(h)    The obligations of Parent set forth in this Agreement shall not be 
effective or binding upon Parent until after such time as the Merger 
Agreement is executed and delivered by the Company, Parent and, HoldCo, 
Parent Merger Sub, Astro Merger Sub and the Parties agree that there is not 
and has not been any other agreement, arrangement or understanding between 
the Parties with respect to the matters set forth herein.

(i)    No Party may assign any of its rights or obligations under this 
Agreement without the prior written consent of the other Party. Any 
assignment contrary to the provisions of this Section 11(i) shall be null 
and void.




[SIGNATURE PAGE FOLLOWS]


7


------------------------------------------------------------------------


IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties have executed and delivered this Agreement 
as of the date first written above.



 
DELEK US HOLDINGS, INC.
 
By:
/s/ Assaf Ginzburg
 
Name:
Assaf Ginzburg
 
Title:
EVP & CFO
 
By:
/s/ Frederec Green
 
Name:
Frederec Green
 
Title:
EVP & COO



 
ALON USA ENERGY, INC.
 
By:
/s/ James Ranspot
 
Name:
James Ranspot
 
Title:
SVP, GC & Secretary





[Signature page to Delek Voting, Irrevocable Proxy and Support Agreement]