 EX-10.3 4 ex10-3.htm
 
 
 
PERSONAL GUARANTY
 
BY
 
TIMOTHY S. KRIEGER
 
TO
 
ASPIRITY FINANCIAL, LLC
 
Dated: February 7th 2017
 
 
 
 
                                This instrument was drafted by:
                                 
                                WINTHROP & WEINSTINE, P.A.
                                Suite 3500
                                225 South Sixth Street
                                Minneapolis, MN 55402
 
 

 
 
PERSONAL GUARANTY
 
In consideration of and in order to induce ASPIRITY FINANCIAL, LLC (the 
“Lender”), to extend financial accommodations to KRIEGER ENTERPRISES, LLC 
(the “Borrower”), pursuant to that certain Loan Agreement of even date 
herewith by and between the Lender and the Borrower (the “Loan Agreement”) 
and as evidenced by that certain Promissory Note of even date herewith 
executed by the Borrower in the original principal amount of $1,000,000.00 
and payable to the order of the Lender (the “Note”), the undersigned (the 
“Guarantor”) hereby:
 
1. Unconditionally and absolutely guarantees to the Lender:
 
    (a) the full and prompt payment, when due, whether at the maturity
    dates specified therein or theretofore upon acceleration of maturity
    pursuant to the provisions thereof, of principal, accrued interest,
    prepayment premiums and late charges, if any, on the Note, and any and
    all renewals thereof including notes taken in substitution therefor;
    and
 
    (b) any and all other liability or indebtedness of the Borrower to the
    Lender pursuant to the Note whether now existing or hereafter arising,
    joint or joint and several, contingent or direct; and
     
    (c) the payment and performance by the Borrower of all of its
    obligations under and pursuant to the Note, the Loan Agreement and any
    and all documents related thereto;
 
(the Note, the Loan Agreement and such other liability, indebtedness and 
obligations are herein collectively referred to as the “Obligations”); 
together with the full and prompt payment of any and all costs and expenses 
of and incidental to the collection of the Obligations or the enforcement 
of this Guaranty, including, without limitation, attorneys’ fees.
 
2. Agrees that if the Borrower fails to pay any installment of principal or 
interest under the Note, when due, the Lender may demand payment from the 
Guarantor of such installment (or portion thereof) of principal or interest 
on the Note, when due, and the Guarantor shall immediately pay the same to 
the Lender, and the Lender may demand payment or performance of any or all 
of the other Obligations, when such payment or performance is due or 
required, and the Guarantor shall immediately pay or perform the same, 
whether or not the Lender has (i) declared an Event of Default (as defined 
in the Loan Agreement), or (ii) accelerated payment of the Note, or (iii) 
otherwise exercised its rights and remedies hereunder or under the Note, 
the documents related thereto or applicable law.
 
3. Waives (i) presentment, demand, notice of nonpayment, protest and notice 
of protest and dishonor on the Obligations; (ii) notice of acceptance of 
this Guaranty by the Lender; and (iii) notice of the creation or incurrence 
of the Obligations by the Borrower.
 
4. Agrees that the Lender may from time to time, without notice to the 
Guarantor, which notice is hereby waived by the Guarantor, extend, modify, 
renew or compromise the Obligations, in whole or in part, without 
releasing, extinguishing or affecting in any manner whatsoever the 
liability of the Guarantor hereunder, the foregoing acts being hereby 
consented to by the Guarantor.
 
 

 
 
5. Agrees that the Lender shall not be required to first resort for payment 
to the Borrower or any other person, corporation or entity, or their 
properties or estates, or any other right or remedy whatsoever, prior to 
enforcing this Guaranty.
 
6. Agrees that this Guaranty shall be construed as a continuing, absolute, 
and unconditional guaranty without regard to (i) the validity, regularity 
or enforceability of the Obligations or the disaffirmance thereof in any 
insolvency or bankruptcy proceeding relating to the Borrower, or (ii) any 
event or any conduct or action of the Borrower or the Lender or any other 
party which might otherwise constitute a legal or equitable discharge of a 
surety or guarantor but for this provision.
 
7. Agrees that this Guaranty shall remain in full force and effect and be 
binding upon the Guarantor until the Obligations are paid in full.
 
8. Agrees that the Lender is expressly authorized to forward or deliver any 
or all collateral and security which may at any time be placed with it by 
the Borrower, the Guarantor or any other person, directly to the Borrower 
for collection and remittance or for credit, or to collect the same in any 
other manner and to renew, extend, compromise, exchange, release, surrender 
or modify the installments of, any or all of such collateral and security 
with or without consideration and without notice to the Guarantor and 
without in any manner affecting the absolute liability of the Guarantor 
hereunder; and that the liability of the Guarantor hereunder shall not be 
affected or impaired by any failure, neglect or omission on the part of the 
Lender to realize upon the Obligations, or upon any collateral or security 
therefor, nor by the taking by the Lender of any other guaranty or 
guaranties to secure the Obligations or any other indebtedness of the 
Borrower to the Lender, nor by the taking by the Lender of collateral or 
security of any kind nor by any act or failure to act whatsoever which, but 
for this provision, might or could in law or in equity act to release or 
reduce the Guarantor’s liability hereunder.
 
9. Waives any right that the Guarantor may have to collect or seek to 
collect from the Borrower the claim, if any, by subrogation or otherwise, 
acquired by the Guarantor through payment of any part or all of the 
Obligations until the Obligations have been paid in full.
 
10. Agrees that the liability of the Guarantor hereunder shall not be 
affected or impaired by the existence or creation from time to time, with 
or without notice to the Guarantor, which notice is hereby waived, of 
indebtedness from the Borrower to the Lender in addition to the 
indebtedness evidenced by the Note; the creation or existence of such 
additional indebtedness being hereby consented to by the Guarantor.
 
11. Agrees that the possession of this instrument of guaranty by the Lender 
shall be conclusive evidence of due execution and delivery hereof by the 
Guarantor.
 
12. Agrees that this Guaranty shall be binding upon the legal 
representatives, successors and assigns of the Guarantor, and shall inure 
to the benefit of the Lender and its successors, assigns and legal 
representatives; that notwithstanding the foregoing, the Guarantor shall 
have no right to assign or otherwise transfer his rights and obligations 
under this Guaranty to any third party without the prior written consent of 
the Lender; and that any such assignment or transfer shall not release or 
affect the liability of the Guarantor hereunder in any manner whatsoever.
 
  	- 2 - 	 

 
 
13. Agrees that he may be joined in any action or proceeding commenced 
against the Borrower in connection with or based upon the Obligations and 
recovery may be had against him in any such action or proceeding or in any 
independent action or proceeding against him should the Borrower fail to 
duly and punctually pay any of the principal of or interest on the 
Obligations without any requirement that the Lender first assert, prosecute 
or exhaust any remedy or claim against the Borrower.
 
14. Agrees that upon the occurrence at any time of an Event of Default (as 
defined in the Loan Agreement), the Lender shall have the right to set off 
any and all amounts due hereunder by the Guarantor to the Lender against 
any indebtedness or obligation of the Lender to the Guarantor.
 
15. Agrees that the Guarantor shall be liable to the Lender for any 
deficiency remaining after foreclosure of any mortgage in real estate or 
any security interest in personal property granted by the Borrower, the 
Guarantor or any third party to the Lender to secure repayment of the 
Obligations and the subsequent sale by the Lender of the property subject 
thereto to a third party (whether at a foreclosure sale or at a sale 
thereafter by the Lender in the event the Lender purchases said property at 
the foreclosure sale) notwithstanding any provision of applicable law which 
may prevent the Lender from obtaining a deficiency judgment against, or 
otherwise collecting a deficiency from, the Borrower.
 
16. Agrees that this Guaranty shall be deemed a contract made under and 
pursuant to the laws of the State of Minnesota and shall be governed by and 
construed under the laws of such state without giving effect to the choice 
of law provisions thereof; and that, wherever possible, each provision of 
this Guaranty shall be interpreted in such manner as to be effective and 
valid under applicable law, but if any provision of this Guaranty shall be 
prohibited by or invalid under applicable law, such provision shall be 
ineffective only to the extent of such prohibition or invalidity without 
invalidating the remainder of such provision or the remaining provisions of 
the Guaranty.
 
17. Agrees that no failure on the part of the Lender to exercise, and no 
delay in exercising, any right or remedy hereunder shall operate as or 
constitute a waiver thereof; nor shall any single or partial exercise of 
any right or remedy hereunder preclude any other or further exercise 
thereof or the exercise of any other right or remedy granted hereby or by 
any related document or by law.
 
18. Waives any and all claims against the Lender and defenses to 
performance and payment hereunder relating in any way, directly or 
indirectly, to the performance of the Lender’s obligations or exercise of 
any of its rights under the Note and the documents related thereto.
 
19. Warrants and represents to the Lender as follows:
     
    (a) Enforceability. This Guaranty constitutes the legal, valid and
    binding obligation of the Guarantor enforceable in accordance with its
    terms (subject, as to enforceability, to limitations resulting from
    bankruptcy, insolvency or other similar laws affecting creditors’
    rights generally).
     
  	- 3 - 	 

 
 
    (b) Litigation. There is no action, suit or proceeding pending or, to
    the knowledge of the Guarantor, threatened against or affecting the
    Guarantor which, if adversely determined, would have a material adverse
    effect on the condition (financial or otherwise), properties or assets
    of the Guarantor, or which would question the validity of this Guaranty
    or any instrument, document or other agreement related hereto or
    required hereby, or impair the ability of the Guarantor to perform his
    obligations hereunder or thereunder.
     
    (c) Default. The Guarantor is not in default of a material provision
    under any agreement, instrument, decree or order to which he is a party
    or by which he or his property is bound or affected.
     
    (d) Consents. To the Guarantor’s knowledge, no consent, approval, order
    or authorization of, or registration, declaration or filing with, or
    notice to, any governmental authority or any third party is required in
    connection with the execution and delivery of this Guaranty or any of
    the agreements or instruments herein mentioned to which the Guarantor
    is a party or the carrying out or performance of any of the
    transactions required or contemplated hereby or thereby or, if
    required, such consent, approval, order or authorization has been
    obtained or such registration, declaration or filing has been
    accomplished or such notice has been given prior to the date hereof.
     
    (e) Taxes. The Guarantor has filed all tax returns required to be filed
    and has paid all taxes shown thereon to be due, including interest and
    penalties, which are not being contested in good faith and by
    appropriate proceedings and has no information or knowledge of any
    objections to or claims for additional taxes in respect of federal
    income or excess profits tax returns for prior years.
     
    (f) Financial Condition. The financial statements of the Guarantor
    furnished to the Lender are complete and correct in all respects and
    fairly present the financial condition of the Guarantor at the dates of
    such statements. Since the most recent set of financial statements
    delivered by the Guarantor to the Lender, there have been no material
    adverse changes in the financial condition of the Guarantor.
     
    (g) Residence, Etc. The Guarantor is an individual person who is a
    citizen of the United States of America and a citizen and resident of
    the State of Minnesota who is under no legal disability.
 
20. Agrees that the liability of the Guarantor and any other guarantor of 
the Obligations shall be joint and several.
 
21. Agrees to deliver to the Lender the financial information and 
documentation required under the Loan Agreement for the Guarantor.
 
22. Agrees that (i) he will indirectly benefit by and from the making of 
the loan by the Lender to the Borrower evidenced by the Note; (ii) he has 
received legal and adequate consideration for the execution of this 
Guaranty and has executed and delivered this Guaranty to the Lender in good 
faith in exchange for reasonably equivalent value; (iii) he is not 
presently insolvent and will not be rendered insolvent by virtue of the 
execution and delivery of this Guaranty; (iv) he has not executed or 
delivered this Guaranty with actual intent to hinder, delay or defraud his 
creditors; and (v) the Lender has agreed to make such loan in reliance upon 
this Guaranty.
 
  	- 4 - 	 

 
 
23. Agrees that if, at any time, all or any part of any payment previously 
applied by the Lender to any of the Obligations must be returned by the 
Lender for any reason, whether by court order, administrative order or 
settlement, the Guarantor shall remain liable for the full amount returned 
as if said amount had never been received by the Lender, notwithstanding 
any term of this Guaranty or the cancellation or return of any note or 
other agreement evidencing the Obligations.
 
24. Irrevocably submits to the jurisdiction of any Minnesota a state court 
or federal court over any action or proceeding arising out of or relating 
to this Guaranty, the Note, the Loan Agreement, and any instrument, 
agreement or document related thereto (collectively, the “Loan Documents”); 
agrees that all claims in respect of such action or proceeding may be heard 
and determined in such Minnesota state or federal court; irrevocably 
waives, to the fullest extent he may effectively do so, the defense of an 
inconvenient forum to the maintenance of such action or proceeding; 
irrevocably consents to the service of copies of the summons and complaint 
and any other process which may be served in any such action or proceeding 
by the mailing by United States certified mail, return receipt requested, 
of copies of such process to the Guarantor’s last known address; and agrees 
that judgment final by appeal, or expiration of time to appeal without an 
appeal being taken, in any such action or proceeding shall be conclusive 
and may be enforced in any other jurisdictions by suit on the judgment or 
in any other manner provided by law; provided that nothing in this 
paragraph shall affect the right of the Lender to serve legal process in 
any other manner permitted by law or affect the right of Lender to bring 
any action or proceeding against either Guarantor or his property in the 
courts of any other jurisdiction to the extent permitted by law.
 
25. WAIVES ANY RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING BASED ON 
OR PERTAINING TO THIS GUARANTY OR THE OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS.
 
Dated as of this 7th day of February, 2017.
 
  	/S/ Timothy S. Krieger
  	TIMOTHY S. KRIEGER
 
  	- 5 - 	 

 
 
 