 EX-10.5 11 filename11.htm
Exhibit 10.5
 
FORM OF INDEMNITY AGREEMENT
 
THIS INDEMNITY AGREEMENT (this “Agreement”) is made as of ________, 
201[__], by and between FINTECH ACQUISITION CORP. II, a Delaware 
corporation (the “Company”), and the person executing this Agreement 
identified on the signature page hereto (“Indemnitee”).
 
RECITALS
 
WHEREAS, highly competent persons have become more reluctant to serve 
publicly-held corporations as directors, officers or in other capacities 
unless they are provided with adequate protection through insurance or 
adequate indemnification against inordinate risks of claims and actions 
against them arising out of their service to and activities on behalf of 
such corporations;
 
WHEREAS, the Board of Directors of the Company (the “Board”) has determined 
that, in order to attract and retain qualified individuals, the Company 
will attempt to maintain on an ongoing basis, at its sole expense, 
liability insurance to protect persons serving the Company and its 
subsidiaries from certain liabilities;
 
WHEREAS, the Company believes that, given current market conditions and 
trends, such liability insurance may be available to it in the future only 
at high premiums and with more exclusions;
 
WHEREAS, directors, officers and other persons in service to corporations 
or business enterprises are being increasingly subjected to expensive and 
time-consuming litigation relating to, among other things, matters that 
traditionally would have been brought only against the Company or business 
enterprise itself;
 
WHEREAS, the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (the “
Charter”) and Amended and Restated Bylaws (the “Bylaws”) of the Company 
require indemnification of the officers and directors of the Company. 
Indemnitee may also be entitled to indemnification pursuant to applicable 
provisions of the Delaware General Corporation Law (“DGCL”). The Charter, 
Bylaws and the DGCL expressly provide that the indemnification provisions 
set forth therein are not exclusive, and thereby contemplate that contracts 
may be entered into between the Company and members of the board of 
directors, officers and other persons with respect to indemnification, hold 
harmless, exoneration, advancement and reimbursement rights;
 
WHEREAS, the uncertainties relating to such insurance and to 
indemnification have increased the difficulty of attracting and retaining 
such persons;
 
WHEREAS, the Board has determined that the increased difficulty in 
attracting and retaining such persons is detrimental to the best interests 
of the Company’s stockholders and that the Company should act to assure 
such persons that there will be increased certainty of such protection in 
the future;
 

  	1 	 

 

 
WHEREAS, it is reasonable, prudent and necessary for the Company 
contractually to obligate itself to indemnify, hold harmless, exonerate and 
to advance expenses on behalf of, such persons to the fullest extent 
permitted by applicable law so that they will serve or continue to serve 
the Company free from undue concern that they will not be so protected 
against liabilities;
 
WHEREAS, this Agreement is a supplement to and in furtherance of the 
Charter and Bylaws of the Company and any resolutions adopted pursuant 
thereto, and shall not be deemed a substitute therefor, nor to diminish or 
abrogate any rights of Indemnitee thereunder; and
 
WHEREAS, Indemnitee is willing to serve, continue to serve and to take on 
additional service for or on behalf of the Company on the condition that 
the Company contractually provide the indemnification set forth in this 
Agreement.
  
NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and the covenants 
contained herein and subject to the provisions of the letter agreement 
dated as of [__________], 2016 between the Company and the Indemnitee, the 
Company and Indemnitee do hereby covenant and agree as follows:
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS
 
1. SERVICES TO THE COMPANY. Indemnitee will serve or continue to serve as 
an officer, director, advisor, key employee or in any other capacity of the 
Company, as applicable, for so long as Indemnitee is duly elected, 
appointed or retained or until Indemnitee tenders his resignation.
 
2. DEFINITIONS. As used in this Agreement:
     
2.1. References to “agent” shall mean any person who is or was a director, 
officer or employee of the Company or a subsidiary of the Company or other 
person authorized by the Company to act for the Company, to include such 
person serving in such capacity as a director, officer, employee, advisor, 
fiduciary or other official of another corporation, partnership, limited 
liability company, joint venture, trust or other enterprise at the request 
of, for the convenience of, or to represent the interests of the Company or 
a subsidiary of the Company.
     
2.2. The terms “Beneficial Owner” and “Beneficial Ownership” shall have the 
meanings set forth in Rule 13d-3 promulgated under the Exchange Act (as 
defined below) as in effect on the date hereof.
     
2.3. A “Change in Control” shall be deemed to occur upon the earliest to 
occur after the date of this Agreement of any of the following events:
     
2.3.1. Acquisition of Stock by Third Party. Any Person (as defined below) 
is or becomes the Beneficial Owner, directly or indirectly, of securities 
of the Company representing fifteen percent (15%) or more of the Company’s 
then outstanding securities entitled to vote generally in the election of 
directors, unless (1) the change in the relative Beneficial Ownership of 
the Company’s securities by any Person results solely from a reduction in 
the aggregate number of outstanding shares of securities entitled to vote 
generally in the election of directors, or (2) such acquisition was 
approved in advance by the Continuing Directors (as defined below) and such 
acquisition would not constitute a Change in Control under part 2.3.3 of 
this definition;
     

  	2 	 

 

     
2.3.2. Change in Board of Directors. Individuals who, as of the date 
hereof, constitute the Board, and any new director whose election by the 
Board or nomination for election by the Company’s stockholders was approved 
by a vote of at least two thirds of the directors then still in office who 
were directors on the date hereof or whose election for nomination for 
election was previously so approved (collectively, the “Continuing 
Directors”), cease for any reason to constitute at least a majority of the 
members of the Board;
        
2.3.3. Corporate Transactions. The effective date of a merger, capital 
stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization or 
similar business combination, involving the Company and one or more 
businesses (a “Business Combination”), in each case, unless, following such 
Business Combination: (1) all or substantially all of the individuals and 
entities who were the Beneficial Owners of securities entitled to vote 
generally in the election of directors immediately prior to such Business 
Combination beneficially own, directly or indirectly, 51% or more of the 
then outstanding securities of the Company entitled to vote generally in 
the election of directors resulting from such Business Combination 
(including, without limitation, a corporation which as a result of such 
transaction owns the Company or all or substantially all of the Company’s 
assets either directly or through one or more Subsidiaries) in 
substantially the same proportions as their ownership immediately prior to 
such Business Combination, of the securities entitled to vote generally in 
the election of directors; (2) no Person (excluding any corporation 
resulting from such Business Combination) is the Beneficial Owner, directly 
or indirectly, of 15% or more of the then outstanding securities entitled 
to vote generally in the election of directors of the surviving corporation 
except to the extent that such ownership existed prior to the Business 
Combination; and (3) at least a majority of the Board of Directors of the 
corporation resulting from such Business Combination were Continuing 
Directors at the time of the execution of the initial agreement, or of the 
action of the Board of Directors, providing for such Business Combination;
        
2.3.4. Liquidation. The approval by the stockholders of the Company of a 
complete liquidation of the Company or an agreement or series of agreements 
for the sale or disposition by the Company of all or substantially all of 
the Company’s assets, other than factoring the Company’s current 
receivables or escrows due (or, if such approval is not required, the 
decision by the Board to proceed with such a liquidation, sale, or 
disposition in one transaction or a series of related transactions); or
     
2.3.5. Other Events. There occurs any other event of a nature that would be 
required to be reported in response to Item 6(e) of Schedule 14A of 
Regulation 14A (or a response to any similar item on any similar schedule 
or form) promulgated under the Exchange Act (as defined below), whether or 
not the Company is then subject to such reporting requirement.
 

  	3 	 

 

 
2.4. “Corporate Status” describes the status of a person who is or was a 
director, officer, trustee, general partner, managing member, fiduciary, 
employee or agent of the Company or of any other Enterprise (as defined 
below) which such person is or was serving at the request of the Company.
     
2.5. “Delaware Court” shall mean the Court of Chancery of the State of 
Delaware.
     
2.6. “Disinterested Director” shall mean a director of the Company who is 
not and was not a party to the Proceeding (as defined below) in respect of 
which indemnification is sought by Indemnitee.
     
2.7. “Enterprise” shall mean the Company and any other corporation, 
constituent corporation (including any constituent of a constituent) 
absorbed in a consolidation or merger to which the Company (or any of its 
wholly owned subsidiaries) is a party, limited liability company, 
partnership, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or other 
enterprise of which Indemnitee is or was serving at the request of the 
Company as a director, officer, trustee, general partner, managing member, 
fiduciary, employee or agent.
     
2.8. “Exchange Act” shall mean the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as 
amended.
     
2.9. “Expenses” shall include all direct and indirect costs, fees and 
expenses of any type or nature whatsoever, including, without limitation, 
all attorneys’ fees and costs, retainers, court costs, transcript costs, 
fees of experts, witness fees, travel expenses, fees of private 
investigators and professional advisors, duplicating costs, printing and 
binding costs, telephone charges, postage, delivery service fees, fax 
transmission charges, secretarial services and all other disbursements, 
obligations or expenses in connection with prosecuting, defending, 
preparing to prosecute or defend, investigating, being or preparing to be a 
witness in, settlement or appeal of, or otherwise participating in, a 
Proceeding (as defined below), including reasonable compensation for time 
spent by the Indemnitee for which he or she is not otherwise compensated by 
the Company or any third party. Expenses also shall include Expenses 
incurred in connection with any appeal resulting from any Proceeding (as 
defined below), including without limitation the principal, premium, 
security for, and other costs relating to any cost bond, supersedeas bond, 
or other appeal bond or its equivalent. Expenses, however, shall not 
include amounts paid in settlement by Indemnitee or the amount of judgments 
or fines against Indemnitee.
     
2.10.  “Independent Counsel” shall mean a law firm or a member of a law 
firm with significant experience in matters of corporation law and which, 
at the time indemnification is sought by Indemnitee, neither is, nor in the 
preceding five years has been, retained to represent: (i) the Company or 
Indemnitee in any matter material to either such party (other than with 
respect to matters concerning the Indemnitee under this Agreement, or of 
other indemnitees under similar indemnification agreements); or (ii) any 
other party to the Proceeding (as defined below) giving rise to a claim for 
indemnification hereunder. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the term 
“Independent Counsel” shall not include any person who, under the 
applicable standards of professional conduct then prevailing, would have a 
conflict of interest in representing either the Company or Indemnitee in an 
action to determine Indemnitee’s rights under this Agreement.
     

  	4 	 

 

     
2.11. References to “fines” shall include any excise tax assessed on 
Indemnitee with respect to any employee benefit plan; references to “
serving at the request of the Company” shall include any service as a 
director, officer, employee, agent or fiduciary of the Company which 
imposes duties on, or involves services by, such director, officer, 
employee, agent or fiduciary with respect to an employee benefit plan, its 
participants or beneficiaries; and if Indemnitee acted in good faith and in 
a manner Indemnitee reasonably believed to be in the best interests of the 
participants and beneficiaries of an employee benefit plan, Indemnitee 
shall be deemed to have acted in a manner “not opposed to the best 
interests of the Company” as referred to in this Agreement.
     
2.12. The term “Person” shall have the meaning as set forth in Sections 
13(d) and 14(d) of the Exchange Act as in effect on the date hereof; 
provided, however, that “Person” shall exclude: (i) the Company; (ii) any 
Subsidiaries (as defined below) of the Company; (iii) any employment 
benefit plan of the Company or of a Subsidiary (as defined below) of the 
Company or of any corporation owned, directly or indirectly, by the 
stockholders of the Company in substantially the same proportions as their 
ownership of stock of the Company; and (iv) any trustee or other fiduciary 
holding securities under an employee benefit plan of the Company or of a 
Subsidiary (as defined below) of the Company or of a corporation owned 
directly or indirectly by the stockholders of the Company in substantially 
the same proportions as their ownership of stock of the Company.
     
2.13. The term “Proceeding” shall include any threatened, pending or 
completed action, suit, arbitration, mediation, alternate dispute 
resolution mechanism, investigation, inquiry, administrative hearing or any 
other actual, threatened or completed proceeding, whether brought in the 
right of the Company or otherwise and whether of a civil (including 
intentional or unintentional tort claims), criminal, administrative, or 
investigative or related nature, in which Indemnitee was, is, will or might 
be involved as a party or otherwise by reason of the fact that Indemnitee 
is or was a director or officer of the Company, by reason of any action (or 
failure to act) taken by him or of any action (or failure to act) on his 
part while acting as a director or officer of the Company, or by reason of 
the fact that he is or was serving at the request of the Company as a 
director, officer, trustee, general partner, managing member, fiduciary, 
employee or agent of any other Enterprise, in each case whether or not 
serving in such capacity at the time any liability or expense is incurred 
for which indemnification, reimbursement, or advancement of expenses can be 
provided under this Agreement.
     
2.14. The term “Subsidiary,” with respect to any Person, shall mean any 
corporation or other entity of which a majority of the voting power of the 
voting equity securities or equity interest is owned, directly or 
indirectly, by that Person.
 
3. INDEMNITY IN THIRD-PARTY PROCEEDINGS.
 
To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, the Company shall 
indemnify, hold harmless and exonerate Indemnitee in accordance with the 
provisions of this Section 3 if Indemnitee was, is, or is threatened to be 
made, a party to or a participant (as a witness or otherwise) in any 
Proceeding, other than a Proceeding by or in the right of the Company to 
procure a judgment in its favor. Pursuant to this Section 3, Indemnitee 
shall be indemnified, held harmless and exonerated against all Expenses, 
judgments, liabilities, fines, penalties and amounts paid in settlement 
(including all interest, assessments and other charges paid or payable in 
connection with or in respect of such Expenses, judgments, fines, penalties 
and amounts paid in settlement) actually and reasonably incurred by 
Indemnitee or on his behalf in connection with such Proceeding or any 
claim, issue or matter therein, if Indemnitee acted in good faith and in a 
manner he reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests 
of the Company and, in the case of a criminal Proceeding, had no reasonable 
cause to believe that his conduct was unlawful.
 

  	5 	 

 

 
4. INDEMNITY IN PROCEEDINGS BY OR IN THE RIGHT OF THE COMPANY.
 
To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, the Company shall 
indemnify, hold harmless and exonerate Indemnitee in accordance with the 
provisions of this Section 4 if Indemnitee was, is, or is threatened to be 
made, a party to or a participant (as a witness or otherwise) in any 
Proceeding by or in the right of the Company to procure a judgment in its 
favor. Pursuant to this Section 4, Indemnitee shall be indemnified, held 
harmless and exonerated against all Expenses actually and reasonably 
incurred by him or on his behalf in connection with such Proceeding or any 
claim, issue or matter therein, if Indemnitee acted in good faith and in a 
manner he reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests 
of the Company. No indemnification, hold harmless or exoneration for 
Expenses shall be made under this Section 4 in respect of any claim, issue 
or matter as to which Indemnitee shall have been finally adjudged by a 
court to be liable to the Company, unless and only to the extent that any 
court in which the Proceeding was brought or the Delaware Court shall 
determine upon application that, despite the adjudication of liability but 
in view of all the circumstances of the case, Indemnitee is fairly and 
reasonably entitled to indemnification, to be held harmless or to 
exoneration.
 
5. INDEMNIFICATION FOR EXPENSES OF A PARTY WHO IS WHOLLY OR PARTLY 
SUCCESSFUL.
 
Notwithstanding any other provisions of this Agreement except for Section 
27, to the extent that Indemnitee is a party to (or a participant in) and 
is successful, on the merits or otherwise, in any Proceeding or in defense 
of any claim, issue or matter therein, in whole or in part, the Company 
shall, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, indemnify, hold 
harmless and exonerate Indemnitee against all Expenses actually and 
reasonably incurred by him in connection therewith. If Indemnitee is not 
wholly successful in such Proceeding but is successful, on the merits or 
otherwise, as to one or more but less than all claims, issues or matters in 
such Proceeding, the Company shall, to the fullest extent permitted by 
applicable law, indemnify, hold harmless and exonerate Indemnitee against 
all Expenses actually and reasonably incurred by him or on his behalf in 
connection with each successfully resolved claim, issue or matter. If the 
Indemnitee is not wholly successful in such Proceeding, the Company also 
shall, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, indemnify, hold 
harmless and exonerate Indemnitee against all Expenses reasonably incurred 
in connection with a claim, issue or matter related to any claim, issue, or 
matter on which the Indemnitee was successful. For purposes of this Section 
5 and without limitation, the termination of any claim, issue or matter in 
such a Proceeding by dismissal, with or without prejudice, shall be deemed 
to be a successful result as to such claim, issue or matter.
 

  	6 	 

 

 
6. INDEMNIFICATION FOR EXPENSES OF A WITNESS.
 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement except for Section 
27, to the extent that Indemnitee is, by reason of his Corporate Status, a 
witness in any Proceeding to which Indemnitee is not a party, he shall, to 
the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, be indemnified, held 
harmless and exonerated against all Expenses actually and reasonably 
incurred by him or on his behalf in connection therewith.
 
7. ADDITIONAL INDEMNIFICATION, HOLD HARMLESS AND EXONERATION RIGHTS.
 
7.1. Notwithstanding any limitation in Sections 3, 4, or 5, except for 
Section 27, the Company shall, to the fullest extent permitted by 
applicable law, indemnify, hold harmless and exonerate Indemnitee if 
Indemnitee is a party to or threatened to be made a party to any Proceeding 
(including a Proceeding by or in the right of the Company to procure a 
judgment in its favor) against all Expenses, judgments, fines, penalties 
and amounts paid in settlement (including all interest, assessments and 
other charges paid or payable in connection with or in respect of such 
Expenses, judgments, fines, penalties and amounts paid in settlement) 
actually and reasonably incurred by Indemnitee in connection with the 
Proceeding. No indemnification, hold harmless or exoneration rights shall 
be available under this Section 7.1 on account of Indemnitee’s conduct 
which constitutes a breach of Indemnitee’s duty of loyalty to the Company 
or its stockholders or is an act or omission not in good faith or which 
involves intentional misconduct or a knowing violation of the law.
     
7.2. Notwithstanding any limitation in Sections 3, 4, 5 or 7.1, except for 
Section 27, the Company shall, to the fullest extent permitted by 
applicable law, indemnify, hold harmless and exonerate Indemnitee if 
Indemnitee is a party to or threatened to be made a party to any Proceeding 
(including a Proceeding by or in the right of the Company to procure a 
judgment in its favor) against all Expenses, judgments, fines, penalties 
and amounts paid in settlement (including all interest, assessments and 
other charges paid or payable in connection with or in respect of such 
Expenses, judgments, fines, penalties and amounts paid in settlement) 
actually and reasonably incurred by Indemnitee in connection with the 
Proceeding.
 
8. CONTRIBUTION IN THE EVENT OF JOINT LIABILITY.
 
8.1. To the fullest extent permissible under applicable law, if the 
indemnification, hold harmless and/or exoneration rights provided for in 
this Agreement are unavailable to Indemnitee in whole or in part for any 
reason whatsoever, the Company, in lieu of indemnifying, holding harmless 
or exonerating Indemnitee, shall pay, in the first instance, the entire 
amount incurred by Indemnitee, whether for judgments, liabilities, fines, 
penalties, amounts paid or to be paid in settlement and/or for Expenses, in 
connection with any Proceeding without requiring Indemnitee to contribute 
to such payment, and the Company hereby waives and relinquishes any right 
of contribution it may have at any time against Indemnitee.
     
8.2. The Company shall not enter into any settlement of any Proceeding in 
which the Company is jointly liable with Indemnitee (or would be if joined 
in such Proceeding) unless such settlement provides for a full and final 
release of all claims asserted against Indemnitee.
     

  	7 	 

 

     
8.3. The Company hereby agrees to fully indemnify, hold harmless and 
exonerate Indemnitee from any claims for contribution which may be brought 
by officers, directors or employees of the Company other than Indemnitee 
who may be jointly liable with Indemnitee.
 
9. EXCLUSIONS.
 
Notwithstanding any provision in this Agreement except for Section 27, the 
Company shall not be obligated under this Agreement to make any 
indemnification, hold harmless or exoneration payment in connection with 
any claim made against Indemnitee: (a) for which payment has actually been 
received by or on behalf of Indemnitee under any insurance policy or other 
indemnity provision, except with respect to any excess beyond the amount 
actually received under any insurance policy, contract, agreement, other 
indemnity provision or otherwise; (b) for an accounting of profits made 
from the purchase and sale (or sale and purchase) by Indemnitee of 
securities of the Company within the meaning of Section 16(b) of the 
Exchange Act or similar provisions of state statutory law or common law; or 
(c) except as otherwise provided in Sections 14.5 and 14.6 hereof, prior to 
a Change in Control, in connection with any Proceeding (or any part of any 
Proceeding) initiated by Indemnitee, including any Proceeding (or any part 
of any Proceeding) initiated by Indemnitee against the Company or its 
directors, officers, employees or other indemnitees, unless (i) the Board 
authorized the Proceeding (or any part of any Proceeding) prior to its 
initiation or (ii) the Company provides the indemnification, hold harmless 
or exoneration payment, in its sole discretion, pursuant to the powers 
vested in the Company under applicable law.
 
10. ADVANCES OF EXPENSES; DEFENSE OF CLAIM.
 
10.1. Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement to the contrary 
except for Section 27, and to the fullest extent not prohibited by 
applicable law, the Company shall pay the Expenses incurred by Indemnitee 
(or reasonably expected by Indemnitee to be incurred by Indemnitee within 
three months) in connection with any Proceeding within ten (10) days after 
the receipt by the Company of a statement or statements requesting such 
advances from time to time, prior to the final disposition of any 
Proceeding. Advances shall be unsecured and interest free. Advances shall 
be made without regard to Indemnitee’s ability to repay the Expenses and 
without regard to Indemnitee’s ultimate entitlement to be indemnified, held 
harmless or exonerated under the other provisions of this Agreement. 
Advances shall include any and all reasonable Expenses incurred pursuing a 
Proceeding to enforce this right of advancement, including Expenses 
incurred preparing and forwarding statements to the Company to support the 
advances claimed. To the fullest extent required by applicable law, such 
payments of Expenses in advance of the final disposition of the Proceeding 
shall be made only upon the Company’s receipt of an undertaking, by or on 
behalf of the Indemnitee, to repay the advance to the extent that it is 
ultimately determined that Indemnitee is not entitled to be indemnified by 
the Company under the provisions of this Agreement, the Charter, the Bylaws 
of the Company, applicable law or otherwise. This Section 10.1 shall not 
apply to any claim made by Indemnitee for which an indemnification, hold 
harmless or exoneration payment is excluded pursuant to Section 9.
     
10.2. The Company will be entitled to participate in the Proceeding at its 
own expense.
     
10.3. The Company shall not settle any action, claim or proceeding (in 
whole or in part) which would impose any Expense, judgment, fine, penalty 
or limitation on the Indemnitee without the Indemnitee’s prior written 
consent.
  

  	8 	 

 

  
11. PROCEDURE FOR NOTIFICATION AND APPLICATION FOR INDEMNIFICATION.
 
11.1  Indemnitee agrees to notify promptly the Company in writing upon 
being served with any summons, citation, subpoena, complaint, indictment, 
information or other document relating to any Proceeding or matter which 
may be subject to indemnification, hold harmless or exoneration rights, or 
advancement of Expenses covered hereunder. The failure of Indemnitee to so 
notify the Company shall not relieve the Company of any obligation which it 
may have to the Indemnitee under this Agreement, or otherwise.
     
11.2  Indemnitee may deliver to the Company a written application to 
indemnify, hold harmless or exonerate Indemnitee in accordance with this 
Agreement. Such application(s) may be delivered from time to time and at 
such time(s) as Indemnitee deems appropriate in his or her sole discretion. 
Following such a written application for indemnification by Indemnitee, the 
Indemnitee’s entitlement to indemnification shall be determined according 
to Section 12.1 of this Agreement.
  
12. PROCEDURE UPON APPLICATION FOR INDEMNIFICATION.
 
12.1. A determination, if required by applicable law, with respect to 
Indemnitee’s entitlement to indemnification shall be made in the specific 
case by one of the following methods, which shall be at the election of 
Indemnitee: (i) by a majority vote of the Disinterested Directors, even 
though less than a quorum of the Board (ii) by Independent Counsel in a 
written opinion to the Board, a copy of which shall be delivered to 
Indemnitee; or (iii) by vote of the stockholders. The Company promptly will 
advise Indemnitee in writing with respect to any determination that 
Indemnitee is or is not entitled to indemnification, including a 
description of any reason or basis for which indemnification has been 
denied. If it is so determined that Indemnitee is entitled to 
indemnification, payment to Indemnitee shall be made within ten (10) days 
after such determination. Indemnitee shall reasonably cooperate with the 
person, persons or entity making such determination with respect to 
Indemnitee’s entitlement to indemnification, including providing to such 
person, persons or entity upon reasonable advance request any documentation 
or information which is not privileged or otherwise protected from 
disclosure and which is reasonably available to Indemnitee and reasonably 
necessary to such determination. Any costs or Expenses (including 
attorneys’ fees and disbursements) incurred by Indemnitee in so cooperating 
with the person, persons or entity making such determination shall be borne 
by the Company (irrespective of the determination as to Indemnitee’s 
entitlement to indemnification) and the Company hereby indemnifies and 
agrees to hold Indemnitee harmless therefrom.
     

  	9 	 

 

     
12.2. In the event the determination of entitlement to indemnification is 
to be made by Independent Counsel pursuant to Section 12.1 hereof, the 
Independent Counsel shall be selected as provided in this Section 12.2. The 
Independent Counsel shall be selected by Indemnitee (unless Indemnitee 
shall request that such selection be made by the Board), and Indemnitee 
shall give written notice to the Company advising it of the identity of the 
Independent Counsel so selected and certifying that the Independent Counsel 
so selected meets the requirements of “Independent Counsel” as defined in 
Section 2 of this Agreement. If the Independent Counsel is selected by the 
Board, the Company shall give written notice to Indemnitee advising him of 
the identity of the Independent Counsel so selected and certifying that the 
Independent Counsel so selected meets the requirements of “Independent 
Counsel” as defined in Section 2 of this Agreement. In either event, 
Indemnitee or the Company, as the case may be, may, within ten (10) days 
after such written notice of selection shall have been received, deliver to 
the Company or to Indemnitee, as the case may be, a written objection to 
such selection; provided, however, that such objection may be asserted only 
on the ground that the Independent Counsel so selected does not meet the 
requirements of “Independent Counsel” as defined in Section 2 of this 
Agreement, and the objection shall set forth with particularity the factual 
basis of such assertion. Absent a proper and timely objection, the person 
so selected shall act as Independent Counsel. If such written objection is 
so made and substantiated, the Independent Counsel so selected may not 
serve as Independent Counsel unless and until such objection is withdrawn 
or a court of competent jurisdiction has determined that such objection is 
without merit. If, within twenty (20) days after submission by Indemnitee 
of a written request for indemnification pursuant to Section 11.1 hereof, 
no Independent Counsel shall have been selected and not objected to, either 
the Company or Indemnitee may petition the Delaware Court for resolution of 
any objection which shall have been made by the Company or Indemnitee to 
the other’s selection of Independent Counsel and/or for the appointment as 
Independent Counsel of a person selected by the Delaware Court, and the 
person with respect to whom all objections are so resolved or the person so 
appointed shall act as Independent Counsel under Section 12.1 hereof. Upon 
the due commencement of any judicial proceeding or arbitration pursuant to 
Section 14.1 of this Agreement, Independent Counsel shall be discharged and 
relieved of any further responsibility in such capacity (subject to the 
applicable standards of professional conduct then prevailing).
     
12.3. The Company agrees to pay the reasonable fees and expenses of 
Independent Counsel and to fully indemnify and hold harmless such 
Independent Counsel against any and all Expenses, claims, liabilities and 
damages arising out of or relating to this Agreement or its engagement 
pursuant hereto.
 
13. PRESUMPTIONS AND EFFECT OF CERTAIN PROCEEDINGS.
 
13.1. In making a determination with respect to entitlement to 
indemnification hereunder, the person, persons or entity making such 
determination shall presume that Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification 
under this Agreement if Indemnitee has submitted a request for 
indemnification in accordance with Section 11.2 of this Agreement, and the 
Company shall have the burden of proof to overcome that presumption in 
connection with the making by any person, persons or entity of any 
determination contrary to that presumption. Neither the failure of the 
Company (including by its directors or Independent Counsel) to have made a 
determination prior to the commencement of any action pursuant to this 
Agreement that indemnification is proper in the circumstances because 
Indemnitee has met the applicable standard of conduct, nor an actual 
determination by the Company (including by its directors or Independent 
Counsel) that Indemnitee has not met such applicable standard of conduct, 
shall be a defense to the action or create a presumption that Indemnitee 
has not met the applicable standard of conduct.
     

  	10 	 

 

     
13.2. If the person, persons or entity empowered or selected under Section 
12 of this Agreement to determine whether Indemnitee is entitled to 
indemnification shall not have made a determination within thirty (30) days 
after receipt by the Company of the request therefor, the requisite 
determination of entitlement to indemnification shall be deemed to have 
been made and Indemnitee shall be entitled to such indemnification, absent 
(i) a misstatement by Indemnitee of a material fact, or an omission of a 
material fact necessary to make Indemnitee’s statement not materially 
misleading, in connection with the request for indemnification, or (ii) a 
final judicial determination that any or all such indemnification is 
expressly prohibited under applicable law; provided, however, that such 
30-day period may be extended for a reasonable time, not to exceed an 
additional fifteen (15) days, if the person, persons or entity making the 
determination with respect to entitlement to indemnification in good faith 
requires such additional time for the obtaining or evaluating of 
documentation and/or information relating thereto.
     
13.3. The termination of any Proceeding or of any claim, issue or matter 
therein, by judgment, order, settlement or conviction, or upon a plea of 
nolo contendere or its equivalent, shall not (except as otherwise expressly 
provided in this Agreement) of itself adversely affect the right of 
Indemnitee to indemnification or create a presumption that Indemnitee did 
not act in good faith and in a manner which he reasonably believed to be in 
or not opposed to the best interests of the Company or, with respect to any 
criminal Proceeding, that Indemnitee had reasonable cause to believe that 
his conduct was unlawful.
     
13.4. For purposes of any determination of good faith, Indemnitee shall be 
deemed to have acted in good faith if Indemnitee’s action is based on the 
records or books of account of the Enterprise, including financial 
statements, or on information supplied to Indemnitee by the directors or 
officers of the Enterprise in the course of their duties, or on the advice 
of legal counsel for the Enterprise, its Board, any committee of the Board 
or any director, or on information or records given or reports made to the 
Enterprise, its Board, any committee of the Board or any director, by an 
independent certified public accountant or by an appraiser or other expert 
selected by the Enterprise, its Board, any committee of the Board or any 
director. The provisions of this Section 13.4 shall not be deemed to be 
exclusive or to limit in any way the other circumstances in which the 
Indemnitee may be deemed or found to have met the applicable standard of 
conduct set forth in this Agreement.
     
13.5. The knowledge and/or actions, or failure to act, of any other 
director, officer, trustee, partner, managing member, fiduciary, agent or 
employee of the Enterprise shall not be imputed to Indemnitee for purposes 
of determining the right to indemnification under this Agreement.
 

  	11 	 

 

 
14. REMEDIES OF INDEMNITEE.
 
14.1. In the event that (i) a determination is made pursuant to Section 12 
of this Agreement that Indemnitee is not entitled to indemnification under 
this Agreement, (ii) advancement of Expenses, to the fullest extent 
permitted by applicable law, is not timely made pursuant to Section 10 of 
this Agreement, (iii) no determination of entitlement to indemnification 
shall have been made pursuant to Section 12.1 of this Agreement within 
thirty (30) days after receipt by the Company of the request for 
indemnification, (iv) payment of indemnification is not made pursuant to 
Sections 5, 6, 7 or the last sentence of Section 12.1 of this Agreement 
within ten (10) days after receipt by the Company of a written request 
therefor, (v) a contribution payment is not made in a timely manner 
pursuant to Section 8 of this Agreement, (vi) payment of indemnification 
pursuant to Section 3 or 4 of this Agreement is not made within ten (10) 
days after a determination has been made that Indemnitee is entitled to 
indemnification, or (vii) payment to Indemnitee pursuant to any hold 
harmless or exoneration rights under this Agreement or otherwise is not 
made within ten (10) days after receipt by the Company of a written request 
therefor, Indemnitee shall be entitled to an adjudication by the Delaware 
Court to such indemnification, hold harmless, exoneration, contribution or 
advancement rights. Alternatively, Indemnitee, at his option, may seek an 
award in arbitration to be conducted by a single arbitrator pursuant to the 
Commercial Arbitration Rules of the American Arbitration Association. 
Except as set forth herein, the provisions of Delaware law (without regard 
to its conflict of laws rules) shall apply to any such arbitration. The 
Company shall not oppose Indemnitee’s right to seek any such adjudication 
or award in arbitration.
     
14.2. In the event that a determination shall have been made pursuant to 
Section 12.1 of this Agreement that Indemnitee is not entitled to 
indemnification, any judicial proceeding or arbitration commenced pursuant 
to this Section 14 shall be conducted in all respects as a de novo trial, 
or arbitration, on the merits and Indemnitee shall not be prejudiced by 
reason of that adverse determination. In any judicial proceeding or 
arbitration commenced pursuant to this Section 14, Indemnitee shall be 
presumed to be entitled to be indemnified, held harmless, exonerated to 
receive advances of Expenses under this Agreement and the Company shall 
have the burden of proving Indemnitee is not entitled to be indemnified, 
held harmless, exonerated and to receive advances of Expenses, as the case 
may be, and the Company may not refer to or introduce into evidence any 
determination pursuant to Section 12.1 of this Agreement adverse to 
Indemnitee for any purpose. If Indemnitee commences a judicial proceeding 
or arbitration pursuant to this Section 14, Indemnitee shall not be 
required to reimburse the Company for any advances pursuant to Section 10 
until a final determination is made with respect to Indemnitee’s 
entitlement to indemnification (as to which all rights of appeal have been 
exhausted or lapsed).
     
14.3. If a determination shall have been made pursuant to Section 12.1 of 
this Agreement that Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification, the Company 
shall be bound by such determination in any judicial proceeding or 
arbitration commenced pursuant to this Section 14, absent (i) a 
misstatement by Indemnitee of a material fact, or an omission of a material 
fact necessary to make Indemnitee’s statement not materially misleading, in 
connection with the request for indemnification, or (ii) a prohibition of 
such indemnification under applicable law.
     
14.4. The Company shall be precluded from asserting in any judicial 
proceeding or arbitration commenced pursuant to this Section 14 that the 
procedures and presumptions of this Agreement are not valid, binding and 
enforceable and shall stipulate in any such court or before any such 
arbitrator that the Company is bound by all the provisions of this 
Agreement.
     

  	12 	 

 

     
14.5. The Company shall indemnify and hold harmless Indemnitee to the 
fullest extent permitted by law against all Expenses and, if requested by 
Indemnitee, shall (within ten (10) days after the Company’s receipt of such 
written request) pay to Indemnitee, to the fullest extent permitted by 
applicable law, such Expenses which are incurred by Indemnitee in 
connection with any judicial proceeding or arbitration brought by 
Indemnitee (i) to enforce his rights under, or to recover damages for 
breach of, this Agreement or any other indemnification, hold harmless, 
exoneration, advancement or contribution agreement or provision of the 
Charter, or the Company’s Bylaws now or hereafter in effect; or (ii) for 
recovery or advances under any insurance policy maintained by any person 
for the benefit of Indemnitee, regardless of the outcome and whether 
Indemnitee ultimately is determined to be entitled to such indemnification, 
hold harmless or exoneration right, advancement, contribution or insurance 
recovery, as the case may be (unless such judicial proceeding or 
arbitration was not brought by Indemnitee in good faith).
     
14.6. Interest shall be paid by the Company to Indemnitee at the legal rate 
under Delaware law for amounts which the Company indemnifies, holds 
harmless or exonerates, or is obliged to indemnify, hold harmless or 
exonerate for the period commencing with the date on which Indemnitee 
requests indemnification, to be held harmless, exonerated, contribution, 
reimbursement or advancement of any Expenses and ending with the date on 
which such payment is made to Indemnitee by the Company.
 
15. SECURITY.
 
Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary except for Section 27, to 
the extent requested by the Indemnitee and approved by the Board, the 
Company may at any time and from time to time provide security to the 
Indemnitee for the Company’s obligations hereunder through an irrevocable 
bank line of credit, funded trust or other collateral. Any such security, 
once provided to the Indemnitee, may not be revoked or released without the 
prior written consent of the Indemnitee.
 
16. NON-EXCLUSIVITY; SURVIVAL OF RIGHTS; INSURANCE; SUBROGATION
 
16.1. The rights of Indemnitee as provided by this Agreement shall not be 
deemed exclusive of any other rights to which Indemnitee may at any time be 
entitled under applicable law, the Charter, the Company’s Bylaws, any 
agreement, a vote of stockholders or a resolution of directors, or 
otherwise. No amendment, alteration or repeal of this Agreement or of any 
provision hereof shall limit or restrict any right of Indemnitee under this 
Agreement in respect of any Proceeding (regardless of when such Proceeding 
is first threatened, commenced or completed) arising out of, or related to, 
any action taken or omitted by such Indemnitee in his Corporate Status 
prior to such amendment, alteration or repeal. To the extent that a change 
in applicable law, whether by statute or judicial decision, permits greater 
indemnification, hold harmless or exoneration rights or advancement of 
Expenses than would be afforded currently under the Charter, the Company’s 
Bylaws or this Agreement, then this Agreement (without any further action 
by the parties hereto) shall automatically be deemed to be amended to 
require that the Company indemnify Indemnitee to the fullest extent 
permitted by law. No right or remedy herein conferred is intended to be 
exclusive of any other right or remedy, and every other right and remedy 
shall be cumulative and in addition to every other right and remedy given 
hereunder or now or hereafter existing at law or in equity or otherwise. 
The assertion or employment of any right or remedy hereunder, or otherwise, 
shall not prevent the concurrent assertion or employment of any other right 
or remedy.
     

  	13 	 

 

     
16.2. The DGCL and the Company’s Bylaws permit the Company to purchase and 
maintain insurance or furnish similar protection or make other arrangements 
including, but not limited to, providing a trust fund, letter of credit, or 
surety bond (“Indemnification Arrangements ”) on behalf of Indemnitee 
against any liability asserted against him or incurred by or on behalf of 
him or in such capacity as a director, officer, employee or agent of the 
Company, or arising out of his status as such, whether or not the Company 
would have the power to indemnify him against such liability under the 
provisions of this Agreement or under the DGCL, as it may then be in 
effect. The purchase, establishment, and maintenance of any such 
Indemnification Arrangement shall not in any way limit or affect the rights 
and obligations of the Company or of the Indemnitee under this Agreement 
except as expressly provided herein, and the execution and delivery of this 
Agreement by the Company and the Indemnitee shall not in any way limit or 
affect the rights and obligations of the Company or the other party or 
parties thereto under any such Indemnification Arrangement.
     
16.3. To the extent that the Company maintains an insurance policy or 
policies providing liability insurance for directors, officers, trustees, 
partners, managing members, fiduciaries, employees, or agents of the 
Company or of any other Enterprise which such person serves at the request 
of the Company, Indemnitee shall be covered by such policy or policies in 
accordance with its or their terms to the maximum extent of the coverage 
available for any such director, officer, trustee, partner, managing 
member, fiduciary, employee or agent under such policy or policies. If, at 
the time the Company receives notice from any source of a Proceeding as to 
which Indemnitee is a party or a participant (as a witness or otherwise), 
the Company has director and officer liability insurance in effect, the 
Company shall give prompt notice of such Proceeding to the insurers in 
accordance with the procedures set forth in the respective policies. The 
Company shall thereafter take all necessary or desirable action to cause 
such insurers to pay, on behalf of the Indemnitee, all amounts payable as a 
result of such Proceeding in accordance with the terms of such policies.
     
16.4. In the event of any payment under this Agreement, the Company shall 
be subrogated to the extent of such payment to all of the rights of 
recovery of Indemnitee, who shall execute all papers required and take all 
action necessary to secure such rights, including execution of such 
documents as are necessary to enable the Company to bring suit to enforce 
such rights.
     

  	14 	 

 

     
16.5. The Company’s obligation to indemnify, hold harmless, exonerate or 
advance Expenses hereunder to Indemnitee who is or was serving at the 
request of the Company as a director, officer, trustee, partner, managing 
member, fiduciary, employee or agent of any other Enterprise shall be 
reduced by any amount Indemnitee has actually received as indemnification, 
hold harmless or exoneration payments or advancement of expenses from such 
Enterprise. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement to the 
contrary except for Section 27, (i) Indemnitee shall have no obligation to 
reduce, offset, allocate, pursue or apportion any indemnification, hold 
harmless, exoneration, advancement, contribution or insurance coverage 
among multiple parties possessing such duties to Indemnitee prior to the 
Company’s satisfaction and performance of all its obligations under this 
Agreement, and (ii) the Company shall perform fully its obligations under 
this Agreement without regard to whether Indemnitee holds, may pursue or 
has pursued any indemnification, advancement, hold harmless, exoneration, 
contribution or insurance coverage rights against any person or entity 
other than the Company.
 
17. DURATION OF AGREEMENT.
 
All agreements and obligations of the Company contained herein shall 
continue during the period Indemnitee serves as a director or officer of 
the Company or as a director, officer, trustee, partner, managing member, 
fiduciary, employee or agent of any other corporation, partnership, joint 
venture, trust, employee benefit plan or other Enterprise which Indemnitee 
serves at the request of the Company and shall continue thereafter so long 
as Indemnitee shall be subject to any possible Proceeding (including any 
rights of appeal thereto and any Proceeding commenced by Indemnitee 
pursuant to Section 14 of this Agreement) by reason of his Corporate 
Status, whether or not he is acting in any such capacity at the time any 
liability or expense is incurred for which indemnification can be provided 
under this Agreement.
 
18. SEVERABILITY.
 
If any provision or provisions of this Agreement shall be held to be 
invalid, illegal or unenforceable for any reason whatsoever: (a) the 
validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions of this 
Agreement (including, without limitation, each portion of any Section, 
paragraph or sentence of this Agreement containing any such provision held 
to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, that is not itself invalid, 
illegal or unenforceable) shall not in any way be affected or impaired 
thereby and shall remain enforceable to the fullest extent permitted by 
law; (b) such provision or provisions shall be deemed reformed to the 
extent necessary to conform to applicable law and to give the maximum 
effect to the intent of the parties hereto; and (c) to the fullest extent 
possible, the provisions of this Agreement (including, without limitation, 
each portion of any Section, paragraph or sentence of this Agreement 
containing any such provision held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, 
that is not itself invalid, illegal or unenforceable) shall be construed so 
as to give effect to the intent manifested thereby.
 
19. ENFORCEMENT AND BINDING EFFECT.
 
19.1. The Company expressly confirms and agrees that it has entered into 
this Agreement and assumed the obligations imposed on it hereby in order to 
induce Indemnitee to serve as a director, officer or key employee of the 
Company, and the Company acknowledges that Indemnitee is relying upon this 
Agreement in serving as a director, officer or key employee of the Company.
 

  	15 	 

 

 
19.2. Without limiting any of the rights of Indemnitee under the Charter or 
Bylaws of the Company as they may be amended from time to time, this 
Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the parties hereto with 
respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes all prior agreements 
and understandings, oral, written and implied, between the parties hereto 
with respect to the subject matter hereof.
     
19.3. The indemnification, hold harmless, exoneration and advancement of 
expenses rights provided by or granted pursuant to this Agreement shall be 
binding upon and be enforceable by the parties hereto and their respective 
successors and assigns (including any direct or indirect successor by 
purchase, merger, consolidation or otherwise to all or substantially all of 
the business or assets of the Company), shall continue as to an Indemnitee 
who has ceased to be a director, officer, employee or agent of the Company 
or of any other Enterprise at the Company’s request, and shall inure to the 
benefit of Indemnitee and his or her spouse, assigns, heirs, devisees, 
executors and administrators and other legal representatives.
     
19.4. The Company shall require and cause any successor (whether direct or 
indirect by purchase, merger, consolidation or otherwise) to all, 
substantially all or a substantial part, of the business and/or assets of 
the Company, by written agreement in form and substance satisfactory to the 
Indemnitee, expressly to assume and agree to perform this Agreement in the 
same manner and to the same extent that the Company would be required to 
perform if no such succession had taken place.
     
19.5. The Company and Indemnitee agree herein that a monetary remedy for 
breach of this Agreement, at some later date, may be inadequate, 
impracticable and difficult of proof, and further agree that such breach 
may cause Indemnitee irreparable harm. Accordingly, the parties hereto 
agree that Indemnitee may enforce this Agreement by seeking, among other 
things, injunctive relief and/or specific performance hereof, without any 
necessity of showing actual damage or irreparable harm and that by seeking 
injunctive relief and/or specific performance, Indemnitee shall not be 
precluded from seeking or obtaining any other relief to which he may be 
entitled. The Company and Indemnitee further agree that Indemnitee shall be 
entitled to such specific performance and injunctive relief, including 
temporary restraining orders, preliminary injunctions and permanent 
injunctions, without the necessity of posting bonds or other undertaking in 
connection therewith. The Company acknowledges that in the absence of a 
waiver, a bond or undertaking may be required of Indemnitee by a Court of 
competent jurisdiction and the Company hereby waives any such requirement 
of such a bond or undertaking.
  
20. MODIFICATION AND WAIVER.
  
No supplement, modification or amendment of this Agreement shall be binding 
unless executed in writing by the parties hereto. No waiver of any of the 
provisions of this Agreement shall be deemed or shall constitute a waiver 
of any other provisions of this Agreement nor shall any waiver constitute a 
continuing waiver.
 

  	16 	 

 

 
21. NOTICES.
  
All notices, requests, demands and other communications under this 
Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly given 
(i) if delivered by hand and receipted for by the party to whom said notice 
or other communication shall have been directed, or (ii) mailed by 
certified or registered mail with postage prepaid, on the third (3rd) 
business day after the date on which it is so mailed:
  	  	 
  	(a) 	If to Indemnitee, at the address indicated on the signature page of 
this Agreement, or such other address as Indemnitee shall provide in 
writing to the Company.
  	  	 
  	(b) 	If to the Company, to:
  	  	 
  	  	FinTech Acquisition Corp. II
  	  	
2929 Arch Street, Suite 1703
Philadelphia, PA 19104-2870
  	  	Attn: James J. McEntee, III
  	  	President and Chief Financial Officer
  	  	 
  	With a copy, which shall not constitute notice, to each of the 
following:
  	  	 
  	  	
Ledgewood PC
2001 Market Street, Suite 3400
Philadelphia, Pennsylvania 19103
Attn: Amanda Abrams
  	  	 
 or to any other address as may have been furnished to Indemnitee in
 writing by the Company.
 
22. APPLICABLE LAW AND CONSENT TO JURISDICTION.
 
This Agreement and the legal relations among the parties shall be governed 
by, and construed and enforced in accordance with, the laws of the State of 
Delaware, without regard to its conflict of laws rules. Except with respect 
to any arbitration commenced by Indemnitee pursuant to Section 14(a) of 
this Agreement, the Company and Indemnitee hereby irrevocably and 
unconditionally: (a) agree that any action or proceeding arising out of or 
in connection with this Agreement shall be brought only in the Delaware 
Court and not in any other state or federal court in the United States of 
America or any court in any other country; (b) consent to submit to the 
exclusive jurisdiction of the Delaware Court for purposes of any action or 
proceeding arising out of or in connection with this Agreement; (c) waive 
any objection to the laying of venue of any such action or proceeding in 
the Delaware Court; and (d) waive, and agree not to plead or to make, any 
claim that any such action or proceeding brought in the Delaware Court has 
been brought in an improper or inconvenient forum, or is subject (in whole 
or in part) to a jury trial.
 

  	17 	 

 

 
23. IDENTICAL COUNTERPARTS.
 
This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which 
shall for all purposes be deemed to be an original but all of which 
together shall constitute one and the same Agreement. Only one such 
counterpart signed by the party against whom enforceability is sought needs 
to be produced to evidence the existence of this Agreement.
 
24. MISCELLANEOUS.
 
Use of the masculine pronoun shall be deemed to include usage of the 
feminine pronoun where appropriate. The headings of the paragraphs of this 
Agreement are inserted for convenience only and shall not be deemed to 
constitute part of this Agreement or to affect the construction thereof.
 
25. PERIOD OF LIMITATIONS.
 
No legal action shall be brought and no cause of action shall be asserted 
by or in the right of the Company against Indemnitee, Indemnitee’s spouse, 
heirs, executors or personal or legal representatives after the expiration 
of two years from the date of accrual of such cause of action, and any 
claim or cause of action of the Company shall be extinguished and deemed 
released unless asserted by the timely filing of a legal action within such 
two-year period; provided, however, that if any shorter period of 
limitations is otherwise applicable to any such cause of action such 
shorter period shall govern.
 
26. ADDITIONAL ACTS.
 
If for the validation of any of the provisions in this Agreement any act, 
resolution, approval or other procedure is required, the Company undertakes 
to cause such act, resolution, approval or other procedure to be affected 
or adopted in a manner that will enable the Company to fulfill its 
obligations under this Agreement.
 
27. WAIVER OF CLAIMS TO TRUST ACCOUNT.
 
Notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary, Indemnitee 
hereby agrees that it does not have any right, title, interest or claim of 
any kind (each, a “Claim”) in or to any monies in the trust account 
established in connection with the Company’s initial public offering for 
the benefit of the Company and holders of shares issued in such offering, 
and hereby waives any Claim it may have in the future as a result of, or 
arising out of, any services provided to the Company and will not seek 
recourse against such trust account for any reason whatsoever. Accordingly, 
Indemnitee acknowledges and agrees that any indemnification provided hereto 
will only be able to be satisfied by the Company if (i) the Company has 
sufficient funds outside of the trust account to satisfy its obligations 
hereunder or (ii) the Company consummates an initial business combination
 
[SIGNATURE PAGE FOLLOWS]
 

  	18 	 

 

 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Indemnity Agreement 
to be signed as of the day and year first above written.
 
  	FINTECH ACQUISITION CORP. II
  	  	 
  	By: 	 
  	  	Name: James J. McEntee, III
  	  	Title: President and Chief Financial Officer
 
  	 
  	Name: 	 
  	Address: 	 
  	  	 
  	  	 
 
[Signature page to Indemnity Agreement]
 
 
19
 