 EX-10.3 5 dk-8kxex103votingagreement.htm EXHIBIT 10.3
Exhibit 10.3

Execution Version

VOTING, IRREVOCABLE PROXY AND SUPPORT AGREEMENT


This Voting, Irrevocable Proxy and Support Agreement (this “Agreement”), 
dated as of January 2, 2017, is by and between the undersigned stockholder 
(“Stockholder”) and Delek US Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation (“
Parent” and, collectively with Stockholder, the “Parties” and each, a “
Party”).


WHEREAS, Stockholder is a stockholder of Alon USA Energy, Inc., a Delaware 
corporation (the “Company”);


WHEREAS, concurrently with the execution of this Agreement, Parent, Delek 
Holdco, Inc., a Delaware corporation and wholly owned subsidiary of Parent 
(“HoldCo”), Dione Mergeco, Inc., a Delaware corporation and wholly owned 
subsidiary of HoldCo (“Parent Merger Sub”), Astro Mergeco, Inc., a Delaware 
corporation and wholly owned subsidiary of HoldCo (“Astro Merger Sub”), and 
the Company, have entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger (as the same 
may be amended from time to time, the  Merger Agreement”), providing for 
the consummation of certain mergers (the “Mergers”) pursuant to the terms 
and conditions of the Merger Agreement;


WHEREAS, Stockholder has been provided with a copy of the Merger Agreement 
in the form to be executed by the parties thereto;


WHEREAS, as a condition to its willingness to enter into the Merger 
Agreement, Parent has required that Stockholder execute and deliver this 
Agreement; and


WHEREAS, in order to induce Parent to enter into the Merger Agreement, 
Stockholder is willing to make certain representations, warranties, 
covenants and agreements with respect to the shares of common stock, par 
value $0.01 per share, of the Company (“Company Common Stock”) beneficially 
owned by Stockholder and set forth on Exhibit A hereto (the “Original 
Shares” and, together with any additional shares of Company Common Stock 
pursuant to Section 6 hereof, collectively the “Shares”).


NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and for other good and 
valuable consideration, the receipt, sufficiency and adequacy of which are 
hereby acknowledged, the Parties agree as follows:


1.Definitions.


For purposes of this Agreement, capitalized terms used and not defined 
herein shall have the respective meanings ascribed to them in the Merger 
Agreement.


2.    Representations of Stockholder.


Stockholder represents and warrants to Parent that:




------------------------------------------------------------------------


(a)    (i) Stockholder is the record and beneficial owner (as such term is 
defined in Rule 13d-3 of the Exchange Act) of and has good title to all of 
the Original Shares free and clear of all Liens (except as set forth in 
this Agreement and pursuant to any applicable restrictions on transfer 
under the Exchange Act), and (ii) except pursuant hereto, there are no 
options, warrants or other rights, agreements, arrangements or commitments 
of any character to which Stockholder is a party relating to the pledge, 
disposition or voting of any of the Original Shares and there are no voting 
trusts or voting agreements with respect to the Original Shares.

(b)    Stockholder has, and will have at the time of the Company 
Stockholders Meeting with respect to the matters covered by Section 3(a), 
the right to vote and direct the vote of, and to dispose of and direct the 
disposition of, the Original Shares, and none of the Original Shares is 
subject to any agreement, arrangement or restriction with respect to the 
Original Shares that would prevent or delay Stockholder’s ability to 
perform its obligations hereunder. There are no agreements or arrangements 
of any kind, contingent or otherwise, obligating Stockholder to Transfer 
(as defined in Section 5) or cause to be Transferred, any of the Original 
Shares, and no Person has any contractual or other right or obligation to 
purchase or otherwise acquire any of the Original Shares.

(c)    Stockholder does not beneficially own any shares of Company Common 
Stock other than (i) the Original Shares and (ii) any options, warrants or 
other rights to acquire any additional shares of Company Common Stock or 
any security exercisable for or convertible into shares of Company Common 
Stock as set forth on Exhibit A hereto.

(d)    Stockholder has full power and authority and legal capacity to enter 
into, execute and deliver this Agreement and to perform fully Stockholder’s 
obligations hereunder (including the irrevocable proxy described in 
Section 3(b)). This Agreement has been duly and validly executed and 
delivered by Stockholder and constitutes the legal, valid and binding 
obligation of Stockholder, enforceable against Stockholder in accordance 
with its terms.

(e)    None of the execution and delivery of this Agreement by Stockholder, 
the consummation by Stockholder of the transactions contemplated hereby or 
compliance by Stockholder with any of the provisions hereof will conflict 
with or result in a breach, or constitute a default (with or without notice 
of lapse of time or both) under any provision of, any trust agreement, loan 
or credit agreement, note, bond, mortgage, indenture, lease or other 
agreement, instrument or Law applicable to Stockholder or to Stockholder’s 
property or assets. There is no (i) action, proceeding or investigation 
pending or threatened against Stockholder or any of its controlled 
Affiliates; or (ii) outstanding writ, injunction, order, judgment or decree 
of any Governmental Authority to which Stockholder or any of its controlled 
Affiliates are subject or bound, in each case, that could prevent, 
materially delay, hinder or impair the exercise by Parent of its rights 
under this Agreement or the performance by Stockholder of its obligations 
under this Agreement.


2


------------------------------------------------------------------------


(f)    No consent, approval or authorization of, or designation, 
declaration or filing with, any Governmental Authority or other Person on 
the part of Stockholder is required in connection with the valid execution 
and delivery of this Agreement. No consent of Stockholder’s spouse is 
necessary under any “community property” or other laws in order for 
Stockholder to enter into and perform its obligations under this Agreement 
unless Stockholder’s spouse has also executed this Agreement as Stockholder 
(in which case the term “Stockholder” shall refer to both spouses). 
Stockholder has not taken any action that would or would reasonably be 
expected to (i) constitute or result in a breach hereof; (ii) make any 
representation or warranty of Stockholder set forth in this Section 2 
untrue or incorrect; or (iii) have the effect of preventing or disabling 
Stockholder from performing any of its obligations under this Agreement.

3.    Agreement to Vote Shares; Irrevocable Proxy.


(a)    Stockholder agrees during the term of this Agreement to vote the 
Shares, and to cause any holder of record of any Shares to vote: (i) at the 
Company Stockholders Meeting in favor of (1) the Mergers and the Merger 
Agreement and any other transactions or matters contemplated by the Merger 
Agreement, (2) any proposal to adjourn or postpone the Company Stockholders 
Meeting to a later date if there are not sufficient votes to adopt the 
Merger Agreement or if there are not sufficient shares present in person or 
by proxy at such meeting to constitute a quorum, (ii) in favor of any other 
matter necessary to consummate the transactions contemplated by the Merger 
Agreement, in each case at every meeting (or in connection with any action 
by written consent) of the Company Stockholders at which such matters are 
considered and at every adjournment or postponement thereof, and (iii) 
against (1) any Company Acquisition Proposal, (2) any action, proposal, 
transaction or agreement which could reasonably be expected to result in a 
breach of any covenant, representation or warranty or any other obligation 
or agreement of the Company under the Merger Agreement or of Stockholder 
under this Agreement and (3) any action, proposal, transaction or agreement 
that could reasonably be expected to impede, interfere with, frustrate, 
delay, discourage, adversely affect or inhibit the timely consummation of 
the Mergers or the fulfillment of Parent’s, the Company’s, HoldCo’s, Parent 
Merger Sub’s or Astro Merger Sub’s conditions under the Merger Agreement or 
change in any manner the voting rights of any class of shares of the 
Company (including any amendments to the Company Certificate or Company 
Bylaws).

(b)    Stockholder hereby appoints Parent and any designee of Parent, and 
each of them individually, its proxies and attorneys-in-fact, with full 
power of substitution and resubstitution, to vote during the term of this 
Agreement with respect to the Shares in accordance with Section 3(a). This 
proxy and power of attorney is given to secure the performance of the 
obligations and duties of Stockholder under this Agreement. Stockholder 
shall take such further action or execute such other instruments as may be 
necessary to effectuate the intent of this Agreement, including without 
limitation this proxy. This proxy and power of attorney granted by 
Stockholder are irrevocable during the term of this


3


------------------------------------------------------------------------


Agreement, shall be and shall be deemed to be coupled with an interest 
sufficient in law to support an irrevocable proxy and shall revoke any and 
all prior proxies granted by Stockholder with respect to the Shares. The 
power of attorney granted by Stockholder herein is a durable power of 
attorney and shall survive the dissolution, bankruptcy, death or incapacity 
of Stockholder. The proxy and power of attorney granted hereunder shall 
terminate upon the termination of this Agreement. Parent may terminate this 
proxy with respect to Stockholder at any time at its sole election by 
written notice provided to Stockholder. The Parties acknowledge and agree 
that neither Parent, nor any of its Affiliates or any designees of Parent, 
shall owe any duty (fiduciary or otherwise), or incur any liability of any 
kind to Stockholder or any of its Affiliates, in connection with or as a 
result of the exercise of the powers granted to Parent by this Section 3(b)
.

4.    No Voting Trusts or Other Arrangement.


Stockholder agrees that Stockholder will not, and will not permit any 
entity under Stockholder’s control to, deposit any of the Shares in a 
voting trust, grant any proxies with respect to the Shares or subject any 
of the Shares to any arrangement with respect to the voting of the Shares 
other than agreements entered into with Parent.


5.    Transfer and Encumbrance.


Stockholder agrees that during the term of this Agreement, Stockholder will 
not, directly or indirectly, (i) transfer, sell, offer, exchange, assign, 
pledge or otherwise dispose of or encumber (“Transfer”) any of the Shares 
or enter into any contract, option or other agreement with respect to, or 
consent to, a Transfer of, any of the Shares or Stockholder’s voting or 
economic interest therein, (ii) grant any proxies or powers of attorney, or 
any other authorization or consent with respect to any or all of its Shares 
in respect of any matter addressed by this Agreement, (iii) deposit any of 
the Shares into a voting trust or enter into a voting agreement or 
arrangement with respect to any of the Shares or grant any proxy or power 
of attorney with respect thereto that is inconsistent with this Agreement, 
(iv) enter into any Contract with respect to the Transfer of any Shares;, 
or (v) take any other action, that would restrict, limit or interfere with 
the performance of the Stockholder’s obligations hereunder. Any attempted 
Transfer of Shares or any interest therein in violation of this Section 5 
shall be null and void. This Section 5 shall not prohibit a Transfer of the 
Shares by Stockholder to any member of Stockholder’s immediate family, or 
to a trust for the benefit of Stockholder or any member of Stockholder’s 
immediate family, or upon the death of Stockholder; provided, that a 
Transfer referred to in this sentence shall be permitted only if, as a 
precondition to such Transfer, the transferee agrees in a writing, 
reasonably satisfactory in form and substance to Parent, to be bound by all 
of the terms of this Agreement.



4


------------------------------------------------------------------------


6.    Additional Shares.


Stockholder agrees that all shares of Company Common Stock that Stockholder 
purchases, acquires the right to vote or otherwise acquires beneficial 
ownership of (as defined in Rule 13d-3 of the Exchange Act) after the 
execution of this Agreement shall be subject to the terms of this Agreement 
and shall constitute Shares for all purposes of this Agreement.


7.    Termination.


This Agreement shall terminate upon the earliest to occur of (i) the 
Effective Time, (ii) a Company Change in Recommendation made in accordance 
with Section 7.2(b) of the Merger Agreement and (iii) the date on which the 
Merger Agreement is terminated in accordance with its terms. Upon 
termination of this Agreement, no Party shall have any further obligations 
or liabilities under this Agreement; provided, however, that (a) nothing 
set forth in this Section 7 shall relieve any Party from liability for any 
breach of this Agreement occurring prior to the termination hereof; and (b) 
the provisions of Section 7, Section 11 and Section 12 shall survive any 
termination of this Agreement.


8.    No Agreement as Director or Officer.


Stockholder makes no agreement or understanding in this Agreement in 
Stockholder’s capacity as a director or officer of the Company or any of 
its subsidiaries (if Stockholder holds such office), and nothing in this 
Agreement: (a) will limit or affect any actions or omissions taken by 
Stockholder in such Stockholder’s capacity as such a director or officer, 
including in exercising rights under the Merger Agreement, and no such 
actions or omissions shall be deemed a breach of this Agreement or (b) will 
be construed to prohibit, limit or restrict Stockholder from exercising 
such Stockholder’s fiduciary duties as an officer or director to the 
Company and its stockholders.


9.    Specific Performance.


Each Party acknowledges that it will be impossible to measure in money the 
damage to the other Party if a Party fails to comply with any of the 
obligations imposed by this Agreement, that every such obligation is 
material and that, in the event of any such failure, the other Party will 
not have an adequate remedy at law or damages. Accordingly, each Party 
agrees that injunctive relief or other equitable remedy, in addition to 
remedies at law or damages, is the appropriate remedy for any such failure 
and will not oppose the seeking of such relief on the basis that the other 
Party has an adequate remedy at law. Each Party agrees that it will not 
seek, and agrees to waive any requirement for, the securing or posting of a 
bond in connection with the other Party’s seeking or obtaining such 
equitable relief.



5


------------------------------------------------------------------------


10.    Entire Agreement.


This Agreement supersedes all prior agreements, written or oral, between 
the Parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and contains the 
entire agreement between the Parties with respect to the subject matter 
hereof. This Agreement may not be amended or supplemented, and no 
provisions hereof may be modified or waived, except by an instrument in 
writing signed by both of the Parties. No waiver of any provisions hereof 
by either Party shall be deemed a waiver of any other provisions hereof by 
such Party, nor shall any such waiver be deemed a continuing waiver of any 
provision hereof by such Party.


11.    Notices.


All notices, requests, claims, demands, and other communications hereunder 
shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been given (a) when 
delivered by hand (with written confirmation of receipt), (b) when received 
by the addressee if sent by a nationally recognized overnight courier 
(receipt requested), (c) on the date sent by facsimile or e-mail of a 
portable document format (“PDF”) document (with confirmation of 
transmission) if sent during normal business hours of the recipient, and on 
the next Business Day if sent after normal business hours of the recipient, 
or (d) on the third day after the date mailed, by certified or registered 
mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid. Such communications must 
be sent to the respective Parties at the following addresses (or at such 
other address for a Party as shall be specified in a notice given in 
accordance with this Section 11):


      If to Parent, to:


      Mark Cox, EVP
      Delek US Holdings, Inc.
      7102 Commerce Way
      Brentwood, TN 37027


      with a copy (which shall not constitute notice) at the same physical
      address to: 
       
      General Counsel
      Amber.Ervin@DelekUS.com


      and a copy (which shall not constitute notice) to: 
       
      Daniel L. Mark, Esq.
      Norton Rose Fulbright US LLP 
      1301 McKinney
      Houston, TX 77010-3095



6


------------------------------------------------------------------------


If to Stockholder, to the address or facsimile number set forth for 
Stockholder on Exhibit A hereof.


      with a copy (which shall not constitute notice) to: 
       
      Gillian A. Hobson, Esq.
      Vinson & Elkins LLP 
      1001 Fannin Street, Suite 2500
      Houston, TX 77002


12.    Miscellaneous.


(a)    This Agreement shall be governed by, and interpreted in accordance 
with, the Laws of the State of Delaware (except to the extent that 
mandatory provisions of federal law govern), without giving effect to any 
choice or conflict of law provision or rule (whether of the State of 
Delaware or any other jurisdiction) that would cause the application of 
Laws of any jurisdiction other than those of the State of Delaware.

(b)    Each of the Parties agrees that to the fullest extent permitted by 
Law, any Legal Proceeding seeking to enforce any provision of, or based on 
any matter arising out of or in connection with, this Agreement or the 
Merger Transactions shall be brought in the Delaware Court of Chancery (or, 
if such court does not have jurisdiction, the Complex Commercial Litigation 
Division of the Delaware Superior Court, or, if such division does not have 
jurisdiction or the Legal Proceeding is not assigned to such division, the 
Delaware Superior Court, or, if such other court does not have 
jurisdiction, the United States District Court for the District of 
Delaware), and each of the Parties hereby irrevocably consents to the 
jurisdiction of such courts (and of the appropriate appellate courts 
therefrom) in any such Legal Proceeding and irrevocably waives, to the 
fullest extent permitted by Law, any objection that it may now or hereafter 
have to the laying of the venue of any such Legal Proceeding in any such 
court or that any such Legal Proceeding brought in such court has been 
brought in an inconvenient forum, or that this Agreement, or the subject 
matter hereof, may not be enforced in or by such court. Process in any such 
Legal Proceeding may be served on any Party anywhere in the world, whether 
within or without the jurisdiction of any such court. Without limiting the 
foregoing, each Party agrees that to the fullest extent permitted by law, 
service of process on such Party as provided in Section 11 shall be deemed 
effective service of process on such Party for matters between the Parties.

(c)    EACH OF THE PARTIES HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ANY AND ALL RIGHT 
(WHETHER AS PLAINTIFF, DEFENDANT OR OTHERWISE) TO TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY 
LEGAL PROCEEDING BETWEEN THE PARTIES ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO THIS 
AGREEMENT OR THE MERGER TRANSACTIONS. THE PARTIES AGREE THAT ANY OF THEM 
MAY FILE A COPY OF THIS PARAGRAPH WITH ANY COURT AS WRITTEN EVIDENCE OF THE 
KNOWING, VOLUNTARY


7


------------------------------------------------------------------------


AND BARGAINED-FOR AGREEMENT AMONG THE PARTIES IRREVOCABLY TO WAIVE THEIR 
RESPECTIVE RIGHTS TO TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING WHATSOEVER 
BETWEEN OR AMONG THEM RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR THE MERGER 
TRANSACTIONS, AS APPLICABLE, AND THAT SUCH LEGAL PROCEEDING WILL INSTEAD BE 
TRIED IN A COURT OF COMPETENT JURISDICTION BY A JUDGE SITTING WITHOUT A 
JURY.

(d)    If any term or other provision of this Agreement is invalid, illegal 
or incapable of being enforced by any rule of law or public policy, all 
other conditions and provisions of this Agreement shall nevertheless remain 
in full force and effect. Upon such determination that any term or 
provision is invalid, illegal or incapable of being enforced, the Parties 
shall negotiate in good faith to modify this Agreement so as to effect the 
original intent of the Parties as closely as possible to the fullest extent 
permitted by applicable Law in an acceptable manner to the end that the 
Merger Transactions are fulfilled to the fullest extent possible.

(e)    This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, each 
of which shall be an original, and all of which, when taken together, shall 
constitute one Agreement. Delivery of an executed signature page of this 
Agreement by facsimile or other customary means of electronic transmission 
(e.g., PDF) shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed 
counterpart hereof.

(f)    Each Party shall execute and deliver such additional documents and 
instruments and take such further actions as may be necessary or desirable 
to effect the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

(g)    The Parties have participated jointly in the negotiation and 
drafting of this Agreement with the assistance of counsel and other 
advisors and, in the event an ambiguity or question of intent or 
interpretation arises, this Agreement shall be construed as jointly drafted 
by the Parties and no presumption or burden of proof shall arise favoring 
or disfavoring any Party by virtue of the authorship of any provision of 
this Agreement or interim drafts of this Agreement.

(h)    The obligations of Stockholder set forth in this Agreement shall not 
be effective or binding upon Stockholder until after such time as the 
Merger Agreement is executed and delivered by Parent, HoldCo, Parent Merger 
Sub, Astro Merger Sub, and the Company, and the Parties agree that there is 
not and has not been any other agreement, arrangement or understanding 
between the Parties with respect to the matters set forth herein.

(i)    No Party may assign any of its rights or obligations under this 
Agreement without the prior written consent of the other Party. Any 
assignment contrary to the provisions of this Section 12(i) shall be null 
and void.




[SIGNATURE PAGE FOLLOWS]


8


------------------------------------------------------------------------


IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties have executed and delivered this Agreement 
as of the date first written above.



 
 
 
DELEK US HOLDINGS, INC.

 
 
 
 
By:  /s/ Assaf Ginzburg   
Name: Assaf Ginzburg    
Title:  EVP & CFO          
 
 
 
 
By: /s/ Frederec Green     
Name:   Frederec Green   
Title:   EVP & COO         
 


 
 
 
STOCKHOLDER


 
 
 
 
By:   /s/ Jeff Morris      
Name: Jeff Morris
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
By:   /s/ Karen Morris   
Name: Karen Morris
 



[Signature page to Voting, Irrevocable Proxy and Support Agreement]


------------------------------------------------------------------------


Exhibit A – Shares of Company Common Stock Beneficially Owned


The Stockholder owns 1,669,347 shares of Company Common Stock and may be 
deemed to beneficially own an additional 232,694 shares of Company Common 
Stock issuable upon exchange of shares of Alon Assets, Inc.


Notice Address of Stockholder:


c/o Alon USA Energy, Inc.
12700 Park Central Dr., Suite 1600
Dallas, Texas 75251
972-367-3724


