 EX-10.23 3 v458999_ex10-23.htm EXHIBIT 10.23
Exhibit 10.23
 
REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT
 
THIS REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT (this “Agreement”) is made as of 
November 10, 2016, among Monster Digital, Inc. (the “Company”), and each 
signatory hereto (each, an “Investor” and collectively, the “Investors”). 
Capitalized terms not otherwise defined herein shall have the meaning 
ascribed to them in the Subscription Agreements (as defined below).
 
R E C I T A L S
 
WHEREAS, the Company and the Investors are parties to Subscription 
Agreements, as such may be amended and supplemented from time to time, with 
respect to the offering of up to $2,500,000 shares of the Company’s common 
stock at a per share purchase price of $1.50 (the “Subscription Agreements
” and such offering the “Offering”) ;
 
WHEREAS, the Investors’ obligations under the Subscription Agreements are 
conditioned upon certain registration rights under the Securities Act of 
1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”); and
 
WHEREAS, the Investors and the Company desire to provide for the rights of 
registration under the Securities Act as are provided herein upon the 
execution and delivery of this Agreement by such Investors and the Company.
 
NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the promises, covenants and conditions 
set forth herein, the parties hereto hereby agree as follows:
 
1.  Registration Rights.
 
1.1 Definitions. As used in this Agreement, the following terms shall have 
the meanings set forth below:
 
(a) “Commission” means the United States Securities and Exchange 
Commission.
 
(b) “Common Stock” means the Company’s common stock, par value $0.0001 per 
share.
 
(c) “Exchange Act” means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.
 
(d) “Filing Date” means the date that is sixty (days) after the Final 
Closing Date.
 
(e) “Investor” means any person owning Registrable Securities who becomes 
party to this Agreement by executing a counterpart signature page hereto, 
or other agreement in writing to be bound by the terms hereof, which is 
accepted by the Company.
 
(f) The terms “register,” “registered” and “registration” refer to a 
registration effected by preparing and filing a registration statement or 
similar document in compliance with the Securities Act, and the declaration 
or ordering of effectiveness of such registration statement or document.
 
(g) “Registrable Securities” means the Common Stock issued pursuant to the 
Subscription Agreements  
 
(h)        “Rule 144” means Rule 144 as promulgated by the Commission under 
the Securities Act, as such Rule may be amended from time to time, or any 
similar successor rule that may be promulgated by the Commission.
 	
(i) “Rule 415” means Rule 415 as promulgated by the Commission under the 
Securities Act, as such Rule may be amended from time to time, or any 
similar successor rule that may be promulgated by the Commission.
 
(j) “Shares” means the shares of Common Stock issued pursuant to the 
Subscription Agreements.
 

  	B-1 	 

 

 
1.2  Company Registration.
 
(a)        On or prior to the Filing Date, the Company shall prepare and 
file with the Commission a registration statement covering the Registrable 
Securities. The registration statement shall be on Form S-1 or, if the 
Company is so eligible, on Form S-3 and shall contain the “Plan of 
Distribution” attached hereto as Annex A. The Company shall cause the 
registration statement to become effective and remain effective as provided 
herein. The Company shall use its best efforts to keep the registration 
statement continuously effective under the Securities Act until all 
Registrable Securities covered by such registration statement have been 
sold, or may be sold without the requirement to be in compliance with Rule 
144(c)(1) and otherwise without restriction or limitation pursuant to Rule 
144, as determined by the counsel to the Company (the “Effectiveness Period
”).
 
(b)        The Company shall bear and pay all expenses incurred in 
connection with any registration, filing or qualification of Registrable 
Securities with respect to the registrations pursuant to this Section 1.2 
for each Investor, including (without limitation) all registration, filing 
and qualification fees, printer’s fees, accounting fees and fees and 
disbursements of counsel for the Company, but excluding any brokerage or 
underwriting fees, discounts and commissions relating to Registrable 
Securities and fees and disbursements of counsel for the Investors.
 
(c)        If at any time during the Effectiveness Period there is not an 
effective Registration Statement covering all of the Registrable 
Securities, then the Company shall notify each Investor in writing at least 
fifteen (15) days prior to the filing of any registration statement under 
the Securities Act, in connection with a public offering of shares of 
Common Stock (including, but not limited to, registration statements 
relating to secondary offerings of securities of the Company but excluding 
any registration statements (i) on Form S-4 or S-8 (or any successor or 
substantially similar form), or of any employee stock option, stock 
purchase or compensation plan or of securities issued or issuable pursuant 
to any such plan, or a dividend reinvestment plan, (ii) otherwise relating 
to any employee, benefit plan or corporate reorganization or other 
transactions covered by Rule 145 promulgated under the Securities Act, 
(iii) on any registration form which does not permit secondary sales or 
does not include substantially the same information as would be required to 
be included in a registration statement covering the resale of the 
Registrable Securities). In the event an Investor desires to include in any 
such registration statement all or any part of the Registrable Securities 
held by such Investor, the Investor shall within ten (10) days after the 
above-described notice from the Company, so notify the Company in writing, 
including the number of such Registrable Securities such Investor wishes to 
include in such registration statement. If an Investor decides not to 
include all of its Registrable Securities in any registration statement 
thereafter filed by the Company such Investor shall nevertheless continue 
to have the right to include any Registrable Securities in any subsequent 
registration statement or registration statements as may be filed by the 
Company with respect to the offering of the securities, all upon the terms 
and conditions set forth herein.
 
1.3 Obligations of the Company. Whenever required under this Section 1 to 
effect the registration of any Registrable Securities, the Company shall, 
as expeditiously as reasonably possible:
 
(a)        Prepare and file with the Commission on or before the Filing 
Date a registration statement with respect to such Registrable Securities 
and use its best efforts to cause such registration statement to become 
effective and to keep such registration statement effective during the 
Effectiveness Period;
 
(b)        Prepare and file with the Commission such amendments and 
supplements to such registration statement and the prospectus used in 
connection with such registration statement as may be necessary to comply 
with the provisions of the Securities Act with respect to the disposition 
of all securities covered by such registration statement;
 
(c)        Furnish to the Investors such numbers of copies of a prospectus, 
including a preliminary prospectus, in conformity with the requirements of 
the Securities Act, and such other documents as they may reasonably request 
in order to facilitate the disposition of Registrable Securities owned by 
them (provided that the Company would not be required to print such 
prospectuses if readily available to Investors from any electronic service, 
such as on the EDGAR filing database maintained at www.sec.gov);
 

 

 

 
(d)        Use its best efforts to register and qualify the securities 
covered by such registration statement under such other securities’ or blue 
sky laws of such jurisdictions as shall be reasonably requested by the 
Investors; provided that the Company shall not be required in connection 
therewith or as a condition thereto to qualify to do business or to file a 
general consent to service of process in any such states or jurisdictions;
 
(e)        In the event of any underwritten public offering, enter into and 
perform its obligations under an underwriting agreement, in usual and 
customary form, with the managing underwriter(s) of such offering (each 
Investor participating in such underwriting shall also enter into and 
perform its obligations under such an agreement);
 
(f)        Promptly notify each Investor holding Registrable Securities 
covered by such registration statement at any time when a prospectus 
relating thereto is required to be delivered under the Securities Act, 
within one business day, (i) of the effectiveness of such registration 
statement, or (ii) of the happening of any event as a result of which the 
prospectus included in such registration statement, as then in effect, 
includes an untrue statement of a material fact or omits to state a 
material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the 
statements therein not misleading in the light of the circumstances then 
existing;
 
(g)        Cause all such Registrable Securities registered pursuant hereto 
to be listed on each securities exchange or nationally recognized quotation 
system on which similar securities issued by the Company are then listed; 
and
 
(h)        Provide a transfer agent and registrar for all Registrable 
Securities registered pursuant hereunder and a CUSIP number for all such 
Registrable Securities, in each case not later than the effective date of 
such registration.
 
1.4        Furnish Information. It shall be a condition precedent to the 
Company’s obligations to take any action pursuant to this Section 1 with 
respect to the Registrable Securities of any selling Investor that such 
Investor shall furnish to the Company such information regarding such 
Investor, the Registrable Securities held by such Investor, and the 
intended method of disposition of such securities in the form attached to 
this Agreement as Annex B, or as otherwise reasonably required by the 
Company or the managing underwriters, if any, to effect the registration of 
such Investor’s Registrable Securities.
 
1.5        Delay of Registration. No Investor shall have any right to 
obtain or seek an injunction restraining or otherwise delaying any such 
registration as the result of any controversy that might arise with respect 
to the interpretation or implementation of this Section 1.
  
1.6        Indemnification.
 
(a)        To the extent permitted by law, the Company will indemnify and 
hold harmless each Investor, any underwriter (as defined in the Securities 
Act), placement agent, and legal advisor for such Investor and each person, 
if any, who controls such Investor or underwriter within the meaning of the 
Securities Act or the Exchange Act, against any losses, claims, damages or 
liabilities (joint or several) to which any of the foregoing persons may 
become subject under the Securities Act, the Exchange Act or other federal 
or state securities law, insofar as such losses, claims, damages or 
liabilities (or actions in respect thereof) arise out of or are based upon 
any of the following statements, omissions or violations (collectively, a “
Violation”): (i) any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a 
material fact contained in a registration statement, including any 
preliminary prospectus or final prospectus contained therein or any 
amendments or supplements thereto (collectively, the “Filings”), (ii) the 
omission or alleged omission to state in the Filings a material fact 
required to be stated therein, or necessary to make the statements therein 
not misleading, or (iii) any violation or alleged violation by the Company 
of the Securities Act, the Exchange Act, any state securities law or any 
rule or regulation promulgated under the Securities Act, the Exchange Act 
or any state securities law; and the Company will pay any legal or other 
expenses reasonably incurred by any person to be indemnified pursuant to 
this Section 1.6(a) in connection with investigating or defending any such 
loss, claim, damage, liability or action; provided, however, that the 
indemnity agreement contained in this Section 1.6(a) shall not apply to 
amounts paid in settlement of any such loss, claim, damage, liability or 
action if such settlement is effected without the consent of the Company 
(which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld), nor shall the Company 
be liable in any such case for any such loss, claim, damage, liability or 
action to the extent that it arises out of or is based upon a Violation 
that occurs in reliance upon and in conformity with written information 
furnished expressly for use in connection with such registration by any 
such Investor, underwriter or controlling person.
 

 

 

 
(b)        To the extent permitted by law, each Investor will indemnify and 
hold harmless the Company, each of its directors, each of its officers who 
has signed the registration statement, each person, if any, who controls 
the Company within the meaning of the Securities Act or the Exchange Act, 
any underwriter, any other Investor selling securities in such registration 
statement and any controlling person of any such underwriter or other 
Investor, against any losses, claims, damages or liabilities (joint or 
several) to which any of the foregoing persons may become subject under the 
Securities Act, the Exchange Act or other federal or state securities law, 
insofar as such losses, claims, damages or liabilities (or actions in 
respect thereto) arise out of or are based upon any Violation, in each case 
to the extent (and only to the extent) that such Violation occurs in 
reliance upon and in conformity with written information furnished by such 
Investor expressly for use in connection with such registration; and each 
such Investor will pay any legal or other expenses reasonably incurred by 
any person to be indemnified pursuant to this Section 1.6(b) in connection 
with investigating or defending any such loss, claim, damage, liability or 
action; provided, however, that the indemnity agreement contained in this 
Section 1.6(b) shall not apply to amounts paid in settlement of any such 
loss, claim, damage, liability or action if such settlement is effected 
without the consent of the Investor (which consent shall not be 
unreasonably withheld); provided, however, in no event shall any indemnity 
under this subsection 1.6(b) exceed the net proceeds received by such 
Investor upon the sale of the Registrable Securities giving rise to such 
indemnification obligation.
 
(c)        Promptly after receipt by an indemnified party under this 
Section 1.6 of notice of the commencement of any action (including any 
governmental action), such indemnified party will, if a claim in respect 
thereof is to be made against any indemnifying party under this Section 
1.6, deliver to the indemnifying party a written notice of the commencement 
thereof and the indemnifying party shall have the right to participate in, 
and, to the extent the indemnifying party so desires, jointly with any 
other indemnifying party similarly noticed, to assume the defense thereof 
with counsel mutually satisfactory to the parties; provided, however, that 
an indemnified party (together with all other indemnified parties that may 
be represented without conflict by one counsel) shall have the right to 
retain one separate counsel, with the fees and expenses to be paid by the 
indemnifying party, if representation of such indemnified party by the 
counsel retained by the indemnifying party would be inappropriate due to 
actual or potential differing interests between such indemnified party and 
any other party represented by such counsel in such proceeding. The failure 
to deliver written notice to the indemnifying party within a reasonable 
time of the commencement of any such action, if materially prejudicial to 
its ability to defend such action, shall relieve such indemnifying party of 
any liability to the indemnified party under this Section 1.6, but the 
omission so to deliver written notice to the indemnifying party will not 
relieve it of any liability that it may have to any indemnified party 
otherwise than under this Section 1.6.
 
(d)        If the indemnification provided for in Sections 1.6(a) and (b) 
is held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be unavailable to an 
indemnified party with respect to any loss, claim, damage or expense 
referred to herein, then the indemnifying party, in lieu of indemnifying 
such indemnified party hereunder, shall contribute to the amount paid or 
payable by such indemnified party as a result of such loss, claim, damage 
or expense in such proportion as is appropriate to reflect the relative 
fault of the indemnifying party on the one hand and of the indemnified 
party on the other in connection with the statements or omissions or 
alleged statements or omissions that resulted in such loss, liability, 
claim or expense as well as any other relevant equitable considerations. 
The relative fault of the indemnifying party and of the indemnified party 
shall be determined by reference to, among other things, whether the untrue 
or alleged untrue statement of a material fact relates to information 
supplied by the indemnifying party or by the indemnified party and the 
parties’ relative intent, knowledge, access to information and opportunity 
to correct or prevent such statement or omission. In no event shall any 
Investor be required to contribute an amount in excess of the net proceeds 
received by such Investor upon the sale of the Registrable Securities 
giving rise to such indemnification obligation.
 
(e)        The obligations of the Company and Investors under this Section 
1.6 shall survive the completion of any offering of Registrable Securities 
in a registration statement under this Section 1, and otherwise.
 

 

 

 
1.7        Reports Under Securities Exchange Act. With a view to making 
available the benefits of certain rules and regulations of the Commission, 
including Rule 144, that may at any time permit an Investor to sell 
securities of the Company to the public without registration or pursuant to 
a registration on Form S-1 or Form S-3, the Company agrees to:
 
(a)        make and keep public information available, as those terms are 
understood and defined in Rule 144, at all times after the Final Closing 
Date;
 
(b)        take such action, including the voluntary registration of its 
Common Stock under Section 12 of the Exchange Act, as is necessary to 
enable the Investors to utilize Form S-1 for the sale of their Registrable 
Securities, such action to be taken as soon as practicable after the end of 
the fiscal year in which the registration statement is declared effective;
 
(c)        file with the Commission in a timely manner all reports and 
other documents required of the Company under the Securities Act and the 
Exchange Act; and
  
1.8        Transfer or Assignment of Registration Rights. The rights to 
cause the Company to register Registrable Securities pursuant to this 
Section 1 may not be transferred or assigned.
 
  	2. 	Legend.
 
(a)        Each certificate representing Shares held by the Investors shall 
be endorsed with the following legend:
 
    “THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE HAVE NOT BEEN
    REGISTERED WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION OR THE
    SECURITIES COMMISSION OF ANY STATE IN RELIANCE UPON AN EXEMPTION FROM
    REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE
    “SECURITIES ACT”), AND, ACCORDINGLY, MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD EXCEPT
    PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES
    ACT OR PURSUANT TO AN AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM, OR IN A TRANSACTION NOT
    SUBJECT TO, THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT AND IN
    ACCORDANCE WITH APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS AS EVIDENCED BY A
    LEGAL OPINION OF COUNSEL TO THE TRANSFEROR TO SUCH EFFECT, THE
    SUBSTANCE OF WHICH SHALL BE REASONABLY ACCEPTABLE TO THE COMPANY. THE
    SECURITIES ISSUABLE UPON EXERCISE OF THIS SECURITY MAY BE PLEDGED IN
    CONNECTION WITH A BONA FIDE MARGIN ACCOUNT OR OTHER LOAN SECURED BY
    SUCH SECURITIES.”
 
(b)        The legend set forth above shall be removed, and the Company 
shall issue a certificate without such legend to the transferee of the 
Shares represented thereby, if, unless otherwise required by state 
securities laws, (i) such Shares have been sold under an effective 
registration statement under the Securities Act, (ii) in connection with a 
sale, assignment or other transfer, such holder provides the Company with 
an opinion of counsel, reasonably acceptable to the Company, to the effect 
that such sale, assignment or transfer is being made pursuant to an 
exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act, or 
(iii) such holder provides the Company with reasonable assurance that the 
Shares are being sold, assigned or transferred pursuant to Rule 144 or Rule 
144A under the Securities Act.
 
  	3. 	Miscellaneous.
 
3.1 Governing Law. This Agreement shall be governed by New York law. The 
parties hereby agree that any dispute which may arise between them arising 
out of or in connection with this Agreement shall be adjudicated only 
before a federal court located in the State of New York and they hereby 
submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the federal and state courts of the 
State of New York with respect to any action or legal proceeding commenced 
by any party, and irrevocably waive any objection they now or hereafter may 
have respecting the venue of any such action or proceeding brought in such 
a court or respecting the fact that such court is an inconvenient forum, 
relating to or arising out of this Agreement or any acts or omissions 
relating to the registration of the securities hereunder, and consent to 
the service of process in any such action or legal proceeding by means of 
registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, in care of the 
address set forth below or such other address as the undersigned shall 
furnish in writing to the other.
 

 

 

 
3.2 WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL. IN ANY ACTION, SUIT, OR PROCEEDING IN ANY 
JURISDICTION BROUGHT BY ANY PARTY AGAINST ANY OTHER PARTY, THE PARTIES EACH 
KNOWINGLY AND INTENTIONALLY, TO THE GREATEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE 
LAW, HEREBY ABSOLUTELY, UNCONDITIONALLY, IRREVOCABLY AND EXPRESSLY WAIVES 
FOREVER TRIAL BY JURY.
 
3.3 Waivers and Amendments. This Agreement may be terminated and any term 
of this Agreement may be amended or waived (either generally or in a 
particular instance and either retroactively or prospectively) with the 
written consent of the Company and Investors holding at least a majority of 
the Registrable Securities then outstanding, (the “Majority Investors”). 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, additional parties may be added as Investors 
under this Agreement, and the definition of Registrable Securities 
expanded, with the written consent of the Company and the Majority 
Investors. No such amendment or waiver shall reduce the aforesaid 
percentage of the Registrable Securities, the holders of which are required 
to consent to any termination, amendment or waiver without the consent of 
the record holders of all of the Registrable Securities. Any termination, 
amendment or waiver effected in accordance with this Section 3.3 shall be 
binding upon each holder of Registrable Securities then outstanding, each 
future holder of all such Registrable Securities and the Company.
 
3.4 Successors and Assigns. Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, 
the provisions of this Agreement shall inure to the benefit of, and be 
binding upon, the successors, assigns, heirs, executors and administrators 
of the parties hereto.
 
3.5 Entire Agreement. This Agreement constitutes the full and entire 
understanding and agreement among the parties with regard to the subject 
matter hereof, and no party shall be liable or bound to any other party in 
any manner by any warranties, representations or covenants except as 
specifically set forth herein.
 
3.6 Notices. All notices and other communications required or permitted 
under this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be delivered personally 
by hand or by overnight courier, mailed by United States first-class mail, 
postage prepaid, sent by facsimile or sent by electronic mail directed (a) 
if to an Investor, at such Investor’s address, facsimile number or 
electronic mail address set forth in the Company’s records, or at such 
other address, facsimile number or electronic mail address as such Investor 
may designate by ten (10) days’ advance written notice to the other parties 
hereto or (b) if to the Company, to its address, facsimile number or 
electronic mail address set forth on its signature page to this Agreement 
and directed to the attention of its President, or at such other address, 
facsimile number or electronic mail address as the Company may designate by 
ten (10) days’ advance written notice to the other parties hereto. All such 
notices and other communications shall be effective or deemed given upon 
delivery, on the date that is three (3) days following the date of mailing, 
upon confirmation of facsimile transfer or upon confirmation of electronic 
mail delivery.
 
3.7 Interpretation. The words “include,” “includes” and “including” when 
used herein shall be deemed in each case to be followed by the words 
“without limitation.” The titles and subtitles used in this Agreement are 
used for convenience only and are not considered in construing or 
interpreting this Agreement.
 
3.8 Severability. If one or more provisions of this Agreement are held to 
be unenforceable under applicable law, such provision shall be excluded 
from this Agreement, and the balance of the Agreement shall be interpreted 
as if such provision were so excluded, and shall be enforceable in 
accordance with its terms. 
 
3.9 Independent Nature of Investors’ Obligations and Rights. The 
obligations of each Investor hereunder are several and not joint with the 
obligations of any other Investor hereunder, and no Investor shall be 
responsible in any way for the performance of the obligations of any other 
Investor hereunder. Nothing contained herein or in any other agreement or 
document delivered at any closing, and no action taken by any Investor 
pursuant hereto or thereto, shall be deemed to constitute the Investors as 
a partnership, an association, a joint venture or any other kind of entity, 
or create a presumption that the Investors are in any way acting in concert 
with respect to such obligations or the transactions contemplated by this 
Agreement. Each Investor shall be entitled to protect and enforce its 
rights, including without limitation the rights arising out of this 
Agreement, and it shall not be necessary for any other Investor to be 
joined as an additional party in any proceeding for such purpose.
 

 

 

 
3.10 Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in any number of 
counterparts, each of which shall be an original, but all of which together 
shall constitute one instrument.
 
3.11 Telecopy Execution and Delivery. A facsimile, telecopy or other 
reproduction of this Agreement may be executed by one or more parties 
hereto, and an executed copy of this Agreement may be delivered by one or 
more parties hereto by facsimile or similar electronic transmission device 
pursuant to which the signature of or on behalf of such party can be seen, 
and such execution and delivery shall be considered valid, binding and 
effective for all purposes. At the request of any party hereto, all parties 
hereto agree to execute an original of this Agreement as well as any 
facsimile, telecopy or other reproduction hereof.
 
 
[SIGNATURE PAGES FOLLOW]
   

 

 

  
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this Agreement to be executed by 
its duly authorized officer, as of the date, month and year first set forth 
above.
 
  	MONSTER DIGITAL, INC.
  	 
  	 
  	By: /s/ David Clarke
  	Name: David Clarke
  	 
  	Title: Chief Executive Officer
  	Address for Notices:
 
 
[COMPANY SIGNATURE PAGE TO REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT]
 

 

 

  
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned Investor has executed this Agreement as 
of the date, month and year that such Investor became the owner of 
Registrable Securities.
 
  	“Investor
  	 
  	Gibralt Capital Corporation”
  	 
  	By: /s/ Stanley Belzberg
  	 
  	Name: Stanley Belzberg
  	 
  	Title: Chief Executive Officer
  	 
  	Address for Notices:
  	 
  	Telephone:
  	Fax:
  	Email:
 
 
[INVESTOR COUNTERPART SIGNATURE PAGE TO REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT]
 

 

 

 
Annex A
 
Plan of Distribution
 
Each selling stockholder of the common stock and any of their pledgees, 
assignees and successors-in-interest may, from time to time, sell any or 
all of their shares of common stock on NASDAQ Capital Market or any other 
stock exchange, market or trading facility on which the shares are traded 
or in private transactions. These sales may be at fixed or negotiated 
prices. A selling stockholder may use any one or more of the following 
methods when selling shares:
 
  	● 	ordinary brokerage transactions and transactions in which the 
broker-dealer solicits purchasers;
  	  	 
  	● 	block trades in which the broker-dealer will attempt to sell the 
shares as agent but may position and resell a portion of the block as 
principal to facilitate the transaction;
  	  	 
  	● 	purchases by a broker-dealer as principal and resale by the 
broker-dealer for its account;
  	  	 
  	● 	an exchange distribution in accordance with the rules of the 
applicable exchange;
  	  	 
  	● 	privately negotiated transactions;
  	  	 
  	● 	settlement of short sales entered into after the effective date of 
the registration statement of which this prospectus is a part;
  	  	 
  	● 	broker-dealers may agree with the selling stockholders to sell a 
specified number of such shares at a stipulated price per share;
  	  	 
  	● 	through the writing or settlement of options or other hedging 
transactions, whether through an options exchange or otherwise;
  	  	 
  	● 	a combination of any such methods of sale; or
  	  	 
  	● 	any other method permitted pursuant to applicable law.
 
The selling stockholders may also sell shares under Rule 144 under the 
Securities Act of 1933, as amended, if available, rather than under this 
prospectus.
 
Broker-dealers engaged by the selling stockholders may arrange for other 
brokers-dealers to participate in sales. Broker-dealers may receive 
commissions or discounts from the selling stockholders (or, if any 
broker-dealer acts as agent for the purchaser of shares, from the 
purchaser) in amounts to be negotiated, but, except as set forth in a 
supplement to this prospectus, in the case of an agency transaction not in 
excess of a customary brokerage commission in compliance with FINRA Rule 
2121; and in the case of a principal transaction a markup or markdown in 
compliance with FINRA Rule 2121.02. 
 
In connection with the sale of the common stock or interests therein, the 
selling stockholders may enter into hedging transactions with 
broker-dealers or other financial institutions, which may in turn engage in 
short sales of the common stock in the course of hedging the positions they 
assume. The selling stockholders may also sell shares of the common stock 
short and deliver these securities to close out their short positions, or 
loan or pledge the common stock to broker-dealers that in turn may sell 
these securities. The selling stockholders may also enter into option or 
other transactions with broker-dealers or other financial institutions or 
the creation of one or more derivative securities which require the 
delivery to such broker-dealer or other financial institution of shares 
offered by this prospectus, which shares such broker-dealer or other 
financial institution may resell pursuant to this prospectus (as 
supplemented or amended to reflect such transaction).
 

 

 

 
The selling stockholders and any broker-dealers or agents that are involved 
in selling the shares may be deemed to be “underwriters” within the meaning 
of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, in connection with such sales. 
In such event, any commissions received by such broker-dealers or agents 
and any profit on the resale of the shares purchased by them may be deemed 
to be underwriting commissions or discounts under the Securities Act of 
1933, as amended. Each selling stockholder has informed us that it does not 
have any written or oral agreement or understanding, directly or 
indirectly, with any person to distribute the common stock.
 
We are required to pay certain fees and expenses incurred by us incident to 
the registration of the shares. We have agreed to indemnify the selling 
stockholders against certain losses, claims, damages and liabilities, 
including liabilities under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.
 
Because selling stockholders may be deemed to be “underwriters” within the 
meaning of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, they will be subject to 
the prospectus delivery requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, as 
amended, including Rule 172 thereunder. In addition, any securities covered 
by this prospectus which qualify for sale pursuant to Rule 144 under the 
Securities Act of 1933, as amended may be sold under Rule 144 rather than 
under this prospectus. There is no underwriter or coordinating broker 
acting in connection with the proposed sale of the resale shares by the 
selling stockholders.
 
We agreed to keep this prospectus effective until the earlier of (i) the 
date on which the shares may be resold by the selling stockholders without 
registration and without the requirement to be in compliance with Rule 
144(c)(1) and otherwise without restriction or limitation pursuant to Rule 
144 or (ii) all of the shares have been sold pursuant to this prospectus or 
Rule 144 under the Securities Act or any other rule of similar effect. The 
resale shares will be sold only through registered or licensed brokers or 
dealers if required under applicable state securities laws. In addition, in 
certain states, the resale shares may not be sold unless they have been 
registered or qualified for sale in the applicable state or an exemption 
from the registration or qualification requirement is available and is 
complied with.
 
Under applicable rules and regulations under the Securities Exchange Act of 
1934, as amended, any person engaged in the distribution of the resale 
shares may not simultaneously engage in market making activities with 
respect to the common stock for the applicable restricted period, as 
defined in Regulation M, prior to the commencement of the distribution. In 
addition, the selling stockholders will be subject to applicable provisions 
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and 
regulations thereunder, including Regulation M, which may limit the timing 
of purchases and sales of shares of the common stock by the selling 
stockholders or any other person. We will make copies of this prospectus 
available to the selling stockholders and have informed them of the need to 
deliver a copy of this prospectus to each purchaser at or prior to the time 
of the sale (including by compliance with Rule 172 under the Securities Act 
of 1933, as amended).
 

 

 

 
Annex B
 
Selling Securityholder Notice and Questionnaire
 
The undersigned beneficial owner of common stock (the “Registrable 
Securities”) of Monster Digital, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the “
Company”), understands that the Company has filed or intends to file with 
the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “Commission”) a registration 
statement (the “Registration Statement”) for the registration and resale 
under Rule 415 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities 
Act”), of the Registrable Securities, in accordance with the terms of the 
Registration Rights Agreement (the “Registration Rights Agreement”) to 
which this document is annexed. A copy of the Registration Rights Agreement 
is available from the Company upon request at the address set forth below. 
All capitalized terms not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings 
ascribed thereto in the Registration Rights Agreement.
 
Certain legal consequences arise from being named as a selling 
securityholder in the Registration Statement and the related prospectus. 
Accordingly, holders and beneficial owners of Registrable Securities are 
advised to consult their own securities law counsel regarding the 
consequences of being named or not being named as a selling securityholder 
in the Registration Statement and the related prospectus.
 
NOTICE
 
The undersigned beneficial owner (the “Selling Securityholder”) of 
Registrable Securities hereby elects to include the Registrable Securities 
owned by it in the Registration Statement.
 
The undersigned hereby provides the following information to the Company 
and represents and warrants that such information is accurate:
 
QUESTIONNAIRE
 
1. 	Name.
  	 
(a) 	Full Legal Name of Selling Securityholder
  	 
  	 
(b) 	Full Legal Name of Registered Holder (if not the same as (a) above) 
through which Registrable Securities are held:
  	 
  	 
(c) 	Full Legal Name of Natural Control Person (which means a natural 
person who directly or indirectly alone or with others has power to vote or 
dispose of the securities covered by this Questionnaire):
  	 
2. 	Address for Notices to Selling Securityholder:
  	 
  	 
  	 
 
Telephone:
Fax:
Contact Person:
 

  	B-12 	 

 

  
3. 	Broker-Dealer Status:
 
(a) Are you a broker-dealer?
 
Yes 	  	No
 
(b) If “yes” to Section 3(a), did you receive your Registrable Securities 
as compensation for investment banking services to the Company?
 
Yes 	  	No
 
Note: If “no” to Section 3(b), the Commission’s staff has indicated that 
you should be identified as an underwriter in the Registration Statement.
 
(c) Are you an affiliate of a broker-dealer?
 
Yes 	  	No
 
(d) If you are an affiliate of a broker-dealer, do you certify that you 
purchased the Registrable Securities in the ordinary course of business, 
and at the time of the purchase of the Registrable Securities to be resold, 
you had no agreements or understandings, directly or indirectly, with any 
person to distribute the Registrable Securities?
 
Yes 	  	No
 
Note: If “no” to Section 3(d), the Commission’s staff has indicated that 
you should be identified as an underwriter in the Registration Statement.
 
4. Beneficial Ownership of Securities of the Company Owned by the Selling 
Securityholder.
 
Except as set forth below in this Item 4, the undersigned is not the 
beneficial or registered owner of any securities of the Company other than 
the securities issuable pursuant to the Subscription Agreement.
 
(a) 	Type and Amount of other securities beneficially owned by the Selling 
Securityholder:
  	 
  	 
 
5. Relationships with the Company:
 
Except as set forth below, neither the undersigned nor any of its 
affiliates, officers, directors or principal equity holders (owners of 5% 
of more of the equity securities of the undersigned) has held any position 
or office or has had any other material relationship with the Company (or 
its predecessors or affiliates) during the past three years.
 
State any exceptions here:
 
 
 
 
The undersigned agrees to promptly notify the Company of any inaccuracies 
or changes in the information provided herein that may occur subsequent to 
the date hereof at any time while the Registration Statement remains 
effective.
 
By signing below, the undersigned consents to the disclosure of the 
information contained herein in its answers to Items 1 through 5 and the 
inclusion of such information in the Registration Statement and the related 
prospectus and any amendments or supplements thereto. The undersigned 
understands that such information will be relied upon by the Company in 
connection with the preparation or amendment of the Registration Statement 
and the related prospectus.
 

 

 

 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF the undersigned, by authority duly given, has caused 
this Notice and Questionnaire to be executed and delivered either in person 
or by its duly authorized agent.
 
Date:
 
  	Beneficial Owner 	  	 
  	  	  	  	 
  	By: 	  	  	 
  	Name: 	  	 
  	Title: 	  	 
 
 
[SIGNATURE PAGE FOR SELLING SECURITYHOLDER NOTICE AND QUESTIONNAIRE]
  

 