 EX-10.21 8 nvls-20161231ex102155e74.htm EX-10.21
Exhibit 10.21

CONFIDENTIAL SEPARATION AGREEMENT AND GENERAL RELEASE
 
This Confidential Separation Agreement and General Release (this “
Agreement”) is entered into by and between Nivalis Therapeutics, Inc. (“
EMPLOYER”) and David M. Rodman, M.D. (“EMPLOYEE”).  For purposes of this 
Agreement, EMPLOYER includes TriNet Group, Inc. (“TriNet”) as well as any 
company related to EMPLOYER, in the past or present; the past and present 
officers, directors, employees, shareholders, attorneys, agents, insurers 
and representatives of EMPLOYER; any present or past employee benefit plan 
sponsored by EMPLOYER and/or the officers, directors, trustees, 
administrators, employees, attorneys, agents, insurers and representatives 
of such plan; and any person who acted on behalf of EMPLOYER or on 
instruction from EMPLOYER.
 
In exchange for the releases and other agreements specified in this 
Agreement, the parties agree as follows:
 
A.EMPLOYEE’S Separation.  EMPLOYEE’s last day of employment is January 15, 
2017 (the “Separation Date”). 
 
B.Separation Pay.    
 
1.EMPLOYEE acknowledges and agrees that EMPLOYEE has received all 
compensation and benefits to which EMPLOYEE is entitled through and 
including the Separation Date, including but not limited to wages and 
accrued but unused vacation/PTO time.  Subject to EMPLOYEE’s compliance 
with the terms and conditions of this Agreement, EMPLOYER will provide 
EMPLOYEE with the additional benefits described below in exchange for 
EMPLOYEE’S release of any and all claims EMPLOYEE may have against 
EMPLOYER. This Agreement is entered into as contemplated by the Employment 
Agreement between EMPLOYER and EMPLOYEE dated April 18, 2016 (the “
Employment Agreement”).
 
2.As consideration for EMPLOYEE’S release of all claims against EMPLOYER, 
and in accordance with the terms of the Employment Agreement, and provided 
EMPLOYEE complies with his/her obligations under this Agreement and the NDA 
(as defined below): (i) EMPLOYER will pay EMPLOYEE the gross sum of Four 
Hundred Fifty Thousand dollars ($450,000.00), less applicable Federal, 
state and local tax withholdings and other amounts required by law to be 
withheld (the “Separation Pay”), (ii) provided that EMPLOYEE is eligible 
and timely elects continuation of his/her health insurance pursuant to 
COBRA, an amount necessary to reimburse EMPLOYEE for the cost of COBRA 
premiums to be paid in order for EMPLOYEE to maintain medical insurance 
coverage through January 15, 2018 that is substantially equivalent to that 
which EMPLOYEE received immediately prior to the Separation Date less the 
amount paid by EMPLOYEE immediately prior to the Separation Date for 
EMPLOYEE’S contribution to premiums for EMPLOYER’S health insurance, 
provided, however, that EMPLOYER’S obligation to pay EMPLOYEE COBRA 
premiums will cease immediately in the event EMPLOYEE becomes eligible for 
group health insurance prior to January 15, 2018, and EMPLOYEE agrees to 
promptly notify EMPLOYER if EMPLOYEE becomes eligible to be covered by 
group health insurance in such event (“COBRA Reimbursement”); (iii) all 
outstanding stock options held by EMPLOYEE shall vest and become 
exercisable in full as of the Effective Date (as defined in Section D.6 
below) (“Option Acceleration”); and (iv) restricted stock units

------------------------------------------------------------------------

 

representing 72,223 shares of Common Stock shall vest and such shares shall 
be issued to you as of the Effective Date (the “RSU Accleration”). 
 
3.The Separation Pay, COBRA Reimbursement, Option Acceleration and the RSU 
Acceleration is in addition to any and all other payments and benefits that 
may be owed to EMPLOYEE by EMPLOYER.  The Separation Pay will be payable in 
twelve substantially equal monthly installments payable on the last 
business day of each month following execution of this Agreement. The COBRA 
Reimbursement will be payable monthly following submission of evidence to 
EMPLOYER of payment of the COBRA premium by EMPLOYEE so long as EMPLOYEE is 
eligible to receive such reimbursement hereunder. Notwithstanding the 
foregoing, no payments will begin sooner than the first business day 
following expiration of the seven (7) day period following the Effective 
Date. EMPLOYEE authorizes EMPLOYER to pay the Separation Pay by direct 
deposit processed through the TriNet Employer Payroll System. 
 
4.In the event of a closing of a Change in Control (as defined in the 
Employment Agreement) prior to expiration of EMPLOYER’s obligations to pay 
the Separation Pay or the COBRA Reimbursement hereunder, EMPLOYER will pay 
EMPLOYEE (i) the remaining amount of the aggregate Separation Pay and (ii) 
the amount of the remaining COBRA Reimbursements plus an amount equal to 
EMPLOYEE’s estimated income tax obligation payable, using a flat rate of 
32%, as a result of the payment in advance of the amount of such remaining 
COBRA Reimbursement, if any, in each case a single lump sum payment to 
EMPLOYEE on or immediately after consummation of such Change in Control.
     
C.EMPLOYEE’S General Release of EMPLOYER.  In exchange for the 
consideration set forth in this Agreement, EMPLOYEE, on behalf of EMPLOYEE 
and his/her heirs, executors, representatives, successors and assigns, 
fully and completely releases and forever discharges EMPLOYER from any and 
all claims, demands, damages, losses, obligations, rights and causes of 
action of every kind and nature whatsoever, whether known or unknown, which 
EMPLOYEE has had, now has, or may have against EMPLOYER at any time through 
the date EMPLOYEE signs this Agreement, with the exception of any claims 
that arise after execution of this Agreement, claims that cannot legally be 
waived, and claims for breach of this Agreement.  Subject to the 
limitations in the immediately preceding sentence, this general release of 
claims includes all claims arising under any Federal, state or local 
statute or ordinance, constitutional provision, public policy or common 
law, including claims under Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 and 
1991, the Age Discrimination in Employment Act of 1967, the Civil Rights 
Act of 1866, the Civil Rights Act of 1871, the Employee Retirement Income 
Security Act (solely with respect to unvested benefits), the Consolidated 
Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act, the Americans with Disabilities Act, the 
Rehabilitation Act of 1973, the Family Medical Leave Act, the Lilly 
Ledbetter Fair Pay Act of 2009, the Genetic Information Non-discrimination 
Act, the Worker Adjustment and Retraining Notification Act, the Fair Credit 
Reporting Act, Colorado Anti-Discrimination Act (Colo. Rev. Stat. § 
24-34-401 et seq.), the Colorado Family Care Act (Colo. Rev. Stat. § 
8-13.3-201 et. seq.), and workers’ compensation non-interference or 
non-retaliation statutes, all as amended; all claims arising under laws 
relating to violation of public policy, retaliation, or interference with 
legal rights; all claims arising under other employment or discrimination 
laws; all claims that a past unlawful decision has or has had a continuing 
effect on my compensation; all claims for compensation of any type 
whatsoever (including but not limited to claims for wages, bonuses, 
commissions, incentive compensation, vacation and/or severance); all claims 
arising under tort, contract and/or quasi-

-2-
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 

contract law; and all claims for monetary or equitable relief, including 
but not limited to attorneys’ fees, back pay, front pay, reinstatement, 
experts’ fees, medical fees or expenses, costs and disbursements. 
 
D.EMPLOYEE’S Specific ADEA Release of EMPLOYER.  EMPLOYEE acknowledges and 
agrees that by entering into this Agreement, he/she is waiving any and all 
rights that he/she may have under the Age Discrimination in Employment Act 
of 1967, as amended (the “ADEA”).  EMPLOYEE further expressly acknowledges 
and agrees that:
 
1.EMPLOYEE is entering into this Agreement voluntarily. 
 
2.EMPLOYEE understands and agrees that, by signing this Agreement, he/she 
is giving up any right to file legal proceedings against the EMPLOYER for 
any claims arising on or before the date EMPLOYEE signs this Agreement.  
EMPLOYEE is not waiving (or giving up) rights or claims that may arise 
after the date EMPLOYEE signs this Agreement.
 
3.In return for this Agreement, EMPLOYEE will receive compensation that is 
in addition to any benefits to which he/she is already entitled to receive.
 
4.EMPLOYEE is hereby advised in writing by this Agreement to consult with 
an attorney before signing this Agreement.
 
5.EMPLOYEE understands that he/she has had at least forty-five (45) 
calendar days from the day he/she received this Agreement, not counting the 
day upon which he/she received it, to consider whether he/she wishes to 
sign this Agreement.  If EMPLOYEE decides to sign this Agreement before the 
end of the forty-five (45) day period, which is solely EMPLOYEE’s choice, 
EMPLOYEE represents that his/her decision is knowing and voluntary and that 
he/she has not been pressured to make a decision sooner.
 
6.EMPLOYEE further understands that he/she may revoke (that is, cancel) 
this Agreement for any reason within seven (7) calendar days after signing 
it.  EMPLOYEE agrees that the revocation must be in writing and 
hand-delivered or mailed to EMPLOYER.  If mailed, the revocation must be 
postmarked within the seven (7) day period, properly addressed to Tom 
Sokolowski, VP Finance, Nivalis Therapeutics, Inc., 3122 Sterling Circle, 
Suite 200, Boulder, CO 80301; and sent by certified mail, return receipt 
requested. This Agreement will not be effective or enforceable until the 
eighth day after EMPLOYEE has signed this Agreement without having revoked 
it (the “Effective Date”).  EMPLOYEE understands that he/she will not 
receive any Separation Pay, the COBRA Reimbursement, the Option 
Acceleration or the RSU Acceleration if he/she revokes this Agreement.
 
7.EMPLOYEE acknowledges that pursuant to the Older Workers Benefit 
Protection Act, he/she has been provided a copy of the disclosure form 
attached as Addendum A.
 
E.Agreement to Release Claims.  Except for an action brought to enforce 
this Agreement, actions which are not waivable as a matter of law or 
actions challenging the validity of EMPLOYEE’s release of claims under the 
ADEA, EMPLOYEE agrees to refrain from initiating or participating in any 
proceeding of any kind against EMPLOYER relating to matters released in 
this

-3-
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 

Agreement.  If any such proceeding has been initiated by EMPLOYEE or on 
his/her behalf, EMPLOYEE shall use his/her best efforts to cause it 
immediately to be withdrawn and dismissed with prejudice.  Notwithstanding 
the foregoing, nothing in this Agreement prohibits EMPLOYEE from filing a 
charge with or participating in an investigation or proceeding by the 
United States Equal Employment Opportunity Commission or any other 
governmental agency, from providing information to a governmental agency, 
or from participating in an investigation conducted by a governmental 
agency.  However, EMPLOYEE understands and agrees that with the exception 
of money provided to EMPLOYEE by a governmental agency as an award for 
providing information, EMPLOYEE is not entitled to receive money or other 
relief (including any money damages, reinstatement or other legal or 
equitable relief) in connection with or on account of any of the claims 
released in this Agreement regardless of who initiated or filed the charge 
or other proceeding.
 
F.No Admission of Liability.  By entering into this Agreement, EMPLOYER 
does not admit that it is legally obligated to make any payment of 
Separation Pay or COBRA Reimbursement to EMPLOYEE or to effect the Option 
Acceleration or the RSU Acceleration and denies that it is responsible or 
legally obligated for any claims or that it has engaged in any improper 
conduct or wrongdoing.
 
G.Confidentiality of Agreement.  EMPLOYEE agrees that EMPLOYEE will not 
disclose any of the terms of or amounts paid under this Agreement to any 
individual or entity; provided, however, that EMPLOYEE will not be 
prohibited from making disclosures to EMPLOYEE’s attorneys, tax advisors 
and/or immediate family members, or as may be required or authorized by law 
or court order, or as may be necessary in providing truthful information to 
a government agency.
 
H.Return of EMPLOYER Property.    By no later than the Separation Date, 
EMPLOYEE shall (1) deliver to EMPLOYER all property belonging to EMPLOYER 
in EMPLOYEE’s possession or control, including but not limited to all keys, 
access cards, credit cards, cell phones, computers, hard drives, flash 
drives, documents, and any other materials belonging to EMPLOYER (including 
but not limited to those that constitute or contain any trade secrets or 
confidential information), together with all copies of the foregoing; and 
(2) delete all electronically stored information containing any trade 
secrets or confidential information stored on any networks, computers or 
information storage devices not owned by EMPLOYER that are within 
EMPLOYEE’s possession or control.
 
I.Non-disparagement.  EMPLOYEE agrees not to make, publish or communicate 
to any person or entity or in any public forum (including social media) at 
any time any defamatory remarks, comments or statements concerning 
EMPLOYER.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, this paragraph does not, in any 
way, restrict or impede EMPLOYEE from exercising protected rights to the 
extent that such rights cannot be waived by agreement or from complying 
with any applicable law or court order.
 
J.Interpretation of Agreement.  This Agreement should be interpreted as 
broadly as possible to achieve EMPLOYEE’S intention to resolve all of 
EMPLOYEE’S claims against EMPLOYER.  If this Agreement is held by a court 
to be inadequate to release a particular claim, this Agreement will remain 
in full force and effect with respect to all of the rest of my released 
claims.
 

-4-
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 

K.Severability.  If any provision of this Agreement is declared by any 
court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid for any reason, such 
invalidity shall not affect the remaining provisions of this Agreement, 
which shall be fully severable, and given full force and effect.
 
L.Governing Law.  This Agreement shall be construed in accordance with the 
laws of the State of Colorado without reference to conflicts of law 
provisions thereunder. 
 
M.Continuing Confidentiality Noncompete Obligations. Regardless of whether 
EMPLOYEE signs this Agreement, EMPLOYEE has continuing obligations under 
his/her Proprietary Information and Inventions Agreement and Noncompete 
Agreement (the “NDA”) and EMPLOYEE acknowledges and affirms such continuing 
obligations under the provisions of the NDA, which shall survive 
termination of EMPLOYEE’S employment.
 
N.Entire Agreement.  This Agreement is the complete understanding between 
the parties regarding the subject matter of this Agreement and supersedes 
all prior agreements relating to the same subject matter.
 
O.Modification; Waiver.  No provision of this Agreement may be amended, 
changed, altered, waived, or modified except in writing signed by each of 
the parties, which writing shall specifically reference this Agreement and 
the provision that the parties intend to modify.
 
P.Counterparts.  This Agreement may be executed in two or more 
counterparts, each of which will be deemed an original, and all of which 
together will constitute one document.
 
[Signature Page Follows]

-5-
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 

The parties hereto have executed this Agreement on the date(s) shown below 
to be effective as of the Effective Date.

                      Nivalis therapeutics, Inc.

                       

                      By: /s/ R. Michael Carruthers

                      Name: R. Michael Carruthers

                      Title: Chief Financial Officer

                      Date: 1/15/17

                       

AGREED TO AND ACCEPTED:

EMPLOYEE

/s/ David M. Rodman, M.D.

Name: David M. Rodman, M.D.

 

Date: 1/15/17

-6-
------------------------------------------------------------------------