 EX-10.1 2 bfdi_101.htm AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER DATED FEBRUARY 10, 
2017
Exhibit 10.1
 
AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER
 
BY AND AMONG
 
KEYSTONE SOLUTIONS, INC.,
a Delaware corporation,
 
NOVUME SOLUTIONS, Inc.,
a Delaware corporation,
 
KEYSTONE MERGER SUB, INC.,
a Delaware corporation,
 
BREKFORD MERGER SUB, INC.,
a Delaware corporation,
 
and
 
BREKFORD CORP,
a Delaware corporation
 
DATED AS OF FEBRUARY 10, 2017
 
 


TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
ARTICLE I
THE MERGERS
2
     Section 1.1.
The Mergers
2
     Section 1.2.
Effective Time
2
     Section 1.3.
Effects of the Mergers
2
     Section 1.4.
Subsequent Actions
3
     Section 1.5.
Certificate of Incorporation; Bylaws; Directors and Officers of Surviving 
Corporations
3
     Section 1.6.
Company Names
3
     Section 1.7.
Company Stockholders’ Agreement
3
ARTICLE II
EFFECT ON THE STOCK OF NOVUME, THE SURVIVING CORPORATIONS AND THE MERGED 
CORPORATIONS
4
     Section 2.1.
Conversion of Securities
4
     Section 2.2.
Conversion of Shares
4
     Section 2.3.
Cancellation of Treasury Shares and of Outstanding Novume Common Stock
5
     Section 2.4.
Conversion of Common Stock and Preferred Stock of the Merged Corporations 
into Common Stock of the Surviving Corporations
5
     Section 2.5.
Exchange of Shares Other Than Treasury Shares
5
     Section 2.6.
Transfer Books
6
     Section 2.7.
No Fractional Shares
6
     Section 2.8.
Options to Purchase Common Stock
7
     Section 2.9.
Certain Adjustments
8
ARTICLE III
CERTAIN MATTERS WITH RESPECT TO NOVUME
8
     Section 3.1.
Certificate of Incorporation of Novume
8
     Section 3.2.
Officers and Directors of Novume
8
ARTICLE IV
REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF BREKFORD
 9
     Section 4.1.
Organization and Qualification; Subsidiaries
9
     Section 4.2.
Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws
9
     Section 4.3.
Capitalization
9
     Section 4.4.
Authority Relative to this Agreement
11
 
 
i

 
 
     Section 4.5.
No Conflict; Required Filings and Consents
11
     Section 4.6.
SEC Filings; Financial Statements
11
     Section 4.7.
No Undisclosed Liabilities; Absence of Certain Changes or Events
12
     Section 4.8.
Litigation
12
     Section 4.9.
No Violation of Law; Permits
13
     Section 4.10.
Registration Statement; Information Statement
14
     Section 4.11.
Employee Matters; ERISA
14
     Section 4.12.
Labor Matters
15
     Section 4.13.
Environmental Matters
16
     Section 4.14.
Board Action; Vote Required
18
     Section 4.15.
Brokers
19
     Section 4.16.
Tax Matters
19
     Section 4.17.
Intellectual Property
20
     Section 4.18.
Insurance
21
     Section 4.19.
Ownership of Securities
21
     Section 4.20.
Certain Contracts
21
     Section 4.21.
Investment Company
22
     Section 4.22.
Certain Plans
22
ARTICLE V
REPRESENTATIONS OF THE COMPANY AND THE MERGER SUBSIDIARIES
22
     Section 5.1.
Organization and Qualification; Subsidiaries
22
     Section 5.2.
Certificate of Incorporation, Certificate of Designations and Bylaws
23
     Section 5.3.
Capitalization
23
     Section 5.4.
Authority Relative to this Agreement
24
     Section 5.5.
No Conflict; Required Filings and Consents
24
     Section 5.6.
SEC Filings; Financial Statements
25
     Section 5.7.
No Undisclosed Liabilities; Absence of Certain Changes or Events
26
     Section 5.8.
No Violation of Law; Permits
26
     Section 5.9.
Registration Statement; Information Statement
26
     Section 5.10.
Board Action; Vote Required
27
     Section 5.11.
[Reserved]
27
     Section 5.12.
Brokers
27
 
 
ii

 
 
     Section 5.13.
Ownership of Securities
27
     Section 5.14.
Activities of Merger Subsidiaries
27
     Section 5.15.
Litigation
28
     Section 5.16.
Employee Matters; ERISA
28
     Section 5.17.
Tax Matters
29
     Section 5.18.
Intellectual Property
31
     Section 5.19.
Certain Contracts
31
     Section 5.20.
Investment Company
32
     Section 5.21.
Certain Plans
32
ARTICLE VI
CONDUCT OF BUSINESS PENDING THE MERGERS
32
     Section 6.1.
Conduct of Business of Brekford
32
     Section 6.2.
Conduct of Business of the Company
35
     Section 6.3.
Exclusivity
38
     Section 6.4.
Subsequent Financial Statements
39
     Section 6.5.
Control of Operations
39
ARTICLE VII
ADDITIONAL AGREEMENTS
39
     Section 7.1.
Registration Statement; Information Statement
39
     Section 7.2.
Stockholders’ Approval; Consummation of the Mergers
39
     Section 7.3.
Additional Agreements
40
     Section 7.4.
Notification of Certain Matters
40
     Section 7.5.
Access to Information
41
     Section 7.6.
Public Announcements
41
     Section 7.7.
Indemnification; Directors’ and Officers’ Insurance
42
     Section 7.8.
Employee Benefit Plans
42
     Section 7.9.
Management and Employment Arrangements
43
     Section 7.10.
Stock Exchange Listing
43
     Section 7.11.
Sale of Upfitting Business
43
     Section 7.12.
Post-Merger Novume Board of Directors
43
     Section 7.13.
Registration Rights
44
     Section 7.14.
Affiliates
44
     Section 7.15.
Blue Sky
44
     Section 7.16.
Compliance
44
     Section 7.17.
Key Stockholder Agreements
44
 
 
iii

 
 
     Section 7.18.
Continuation of Historic Business
44
ARTICLE VIII
CONDITIONS TO MERGERS
45
     Section 8.1.
Conditions to the Obligations of Each Party to Effect the Mergers
45
     Section 8.2.
Additional Conditions to Obligations of the Company
46
     Section 8.3.
Additional Conditions to Obligations of Brekford
47
ARTICLE IX
TERMINATION, AMENDMENT AND WAIVER
48
     Section 9.1.
Termination
48
     Section 9.2.
Effect of Termination
49
     Section 9.3.
Amendment
50
     Section 9.4.
Waiver
50
ARTICLE X
GENERAL PROVISIONS
50
     Section 10.1.
Non-Survival of Representations, Warranties and Agreements
50
     Section 10.2.
Notices
51
     Section 10.3.
Expenses
81
     Section 10.4.
Certain Definitions
81
     Section 10.5.
Headings
52
     Section 10.6.
Severability
52
     Section 10.7.
Entire Agreement; No Third-Party Beneficiaries
53
     Section 10.8.
Assignment
53
     Section 10.9.
Governing Law
53
     Section 10.10.
Counterparts
53
                      

                      

 
iv


AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER


THIS AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER, dated as of February 10, 2017 (the “
Agreement”), is entered into by and among KeyStone Solutions, Inc., a 
Delaware corporation (the “Company”), Novume Solutions, Inc., a Delaware 
corporation and a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company (“Novume”), 
KeyStone Merger Sub, Inc., a Delaware corporation and a wholly-owned 
subsidiary of Novume (“Company Merger Sub”), Brekford Merger Sub, Inc., a 
Delaware corporation and a wholly-owned subsidiary of Novume (“Brekford 
Merger Sub”), and Brekford Corp., a Delaware corporation (“Brekford” and, 
together with the Company, Novume, Company Merger Sub and Brekford Merger 
Sub, each a “Party” and collectively the “Parties”).


WHEREAS, the Boards of Directors of the Company and Brekford have each 
determined that it is in the best interests of the stockholders of the 
Company and Brekford, respectively, that each such corporation become a 
subsidiary of Novume pursuant to the Mergers (as defined in Section 1.1 
hereof) and desire to make certain representations, warranties and 
agreements in connection with the Mergers;


WHEREAS, the Company and Brekford are unwilling to enter into this 
Agreement (and effect the transactions contemplated hereby) unless, 
contemporaneously with the execution and delivery hereof, certain record 
and beneficial holders of shares of the common stock, par value $0.0001 per 
share, of the Company (“Company Common Stock”), and certain record and 
beneficial holders of shares of the common stock, par value $0.0001 per 
share, of Brekford (“Brekford Common Stock”), as applicable, enter into 
agreements (the “Key Stockholder Agreements”) providing for certain matters 
with respect to their shares of Company Common Stock and Brekford Common 
Stock, as applicable (including, without limitation, subject to the express 
provisions and conditions of those agreements, to vote such shares in favor 
of the Mergers (as defined in Section 1.1 hereof));


WHEREAS, for federal income tax purposes, it is intended that the formation 
of Novume and the Mergers shall constitute one or more integrated tax-free 
transactions under Section 368 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as 
amended (the “Code”);


WHEREAS, Brekford has delivered to the Company and Novume a letter 
identifying all persons (each, a “Brekford Affiliate”) who are, at the date 
hereof, “affiliates” of Brekford for purposes of Rule 145 under the 1933 
Act (as defined in Section 10.4 hereof), and each Brekford Affiliate has 
delivered to the Company and Novume a letter (each, a “Brekford Affiliate 
Letter”) relating to (i) the transfer, prior to the Effective Time (as 
defined in Section 1.2 hereof), of the shares of Brekford Common Stock 
beneficially owned by such Brekford Affiliate on the date hereof, (ii) the 
transfer of the shares of Novume Common Stock to be received by such 
Brekford Affiliate in the Brekford Merger and (iii) the obligations of each 
such Brekford Affiliate to deliver to Sichenzia Ross Ference Kesner LLP (“
SRFK”), counsel to Brekford, a certificate requested by such firm (if 
requested); and


WHEREAS, the Company has delivered to Brekford and Novume a letter 
identifying all persons (each, a “Company Affiliate”) who are, at the date 
hereof, “affiliates” of the Company for purposes of Rule 145 under the 1933 
Act, and each Company Affiliate has delivered to Brekford and Novume a 
letter (each, a “Company Affiliate Letter”) relating to (i) the transfer, 
prior to the Effective Time, of the shares of Company Common Stock and 
Company Preferred Stock beneficially owned by such Company Affiliate on the 
date hereof, (ii) the transfer of the shares of Novume Common Stock and 
Novume Preferred Stock to be received by such Company Affiliate in the 
Company Merger and (iii) the obligations of each such Company Affiliate to 
deliver to Crowell & Moring LLP, counsel to the Company, a certificate 
requested by such firm (if requested).
 
1

 


NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual agreements and covenants set 
forth herein, the Parties hereby agree as follows:


ARTICLE I
THE MERGERS


Section 1.1. The Mergers. At the Effective Time, and subject to and upon 
the terms and conditions of this Agreement, (a) the Company shall be merged 
with and into Company Merger Sub in accordance with the Delaware General 
Corporation Law (“Delaware Law”), the separate corporate existence of the 
Company shall cease, and Company Merger Sub shall continue as the surviving 
corporation (the “Company Merger”), and (b) Brekford Merger Sub shall be 
merged with and into Brekford in accordance with Delaware Law, the separate 
corporate existence of Brekford Merger Sub shall cease, and Brekford shall 
continue as the surviving corporation (the “Brekford Merger”).The Company 
Merger and the Brekford Merger are herein collectively referred to as the “
Mergers” and each individually as a “Merger.” The Company Merger Sub and 
Brekford as the surviving corporations after the Mergers are herein 
sometimes collectively referred to as the “Surviving Corporations” and each 
individually as a “Surviving Corporation” and the Company and Brekford 
Merger Sub as the non-surviving corporations after the Mergers are herein 
sometimes collectively referred to as the “Merged Corporations” and each 
individually as a “Merged Corporation.”


Section 1.2. Effective Time. As promptly as practicable after the 
satisfaction or waiver of the conditions set forth in ARTICLE VIII hereof 
and the consummation of the Closing referred to in Section 7.2(c) hereof, 
the Parties shall cause the Mergers to be consummated concurrently by 
filing a Certificate of Merger with the Secretary of State of the State of 
Delaware with respect to each of the Mergers, in such form as required by, 
and executed in accordance with, the relevant provisions of Delaware Law 
(the effective time of such filings being the “Effective Time”).


Section 1.3. Effects of the Mergers. At the Effective Time, the effect of 
the Mergers shall be as provided in the applicable provisions of Delaware 
Law. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, and subject thereto, 
at the Effective Time, (a) all of the property, rights, privileges, powers 
and franchises of the Company and Company Merger Sub shall continue with, 
or vest in, as the case may be, Company Merger Sub as the Surviving 
Corporation, and all debts, liabilities and duties of the Company and 
Company Merger Sub shall be, or become, as the case may be, the debts, 
liabilities and duties of Company Merger Sub as the Surviving Corporation, 
and (b) all of the property, rights, privileges, powers and franchises of 
Brekford and Brekford Merger Sub shall continue with, or vest in, as the 
case may be, Brekford as the Surviving Corporation, and all debts, 
liabilities and duties of Brekford and Brekford Merger Sub shall continue 
to be, or become, as the case may be, the debts, liabilities and duties of 
Brekford as the Surviving Corporation. As of the Effective Time, each of 
the Surviving Corporations shall be a direct, wholly-owned Subsidiary of 
Novume.


 
2

 
Section 1.4. Subsequent Actions. If, at any time after the Effective Time, 
either of the Surviving Corporations shall consider or be advised that any 
deeds, bills of sale, assignments, assurances or any other actions or 
things are necessary or desirable to continue in, vest, perfect or confirm 
of record or otherwise in such Surviving Corporation its right, title or 
interest in, to or under any of the rights, properties, privileges, 
franchises or assets of either of its constituent corporations acquired or 
to be acquired by such Surviving Corporation as a result of, or in 
connection with, one of the Mergers or otherwise to carry out this 
Agreement, the officers and directors of such Surviving Corporation shall 
be directed and authorized to execute and deliver, in the name and on 
behalf of either of such constituent corporations, all such deeds, bills of 
sale, assignments and assurances and to take and do, in the name and on 
behalf of each of such corporations or otherwise, all such other actions 
and things as may be necessary or desirable to vest, perfect or confirm any 
and all right, title and interest in, to and under such rights, properties, 
privileges, franchises or assets in such Surviving Corporation or otherwise 
to carry out this Agreement.


Section 1.5. Certificate of Incorporation; Bylaws; Directors and Officers 
of Surviving Corporations. At the Effective Time:


(a) the Certificate of Incorporation of Company Merger Sub as a Surviving 
Corporation as in effect immediately prior to the Effective Time shall be 
the Certificate of Incorporation of Company Merger Sub, and the Certificate 
of Incorporation of Brekford Merger Sub as in effect immediately prior to 
the Effective Time shall be the Certificate of Incorporation of Brekford as 
a Surviving Corporation, in each case until thereafter amended as provided 
by law and such Certificates of Incorporation;


(b) the respective Bylaws of each of Company Merger Sub and Brekford Merger 
Sub shall be the Bylaws of the Company Merger Sub and the Brekford, 
respectively, as Surviving Corporations, immediately prior to the Effective 
Time, in each case until thereafter amended as provided by law and the 
Certificates of Incorporation and such Bylaws of such Surviving 
Corporation; and


(c) the officers of each of Company Merger Sub and Brekford, respectively, 
as Surviving Corporations shall be designated and appointed upon mutual 
agreement of the Parties prior to the Effective Time. Such persons shall 
serve as the officers of Company Merger Sub and Brekford, respectively, as 
Surviving Corporations from and after the Effective Time until their 
successors are elected or appointed and qualified or until their 
resignation or removal.


Section 1.6. Company Names. At the Effective Time, the name of KeyStone 
Merger Sub shall be changed to “KeyStone Solutions, Inc.” and the name of 
Brekford shall be changed to “Brekford Traffic Safety, Inc.”


Section 1.7. Company Stockholders’ Agreement. As of the Effective Time, 
that certain stockholders’ agreement dated March 16, 2016, as amended (the 
“Stockholders’ Agreement”), by and among Robert Berman, Avon Road Partners, 
L.P., James McCarthy, Richard Nathan, Gregory McCarthy and Kevin Berrigan 
shall be terminated.


 
3

 
ARTICLE II
EFFECT ON THE STOCK OF NOVUME, THE SURVIVING
CORPORATIONS AND THE MERGED CORPORATIONS


Section 2.1. Conversion of Securities. The manner and basis of converting 
the shares of common stock of Novume, the Surviving Corporations and of the 
Merged Corporations at the Effective Time, by virtue of the Mergers and 
without any action on the part of any of the Parties or the holder of any 
of such securities, shall be as hereinafter set forth in this ARTICLE II.


Section 2.2. Conversion of Shares.


(a) Each share of Company Common Stock issued and outstanding immediately 
before the Effective Time (other than those held in the treasury of the 
Company) and all rights in respect thereof, shall at the Effective Time, 
without any action on the part of any holder thereof, forthwith cease to 
exist and be converted into and become exchangeable for, 1.9975 shares of 
common stock, par value $0.0001 per share (“Novume Common Stock”), of 
Novume, and each share of Series A Cumulative Convertible Redeemable 
Preferred Stock (“Company Preferred Stock”) of the Company issued and 
outstanding immediately before the Effective Time and all rights in respect 
thereof, shall at the Effective Time, without any action on the part of any 
holder thereof, forthwith cease to exists and be converted into and become 
exchangeable for, 1. shares of Series A Cumulative Convertible Redeemable 
Preferred Stock (“Novume Preferred Stock”), of Novume (collectively, the “
Company Merger Consideration”, and such ratio of Company Common Stock to 
Novume Common Stock and Company Preferred Stock to Novume Preferred Stock 
being herein referred to as the “Company Exchange Ratio”). Fractional 
shares of Novume Common Stock and Novume Preferred Stock will not be issued 
in connection with the Company Merger. For a discussion of the treatment of 
fractional shares that would otherwise be issued, see Section 2.7.


(b) Each share of Brekford Common Stock issued and outstanding immediately 
before the Effective Time (other than those held in the treasury of 
Brekford) and all rights in respect thereof, shall at the Effective Time, 
without any action on the part of any holder thereof, forthwith cease to 
exist and be converted into and become exchangeable for the right to 
receive 1/15th of one share (the “Brekford Exchange Ratio”) of Novume 
Common Stock (the “Brekford Merger Consideration”). Fractional shares of 
Novume Common Stock will not be issued in connection with the Brekford 
Merger. For a discussion of the treatment of fractional shares that would 
otherwise be issued, see Section 2.7.


(c) Commencing immediately after the Effective Time, each certificate 
which, immediately prior to the Effective Time, represented issued and 
outstanding shares of Company Common Stock or Company Preferred Stock 
(together, “Company Shares”) or Brekford Common Stock (“Brekford Shares” 
and, together with the Company Shares, the “Shares”), shall evidence the 
right to receive the Company Merger Consideration or the Brekford Merger 
Consideration, as the case may be, on the basis hereinbefore set forth, but 
subject to the limitations set forth in Sections 2.3, 2.5, 2.7, 2.8 and 
2.9 hereof.


 
4

 
Section 2.3. Cancellation of Treasury Shares and of Outstanding Novume 
Common Stock.


(a) At the Effective Time, each share of Company Common Stock and Company 
Preferred Stock held in the treasury of the Company immediately prior to 
the Effective Time, and each share of Brekford Common Stock held in the 
treasury of Brekford immediately prior to the Effective Time, shall be 
cancelled and retired and no shares of stock or other securities of Novume 
or either of the Surviving Corporations shall be issuable, and no payment 
or other consideration shall be made, with respect thereto.


(b) At the Effective Time, the shares of Novume Common Stock held by the 
Company shall be cancelled and retired and no shares of stock or other 
securities of Novume or any other corporation shall be issuable, and no 
payment or other consideration shall be made, with respect thereto.


Section 2.4. Conversion of Common Stock and Preferred Stock of the Merged 
Corporations into Common Stock of the Surviving Corporations.


(a)           At the Effective Time, each share of common stock of Brekford 
Merger Sub issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time, 
and all rights in respect thereof, shall, without any action on the part of 
Novume, forthwith cease to exist and be converted into 1,000 validly 
issued, fully paid and nonassessable shares of common stock of Brekford, as 
one of the Surviving Corporations (or such greater number as the Company 
shall determine prior to the Effective Time). Immediately after the 
Effective Time and upon surrender by Novume of the certificate representing 
the shares of the common stock of Brekford Merger Sub, Brekford as one of 
the Surviving Corporations shall deliver to Novume an appropriate 
certificate or certificates representing the common stock of Brekford 
created by conversion of the common stock of Brekford Merger Sub owned by 
Novume as aforesaid.


Section 2.5. Exchange of Shares Other Than Treasury Shares. Subject to the 
terms and conditions hereof, at or prior to the Effective Time, Novume 
shall appoint an exchange agent to effect the exchange of Shares for Novume 
Common Stock and Novume Preferred Stock in accordance with the provisions 
of this ARTICLE II (the “Exchange Agent”). From time to time after the 
Effective Time, Novume shall deposit, or cause to be deposited, (i) 
certificates representing Novume Common Stock for conversion of Shares in 
accordance with the provisions of Section 2.2 hereof and (ii) certificates 
representing Novume Preferred Stock for conversion of Shares in accordance 
with the provisions of Section 2.2 hereof (such certificates, together with 
any dividends or distributions with respect thereto, being herein referred 
to collectively as the “Exchange Fund”). Commencing immediately after the 
Effective Time and until the appointment of the Exchange Agent shall be 
terminated, each holder of a certificate or certificates theretofore 
representing Shares may surrender the same to the Exchange Agent, and, 
after the appointment of the Exchange Agent shall be terminated, any such 
holder may surrender any such certificate to Novume. Such holder shall be 
entitled upon such surrender to receive in exchange therefor a certificate 
or certificates representing the number of full shares of Novume Common 
Stock or Novume Preferred Stock, as applicable, into which the Shares 
theretofore represented by the certificate or certificates so surrendered 
shall have been converted in accordance with the provisions of Section 2.2 
hereof. All such shares of Novume Common Stock or Novume Preferred Stock, 
as applicable, issued in accordance with the immediately preceding sentence 
shall be deemed to have been issued at the Effective Time. Until so 
surrendered and exchanged, each outstanding certificate which, prior to the 
Effective Time, represented issued and outstanding Shares shall be deemed 
for all corporate purposes of the Parties, other than the payment of 
dividends and other distributions, if any, to represent the right to 
receive the Company Merger Consideration or the Brekford Merger 
Consideration, as the case may be. Unless and until any such certificate 
theretofore representing Shares is so surrendered, no dividend or other 
distribution, if any, payable to the holders of record of Novume Common 
Stock or Novume Preferred Stock as of any date subsequent to the Effective 
Time shall be paid to the holder of such certificate in respect thereof. 
Upon the surrender of any such certificate theretofore representing Shares, 
however, the record holder of the certificate or certificates representing 
shares of Novume Common Stock or Novume Preferred Stock issued in exchange 
therefor shall receive from the Exchange Agent or from Novume, as the case 
may be, payment of the amount of dividends and other distributions, if any, 
which as of any date subsequent to the Effective Time and until such 
surrender shall have become payable with respect to such number of shares 
of Novume Common Stock or Novume Preferred Stock (“Pre-Surrender Dividends
”). No interest shall be payable with respect to the payment of 
Pre-Surrender Dividends, upon the surrender of certificates theretofore 
representing Shares. After the appointment of the Exchange Agent shall have 
been terminated, such holders of Novume Common Stock that have not received 
payment of Pre- Surrender Dividends, shall look only to Novume for payment 
thereof. Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Section 2.5, 
neither the Exchange Agent nor any Party shall be liable to a holder of 
Shares for any Novume Common Stock or Novume Preferred Stock or dividends 
or distributions thereon delivered to a public official pursuant to any 
applicable abandoned property, escheat or similar law or to a transferee 
pursuant to Section 2.6 hereof.


 
5

 
Section 2.6. Transfer Books. The stock transfer books of the Company with 
respect to the Company Shares and the stock transfer books of Brekford with 
respect to the Brekford Shares shall each be closed at the Effective Time 
and no transfer of any Shares will thereafter be recorded on any of such 
stock transfer books. In the event of a transfer of ownership of Shares 
that is not registered in the stock transfer records of the Company or 
Brekford, as the case may be, at the Effective Time, cash and/or a 
certificate or certificates representing the number of full shares of 
Novume Common Stock or Novume Preferred Stock, as applicable, into which 
such Shares shall have been converted in accordance with Section 2.2 
hereof shall be issued to the transferee in accordance with Section 2.7 
hereof, and a cash payment in the amount of Pre-Surrender Dividends, if 
any, in accordance with Section 2.5 hereof, if the certificate or 
certificates representing such Shares is or are surrendered as provided in 
Section 2.5 hereof, accompanied by all documents required to evidence and 
effect such transfer and by evidence of payment of any applicable stock 
transfer tax.


Section 2.7. No Fractional Shares.
(a) No scrip or fractional share certificate for Novume Common Stock or 
Novume Preferred Stock will be issued upon the surrender for exchange of 
certificates evidencing Shares. Any such fractional shares that would have 
been issued shall be rounded up to the nearest whole share and such whole 
share shall be issued.


(b) None of Novume, the Company or Brekford shall be liable to any holder 
of Shares or Novume Common Stock or Novume Preferred Stock, as the case may 
be, for such shares (or dividends or distributions with respect thereto) 
delivered to a public official pursuant to any applicable abandoned 
property, escheat or similar law.


 
6

 
Section 2.8. Options and Warrants to Purchase Common Stock.


(a) At the Effective Time, each option granted by the Company to purchase 
shares of Company Common Stock (each, a “Company Option”), or by Brekford 
to purchase shares of Brekford Common Stock (each, a “Brekford Option” and, 
together with the Company Options, “Options”), which is outstanding and 
unexercised immediately prior to the Effective Time, shall be assumed by 
Novume and converted into an option (a “Novume Option”) to purchase shares 
of Novume Common Stock in such amount and at such exercise price as 
provided below and otherwise having the same terms and conditions as are in 
effect immediately prior to the Effective Time:


(i) the number of shares of Novume Common Stock to be subject to the Novume 
Option shall be equal to the product of (x) the number of shares of Company 
Common Stock or Brekford Common Stock subject to the original Option and 
(y) the Company Exchange Ratio or the Brekford Exchange Ratio, as 
applicable;


(ii) the exercise price per share of Novume Common Stock under the Novume 
Option shall be equal to (x) the exercise price per share of the Company 
Common Stock or Brekford Common Stock under the original Option divided by 
(y) the Company Exchange Ratio or the Brekford Exchange Ratio, as 
applicable; and


(iii) upon each exercise of Novume Options by a holder thereof, the 
aggregate number of shares of Novume Common Stock deliverable upon such 
exercise shall be rounded down, if necessary, to the nearest whole share 
and the aggregate exercise price shall be rounded up, if necessary, to the 
nearest cent. The adjustments provided herein with respect to any Options 
which are “incentive stock options” (as defined in Section 422 of the Code) 
shall be effected in a manner consistent with Section 424(a) of the Code.


(b) Novume shall take all corporate action necessary to reserve for 
issuance a sufficient number of shares of Novume Common Stock for delivery 
upon exercise of Novume Options in accordance with this Section 2.8. As 
soon as practicable (and in no event later than thirty (30) days) after the 
Effective Time, Novume shall file a registration statement on Form S-8 (or 
any successor or other appropriate forms), or another appropriate form with 
respect to the shares of Novume Common Stock subject to the Novume Options 
and shall use its best efforts to maintain the effectiveness of such 
registration statement or registration statements (and maintain the current 
status of the prospectus or prospectuses contained therein) for so long as 
the Novume Options remain outstanding.


(c) At the Effective Time, each outstanding warrant to purchase shares of 
Company Common Stock (each, a “Company Warrant”), or to purchase shares of 
Brekford Common Stock (each, a “Brekford Warrant” and, together with the 
Company Warrants, the “Warrants”), which is outstanding and unexercised 
immediately prior to the Effective Time, shall be assumed by Novume and 
converted into a warrant to purchase shares of Novume Common Stock (a “
Novume Warrants”) in such amount and at such exercise price as provided 
below and otherwise having the same terms and conditions as are in effect 
immediately prior to the Effective Time:


 
7

 
(i) the number of shares of Novume Common Stock issuable upon exercise of 
each Novume Warrant shall be equal to the product of (x) the number of 
shares of Company Common Stock or Brekford Common Stock issuable upon 
exercise of the original Warrant and (y) the Company Exchange Ratio or the 
Brekford Exchange Ratio, as applicable;


(ii) the exercise price per share of Novume Common Stock under the Novume 
Warrants shall be equal to (x) the exercise price per share of the Company 
Common Stock or Brekford Common Stock under the original Warrant divided by 
(y) the Company Exchange Ratio or the Brekford Exchange Ratio, as 
applicable; and


(iii)     upon each exercise of Novume Warrants by a holder thereof, the 
aggregate number of shares of Novume Common Stock deliverable upon such 
exercise shall be rounded down, if necessary, to the nearest whole share 
and the aggregate exercise price shall be rounded up, if necessary, to the 
nearest cent.


Section 2.9. Certain Adjustments. Without limiting any other provision of 
this Agreement, if, between the date of this Agreement and the Effective 
Time, the outstanding shares of Company Common Stock or of Brekford Common 
Stock shall be changed into a different number of shares by reason of any 
reclassification, recapitalization, split-up, combination or exchange of 
shares, or any dividend payable in stock or other securities shall be 
declared thereon with a record date within such period, the exchange ratio 
established pursuant to the provisions of Section 2.2 hereof shall be 
adjusted accordingly to provide to the holders of Company Common Stock and 
Brekford Common Stock the same economic effect as contemplated by this 
Agreement prior to such reclassification, recapitalization, split-up, 
combination, exchange or dividend.


ARTICLE III
CERTAIN MATTERS WITH RESPECT TO NOVUME


Section 3.1. Certificate of Incorporation of Novume. Prior to the Effective 
Time, the Company shall cause the Certificate of Incorporation of Novume to 
be amended and restated to read substantially as set forth in Appendix I 
hereto, and shall cause Novume to file with the Secretary of State of the 
State of Delaware a Certificate of Designations of the Novume Preferred 
Stock containing terms substantially identical to the Certificate of 
Designations of the Company Preferred Stock filed with the Secretary of 
State of the State of Delaware as of the date hereof, but in any event, 
which shall provide rights, preferences and privileges to the holders of 
Novume Preferred Stock that are no less favorable to such holders than 
those currently provided to the holders of Company Preferred Stock.


Section 3.2. Officers and Directors of Novume.


(a) At the Effective Time, Robert A. Berman shall have been appointed the 
Chief Executive Officer of Novume; such other persons shall have been 
appointed officers of Novume as are designated by the Board of Directors of 
the Company as it exists immediately prior to the Effective Time.


 
8

 
(b) At the Effective Time, the Novume Board shall consist of seven (7) 
members, four (4) of whom shall be independent within the meaning of the 
1934 Act, and the national stock exchange to which the Company has applied 
for the listing of Novume Common Stock as described in Section 7.10. Six 
(6) members of the Novume Board shall be designated by the Company, and one 
(1) member of the Novume Board shall be designated by Brekford, subject to 
the approval of KeyStone. The members designated by the Company are James 
McCarthy, who shall serve as Chairman, Robert A. Berman, Dr. Richard 
Nathan, Glenn Goord, Paul DeBary and one additional independent director 
who shall be designated by the Company prior to the Effective Time. The 
member to be designated by Brekford shall be independent, as provided 
herein, and shall be subject to the approval by the Company; such member 
shall be identified by Brekford and approved by the Company prior to the 
Effective Time. As of the date hereof, Glenn Goord and Paul DeBary are 
independent as provided herein, and shall so remain, as and at the 
Effective Time.


ARTICLE IV
REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF BREKFORD


Brekford hereby represents and warrants to the Company and Novume as 
follows:


Section 4.1. Organization and Qualification; Subsidiaries. Each of Brekford 
and its Subsidiaries is a corporation duly organized, validly existing and 
in good standing under the laws of its jurisdiction of incorporation or 
organization. Each of Brekford and its Subsidiaries has the requisite 
corporate power and authority and any necessary governmental authority, 
franchise, license or permit to own, operate or lease the properties that 
it purports to own, operate or lease and to carry on its business as it is 
now being conducted, and is duly qualified as a foreign corporation to do 
business, and is in good standing, in each jurisdiction where the character 
of its properties owned, operated or leased or the nature of its activities 
makes such qualification necessary, except for such failure which, when 
taken together with all other such failures, would not reasonably be 
expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on Brekford. Brekford’s 
Subsidiaries are listed on Schedule 4.1 hereto.


Section 4.2. Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws. Brekford has 
heretofore furnished, or otherwise made available, to the Company a 
complete and correct copy of the Certificate, or Articles, of 
Incorporation, as applicable, and the Bylaws (or comparable governing 
documents), each as amended to the date hereof, of Brekford and each of its 
Subsidiaries. Such Certificate and Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws (or 
comparable governing documents) are in full force and effect. Neither 
Brekford nor any of its Subsidiaries is in violation of any of the 
provisions of its respective Certificate or Articles Incorporation, as 
applicable, or its Bylaws (or comparable governing documents).


Section 4.3. Capitalization.


(a) The authorized capital stock of Brekford consists of (i) 20,000,000 
shares of preferred stock, par value $0.0001 per share, none of which are 
outstanding and none of which are reserved for issuance and (ii) 
150,000,000 shares of Brekford Common Stock, of which, as of February 8, 
2017, 49,311,265 shares were issued and outstanding and 1,390,000 shares 
were issuable upon the exercise of options outstanding under the Brekford 
option plans listed on Schedule 4.3 hereto. Since January 1, 2017, no 
shares of Brekford Common Stock have been issued, except upon the exercise 
of options described in the immediately preceding sentence. Except as set 
forth on Schedule 4.3, there are no outstanding Brekford Equity Rights. For 
purposes of this Agreement, “Brekford Equity Rights” shall mean 
subscriptions, options, warrants, calls, commitments, agreements, 
conversion rights or other rights of any character (contingent or 
otherwise) to purchase or otherwise acquire from Brekford or any of 
Brekford’s Subsidiaries at any time, or upon the happening of any stated 
event, any shares of the capital stock of Brekford. Schedule 4.3 sets forth 
a complete and accurate list with respect to all outstanding Brekford 
Equity Rights of the holder thereof, the date of grant, the number of 
shares for which each such Brekford Equity Right is exercisable, the 
respective dates upon which each such Brekford Equity Right vests, becomes 
exercisable and expires, and the exercise price of each such Brekford 
Equity Right.


 
9

 
(b) There are no outstanding obligations of Brekford or any of Brekford’s 
Subsidiaries to repurchase, redeem or otherwise acquire any shares of 
capital stock of Brekford or any such Subsidiary.


(c) All of the issued and outstanding shares of Brekford Common Stock are 
validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable.


(d) All of the outstanding capital stock of each of Brekford’s Subsidiaries 
is duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable, and, 
except as set forth on Schedule 4.3, is owned by Brekford free and clear of 
any liens, security interests, pledges, agreements, claims, charges or 
encumbrances. Except as set forth on Schedule 4.3, there are no existing 
subscriptions, options, warrants, calls, commitments, agreements, 
conversion rights or other rights of any character (contingent or 
otherwise) to purchase or otherwise acquire from Brekford or any of 
Brekford’s Subsidiaries at any time, or upon the happening of any stated 
event, any shares of the capital stock of any of Brekford’s Subsidiaries, 
or any securities convertible into or exercisable for shares of the capital 
stock of any of Brekford’s Subsidiaries, whether or not presently issued or 
outstanding and there are no outstanding obligations of Brekford or any of 
Brekford’s Subsidiaries to repurchase, redeem or otherwise acquire any 
shares of capital stock of any of Brekford’s Subsidiaries. Except for 
equity interests disclosed on Schedule 4.3 hereto and Subsidiaries listed 
on Schedule 4.1 hereto, Brekford does not directly or indirectly own any 
equity interest in any other person. Each of Brekford’s Subsidiaries is a 
wholly-owned Subsidiary.


(e) Except as disclosed on Schedule 4.3 hereto, there are no stockholder 
agreements, voting trusts or other agreements or understandings to which 
Brekford is a party or to which it is bound relating to the voting or 
registration of any shares of capital stock of Brekford. Brekford has not 
taken any action that would result in, nor is Brekford a party to any 
agreement, arrangement or understanding not disclosed on Schedule 4.3 
hereto that would result in, any Options to purchase Brekford Common Stock 
that are unvested becoming vested in connection with or as a result of the 
execution and delivery of this Agreement or the consummation of the 
transactions contemplated hereby.


 
10

 
Section 4.4. Authority Relative to this Agreement. Brekford has the 
necessary corporate power and authority to enter into this Agreement. The 
execution and delivery of this Agreement by Brekford and the consummation 
by Brekford of the transactions contemplated hereby have been duly 
authorized by all necessary corporate action on the part of Brekford, 
including the approval of this Agreement by Brekford’s stockholders as 
required by the Delaware Law. This Agreement has been duly executed and 
delivered by Brekford and, assuming the due authorization, execution and 
delivery thereof by the other Parties, constitutes a legal, valid and 
binding obligation of Brekford, enforceable against it in accordance with 
its terms, subject to applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, fraudulent 
conveyance, reorganization, moratorium and similar laws affecting 
creditors’ rights and remedies generally, and subject, as to 
enforceability, to general principles of equity (the “Bankruptcy Exception
”).


Section 4.5. No Conflict; Required Filings and Consents.


(a) Except as listed on Schedule 4.5 hereto, the execution and delivery of 
this Agreement by Brekford do not, and the performance of this Agreement by 
Brekford will not, (i) violate or conflict with the Certificate of 
Incorporation or Bylaws of Brekford, (ii) conflict with or violate any 
Legal Requirement, or conflict with or violate any Permit, applicable to 
Brekford or any of its Subsidiaries or by which any of their respective 
property is bound or affected, (iii) violate or conflict with the 
Certificate of Incorporation or Bylaws (or comparable governing documents) 
of any of Brekford’s Subsidiaries or (iv) result in any breach of or 
constitute a default (or an event which with notice or lapse of time or 
both would become a default) under, or give to others any rights of 
termination or cancellation of, or result in the creation of a lien or 
encumbrance on any of the properties or assets of Brekford or any of its 
Subsidiaries pursuant to, result in the loss of any material benefit under, 
or require the consent of any other party to, any contract, instrument, 
permit, license or franchise to which Brekford or any of its Subsidiaries 
is a party or by which Brekford, each Subsidiary or any of their respective 
property is bound or affected, except, in the case of clauses (ii), (iii) 
or (iv) above, for conflicts, violations, breaches, defaults, results or 
consents which, individually or in the aggregate, would not have a Material 
Adverse Effect on Brekford.


(b) Except as listed on Schedule 4.5 and except for applicable 
requirements, if any, of the Exchange Act (as defined on Section 10.4 
hereof), filing and recordation of appropriate merger or other documents as 
required by Delaware Law and any filings required pursuant to any state 
securities or “blue sky” laws or the rules of any applicable stock 
exchanges, neither Brekford nor its any of its Subsidiaries is required to 
submit any notice, report or other filing with any governmental authority, 
domestic or foreign, in connection with the execution, delivery or 
performance of this Agreement. Except as set forth in the immediately 
preceding sentence, no waiver, consent, approval or authorization of any 
governmental or regulatory authority, domestic or foreign, is required to 
be obtained by Brekford or any of its Subsidiaries in connection with its 
execution, delivery or performance of this Agreement.


Section 4.6. SEC Filings; Financial Statements.


(a) Brekford has filed all forms, reports and documents required to be 
filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”) since January 1, 
2016, and has heretofore delivered or made available to the Company, in the 
form filed with the SEC, together with any amendments thereto, its (i) 
Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015, 
(ii) all proxy statements relating to Brekford’s meetings of stockholders 
(whether annual or special) held since January 1, 2016, (iii) Quarterly 
Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2016, and 
(iv) all other reports or registration statements filed by Brekford with 
the SEC since January 1, 2016 (collectively, the “Brekford SEC Reports”). 
The Brekford SEC Reports (i) were prepared substantially in accordance with 
the requirements of the 1933 Act (as defined in Section 10.4 hereof), or 
the Exchange Act as the case may be, and the rules and regulations 
promulgated under each of such respective acts, and (ii) did not at the 
time they were filed contain any untrue statement of a material fact or 
omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in 
order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances 
under which they were made, not misleading.


 
11

 
(b) The financial statements, including all related notes and schedules, 
contained in the Brekford SEC Reports (or incorporated by reference 
therein) fairly present the consolidated financial position of Brekford and 
each of its Subsidiaries as at the respective dates thereof and the 
consolidated results of operations and cash flows of Brekford and each of 
its Subsidiaries for the periods indicated in accordance with United States 
generally accepted accounting principles (“GAAP”) applied on a consistent 
basis throughout the periods involved (except for changes in accounting 
principles disclosed in the notes thereto) and subject, in the case of 
interim financial statements, to normal year-end adjustments.


(c) Brekford has heretofore made available to the Company a complete and 
correct copy of any material amendments or modifications, which have not 
yet been filed with the SEC, to agreements, documents or other instruments 
which previously had been filed by Brekford with the SEC pursuant to the 
Exchange Act.


Section 4.7. No Undisclosed Liabilities; Absence of Certain Changes or 
Events. Except as and to the extent publicly disclosed by Brekford in the 
Brekford SEC Reports filed prior to the date of this Agreement, as of 
January 1, 2016, neither Brekford nor any of its Subsidiaries had any 
material liabilities or obligations of any nature, whether or not accrued, 
contingent or otherwise, and whether due or to become due or asserted or 
unasserted, which would be required by GAAP to be reflected in, reserved 
against or otherwise described in the consolidated balance sheet of 
Brekford (including the notes thereto) as of such date or which could 
reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on Brekford. 
Except as disclosed on Schedule 4.7 hereto, since September 30, 2016, 
neither Brekford nor any of its Subsidiaries has incurred any material 
liability, except in the ordinary course of their respective businesses 
consistent with their past practices, and there has not been any change, or 
any event involving a prospective change, in the business, financial 
condition or results of operations of Brekford or any of its Subsidiaries 
which has had, or is reasonably likely to have, a Material Adverse Effect 
on Brekford, and Brekford and each of its Subsidiaries has conducted their 
respective businesses in the ordinary course consistent with their past 
practices.


Section 4.8. Litigation. Except as disclosed in Schedule 4.8 hereto, there 
are no claims, actions, suits, proceedings or, to Brekford’s knowledge, 
investigations pending or, to Brekford’s knowledge, threatened against 
Brekford or any of its Subsidiaries, or any properties or rights of 
Brekford or any of its Subsidiaries, before any court, administrative, 
governmental, arbitral, mediation or regulatory authority or body, domestic 
or foreign, (a) as of the date hereof, as to which there is more than a 
remote possibility of an adverse judgment or determination against Brekford 
or any of its Subsidiaries or any properties or rights of Brekford or any 
of its Subsidiaries in excess of $100,000 or which otherwise is reasonably 
likely to have a Material Adverse Effect on Brekford, (b) as of the date 
hereof, which questions the validity of this Agreement or any action to be 
taken by Brekford in connection with the consummation of the transactions 
contemplated by this Agreement or could otherwise prevent or delay the 
consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, or (c) as 
to which there is reasonably likely to be an adverse judgment or 
determination against Brekford or any of its Subsidiaries or any properties 
or rights of Brekford or any of its Subsidiaries in excess of $100,000 or 
which otherwise could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse 
Effect on Brekford.


 
12

 
Section 4.9. No Violation of Law; Permits. The business of Brekford and 
each of its Subsidiaries is not being conducted in violation of any 
statute, law, ordinance, rule, regulation, judgment, order or decree of any 
domestic or foreign governmental, regulatory or judicial entity (including 
any stock exchange or other self-regulatory body) (“Legal Requirements”), 
or in violation of any permits, franchises, licenses, approvals, tariffs 
and other authorizations or consents that are granted by any domestic or 
foreign government or regulatory or judicial entity (including any stock 
exchange or other self-regulatory body) (“Permits”), except for possible 
violations of any Legal Requirements, or violations of any Permits, none of 
which, individually or in the aggregate, could reasonably be expected to 
have a Material Adverse Effect on Brekford. Brekford and each of its 
Subsidiaries have all Permits that are required in connection with the 
operation of their businesses (collectively, “Required Permits”), and no 
proceedings are pending or, to the knowledge of Brekford, threatened to 
revoke or limit any Required Permit, except, in each case, those the 
absence or violation of which do not and will not have a Material Adverse 
Effect on Brekford. Except as set forth on Schedule 4.9 hereto, (a) to 
Brekford’s knowledge, no investigation or review by any domestic or foreign 
governmental or regulatory entity (including any stock exchange or other 
self-regulatory body) with respect to Brekford or any of its Subsidiaries 
in relation to any alleged violation of law or regulation is pending or 
threatened, and (b) no governmental or regulatory entity (including any 
stock exchange or other self-regulatory body) has notified Brekford of its 
intention to conduct the same, except for such investigations which, if 
they resulted in adverse findings, would not reasonably be expected to 
have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect on 
Brekford. Except as set forth on Schedule 4.9 hereto, neither Brekford nor 
any of its Subsidiaries is subject to any cease and desist or other order, 
judgment, injunction or decree issued by, or is a party to any written 
agreement, consent agreement or memorandum of understanding with, or is a 
party to any commitment letter or similar undertaking to, or is subject to 
any order or directive by, or has adopted any board resolutions at the 
request of, any court, governmental entity or regulatory agency that 
materially restricts the conduct of its business or which could reasonably 
be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on Brekford, or would prevent 
or delay the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this 
Agreement, nor has Brekford or any of its Subsidiaries been advised that 
any court, governmental entity or regulatory agency is considering issuing 
or requesting any of the foregoing. Brekford and each of its Subsidiaries 
and affiliates has complied with all material federal and state regulatory 
reporting requirements necessary for the lawful provision of services or 
products currently offered by Brekford or such Subsidiaries or affiliate.


 
13

 
Section 4.10. Registration Statement; Information Statement. None of the 
information supplied or to be supplied by or on behalf of Brekford for 
inclusion or incorporation by reference in the Registration Statement on 
Form S-4 (the “Registration Statement”) to be filed with the SEC by Novume 
in connection with the issuance of shares of Novume Common Stock and Novume 
Preferred Stock in the Mergers will, at the time the Registration Statement 
becomes effective under the 1933 Act, contain any untrue statement of a 
material fact or omit to state any material fact required to be stated 
therein or necessary to make the statements therein, in light of the 
circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. None of the 
information supplied or to be supplied by or on behalf of Brekford for 
inclusion or incorporation by reference in the information statement, in 
definitive form, relating to the approval of the Mergers by the required 
Brekford stockholders (the “Information Statement”) will, at any time prior 
to the Effective Time, contain any untrue statement of a material fact or 
omit to state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary 
in order to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances 
under which they are made, not misleading. If at any time prior to the 
Effective Time any event with respect to Brekford, its officers and 
directors or any of its Subsidiaries should occur which is required to be 
described in an amendment of, or a supplement to, the Registration 
Statement or the Information Statement, Brekford shall promptly so advise 
the Company and such event shall be so described, and such amendment or 
supplement (which the Company shall have a reasonable opportunity to 
review) shall be promptly filed with the SEC and, as required by law, 
disseminated to the shareholders of Brekford. The Registration Statement 
and the Information Statement (except for information relating to or 
provided by the Company) will each comply as to form in all material 
respects with the provisions of the 1933 Act and the Exchange Act, as 
applicable, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, as 
applicable.


Section 4.11. Employee Matters; ERISA.


(a) Set forth on Schedule 4.11 hereto is a true and complete list of all 
employee benefit plans within the meaning of Section 3(3) of the Employee 
Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended (“ERISA”), all deferred 
compensation, bonus or other incentive compensation, stock options, 
restricted stock, stock purchase or other equity-based, severance or change 
in control, salary continuation, tuition assistance, disability, leave of 
absence plans, policies or agreements, and all employment, consulting, 
management or other individual compensation agreements with respect to any 
current or former employee of Brekford or any of its Brekford ERISA 
Affiliates, which in each case Brekford or any of its Brekford ERISA 
Affiliates has any obligation or liability, contingent or otherwise 
(collectively, the “Brekford Benefit Plans“).


(b) All contributions and other payments required to be made by Brekford or 
any Brekford ERISA Affiliate to or under any Brekford Benefit Plan (or to 
any person pursuant to the terms thereof) have been timely made in 
accordance with applicable law. No Brekford Benefit Plan is subject to 
Section 412 of the Code or Section 302 of ERISA.


(c) Each of the Brekford Benefit Plans intended to be “qualified” within 
the meaning of Section 401(a) of the Code has been determined by the 
Internal Revenue Service (the “IRS”) to be so qualified, and, to the 
knowledge of Brekford or any Brekford ERISA Affiliate, no circumstances 
exist that could reasonably be expected by Brekford or any Brekford ERISA 
Affiliate to result in the revocation of any such determination. Brekford 
is in compliance with, and each of the Brekford Benefit Plans is and has 
been operated in compliance with, all applicable Legal Requirements 
governing such plan, including, without limitation, ERISA and the Code.


 
14

 
(d) Brekford has made available to the Company with respect to each 
Brekford Benefit Plan a true, correct and complete copy of each of the 
following documents where applicable (i) such plan, summary plan 
description and summary of material modifications, (ii) the most recent 
annual report filed with the IRS, (iii) each related trust agreement, (iv) 
the most recent determination of the IRS with respect to the qualification 
under any provision of the Code and (v) the most recent IRS Form 5500 and 
actuarial report or valuation.


(e) Except as set forth on Schedule 4.11 hereto, the consummation or 
announcement of any transaction contemplated by this Agreement will not 
either alone or upon the occurrence of any additional or further acts or 
events) result in any (i) payment (whether of severance pay or otherwise) 
becoming due from Brekford or any Brekford ERISA Affiliate to any current 
or former officer, employee, former employee or director thereof, or to any 
other person for the benefit of any such officer, employee or director, or 
(ii) acceleration, vesting or establishment of any benefit under any 
Brekford Benefit Plan, or (iii) disqualification of any of the Brekford 
Benefit Plans intended to be qualified under, result in a prohibited 
transaction or breach of fiduciary duty under, or otherwise violate, ERISA 
or the Code.


(f) Neither Brekford nor any of its Brekford ERISA Affiliates has incurred, 
and neither of such entities reasonably expects to incur, any material 
liability to the PBGC (other than premiums which are not overdue) or 
pursuant to Title IV of ERISA with respect to any Brekford Benefit Plan. 
Neither Brekford nor any Brekford ERISA Affiliate is an employer with 
respect to, and neither has incurred or reasonably expects to incur, any 
withdrawal liability with respect to, any “multiemployer plan” (as defined 
in Section 3(37) of ERISA).


(g) There are no pending or, to the knowledge of Brekford or any Brekford 
ERISA Affiliate, threatened actions, claims or proceedings against any 
Brekford Benefit Plan or its assets, plan sponsor, plan administrator or 
fiduciaries with respect to the operation of such plan (other than routine 
benefit claims).


Section 4.12. Labor Matters. Except as disclosed on Schedule 4.12 hereto, 
neither Brekford nor any of its Subsidiaries is party to any collective 
bargaining agreement or other labor agreement with any union or labor 
organization and no union or labor organization has been recognized by 
Brekford or any of its Subsidiaries as an exclusive bargaining 
representative for employees of Brekford or any of its Subsidiaries. Except 
as disclosed on Schedule 4.12 hereto, there is no current union 
representation question involving employees of Brekford or any of 
Brekford’s Subsidiaries, nor does Brekford have knowledge of any 
significant activity or proceeding of any labor organization (or 
representative thereof) or employee group to organize any such employees. 
Neither Brekford nor any of its Subsidiaries has made any commitment not in 
collective bargaining agreements listed on Schedule 4.12 hereto that would 
require the application of the terms of any collective bargaining 
agreements entered into by Brekford or any of its Subsidiaries to the 
Company, Novume, or any Subsidiary or joint venture of either the Company 
or Novume. Except as disclosed on Schedule 4.12 hereto, (i) there is no 
material active arbitration under any collective bargaining agreement 
involving Brekford or any of its Subsidiaries, (ii) there is no material 
unfair labor practice, grievance, employment discrimination or other labor 
or employment related charge, complaint or claim against Brekford or any of 
its Subsidiaries pending before any court, arbitrator, mediator or 
governmental agency or tribunal, or threatened, (iii) there is no material 
strike, picketing or work stoppage by, or any lockout of, employees of 
Brekford or its Subsidiaries pending or, to Brekford’s knowledge, 
threatened, against or involving Brekford or any of its Subsidiaries, (iv) 
there is no significant active arbitration under any collective bargaining 
agreement involving Brekford or any of its Subsidiaries regarding the 
employer’s right to move work from one location or entity to another, or to 
consolidate work locations, or involving other similar restrictions on 
business operations, and (v) there is no material proceeding, claim, suit, 
action or, to Brekford’s knowledge, governmental investigation pending or, 
to Brekford’s knowledge, threatened, in respect of which any director, 
officer, employee or agent of Brekford or any of its Subsidiaries is or may 
be entitled to claim indemnification from Brekford or any Brekford 
Subsidiary pursuant to their respective charters or bylaws or as provided 
in the indemnification agreements, if any, listed on Schedule 4.12 hereto. 
For purposes of this Section 4.12, “material” refers to any liability which 
could reasonably be expected to exceed $100,000. A true, correct and 
complete copy has been made available to the Company of each current or 
last, in the case where there is no current, expired collective bargaining 
agreement to which Brekford or any of its Subsidiaries is a part or under 
which Brekford or any of its Subsidiaries has obligations.


 
15

 
Section 4.13. Environmental Matters. Environmental Matters. Except as set 
forth on Schedule 4.13 hereto:


(a) Brekford and each of its Subsidiaries are and have been in compliance 
with all applicable Environmental Laws (as defined below) and neither 
Brekford nor any of its Subsidiaries has received any written or oral 
communication from any person or governmental authority that alleges that 
Brekford or any of its Subsidiaries is not in compliance with applicable 
Environmental Laws, except for such non-compliance which, individually or 
in the aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to have a Material 
Adverse Effect on Brekford.


(b) Brekford and each of its Subsidiaries have obtained or have applied for 
all environmental, health and safety permits, licenses, variances, 
approvals and authorizations (collectively, the “Environmental Permits”) 
necessary for the construction of their facilities or the conduct of their 
operations, and all such Environmental Permits are effective or, where 
applicable, a renewal application has been timely filed and is pending 
agency approval, and Brekford and each of its Subsidiaries are in 
compliance with all terms and conditions of such Environmental Permits 
except for such non-compliance which, individually or in the aggregate, 
could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on 
Brekford. There are no past or present events, conditions, circumstances, 
activities, practices, incidents, actions or plans that may materially 
interfere with, or prevent, future continued compliance on the part of 
Brekford or any of its Subsidiaries with such Environmental Permits. 
Neither Brekford nor any of its Subsidiaries has knowledge of matters or 
conditions that would preclude reissuance or transfer of any such 
Environmental Permit, including amendment of such instrument, to Novume or 
one of its Subsidiaries, where such action is necessary to maintain 
material compliance with Environmental Laws.


 
16

 
(c) To Brekford’s knowledge, there is no requirement to be imposed in the 
future by any Environmental Law or Environmental Permit which could 
reasonably be expected to result in the incurrence of a material cost by 
Brekford or any of its Subsidiaries.


(d) There is no Environmental Claim (as defined below) pending or, to 
Brekford’s knowledge, threatened (i) against Brekford or any of its 
Subsidiaries, (ii) against any person whose liability for any Environmental 
Claim Brekford or any of its Subsidiaries has or may have retained or 
assumed either contractually or by operation of law, or (iii) against or 
associated with any real or personal property or operations which Brekford 
or any of its Subsidiaries currently or previously owned, leased or 
operated, in whole or in part.


(e) There have been no Releases (as defined below) of any Hazardous 
Material (as defined below) that would be reasonably likely to form the 
basis of any Environmental Claim against Brekford or any of its 
Subsidiaries, or against any person whose liability for any Environmental 
Claim Brekford or any of its Subsidiaries has or may have retained or 
assumed either contractually or by operation of law.


(f) With respect to any predecessor of Brekford or any of its Subsidiaries, 
there is no Environmental Claim pending or, to Brekford’s knowledge, 
threatened, or any Release of Hazardous Materials that would be reasonably 
likely to form the basis of any Environmental Claim against Brekford or any 
of its Subsidiaries.


(g) Brekford has disclosed to the Company all material facts which Brekford 
reasonably believes form the basis of a material current or future cost 
relating to any environmental matter affecting Brekford and each of its 
Subsidiaries.


(h) None of the properties currently or formerly owned, leased or operated 
by Brekford, any of its Subsidiaries or any predecessor thereof are now, or 
were in the past, listed on the National Priorities List of Superfund Sites 
(the “NPL”), the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and 
Liability Information System (“CERCLIS”), or any other comparable state or 
local environmental database, including those that are triggered by sales 
or transfers of businesses or real property.


(i) Brekford has delivered, or caused to be delivered, to the Company 
copies of all written environmental audit reports, written site assessments 
performed by environmental professionals, asbestos surveys, written claims 
and complaints, and consent decrees and other similar documents with 
respect to Brekford or any of its Subsidiaries, which are in the possession 
or control of Brekford or any of its Subsidiaries, related to compliance 
with Environmental Laws, Environmental Claims, or Releases of Hazardous 
Materials.


For purposes of this Section 4.13:


(i) “Environmental Claim” means any and all administrative, regulatory or 
judicial actions, suits, demands, demand letters, directives, claims, 
liens, investigations, proceedings or notices of noncompliance or violation 
(written or oral) by any person (including any federal, state, local or 
foreign governmental authority) alleging potential liability (including, 
without limitation, potential responsibility for or liability for 
enforcement, investigatory costs, cleanup costs, governmental response 
costs, removal costs, remedial costs, natural resources damages, property 
damages, personal injuries or penalties) arising out of, based on or 
resulting from (A) the presence, or Release or threatened Release into the 
environment, of any Hazardous Materials at any location, whether or not 
owned, operated, leased or managed by Brekford or any of its Subsidiaries 
(including but not limited to obligations to clean up contamination 
resulting from leaking underground storage tanks); or (B) circumstances 
forming the basis of any violation or alleged violation of any 
Environmental Law; or (C) any and all claims by any third party seeking 
damages, contribution, indemnification, cost recovery, compensation or 
injunctive relief resulting from the presence or Release of any Hazardous 
Materials.


 
17

 
(ii) “Environmental Laws” means all applicable foreign, federal, state and 
local laws (including the common law), rules, requirements and regulations 
relating to pollution, the environment (including, without limitation, 
ambient air, surface water, groundwater, land surface or subsurface strata) 
or protection of human health as it relates to the environment including, 
without limitation, laws and regulations relating to Releases of Hazardous 
Materials, or otherwise relating to the manufacture, processing, 
distribution, use, treatment, storage, disposal, transport or handling of 
Hazardous Materials or relating to management of asbestos in buildings.


(iii) “Hazardous Materials” means (A) any petroleum or any by-products or 
fractions thereof, asbestos in any form that is or could become friable, 
urea formaldehyde foam insulation, any form of natural gas, explosives, and 
polychlorinated biphenyls (“PCBs”); (B) any chemicals, materials or 
substances, whether waste materials, raw materials or finished products, 
which are now defined as or included in the definition of “hazardous 
substances,” “hazardous wastes,” “hazardous materials,” “extremely 
hazardous substances,” “restricted hazardous wastes,” “toxic substances,” 
“toxic pollutants,” “pollutants,” “contaminants,” or words of similar 
import under any Environmental Law; and (C) any other chemical, material or 
substance, whether waste materials, raw materials or finished products, 
regulated or forming the basis of liability under any Environmental Law.


(iv) “Release” means any release, spill, emission, leaking, injection, 
deposit, disposal, discharge, dispersal, leaching or migration into the 
environment (including without limitation ambient air, atmosphere, soil, 
surface water, groundwater or property).


Section 4.14. Board Action; Vote Required


(a) The Board of Directors of Brekford has determined that the transactions 
contemplated by this Agreement are in the best interests of Brekford and 
its stockholders and has resolved to recommend to such stockholders that 
they vote in favor thereof.


(b) The approval of the Merger of Brekford Merger Sub into Brekford by a 
majority of the votes entitled to be cast by all holders of Brekford Common 
Stock (the “Brekford Stockholders’ Approval”) is the only vote of the 
holders of any class or series of the capital stock of Brekford required to 
approve this Agreement, the Mergers and the other transactions contemplated 
hereby, in accordance with the provisions of Delaware Law, any applicable 
United States federal and state securities laws, and the Certificate of 
Incorporation and Bylaws of Brekford, each as amended and as currently in 
effect.


(c) The Brekford Key Stockholders, together, hold the requisite voting 
power to obtain the Brekford Stockholders’ Approval.


 
18

 
Section 4.15. Brokers. No broker, finder or investment banker is entitled 
to any brokerage, finder’s, investment banking or other fee or commission 
in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement based 
upon arrangements made by or on behalf of Brekford or any of its 
Subsidiaries.


Section 4.16. Tax Matters. Except as set forth on Schedule 4.16 hereto:


(a) Brekford and each of its Subsidiaries, and each affiliated group 
(within the meaning of Section 1504 of the Code) of which Brekford or any 
of its Subsidiaries is or has been a member, has timely filed all federal 
state, local, foreign, income and franchise Tax Returns (as defined below), 
and all other material Tax Returns required to be filed by them. All such 
Tax Returns are true and correct in all material respects. Except to the 
extent adequately reserved for in accordance with GAAP, all material Taxes 
due and payable by Brekford and each of its Subsidiaries have been timely 
paid in full. The most recent consolidated financial statements contained 
in the Brekford SEC Reports reflect an adequate reserve (other than any 
reserve for deferred Taxes established to reflect timing differences 
between book and Tax income) in accordance with GAAP for all Taxes payable 
by Brekford and each of its Subsidiaries for all taxable periods and 
portions thereof through the date of such financial statements.


(b) No material deficiencies for any Taxes have been proposed, asserted or 
assessed in writing against Brekford or any of its Subsidiaries that have 
not been fully paid or adequately provided for in the appropriate financial 
statements of Brekford and its Subsidiaries, no requests for waivers of the 
time to assess any Taxes are pending, and no power of attorney with respect 
to any Taxes has been executed or filed with any taxing authority. No 
material issues relating to Taxes have been raised in writing by any 
governmental authority during any presently pending audit or examination. 
For any open taxable period, neither Brekford nor any of its Subsidiaries 
has waived or extended the statute of limitations applicable to any Tax or 
Tax Return or consented to any extension of time with respect to any 
material tax assessment or deficiency.


(c) There are no material liens or encumbrances for Taxes on any of the 
assets of Brekford or any of its Subsidiaries (other than for current Taxes 
not yet due and payable).


(d) Brekford and each of its Subsidiaries have complied in all material 
respects with all applicable Legal Requirements relating to the payment and 
withholding of Taxes.


(e) Neither of Brekford nor any of its Subsidiaries has made any payments, 
nor are any of them obligated to make any payments, and none of them is a 
party to any agreement that could obligate it to make any payments that 
would not be deductible by reason of Sections 280G or 162(m) of the Code as 
a result of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.


(f) Neither Brekford nor any of its Subsidiaries is a party to any tax 
allocation agreement, tax sharing agreement, tax indemnity agreement or 
similar agreement, arrangement or practice with respect to Taxes (including 
any advance pricing agreement, closing agreement or other agreement 
relating to Taxes with any taxing authority but excluding in each case any 
contract entered into in the ordinary course of business and the primary 
subject of which is not Taxes). Neither Brekford nor any of its 
Subsidiaries (i) has been a member of an affiliated group for federal 
income tax purposes other than a group of which Brekford is the common 
parent or (ii) has any liability for the Taxes of any person other than 
itself under Treasury Regulations Section 1.1502-6 (or any similar 
provision of U.S. state or local or non-U.S. Tax Law), or as a transferee 
or successor.


 
19

 
(g) No federal, state, local or foreign audits or other administrative 
proceedings or court proceedings are presently pending with regard to any 
Taxes or Tax Returns of Brekford or any of its Subsidiaries and neither 
Brekford nor any of its Subsidiaries has received a written notice of any 
pending audit or proceeding.


(h) Neither Brekford nor any of its Subsidiaries has agreed to or is 
required to make any adjustment under Section 481(a) of the Code as a 
result of a “closing agreement” as described in Section 7121 of the Code 
(or any similar or corresponding provision of U.S. state or local or 
non-U.S. Tax Law) that, in either case, would result in the inclusion of a 
material amount of income in, or the exclusion of a material amount of 
deductions from, taxable income for any taxable period (or portion thereof) 
ending after the Closing Date.


(i) No property owned by Brekford or any of its Subsidiaries (i) 
constitutes “tax exempt use property” within the meaning of Section 
168(h)(1) of the Code; or (ii) is tax exempt bond financed property within 
the meaning of Section 168(g) of the Code.


(j) Neither Brekford nor any of its Subsidiaries has (i) in the two (2) 
years prior to the date of this Agreement, distributed stock of another 
person, or has had its stock distributed by another person, in a 
transaction that was purported or intended to be governed in whole or in 
part by Sections 355 or 361 of the Code or (ii) engaged in any “reportable 
transaction” within the meaning of Treasury Regulation Section 1.6011-4(b) 
(or any similar provision of U.S. state or local or non-U.S. Tax Law).


(k) For purpose of this Agreement, (A) the terms “Tax” or “Taxes” shall 
mean all taxes, charges, fees, imposts, levies or other assessments, 
including, without limitation, all net income, gross receipts, capital, 
sales, use, ad valorem, value added, transfer, franchise, profits, 
inventory, capital stock, license, withholding, payroll, employment, social 
security, unemployment, excise, severance, stamp, occupation, property and 
estimated taxes, customs duties, fees, assessments and charges of any kind 
whatsoever, together with any interest and any penalties, fines, additions 
to tax or additional amounts imposed by any taxing authority (domestic or 
foreign) and shall include any transferee liability in respect of Taxes, 
any liability in respect of Taxes imposed by contract, tax sharing 
agreement, tax indemnity agreement or any similar agreement and (B) the 
term “Tax Return” shall mean any report, return, document, declaration or 
any other information or filing required to be supplied to any taxing 
authority or jurisdiction (foreign or domestic) with respect to Taxes, 
including, without limitation, information returns, any document with 
respect to or accompanying payments or estimated Taxes, or with respect to 
or accompanying requests for the extension of time in which to file any 
such report, return document, declaration or other information.
 
Section 4.17. Intellectual Property. Brekford and each of its Subsidiaries 
owns or possess all necessary licenses or other valid rights to use all 
material computer software and firmware, patents, trademarks, trade names, 
brand names, copyrights, trade secrets, applications for trademarks and for 
patents, domain names, know-how and other proprietary rights and 
information used or held for use in connection with the business of 
Brekford and each of its Subsidiaries as currently conducted or as 
contemplated to be conducted, and, to the knowledge of Brekford, except as 
described on Schedule 4.17 hereto, as of the date hereof, there has been no 
assertion or claim challenging the ownership or validity of any of the 
foregoing. Except as disclosed on Schedule 4.17 hereto, the conduct of the 
business of Brekford and each of its Subsidiaries as currently conducted 
does not to the knowledge of Brekford, in any material respect, conflict 
with or infringe any patent, license, trademark, trade name, service mark, 
copyright, domain name or any other intellectual property right of any 
third party. To the knowledge of Brekford, except as described on Schedule 
4.17 hereto, there are no infringements of any proprietary rights owned by 
or licensed by or to Brekford or any of its Subsidiaries.


 
20

 
Section 4.18. Insurance. Except as set forth on Schedule 4.18 hereto, each 
of Brekford and each of its Subsidiaries is, and has been continuously 
since January 1, 2016 (or such later date as each such Subsidiary was 
organized or acquired by Brekford), insured with financially responsible 
insurers in such amounts and against such risks and losses as are customary 
for companies conducting the business as conducted by Brekford and each of 
its Subsidiaries during such time period. Except as set forth on such 
Schedule 4.18, since January 1, 2016 neither Brekford nor any of its 
Subsidiaries has received notice of cancellation or termination with 
respect to any material insurance policy of Brekford or any of its 
Subsidiaries. The insurance policies of Brekford and each of its 
Subsidiaries are valid and enforceable policies.


Section 4.19. Ownership of Securities. As of the date hereof, neither of 
Brekford nor any of its Subsidiaries nor any of their affiliates or 
associates (as such terms are defined under the Exchange Act), (a)(i) 
beneficially owns, directly or indirectly, or (ii) is party to any 
agreement, arrangement or understanding for the purpose of acquiring, 
holding, voting or disposing of, in each case, shares of capital stock of 
the Company, which in the aggregate represent 10% or more of the 
outstanding shares of Company Common Stock, or (b) is an “interested 
stockholder” of the Company within the meaning of Section 203 of the 
Delaware Law. Except as set forth on Schedule 4.19 hereto, neither Brekford 
nor any of its Subsidiaries owns any shares of Company Common Stock.


Section 4.20. Certain Contracts.


(a) Brekford has delivered or otherwise made available to the Company true, 
correct and complete copies of all contracts and agreements (and all 
amendments, modifications and supplements thereto and all side letters to 
which Brekford is a party affecting the obligations of any party 
thereunder) to which Brekford or any of its Subsidiaries is a party or by 
which any of its properties or assets are bound that are material to the 
business, properties or assets of Brekford and each of its Subsidiaries 
taken as a whole, including, without limitation, all: (i) employment, 
consulting, non-competition, severance, golden parachute or indemnification 
contracts (including, without limitation, any contract to which Brekford is 
a party involving employees of Brekford); (ii) contracts granting a right 
of first refusal or first negotiation; (iii) partnership or joint venture 
agreements; (iv) agreements for the acquisition, sale or lease of material 
properties or assets of Brekford (by merger, purchase or sale of assets or 
stock or otherwise); (v) contracts or agreements with any governmental 
entity; (vi) contracts or arrangements limiting or restraining Novume, 
Brekford, any of Brekford’s Subsidiaries or any successor thereto from 
engaging or competing in any business; and (vii) all commitments and 
agreements to enter into any of the foregoing (collectively, together with 
any such contracts entered into in accordance with Section 6.1 hereof, the 
“Brekford Contracts”).


 
21

 
(b) Except as set forth on Schedule 4.20(b):


(i) There is no default under any Brekford Contract either by Brekford or 
any of its Subsidiaries or, to the knowledge of Brekford, by any other 
party thereto, and no event has occurred that with the lapse of time or the 
giving of notice or both would constitute a default thereunder by Brekford 
or any of its Subsidiaries or, to the knowledge of Brekford, any other 
party, in any such case in which such default or event could reasonably be 
expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on Brekford.


(ii) No party to any such Brekford Contract has given notice to Brekford of 
or made a claim against Brekford with respect to any breach or default 
thereunder, in any such case in which such breach or default could 
reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on Brekford.


(c) Set forth on Schedule 4.20(c) hereto is a list of each material 
contract, agreement or arrangement to which Brekford or any of its 
Subsidiaries is a party or may be bound and under the terms of which any of 
the rights or obligations of a party thereto will be modified or altered 
(including, without limitation, any acceleration of rights or obligations 
thereunder pursuant to the terms of any such contract, agreement or 
arrangement) as a result of the transactions contemplated hereby.


Section 4.21. Investment Company. Brekford is not and will be not an 
“investment company” within the meaning of Code Section 368(a)(2)(F)(ii) 
immediately before the Effective Time.


Section 4.22. Certain Plans. Immediately following the Effective Time, 
Brekford, as the Surviving Corporation in the Brekford Merger, will own 
substantially all of the assets of Brekford immediately prior to the 
Brekford Merger.  There is no plan or intention for Brekford Merger Sub, as 
the Surviving Corporation of the Brekford Merger, to transfer any material 
assets or businesses or to cease any existing business of the Brekford 
after the Effective Time. There is no plan or intention for the Novume 
stock issued in the Brekford Merger to be redeemed.


ARTICLE V
REPRESENTATIONS OF THE COMPANY AND THE MERGER SUBSIDIARIES


The Company and each Merger Subsidiary (as defined below) hereby represent 
and warrant to Brekford as follows:


Section 5.1. Organization and Qualification; Subsidiaries. Each of the 
Company and each of Novume, Company Merger Sub and Brekford Merger Sub 
(collectively, the “Merger Subsidiaries” and each individually a “Merger 
Subsidiary”) is a corporation duly organized, validly existing and in good 
standing under the laws of its jurisdiction of incorporation or 
organization. Each of the Company and each of the Merger Subsidiaries has 
the requisite corporate power and authority and any necessary governmental 
authority, franchise, license or permit to own, operate or lease the 
properties that it purports to own, operate or lease and to carry on its 
business as it is now being conducted, and is duly qualified as a foreign 
corporation to do business, and is in good standing, in each jurisdiction 
where the character of its properties owned, operated or leased or the 
nature of its activities makes such qualification necessary, except for 
such failure which, when taken together with all other such failures, would 
not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on the 
Company. The Company’s Subsidiaries are listed on Schedule 5.1 hereto.


 
22

 
Section 5.2. Certificate of Incorporation, Certificate of Designations and 
Bylaws. The Company has heretofore furnished, or otherwise made available, 
to Brekford a complete and correct copy of the Certificates of 
Incorporation and the Bylaws (or comparable governing documents), each as 
amended to the date hereof, of the Company and each of the Merger 
Subsidiaries, and a complete and correct copy of the Certificates of 
Designations, each as amended to the date hereof, for each class of the 
Company Preferred Stock and Novume Preferred Stock. Such Certificates of 
Incorporation, Bylaws (or comparable governing documents) and Certificates 
of Designation are in full force and effect. Neither the Company nor any of 
the Merger Subsidiaries is in violation of any of the provisions of its 
respective Certificate of Incorporation or its Bylaws (or comparable 
governing documents).


Section 5.3. Capitalization.


(a) The authorized capital stock of the Company consists of (i) 7,500,000 
shares of Preferred Stock, par value $0.0001 per share, 500,000 shares of 
which have been designated Series A Cumulative Convertible Redeemable 
Preferred Stock, 421,357 shares of which are issued and outstanding and 
none of which are reserved for issuance, and (ii) 25,000,000 shares of 
Company Common Stock, of which, as of February 7, 2017, 5,488,094 shares 
were issued and outstanding, no shares were held in the treasury of the 
Company, 280,882 shares were issuable upon the conversion of Company 
Preferred Stock, 493,230 shares were issuable upon the exercise of 
warrants, 506,400 shares were issuable upon the exercise of options 
outstanding under the Company option plans listed on Schedule 5.3(a) 
hereto. Except as set forth on Schedule 5.3 hereto, (i) from February 9, 
2017 through the date hereof, no shares of Company Common Stock have been 
issued, except upon the exercise of options described in the immediately 
preceding sentence, and (ii) as of the date hereof, there are no 
outstanding “Company Equity Rights”. For purposes of this Agreement, 
Company Equity Rights shall mean subscriptions, options, warrants, calls, 
commitments, agreements, conversion rights or other rights of any character 
(contingent or otherwise) to purchase or otherwise acquire from the Company 
or any of the Company’s Subsidiaries at any time, or upon the happening of 
any stated event, any shares of the capital stock of the Company). 
Schedule 5.3 hereto sets forth a complete and accurate list with respect to 
all outstanding Company Equity Rights as of February 9, 2017 of the holder 
thereof, the date of grant, the number of shares for which each such 
Company Equity Right is exercisable, the respective dates upon which each 
such Company Equity Right vests, becomes exercisable and expires, and the 
exercise price of each such Company Equity Right.


(b) Except as set forth on Schedule 5.3(b), there are no outstanding 
obligations of the Company or any of the Company’s Subsidiaries to 
repurchase, redeem or otherwise acquire any shares of capital stock of the 
Company.


 
23

 
(c) All of the issued and outstanding shares of Company Common Stock and 
Company Preferred Stock are validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable.


(d) The authorized capital stock of Novume consists of 30,000,000 shares of 
Novume Common Stock, par value $0.0001 per share, of which 1,000 shares are 
validly issued and outstanding, and 20,000,000 shares of Novume Preferred 
Stock, none of which are issued and outstanding. All of the issued and 
outstanding capital stock of Novume is, and at the Effective Time will be, 
owned by the Company free and clear of any liens, security interests, 
pledges, agreements, claims, charges or encumbrances, and there are (i) no 
other shares of capital stock or other voting securities of Novume, (ii) no 
securities of Novume convertible into or exchangeable for shares of capital 
stock or other voting securities of Novume and (iii) no options or other 
rights to acquire from Novume, and no obligations of Novume to issue, any 
capital stock, other voting securities or securities convertible into or 
exchangeable for capital stock or other voting securities of Novume. All of 
the issued and outstanding capital stock of each of Company Merger Sub and 
Brekford Merger Sub is duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and 
nonassessable, and is owned by Novume free and clear of any liens, security 
interests, pledges, agreements, claims, charges or encumbrances.


(e) Except as disclosed on Schedule 5.3 hereto, there are no stockholder 
agreements, voting trusts or other agreements or understandings to which 
the Company is a party or to which it is bound relating to the voting or 
registration of any shares of capital stock of the Company. The Company has 
not taken any action that would result in, nor is the Company a party to 
any agreement, arrangement or understanding not disclosed on Schedule 5.3 
hereto, that would result in any Options to purchase Company Common Stock 
that are unvested becoming vested in connection with or as a result of the 
execution and delivery of this Agreement or the consummation of the 
transactions contemplated hereby.


Section 5.4. Authority Relative to this Agreement. Each of the Company and 
each Merger Subsidiary has the necessary corporate power and authority to 
enter into this Agreement and to carry out its obligations hereunder. The 
execution and delivery of this Agreement by the Company and each Merger 
Subsidiary and the consummation by each such Party of the transactions 
contemplated hereby have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate 
action on the part of each such Party. This Agreement has been duly 
executed and delivered by each of the Company and each Merger Subsidiary 
and, assuming the due authorization, execution and delivery thereof by the 
other Parties, constitutes a legal, valid and binding obligation of each 
such Party, enforceable against it in accordance with its terms, subject to 
the Bankruptcy Exception.


Section 5.5. No Conflict; Required Filings and Consents.


(a) Except as listed on Schedule 5.5 hereto, the execution and delivery of 
this Agreement by each of the Company and each Merger Subsidiary does not, 
and the performance of this Agreement by each of the Company and each 
Merger Subsidiary will not, (i) violate or conflict with the Certificate of 
Incorporation or Bylaws of the Company, (ii) conflict with or violate any 
law, regulation, court order, judgment or decree applicable to the Company 
or any of its Subsidiaries or by which any of their respective property is 
bound or affected, (iii) violate or conflict with the Articles or 
Certificate of Incorporation or Bylaws (or comparable governing documents) 
of any of the Company’s Subsidiaries, or (iv) result in any breach of or 
constitute a default (or an event which with notice or lapse of time or 
both would become a default) under, or give to others any rights of 
termination or cancellation of, or result in the creation of a lien or 
encumbrance on any of the properties or assets of the Company or any of its 
Subsidiaries pursuant to, result in the loss of any material benefit under, 
or require the consent of any other party to, any contract, instrument, 
permit, license or franchise to which the Company or any of its 
Subsidiaries is a party or by which the Company, any of such Subsidiaries 
or any of their respective property is bound or affected except, in the 
case of clauses (ii), (iii) or (iv) above, for conflicts, violations, 
breaches, defaults, results or consents which, individually or in the 
aggregate, would not have a Material Adverse Effect on the Company.


 
24

 
(b) Except as listed on Schedule 5.5 and except for applicable 
requirements, if any, of the Exchange Act, filing and recordation of 
appropriate merger or other documents as required by Delaware Law and any 
filings required pursuant to any state securities or “blue sky” laws or the 
rules of any applicable stock exchanges, neither the Company nor any of its 
Subsidiaries is required to submit any notice, report or other filing with 
any governmental authority, domestic or foreign, in connection with the 
execution, delivery or performance of this Agreement. Except as set forth 
in the immediately preceding sentence, no waiver, consent, approval or 
authorization of any governmental or regulatory authority, domestic or 
foreign, is required to be obtained by the Company or any of its 
Subsidiaries in connection with its execution, delivery or performance of 
this Agreement.


Section 5.6. SEC Filings; Financial Statements.


(a) The Company has filed all forms, reports and documents required to be 
filed with the SEC since March 15, 2016, and has heretofore delivered or 
made available to Brekford, in the form filed with the SEC, together with 
any amendments thereto (collectively, the “Company SEC Reports”). The 
Company SEC Reports (i) were prepared substantially in accordance with the 
requirements of the 1933 Act or the Exchange Act, as the case may be, and 
the rules and regulations promulgated under each of such respective acts, 
and (ii) did not at the time they were filed contain any untrue statement 
of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated 
therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light 
of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading.


(b) The financial statements, including all related notes and schedules, 
contained in the Company SEC Reports (or incorporated by reference therein) 
fairly present the consolidated financial position of the Company and its 
Subsidiaries as at the respective dates thereof and the consolidated 
results of operations and cash flows of the Company and its Subsidiaries 
for the periods indicated in accordance with GAAP applied on a consistent 
basis throughout the periods involved (except for changes in accounting 
principles disclosed in the notes thereto) and subject in the case of 
interim financial statements to normal year-end adjustments.


(c) The Company has heretofore made available to Brekford a complete and 
correct copy of any material amendments or modifications, which have not 
yet been filed with the SEC, to agreements, documents or other instruments 
which previously had been filed by the Company with the SEC pursuant to the 
Exchange Act.


 
25

 
Section 5.7. No Undisclosed Liabilities; Absence of Certain Changes or 
Events. Except as and to the extent publicly disclosed by the Company in 
the Company SEC Reports filed prior to the date of this Agreement, as of 
March 15, 2016, none of the Company or its Subsidiaries had any material 
liabilities or obligations of any nature, whether or not accrued, 
contingent or otherwise, and whether due or to become due or asserted or 
unasserted, which would be required by GAAP to be reflected in, reserved 
against or otherwise described in the consolidated balance sheet of the 
Company (including the notes thereto) as of such date or which could 
reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on the Company. 
Except as disclosed on Schedule 5.7 hereto, since March 15, 2016, there has 
not been any change, or any event involving a prospective change, in the 
business, financial condition or results of operations of the Company or 
any of its Subsidiaries which has had, or is reasonably likely to have, a 
Material Adverse Effect on the Company and the Company and each of its 
Subsidiaries has conducted its and their business in the ordinary course 
consistent with past practices.


Section 5.8. No Violation of Law; Permits. The business of the Company and 
each of its Subsidiaries is not being conducted in violation of any Legal 
Requirements, or in violation of any Permits, except for possible 
violations none of which, individually or in the aggregate, could 
reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on the Company. 
The Company and each of its Subsidiaries have all Permits that are required 
in connection with the operation of their businesses (collectively, “
Company Required Permits”), and no proceedings are pending or, to the 
knowledge of the Company, threatened to revoke or limit any Company 
Required Permit, except, in each case, those the absence or violation of 
which do not and will not have a Material Adverse Effect on the Company. 
Except as set forth on Schedule 5.8 hereto, (a) to the Company’s knowledge, 
no investigation or review by any domestic or foreign governmental or 
regulatory entity (including any stock exchange or other self-regulatory 
body) with respect to the Company or its Subsidiaries in relation to any 
alleged violation of law or regulation is pending or threatened, and (b) no 
governmental or regulatory entity (including any stock exchange or other 
self-regulatory body) has notified the Company of its intention to conduct 
the same, except for such investigations which, if they resulted in adverse 
findings, would not reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the 
aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect on the Company. Except as set forth on 
Schedule 5.8 hereto, neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is 
subject to any cease and desist or other order, judgment, injunction or 
decree issued by, or is a party to any written agreement, consent agreement 
or memorandum of understanding with, or is a party to any commitment letter 
or similar undertaking to, or is subject to any order or directive by, or 
has adopted any board resolutions at the request of, any court, 
governmental entity or regulatory agency that materially restricts the 
conduct of its business or which could reasonably be expected to have a 
Material Adverse Effect on the Company, or would prevent or delay the 
consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, nor has 
the Company or any of its Subsidiaries been advised that any court, 
governmental entity or regulatory agency is considering issuing or 
requesting any of the foregoing.


Section 5.9. Registration Statement . None of the information supplied or 
to be supplied by or on behalf of the Company for inclusion or 
incorporation by reference in the Registration Statement will, at the time 
the Registration Statement becomes effective under the 1933 Act, contain 
any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact 
required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein, 
in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. 
If at any time prior to the Effective Time any event with respect to the 
Company, its officers and directors or any of its Subsidiaries should occur 
which is required to be described in an amendment of, or a supplement to, 
the Registration Statement, the Company shall promptly so advise Brekford 
and such event shall be so described, and such amendment or supplement 
(which the Company shall have a reasonable opportunity to review) shall be 
promptly filed with the SEC and, as required by law, disseminated to the 
shareholders of Brekford. The Registration Statement (except for 
information relating to or provided by Brekford) will each comply as to 
form in all material respects with the provisions of the 1933 Act and the 
Exchange Act, as applicable, and the rules and regulations promulgated 
thereunder, as applicable.


 
26

 
Section 5.10. Board Action; Vote Required.


(a) The Board of Directors of the Company has unanimously determined that 
the transactions contemplated by this Agreement are in the best interests 
of the Company and its stockholders and has resolved to recommend to such 
stockholders that they vote in favor thereof.


(b) The approval of the Merger of Company into the Company Merger Sub by a 
majority of the votes entitled to be cast by all holders of Company Common 
Stock (the “Company Stockholders’ Approval”) is the only vote of the 
holders of any class or series of the capital stock of the Company required 
to approve this Agreement, the Mergers and the other transactions 
contemplated hereby, in accordance with the provisions of Delaware Law, any 
applicable United States federal and state securities laws and the 
Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws of the Company, each as amended and 
as currently in effect.


(c) The Company Key Stockholders, together, hold the requisite voting power 
to obtain the Company Stockholders’ Approval.


Section 5.11. [Reserved]


Section 5.12. Brokers. No broker, finder or investment banker is entitled 
to any brokerage, finder’s, investment banking or other fee or commission 
in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement based 
upon arrangements made by or on behalf of the Company or any of its 
Subsidiaries.


Section 5.13. Ownership of Securities. As of the date hereof, neither the 
Company nor, to the Company’s knowledge, any of its affiliates or 
associates (as such terms are defined under the Exchange Act), (a) (i) 
beneficially owns, directly or indirectly, or (ii) is party to any 
agreement, arrangement or understanding for the purpose of acquiring, 
holding, voting or disposing of, in each case, shares of capital stock of 
Brekford, which in the aggregate represent 10% or more of the outstanding 
shares of Brekford Common Stock. The Company owns no shares of Brekford 
Common Stock.


Section 5.14. Activities of Merger Subsidiaries. None of the Merger 
Subsidiaries have conducted any activities other than in connection with 
the organization thereof, the negotiation and execution of this Agreement 
and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby.


 
27

 
Section 5.15. Litigation. Except as disclosed in Schedule 5.16 hereto, 
there are no claims, actions, suits, proceedings or, to the Company’s 
knowledge, investigations pending or, to the Company’s knowledge, 
threatened against the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or any 
properties or rights of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, before any 
court, administrative, governmental, arbitral, mediation or regulatory 
authority or body, domestic or foreign, (a) as of the date hereof, as to 
which there is more than a remote possibility of an adverse judgment or 
determination against the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or any 
properties or rights of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries in excess of 
$100,000 or which otherwise could have a Material Adverse Effect on the 
Company, (b) as of the date hereof, which questions the validity of this 
Agreement or any action to be taken by the Company in connection with the 
consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or could 
otherwise prevent or delay the consummation of the transactions 
contemplated by this Agreement, or (c) as to which there is reasonably 
likely to be an adverse judgment or determination against the Company or 
any of its Subsidiaries which could reasonably be expected to have a 
Material Adverse Effect on the Company.


Section 5.16. Employee Matters; ERISA.


(a) Set forth on Schedule 5.16 hereto is a true and complete list of all 
employee benefit plans within the meaning of Section 3(3) of ERISA, all 
deferred compensation, bonus or other incentive compensation, stock 
options, restricted stock, stock purchase or other equity-based, severance 
or change in control, salary, continuation, tuition assistance, disability, 
leave of absence plans, policies or agreements, and all employment, 
consulting, management or other individual compensation agreements with 
respect to any current or former employee of the Company or any of its 
Company ERISA Affiliates, which, in each case, the Company or any of its 
Company ERISA Affiliates has any obligation or liability, contingent or 
otherwise (collectively, the “Company Benefit Plans”).


(b) All contributions and other payments required to be made by the Company 
or any Company ERISA Affiliate to or under any Company Benefit Plan 
maintained (or to any person pursuant to the terms thereof) have been 
timely made. No Company Benefit Plan is subject to Section 412 of the Code 
or Section 302 of ERISA.


(c) Each of the Company Benefit Plans intended to be “qualified” within the 
meaning of Section 401(a) of the Code has been determined by the IRS to be 
so qualified, and, to the knowledge of the Company or any Company ERISA 
Affiliate, no circumstances exist that could reasonably be expected by the 
Company or any Company ERISA Affiliate to result in the revocation of any 
such determination. The Company is in compliance with, and each of the 
Company Benefit Plans is and has been operated in compliance with, all 
applicable Legal Requirements governing such plan, including, without 
limitation, ERISA and the Code.


(d) Except as set forth on Schedule 5.16 hereto, the consummation or 
announcement of any transaction contemplated by this Agreement will not 
(either alone or upon the occurrence of any additional or further acts or 
events) result in any (i) payment (whether of severance pay or otherwise) 
becoming due from the Company or any Company ERISA Affiliate to any current 
or former officer, employee, former employee or director thereof, or to any 
other person for the benefit of any such officer, employee or director, or 
(ii) acceleration, vesting or establishment of any benefit under any 
Company Benefit Plan, or (iii) disqualification of any of the Company 
Benefit Plans intended to be qualified under, result in a prohibited 
transaction or breach of fiduciary duty under, or otherwise violate, ERISA 
or the Code.


 
28

 
(e) Neither the Company nor any Company ERISA Affiliate has incurred, and 
none of such entities reasonably expects to incur, any material liability 
to the PBGC (other than premiums which are not overdue) or pursuant to 
Title IV of ERISA with respect to any Company Benefit Plan. Neither the 
Company nor any Company ERISA Affiliate is an employer with respect to, and 
neither has incurred or reasonably expects to incur, any withdrawal 
liability with respect to any “multiemployer plan” (as defined in Section 
3(37) of ERISA).


(f) There are no pending or, to the Company’s knowledge, threatened 
actions, claims or proceedings against any Company Benefit Plan or its 
assets, plan sponsor, plan administrator or fiduciaries with respect to the 
operation of such plan (other than routine benefit claims).


(g) Each Company Benefit Plan that constitutes in any part a nonqualified 
deferred compensation plan within the meaning of Section 409A of the Code 
has been operated and maintained in operational and documentary compliance 
with Section 409A of the Code and applicable guidance thereunder. No 
payment to be made under any Company Benefit Plan is, or to the knowledge 
of the Company, will be, subject to the penalties of Section 409A(a)(1) of 
the Code.


Section 5.17. Tax Matters. Except as set forth on Schedule 5.17 hereto:


(a) The Company and each of its Subsidiaries, and each affiliated group 
(within the meaning of Section 1504 of the Code) of which the Company or 
any Subsidiary is or has been a member, has timely filed all federal state, 
local, foreign, income and franchise Tax Returns (as defined below), and 
all other material Tax Returns required to be filed by them. All such Tax 
Returns are true and correct in all material respects. Except to the extent 
adequately reserved for in accordance with GAAP, all material Taxes due and 
payable by the Company and each of its Subsidiaries have been timely paid 
in full. The most recent consolidated financial statements contained in the 
Company SEC Reports reflect an adequate reserve (other than any reserve for 
deferred Taxes established to reflect timing differences between book and 
Tax income) in accordance with GAAP for all Taxes payable by the Company 
and its Subsidiaries for all taxable periods and portions thereof through 
the date of such financial statements.


(b) No material deficiencies for any Taxes have been proposed, asserted or 
assessed in writing against the Company or any of its Subsidiaries that 
have not been fully paid or adequately provided for in the appropriate 
financial statements of the Company and each of its Subsidiaries, no 
requests for waivers of the time to assess any Taxes are pending, and no 
power of attorney with respect to any Taxes has been executed or filed with 
any taxing authority. No material issues relating to Taxes have been raised 
in writing by any governmental authority during any presently pending audit 
or examination. For any open taxable period, the Company and each of its 
Subsidiaries have not waived or extended the statute of limitations 
applicable to any Tax or Tax Return or consented to any extension of time 
with respect to any material tax assessment or deficiency.


 
29

 
(c) There are no material liens or encumbrances for Taxes on any of the 
assets of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries (other than for current 
Taxes not yet due and payable).


(d) The Company and each of its Subsidiaries have complied in all material 
respects with all applicable laws, rules and regulations relating to the 
payment and withholding of Taxes.


(e) Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has made any payments, 
nor are any of them obligated to make any payments, and none of them is a 
party to any agreement that could obligate it to make any payments that 
would not be deductible by reason of Sections 280G or 162(m) of the Code as 
a result of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.


(f) Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is a party to any tax 
allocation agreement, tax sharing agreement, tax indemnity agreement or 
similar agreement, arrangement or practice with respect to Taxes (including 
any advance pricing agreement, closing agreement or other agreement 
relating to Taxes with any taxing authority but excluding in each case any 
contract entered into in the ordinary course of business and the primary 
subject of which is not Taxes). Neither the Company nor any of its 
Subsidiaries (i) has been a member of an affiliated group for federal 
income tax purposes other than a group of which the Company is the common 
parent or (ii) has any liability for the Taxes of any person other than 
itself under Treasury Regulations Section 1.1502-6 (or any similar 
provision of U.S. state or local or non-U.S. Tax Law), or as a transferee 
or successor.


(g) No federal, state, local or foreign audits or other administrative 
proceedings or court proceedings are presently pending with regard to any 
Taxes or Tax Returns of the Company or its Subsidiaries and neither the 
Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has received a written notice of any 
pending audit or proceeding, in any such case involving a material issue 
with respect to Taxes.


(h) Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has agreed to or is 
required to make any material adjustment under Section 481(a) of the Code 
as a result of a “closing agreement” as described in Section 7121 of the 
Code (or any similar or corresponding provision of U.S. state or local or 
non-U.S. Tax Law) that, in either case, would result in the inclusion of a 
material amount of income in, or the exclusion of a material amount of 
deductions from, taxable income for any taxable period (or portion thereof) 
ending after the Closing Date.


(i) No property owned by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries (i) 
constitutes “tax exempt use property” within the meaning of Section 
168(h)(1) of the Code; or (ii) is tax exempt bond financed property within 
the meaning of Section 168(g) of the Code.


(j) Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has (i) in the two (2) 
years prior to the date of this Agreement, distributed stock of another 
person, or has had its stock distributed by another person, in a 
transaction that was purported or intended to be governed in whole or in 
part by Sections 355 or 361 of the Code or (ii) engaged in any “reportable 
transaction” within the meaning of Treasury Regulation Section 1.6011-4(b) 
(or any similar provision of U.S. state or local or non-U.S. Tax Law).


 
30

 
Section 5.18. Intellectual Property. The Company and each of its 
Subsidiaries owns or possesses all necessary licenses or other valid rights 
to use all material computer software and firmware, patents, patent rights, 
trademarks, trademark rights, trade names, trade name rights, brand names, 
copyrights, service marks, trade secrets, applications for trademarks and 
for service marks, know-how and other proprietary rights and information 
used or held for use in connection with the business of the Company and 
each of its Subsidiaries as currently conducted or as contemplated to be 
conducted, and, to the knowledge of the Company, except as described on 
Schedule 5.18 hereto, as of the date hereof, there has been no assertion or 
claim challenging the ownership or validity of any of the foregoing. To the 
knowledge of the Company, except as disclosed on Schedule 5.18 hereto, the 
conduct of the business of the Company and each of its Subsidiaries as 
currently conducted does not, in any material respect, conflict with or 
infringe any patent, patent right, license, trademark, trademark right, 
trade name, trade name right, service mark, copyright or any other 
intellectual property right of any third party. To the knowledge of the 
Company, except as described on Schedule 5.18 hereto, there are no 
infringements of any proprietary rights owned by or licensed by or to the 
Company or any of its Subsidiaries.


Section 5.19. Certain Contracts.


(a) Except for such contracts as are filed publicly in the Company SEC 
Reports, the Company has delivered or otherwise made available to Brekford 
true, correct and complete copies of all contracts and agreements (and all 
amendments, modifications and supplements thereto and all side letters to 
which the Company is a party affecting the obligations of any party 
thereunder) to which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is a party or 
by which any of its properties or assets are bound that are material to the 
business, properties or assets of the Company and its Subsidiaries taken as 
a whole, including, without limitation, all: (i) employment, consulting, 
non-competition, severance, golden parachute or indemnification contracts 
(including, without limitation, any contract to which the Company is a 
party involving employees of the Company); (ii) contracts granting a right 
of first refusal or first negotiation; (iii) partnership or joint venture 
agreements; (iv) agreements for the acquisition, sale or lease of material 
properties or assets of the Company (by merger, purchase or sale of assets 
or stock or otherwise); (v) contracts or agreements with any governmental 
entity; (vi) contracts or arrangements limiting or restraining Novume, the 
Company, any of the Company’s Subsidiaries or any successor thereto from 
engaging or competing in any business; and (vii) all commitments and 
agreements to enter into any of the foregoing (collectively, together with 
any such contracts entered into in accordance with Section 6.2 hereof, the 
“Company Contracts”).


(b) Except as set forth on Schedule 5.19(b):


(i) There is no default under any Company Contract either by the Company or 
any of its Subsidiaries or, to the knowledge of the Company, by any other 
party thereto, and no event has occurred that with the lapse of time or the 
giving of notice or both would constitute a default thereunder by the 
Company or any of its Subsidiaries or, to the knowledge of the Company, any 
other party, in any such case in which such default or event could 
reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on the Company.


(ii) No party to any such Company Contract has given notice to the Company 
of or made a claim against the Company with respect to any breach or 
default thereunder, in any such case in which such breach or default could 
reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on the Company.


 
31

 
(c) Set forth on Schedule 5.19(c) hereto is a list of each material 
contract, agreement or arrangement to which the Company or any of its 
Subsidiaries is a party or may be bound and under the terms of which any of 
the rights or obligations of a party thereto will be modified or altered 
(including, without limitation, any acceleration of rights or obligations 
thereunder pursuant to the terms of any such contract, agreement or 
arrangement) as a result of the transactions contemplated hereby.


Section 5.20. Investment Company. None of Novume, the Merger Subsidiaries 
or the Company, is or will be an “investment company” within the meaning of 
Code Section 368(a)(2)(F)(ii) immediately before the Effective Time.


Section 5.21. Certain Plans. Immediately following the Effective Time, 
Company Merger Sub, as the Surviving Corporation in the Company Merger, 
will own substantially all of the assets of the Company immediately prior 
to the Company Merger.  There is no plan or intention for Company Merger 
Sub, as the Surviving Corporation of the Company Merger, to transfer any 
material assets or businesses or to cease any existing business of the 
Company after the Effective Time. There is no plan or intention for the 
Novume stock issued in the Company Merger to be redeemed.


ARTICLE VI
CONDUCT OF BUSINESS PENDING THE MERGERS


Section 6.1. Conduct of Business of Brekford. Brekford covenants and agrees 
that, between the date of this Agreement and the Effective Time, unless the 
Company shall otherwise consent in writing, and except as described on 
Schedule 6.1 hereto or as otherwise expressly contemplated hereby, the 
business of Brekford and each of its Subsidiaries shall be conducted only 
in, and such entities shall not take any action except in, the ordinary 
course of business and in a manner consistent with past practice; and 
Brekford and each of its Subsidiaries will use their commercially 
reasonable efforts to preserve substantially intact their business 
organizations, to keep available the services of those of their present 
officers, employees and consultants who are integral to the operation of 
their businesses as presently conducted and to preserve their present 
relationships with significant customers, significant suppliers and with 
other persons with whom they have significant business relations. By way of 
amplification and not limitation, except as set forth on Schedule 6.1 
hereto or as otherwise expressly contemplated by this Agreement, Brekford 
agrees on behalf of itself and each of its Subsidiaries that they will not, 
between the date of this Agreement and the Effective Time, directly or 
indirectly, do any of the following without the prior written consent of 
the Company:


(a) (i) except for (A) the issuance of Brekford Common Stock in order to 
satisfy obligations under employee benefit plans disclosed in Schedule 4.11
; (B) grants of Brekford Options as set forth in Schedule 6.1; (C) the 
issuance of securities by any of Brekford’s Subsidiaries to any person 
which is directly or indirectly wholly-owned by Brekford; and (D) the 
issuance of Brekford Common Stock to satisfy the exercise of outstanding 
Brekford Warrants or outstanding Brekford Options, issue, sell, pledge, 
dispose of, encumber, authorize, or propose the issuance, sale, pledge, 
disposition, encumbrance or authorization of any shares of capital stock of 
any class, or any options, warrants, convertible securities or other rights 
of any kind to acquire any shares of capital stock of, or any other 
ownership interest in, Brekford or any of its Subsidiaries; (ii) amend or 
propose to amend the Certificate of Incorporation or Bylaws of Brekford or 
any of its Subsidiaries or adopt any shareholder rights plan or related 
rights agreement; (iii) split, combine or reclassify any outstanding shares 
of Brekford Common Stock, or declare, set aside or pay any dividend or 
distribution payable in cash, stock, property or otherwise with respect to 
such shares; (iv) redeem, purchase or otherwise acquire or offer to redeem, 
purchase or otherwise acquire any shares of its capital stock; or (v) 
authorize or propose or enter into any contract, agreement, commitment or 
arrangement with respect to any of the matters prohibited by this Section 
6.1(a);


 
32

 
(b) (i) acquire (by merger, consolidation, or acquisition of stock or 
assets) any corporation, partnership or other business organization or 
division thereof or make any investment in another entity other than an 
entity which is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Brekford as of the date 
hereof, except for investments which do not exceed $50,000 for any single 
investment or series of related investments, or $100,000 in the aggregate 
for all such investments in any twelve (12)-month period; (ii) except in 
the ordinary course of business and in a manner consistent with past 
practice, sell, pledge, dispose of, or encumber or authorize or propose the 
sale, pledge, disposition or encumbrance of any assets of Brekford or any 
of its Subsidiaries; (iii) authorize or make capital expenditures which are 
in excess of the amounts shown in Schedule 6.1 hereto; (iv) enter into any 
agreement, contract or commitment which involves payments by Brekford or 
any of its Subsidiaries in an amount in excess of $50,000 individually or 
as part of a series of related transactions, except for agreements, 
contracts and commitments of a type referred to in another clause of this 
subsection (b) and not prohibited thereby because of the amount of such 
contract; or (v) authorize, enter into or amend any contract, agreement, 
commitment or arrangement with respect to any of the matters prohibited by 
this Section 6.1(b);


(c) (i) incur any indebtedness for borrowed money or assume, guarantee, 
endorse or otherwise become liable or responsible (whether directly, 
contingently or otherwise) for the obligations of any other person or issue 
or sell any debt securities or warrants or rights to acquire any debt 
securities of Brekford or any of its Subsidiaries or guarantee any debt 
securities of others (other than Brekford or any of its wholly-owned 
Subsidiaries) or enter into or amend any contract, agreement, commitment or 
arrangement with respect to any of the foregoing, other than (A) in 
replacement for existing or maturing debt, (B) borrowings by Brekford under 
its lines of credit existing on the date hereof up to the maximum amount 
permitted thereunder (as such maximum amount may be reduced from time to 
time in accordance with the terms thereof) or (C) capital leases or other 
vendor financing for capital assets the acquisition of which is otherwise 
permitted under this Agreement; (ii) make any loans, advances or capital 
contributions to, or investments in, any other person (other than to the 
wholly-owned subsidiaries of Brekford or customary loans or advances to 
employees in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice 
and in amounts not material to the maker of such loan or advance); or (iii) 
mortgage or pledge any of its material assets, tangible or intangible, or 
create or suffer to exist any material lien thereupon;


(d) enter into (i) leveraged derivative contracts (defined as contracts 
that use a factor to multiply the underlying index exposure), or (ii) other 
derivative contracts except for the purpose of hedging known interest rate 
and foreign exchange exposures or otherwise reducing such Party’s cost of 
financing;


 
33

 
(e) adopt a plan of complete or partial liquidation, dissolution, merger, 
consolidation, restructuring, recapitalization or other reorganization of 
Brekford or any of its Subsidiaries (other than the Brekford Merger);


(f) alter through merger, liquidation, reorganization, restructuring or in 
any other fashion the corporate structure or ownership of any of Brekford’s 
Subsidiaries;


(g) except as may be required by law or as contemplated by this Agreement, 
enter into, adopt or amend or terminate any Brekford Benefit Plan, or 
(except for normal increases in the ordinary course of business consistent 
with past practice that, in the aggregate, do not result in a material 
increase in benefits or compensation expense to Brekford, and as required 
under existing agreements or in the ordinary course of business generally 
consistent with past practice) increase in any manner the compensation or 
fringe benefits of any director, officer or employee or pay any benefit not 
required by any Brekford Benefit Plan] as in effect as of the date hereof;


(h) make any payments (except in the ordinary course of business and in 
amounts and in a manner consistent with past practice or as otherwise 
required by Legal Requirements or the provisions of any Brekford Benefit 
Plan) under any Brekford Benefit Plan to any director or employee of, or 
independent contractor or consultant to, Brekford or its Subsidiaries;


(i) change in any material respect its tax or accounting policies, methods 
or procedures except as required by GAAP;


(j) do any act or omit to do any act which would cause a material breach of 
any material contract, commitment or obligation;


(k) take any action which could reasonably be expected to adversely affect 
or delay the ability of any of the Parties to obtain any approval of any 
governmental or regulatory body required to consummate the transactions 
contemplated hereby;


(l) other than pursuant to this Agreement, take any action to cause the 
Brekford Common Stock to cease to be quoted on the OTCQX;


(m) (i) issue SARs, new performance shares, restricted stock, or similar 
equity based rights; (ii) materially modify (with materiality to be 
determined with respect to the Brekford Benefit Plan in question) any 
actuarial cost method, assumption or practice used in determining benefit 
obligations, annual expense and funding for any Brekford Benefit Plan, 
except to the extent required by GAAP; (iii) materially modify (with 
materiality to be determined with respect to the Brekford Benefit Plan 
trust in question) the investment philosophy of the Brekford Benefit Plan 
trusts or maintain an asset allocation which is not consistent with such 
philosophy, subject to any ERISA fiduciary obligation; (iv) subject to any 
ERISA fiduciary obligation, enter into any outsourcing agreement, or any 
other material contract relating to the Brekford Benefit Plans or 
management of the Brekford Benefit Plan trusts; (v) offer any new or extend 
any existing retirement incentive, “window” or similar benefit program; 
(vi) grant any ad hoc pension increase; (vii) establish any new or fund any 
existing “rabbi” or similar trust (except in accordance with the current 
terms of such trust), or enter into any other arrangement for the purpose 
of securing non-qualified benefits or deferred compensation; (viii) adopt 
or implement any corporate owned life insurance; or (ix) adopt, implement 
or maintain any “split dollar” life insurance program;


 
34

 
(n) take any action which would cause its representations and warranties 
contained herein to become inaccurate in any material respect;


(o) revalue in any material respect any of its assets, including, without 
limitation, writing down the value of inventory or writing-off notes or 
accounts receivable other than in the ordinary course of business or as 
required by GAAP;


(p) make or revoke any tax election or settle or compromise any tax 
liability material to Brekford and/or any of its Subsidiaries taken as a 
whole or change (or make a request to any taxing authority to change) any 
material aspect of its method of accounting for tax purposes, other than as 
required by applicable Legal Requirements;


(q) pay, discharge or satisfy any claims, liabilities or obligations 
(absolute, accrued, asserted or unasserted, contingent or otherwise), other 
than the payment, discharge or satisfaction in the ordinary course of 
business of liabilities reflected or reserved against in, or contemplated 
by, the consolidated financial statements (or the notes thereto) of 
Brekford and its Subsidiaries or incurred in the ordinary course of 
business consistent with past practice;


(r) settle or compromise any pending or threatened suit, action or claim 
relating to the transactions contemplated hereby; or


(s) make any significant distribution or redemption of its securities.


Section 6.2. Conduct of Business of the Company. The Company covenants and 
agrees that, between the date of this Agreement and the Effective Time, 
unless Brekford shall otherwise consent in writing, and except as described 
on Schedule 6.2 hereto or as otherwise expressly contemplated hereby, the 
Company and each of its Subsidiaries will use their commercially reasonable 
efforts to preserve substantially intact their business organizations, to 
keep available the services of those of their present officers, employees 
and consultants who are integral to the operation of their businesses as 
presently conducted and to preserve their present relationships with 
significant clients and with other persons with whom they have significant 
business relations. By way of amplification and not limitation, except as 
set forth on Schedule 6.2 hereto or as otherwise expressly contemplated by 
this Agreement, the Company agrees on behalf of itself and each of its 
Subsidiaries that they will not, between the date of this Agreement and the 
Effective Time, directly or indirectly, do any of the following without the 
prior written consent of Brekford:


 
35

 
(a) (i) except for (A) the issuance of Company Common Stock in order to 
satisfy obligations under employee benefit plans disclosed in Schedule 5.16
; (B) grants of Company Options as set forth in Schedule 6.2; (C) the 
issuance of securities by any of the Company’s Subsidiaries to any person 
which is directly or indirectly wholly-owned by the Company; and (D) the 
issuance of Company Common Stock to satisfy the exercise of outstanding 
Company Warrants or outstanding Company Options, issue, sell, pledge, 
dispose of, encumber, authorize, or propose the issuance, sale, pledge, 
disposition, encumbrance or authorization of any shares of capital stock of 
any class, or any options, warrants, convertible securities or other rights 
of any kind to acquire any shares of capital stock of, or any other 
ownership interest in, the Company or any of its Subsidiaries; (ii) amend 
or propose to amend the Certificate of Incorporation or Bylaws of the 
Company or any of its Subsidiaries or adopt any shareholder rights plan or 
related rights agreement; (iii) split, combine or reclassify any 
outstanding shares of Company Common Stock, or declare, set aside or pay 
any dividend or distribution payable in cash, stock, property or otherwise 
with respect to such shares; (iv) redeem, purchase or otherwise acquire or 
offer to redeem, purchase or otherwise acquire any shares of its capital 
stock; or (v) authorize or propose or enter into any contract, agreement, 
commitment or arrangement with respect to any of the matters prohibited by 
this Section 6.2(a);


(b) (i) other than as set forth on Schedule 2(b)(i)(B) hereto, acquire (by 
merger, consolidation, or acquisition of stock or assets) any corporation, 
partnership or other business organization or division thereof or make any 
investment in another entity other than an entity which is a wholly-owned 
Subsidiary of the Company as of the date hereof, except for investments 
which do not exceed $50,000 for any single investment or series of related 
investments, or $100,000 in the aggregate for all such investments in any 
twelve (12)-month period; (ii) except in the ordinary course of business 
and in a manner consistent with past practice, sell, pledge, dispose of, or 
encumber or authorize or propose the sale, pledge, disposition or 
encumbrance of any assets of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries; (iii) 
authorize or make capital expenditures which are in excess of the amounts 
shown in Schedule 6.2 hereto; (iv) enter into any agreement, contract or 
commitment which involves payments by the Company or any of its 
Subsidiaries in an amount in excess of $50,000 individually or as part of a 
series of related transactions, except for agreements, contracts and 
commitments of a type referred to in another clause of this subsection (b) 
and not prohibited thereby because of the amount of such contract; or (v) 
authorize, enter into or amend any contract, agreement, commitment or 
arrangement with respect to any of the matters prohibited by this Section 
6.2(b); or


(c) (i) incur any indebtedness for borrowed money or assume, guarantee, 
endorse or otherwise become liable or responsible (whether directly, 
contingently or otherwise) for the obligations of any other person or issue 
or sell any debt securities or warrants or rights to acquire any debt 
securities of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or guarantee any debt 
securities of others (other than the Company or any of its wholly-owned 
Subsidiaries) or enter into or amend any contract, agreement, commitment or 
arrangement with respect to any of the foregoing, other than (A) in 
replacement for existing or maturing debt, (B) borrowings by the Company 
under its lines of credit existing on the date hereof up to the maximum 
amount permitted thereunder (as such maximum amount may be reduced from 
time to time in accordance with the terms thereof) or (C) capital leases or 
other vendor financing for capital assets the acquisition of which is 
otherwise permitted under this Agreement; (ii) make any loans, advances or 
capital contributions to, or investments in, any other person (other than 
to the wholly-owned subsidiaries of the Company or customary loans or 
advances to employees in the ordinary course of business consistent with 
past practice and in amounts not material to the maker of such loan or 
advance); or (iii) mortgage or pledge any of its material assets, tangible 
or intangible, or create or suffer to exist any material lien thereupon;


 
36

 
(d) enter into (i) leveraged derivative contracts (defined as contracts 
that use a factor to multiply the underlying index exposure), or (ii) other 
derivative contracts except for the purpose of hedging known interest rate 
and foreign exchange exposures or otherwise reducing such Party’s cost of 
financing;


(e) adopt a plan of complete or partial liquidation, dissolution, 
restructuring, recapitalization or other reorganization of the Company or 
any of its Subsidiaries (other than the Company Merger);


(f) alter through merger, liquidation, reorganization, restructuring or in 
any other fashion the corporate structure or ownership of any of the 
Company’s Subsidiaries;


(g) except as may be required by law or as contemplated by this Agreement, 
enter into, adopt or amend or terminate any Company Benefit Plan, or 
(except for normal increases in the ordinary course of business consistent 
with past practice that, in the aggregate, do not result in a material 
increase in benefits or compensation expense to the Company, and as 
required under existing agreements or in the ordinary course of business 
generally consistent with past practice) increase in any manner the 
compensation or fringe benefits of any director, officer or employee or pay 
any benefit not required by any Company Benefit Plan as in effect as of the 
date hereof;


(h) make any payments (except in the ordinary course of business and in 
amounts and in a manner consistent with past practice or as otherwise 
required by Legal Requirements or the provisions of any Company Benefit 
Plan) under any Company Benefit Plan to any director or employee of, or 
independent contractor or consultant to, the Company or its Subsidiaries;


(i) change in any material respect its tax or accounting policies, methods 
or procedures except as required by GAAP;


(j) change in any material respect its tax or accounting policies, methods 
or procedures except as required by GAAP;


(k) do any act or omit to do any act which would cause a material breach of 
any material contract, commitment or obligation;


(l) take any action which could reasonably be expected to adversely affect 
or delay the ability of any of the Parties to obtain any approval of any 
governmental or regulatory body required to consummate the transactions 
contemplated hereby;


(m) (i) issue SARs, new performance shares, restricted stock, or similar 
equity based rights; (ii) materially modify (with materiality to be 
determined with respect to the Company Benefit Plan in question) any 
actuarial cost method, assumption or practice used in determining benefit 
obligations, annual expense and funding for any Company Benefit Plan, 
except to the extent required by GAAP; (iii) materially modify (with 
materiality to be determined with respect to the Company Benefit Plan trust 
in question) the investment philosophy of the Company Benefit Plan trusts 
or maintain an asset allocation which is not consistent with such 
philosophy, subject to any ERISA fiduciary obligation; (iv) subject to any 
ERISA fiduciary obligation, enter into any outsourcing agreement, or any 
other material contract relating to the Company Benefit Plans or management 
of the Company Benefit Plan trusts; (v) offer any new or extend any 
existing retirement incentive, “window” or similar benefit program; (vi) 
grant any ad hoc pension increase; (vii) establish any new or fund any 
existing “rabbi” or similar trust (except in accordance with the current 
terms of such trust), or enter into any other arrangement for the purpose 
of securing non-qualified benefits or deferred compensation; (viii) adopt 
or implement any corporate owned life insurance; or (ix) adopt, implement 
or maintain any “split dollar” life insurance program;


 
37

 
(n) take any action which would cause its representations and warranties 
contained herein to become inaccurate in any material respect;


(o) revalue in any material respect any of its assets, including, without 
limitation, writing down the value of inventory or writing-off notes or 
accounts receivable other than in the ordinary course of business or as 
required by GAAP;


(p) make or revoke any tax election or settle or compromise any tax 
liability material to the Company and/or any of its Subsidiaries taken as a 
whole or change (or make a request to any taxing authority to change) any 
material aspect of its method of accounting for tax purposes, other than as 
required by applicable Legal Requirements;


(q) pay, discharge or satisfy any claims, liabilities or obligations 
(absolute, accrued, asserted or unasserted, contingent or otherwise), other 
than the payment, discharge or satisfaction in the ordinary course of 
business of liabilities reflected or reserved against in, or contemplated 
by, the consolidated financial statements (or the notes thereto) of the 
Company and its Subsidiaries or incurred in the ordinary course of business 
consistent with past practice;


(r) settle or compromise any pending or threatened suit, action or claim 
relating to the transactions contemplated hereby; or


(s) make any significant distribution or redemption of its securities.


Section 6.3. Exclusivity. During the period commencing on the date hereof, 
Brekford, without the prior written consent of the Company, will not, and 
will not authorize or permit any of its Party Representatives (as defined 
in Section 7.5(b) hereof) to, directly or indirectly, solicit, initiate, 
entertain or encourage or support (including by way of furnishing 
information) or take any other action to facilitate any inquiries or the 
making of any proposal or offer which constitutes or may reasonably be 
expected to lead to an Acquisition Proposal (as defined below) from any 
person, or engage in any discussion or negotiations relating thereto or 
accept any Acquisition Proposal, unless the Board of Directors of Brekford 
shall conclude in good faith, after considering applicable law, on the 
basis of oral or written advice of outside counsel, that such action is 
necessary for the Board of Directors to act in a manner consistent with its 
fiduciary duties. Consistent with the foregoing provisions of this Section 
6.3, Brekford shall immediately cease and terminate any currently existing 
solicitation, initiation, encouragement, activity, discussion or 
negotiation with any persons conducted heretofore by Brekford or its 
Representatives with respect to the foregoing. Brekford agrees not to 
release any third party from, or waive any provision of, any standstill 
agreement to which it is a party or any confidentiality agreement between 
it and another person who has made, or who may reasonably be considered 
likely to make, an Acquisition Proposal, unless the Board of Directors of 
Brekford shall conclude in good faith, after considering applicable law, on 
the basis of oral or written advice of outside counsel, that such action is 
necessary for the Board of Directors to act in a manner consistent with its 
fiduciary duties. As used herein, “Acquisition Proposal” shall mean a 
proposal or offer for a tender or exchange offer, merger, consolidation or 
other business combination involving Brekford or any proposal to acquire in 
any manner a substantial equity interest in, or all or substantially all of 
the assets of, Brekford.


 
38

 
Section 6.4. Subsequent Financial Statements. Prior to the Effective Time, 
Brekford shall (a) prior to making publicly available its financial results 
for any period, provide a copy of such financial results to the Company and 
(b) timely file with the SEC each Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly 
Report on Form 10-Q and Current Report on Form 8-K required to be filed by 
it under the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated 
thereunder, and, prior to the filing thereof, provide a copy to the 
Company, and will promptly deliver to the Company copies of each such 
report filed with the SEC. As of their respective dates, none of such 
reports shall contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to 
state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make 
the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were 
made, not misleading. The respective audited financial statements and 
unaudited interim financial statements of Brekford included in such reports 
will fairly present the financial position of Brekford and each of its 
Subsidiaries as at the dates thereof and the results of their operations 
and cash flows for the periods then ended in accordance with GAAP applied 
on a consistent basis and, subject, in the case of unaudited interim 
financial statements, to normal year-end adjustments and any other 
adjustments described therein.


Section 6.5. Control of Operations. Nothing contained in this Agreement 
shall give the Company or Brekford, directly or indirectly, the right to 
control or direct the operations of the other prior to the Effective Time. 
Prior to the Effective Time, each of the Company and Brekford shall 
exercise, consistent with the terms and conditions of this Agreement, 
complete control and supervision over its respective operations.


ARTICLE VII
ADDITIONAL AGREEMENTS


Section 7.1. Registration Statement; Information Statement. As promptly as 
practicable after the execution and delivery of this Agreement, the Parties 
shall prepare and file with the SEC, and shall use all reasonable efforts 
to have cleared by the SEC, the Registration Statement on Form S-4 under 
the Securities Act of 1933, and the Information Statement, and Brekford 
shall promptly thereafter mail to the holders of record of Brekford Common 
Stock the Information Statement in accordance with the requirements of the 
applicable rules and regulations of the Exchange Act.


Section 7.2. Stockholders’ Approval; Consummation of the Mergers.


(a) At the earliest reasonably practicable time following the execution and 
delivery of this Agreement, each of the Company and Brekford shall promptly 
take all action necessary in accordance with Delaware Law and its 
Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws, each as amended and as currently 
in effect, to obtain the Company Stockholders’ Approval and the Brekford 
Stockholders’ Approval, as applicable. The stockholder vote or consent 
required for approval of each of the Mergers will be no greater than that 
contemplated by Sections 4.14(b) and 5.10(b) hereof. Each of the Parties 
shall take all other action necessary or, in the opinion of the other 
Parties, reasonably advisable to promptly and expeditiously secure any vote 
or consent of stockholders required by Delaware Law, as the case may be, 
and such Party’s Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws, each as amended 
and as currently in effect, to adopt this Agreement, and effect the Mergers 
and any other transactions contemplated hereby.


 
39

 
(b) Upon receipt of the Brekford Stockholders’ Approval, Brekford take all 
action as may be necessary and appropriate to distribute the Information 
Statement to the holders of record of Brekford Common Stock in accordance 
with the applicable rules and regulations of the Exchange Act.


(c) Upon the terms and subject to the conditions hereof and as soon as 
practicable after the conditions set forth in ARTICLE VIII hereof have been 
fulfilled or waived, each of the Parties shall execute in the manner 
required by Delaware Law and deliver to and file with the Secretary of 
State of the State of Delaware such instruments and agreements as may be 
required by Delaware Law, and the Parties shall take all such other and 
further actions as may be required by law to make the Mergers effective. 
Prior to the filings referred to in this Section 7.2(c), a closing (the “
Closing”) will be held at the offices of Crowell & Moring LLP, 1001 
Pennsylvania Ave NW, Washington, D.C. 20004 (or such other place as the 
Company and Brekford may mutually agree upon), for the purpose of 
confirming all the foregoing. The Closing will take place upon the 
fulfillment or waiver of all of the conditions to closing set forth in 
ARTICLE VIII of this Agreement, or as soon thereafter as practicable (the 
date of the Closing being herein referred to as the “Closing Date”).


Section 7.3. Additional Agreements. Each of the Parties will comply in all 
material respects with all applicable Legal Requirements of any 
governmental authority in connection with its execution, delivery and 
performance of this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby. 
Each of the Parties agrees to use all commercially reasonable efforts to 
obtain in a timely manner all necessary waivers, consents and approvals and 
to effect all necessary registrations and filings, and to use all 
commercially reasonable efforts to take, or cause to be taken, all other 
actions and to do, or cause to be done, all other things necessary, proper 
or advisable to consummate and make effective as promptly as practicable 
the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. The Parties shall 
cooperate in responding to inquiries from, and making presentations to, 
regulatory authorities.


Section 7.4. Notification of Certain Matters. Each of the Company and 
Brekford shall give prompt notice to the other of the following:


(a) the occurrence or nonoccurrence of any event whose occurrence or 
nonoccurrence would be likely to cause either:


(i) any representation or warranty of such Party contained in this 
Agreement to be untrue or inaccurate in any material respect at any time 
from the date hereof to the Effective Time, or (ii) directly or indirectly, 
any Material Adverse Effect with respect to such Party;


 
40

 
(b) any material failure of such Party, or any officer, director, employee 
or agent of any thereof, to comply with or satisfy any covenant, condition 
or agreement to be complied with or satisfied by it hereunder;


(c) any facts relating to such Party which would make it necessary or 
advisable to amend the Registration Statement or the Information Statement 
in order to make the statements therein not misleading or to comply with 
applicable law;


(d) any notice of, or other communication relating to, a default or event 
which, with notice or lapse of time or both, would become a default, 
received by it or any of its Subsidiaries subsequent to the date of this 
Agreement and prior to the Effective Time, under any contract or agreement 
material to the financial condition, properties, businesses or results of 
operations of it and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole to which it or any 
of its Subsidiaries is a party or is subject; and


(e) any notice or other communication from any third party alleging that 
the consent of such third party is or may be required in connection with 
the transactions contemplated by this Agreement;


provided, however, that the delivery of any notice pursuant to this 
Section 7.4 shall not limit or otherwise affect the remedies available 
hereunder to the Party receiving such notice.


Section 7.5. Access to Information.


(a) From the date hereof to the Effective Time, each of the Company and 
Brekford shall, and shall cause its respective Subsidiaries, and its and 
their officers, directors, employees, auditors, counsel and agents to 
afford the officers, employees, auditors, counsel and agents of the other 
Party complete access at all reasonable times to such Party’s and its 
Subsidiaries’ officers, employees, auditors, counsel agents, properties, 
offices and other facilities and to all of their respective books and 
records, and shall furnish the other with all financial, operating and 
other data and information as such other Party may reasonably request.


(b) Each of the Company and Brekford agrees that all information so 
received from the other Party shall be deemed received pursuant to the 
Mutual Non-Disclosure Agreement between the Company and Brekford dated as 
of October 10, 2016, heretofore executed and delivered by the Company and 
Brekford (the “Confidentiality Agreement”) and such Party shall, and shall 
cause its Subsidiaries and each of its and their respective officers, 
directors, employees, financial advisors and agents (“Party Representatives
”), to comply with the provisions of the Confidentiality Agreement with 
respect to such information and the provisions of the Confidentiality 
Agreement are hereby incorporated herein by reference with the same effect 
as if fully set forth herein; provided, that, the Company, on one hand, and 
Brekford, on the other hand, shall be permitted to disclose the contents of 
this Agreement and the Mergers in appropriate filings with the SEC, upon 
consultation with and agreement by Brekford, on the one hand, and the 
Company, on the other hand.


Section 7.6. Public Announcements. Except as required by applicable law or 
stock exchange requirements, the Company and Brekford shall provide the 
other Party with a reasonable opportunity to review and comment on all 
press releases and other public statements with respect to the transactions 
contemplated hereby.


 
41

 
Section 7.7. Indemnification; Directors’ and Officers’ Insurance.


(a) For a period of six (6) years after the Effective Time, Novume and the 
Company jointly and severally shall indemnify the directors and officers of 
the Company who hold such positions at any time during the period from the 
date hereof through the Effective Time to the fullest extent to which the 
Company is permitted to indemnify such officers and directors under its 
Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws, each as amended and as currently 
in effect, and applicable law.


(b) Prior to the Effective Time, Brekford will purchase a “tail” on its 
directors’ and officers’ liability insurance policy (“Brekford Insurance 
Policies”), which shall be at no less broad coverage and limits than 
Brekford’s currently existing Brekford Insurance Policies and which shall 
cover the period from the Closing Date until such date as is six (6) years 
following the Closing Date, provided that, nothing shall prevent Novume, 
from and after the Closing Date, from purchasing, at its sole option and at 
its expense, an additional limit on the “tail” policy.


Section 7.8. Employee Benefit Plans.


(a) Except as otherwise set forth in Section 2.8 and Section 2.9 hereof, in 
the case of the Company Benefit Plans listed on Schedule 7.8(a)(i) hereto 
(“Company Stock Plans”) and the Brekford Benefit Plans listed on Schedule 
7.8(b)(i) hereto (“Brekford Stock Plans”), to the extent the employees’ 
interests are based upon Company Common Stock or Brekford Common Stock, as 
applicable, or the market prices thereof (but which interests do not 
constitute Options), as applicable, each of the Company and Brekford agrees 
that such interests shall, from and after the Effective Time, be based on 
Novume Common Stock in accordance with the Company Exchange Ratio (with 
respect to Company Stock Plans) and the Brekford Exchange Ratio (with 
respect to Brekford Benefit Plans).


(b) With respect to any Company Stock Plans or Brekford Stock Plans 
maintained or contributed to persons outside the United States for the 
benefit of non-United States citizens or residents, the principles set 
forth in this Section 7.8, and on Schedule 6.1 or Schedule 6.2, as 
applicable, shall apply to the extent the application of such principles 
does not violate applicable foreign law.


(c) Without limiting the applicability of Sections 2.8 and 2.9 hereof, each 
of the Parties shall take all actions as are necessary to ensure that the 
Company and Brekford will not be at the Effective Time bound by any stock 
options, warrants, stock appreciation rights (“SARs”), or other awards, 
rights or agreements which would entitle any person, other than Novume, to 
own any capital stock of the Surviving Corporations or to receive any 
payment in respect thereof, and all Company Stock Plans and Brekford 
Benefit Plans conferring any rights with respect to Company Common Stock, 
Company Preferred Stock or other capital stock of the Company, or Brekford 
Common Stock or other capital stock of Brekford, as the case may be, shall 
be deemed hereby to be amended to be in conformity with this Section 7.8.


Section 7.9. Management and Employment Arrangements.


 
42

 
(a) Robert A. Berman shall, as of or prior to the Effective Time, have been 
appointed the Chief Executive Officer of Novume, and an executive team of 
Novume shall have been appointed, consisting of such individuals as shall 
be designated by the Board of Directors of the Company.


(b) Each of Scott Rutherford and Rodney Hillman (together, the "Brekford 
Officers") shall, as of or prior to the Effective Time, enter into separate 
five (5)-year employment agreements (the "Employment Agreements") in the 
form attached as Exhibit A hereto, and proprietary rights agreements (“
Proprietary Rights Agreements”) in the form attached as Exhibit B hereto, 
with Brekford, pursuant to which they shall be engaged to serve as the 
Chief Technology Officer and President/Chief Operating Officer, 
respectively. None of the Brekford Officers shall have any right, remedy or 
cause of action under this Section 7.9, nor shall they be third party 
beneficiaries of this Section 7.9. In addition to the forgoing, the Parties 
intend that key executives of the Company and of Brekford, as shall be 
mutually agreed by the Parties, will enter into employment agreements with 
Novume or one or more of its subsidiaries.


Section 7.10. Stock Exchange Listing. The Company shall use its best 
efforts to obtain, prior to the Effective Time, or as soon as reasonably 
practicable thereafter, the approval for listing on a national stock 
exchange of the shares of Novume Common Stock into which the Shares will be 
converted pursuant to ARTICLE II hereof and which will be issuable upon 
exercise of options pursuant to Section 2.8 hereof; provided, that, if such 
listing is not obtained within ninety (90) days of the Effective Time, the 
Board of Directors of Novume will use its best efforts to take further 
actions as appropriate to achieve such listing as soon as is reasonably 
practicable.


Section 7.11. Sale of Upfitting Business. The obligations of the Company to 
consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement are conditioned 
upon the prior or concurrent closing of the sale by Brekford of not more 
than 81% of the ownership of its Rugged Information Technology Solutions 
and 360° Vehicle Solution Upfitting Business (collectively, the “Upfitting 
Business”); provided, that, (a) Novume shall retain not less than a 19% 
ownership interest in the Upfitting Business and (b) Brekford will use all 
proceeds from such disposition to repay in full any and all indebtedness of 
Brekford such that, as of the Closing, Brekford shall have no indebtedness 
other than as permitted by the Company.


Section 7.12. Post-Merger Novume Board of Directors. At the Effective Time, 
the Novume Board shall consist of seven (7) members, four (4) of whom shall 
be independent within the meaning of the 1934 Act, and the national stock 
exchange to which the Company has applied for the listing of Novume Common 
Stock as described in Section 7.10. Six (6) members of the Novume Board 
shall be designated by the Company, and one (1) member of the Novume Board 
shall be designated by Brekford, subject to the approval of KeyStone. The 
members designated by the Company are James McCarthy, who shall serve as 
Chairman, Robert A. Berman, Dr. Richard Nathan, Glenn Goord, Paul DeBary 
and one additional independent director who shall be designated by the 
Company prior to the Effective Time. The member to be designated by 
Brekford shall be independent, as provided herein, and shall be subject to 
the approval by the Company; such member shall be identified by Brekford 
and approved by the Company prior to the Effective Time. As of the date 
hereof, Glenn Goord and Paul DeBary are independent as provided herein, and 
shall so remain, as and at the Effective Time.


 
43

 
Section 7.13. Registration Rights. Novume shall not be required to amend or 
maintain the effectiveness of the Registration Statement for the purpose of 
permitting resale of the shares of Novume Common Stock received pursuant 
hereto by the persons who may be deemed to be “affiliates” of the Company 
or Brekford within the meaning of Rule 145 promulgated under the 1933 Act, 
as amended.


Section 7.14. Affiliates. Each of the Company and Brekford (i) has 
disclosed to the other all persons who are, or may be, at the time this 
Agreement is executed its “affiliates” for purposes of Rule 145 under the 
1933 Act, and (ii) has delivered, or caused each person who is so 
identified as an “affiliate” of it to deliver, to the other as promptly as 
practicable but in no event later than the Closing Date, a Company 
Affiliate Letter or a Brekford Affiliate Letter, as the case may be. The 
Company and Brekford shall notify each other from time to time of any other 
persons who then are, or may be, such an “affiliate” and use all reasonable 
efforts to cause each additional person who is identified as an “affiliate” 
to execute a Company Affiliate Letter or a Brekford Affiliate Letter, as 
the case may be.


Section 7.15. Blue Sky. The Company and Brekford will use their best 
efforts to obtain prior to the Effective Time all necessary blue sky 
permits and approvals required to permit the distribution of the shares of 
Novume Common Stock to be issued in accordance with the provisions of this 
Agreement.


Section 7.16. Compliance.


(a) In consummating the Brekford Merger and the transactions contemplated 
hereby, Brekford shall comply in all material respects with the provisions 
of the Exchange Act and the 1933 Act, and shall comply, and/or cause its 
subsidiaries to comply or to be in compliance, in all material respects, 
with all other applicable Legal Requirements.


(b) In consummating the Company Merger and the transactions contemplated 
hereby, the Company shall comply in all material respects with the 
provisions of the Exchange Act and the 1933 Act, and shall comply, and/or 
cause its subsidiaries to comply or to be in compliance, in all material 
respects, with all other applicable Legal Requirements.


Section 7.17. Key Stockholder Agreements. Each of C.B. Brechin, Scott 
Rutherford, Justin Schumer and Robert West (the “Brekford Key Stockholders
”) shall have entered into a Key Stockholder Agreement with Brekford, and 
each of Robert A. Berman, James McCarthy and Dr. Richard Nathan (the “
Company Key Stockholders” and collectively with the Brekford Key 
Stockholders, the “Key Stockholders”), shall have entered into a Key 
Stockholder Agreement with the Company, pursuant to which the Key 
Stockholder shall agree to vote all of their voting securities in the 
Company or Brekford, as applicable, in favor of this Agreement and the 
Mergers.


Section 7.18. Continuation of Historic Business. After the Effective Time 
Brekford, as the Surviving Corporation of the Brekford Merger, will 
continue Brekford’s historic business or use a significant portion of 
Brekford’s historic assets in a business.  Company Merger Sub, as the 
Surviving Corporation of the Company Merger, will continue the Company’s 
historic business or use a significant portion of the Company’s historic 
assets in a business.


 
44

 
ARTICLE VIII
CONDITIONS TO MERGERS


Section 8.1. Conditions to the Obligations of Each Party to Effect the 
Mergers. The respective obligations of each Party to effect the Mergers 
shall be subject to the following conditions:


(a) Stockholder Approval. The Mergers, this Agreement and all transactions 
contemplated hereby shall have been approved and adopted by the requisite 
vote of the stockholders of each of the Company and Brekford, in accordance 
with Section 7.2(a), and each of the Merger Subsidiaries in accordance with 
Delaware Law, applicable United States state and federal securities laws, 
and the Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws, each as amended and as 
currently in effect, of each such entity;


(b) Legality. No federal, state or foreign statute, rule, regulation, 
executive order, decree or injunction shall have been enacted, entered, 
promulgated or enforced by any court or governmental authority which is in 
effect and has the effect of making the Mergers illegal or otherwise 
prohibiting the consummation of the Mergers;


(c) Required Consents. All authorizations, licenses, Permits, consents, 
orders or approvals of, or declarations, filings with or notices to, any 
governmental body, agency or official, or any non-governmental third party 
(all of the foregoing, “Required Consents”), which are necessary for the 
consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby, other than immaterial 
Required Consents the failure to obtain which would have no material 
adverse effect on the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby 
and no Material Adverse Effect on Novume or either of the Surviving 
Corporations, shall have been, as applicable, made, filed, shall have 
occurred or shall have been obtained and all such Required Consents shall 
be in full force and effect, provided, however, that a Required Consent 
shall not be deemed to have been obtained if in connection with the grant 
thereof there shall have been an imposition by any state or federal 
governmental body, agency or official of any condition, requirement, 
restriction or change of regulation, or any other action directly or 
indirectly related to such grant taken by such governmental body, which 
would reasonably be expected to either (i) have a Material Adverse Effect 
on any of Novume or either of the Surviving Corporations, or (ii) prevent 
the Parties from realizing in all material respects the economic benefits 
of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement that such Parties 
currently anticipate receiving therefrom;


(d) Registration Statement Effective. The Registration Statement shall have 
become effective, no stop order suspending the effectiveness of the 
Registration Statement shall then be in effect, and no proceedings for that 
purpose shall then be threatened by the SEC or shall have been initiated by 
the SEC and not concluded or withdrawn;


(e) Blue Sky. All state securities or blue sky permits or approvals 
required to carry out the transactions contemplated hereby shall have been 
received; and


(f) Key Stockholder Agreements. Each of the Key Stockholders shall have 
entered into a Key Stockholder Agreement with the Company or Brekford, as 
applicable, and Brekford shall have received copies of each such agreement 
with the Company Key Stockholders duly executed by Brekford and the 
applicable Key Stockholder, and the Company shall have received copies of 
each such agreement with the Brekford Key Stockholders duly executed by 
Brekford and the applicable Key Stockholder.


 
45

 
Section 8.2. Additional Conditions to Obligations of the Company. The 
obligations of the Company to effect the Mergers are also subject to the 
fulfillment of the following conditions:


(a) Representations and Warranties. The representations and warranties of 
Brekford contained in this Agreement shall be true and correct on the date 
hereof and (except to the extent such representations and warranties speak 
as of an earlier date) shall also be true and correct on and as of the 
Closing Date, except for changes expressly contemplated by this Agreement, 
with the same force and effect as if made on and as of the Closing Date;


(b) Agreements, Conditions and Covenants. Brekford shall have performed or 
complied in all material respects with all agreements, conditions and 
covenants required by this Agreement to be performed or complied with by 
Brekford on or before the Effective Time;


(c) Certificates.


(i) The Company shall have received a certificate of an executive officer 
of Brekford to the effect set forth in paragraphs (a) and (b) above; and


(ii)           The Company shall have received a certificate of the 
Secretary of Brekford with respect to certain corporate matters, including 
a true, correct and complete copy of Brekford’s certificate of 
incorporation, as currently in effect, a true, correct and complete copy of 
Brekford’s bylaws, as currently in effect, certificate(s) as to Brekford’s 
formation and good standing in its jurisdiction of formation and each other 
jurisdiction in which it is qualified to do business, and attaching thereto 
a true, correct and complete copy of resolutions and consents, as 
applicable, of the stockholder(s) and board of Brekford authorizing, in 
each case, the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement, the 
filing and distribution of the Information Statement, and the consummation 
of the transactions contemplated hereby.


(d) Opinions.


(i) The Company shall have received an opinion of Crowell & Moring LLP, 
counsel to the Company, dated as of the Closing Date, in form and substance 
reasonably satisfactory to the Company, substantially to the effect that, 
on the basis of the facts, representations and assumptions set forth in 
such opinion: (A) no gain or loss will be recognized for federal income tax 
purposes by Novume, the Company or Company Merger Sub as a result of the 
formation of Novume and Company Merger Sub and the Merger of the Company 
with and into the Company Merger Sub; and (B) no gain or loss will be 
recognized for federal income tax purposes by the stockholders of the 
Company upon their exchange of Company Common Stock or Company Preferred 
Stock, as applicable, solely for Novume Common Stock or Novume Preferred 
Stock, as applicable, pursuant to such Merger. In rendering such opinion, 
Crowell & Moring LLP may require and rely upon representations and 
covenants including those contained in certificates of officers of Novume, 
the Company, Brekford and others, as may be requested by Crowell & Moring 
LLP and shall be provided by Novume, the Company, Brekford; and


(ii) To the extent required by the SEC in connection with the filing of the 
Registration Statement and the Information Statement, Brekford shall have 
received the opinion described in Section 8.3(d)(i) hereof, in form and 
substance reasonably satisfactory to the Company.


 
46

 
(e) Affiliate Letters. The Company shall have received the Brekford 
Affiliate Letters required by Section 7.14, duly executed by each 
“affiliate” of Brekford;


(f) No Material Adverse Change. Since September 30, 2016, there shall not 
have occurred any event that has had or could reasonably be expected to 
have a Material Adverse Effect on Brekford or Novume;


(g) Consents Under Brekford Agreements. Brekford shall have obtained the 
consents listed on Schedule 8.2(g) hereto, as well as the consent or 
approval of each other person whose consent or approval shall be required 
under any agreement or instrument in order to permit the consummation of 
the transactions contemplated hereby except those which the failure to 
obtain would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse 
Effect on Novume or either of the Surviving Corporations; and


(h) Employment Agreements; Proprietary Rights Agreements. The Employment 
Agreements and Proprietary Rights Agreements shall be in full force and 
effect.


(i) Sale of Upfitting Business. The sale of the Upfitting Business as 
described, and on the terms and conditions set forth, in Section 7.11 
shall have been consummated in accordance with the requirements of Delaware 
Law and Brekford’s Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws, each as amended 
and as currently in effect.


Section 8.3. Additional Conditions to Obligations of Brekford. The 
obligations of Brekford to effect the Mergers are also subject to the 
fulfillment of the following conditions:


(a) Representations and Warranties. The representations and warranties of 
the Company contained in this Agreement shall be true and correct on the 
date hereof and (except to the extent such representations and warranties 
speak as of an earlier date) shall also be true and correct on and as of 
the Closing Date, except for changes expressly contemplated by this 
Agreement, with the same force and effect as if made on and as of the 
Closing Date;


(b) Agreements, Conditions and Covenants. The Company shall have performed 
or complied in all material respects with all agreements, conditions and 
covenants required by this Agreement to be performed or complied with by 
the Company on or before the Effective Time;


(c) Certificates.


(i) Brekford shall have received a certificate of an executive officer of 
the Company to the effect set forth in paragraphs (a) and (b) above; and


(ii) Brekford shall have received a certificate of the Secretary of the 
Company with respect to certain corporate matters, including a true, 
correct and complete copy of the Company’s certificate of incorporation, as 
currently in effect, a true, correct and complete copy of the Company’s 
bylaws, as currently in effect, certificate(s) as to the Company’s 
formation and good standing in its jurisdiction of formation and each other 
jurisdiction in which it is qualified to do business, and attaching thereto 
a true, correct and complete copy of resolutions and consents, as 
applicable, of the stockholder(s) and board of the Company authorizing, in 
each case, the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement, the 
filing and distribution of the Information Statement, and the consummation 
of the transactions contemplated hereby.


 
47

 
(d) Tax Opinion.


(i) To the extent required by the SEC in connection with the filing of the 
Registration Statement and the Information Statement, Brekford shall have 
received an opinion of counsel, such counsel to be determined, dated as of 
the Closing Date, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to 
Brekford, substantially to the effect that, on the basis of the facts, 
representations and assumptions set forth in such opinion: (A) no gain or 
loss will be recognized for federal income tax purposes by Novume, Brekford 
or Brekford Merger Sub as a result of the formation of Novume and Brekford 
Merger Sub and the Merger of Brekford Merger Sub with and into Brekford; 
and (B) no gain or loss will be recognized for federal income tax purposes 
by the stockholders of Brekford upon their exchange of Brekford Common 
Stock for the Brekford Merger Consideration pursuant to such Merger; and


(ii) the Company shall have received the opinion described in Section 
8.2(d)(i) hereof, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to 
Brekford;


(e) Affiliate Letters. Brekford shall have received the Company Affiliate 
Letters required by Section 7.14 hereof, duly executed by each “affiliate” 
of the Company;


(f) No Material Adverse Change. Since September 30, 2016, there shall not 
have occurred any event that has had or could reasonably be expected to 
have a Material Adverse Effect on the Company or Novume; and


(g) Consents Under the Company Agreements. The Company shall have obtained 
the consent or approval of each person whose consent or approval shall be 
required under any agreement or instrument in order to permit the 
consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby except those which the 
failure to obtain would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a 
Material Adverse Effect on Novume or either of the Surviving Corporations.


ARTICLE IX
TERMINATION, AMENDMENT AND WAIVER


Section 9.1. Termination. This Agreement may be terminated at any time 
before the Effective Time in each case as authorized by the respective 
Board of Directors of the Company or Brekford:


(a) By mutual written consent of each of the Company and Brekford;


 
48

 
(b) By either the Company or Brekford if the Mergers shall not have been 
consummated on or before June 1, 2017 (the “Termination Date”); provided, 
however, that the right to terminate this Agreement under this Section 
9.1(b) shall not be available to any Party whose failure to fulfill any 
obligation under this Agreement has been the cause of, or resulted in, the 
failure of the Effective Time to occur on or before the Termination Date; 
and provided, further, that if on the Termination Date the conditions to 
the Closing set forth in Section 8.1(d) shall not have been fulfilled, but 
all other conditions to the Closing shall be fulfilled or shall be capable 
of being fulfilled, then the Termination Date shall be extended to a date 
mutually agreed upon by the parties hereto;


(c) By either the Company or Brekford if a court of competent jurisdiction 
or governmental, regulatory or administrative agency or commission shall 
have issued an order, decree or ruling or taken any other action (which 
order, decree or ruling the Parties shall use their commercially reasonable 
efforts to lift), in each case permanently restraining, enjoining or 
otherwise prohibiting the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, and 
such order, decree, ruling or other action shall have become final and 
nonappealable;


(d) By either the Company or Brekford if the other shall have breached, or 
failed to comply with, in any material respect any of its obligations under 
this Agreement or any representation or warranty made by such other Party 
shall have been incorrect in any material respect when made or shall have 
since ceased to be true and correct in any material respect, and such 
breach, failure or misrepresentation is not cured within thirty (30) days 
after notice thereof and such breaches, failures or misrepresentations, 
individually or in the aggregate and without regard to materiality 
qualifiers contained therein, results or would reasonably be expected to 
result in a Material Adverse Effect on Novume, the Company or Brekford;


(e) By either the Company or Brekford upon the occurrence of a Material 
Adverse Effect on the other or on Novume or an event which could reasonably 
be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect on the other or on 
Novume;


(f) By either the Company or Brekford if the Board of Directors of the 
other or any committee of the Board of Directors of the other (i) shall 
withdraw or modify in any adverse manner its approval or recommendation of 
this Agreement, the Mergers or any other transaction contemplated hereby, 
(ii) shall fail to reaffirm such approval or recommendation upon such 
Party’s request, (iii) approve or recommend any acquisition of the other or 
a material portion of its assets or any tender offer for shares of its 
capital stock, in each case, other than by a Party or an affiliate thereof, 
or (iv) shall resolve to take any of the actions specified in clause (i) 
above; or


(g) By either the Company or Brekford if the Company Stockholders’ Approval 
or the Brekford Stockholders’ Approval, as applicable, shall fail to have 
been obtained in accordance with Section 7.2(a); provided, however, that no 
termination by Brekford shall be effective pursuant to Sections 9.1(f) or 
(g) under circumstances in which a Termination Fee is payable by Brekford 
under Section 9.2(b) unless concurrently with such termination, such 
Termination Fee is paid in full by Brekford in accordance with the 
provisions of Section 9.2(b).


Section 9.2. Effect of Termination.


(a) In the event of termination of this Agreement as provided in Section 
9.1 hereof, and subject to the provisions of Section 10.1 hereof, this 
Agreement shall forthwith become void and there shall be no liability on 
the part of any of the Parties, except (i) as set forth in this Section 9.2 
and in Sections 4.10, 4.16, 5.9, 5.12 and 10.3 hereof, and (ii) nothing 
herein shall relieve any Party from liability for any willful breach 
hereof.


 
49

 
(b) If (i) this Agreement (A) is terminated by the Company pursuant to 
Section 9.1(f) hereof, or the Company or Brekford pursuant to Section 
9.1(g) hereof because of the failure to obtain the Brekford Stockholders’ 
Approval, or (B) is terminated as a result of Brekford’s material breach of 
Section 7.2 hereof which is not cured within thirty (30) days after notice 
thereof to Brekford, and (ii) at the time of such termination there shall 
have been an Acquisition Proposal involving Brekford or any of its 
subsidiaries (whether or not such offer shall have been rejected or shall 
have been withdrawn prior to the time of such termination), Brekford shall 
pay to the Company a termination fee of $250,000 (the “Termination Fee”). 
The Termination Fee payable under this Section 9.2(b) shall be payable in 
cash at the date of termination.


(c) Brekford agrees that the agreements contained in Section 9.2(b) above 
are an integral part of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and 
constitute liquidated damages and not a penalty. If Brekford fails to 
promptly pay to the Company any fee due under such Section 9.2(b), Brekford 
shall pay the costs and expenses (including reasonable legal fees and 
expenses) in connection with any action, including the filing of any 
lawsuit or other legal action, taken to collect payment, together with 
interest on the amount of any unpaid fee at the publicly announced prime 
rate as reported by The Wall Street Journal's bank survey


from the date such fee was required to be paid.


Section 9.3. Amendment. This Agreement may be amended by the Parties 
pursuant to a writing adopted by action taken by all of the Parties at any 
time before the Effective Time; provided, however, that, after approval of 
the Mergers by the stockholders of the Company or Brekford, whichever shall 
occur first, no amendment may be made which would (a) alter or change the 
amount or kinds of consideration to be received by the holders of Shares 
upon consummation of the Mergers, (b) alter or change any term of the 
Certificate of Incorporation of either of the Surviving Corporations or 
Novume, or (c) alter or change any of the terms and conditions of this 
Agreement if such alteration or change would adversely affect the holders 
of any class or series of securities of the Company or Brekford. This 
Agreement may not be amended except by an instrument in writing signed by 
the Parties.


Section 9.4. Waiver. At any time before the Effective Time, any Party may 
(a) extend the time for the performance of any of the obligations or other 
acts of the other Parties, (b) waive any inaccuracies in the 
representations and warranties contained herein or in any document 
delivered pursuant hereto and (c) waive compliance with any of the 
agreements or conditions contained herein. Any agreement on the part of a 
Party to any such extension or waiver shall be valid only as against such 
Party and only if set forth in an instrument in writing signed by such 
Party.


ARTICLE X
GENERAL PROVISIONS


Section 10.1. Non-Survival of Representations, Warranties and Agreements. 
The representations, warranties and agreements in this Agreement shall 
terminate at the Effective Time or upon the termination of this Agreement 
pursuant to Section 9.1 hereof, as the case may be, except that (a) the 
agreements set forth in ARTICLE I and Sections 2.4, 2.5, 2.6, 2.7, 2.8, 
7.7, 7.8 and 7.11 hereof and this Section 10.1 shall survive the Effective 
Time indefinitely, (b) the agreements and representations set forth in 
Sections 4.10, 4.16, 5.9, 5.12, 7.5(b), 9.2 and 10.3 hereof and this 
Section 10.1 shall survive termination indefinitely and (c) nothing 
contained herein shall limit any covenant or agreement of the Parties which 
by its terms contemplates performance after the Effective Time.


 
50

 
Section 10.2. Notices. All notices and other communications given or made 
pursuant hereto shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly 
given or made as of the date of receipt and shall be delivered personally 
or mailed by registered or certified mail (postage prepaid, return receipt 
requested), sent by overnight courier or sent by telecopy, to the Parties 
at the following addresses or telecopy numbers (or at such other address or 
telecopy number for a Party as shall be specified by like notice):


(a) if to the Company or any Merger Subsidiary:


KeyStone Solutions, Inc.
14420 Albemarle Point Place, Suite 200
Chantilly, VA 20151
Attn: Robert Berman
Email : rberman@keystonewins.com
with a copy to:
Crowell & Moring LLP
1001 Pennsylvania Ave NW
Washington, D.C. 20004
Attention: Morris DeFeo, Esq.
Email: mdefeo@crowell.com
Telephone.: (202) 624-2925
(b) if to Brekford:


Brekford Corp.
7020 Dorsey Road
Hanover, Maryland 21076
Attn: Rodney Hillman
Email: rhillman@brekford.com
with a copy to:
Sichenzia Ross Ference Kesner LLP
61 Broadway
New York, NY 10006
Attention: Thomas A. Rose, Esq.
Email: trose@srfkllp.com
Telephone: (212) 930-9700
 
 
51

 
Section 10.3. Expenses. Except as otherwise provided herein, all costs and 
expenses incurred in connection with this Agreement and the transactions 
contemplated hereby shall be paid by the Party incurring such costs and 
expenses, whether or not the transactions contemplated by this Agreement 
are consummated, and any actions taken by either party in furtherance 
thereof shall be at such Party’s sole risk and expense.


Section 10.4. Certain Definitions. For purposes of this Agreement, the 
following terms shall have the following meanings:


(a) “1933 Act” means the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as the same may be 
amended from time to time, and “Exchange Act” means the U.S. Securities 
Exchange Act of 1934, as the same may be amended from time to time.


(b) “affiliate” of a person means a person that directly or indirectly, 
through one or more intermediaries, controls, is controlled by, or is under 
common control with, the first mentioned person.


(c) “Brekford ERISA Affiliate” means any entity that would have ever been 
considered a single employer with Brekford under Section 4001(b) of ERISA 
or part of the same “controlled group” as Brekford for purposes of Section 
302(d)(3) of ERISA.


(d) “Company ERISA Affiliate” means any entity that would have ever been 
considered a single employer with the Company under Section 4001(b) of 
ERISA or part of the same “controlled group” as the Company for purposes of 
Section 302(d)(3) of ERISA.


(e) “control” (including the terms “controlled by” and “under common 
control with”) means the possession, direct or indirect, of the power to 
direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of a person, 
whether through the ownership of stock, as trustee or executor, by contract 
or credit arrangement or otherwise.


(f) “knowledge” of any Party shall mean the actual knowledge of the 
executive officers of such Party.


(g) “Material Adverse Effect” means any change in or effect on the business 
of the referenced corporation or any of its Subsidiaries that is or will be 
materially adverse to the business, operations (including the income 
statement), properties (including intangible properties), condition 
(financial or otherwise), assets, liabilities or regulatory status of such 
referenced corporation and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole, but shall not 
include the effects of changes that are generally applicable in (A) the 
United States economy or (B) the United States securities markets if, in 
any of (A) or (B), the effect on the Company or Brekford (as the case may 
be) and its respective Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, is not 
disproportionate relative to the effect on the other and its Subsidiaries, 
taken as a whole.


(h) “person” means an individual, corporation, partnership, association, 
trust, unincorporated organization, entity or group (as defined in the 
Exchange Act).


(i) “Subsidiary” means any corporation or other legal entity of which the 
Company or Brekford, as the case may be (either alone or through or 
together with any other Subsidiary or Subsidiaries), owns, directly or 
indirectly, more than 50% of the stock or other equity interests the 
holders of which are generally entitled to vote for the election of the 
board of directors or other governing body of such corporation or other 
legal entity.


 
52

 
Section 10.5. Headings. The headings contained in this Agreement are for 
reference purposes only and shall not affect in any way the meaning or 
interpretation of this Agreement.


Section 10.6. Severability. If any term or other provision of this 
Agreement is invalid, illegal or incapable of being enforced by any rule of 
law or public policy, all other conditions and provisions of this Agreement 
shall nevertheless remain in full force and effect so long as the economic 
or legal substance of the transactions contemplated hereby is not affected 
in any manner adverse to any Party. Upon such determination that any term 
or other provision is invalid, illegal or incapable of being enforced, the 
Parties shall negotiate in good faith to modify this Agreement so as to 
effect the original intent of the Parties as closely as possible in an 
acceptable manner to the end that the transactions contemplated hereby are 
fulfilled to the maximum extent possible.


Section 10.7. Entire Agreement; No Third-Party Beneficiaries. This 
Agreement constitutes the entire agreement and, except as expressly set 
forth herein, supersedes any and all other prior agreements and 
undertakings, both written and oral, among the Parties, or any of them, 
with respect to the subject matter hereof and, except for Section 7.7 (
Indemnification; Directors’ and Officers’ Insurance), is not intended to 
confer upon any person other than the Company, Brekford, Novume, Company 
Merger Sub and Brekford Merger Sub and, after the Effective Time, their 
respective stockholders, any rights or remedies hereunder.


Section 10.8. Assignment. This Agreement shall not be assigned by operation 
of law or otherwise.


Section 10.9. Governing Law. This Agreement shall be governed by, and 
construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of Delaware applicable 
to contracts executed in and to be performed entirely within that State, 
without regard to the conflicts of laws provisions thereof.


Section 10.10. Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in one or more 
counterparts, and by the different Parties in separate counterparts, each 
of which when executed shall be deemed to be an original, but all of which 
shall constitute one and the same agreement.


[Signature Page to Follow]




 
53

 


IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties have caused this Agreement to be executed 
by their respective officers hereunto duly authorized, all as of the date 
first written above.


 
KeyStone Solutions, Inc.,
a Delaware corporation
/s/ Robert A Berman                 
Name: Robert A. Berman         
Title: Chief Executive Officer  
 
Brekford Corp.,
a Delaware corporation
/s/ Rodney Hillman                   
Name: Rodney Hillman            
 
Title: President & COO             
 
Novume Solutions, Inc.,
a Delaware corporation
/s/ Robert A. Berman                 
Name: Robert A. Berman          
Title: Chief Executive Officer   
 
KeyStone Merger Sub, Inc.,
a Delaware corporation
/s/ Robert A. Berman                 
Name: Robert A. Berman          
Title: President                           
 
Brekford Merger Sub, Inc.,
a Delaware corporation
/s/ Robert A. Berman                 
Name: Robert A. Berman          
Title: President                           
 




 
[Signature page to the Agreement and Plan of Merger]


APPENDIX I


Certificate of Incorporation of Novume


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 

