 EX-10.1 3 ex10_1.htm
             SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT
 
 This SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT (this “Agreement”), dated as of January
 17, 2018, is entered into by and between DRONE GUARDER, INC., a Nevada
 corporation (the “Company”), and EMA Financial, LLC, a Delaware limited
 liability company (the “Purchaser”).
 
 WHEREAS, subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement
 and pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended
 (the “Securities Act” or “1933 Act”), and Rule 506 promulgated thereunder
 by the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”), the
 Company desires to issue and sell to the Purchaser, and the Purchaser
 desires to purchase from the Company a 8% Convertible Note of the Company,
 in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A, in the principal amount of
 $165,000.00 (together with any note(s) issued in replacement thereof or as
 interest thereon or otherwise with respect thereto in accordance with the
 terms thereof, the “Note”), convertible into shares (“Conversion Shares”)
 of common stock,
 $0.001 par value per share (the “Common Stock”), of the Company, upon the
 terms and subject to the limitations and conditions set forth in such
 Note.
 
 NOW, THEREFORE, IN CONSIDERATION of the mutual covenants contained in this
 Agreement, and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and
 adequacy of which are hereby acknowledged, the Company and the Purchaser
 agree as follows:
 
 1.      Purchase and Sale of Note.
 
 a)                  Purchase of Note. On the Closing Date (as defined
 below), the Company shall issue and sell to the Purchaser, and the
 Purchaser agrees to purchase from the Company, the Note for an aggregate
 purchase price of $156,000.00 (“Purchase Price”). In connection with the
 issuance of the Note, prior to the Closing Date (as defined below) the
 Company shall execute a registration rights agreement (the “Registration
 Rights Agreement”).
 
 b)                  Form of Payment. On the Closing Date (i) the Purchaser
 shall pay the Purchase Price by wire transfer of immediately available
 funds to the Company, in accordance with the Company’s written wiring
 instructions, simultaneously with delivery of the Note, and
 (ii) the Company shall deliver such Note duly executed on behalf of the
 Company to the Purchaser, simultaneously with delivery of such Purchase
 Price.
 
 c)                  Closing Date. Subject to the satisfaction (or written
 waiver) of the conditions thereto set forth in Section 6 and Section 7
 below, the closing of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement (the
 “Closing”) shall occur on the first business day following the date hereof
 or such other mutually agreed upon time (the “Closing Date”)
 
 2.      Purchaser’s Representations and Warranties. The Purchaser
 represents and warrants to the Company that:
 
 a)                  Investment Purpose. Purchaser is acquiring the Note
 and the Conversion Shares (collectively, the “Securities”) for its own
 account and not with a view towards, or for resale in connection with, the
 public sale or distribution thereof in violation of applicable securities
 laws; provided, however, by making the representations herein, Purchaser
 does not agree, or make any representation or warranty, to hold any of the
 Securities for any minimum or
  
  	1 	 

 
  
 other specific term and reserves the right to dispose of the Securities at
 any time in accordance with or pursuant to a registration statement or an
 exemption under the 1933 Act. The Purchaser is acquiring the Securities
 hereunder in the ordinary course of its business. The Purchaser does not
 presently have any agreement or understanding, directly or indirectly,
 with any person to distribute any of the Securities in violation of
 applicable securities laws.
 
 b)                  Accredited Investor Status. The Purchaser is an
 “accredited investor” as that term is defined in Rule 501(a) of Regulation
 D (an “Accredited Investor”).
 
 3.      Representations and Warranties of the Company. Except as disclosed
 by the Company in the publicly filed SEC Documents the Company represents
 and warrants to the Purchaser, as of the date hereof and the Closing Date,
 that:
 
 a)                  Organization and Qualification. The Company and each
 of its Subsidiaries (as defined below), if any, is a corporation duly
 organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the
 jurisdiction in which it is incorporated, with full power and authority
 (corporate and other) to own, lease, use and operate its properties and to
 carry on its business as and where now owned, leased, used, operated and
 conducted. The SEC Documents set forth a list of all of the Subsidiaries
 of the Company and the jurisdiction in which each is incorporated The
 Company and each of its Subsidiaries is duly qualified as a foreign
 corporation to do business and is in good standing in every jurisdiction
 in which its ownership or use of property or the nature of the business
 conducted by it makes such qualification necessary except where the
 failure to be so qualified or in good standing would not have a Material
 Adverse Effect. “Material Adverse Effect” means any material adverse
 effect on the business, operations, assets, financial condition or
 prospects of the Company or its Subsidiaries, if any, taken as a whole, or
 on the transactions contemplated hereby or by the agreements or
 instruments to be entered into in connection herewith. “Subsidiaries”
 means any corporation or other organization, whether incorporated or
 unincorporated, in which the Company owns, directly or indirectly, any
 equity or other ownership interest.
 
 b)                  Authorization; Enforcement. (i) The Company has all
 requisite corporate power and authority to enter into and perform this
 Agreement and the Note and to consummate the transactions contemplated
 hereby and thereby and to issue the Securities, in accordance with the
 terms hereof and thereof, (ii) the execution and delivery of this
 Agreement and the Note by the Company and the consummation by it of the
 transactions contemplated hereby and thereby (including without
 limitation, the issuance of the Note and the issuance and reservation for
 issuance of the Conversion Shares issuable upon conversion and exercise
 thereof) have been duly authorized by the Company’s Board of Directors and
 no further consent or authorization of the Company, its Board of
 Directors, or its shareholders is required, (iii) this Agreement has been
 duly executed and delivered by the Company by its authorized
 representative, and such authorized representative is the true and
 official representative with authority to sign this Agreement and the
 other documents executed in connection herewith and bind the Company
 accordingly, and (iv) this Agreement constitutes, and upon execution and
 delivery by the Company of the Note and each of such instruments will
 constitute, a legal, valid and binding obligation of the Company
 enforceable against the Company in accordance with its terms.
  
  	2 	 

 
  
 c)                  Capitalization. As of the date hereof, the authorized
 capital stock of the Company, and number of shares issued and outstanding,
 is as set forth in the Company’s most recent periodic report filed with
 the SEC. Except as disclosed in the SEC Documents no shares are reserved
 for issuance pursuant to the Company’s stock option plans. Except as
 disclosed in the SEC Documents no shares are reserved for issuance
 pursuant to securities exercisable for, or convertible into or
 exchangeable for shares of Common Stock. All of such outstanding shares of
 capital stock are, or upon issuance will be, duly authorized, validly
 issued, fully paid and non- assessable. No shares of capital stock of the
 Company are subject to preemptive rights or any other similar rights of
 the shareholders of the Company or any liens or encumbrances imposed
 through the actions or failure to act of the Company. As of the effective
 date of this Agreement, and except as disclosed in the SEC Documents, (i)
 there are no outstanding options, warrants, scrip, rights to subscribe
 for, puts, calls, rights of first refusal, agreements, understandings,
 claims or other commitments or rights of any character whatsoever relating
 to, or securities, notes or rights convertible into or exchangeable for
 any shares of capital stock of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or
 arrangements by which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is or may
 become bound to issue additional shares of capital stock of the Company or
 any of its Subsidiaries, (ii) there are no agreements or arrangements
 under which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is obligated to
 register the sale of any of its or their securities under the 1933 Act and
 (iii) there are no anti-dilution or price adjustment provisions contained
 in any security issued by the Company (or in any agreement providing
 rights to security holders) that will be triggered by the issuance of any
 of the Securities. The Company has furnished to the Purchaser true and
 correct copies of the Company’s Certificate or Articles of Incorporation
 as in effect on the date hereof (“Formation Documents”), the Company’s
 By-laws, as in effect on the date hereof (the “By- laws”), and the terms
 of all securities convertible into or exercisable for Common Stock of the
 Company and the material rights of the holders thereof in respect thereto.
 
 d)                 Issuance of Shares. The Conversion Shares are duly
 authorized and reserved for issuance and, upon conversion of the Note, as
 the case may be, in accordance with their respective terms, will be
 validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable, and free from all taxes,
 liens, claims and encumbrances with respect to the issue thereof and shall
 not be subject to preemptive rights or other similar rights of
 shareholders of the Company and will not impose personal liability upon
 the holder thereof.
 
 e)                  Acknowledgment of Dilution. The Company’s executive
 officers and directors understand the nature of the Securities being sold
 hereby and recognize that the issuance of the Securities will have a
 potential dilutive effect on the equity holdings of other holders of the
 Company’s equity or rights to receive equity of the Company. The Board of
 Directors of the Company has concluded, in its good faith business
 judgment that the issuance of the Securities is in the best interests of
 the Company. The Company specifically acknowledges that its obligation to
 issue the Conversion Shares upon conversion of the Notes is binding upon
 the Company and enforceable regardless of the dilution such issuance may
 have on the ownership interests of other stockholders of the Company or
 parties entitled to receive equity of the Company.
 
 f)                   No Conflicts. The execution, delivery and performance
 of this Agreement, and the Note by the Company and the consummation by the
 Company of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby (including,
 without limitation, the issuance and reservation for issuance of the
 Conversion Shares) will not (i) conflict with or result in a violation of
 any
  
  	3 	 

 
  
 provision of the Formation Documents or By-laws, or (ii) violate or
 conflict with, or result in a breach of any provision of, or constitute a
 default (or an event which with notice or lapse of time or both could
 become a default) under, or give to others any rights of termination,
 amendment, acceleration or cancellation of, any agreement, indenture,
 patent, patent license or instrument to which the Company or any of its
 Subsidiaries is a party and that is not filed as an SEC Document or other
 document filed with the SEC, or (iii) result in a violation of any law,
 rule, regulation, order, judgment or decree (including federal and state
 securities laws and regulations and regulations of any self-regulatory
 organizations to which the Company or its securities are subject)
 applicable to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or by which any
 property or asset of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is bound or
 affected (except for such conflicts, defaults, terminations, amendments,
 accelerations, cancellations and violations as would not, individually or
 in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect). Neither the Company nor
 any of its Subsidiaries is in violation of its Formation Documents,
 By-laws or other organizational documents and neither the Company nor any
 of its Subsidiaries is in default (and no event has occurred which with
 notice or lapse of time or both could put the Company or any of its
 Subsidiaries in default) under, and neither the Company nor any of its
 Subsidiaries has taken any action or failed to take any action that would
 give to others any rights of termination, amendment, acceleration or
 cancellation of, any agreement, indenture or instrument to which the
 Company or any of its Subsidiaries is a party or by which any property or
 assets of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is bound or affected,
 except for possible defaults as would not, individually or in the
 aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect. The businesses of the Company
 and its Subsidiaries, if any, are not being conducted, and shall not be
 conducted so long as the Purchaser owns any of the Securities, in
 violation of any law, ordinance or regulation of any governmental entity.
 Except as specifically contemplated by this Agreement and as required
 under the 1933 Act and any applicable state securities laws, the Company
 is not required to obtain any consent, authorization or order of, or make
 any filing or registration with, any court, governmental agency,
 regulatory agency, self-regulatory organization or stock market or any
 third party in order for it to execute, deliver or perform any of its
 obligations under this Agreement and the Note in accordance with the terms
 hereof or thereof or to issue and sell the Securities in accordance with
 the terms hereof and thereof and to issue the Conversion Shares. All
 consents, authorizations, orders, filings and registrations which the
 Company is required to obtain pursuant to the preceding sentence have been
 obtained or effected on or prior to the date hereof. The Company is not in
 violation of the listing requirements of the Over-the-Counter Bulletin
 Board (the “OTCBB”), or OTCQB, and does not reasonably anticipate that the
 Common Stock will be delisted by the OTCBB, or OTCQB, in the foreseeable
 future. The Company and its Subsidiaries are unaware of any facts or
 circumstances which might give rise to any of the foregoing.
 
 g)                  SEC Documents; Financial Statements. The Company has
 filed all reports, schedules, forms, statements and other documents
 required to be filed by it with the SEC (all of the foregoing filed prior
 to the date hereof and all exhibits included therein and financial
 statements and schedules thereto and documents (other than exhibits to
 such documents) incorporated by reference therein, being hereinafter
 referred to herein as the “SEC Documents”). Upon written request the
 Company will deliver to the Purchaser true and complete copies of the SEC
 Documents, except for such exhibits and incorporated documents. As of
 their respective dates, the SEC Documents complied in all material
 respects with the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
 amended (“1934 Act” or “Exchange Act”), and none of the SEC Documents, at
 the time they were filed with the SEC, contained any untrue statement of a
  
  	4 	 

 
  
 material fact or omitted to state a material fact required to be stated
 therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in light of
 the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. None of the
 statements made in any such SEC Documents is, or has been, required to be
 amended or updated under applicable law (except for such statements as
 have been amended or updated in subsequent filings prior the date hereof).
 As of their respective dates, the financial statements of the Company
 included in the SEC Documents complied as to form in all material respects
 with applicable accounting requirements and the published rules and
 regulations of the SEC with respect thereto. Such financial statements
 have been prepared in accordance with United States generally accepted
 accounting principles, consistently applied, during the periods involved
 and fairly present in all material respects the consolidated financial
 position of the Company and its consolidated Subsidiaries as of the dates
 thereof and the consolidated results of their operations and cash flows
 for the periods then ended (subject, in the case of unaudited statements,
 to normal year-end audit adjustments). Except as set forth in the
 financial statements of the Company included in the SEC Documents, the
 Company has no liabilities, contingent or otherwise, other than (i)
 liabilities incurred in the ordinary course of business, and (ii)
 obligations under contracts and commitments incurred in the ordinary
 course of business and not required under generally accepted accounting
 principles to be reflected in such financial statements, which,
 individually or in the aggregate, are not material to the financial
 condition or operating results of the Company. The Company is subject to
 the reporting requirements of the 1934 Act.
 
 h)                  Absence of Certain Changes. Since January 31, 2017,
 there has been no material adverse change and no material adverse
 development in the assets, liabilities, business, properties, operations,
 financial condition, results of operations, prospects or 1934 Act
 reporting status of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries.
 
 i)                    Absence of Litigation. There is no action, suit,
 claim, proceeding, inquiry or investigation before or by any court, public
 board, government agency, self-regulatory organization or body pending or,
 to the knowledge of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, threatened
 against or affecting the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or their
 officers or directors in their capacity as such, that could have a
 Material Adverse Effect. The public filings contain a complete list and
 summary description of any pending or, to the knowledge of the Company,
 threatened proceeding against or affecting the Company or any of its
 Subsidiaries, without regard to whether it would have a Material Adverse
 Effect. The Company and its Subsidiaries are unaware of any facts or
 circumstances which might give rise to any of the foregoing.
 
 j)                    Patents, Copyrights, etc. The Company and each of
 its Subsidiaries owns or possesses the requisite licenses or rights to use
 all patents, patent applications, patent rights, inventions, know-how,
 trade secrets, trademarks, trademark applications, service marks, service
 names, trade names and copyrights (“Intellectual Property”) necessary to
 enable it to conduct its business as now operated (and, as presently
 contemplated to be operated in the future); there is no claim or action by
 any person pertaining to, or proceeding pending, or to the Company’s
 knowledge threatened, which challenges the right of the Company or of a
 Subsidiary with respect to any Intellectual Property necessary to enable
 it to conduct its business as now operated (and, as presently contemplated
 to be operated in the future); to the best of the Company’s knowledge, the
 Company’s or its Subsidiaries’ current and intended products, services and
 processes do not infringe on any Intellectual Property or other rights
 held by any person and/or entity; and the Company is unaware of any facts
 or circumstances which might give rise to any of the foregoing. The
 Company and each of its Subsidiaries have taken reasonable security
 measures to protect the secrecy, confidentiality and value of their
 Intellectual Property.
  
  	5 	 

 
 
 k)                  No Materially Adverse Contracts, Etc. Neither the
 Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is subject to any charter, corporate
 or other legal restriction, or any judgment, decree, order, rule or
 regulation which in the judgment of the Company’s officers has or is
 expected in the future to have a Material Adverse Effect. Neither the
 Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is a party to any contract or
 agreement which in the judgment of the Company’s officers has or is
 expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.
 
 l)                    Disclosure. No event or circumstance has occurred or
 exists with respect to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or its or
 their business, properties, prospects, operations or financial conditions,
 which, under applicable law, rule or regulation, requires public
 disclosure or announcement by the Company but which has not been so
 publicly announced or disclosed.
 
 m)                Brokers. The Company hereby represents and warrants that
 it has not hired, retained or dealt with any broker, finder, consultant,
 person, firm or corporation (“Broker”) in connection with the negotiation,
 execution or delivery of this Agreement or the transactions contemplated
 hereunder. The Company covenants and agrees that should any claim be made
 against Purchaser for any commission or other compensation by the Broker,
 based upon the Company’s engagement of such person in connection with this
 transaction, the Company shall indemnify, defend and hold Purchaser
 harmless from and against any and all damages, expenses (including
 attorneys’ fees and disbursements) and liability arising from such claim.
 The Company shall pay the commission of the Broker, to the attention of
 the Broker, pursuant to their separate agreement(s) between the Company
 and the Broker.
 
 n)                  Permits; Compliance. The Company and each of its
 Subsidiaries is in possession of all franchises, grants, authorizations,
 licenses, permits, easements, variances, exemptions, consents,
 certificates, approvals and orders necessary to own, lease and operate its
 properties and to carry on its business as it is now being conducted
 (collectively, the “Company Permits”), and there is no action pending or,
 to the knowledge of the Company, threatened regarding suspension or
 cancellation of any of the Company Permits. Neither the Company nor any of
 its Subsidiaries is in conflict with, or in default or violation of, any
 of the Company Permits, except for any such conflicts, defaults or
 violations which, individually or in the aggregate, would not reasonably
 be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. Since January 31, 2017,
 neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has received any
 notification with respect to possible conflicts, defaults or violations of
 applicable laws, except for notices relating to possible conflicts,
 defaults or violations, which conflicts, defaults or violations would not
 have a Material Adverse Effect.
 
  o)                  Insurance. The Company and its Subsidiaries are
  insured by insurers of recognized financial responsibility against such
  losses and risks and in such coverage, amounts as are prudent and
  customary in the businesses in which the Company is engaged, including,
  but not limited to, directors and officer’s insurance coverage with
  coverage amounts that are at least equal to the aggregate Purchase Price.
  Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has any reason to believe that it
  will not be able to renew its existing insurance coverage as and when
  such coverage expires or to obtain similar coverage from similar insurers
  as may be necessary to continue its business without a significant
  increase in cost.
   
  	6 	 

 
 
 p)                  No “Shell”. As of the date of this Agreement, either
 (i) the Company is not or has never been a “shell issuer” as defined in
 Rule 144 or (ii) at least 12 months have passed since the Company filed
 Form 10 Type information indicating it is not a “shell issuer”.
 
 q)                  Bad Actor. No officer or director of the Company would
 be disqualified under Rule 506(d) of the Securities Act as amended on the
 basis of being a “bad actor”.
 
 r)                   Issuance of Unrestricted Shares. The Company hereby
 represents and warrants that while the Note is outstanding it shall not
 issue nor instruct, or cause its transfer agent to issue unrestricted
 shares of Company’s Common Stock to any third party (except for
 unrestricted shares issued to Auctus Fund, LLC).
 
 
 4.      COVENANTS.
 
  a)                  Best Efforts. The parties shall use their best
  efforts to satisfy timely each of the conditions described in Section 6
  and 7 of this Agreement.
 
  b)                  Form D; Blue Sky Laws. The Company agrees when
  applicable to timely file a Form D with respect to the Securities as
  required under Regulation D and to provide a copy thereof to the
  Purchaser promptly after such filing. The Company shall, on or before the
  Closing Date, take such action as the Company shall reasonably determine
  is necessary to qualify the Securities for sale to the Purchaser at the
  applicable closing pursuant to this Agreement under applicable securities
  or “blue sky” laws of the states of the United States (or to obtain an
  exemption from such qualification), and shall provide evidence of any
  such action so taken to the Purchaser on or prior to the Closing Date.
 
  c)                  Use of Proceeds. The Company shall use the proceeds
  from the sale of the Securities for general corporate purposes, marketing
  and sales, product development, key personnel recruiting and business
  development purposes.
 
  d)                 Financial Information. Upon written request of the
  Purchaser, the Company agrees to within (3) three days of the written
  request send or make available the following reports filed with the SEC
  or OTC Markets Group to the Purchaser: a copy of its Annual Report and
  its Quarterly Reports and any Supplemental Reports; (ii) copies of all
  press releases issued by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries; and
  (iii) copies of any notices or other information the Company makes
  available or gives to such shareholders. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
  the Company shall not disclose any material nonpublic information to the
  Purchaser without its consent unless such information is disclosed to the
  public prior to or promptly following such disclosure to the Purchaser.
 
  e)                  Listing. The Company will obtain and, so long as the
  Purchaser owns any of the Securities, maintain the listing and trading of
  its Common Stock on the OTCBB, and
   
  	7 	 

 
   
  OTCQB, or any equivalent replacement exchange, the NASDAQ Stock Market
  (“NASDAQ”), the New York Stock Exchange (“NYSE”), or the NYSE MKT, f/k/a
  American Stock Exchange (“AMEX”), and will comply in all respects with
  the Company’s reporting, filing and other obligations under the bylaws or
  rules of the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (“FINRA”) and such
  exchanges, as applicable. The Company shall promptly provide to the
  Purchaser copies of any notices it receives from the SEC, OTC Markets
  Group and any other exchanges or quotation systems on which the Common
  Stock is then listed regarding the continued eligibility of the Common
  Stock for listing on such exchanges and quotation systems, provided that
  it shall not provide any notices constituting material nonpublic
  information.
 
  f)                   Corporate Existence. So long as the Purchaser
  beneficially owns any Securities, the Company shall maintain its
  corporate existence and shall not sell all or substantially all of the
  Company’s assets, except in the event of a merger or consolidation or
  sale of all or substantially all of the Company’s assets, where the
  surviving or successor entity in such transaction (i) assumes the
  Company’s obligations hereunder and under the agreements and instruments
  entered into in connection herewith and (ii) is a publicly traded
  corporation whose Common Stock is listed for trading on NASDAQ, NYSE or
  AMEX.
 
  g)                  No Integration. The Company shall not make any offers
  or sales of any security (other than the Securities) under circumstances
  that would require registration of the Securities being offered or sold
  hereunder under the 1933 Act or cause the offering of the Securities to
  be integrated with any other offering of securities by the Company for
  the purpose of any stockholder approval provision applicable to the
  Company or its securities.
 
 h)                  Securities Laws Disclosure; Publicity. The Company
 shall comply with applicable securities laws by filing a Current Report on
 Form 8-K, within four (4) Trading Days following the date hereof,
 disclosing all the material terms of the transactions contemplated hereby.
 
 i)                    Non-Public Information. Except with respect to the
 material terms and conditions of the transactions contemplated by this
 Agreement, the Company covenants and agrees that neither it nor any other
 person acting on its behalf will provide the Purchaser or its agents or
 counsel with any information that the Company believes constitutes
 material non-public information, unless prior thereto the Purchaser shall
 have executed a written agreement regarding the confidentiality and use of
 such information. The Company understands and confirms that the Purchaser
 shall be relying on the foregoing covenant in effecting transactions in
 securities of the Company.
 
 j)                    Subsidiaries. So long as the Note remains
 outstanding, the Company shall not transfer any assets or rights to any of
 its subsidiaries or permit any of its subsidiaries to engage in any
 significant business or operations, whether such subsidiaries are
 currently existing or hereafter created.
 
 k)                  Insurance. So long as the Note remains outstanding,
 the Company and its Subsidiaries shall maintain in full force and effect
 insurance reasonably believed by the Company to be adequate coverage (a)
 on all assets and activities, covering property loss or damage and loss of
 income by fire or other hazards or casualty, and (b) against all
 liabilities, claims and risks for which it is customary for companies
 similarly situated to the Company to insure, including without limitation
 applicable product liability insurance, required workmen’s compensation
 insurance, and other insurance covering injury or damage to persons or
 property, but excluding directors and officers insurance coverage. The
 Company shall promptly furnish or cause to be furnished evidence of such
 insurance to the Purchaser, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory
 to the Purchaser.
  
  	8 	 

 
 
 l)                    ROFR. At any time while the Note is outstanding, the
 Company desires to borrow funds, raise additional capital and/or issue
 additional promissory notes convertible into shares of securities of the
 Company (a “Prospective Financing”), the Purchaser shall have the right of
 first refusal to participate in the Prospective Financing, and the Company
 shall provide written notice containing the terms of such Prospective
 Financing (the “ROFR Notice”) to the Purchaser prior to effectuating any
 such transaction. The ROFR Notice shall specify all of the key terms of
 the Prospective Financing, including, but not limited to, the proposed
 investment amount, the proposed rate of interest, the proposed conversion
 price, the proposed term of the investment, the type and number of
 securities to be sold and any and all other relevant terms, each as
 applicable. Upon Purchaser’s receipt of the ROFR Notice, Purchaser shall
 have the exclusive right to participate in such Prospective Financing(s),
 upon the terms specified in the ROFR Notice, by sending written notice to
 the Company within seven (7) business days after Purchaser’s receipt of
 the ROFR Notice. In the event Purchaser fails to exercise its right of
 first refusal with respect to an ROFR Notice within the time set forth
 above, Purchaser shall be deemed to have waived its right of first refusal
 with respect to such Prospective Financing, provided that it shall retain
 such right with respect to any future Prospective Financing.
 Notwithstanding anything contained herein, the Company shall not furnish
 any material non-public information concerning the Company without the
 Purchaser’s prior written consent, and shall initially only indicate to
 the Purchaser that the Company contemplates a financing. Notwithstanding
 anything contained herein, in no event shall the Purchaser be entitled to
 purchase any securities which would cause the sum of (1) the number of
 shares of Common Stock beneficially owned by the Purchaser and its
 affiliates (other than shares of Common Stock which may be deemed
 beneficially owned through the ownership of the unconverted portion of the
 Note or the unexercised or unconverted portion of any other security of
 the Company subject to a limitation on conversion or exercise analogous to
 the limitations contained herein) and (2) the number of shares of directly
 or indirectly purchasable under this Section, to exceed 4.9% of the
 outstanding shares of Common Stock (or 9.99% of the total issued Common
 Stock of the Company if specified by Purchaser and accompanied with
 applicable documentation such as any Amendment made to this Agreement or
 the Note).
 
 m)                Future Financings: From the date hereof until such time
 as the Purchaser no longer holds any of the Securities, in the event the
 Company issues or sells any shares of Common Stock or securities directly
 or indirectly convertible into or exercisable for Common Stock (“Common
 Stock Equivalents”) or amends the transaction documents relating to any
 sale or issuance of Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents, and the
 Purchaser reasonably believes that the terms and conditions thereunder are
 more favorable to such investors as the terms and conditions granted under
 this Agreement, Note or any document provided by the Purchaser to the
 Company relating to any sale or issuance of Common Stock (the “Transaction
 Documents”), upon notice to the Company by such Purchaser, the Transaction
 Documents shall be deemed automatically amended so as to give the
 Purchaser the benefit of such more favorable terms or
  
  	9 	 

 
  
 conditions. Promptly following a request to the Company the Company shall
 provide Purchaser with all executed transaction documents relating to any
 such sale or issue of Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents. Company
 shall deliver acknowledgment of such automatic amendment to the
 Transaction Documents to Purchaser in form and substance reasonably
 satisfactory to the Purchaser (the “Acknowledgment”) within three (3)
 business days of Company’s receipt of request from Purchaser (the
 “Deadline”), provided that Company’s failure to timely provide the
 Acknowledgement shall not affect the automatic amendments contemplated
 hereby. If the Acknowledgement is not delivered by the Deadline, Company
 shall pay to the Purchaser $1,000.00 per day in cash, for each day beyond
 the Deadline that the Company fails to deliver such Acknowledgement Such
 cash amount shall be paid to Holder by the first day of the month
 following the month in which it has accrued or, at the option of the
 Holder, shall be added to the principal amount of the Note, in which event
 interest shall accrue thereon in accordance with the terms of the Note and
 such additional principal amount shall be convertible into Common Stock in
 accordance with the terms of the Note.
 
 n)                  Piggyback Registration Rights. Borrower shall include
 on the next registration statement Borrower files with the SEC (or on the
 subsequent registration statement if such registration statement is
 withdrawn) all shares issuable upon conversion of the Note. Failure to do
 so will result in liquidated damages of fifty percent (50%) of the
 outstanding principal amount of the Note, but notless than twenty-five
 thousand dollars ($25,000), being immediately due and payable to Holder at
 its election in the form of cash payment or addition to the balance of the
 Note.
 
 o)                  Registration Rights Agreement. The Borrower shall on
 the date, which is no later than ten (10) days following the Closing
 (“Filing Deadline”) file the Registration Statement (as defined in the
 Registration Rights Agreement) with the SEC, which shall register five
 times all the shares issuable upon full conversion of the Note, and within
 ninety (90) days of Closing, the Registration Statement registering five
 times the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon full conversion
 of this Note shall be effective.
 
  5.      Transfer Agent Instructions. Upon receipt of a duly executed
  Notice of Conversion, the Company shall issue irrevocable instructions to
  its transfer agent to issue certificates, registered in the name of the
  Purchaser or its nominee, for the Conversion Shares in such amounts as
  specified from time to time by the Purchaser to the Company upon
  conversion of the Note, or any part thereof, in accordance with the terms
  thereof (the “Irrevocable Transfer Agent Instructions”). In the event
  that the Company proposes to replace its transfer agent, the Company
  shall provide, prior to the effective date of such replacement, a fully
  executed Irrevocable Transfer Agent Instructions in a form as initially
  delivered pursuant to this Agreement and the Securities (including but
  not limited to the provision to irrevocably reserve shares of Common
  Stock in the Reserved Amount (as defined in the Note)) signed by the
  successor transfer agent to Company and the Company. Prior to
  registration of the Conversion Shares under the 1933 Act or the date on
  which the Conversion Shares may be sold pursuant to Rule 144 without any
  restriction as to the number of Securities as of a particular date that
  can then be immediately sold, all such certificates shall bear the
  restrictive legend specified in Section 2(g) of this Agreement. The
  Company warrants that: (i) no instruction other than the Irrevocable
  Transfer Agent Instructions referred to in this Section 5, and stop
  transfer instructions to give effect to Section 2(f) hereof (in the case
  of the Conversion Shares, prior to
   
  	10 	 

 
   
  registration of the Conversion Shares under the 1933 Act or the date on
  which the Conversion Shares may be sold pursuant to Rule 144 without any
  restriction as to the number of Securities as of a particular date that
  can then be immediately sold), will be given by the Company to its
  transfer agent and that the Securities shall otherwise be freely
  transferable on the books and records of the Company as and to the extent
  provided in this Agreement and the Note; (ii) it will not direct its
  transfer agent not to transfer or delay, impair, and/or hinder its
  transfer agent in transferring (or issuing)(electronically or in
  certificated form) any certificate for Conversion Shares to be issued to
  the Purchaser upon conversion of or otherwise pursuant to the Note as and
  when required by the Note and this Agreement; and (iii) it will not fail
  to remove (or direct its transfer agent not to remove or impair, delay,
  and/or hinder its transfer agent from removing) any restrictive legend
  (or to withdraw any stop transfer instructions in respect thereof) on any
  certificate for any Conversion Shares issued to the Purchaser upon
  conversion of or otherwise pursuant to the Note as and when required by
  the Note and this Agreement. Nothing in this Section shall affect in any
  way the Purchaser’s obligations and agreement set forth in Section 2(g)
  hereof to comply with all applicable prospectus delivery requirements, if
  any, upon re-sale of the Securities. If the Purchaser provides the
  Company with (i) an opinion of counsel in form, substance and scope
  customary for opinions in comparable transactions, to the effect that a
  public sale or transfer of such Securities may be made without
  registration under the 1933 Act and such sale or transfer is effected or
  (ii) the Purchaser provides reasonable assurances that the Securities can
  be sold pursuant to Rule 144, the Company shall permit the transfer, and,
  in the case of the Conversion Shares, promptly instruct its transfer
  agent to issue one or more certificates, free from restrictive legend, in
  such name and in such denominations as specified by the Purchaser. The
  Company acknowledges that a breach by it of its obligations hereunder
  will cause irreparable harm to the Purchaser, by vitiating the intent and
  purpose of the transactions contemplated hereby. Accordingly, the Company
  acknowledges that the remedy at law for a breach of its obligations under
  this Section 5 may be inadequate and agrees, in the event of a breach or
  threatened breach by the Company of the provisions of this Section, that
  the Purchaser shall be entitled, in addition to all other available
  remedies, to an injunction restraining any breach and requiring immediate
  transfer, without the necessity of showing economic loss and without any
  bond or other security being required.
 
  6.      Injunction Posting of Bond. In the event the Purchaser shall
  elect to convert the Note or any parts thereof, the Company may not
  refuse conversion or exercise based on any claim that Purchaser or anyone
  associated or affiliated with Purchaser has been engaged in any violation
  of law, or for any other reason. In connection with any injunction sought
  or attempted by the Company, the Company shall be required to post a bond
  at least equal to the greater of either: (i) the outstanding principal
  amount of the Note; and (ii) the market value of the Conversion Shares
  sought to be converted, exercised or issued, based on the sale price per
  share of Common Stock on the principal market on which it is traded.
 
 7.      Delivery of Unlegended Shares.
 
  a)                  Within three (3) business days (such third business
  day being the “Unlegended Shares Delivery Date”) after the business day
  on which the Company has received (i) a notice that Conversion Shares, or
  any other Common Stock held by the Purchaser has been sold pursuant to a
  registration statement or Rule 144 under the 1933 Act, (ii) a
  representation that the prospectus delivery requirements, or the
  requirements of Rule 144, as
   
  	11 	 

 
   
  applicable and if required, have been satisfied, (iii) the original share
  certificates representing the shares of Common Stock that have been sold,
  and (iv) in the case of sales under Rule 144, customary representation
  letters of the Purchaser and, if required, Purchaser’s broker regarding
  compliance with the requirements of Rule 144, the Company at its expense,
  (y) shall deliver, and shall cause legal counsel selected by the Company
  to deliver to its transfer agent (with copies to Purchaser) an
  appropriate instruction and opinion of such counsel, directing the
  delivery of shares of Common Stock without any legends including the
  legend set forth in Section 4(h) above (the “Unlegended Shares”); and (z)
  cause the transmission of the certificates representing the Unlegended
  Shares together with a legended certificate representing the balance of
  the submitted Common Stock certificate, if any, to the Purchaser at the
  address specified in the notice of sale, via express courier, by
  electronic transfer or otherwise on or before the Unlegended Shares
  Delivery Date.
 
  b)                  The Company understands that a delay in the delivery
  of the Unlegended Shares later than the Unlegended Shares Delivery Date
  could result in economic loss to the Purchaser. As compensation to
  Purchaser for such loss, the Company agrees to pay late payment fees (as
  liquidated damages and not as a penalty) to the Purchaser for late
  delivery of Unlegended Shares in the amount of $1,000.00 per business day
  after the Unlegended Shares Delivery Date. If during any three hundred
  and sixty (360) day period, the Company fails to deliver Unlegended
  Shares as required by this Section for an aggregate of thirty (30) days,
  then Purchaser or assignee holding Securities subject to such default
  may, at its option, require the Company to redeem all or any portion of
  the shares subject to such default at a price per share equal to the
  greater of (i) 200% of the most recent closing price of the Common Stock
  or (ii) the parity value of the Default Sum to be paid (as defined in
  Section 3.16 of the Note) (“Unlegended Redemption Amount”). The Company
  shall pay any payments incurred under this Section in immediately
  available funds upon demand.
 
  8.      Conditions to the Company’s Obligation to Sell. The obligation of
  the Company hereunder to issue and sell the Note to the Purchaser at the
  Closing is subject to the satisfaction, at or before the Closing Date of
  each of the following conditions provided that these conditions are for
  the Company’s sole benefit and may be waived by the Company at any time
  in its sole discretion:
 
 a)                  The Purchaser shall have executed this Agreement and
 delivered the same to the Company.
 
 b)                  The Purchaser shall have delivered the Purchase Price
 to the Company.
 
  c)                  The representations and warranties of the Purchaser
  shall be true and correct in all material respects as of the date when
  made and as of the Closing Date as though made at that time (except for
  representations and warranties that speak as of a specific date), and the
  Purchaser shall have performed, satisfied and complied in all material
  respects with the covenants, agreements and conditions required by this
  Agreement to be performed, satisfied or complied with by the Purchaser at
  or prior to the Closing Date.
 
  d)                 No litigation, statute, rule, regulation, executive
  order, decree, ruling or injunction shall have been enacted, entered,
  promulgated or endorsed by or in any court or governmental authority of
  competent jurisdiction or any self-regulatory organization having
  authority over the matters contemplated hereby which prohibits the
  consummation of any of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.
   
  	12 	 

 
 
  9.      Conditions to The Purchaser’s Obligation to Purchase. The
  obligation of the Purchaser hereunder to purchase the Note at the Closing
  is subject to the satisfaction, at or before the Closing Date of each of
  the following conditions, provided that these conditions are for the
  Purchaser’s sole benefit and may be waived by the Purchaser at any time
  in its sole discretion:
 
  a)                  The Company shall have executed this Agreement and
  delivered the same to the Purchaser.
 
  b)                  The Company shall have delivered to the Purchaser the
  duly executed Note (in such denominations as the Purchaser shall request)
  in accordance with Section 1 above.
 
  c)                  The Irrevocable Transfer Agent Instructions, in form
  and substance satisfactory to the Purchaser, shall have been delivered to
  and acknowledged in writing by the Company’s Transfer Agent (a copy of
  which written acknowledgment shall be provided to Purchaser prior to
  Closing).
 
  d)                 The representations and warranties of the Company
  shall be true and correct in all material respects as of the date when
  made and as of the Closing Date as though made at such time (except for
  representations and warranties that speak as of a specific date) and the
  Company shall have performed, satisfied and complied in all material
  respects with the covenants, agreements and conditions required by this
  Agreement to be performed, satisfied or complied with by the Company at
  or prior to the Closing Date. The Purchaser shall have received a
  certificate or certificates reasonably requested by the Purchaser
  including, but not limited to certificates with respect to the Company’s
  Formation Documents, By-laws, and Board of Directors’ resolutions
  relating to the transactions contemplated hereby.
 
  e)                  No litigation, statute, rule, regulation, executive
  order, decree, ruling or injunction shall have been enacted, entered,
  promulgated or endorsed by or in any court or governmental authority of
  competent jurisdiction or any self-regulatory organization having
  authority over the matters contemplated hereby which prohibits the
  consummation of any of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.
 
  f)                   No event shall have occurred which could reasonably
  be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on the Company including
  but not limited to a change in the 1934 Act reporting status of the
  Company or the failure of the Company to be timely in its 1934 Act
  reporting obligations.
 
  g)                  The Conversion Shares shall have been authorized for
  quotation on the OTCBB, OTCQB, and OTC Pink and trading of the Common
  Stock on the OTCBB, OTCQB, and OTC Pink shall not have been suspended by
  the SEC or the OTC Markets Group.
 
 10.  Governing Law; Miscellaneous.
  
  	13 	 

 
   
  a)                  Governing Law. This Agreement shall be governed by
  and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Nevada without
  regard to principles of conflicts of laws thereof or any other State. Any
  action brought by any party against any other party hereto concerning the
  transactions contemplated by this Agreement shall be brought only in the
  state courts of New York or in the federal courts located in the state
  and county of New York. The parties to this Agreement hereby irrevocably
  waive any objection to jurisdiction and venue of any action instituted
  hereunder and shall not assert any defense based on lack of jurisdiction
  or venue or based upon forum non conveniens. The parties executing this
  Agreement and other agreements referred to herein or delivered in
  connection herewith on behalf of the Company agree to submit to the in
  personam jurisdiction of such courts and hereby irrevocably waive trial
  by jury. The prevailing party shall be entitled to recover from the other
  party its reasonable attorney’s fees and costs. In the event that any
  provision of this Agreement or any other agreement delivered in
  connection herewith is invalid or unenforceable under any applicable
  statute or rule of law, then such provision shall be deemed inoperative
  to the extent that it may conflict therewith and shall be deemed modified
  to conform with such statute or rule of law. Any such provision which may
  prove invalid or unenforceable under any law shall not affect the
  validity or enforceability of any other provision of any agreement. Each
  party hereto hereby irrevocably waives personal service of process and
  consents to process being served in any suit, action or proceeding in
  connection with this Agreement or any other transaction document
  contemplated hereby by mailing a copy thereof via registered or certified
  mail or overnight delivery (with evidence of delivery) to such party at
  the address in effect for notices to it under this Agreement and agrees
  that such service shall constitute good and sufficient service of process
  and notice thereof. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in
  any way any right to serve process in any other manner permitted by law.
 
  b)                  Removal of Restrictive Legends. In the event that
  Purchaser has any shares of the Company’s Common Stock bearing any
  restrictive legends, and Purchaser, through its counsel or other
  representatives, submits to the Transfer Agent any such shares for the
  removal of the restrictive legends thereon in connection with a sale of
  such shares pursuant to any exemption to the registration requirements
  under the Securities Act, and the Company and or its counsel refuses or
  fails for any reason (except to the extent that such refusal or failure
  is based solely on applicable law that would prevent the removal of such
  restrictive legends) to render an opinion of counsel or any other
  documents or certificates required for the removal of the restrictive
  legends, then the Company hereby agrees and acknowledges that the
  Purchaser is hereby irrevocably and expressly authorized to have counsel
  to the Purchaser render any and all opinions and other certificates or
  instruments which may be required for purposes of removing such
  restrictive legends, and the Company hereby irrevocably authorizes and
  directs the Transfer Agent to, without any further confirmation or
  instructions from the Company, issue any such shares without restrictive
  legends as instructed by the Purchaser, and surrender to a common carrier
  for overnight delivery to the address as specified by the Purchaser,
  certificates, registered in the name of the Purchaser or its designees,
  representing the shares of Common Stock to which the Purchaser is
  entitled, without any restrictive legends and otherwise freely
  transferable on the books and records of the Company.
 
  c)                  Filing Requirements. From the date of this Agreement
  until the Notes are no longer outstanding, the Company will timely and
  voluntarily comply with all reporting requirements that are applicable to
  an issuer with a class of shares registered pursuant to Section
   
  	14 	 

 
   
  12(g) of the 1934 Act, whether or not the Company is then subject to such
  reporting requirements, and comply with all requirements related to any
  registration statement filed pursuant to this Agreement. The Company will
  use reasonable efforts not to take any action or file any document
  (whether or not permitted by the 1933 Act or the 1934 Act or the rules
  thereunder) to terminate or suspend such registration or to terminate or
  suspend its reporting and filing obligations under said acts until the
  Notes are no longer outstanding. The Company will maintain the quotation
  or listing of its Common Stock on the OTCBB, OTCQB, NYSE, or NASDAQ Stock
  Market (whichever of the foregoing is at the time the principal trading
  exchange or market for the Common Stock (the “Principal Market”), and
  will comply in all respects with the Company’s reporting, filing and
  other obligations under the bylaws or rules of the Principal Market, as
  applicable. The Company will provide Purchaser with copies of all notices
  it receives notifying the Company of the threatened and actual delisting
  of the Common Stock from any Principal Market. As of the date of this
  Agreement and the Closing Date, the OTCQB is the Principal Market. Until
  the Note is no longer outstanding, the Company will continue the listing
  or quotation of the Common Stock on a Principal Market and will comply in
  all respects with the Company’s reporting, filing and other obligations
  under the bylaws or rules of the Principal Market.
 
  d)                 Fees and Expenses. On or prior to the Closing, the
  Company shall pay or reimburse to Purchaser a non-refundable,
  non-accountable sum equal to $6,600.00 as and for the fees, costs and
  expenses (including without limitation legal fees and disbursements and
  due diligence and administrative expenses) incurred by the Purchaser in
  connection with the Purchaser’s due diligence and negotiation,
  preparation and execution of the Transaction Documents and consummation
  of the Transactions. The Purchaser may withhold and offset the balance of
  such amount from the payment of its Purchase Price otherwise payable
  hereunder at Closing, which offset shall constitute partial payment of
  such Purchase Price in an amount equal to such offset. Except as
  expressly set forth in this Agreement or the Note to the contrary, each
  party shall pay the fees and expenses of its advisers, counsel,
  accountants and other experts, if any, and all other expenses incurred by
  such party incident to the negotiation, preparation, execution, delivery
  and performance of this Agreement. The Company shall pay all transfer
  agent fees, stamp taxes and other taxes and duties levied in connection
  with the delivery of any Securities to the Purchaser.
 
  e)                  Usury. To the extent it may lawfully do so, the
  Company hereby agrees not to insist upon or plead or in any manner
  whatsoever claim, and will resist any and all efforts to be compelled to
  take the benefit or advantage of, usury laws wherever enacted, now or at
  any time hereafter in force, in connection with any claim, action or
  proceeding that may be brought by the Purchaser in order to enforce any
  right or remedy under the Note. Notwithstanding any provision to the
  contrary contained in herein or under the Note, it is expressly agreed
  and provided that the total liability of the Company under the Note for
  payments in the nature of interest shall not exceed the maximum lawful
  rate authorized under applicable law (the “Maximum Rate”), and, without
  limiting the foregoing, in no event shall any rate of interest or default
  interest, or both of them, when aggregated with any other sums in the
  nature of interest that the Company may be obligated to pay under the
  Note or herein exceed such Maximum Rate. It is agreed that if the maximum
  contract rate of interest allowed by law and applicable to the Note is
  increased or decreased by statute or any official governmental action
  subsequent to the date hereof, the new maximum contract rate of interest
  allowed by law will be the
   
  	15 	 

 
   
  Maximum Rate applicable to the Note from the effective date forward,
  unless such application is precluded by applicable law. If under any
  circumstances whatsoever, interest in excess of the Maximum Rate is paid
  by the Company to the Purchaser with respect to indebtedness evidenced by
  the Note, such excess shall be applied by the Purchaser to the unpaid
  principal balance of any such indebtedness or be refunded to the Company,
  the manner of handling such excess to be at the Purchaser’s election.
 
  f)                   Headings. The headings of this Agreement are for
  convenience of reference only and shall not form part of, or affect the
  interpretation of, this Agreement.
 
  g)                  Severability. In the event that any provision of this
  Agreement is invalid or unenforceable under any applicable statute or
  rule of law, then such provision shall be deemed inoperative to the
  extent that it may conflict therewith and shall be deemed modified to
  conform with such statute or rule of law. Any provision hereof which may
  prove invalid or unenforceable under any law shall not affect the
  validity or enforceability of any other provision hereof.
 
  h)                  Entire Agreement; Amendments. This Agreement and the
  instruments referenced herein contain the entire understanding of the
  parties with respect to the matters covered herein and therein and,
  except as specifically set forth herein or therein, neither the Company
  nor the Purchaser makes any representation, warranty, covenant or
  undertaking with respect to such matters. No provision of this Agreement
  may be waived or amended other than by an instrument in writing signed by
  the Purchaser.
 
  i)                    Notices. All notices, demands, requests, consents,
  approvals, and other communications required or permitted hereunder shall
  be in writing and, unless otherwise specified herein, shall be (i)
  personally served, (ii) deposited in the mail, registered or certified,
  return receipt requested, postage prepaid, (iii) delivered by reputable
  air courier service with charges prepaid, or (iv) transmitted by hand
  delivery, telegram, email or facsimile, addressed as set forth below or
  to such other address as such party shall have specified most recently by
  written notice. Any notice or other communication required or permitted
  to be given hereunder shall be deemed effective (a) upon hand delivery or
  delivery by email or facsimile with accurate confirmation generated by
  the transmitting facsimile machine or computer, at the address, email or
  number designated below (if delivered on a business day during normal
  business hours where such notice is to be received), or the first
  business day following such delivery (if delivered other than on a
  business day during normal business hours where such notice is to be
  received) or (b) on the second business day following the date of mailing
  by express courier service, fully prepaid, addressed to such address, or
  upon actual receipt of such mailing, whichever shall first occur. The
  addresses for such communications shall be:
 
   Purchaser:	
    
   EMA Financial, LLC
   40 Wall Street, Suite 1700
   New York, NY 10005
   Attn: Felicia Preston
   admin@emafin.com
    
    
   Company:	
    
   Drone Guarder, Inc.
   86-90 Paul Street
   London, EC2A 4NE
   Attn: Adam Taylor, CEO
   Email:
   Fax:
    
  	16 	 

 
 
    Each party shall provide notice to the other party of any change in
    address.
 
  j)                    Successors and Assigns. This Agreement shall be
  binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties and their successors
  and assigns. Neither the Company nor the Purchaser shall assign this
  Agreement or any rights or obligations hereunder without the prior
  written consent of the other. Notwithstanding the foregoing, subject to
  Section 2(f), the Purchaser may assign its rights hereunder to any person
  that purchases Securities in a private transaction from the Purchaser or
  to any of its “affiliates,” as that term is defined under the 1934 Act,
  without the consent of the Company.
 
  k)                  Third Party Beneficiaries. This Agreement is intended
  for the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective permitted
  successors and assigns, and is not for the benefit of, nor may any
  provision hereof be enforced by, any other person.
 
  l)                    Survival. The representations and warranties of the
  Company and the agreements and covenants set forth in this Agreement
  shall survive the Closing hereunder notwithstanding any due diligence
  investigation conducted by or on behalf of the Purchaser. The Company
  agrees to indemnify and hold harmless the Purchaser and all their
  officers, directors, employees and agents for loss or damage arising as a
  result of or related to any breach or alleged breach by the Purchaser of
  any of its representations, warranties and covenants set forth in this
  Agreement or any of its covenants and obligations under this Agreement,
  including advancement of expenses as they are incurred.
 
  m)                Further Assurances. Each party shall do and perform, or
  cause to be done and performed, all such further acts and things, and
  shall execute and deliver all such other agreements, certificates,
  instruments and documents, as the other party may reasonably request in
  order to carry out the intent and accomplish the purposes of this
  Agreement and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby.
 
  n)                  No Strict Construction. The language used in this
  Agreement will be deemed to be the language chosen by the parties to
  express their mutual intent, and no rules of strict construction will be
  applied against any party.
 
  o)                  Remedies. The Company acknowledges that a breach by
  it of its obligations hereunder will cause irreparable harm to the
  Purchaser by vitiating the intent and purpose of the transaction
  contemplated hereby. Accordingly, the Company acknowledges that the
  remedy at law for a breach of its obligations under this Agreement will
  be inadequate and agrees, in the event of a breach or threatened breach
  by the Company of the provisions of this Agreement, that the Purchaser
  shall be entitled, in addition to all other available remedies at law or
  in equity, and in addition to the penalties assessable herein, to an
  injunction or injunctions restraining, preventing or curing any breach of
  this Agreement and to enforce specifically the terms and provisions
  hereof, without the necessity of showing economic loss and without any
  bond or other security being required.
   
  	17 	 

 
 
  p)                  Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in any
  number of counterparts, each of which when so executed and delivered
  shall be deemed to be an original and all of which together shall be
  deemed to be one and the same agreement. Any signature transmitted by
  facsimile, e-mail, or other electronic means shall be deemed to be an
  original signature
 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned Purchaser and the Company have caused
 this Agreement to be duly executed as of the date first above written.
 
 DRONE GUARDER, INC.
 
 By:	 ______________
 Name: Adam Taylor
 Title: CEO
 
 
 EMA FINANCIAL, LLC
 
 By:	 ______________
 Name: Jamie Beitler
 Title:	Authorized Signatory
 
  	18 	 

 