 EX-10.2 16 ex10-2.htm AMENDED AND RESTATED SUB-MANAGEMENT AGREEMENT DATED 
AS OF FEBRUARY 7, 2018 BY AND AMONG THE REGISTRANT, CNL STRATEGIC CAPITAL 
MANAGEMENT, LLC AND LEVINE LEICHTMAN STRATEGIC CAPITAL, LLC
 
 
CNL Strategic Capital, LLC S-1
Exhibit 10.2
 
CNL STRATEGIC CAPITAL MANAGEMENT, LLC
 
and
 
LEVINE LEICHTMAN strategic capital, llc
 
  	
 
AMENDED AND RESTATED
 
SUB-MANAGEMENT AGREEMENT
 
 
 

 

 

 
1. 	Duties of the Sub-Manager 	2
2. 	Limitations on Activities 	5
3. 	Compensation of the Sub-Manager 	5
4. 	Intellectual Property Rights 	6
5. 	Expenses 	6
6. 	Other Activities of the Sub-Manager 	9
7. 	Relationship of Sub-Manager, Manager and Company 	10
8. 	Third Party Beneficiaries 	10
9. 	Responsibility of Dual Directors, Officers and/or Employees 	10
10. 	Indemnification 	11
11. 	Effectiveness, Duration and Termination of Agreement 	12
12. 	Notices 	15
13. 	Amendment 	16
14. 	Severability 	16
15. 	Counterparts 	16
16. 	Entire Agreement; Governing Law 	17
17. 	Waivers 	17
18. 	Specific Performance 	17
19. 	Survival 	17
20. 	Insurance 	18
21. 	Gender 	18
22. 	Titles not to Affect Interpretation 	18
23. 	Representations, Warranties and Covenants of the Sub-Manager 	18
24. 	Representations, Warranties and Covenants of the Manager 	19
25. 	Non-Solicitation 	19
26. 	Brand Usage 	20
27. 	Construction 	21
 

 

 

 
THIS AMENDED AND RESTATED SUB-MANAGEMENT AGREEMENT (this “Agreement”), is 
entered into as of the 7th day of February, 2018, effective as of the date 
provided for herein, by and among CNL STRATEGIC CAPITAL MANAGEMENT, LLC, a 
Delaware limited liability company (the “Manager”), LEVINE LEICHTMAN 
STRATEGIC CAPITAL, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the “
Sub-Manager”), and CNL Strategic Capital, LLC, a Delaware limited liability 
company (together with any wholly owned subsidiaries, the “Company”).
 
RECITALS
 
WHEREAS, the Company is a newly organized Delaware limited liability 
company that intends to acquire assets permitted by the terms of its 
limited liability company agreement (the “LLC Agreement”) and in accordance 
with the business strategies, policies and restrictions that are set forth 
in the Company’s Confidential Offering Memorandum dated June 30, 2017, as 
amended and/or supplemented from time to time (the “Offering Memorandum”) 
and the Company’s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (the “Registration 
Statement”) to be filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, 
as amended from time to time or as otherwise approved or implemented by the 
Board (as hereinafter defined);
 
WHEREAS, the Manager entered into an Amended and Restated Management 
Agreement with the Company, dated as of February 7, 2018 (together with any 
amendments thereto and/or any successor agreement, the “Management 
Agreement”) to provide various services for the Company and its 
subsidiaries as set forth therein;
 
WHEREAS, the Management Agreement permits the Manager, subject to the terms 
and conditions thereof and the supervision and direction of the Company’s 
board of directors (the “Board”), to delegate certain of its duties 
thereunder to the Sub-Manager;
 
WHEREAS, each of the Manager and Sub-Manager is registered as an investment 
adviser under the Investment Advisers Act of 1940, as amended (the “
Advisers Act”);
 
WHEREAS, the Manager wishes to enter into this Agreement with the 
Sub-Manager to secure assistance of the Sub-Manager in performing certain 
of the Manager’s duties under the Management Agreement;
 
WHEREAS, the Company has agreed to compensate the Sub-Manager for the 
services to be provided pursuant to this Agreement, and specifically to 
provide remuneration for the performance of consulting from time to time 
relative to matters that arise in connection with the Management Agreement;
 
WHEREAS, the Manager, the Sub-Manager, and the Company have previously 
entered into a Sub-Management Agreement dated as of June 30, 2017, and the 
parties now wish to amend and restate such Sub-Management Agreement in its 
entirety by entering into this Agreement; and
 
WHEREAS, the Sub-Manager is willing to undertake to render such services to 
the Manager and the Company on the terms and conditions hereinafter set 
forth.
 

 

 

 
NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing and of the mutual 
covenants and agreements contained herein, the parties hereto agree as 
follows:
 
1.             Duties of the Sub-Manager.
 
(a)           Retention of Sub-Manager. The Manager hereby retains the 
Sub-Manager to assist the Company and the Manager in connection with the 
performance of the Manager’s duties under the Management Agreement on the 
terms and conditions and for the period set forth in this Agreement, in 
accordance with the following:
 
(i)            the business strategies, policies and restrictions that (x) 
are set forth in the Offering Memorandum; and (y) are contemplated by the 
Registration Statement;
 
(ii)           all other applicable federal and state laws, rules and 
regulations, and the Company’s certificate of formation and limited 
liability company agreement, in each case as may be amended from time to 
time; and
 
(iii)          such business policies and directives as the Company may 
from time to time establish or issue and communicate to the Manager and the 
Sub-Manager in writing.
 
(b)           Responsibilities of Sub-Manager. Without limiting the 
generality of the foregoing, the Sub-Manager shall, during the term, 
subject to the provisions of this agreement and the supervision of the 
Manager:
 
(i)            serve as an advisor to the Manager and the Company, as 
directed by the Manager, and provide support in connection with certain of 
the Manager’s activities to be performed pursuant to the Management 
Agreement;
 
(ii)           provide research and thought leadership with regards to the 
Company’s business and acquisition policies and business holdings, 
including strategic advice on operational activities of the Company;
 
(iii)          investigate, select, and, on behalf of the Manager, engage 
and conduct business with such persons as the Sub-Manager deems necessary 
to the proper performance of its obligations hereunder, including but not 
limited to consultants, accountants, correspondents, lenders, technical 
advisors, attorneys, brokers, underwriters, corporate fiduciaries, escrow 
agents, depositaries, custodians, agents for collection, insurers, 
insurance agents, banks, securities investment advisers, mortgagors, and 
any and all agents for any of the foregoing, including affiliates of the 
Sub-Manager, and persons acting in any other capacity deemed by the 
Sub-Manager necessary or desirable for the performance of any of the 
foregoing services, including but not limited to entering into contracts in 
the name of the Company with any of the foregoing;
 
(iv)          consult with the officers and the Board and, as necessary, 
furnish the Board with advice and recommendations with respect to asset 
acquisitions and dispositions consistent with the business strategy and 
policies of the Company and in connection with any borrowings proposed to 
be undertaken by the Company;
 

- 2 -

 

 
(v)           subject to the provisions of Section 1(c) hereof (a) locate, 
analyze, perform due diligence on and select potential assets; (b) 
structure and negotiate the terms and conditions of transactions pursuant 
to which asset acquisitions and dispositions will be made; (c) make asset 
acquisitions and dispositions on behalf of the Company in compliance with 
the business strategy and policies of the Company; and (d) arrange for 
financing and refinancing and make other changes in the asset or capital 
structure of, and dispose of, reinvest the proceeds from the sale of, or 
otherwise deal with asset acquisitions.
 
(vi)          furnish the Company and/or the Manager, as applicable, with 
advice and recommendations with respect to the strategic direction of the 
Company, acquisition opportunities, communications with existing investors 
and proposed financings to be undertaken by the Company;
 
(vii)         service and monitor the Company’s assets, whether such assets 
are held directly or indirectly, including, but not limited to, the 
provision of operational assistance and serving on the boards of directors 
of the Company’s majority owned subsidiaries;
 
(viii)        upon reasonable request of the Board or the Manager, provide 
the Company and/or the Manager with reports regarding prospective business 
opportunities and the strategic direction to be taken by the Company;
 
(ix)          upon reasonable request of the Board or the Manager, make 
reports to the Board of its performance of services to the Manager and the 
Company under this Agreement and the Sub-Administration Agreement entered 
into between the Sub-Manager and the Manager (the “Sub-Administration 
Agreement”); provided, however, the Sub-Manager has the right to reasonably 
request the Manager make a similar report to the Sub-Manager regarding its 
performance of services to the Company under the Management Agreement or 
Administrative Services Agreement;
 
(x)           provide the Manager and the Company with such other 
management, research and related services as the Manager and/or the Company 
may, from time to time reasonably require in deploying the Company’s funds;
 
(xi)          support the Company’s capital raising efforts, including 
without limitation, to be reasonably available to support any placement 
agent’s or dealer manager’s marketing, syndicate building and placement 
process, it being understood that such placement agent or dealer manager 
will lead all day-to-day capital raising efforts and the Sub-Manager will 
assist in high leverage sales opportunities to be mutually agreed upon;
 
(xii)         provide reasonable sales and due diligence support as 
reasonably requested by the placement agent or dealer manager, including, 
as reasonably required, onsite sales education for wholesalers at their 
location or field visits with wholesalers, key broker-dealer or registered 
investment advisor accounts;
 
(xiii)        participate in the fair valuation process for portfolio 
investments pursuant to valuation policies and procedures approved by the 
Board or a committee thereof, including making supportable recommendations 
of fair values to the Manager for all investments for which publicly 
observable prices are not available;
 

- 3 -

 

 
(xiv)        participate in the review of draft public financial statements 
and registration statements to ensure that the information presented 
regarding the Sub-Manager, its affiliates and the Company’s underlying 
businesses is accurate and not misleading and to complete agreed-upon 
disclosure certifications; and
 
(xv)         upon reasonable request of the Manager, participate in 
presentations to: (a) managing dealer or placement agent wholesaling 
personnel; (b) broker-dealer and registered investment adviser and other 
distribution intermediaries road shows; (c) educational forums; (d) due 
diligence review programs conducted by third-party evaluators and due 
diligence officers of broker-dealers; and (e) other marketing events and 
forums to facilitate the Company’s fund raising efforts.
 
(c)           Power and Authority. To facilitate the Sub-Manager’s 
performance of these duties, but subject to the restrictions contained 
herein, the Manager, hereby delegates to the Sub-Manager, and the 
Sub-Manager hereby accepts, the power and authority to act on behalf of the 
Company to effectuate its decisions relating to the Company’s assets, 
including the execution and delivery of all documents relating to the 
Company’s assets. If the Sub-Manager deems it necessary or advisable to 
make, through one or more special purpose vehicles, any acquisition or 
financing it is permitted hereunder to make on behalf of the Company, then 
the Sub-Manager shall have authority to create, or arrange for the creation 
of, such special purpose vehicles and to make such acquisition through such 
special purpose vehicles in accordance with applicable law and the policies 
and procedures as established between the Manager and the Sub-Manager. The 
Manager, subject to the restrictions contained herein, also grants to the 
Sub-Manager, power and authority to engage in all activities and 
transactions (and anything incidental thereto) that the Sub-Manager 
reasonably deems appropriate, necessary or advisable to carry out its 
duties pursuant to this Agreement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Board 
shall have the right to approve the acquisition of each of the Company’s 
investments, and the Manager shall have the right to approve that the 
acquisition of each of the Company’s investments complies with the 
investment policy of the Company. The Board may, at any time upon the 
giving of notice to the Sub-Manager, modify or revoke or cause the Manager 
to modify or revoke the authority set forth in this Section 1(c).
 
(d)           Acceptance of Appointment. The Sub-Manager hereby accepts 
such appointment and agrees during the term hereof to render the services 
described herein for the compensation provided herein, subject to the 
limitation contained herein.
 
(e)           Record Retention; Records. Each of the Manager and the 
Sub-Manager shall maintain appropriate records of all of its respective 
activities related to the Company and make such records available for 
inspection by the Manager or the Sub-Manager, as applicable, auditors and 
authorized agents of the Manager and the Sub-Manager, as applicable, at any 
time or from time to time during normal business hours. The Sub-Manager 
agrees that all records that it maintains pursuant to this Agreement are 
property of the Company and shall surrender promptly to the Company any 
such records upon the Manager’s or the Company’s request and upon 
termination of this Agreement pursuant to Section 11, provided that the 
Sub-Manager may retain copies of such records. The Manager shall provide 
the Sub-Manager such records as are reasonably necessary for the 
Sub-Manager to maintain the necessary back-up for purposes of establishing 
its track record.
 

- 4 -

 

 
(f)            Independent Contractor Status. The Sub-Manager shall, for 
all purposes herein provided, be deemed to be an independent contractor 
and, except as expressly provided or authorized herein, shall have no 
authority to act for or represent the Manager or the Company in any way or 
otherwise be deemed an agent of the Manager or the Company.
 
(g)           Fiduciary Duty. The Sub-Manager shall be subject to the same 
fiduciary duties imposed on the Manager pursuant to the Management 
Agreement.
 
2.             Limitations on Activities. The Sub-Manager shall have no 
liability for acting in accordance with the instructions of the Manager or 
the Company pursuant to this Agreement or any other agreement entered into 
with the Manager and/or the Company. Notwithstanding the foregoing, (i) the 
stockholders, directors, officers, members, partners and employees of the 
Sub-Manager’s affiliates shall not be liable to the Company or the Manager 
for any act or omission by the Sub-Manager, its managing member, members, 
officers, or employees, or the stockholders, directors, officers or 
employees of the Sub-Manager’s affiliates, and (ii) the stockholders, 
directors, officers, members, and employees of the Manager’s affiliates 
shall not be liable to the Sub-Manager for any act or omission by the 
Manager, its managing member, members, officers, or employees, or the 
stockholders, directors, officers or employees of the Manager’s affiliates
 
3.             Compensation of the Sub-Manager.
 
(a)           General. With respect to any fees (including, without 
limitation, the Base Management Fee and Incentive Fee, as such terms are 
defined in the Management Agreement) earned pursuant to the Management 
Agreement, the Sub-Manager shall be entitled to receive from the Company, 
50% of any and all such amounts earned pursuant to Section 3 of the 
Management Agreement subject to any reduction or deferral of any such fees 
pursuant to the terms of the Expense Support and Conditional Reimbursement 
Agreement currently effective among the parties hereto (the “Expense 
Support Agreement”). Such amounts shall be paid monthly in arrears by the 
Company, or as otherwise provided for in this Section 3 or Section 11(f) 
hereof, at the same time fees are paid to the Manager pursuant to the 
Management Agreement, but not later than monthly in arrears.
 
(b)           Transaction Fees. In the course of performing its services 
hereunder, the Sub-Manager may enter into agreements with respect to and 
may charge the Company’s businesses transaction fees including, without 
limitation, investment banking fees, financing fees, capital fees, 
arrangement fees, structuring fees, acquisition advisory fees, disposition 
fees, liquidation fees, break-up fees and other similar fees in connection 
with the services customarily performed in the management of such 
businesses (“Transaction Fees”); provided, however, that no such 
Transaction Fees may be charged until the effectiveness of the registration 
statement in connection with a “qualified public offering” (as such term is 
defined in the Offering Memorandum) and the sale of shares in such 
Qualified Public Offering. The Sub-Manager will be entitled to receive 
Transaction Fees, which, per calendar year, are limited to:
 
(i)            Up to $1.5 million, if the Company has less than $300 
million of total assets. Any Transaction Fees received by the Sub-Manager 
in excess of $1.5 million, if the Company has less than $300 million of 
total assets shall be paid to the Company.
 

- 5 -

 

 
(ii)           Up to $2.0 million, if the Company has greater than $300 
million but less than $500 million of total assets. Any Transaction Fees 
received by the Sub-Manager in excess of $2.0 million, if the Company has 
greater than $300 million but less than $500 million of total assets shall 
be paid to the Company.
 
(iii)          Up to $2.5 million, if the Company has greater than $500 
million but less than $750 million of total assets. Any Transaction Fees 
received by the Sub-Manager in excess of $2.5 million, if the Company has 
greater than $500 million but less than $750 million of total assets shall 
be paid to the Company.
 
(iv)          Up to $3.0 million, if the Company has greater than $750 
million but less than $1.0 billion of total assets. Any Transaction Fees 
received by the Sub-Manager in excess of $3.0 million, if the Company has 
greater than $750 million but less than $1.0 billion of total assets shall 
be paid to the Company.
 
(v)           Up to $3.5 million, if the Company has greater than $1 
billion of total assets. Any Transaction Fees received by the Sub-Manager 
in excess of $3.5 million shall be paid to the Company.
 
(vi)          On a quarterly basis, the Board will receive a report of all 
Transaction Fees charged to the Company’s businesses by the Sub-Manager, 
including the reasonable details of services actually performed for such 
fee. Prior to any Material Transaction Fee being charged to any of the 
Company’s businesses, the Sub-Manager shall obtain the approval of a 
majority of the Company’s Board, including a majority of the Company’s 
independent directors. For purposes of this section, “Material Transaction 
Fee” shall mean any Transaction Fee that individually or as a series of 
related expenses, exceeds $100,000.
 
4.             Intellectual Property Rights. The Sub-Manager shall not have 
any right, title and interest in and to, and has not been granted any 
license to use, any intellectual property of the Manager or the Company. 
The Manager shall not have any right, title and interest in and to, and has 
not been granted any license to use, any intellectual property of the 
Sub-Manager.
 
5.             Expenses.
 
(a)           Sub-Manager Personnel. During the term of this Agreement, 
when and to the extent personnel of the Sub-Manager are engaged in 
providing the management services hereunder, the salaries, fringe benefits, 
and other administrative items incurred or allocated to all personnel of 
the Sub-Manager, and all expenses of such personnel related to overhead, 
rent or depreciation, utilities, capital equipment, and other 
administrative items allocable to the provision of such services and 
assistance, shall be provided and paid for by the Sub-Manager and not by 
the Manager or the Company.
 
(b)           Reimbursement of Sub-Manager. Subject to the limitations set 
forth in Section 5(c) and any reduction or deferral of such amounts 
required to be reimbursed pursuant to the Expense Support Agreement and in 
addition to the compensation paid to the Sub-Manager pursuant to Section 3, 
the Sub-Manager shall be reimbursed by the Company for all third party 
out-of-pocket expenses incurred by the Sub-Manager at the request of or on 
behalf of the Company or the Manager (“Reimbursable Expenses”). For 
purposes of this Agreement, Reimbursable Expenses shall include, without 
limitation, all fees, costs, expenses, liabilities and obligations relating 
to the Company’s activities, acquisitions, dispositions, financings and 
business (to the extent not borne or reimbursed by a subsidiary of the 
Company or a potential acquisition target), including:
 

- 6 -

 

 
(i)            fees payable to third parties relating to or associated with 
due diligence, investment banking fees, professional fees, legal fees, 
organizing, acquiring, consummating, financing, refinancing, restructuring, 
hedging, taking public or private the Company’s assets or the Company’s 
itself, including the fees and expenses associated with performing due 
diligence reviews of prospective acquisitions, including, subject to the 
Company’s investment policy, those opportunities not consummated (including 
legal, accounting, auditing, insurance, travel, meals and entertainment, 
consulting, brokerage, finders’, financing, appraisal, filing, printing, 
real estate title, survey, reverse breakup, termination and other fees and 
expenses);
 
(ii)           fees, costs and expenses associated with the management, 
advising, operating, holding of the Company’s assets, including legal, 
accounting, custodian, depositary, auditing, insurance (including directors 
and officers liability insurance), travel, meals and entertainment, 
litigation and indemnification costs and expenses, judgments and 
settlements, consulting, brokerage, finders’, financing, appraisal, 
Bloomberg listing, pricing, data, marketing and similar services, 
investment banking fees, filing, printing, title, transfer, registration 
and other fees and expenses (including fees, costs, and expenses associated 
with the preparation or distribution of the Company’s financial statements, 
tax returns, tax estimates, and Schedule K-1s or any other administrative, 
regulatory or other Company related reporting or filing), compliance, 
reporting and oversight;
 
(iii)          all fees, costs, expenses, liabilities and obligations 
attributable to liquidating, selling or disposing of the Company’s 
businesses or investments or the Company itself, including expenses and 
fees in connection with identifying and evaluating purchasers, and 
negotiating and finalizing terms of a sale, disposition or liquidation;
 
(iv)          valuing assets, including expenses and fees payable to third 
parties with respect to the valuation of the Company’s investments;
 
(v)           subject to the Company’s investment policy, all fees, costs, 
expenses, liabilities and obligations incurred by the Sub-Manager relating 
to acquisition and disposition opportunities for the Company not 
consummated (including legal, accounting, auditing, insurance, travel, 
meals and entertainment, consulting, brokerage, finders’, financing, 
appraisal, filing, printing, real estate title, survey, reverse breakup, 
termination and other fees and expenses);
 
(vi)          brokerage commissions for the Company’s assets; and
 
(vii)         all fees, costs and expenses incurred in connection with the 
organization, management, operation, monitoring, dissolution, liquidation 
and final winding-up of any special purpose vehicles authorized by Section 
1(c) hereof, as well as any Organization and Offering Expenses (as defined 
in the Management Agreement), to the same extent as such expenses would be 
reimbursable to the Manager pursuant to Section 2 of the Management 
Agreement had such expenses been incurred by the Manager.
 

- 7 -

 

 
(c)           Periodic Reimbursement.
 
(i)            Reimbursable Expenses incurred by the Sub-Manager on behalf 
of the Company or the Manager and payable pursuant to this Section 5 shall 
be reimbursed no less than monthly to the Sub-Manager by the Company. Such 
reimbursement shall be made in cash to the Sub-Manager within 30 calendar 
days following the Manager’s delivery to the Company of the statement 
required by Section 2(c) of the Management Agreement (the “Reimbursement 
Statement”) therefor, except to the extent the Sub-Manager elects otherwise 
pursuant to Section 5(d) hereof.
 
(ii)           The Company shall reimburse the Sub-Manager for the 
Company’s Organization and Offering Expenses incurred by the Sub-Manager. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company shall reimburse the Sub-Manager 
for Organization and Offering Expenses it may incur on the Company’s or the 
Manager’s behalf but only to the extent that (1) the total amount of all 
Organization and Offering Expenses is reasonable and (2) solely in 
connection with the Public Offering, the aggregate reimbursement would not 
cause the selling commissions, any dealer manager fees, the distribution 
fees and the Organization and Offering Expenses borne by the Company to 
exceed 15.0% of gross proceeds from the Public Offering pursuant to the 
Registration Statement as of the date of the reimbursement.
 
(iii)          Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Sub-Manager acknowledges 
and agrees that it, will be responsible for the payment of 50% of the 
portion of the Company’s aggregate Organization and Offering Expenses that 
exceeds (A) 1.0% of the cumulative gross proceeds from the offering to 
which the Offering Memorandum relates and (B) 1.5% of the cumulative gross 
proceeds from the offering to which the Registration Statement relates (the 
“Public Offering”), in each case, without recourse against or reimbursement 
by the Company. For the avoidance of doubt, the Sub-Manager’s obligation to 
pay a portion of the Company’s Organization and Offering Expenses pursuant 
to this section shall be calculated on a cumulative basis at the time such 
Organization and Offering Expenses are due and payable under this 
Agreement, as compared to the cumulative gross proceeds from the Public 
Offering at such time.
 
(d)           Deferred Reimbursements. The Sub-Manager shall have the 
right, in its sole discretion, by written instruction in accordance with 
this Section 5(d), to elect to waive or defer all or a portion of the 
reimbursement of the Reimbursable Expenses that would otherwise be paid to 
it. No later than three business days prior to the Manager delivering to 
the Company the Reimbursement Statement, the Sub-Manager shall provide 
written instructions to the Manager with respect to the Sub-Manager’s 
election to waive or defer any portion of the Reimbursable Expenses. The 
Manager shall include such written instructions in the Reimbursement 
Statement delivered to the Company and shall take all other actions 
necessary to cause the Company to pay such reimbursement directly to the 
Sub-Manager in accordance with the Sub-Manager’s instructions.
 

- 8 -

 

 
6.             Other Activities of the Sub-Manager.
 
(a)            The services of the Sub-Manager to the Manager and the 
Company are not exclusive, and, subject to any other agreements with the 
Manager, including the Exclusivity Agreement by and between the respective 
parent companies of the Manager and Sub-Manager, dated as of February 7, 
2018 (the “Exclusivity Agreement”), the Sub-Manager may engage in any other 
business or render the same, similar or different services to others 
including, without limitation, businesses that may directly or indirectly 
compete with the Manager or the Company, so long as its services to the 
Manager and the Company hereunder are not impaired thereby. Subject to the 
Exclusivity Agreement, the Sub-Manager and its affiliates shall have the 
right to:
 
(i)            directly or indirectly engage in or invest in any business 
(including, without limitation, any business activities or lines of 
business that are the same as or similar to those pursued by, or 
competitive with, the Company);
 
(ii)           directly or indirectly do business with any client or 
customer of the Company;
 
(iii)          not present potential transactions, matters or business 
opportunities to the Company, and to pursue, directly or indirectly, any 
such opportunity for itself, and to direct any such opportunity to another 
person, subject to the Company’s and the Sub-Manager’s allocation policy.
 
(b)           Subject to the Exclusivity Agreement, nothing in this 
Agreement shall limit or restrict the right of any manager, partner, 
shareholder (including its shareholders and the owners of its 
shareholders), officer or employee of the Sub-Manager to engage in any 
other business or to devote his or her time and attention in part to any 
other business, whether of a similar or dissimilar nature, or to receive 
any fees or compensation in connection therewith (including fees for 
serving as a director of, or providing consulting services to, one or more 
of the middle market companies the Company may own or control, subject to 
applicable law).
 
(c)           The Sub-Manager (including its managers, partners, 
shareholders (including the owners of its shareholders), officers or 
employees of the Sub-Manager assume no responsibility under this Agreement 
other than to render the services called for hereunder. In consideration of 
the foregoing, the Sub-Manager hereby agrees to provide the Manager (and 
the Company if the Manager deems necessary or appropriate in its reasonable 
discretion) with prior written notice and an opportunity to review and 
comment on any modifications to the Sub-Manager’s allocation policy that 
would materially or adversely impact the Company, its allocation policy or 
any prospective or current transaction or origination opportunities for the 
Company.
 
(d)           Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the 
Sub-Manager hereby acknowledges that it has the same and equal fiduciary 
duty to the Company as it does to its other various clients and accounts 
(the “Advisory Clients”). In connection therewith, the Manager hereby 
acknowledges that the Sub-Manager and its affiliated directors, managers, 
partners, members, officers and employees and other affiliates (“
Affiliated Persons”) perform investment advisory services for the Advisory 
Clients and further acknowledges that the Sub-Manager and Affiliated 
Persons may (i) give advice and take action with respect to any of its 
other Advisory Clients that may differ from advice given or the timing or 
nature of action taken with respect to any Advisory Client, so long as it 
is consistent with the provisions of the Sub-Manager’s allocation policy 
and its obligations hereunder, and (ii) subject to the Exclusivity 
Agreement and its obligations hereunder, engage in activities that overlap 
with or compete with those in which the Company and its subsidiaries, 
directly or indirectly, may engage. The Company, on its own behalf and on 
behalf of its subsidiaries, hereby renounces any interest or expectancy in, 
or right to be offered an opportunity to participate in, any business 
opportunity which may be a corporate opportunity for an Advisory Client to 
the extent such opportunity has been determined in good faith by the 
Sub-Manager not to be allocated to the Company, all in accordance with the 
Company’s and the Sub-Manager’s allocation policy.
 

- 9 -

 

 
(e)            The Manager acknowledges that, subject to the Company’s 
investment policy and its obligations hereunder, the Sub-Manager shall not 
have any obligation to recommend for purchase or sale any securities or 
loans which its principals, affiliates or employees may purchase or sell 
for its or their own accounts or for any other client or account if, in the 
opinion of the Sub-Manager, such transaction or investment appears 
unsuitable, impractical or undesirable for the Manager (on behalf of the 
Company).
 
7.             Relationship of Sub-Manager, Manager and Company. The 
Manager and the Sub-Manager are not partners or joint venturers with each 
other or with the Company, and nothing in this Agreement shall be construed 
to make them such partners or joint venturers or impose any liability as 
such on any of them.
 
8.             Third Party Beneficiaries. Except for the Company (with 
respect to Sections 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 9, 10, 11, 12, 13, 18, 19, 20, 23, 
24 and 26) and any Indemnified Parties (as defined below), the Company and 
such Indemnified Parties each being an intended beneficiary of this 
Agreement, this Agreement is for the sole benefit of the parties hereto and 
their permitted assigns and nothing herein shall give or be construed to 
give any person, other than the parties hereto and such assigns, any legal 
or equitable rights hereunder.
 
9.             Responsibility of Dual Directors, Officers and/or Employees
.
 
If any person who is a manager, partner, member, officer or employee of the 
Sub-Manager is or becomes a director, officer and/or employee of the 
Company and/or its subsidiaries and acts as such in any business of the 
Company and/or its subsidiaries, then such manager, partner, member, 
officer and/or employee of the Sub-Manager shall be deemed to be acting in 
such capacity solely for the Company and/or its subsidiaries, and not as a 
manager, partner, member, officer or employee of the Sub-Manager or under 
the control or direction of the Sub-Manager, even if paid by the 
Sub-Manager.
 

- 10 -

 

 
10.           Indemnification.
 
(a)           Indemnification. The Sub-Manager (and its respective 
officers, managers, partners, shareholders, agents, employees, controlling 
persons and any other person or entity affiliated with the Sub-Manager) 
shall not be liable to the Manager or any of its subsidiaries or the 
Company or any of its subsidiaries or shareholders for any action taken or 
omitted to be taken by the Sub-Manager in connection with the performance 
of any of its duties or obligations under this Agreement, concerning loss 
resulting from a breach of fiduciary duty (as the same is finally 
determined by judicial proceedings) with respect to the receipt of 
compensation for services, and the Manager and its subsidiaries and the 
Company shall, as applicable, indemnify, defend and protect the Sub-Manager 
(and its respective officers, managers, partners, shareholders, agents, 
employees, controlling persons and any other person or entity affiliated 
with the Sub-Manager, each of whom shall be deemed a third party 
beneficiary hereof) (collectively, the “Indemnified Parties”) and hold them 
harmless from and against all damages, liabilities, costs and expenses 
(including reasonable attorneys’ fees and amounts reasonably paid in 
settlement) incurred by the Indemnified Parties in or by reason of any 
pending, threatened or completed action, suit, investigation or other 
proceeding (including an action or suit by or in the right of the Company 
or its security holders, as specifically provided herein) arising out of or 
otherwise based upon the performance of any of the Sub-Manager’s duties or 
obligations under this Agreement. Notwithstanding the preceding sentence of 
this paragraph to the contrary, nothing contained herein shall protect or 
be deemed to protect the Indemnified Parties against or entitle or be 
deemed to entitle the Indemnified Parties to indemnification in respect of, 
any liability to the Manager or any of its subsidiaries to which the 
Indemnified Parties would otherwise be subject by reason of negligence or 
misconduct in the performance of the Sub-Manager’s duties and obligations 
under this Agreement.
 
(b)           The Sub-Manager shall indemnify the Manager and the Company 
(and their respective officers, managers, partners, members, agents 
employees, controlling persons and any other person or entity affiliated 
with the Manager or the Company, as applicable) for any losses that the 
Manager and the Company (and their respective officers, managers, partners, 
members, agents employees, controlling persons and any other person or 
entity affiliated with the Manager or the Company, as applicable) may 
sustain primarily as a result of the Sub-Manager’s willful misfeasance, bad 
faith, gross negligence or reckless disregard in the performance of its 
duties under this Agreement or violation of applicable law, including 
without limitation, the federal and state securities laws.
 
(c)           Limitation on Indemnification. Notwithstanding Section 10(a) 
or Section 10(b), the Manager and its subsidiaries and the Company shall 
not provide for indemnification of the Indemnified Parties for any 
liability or loss suffered by the Indemnified Parties, nor shall the 
Manager or its subsidiaries or the Company provide that any of the 
Indemnified Parties be held harmless for any loss or liability suffered by 
the Manager and its subsidiaries or the Company, unless all of the 
following conditions are met:
 
(i)            the Indemnified Party has determined, in good faith, that 
the course of conduct which caused the loss or liability was in the best 
interests of the Manager and its subsidiaries or the Company, as 
applicable;
 
(ii)           the Indemnified Party was acting on behalf of or performing 
services for the Manager and its subsidiaries or the Company, as 
applicable;
 
(iii)          such liability or loss was not the result of negligence or 
misconduct by the Indemnified Party; and
 
(iv)          such indemnification or agreement to hold harmless is 
recoverable only out of the Manager’s net assets or the Company’s net 
assets, as applicable, and not from members of the Company.
 

- 11 -

 

 
Furthermore, notwithstanding anything to the contrary, the Indemnified 
Party shall not be indemnified for any losses, liabilities or expenses 
arising from or out of an alleged violation of federal or state securities 
laws unless one or more of the following conditions are met:
 
(v)           there has been a successful adjudication on the merits of 
each count involving alleged securities law violations as to the particular 
indemnitee;
 
(vi)          such claims have been dismissed with prejudice on the merits 
by a court of competent jurisdiction as to the particular indemnitee; or
 
(vii)         a court of competent jurisdiction approves a settlement of 
the claims against a particular indemnitee and finds that indemnification 
of the settlement and related costs should be made, and the court of law 
considering the request for indemnification has been advised of the 
position of the SEC and the published position of any state securities 
regulatory authority in which securities of the Company were offered or 
sold as to indemnification for violations of securities laws.
 
(d)           Advancement of Funds. The Company and/or the Manager, as 
applicable, shall be permitted to advance funds to the Indemnified Party 
for legal expenses and other costs incurred as a result of any legal action 
for which indemnification is being sought only if all of the following 
conditions are met:
 
(i)            The legal action relates to acts or omissions with respect 
to the performance of duties or services on behalf of the Company or the 
Manager;
 
(ii)           The Indemnified Party undertakes to repay the advanced funds 
to the Company or the Manager, as applicable, together with the applicable 
legal rate of interest thereon, in cases in which the Indemnified Party is 
not found to be entitled to indemnification; and
 
(iii)          The legal action was initiated by a third party who is not 
the holder of an ownership interest in the Company, or if the legal action 
was not initiated by such a holder, a court of competent jurisdiction 
approves such advancement.
 
11.           Effectiveness, Duration and Termination of Agreement.
 
(a)           Term and Effectiveness. This Agreement shall become effective 
upon the effectiveness of the Management Agreement. Thereafter, the parties 
agree that this Agreement shall automatically be extended concurrently with 
the Management Agreement and upon approval of the Board.
 
(b)           Termination. This Agreement may be terminated at any time, 
without the payment of any penalty, (i) by the Manager for Cause, (ii) upon 
a vote by the Board requiring the Company to terminate this Agreement, by 
the Manager upon 120 days’ written notice to the Sub-Manager, or (iii) by 
the Sub-Manager upon 120 days’ written notice to the Company and the 
Manager.
 

- 12 -

 

 
For the purposes of this Agreement, the appointment of the Sub-Manager will 
be considered to have been terminated for “Cause” if the termination or 
non-renewal of this Agreement is the result of (A) any fraud, Criminal 
Conduct, willful misconduct, willful breach of fiduciary duty by the 
Sub-Manager as determined by a court of competent jurisdiction to the 
extent that the Board has determined that such conduct has materially and 
adversely effected the Company, (B) a material breach of this Agreement of 
any nature whatsoever by the Sub-Manager, which breach is not cured within 
ninety (90) days of written notice given to the Sub-Manager specifying in 
reasonable detail the nature of the alleged breach or (C) the Sub-Manager 
assigns this Agreement or a Sub-Manager Change of Control Event occurs and 
such assignment or Change of Control Event, as applicable, does not 
constitute a Permitted Sub-Manager Assignment.
 
For purposes of this Agreement, “Criminal Conduct” includes a 
misappropriation of funds committed by the Sub-Manager or an affiliate 
thereof with respect to the Company or if a member of the senior management 
team of the Sub-Manager whose services are material to the Company has been 
convicted or entered a plea of guilt or nolo contendere of any felony or a 
violation of any Federal or State securities laws.
 
For purposes of this Agreement, “Permitted Sub-Manager Assignment” means 
the assignment of this Agreement by the Sub-Manager or the occurrence of a 
Sub-Manager Change of Control Event, in each case after obtaining the 
consent of the Company, which consent shall be approved by a majority of 
the Company’s independent directors.
 
For purposes of this Agreement, “Sub-Manager Change of Control Event” means 
(i) a sale, merger, equity issuance or similar transaction, whether 
directly or indirectly, involving the Sub-Manager or its equity holders in 
which the indirect and direct equity holders of the Sub-Manager immediately 
prior to such transaction would own, in the aggregate, less than 50% of the 
total combined voting power of all classes of capital stock of the 
surviving entity normally entitled to vote for the election of directors or 
managers of the surviving entity, or (ii) the sale by the Sub-Manager of 
all or substantially all of the Sub-Manager’s assets in one transaction or 
in a series of related transactions, or (iii) any transaction or 
combination of transactions as a result of which the person(s) in control 
of the Sub-Manager, whether directly or indirectly, as of the date of this 
Agreement cease to be in control of the Sub-Manager; provided, however, (a) 
a Sub-Manager Change of Control Event shall not be deemed to have occurred, 
if such transaction involves a sale, transfer or similar transaction from 
any direct or indirect equity holder(s) of the Sub-Manager as of the date 
of this Agreement to another direct or indirect equity holder(s) of the 
Sub-Manager as of the date of this Agreement, or (b) as a result of a 
change in the executive officers of the Manager.
 
(c)           In the event the Management Agreement is terminated (i) by 
the Company for Cause (as such term is defined in the Management Agreement) 
or (ii) due to the Manager’s inability to perform its duties as manager 
under the Management Agreement due to bankruptcy, insolvency, 
reorganization, receivership or similar situation, the Sub-Manager shall 
attorn to the Company, and the Sub-Manager and the Company agree that this 
Agreement shall continue in full force and effect as a direct management 
agreement between the Company and the Sub-Manager upon all of the terms and 
conditions set forth in this Agreement and the compensation provisions of 
Section 3 of the Management Agreement shall be incorporated into this 
Agreement. The provisions of this Agreement regarding attornment by the 
Sub-Manager shall be self-operative and effective without the necessity of 
execution of any new document on the part of any party hereto or the 
respective heirs, legal representatives, successors or assigns of any such 
party. The Sub-Manager agrees, however, to execute and deliver upon the 
request of the Company or the Board, any reasonable instrument or 
certificate as may be necessary or appropriate to evidence such attornment, 
including a new management agreement for the Company.
 

- 13 -

 

 
(d)           Not for Cause Termination; Resignation. If (A) (i) the 
Company terminates or does not renew the engagement of the Manager under 
the Management Agreement, other than for Cause or (ii) the Company 
terminates or does not renew the engagement of the Sub-Manager under this 
Agreement, other than for Cause (each, a “Not for Cause Termination” and 
such terminated or not renewed party, the “Terminated Party”), the 
Terminated Party shall promptly notify the other party hereto (such party, 
the “Non-Terminated Party”) in writing of such termination or non-renewal. 
The Non-Terminated Party, upon receiving written notice from the Terminated 
Party, shall promptly resign by sending written notice to the Company of 
its intent to terminate the Management Agreement or this Agreement, as 
applicable, 120 days from the Company’s receipt of such notice, which 
notice shall be sent by the Non-Terminated Party no later than five (5) 
business days following its receipt of the Terminated Party’s notice. Upon 
the effectiveness of such resignation, neither the Non-Terminated Party or 
the Terminated Party nor any of their respective successors or assigns (by 
merger, consolidation, purchase of assets, or similar transaction) or 
successor or assigns of any of their affiliates (as such term is defined 
under applicable SEC rules, including by merger, consolidation, purchase of 
assets, or similar transaction) shall serve the Company in any capacity, 
directly or indirectly, for a period of ten years; provided, however, if 
the Non-Terminated Party does not resign as required by this Section 11(d), 
the Company shall terminate the Management Agreement or this Agreement, as 
applicable and shall not hire or engage the non-terminated party or any of 
its successors or assigns (by merger, consolidation, purchase of assets, or 
similar transaction) or successor or assigns of any of its affiliates (as 
such term is defined under applicable SEC rules, including by merger, 
consolidation, purchase of assets, or similar transaction) in any capacity, 
directly or indirectly, for a period of ten years. Each of the Manager and 
the Sub-Manager agree to vigorously contest any such Not for Cause 
Termination of the other party.
 
(e)           Assignment. This Agreement shall not be assigned by the 
Sub-Manager other than pursuant to a Permitted Sub-Manager Assignment. This 
Agreement shall not be assigned by the Company or the Manager without the 
prior written consent of the Sub-Manager, except (i) in the case of 
assignment by the Company, to an organization which is a successor (by 
merger, consolidation, purchase of assets, or similar transaction) to the 
Company, in which case such successor organization shall be bound under 
this Agreement and by the terms of such assignment in the same manner as 
the Company is bound under this Agreement, or (ii) in the case of the 
Manager, in the event of a Permitted Manager Assignment, in which case such 
successor organization shall be bound under this Agreement and by the terms 
of such assignment in the same manner as the Manager is bound under this 
Agreement.
 
For purposes of this Agreement “Permitted Manager Assignment” means the 
assignment of this Agreement by the Manager or the occurrence of a Manager 
Change of Control Event, in each case after obtaining the consent of the 
Company, which consent shall be approved by a majority of the Company’s 
independent directors.
 

- 14 -

 

 
For purposes of this Agreement, “Manager Change of Control Event” means (i) 
a sale, merger, equity issuance or similar transaction, whether directly or 
indirectly, involving the Manager or its equity holders in which the 
indirect and direct equity holders of the Manager immediately prior to such 
transaction would own, in the aggregate, less than 50% of the total 
combined voting power of all classes of capital stock of the surviving 
entity normally entitled to vote for the election of directors or managers 
of the surviving entity, or (ii) the sale by the Manager of all or 
substantially all of the Manager’s assets in one transaction or in a series 
of related transactions, or (iii) any transaction or combination of 
transactions as a result of which the person(s) in control of the Manager, 
whether directly or indirectly, as of the date of this Agreement cease to 
be in control of the Manager; provided, however, (a) a Manager Change of 
Control Event shall not be deemed to have occurred, if such transaction 
involves a sale, transfer or similar transaction from any direct or 
indirect equity holder(s) of the Manager as of the date of this Agreement 
to another direct or indirect equity holder(s) of the Manager as of the 
date of this Agreement, or (b) as a result of a change in the executive 
officers of the Manager.
 
(f)            Payments to and Duties of Sub-Manager upon Termination or 
Non-Renewal.
 
(i)            After the termination or non-renewal of this Agreement, the 
Sub-Manager shall not be entitled to compensation for further services 
hereunder except it shall be entitled to receive from the Manager or the 
Company within ninety (90) days of such termination or non-renewal all 
unpaid reimbursements and all earned but unpaid fees payable to the 
Sub-Manager prior to the termination of this Agreement consistent with the 
terms of the Exclusivity Agreement.
 
(ii)           The Sub-Manager shall promptly upon termination:
 
(A)          Deliver to the Company and the Manager a full accounting, 
including a statement showing all payments collected by it and a statement 
of all money held by it, covering the period following the date of the last 
accounting furnished to the Manager;
 
(B)          Deliver to the Company all assets and documents of the Company 
then in custody of the Sub-Manager; and
 
(C)          Cooperate with the Company’s and/or the Manager’s reasonable 
request to provide an orderly management transition, including payment of 
the cost of such termination as required by Section 13.4 of the Company’s 
Limited Liability Company Operating Agreement, as amended.
 
(g)           Survival. The provisions of this Section 11 shall remain in 
full force and effect, and the Sub-Manager shall remain entitled to the 
benefits thereof, notwithstanding any termination of this Agreement.
 
12.           Notices.
 
(a)           All notices, requests, claims, demands and other 
communications hereunder which relate to this Agreement shall be in writing 
and shall deemed to be delivered, (i) upon delivery in person, (ii) one day 
after deposit with Federal Express or similar overnight courier service, 
(iii) three days after being mailed by registered or certified mail 
(postage prepaid, return receipt requested), or (iv) one day after sending 
an e-mail provided such e-mail is followed by deposit with Federal Express 
or similar overnight courier no later than the following day.
 

- 15 -

 

 
(b)           Unless otherwise notified in writing, all notices, request, 
claims, demands and other communications shall be given to the respective 
parties at the following addresses or at such other address for a party as 
shall be specified in a notice given in accordance with this Section 12:
 
  	To the Company: 	CNL Strategic Capital LLC
  	  	CNL Center at City Commons
  	  	450 South Orange Avenue
  	  	Orlando, Florida 32801
  	  	Attn: General Counsel
  	  	E-mail: dwolmer@llcp.com; holly.greer@cnl.com
  	  	 
  	To the Manager: 	CNL Strategic Capital Management, LLC
  	  	CNL Center at City Commons
  	  	450 South Orange Avenue
  	  	Orlando, Florida 32801
  	  	Attn: Chief Financial Officer and General Counsel
  	  	E-mail: tammy.tipton@cnl.com; holly.greer@cnl.com
  	  	 
  	To the Sub-Manager: 	Levine Leichtman Strategic Capital, LLC
  	  	335 North Maple Drive, Suite 130
  	  	Beverly Hills, CA 90210
  	  	Attn: General Counsel
  	  	E-mail: dwolmer@llcp.com
                         
13.           Amendment. This Agreement shall not be amended, modified or 
waived, in whole or in part, except by an instrument in writing signed by 
the parties hereto, or their respective successors or permitted assignees. 
The Manager and the Company hereby acknowledge and agree that (a) the 
Management Agreement may not be amended, modified or waived, in whole or in 
part, including Section 3 thereof, without the prior written consent of the 
Sub-Manager, and (b) the Manager and the Company may not waive or defer any 
Base Management Fee or Incentive Fee due and payable to the Manager under 
the Management Agreement without the prior written consent of the 
Sub-Manager, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld.
 
14.           Severability. If any provision of this Agreement shall be 
declared illegal, invalid, or unenforceable by any law or public policy in 
any jurisdiction, then such provision shall be deemed to be severable from 
this Agreement (to the extent permitted by law) and in any event such 
illegality, invalidity or unenforceability shall not affect the remainder 
hereof.
 
15.           Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in counterparts, 
each of which shall be deemed to be an original copy and all of which 
together shall constitute one and the same instrument binding on all 
parties hereto, notwithstanding that all parties shall not have signed the 
same counterpart.
 

- 16 -

 

 
16.           Entire Agreement; Governing Law. This Agreement contains the 
entire agreement of the parties and supersedes all prior agreements, 
understandings and arrangements with respect to the subject matter hereof, 
provided that the Exclusivity Agreement shall remain in full force and 
effect. Notwithstanding the place where this Agreement may be executed by 
any of the parties hereto, this Agreement shall be construed in accordance 
with the laws of the State of New York, without regard to principles of 
conflict of laws that would result in the application of the laws of 
another jurisdiction, and any action brought to enforce the agreements made 
hereunder or any action which arises out of the relationship created 
hereunder shall be brought exclusively in the federal or state courts for 
New York County, New York. Each party hereby irrevocably waives its rights 
to trial by jury in any action or proceeding arising out of this Agreement 
or the transactions relating to its subject matter.
 
17.           Waivers. Neither the failure nor any delay on the part of a 
party to exercise any right, remedy, power or privilege under this 
Agreement shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or 
partial exercise of any right, remedy, power or privilege preclude any 
other or further exercise of the same or of any other right, remedy, power 
or privilege, nor shall any waiver of any right, remedy, power or privilege 
with respect to any occurrence be construed as a waiver of such right, 
remedy, power or privilege with respect to any other occurrence. No waiver 
shall be effective unless it is in writing and is signed by the party 
asserted to have granted such waiver.
 
18.           Specific Performance.
 
Each of the parties acknowledges and agrees that the other parties would be 
damaged irreparably in the event any of the provisions of this Agreement 
are not performed in accordance with their specific terms or otherwise are 
breached. Accordingly, each of the parties agrees that the other parties 
shall be entitled to an injunction or injunctions to prevent breaches of 
the provisions of this Agreement and to enforce specifically this Agreement 
and the terms and provisions hereof in any action instituted in any court 
of the United States or any state thereof having jurisdiction over the 
parties and the matter, in addition to any other remedy to which they may 
be entitled, at law or in equity. Notwithstanding the foregoing, each party 
hereby acknowledges and agrees that the specific performance right set 
forth in this Section 18 shall apply solely and exclusively to the rights 
and obligations of the parties in Section 11(d) and 13 of this Agreement.
 
19.           Survival. The provisions of Sections 10, 11, 16, 17, 18, 25 
and this Section 19 shall survive the termination of this Agreement.
 

- 17 -

 

 
20.           Insurance. Pursuant to the terms of the Management Agreement, 
the Company has agreed to acquire and maintain a directors and officers 
liability insurance policy or similar insurance policy, which shall name 
the Manager and the Sub-Manager as an additional insured party (each an “
Additional Insured Party” and collectively the “Additional Insured Parties
”), with coverage of at least $10 million. Such insurance policy shall 
include reasonable coverage from a reputable insurer and shall be reviewed 
by the Board on an annual basis and adjusted, if appropriate, for the size 
of the Company’s portfolio. Pursuant to the terms of the Management 
Agreement, the Company has agreed to make all premium payments required to 
maintain such policy in full force and effect and to provide the Manager 
and the Sub-Manager written notice upon receipt of any notice of: (a) any 
default under such policy; (b) any pending or threatened termination, 
cancellation or non-renewal of such policy or (c) any coverage limitation 
or reduction with respect to such policy. The Manager agrees to take all 
steps necessary to enforce the Company’s obligations under Section 18 of 
the Management Agreement.
 
21.           Gender. Words used herein regardless of the number and gender 
specifically used, shall be deemed and construed to include any other 
number, singular or plural, and any other gender, masculine, feminine or 
neuter, as the context requires.
 
22.           Titles not to Affect Interpretation. The titles of paragraphs 
and subparagraphs contained in this Agreement are for convenience only, and 
they neither form a part of this Agreement nor are they to be used in the 
construction or interpretation hereof.
 
23.           Representations, Warranties and Covenants of the Sub-Manager
. The Sub-Manager represents, warrants and covenants to the Manager and the 
Company as follows:
 
(a)            The Sub-Manager is a limited liability company duly 
organized and validly existing under the laws of the State of Delaware with 
the power to own and possess its assets and carry on its business as the 
business is now being conducted.
 
(b)           The execution, delivery and performance by the Sub-Manager of 
this Agreement is within the Sub-Manager’s powers and has been duly 
authorized by all necessary actions and no action by or in respect of, or 
filing with, any governmental body, agency or official is required on the 
part of the Sub-Manager for the execution, delivery or performance of this 
Agreement by the Sub-Manager. The execution, delivery and performance of 
this Agreement by the Sub-Manager does not violate, contravene or 
constitute a default under (i) any provision of any applicable law, rule or 
regulation, (ii) the Sub-Manager’s organizational documents, or (iii) any 
agreement, judgment, injunction, order, decree or other instruments binding 
upon the Sub-Manager or any of the Sub-Manager’s property.
 
(c)            The Sub-Manager has met, in all material respects, and will 
continue to meet, in all material respects, for the duration of this 
Agreement, any applicable federal or state requirements, or the applicable 
requirements of any regulatory or industry self-regulatory agency, 
necessary to be met by the Sub-Manager in order for the Sub-Manager to 
perform the services contemplated by this Agreement.
 
(d)           The Sub-Manager will carry out its responsibilities under 
this Agreement in compliance in all material respects with (i) any 
applicable federal or state laws, rules or regulations, including 
securities laws, rules and regulations, (ii) the Company’s business 
strategy, guidelines, strategy, policies and limitations as may be set by 
the Board from time to time and (iii) such other policies or directives as 
the Board may from time to time establish or issue and that the Manager 
communicates to the Sub-Manager in writing, provided that the Manager will 
promptly notify the Sub-Manager in writing of changes to the matters 
identified in (ii) or (iii) above, to the extent the Manager is informed of 
such changes pursuant to the Management Agreement.
 

- 18 -

 

 
24.           Representations, Warranties and Covenants of the Manager. The 
Manager represents, warrants and covenants to the Sub-Manager and the 
Company as follows:
 
(a)           The Manager is a limited liability company duly organized and 
validly existing under the laws of the State of Delaware with the power to 
own and possess its assets and carry on its business as the business is now 
being conducted.
 
(b)           The execution, delivery and performance by the Manager of 
this Agreement and the Management Agreement is within the Manager’s powers 
and has been duly authorized by all necessary actions on the part of the 
Manager and no action by or in respect of, or filing with, any governmental 
body, agency or official is required on the part of the Manager for the 
execution, delivery or performance of this Agreement or the Management 
Agreement by the Manager. The execution, delivery and performance of this 
Agreement and the Management Agreement by the Manager does not violate, 
contravene or constitute a default under (i) any provision of any 
applicable law, rule or regulation, (ii) the Manager’s organizational 
documents, (iii) the Management Agreement, or (iv) any agreement, judgment, 
injunction, order, decree or other instruments binding upon the Manager or 
any of the Manager’s property.
 
(c)            The Manager has met, in all material respects, and will 
continue to meet, in all material respects, for the duration of this 
Agreement, any applicable federal or state requirements, or the applicable 
requirements of any regulatory or industry self-regulatory agency, 
necessary to be met by the Manager in order for the Manager to perform the 
obligations contemplated by this Agreement.
 
(d)           The Manager will carry out its responsibilities under this 
Agreement in compliance in all material respects with (i) any applicable 
federal or state laws, rules or regulations, including securities laws, 
rules and regulations, (ii) the Company’s business strategy, guidelines, 
strategy, policies and limitations as may be set by the Board from time to 
time and (iii) such other policies or directives as the Board may from time 
to time establish or issue.
 
(e)            The Manager and the Company have duly entered into the 
Management Agreement pursuant to which the Company authorized the Manager 
to enter into this Agreement.
 
25.           Non-Solicitation.
 
(a)           Non-Solicitation of the Manager’s Employees. During the 
period commencing on the date hereof and ending one year following the 
termination of this Agreement, the Sub-Manager shall not, without the 
Manager’s prior written consent, directly or indirectly, (a) solicit or 
encourage any person to leave the employment or other service of the 
Manager, or (b) hire, on behalf of the Sub-Manager or any other person or 
entity, any person who has left the employment of the Manager within the 
one year period following the termination of that person’s employment with 
respect to the Manager. During the period commencing on the date hereof 
through and ending one year following the termination of this Agreement, 
the Sub-Manager will not, whether for its own account or for the account of 
any other person, firm, corporation, or other business organization, 
intentionally interfere with the relationship of the Manager with, or 
endeavor to entice away from the Manager, any person who during the term of 
the Agreement is, or during the preceding one-year period, was a partner, 
joint venturer or client of the Manager.
 

- 19 -

 

 
(b)           Non-Solicitation of the Sub-Manager’s Employees. During the 
period commencing on the date hereof and ending one year following the 
termination of this Agreement, the Manager shall not, without the 
Sub-Manager’s prior written consent, directly or indirectly, (a) solicit or 
encourage any person to leave the employment or other service of the 
Sub-Manager, or (b) hire, on behalf of the Manager or any other person or 
entity, any person who has left the employment of the Sub-Manager within 
the one year period following the termination of that person’s employment 
with respect to the Sub-Manager. During the period commencing on the date 
hereof through and ending one year following the termination of this 
Agreement, the Manager will not, whether for its own account or for the 
account of any other person, firm, corporation, or other business 
organization, intentionally interfere with the relationship of the 
Sub-Manager with, or endeavor to entice away from the Sub-Manager, any 
person who during the term of the Agreement is, or during the preceding 
one-year period, was a partner, joint venturer or client of the 
Sub-Manager.
 
26.           Brand Usage. The Sub-Manager conducts its business under, 
owns all rights to, and has proprietary interests in the names “Levine 
Leichtman,” “Levine Leichtman Capital Partners,” and “Levine Leichtman 
Strategic Capital” as well as the trademark “LL” and the “LL” design 
(collectively, the “Brand”). In connection with the Company’s (a) public 
filings; (b) requests for information from state and federal regulators; 
(c) offering materials and advertising materials; and (d) press releases, 
the Company may state in such materials that Sub-Manager services are being 
provided to the Company under the terms of this Agreement. The Sub-Manager 
hereby grants a non-exclusive, non-transferable, and non-sublicensable 
license to the Manager and the Company for the use of the Brand solely as 
permitted in the foregoing sentence. The Manager agrees to control the use 
of such Brand in accordance with the standards and policies as established 
between the Manager and the Sub-Manager. The Sub-Manager reserves the right 
to terminate this license immediately upon written notice for any reason, 
including if the usage is not in compliance with the standards and 
policies. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the term of the license granted 
under this Section shall be for the term of this Agreement only, including 
renewals and extensions, and the right to use the Brand as provided herein 
shall terminate immediately upon the termination of this Agreement or the 
relationship between the Manager and the Sub-Manager. The Company and the 
Manager each agree that the Sub-Manager is the sole owner of the Brand, and 
any and all goodwill in the Brand arising from the Company’s use shall 
inure solely to the benefit of the Sub-Manager. Without limiting the 
foregoing, this license shall have no effect on the Company’s ownership 
rights of the works within which the Brand shall be used.
 

- 20 -

 

 
27.           Construction. The parties have participated jointly in the 
negotiation and drafting of this Agreement. In the event an ambiguity or 
question of intent or interpretation arises, this Agreement shall be 
construed as if drafted jointly by the parties and no presumption or burden 
of proof shall arise favoring or disfavoring any party by virtue of the 
authorship of any of the provisions of this Agreement. Any reference to any 
federal, state, local, or foreign statue or law shall be deemed also to 
refer to all rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, unless the 
context requires otherwise. As used herein: (a) words in the singular shall 
be held to include the plural and vice versa; (b) the terms “hereof,” 
“herein,” and “herewith” and words of similar import shall, unless 
otherwise stated be construed to refer to this Agreement as a whole and not 
to any particular provision of this Agreement; (c) the terms “include,” 
“includes” and “including” and words of like import will be deems to be 
followed by the words “without limitation;” (d) unless the context 
otherwise requires, the word “or” is not exclusive; and (e) unless the 
context otherwise requires, any reference to a “party” means the Manager, 
on the one hand, and the Sub-Manager, on the other hand.
 
[SIGNATURES APPEAR ON THE FOLLOWING PAGE]
 

- 21 -

 

 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Agreement as of 
the date and year first above written.
 
  	CNL STRATEGIC CAPITAL MANAGEMENT, LLC
  	  	 
  	By: 	/s/Tammy J. Tipton
  	 	Name: Tammy J. Tipton
  	 	Title: Chief Financial Officer
  	  	 
  	LEVINE LEICHTMAN STRATEGIC CAPITAL, LLC
  	  	 
  	By: 	/s/David Wolmer
  	 	Name: David Wolmer
  	 	Title: Vice President
 
Agreed and acknowledged for the purpose of its rights and obligations under 
Sections 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 9, 10, 11, 12, 13, 18, 19, 20 and 26 only:
 
CNL Strategic Capital, LLC
  
By: 	/s/ Chirag J. Bhavsar 	 
  	Name: Chirag J. Bhavsar 	 
  	Title: Chief Executive Officer 	 
 
[Signature Page to Sub-Management Agreement]
 

 

 