 EX-10.8 15 a2234454zex-10_8.htm EX-10.8
Exhibit 10.8
 
STOCK PURCHASE AGREEMENT
 
THIS AGREEMENT, dated as of               , (this “Agreement”), is entered 
into by and between BioXcel Therapeutics, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the 
“Company”), and the investors identified on Schedule 1 attached hereto (the 
“Investors”).
 
WHEREAS, the Investors desire to purchase shares of the Company’s common 
stock, par value $0.001 per share (the “Common Stock”), and the Company 
desires to sell Common Stock to the Investors pursuant to the terms set 
forth in this   Agreement.
 
    NOW, THEREFORE, the parties agree as follows:
 
  1.              Purchase and Sale. Subject to the provisions of this
  Agreement, on  the  Closing Date (as hereinafter defined) the Company
  shall sell to the Investors, and the Investors  shall purchase from the
  Company, the number of shares of Common Stock set forth opposite such
  Investor’s name on Schedule 1 annexed hereto, at a purchase price of $  
  per share.
 
  2.              Closing of Purchase and Sale.
 
    2.1.         Closing; Closing Date. The purchase and sale of the Common
    Stock pursuant to Section 1 (the “Closing”) shall take place at the
    offices of BioXcel Therapeutics Inc., 780 East Main Street, Branford
    CT, or at such other place as may be agreed upon by the Company and the
    Investors, at 11:00 a.m. local time on the date of this Agreement or at
    such other time as may be agreed upon by the Company and the Investors
    (the “Closing Date”).
 
    2.2.         Transactions at Closing. At the Closing, the Company shall
    deliver to the Investors or their representatives certificates in the
    name of each Investor representing the Common Stock being purchased
    hereunder and each Investor shall deliver to the Company, by check or
    wire transfer of immediately available funds, the amount of the
    purchase price set forth opposite such Investor’s name on Schedule 1 
    hereto, or such other consideration agreed upon by the Company.
 
  3.              Representations and Warranties of the Company.   The
  Company represents and warrants, as of the date of this Agreement,  
  that:
 
    3.1.         Organization, Standing and Qualification. The Company is a
    corporation duly organized, validly existing and in  good  standing 
    under  the  laws  of the  State of Delaware and has full corporate
    power  and  authority  to own, lease and  operate its property  and 
    assets and  to conduct its business as proposed to be conducted by it. 
    The Company has all requisite corporate power and authority to enter
    into and perform its obligations under this Agreement and to carry out
    the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. The Company is duly
    qualified to transact business and is in good standing in each
    jurisdiction in which the failure to so qualify would have a material
    adverse effect on the Company.
 
    3.2.         Capitalization. The authorized capital stock of the
    Company as of        , 2017, consisted of 100,000 shares of Common
    Stock,       of which were issued and outstanding. As of       , 2017,
    up to 12,500 shares of Common Stock may be acquired from the Company
    pursuant to options, warrants, convertible securities or other
    agreements.
 
    3.3.         Validity of Shares.  The Common Stock, when issued, sold
    and delivered in accordance with
 
1
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
    the terms of this Agreement, will be duly and validly issued, fully
    paid and non-assessable.
      
    3.4.         Authorization; Approvals. All corporate action  on  the 
    part  of  the Company necessary for the authorization, execution,
    delivery and performance  of  all  its obligations under this Agreement
    and for  the  authorization,  issuance  and  delivery  of  the Common
    Stock has been (or will be) taken prior to the Closing.  This
    Agreement,  when executed  and delivered by or on behalf of the
    Company, will constitute the valid and legally binding  obligation of
    the Company, legally enforceable against the Company  in  accordance 
    with  its  terms, except (a) as limited by applicable bankruptcy,
    insolvency, reorganization, moratorium , fraudulent conveyance or other
    laws of general application  relating  to  or  affecting  the
    enforcement of creditors’ rights generally or (b) as limited by laws
    relating to the availability of specific performance,  injunctive 
    relief  or other  equitable  remedies.  The Company  has obtained  or
    will obtain prior to the Closing, all  necessary  consents,
    authorizations,  approvals  and  orders, and has made all
    registrations, qualifications,  designations,  declarations  or 
    filings  with  all  federal, state or other relevant  governmental 
    authorities  required  on the part  of the  Company  to be made prior
    to the Closing in connection with  the  consummation  of  the 
    transactions contemplated  by this Agreement.
 
    3.5.         No Conflict with Other Instruments. The execution,
    delivery  and  performance of this Agreement will not result in any 
    violation  of,  be  in  conflict  with,  or constitute a default under
    any terms or provision of: (a)  the  Company’s  Certificate  of 
    Incorporation,  as amended; (b) any judgment, decree  or order to which
     the  Company  is a   party; (c) any agreement, contract,
    understanding,  indenture  or other instrument  to which the  Company 
    is a party, the effect of which would give rise to a material adverse
    effect on the Company; or (d) any statute, rule  or governmental 
    regulation  applicable to the  Company.
 
    3.6.         Fees and Commissions. The Company has not retained, or
    otherwise authorized to act, any finder, broker, agent, financial
    advisor or other intermediary (each, an “Intermediary”) in connection
    with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and the Company
    shall indemnify and hold harmless the Investors from liability for any
    compensation to  any Intermediary retained or otherwise authorized  to 
    act by,  or  on behalf of, the  Company,  and the fees and expenses of
    defending against  such liability  or alleged   liability.
 
  4.              Anti-dilution. In the event that, between       , 2017
  and 2018, the Company issued or issues additional securities at a
  purchase price of less than $   per share of common stock of Common Stock
  (a “Dilutive Issuance”), the Investor will be issued additional shares of
  Common Stock in accordance with the following formula:
 
NS = CS * ((A+C) / (A+B)) – CS
 
    Where:
 
       NS = The number of shares of Common Stock the Investor will receive
       in addition to the shares issued under this Agreement;
 
       CS = The number of shares of Common Stock issued to the Investor
       under this Agreement;
 
       A = The number of shares of Common Stock deemed to be outstanding
       immediately prior to a Dilutive Issuance. This includes all
       outstanding Common Stock, all outstanding preferred shares on an
       as-converted basis, all outstanding options on an as-exercised basis
       and all other securities convertible into Common Stock;
 
       B = The aggregate consideration received by the Company with respect
       to a Dilutive Issuance, divided by$  ; and
 
2
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
       C = The number of new shares of Common Stock issued in a Dilutive
       Issuance.
 
      The Investor’s rights under this Section 4 shall terminate upon the
      consummation of an initial public offering of the Company’s equity
      securities and the listing of the Company’s equity securities on a
      national securities exchange.
 
  5.              Representations and Warranties of the Investors. Each
  Investor, severally and not jointly,  represents  and warrants,  as of
  the date hereof, that:
 
    5.1.         Authorization. The Investor has full power and authority
    to enter into this Agreement. This Agreement, when executed and 
    delivered  by  the  Investor,  will  constitute  a  valid and legally
    binding obligation of the  Investor,  enforceable  against  the 
    Investor  in accordance with its terms, except (a) as limited by
    applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or
    fraudulent conveyance and any other laws of general application
    relating to or affecting the enforcement of creditors’ rights generally
    or (b) as limited by laws relating to the availability of specific
    performance, injunctive relief or other equitable remedies.
 
    5.2.         Purchase Entirely for Own Account. The Investor
    understands that the shares of Common Stock (the “Shares”) to be
    acquired by the Investor are “restricted securities” and have not been
    registered under the Securities Act or any applicable state securities
    law and is acquiring the Shares as principal for its own account and
    not with a view to or for distributing or reselling such Shares or any
    part thereof in violation of the Securities Act or any applicable state
    securities law, has no present intention of distributing any of such
    Shares in violation of the Securities Act or any applicable state
    securities law and has no direct or indirect arrangement or
    understandings with any other persons to distribute or regarding the
    distribution of such Shares in violation of the Securities Act or any
    applicable state securities law. The Investor is acquiring the Shares
    hereunder in the ordinary course of its business.
 
    5.3.         Disclosure of Information. The Investor has had an
    opportunity to discuss the Company’s, business, management, financial
    affairs and the terms and conditions of the  offering of the Shares
    with the Company’s management and has had an opportunity to review the
    Company’s facilities, and the Investor has been furnished with copies
    of  documents  relating  thereto that the Investor has requested. The
    foregoing, however, does not limit or modify the representations and
    warranties of the Company in Section 2 of this Agreement or the right
    of the Investors to rely thereon.·
 
    5.4.         Lack of Liquidity. The Investor is presently able (a) to
    bear the economic risk of the Investor’s investment in the Shares, (b)
    to hold the Shares for an indefinite period of time and (c) to afford a
    complete loss of the Investor’s investment.  The Investor has
    sufficient liquid assets so that the illiquidity associated with the
    Investor’s investment in the Shares will not cause any financial
    difficulties for the Investor or affect the Investor’s ability to
    provide for the Investor’s current needs and possible financial
    contingencies. The Investor is able to bear the high degree of economic
    risk of this investment including, but not limited to, the possible
    complete loss of Investor’s entire investment and the limited
    transferability of the Shares, which may make liquidation of this
    investment impossible for the indefinite future. The Investor’s
    commitment to speculative investments (including the investment by the
    Investor in the Shares) is reasonable in relation to the Investor’s net
    worth or investment portfolio.
 
    5.5.         Knowledge and Experience. The Investor has such knowledge
    and experience in financial and business matters that the Investor is
    capable of evaluating the merits and risks of a speculative investment
    which involves a high degree of risk of loss of the entire investment,
 
3
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
       such as an investment in the Shares, and of making an informed
       investment decision with respect thereto.
 
    5.6.         Restricted Securities. The Investor understands that the
    Shares have not been, and will not be, registered under the Securities
    Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”), by reason of a specific
    exemption from the registration provisions of the Securities Act which
    depends upon, among other things, the bona fide nature of the
    investment intent and the accuracy of the Investor’s representations as
    expressed herein. The Investor understands that the Shares are
    “restricted securities” under applicable U.S. federal and state
    securities laws and that, pursuant to these laws, the Investor must
    hold the Shares indefinitely unless they are registered with the
    Securities and Exchange Commission and qualified by state authorities
    or an exemption from such registration and qualification requirements
    is available.  The Investor  acknowledges that  the  Company  has  no 
    obligation  to  register  or  qualify  the  Shares  for  resale. The
    Investor further acknowledges that if  an exemption  from registration 
    or qualification  is  available,  it may be conditioned on various
    requirements including, but  not  limited  to,  the  time  and  manner 
    of sale, the holding period for the Shares and on requirements relating
    to the Company which are outside of the Investor’s control, and which
    the Company is under no obligation and may not  be  able to satisfy.
 
    5.7.         No Public Market. The Investor understands that no public
    market now exists for the Shares and that the Company has made no
    assurances that a public market will ever exist for the Shares.
 
    5.8.         Legends. The Investor understands that the Shares and any
    securities issued in respect of or exchange for the Shares may bear, in
    addition to any legend required by the securities laws of any state to
    the extent such laws are applicable to the Shares represented by the
    certificate so legended, a legend similar to the following:
 
       5.8.1.    “THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE HAVE NOT
       BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933 (THE “SECURITIES
       ACT”), AND HAVE BEEN ISSUED IN RELIANCE ON AN EXEMPTION FROM
       REGISTRATION PROVIDED FROM REGULATIONS UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT. 
       THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR
       SOLD, DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY, EXCEPT (A) PURSUANT TO AND IN
       CONFORMITY WITH (I) AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE
       SECURITIES ACT OR (II) ANY THEN AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM THE
       REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT AND (B) PURSUANT
       TO AND IN CONFORMITY WITH ANY APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES OR BLUE
       SKY LAWS. OTHER THAN PURSUANT TO AND IN CONFORMITY WITH AN EFFECTIVE
       REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, NO SUCH OFFER OR
       SALE OF THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE MAY BE MADE
       UNLESS, IF REQUESTED BY IT, BIOXCEL THERAPEUTICS, INC. HAS RECEIVED
       A WRITTEN LEGAL OPINION OF COUNSEL (SUCH COUNSEL AND OPINION
       REASONABLY ACCEPTABLE TO IT) TO THE EFFECT THAT SUCH OFFER OR SALE
       DOES NOT VIOLATE THE SECURITIES ACT OR ANY APPLICABLE STATE
       SECURITIES OR BLUE SKY LAWS.”
 
    5.9.         Accredited Investor. The Investor is an accredited
    investor as defined in Rule 501(a) of Regulation D promulgated under
    the Securities Act.
 
     5.10.           Foreign Investors.  If the  Investor  is not  a United
      States person  (as defined by Section 7701(a)(30)  of the Code), the
     Investor  hereby  represents  that  it has satisfied itself
 
4
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
    as  to the full observance of the laws of its jurisdiction  in
    connection with any invitation to  subscribe  for the Shares or any use
    of this Agreement, including (a) the legal requirements within its
    jurisdiction for the purchase of the Shares,  (b) any  foreign 
    exchange  restrictions applicable  to such purchase,  (c) any
    governmental or other consents that may need to be obtained and (d) the
    income tax and other tax consequences, if any, that may be relevant to
    the purchase, holding, redemption, sale or transfer of the Shares. The
    Investor’s subscription and payment for and continued beneficial
    ownership of the Shares will not violate any applicable securities or
    other laws of the Investor’s jurisdiction.
 
    5.11.           No General Solicitation. Neither the Investor, nor any
    of its officers, directors, managers, employees, agents, stockholders,
    members or partners has, either directly or indirectly, including
    through a broker or finder (a) engaged in any general solicitation or,
    (b) published any advertisement in connection with the offer and sale
    of the Shares.
 
    5.12.           Exculpation Among Investors. The Investor acknowledges
    that it is not relying upon any person, other than the Company and its
    officers and directors, in making its investment or decision to invest
    in the Company. The Investor agrees that neither any Investor nor the
    respective controlling persons, officers, directors, partners, agents
    or employees of any Investor shall be liable to any other Investor for
    any action heretofore taken or omitted to be taken by any of them in
    connection with the purchase of the Shares.
 
    5.13.           Residence.  If the Investor is an individual, then the
    Investor resides in the state, province or other jurisdiction
    identified in the address of the Investor set forth on Schedule 1; if
    the Investor is a partnership, corporation, limited liability company
    or other entity, then the office, or offices of the Investor in which
    its principal place of business is located is identified in the address
    or addresses of the Investor set forth on Schedule 1.  The Investor is
    a citizen of the United States of America or otherwise qualifies as a
    holder of stock of an S corporation under the Code.
 
  6.              [Registration Rights. If, at any time after the Closing,
  the Company shall propose to file with the Commission a registration
  statement under the Securities Act (whether for itself or in connection
  with a sale of securities by any other stockholder) other than on Form
  S-1 in connection with the Company’s IPO (as defined herein), Forms S-4
  or S-8 (or any successor to such forms), the Company shall give notice to
  each Investor and include in such registration statement (and the
  prospectus included therein) all or any part of the Shares that such
  Purchaser requests to be registered; provided, however, that the Company
  shall not be required to register the resale of any Shares pursuant to
  that are eligible for resale pursuant to Rule 144 under the Securities
  Act without any requirement for the Company to maintain current public
  information and without any limitation on volume or manner of sale.]
 
  7.              [Reports Under Exchange Act. With a view to making
  available to the Investor the benefits of Rule 144 and any other rule or
  regulation of the Commission that may at any time permit the Investor to
  sell securities of the Company to the public without registration or
  pursuant to a registration on Form S-3, the Company shall:
 
    7.1.         make and keep available adequate current public
    information, as those terms are understood and defined in Rule 144, at
    all times after the effective date of the registration statement filed
    by the Company for the IPO;
 
    7.2.         use commercially reasonable efforts to file with the
    Commission in a timely manner all reports and other documents required
    of the Company under the Securities Act and the Securities Exchange Act
    of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”) (at any time after the Company
    has become subject to such reporting requirements); and
 
    7.3.         furnish to the Investor, so long as the Investor owns any
    Shares, forthwith upon request (i) to the extent accurate, a written
    statement by the Company that it has complied with the reporting
    requirements of Rule 144 (at any time after ninety (90) days after the
    effective date of the registration statement filed by the Company for
    the IPO), the Securities Act, and the Exchange Act (at any time after
    the Company has become subject to such reporting requirements), or that
    it qualifies as a registrant whose securities may be resold pursuant to
    Form S-3 (at any time after the Company so qualifies); and (ii) such
    other information as may be reasonably requested in availing the
    Investor of any rule or regulation of the Commission that permits the
    selling of any such securities without registration (at any time after
    the Company has become subject to the reporting requirements under the
    Exchange Act) or pursuant to Form S-3 (at any time after the Company so
    qualifies to use such form).]
 
  8.              Lock-Up Agreement. Investors agree that, if Company
  completes an IPO (the “IPO”) on or before December 31, 2018, Investors
  will enter into a lock-up agreement for the benefit of such
  underwriter(s) in accordance with this Section (the “Lock-Up Agreement”).
  Pursuant to such Lock-Up Agreement, Investors will agree that they shall
  not, during the period beginning on the date of the prospectus for the
  delivery of shares of Common Stock pursuant to the IPO and ending either
  (i) one hundred eighty (180) days thereafter, or (ii) if any Company
  director, executive officer or stockholder is subject to any lock-up
  agreement that ends on a date earlier than one hundred eighty (180) days
  after the date of the prospectus for the delivery of shares of Common
  Stock pursuant to the IPO, such earlier date: (a) offer, pledge, sell,
  announce the intention to sell, contract to sell, sell any option or
  contract to purchase, purchase any option or contract to sell, grant any
  option, right or warrant to purchase, lend or otherwise transfer or
  dispose of, any shares of Common Stock; (b) enter into any swap or other
  arrangement that transfers to another Person, in whole or in part, any of
  the economic consequences of ownership of shares of Common Stock; or (c)
  make any demand for, or exercise any right with respect to, the
  registration of any shares of Common Stock; in any case, whether any such
  transaction is to be settled by delivery of shares of Common Stock or
  other securities, in cash or otherwise. In addition, upon the Closing and
  prior to the earlier of (x) the effectiveness of the restrictions set
  forth in the Lock-Up Agreement, or (y) December 31, 2018, Investors agree
  that it shall not transfer or dispose of any shares of Common Stock
  (other than pursuant to this Agreement) unless and until the proposed
  transferee(s) has agreed in writing to be bound by this Section with
  respect to the shares of Common Stock acquired by such transferee. No
  transfer in violation of the preceding sentence shall be of any force or
  effect, and no such transfer shall be made or recorded on the books of
  Company. Investor acknowledges that its covenants in this Section are a
  material inducement for Company to enter
   
5
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
  into this Agreement and to consummate this transaction.
 
  9.              Modifications; Waiver Notices. All notices, requests,
  consents and other communications herein shall be in writing and shall be
  deemed to be delivered (i) on the date delivered, if personally
  delivered; (ii) on the business day after the date sent, if sent by
  recognized overnight courier service and (iii) on the fifth day after the
  date sent, if mailed by first-class certified mail, postage prepaid and
  return receipt requested , as follows, or to such other addresses as each
  of the parties hereto may provide from time to time in writing to the
  other parties:
 
  If to the Company:
 
  BioXcel Therapeutics Inc.
  780 East Main Street
  Branford, Connecticut 06405
  Attention:   Company Secretary
 
  If to the Investor(s):
 
  At their respective addresses set forth in Schedule 1 hereto.
 
  10.       Modifications; Waiver. Neither this Agreement nor any provision
  hereof may be changed, waived, discharged or terminated orally or in
  writing, except that any provision of this Agreement may be amended and
  the observance of any such provision may be waived (either generally or
  in a particular instance and either retroactively or prospectively)  with
   (but only with) the written consent of (a) the Company and (b) the
  holders of at least a majority of the Shares, provided, that, in the
  event that any modification, amendment or waiver of any terms of this
  Agreement that materially adversely affects the obligations and/or rights
  of  an  Investor hereunder in a manner materially different than other
  Investors hereto, such modification, amendment  or waiver  shall also
  require the written  consent of the adversely affected Investor.
 
  11.       Entire Agreement; Aggregation.  This Agreement, together with
  the schedule attached hereto and made a part hereof contains the entire
  agreement between the parties with respect to the transactions
  contemplated hereby, and supersedes all negotiations, agreements,
  representations, warranties, commitments, whether in writing or oral,
  prior to the date hereof.
 
  12.       Successors and Assigns. Except as otherwise expressly provided
  in this Agreement, all of the terms of this Agreement shall be binding
  upon and inure to the benefit of and be enforceable by the respective
  successors, assigns and permitted transferees of the parties hereto.
 
  13.       Execution and Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in
  any number of counterparts, each of which when so executed and delivered
  shall be deemed an original, and all such counterparts together shall
  constitute one instrument.
 
  14.       Governing Law and Severability. This Agreement shall be
  governed by the internal laws of the State of Connecticut, without regard
  to principles of conflicts of law.  In the event any provision of this
  Agreement or the application of any such provision to any party shall be
  held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be contrary to law, the
  remaining provisions of this Agreement shall remain in full force and
  effect.
 
  15.       Headings.  The descriptive headings of the sections hereof and
  the schedule hereto are inserted
   
6
------------------------------------------------------------------------

   
    for convenience only and do not constitute a part of this Agreement.
 
[Signature Pages Follow]
 
7
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Agreement as of 
the date first above written.
 
 
 
BIOXCEL THERAPEUTICS, INC.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Vimal Mehta, CEO
 
 
 
INVESTOR(S)
 
 
 
 
 
Name:
 
 
 
By:
 
8
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
SCHEDULE 1
Investors
 
Name and Address
 
Purchase Price
 
Number of Shares
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
9
------------------------------------------------------------------------

