 EX-10.1 6 finalcti_-xexchangexagreem.htm EXHIBIT 10.1




STOCK EXCHANGE AGREEMENT



This STOCK EXCHANGE AGREEMENT, is dated as of February 8, 2018 (this “
Agreement”), by and between CTI BIOPHARMA CORP., a Delaware corporation 
(the “Issuer”) and BVF PARTNERS L.P. (the “Holder”).


WHEREAS, the Issuer has outstanding, among other things, shares of Series O 
Preferred Stock, par value $0.001 per share (the “Preferred Stock”) with 
such designations, preferences and rights as set forth in the certificate 
of designation (the “Certificate of Designation”) attached hereto as 
Exhibit A;


WHEREAS, the Holder currently owns 8,000,000 shares of common stock, par 
value $0.001 per share, of the Issuer (the “Existing Common Stock”);


WHEREAS, the Holder currently owns 575 shares of Series N preferred stock, 
par value $0.001 per share, of the Issuer (the “Existing Series N Stock”);


WHEREAS, pursuant to Board approval, the Holder and Issuer each desires for 
the Holder (i) to exercise its one-time election rights to exchange 
6,843,938 shares of the Existing Common Stock for shares of Preferred Stock 
under the terms of those certain Letter Agreements dated December 9, 2015 
and June 9, 2017, respectively, between the Issuer and the Holder (the “
Letter Agreements”), and (ii) to exchange an additional 1,156,062 shares of 
the Existing Common Stock for shares of Preferred Stock (collectively, the 
“Common Stock Exchange”);


WHEREAS, the Holder and Issuer each desires for the Holder to exchange the 
Existing Series N Stock for shares of Preferred Stock (the “Preferred Stock 
Exchange”, and together with the Common Stock Exchange, the “Exchange”); 
and


WHEREAS, to effect the Exchange, the Holder will surrender the Existing 
Common Stock and the Existing Series N Stock in exchange for shares of the 
Preferred Stock in a manner expected to be exempt from registration under 
United States securities laws pursuant to Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities 
Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”).


NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and the mutual agreements 
and covenants hereinafter set forth, and for other good and valuable 
consideration, the receipt and adequacy of which are hereby acknowledged, 
the Issuer and the Holder hereby agree as follows:


ARTICLE I
EXCHANGE


Section 1.1    Exchange. On the basis of the representations, warranties 
and agreements herein contained, but subject to the terms and conditions 
herein set forth, at the Closing (as defined below), (i) the Holder shall 
transfer to the Issuer the Existing Common Stock as set forth on Schedule I
 (ii) the Holder shall transfer to the Issuer the Existing Series N Stock 
as set forth on Schedule I, and (iii) in exchange for the transfer of 
Existing Common Stock and the Existing Series N Stock by the Holder, the 
Issuer shall issue to the Holder the Preferred Stock as set forth on 
Schedule I.




------------------------------------------------------------------------




Thereafter, the Holder shall cease to have any further right, title or 
interest in and to the Existing Common Stock and Existing Series N Stock 
surrendered for exchange.


Section 1.2    Consideration. In exchange for each share of Existing Common 
Stock and Existing Series N Stock properly exchanged, the Holder will 
receive the respective Exchange Consideration as set forth on Schedule I. 
The amount of Preferred Stock issued to the Holder for all Existing Common 
Stock and all Existing Series N Stock exchanged by the Issuer will be 
rounded down, if necessary, to the nearest whole share of Preferred Stock. 
This rounded amount will be the number of shares of Preferred Stock the 
Holder will receive, and cash will be paid equal to the value of any shares 
or fractions of shares of Preferred Stock not received as a result of such 
rounding down. The Issuer shall issue and deliver to the Holder a 
certificate representing this rounded down number of shares of Preferred 
Stock, registered in the name of the Holder, and free and clear of any 
liens, claims, charges and encumbrances whatsoever and having the rights 
and privileges as set forth in the Certificate of Designation and other 
incidents of record and beneficial ownership pertaining thereto.


Section 1.3    Closing. The closing of the Exchange (the “Closing”) shall 
take place at the offices of O’Melveny & Myers LLP, Two Embarcadero Center, 
28th Floor, San Francisco, California 94111 within two (2) business days of 
the execution and delivery of this Agreement by each of the parties hereto 
(unless extended), provided that all of the conditions set forth in 
Article IV have been satisfied or waived, or at such time and place as the 
parties hereto shall agree. 


Section 1.4    Deliverable of the Holder. At the Closing, the Holder will 
execute and deliver or cause to be executed and delivered to the Issuer: 
(i) certificates representing the Existing Common Stock to be cancelled in 
exchange for the Preferred Stock, (ii) certificates representing the 
Existing Series N Stock to be cancelled in exchange for the Preferred Stock 
and (ii) such other documents and instruments as the Issuer or its counsel 
and the Holder shall reasonably and mutually deem necessary to consummate 
the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.


Section 1.4    Deliverable of the Company. At the Closing, the Issuer will 
issue the Preferred Stock to the Holder. Such stock certificate will be 
delivered to the Holder promptly following the Closing.


ARTICLE II
REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE ISSUER


Section 2.1    The Issuer represents and warrants to, and agrees with, the 
Holder that:


(a)    The Issuer has been duly incorporated and is a validly existing 
corporation in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its 
incorporation, with corporate power and authority to execute, deliver and 
perform the terms of this Agreement and to consummate the Exchange and has 
taken all necessary corporate action to authorize the execution, delivery 
and performance of this Agreement.


(b)    No consent, approval, authorization, or order of, or filing with, 
any governmental agency or body or any court is required for the 
consummation of the transactions contemplated by



2


------------------------------------------------------------------------




the Operative Documents in connection with the Exchange and issuance of the 
Preferred Stock, except (i) as may be required under the Securities Act, 
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”) or the 
regulations thereunder, or state securities “Blue Sky” laws in connection 
with the transactions contemplated hereby, (ii) such as will have been 
obtained on or prior to the Closing and (iii) for such consents, approvals, 
authorizations, or orders as to which the failure to obtain or have would 
not adversely affect the Holder and as to which the failure to obtain or 
have would not have a material adverse effect. The foregoing representation 
is made after reasonable consultation with counsel having responsibility 
for the matters covered thereby. “Operative Documents” means this 
Agreement, the Letter Agreements and the Certificate of Designation.


(c)    This Agreement has been duly and validly executed and delivered by 
the Issuer and constitutes the legal, valid and binding obligation of the 
Issuer, enforceable against the Issuer in accordance with its terms.


(d)    Neither the execution and delivery by the Issuer of this Agreement, 
the compliance by the Issuer with the terms and conditions hereof, nor the 
consummation by the Issuer of the transactions contemplated hereby will (i) 
violate, result in a breach of, or constitute a default under its 
constitutional or other governing documents, (ii) violate, result in a 
breach of, or constitute a default under (with or without notice or lapse 
of time, or both), in each case in any material respect, any agreement, 
instrument, judgment, order or decree to which the Issuer is a party or is 
otherwise bound or give to others any material rights or interests 
(including rights of purchase, termination, cancellation or acceleration) 
under any such agreement or instrument or (iii) conflict with or violate in 
any material respect any applicable laws. The execution, delivery and 
performance of this Agreement by the Issuer and the consummation of the 
transactions contemplated hereby do not and will not require any permit of, 
or filing with or notification to, any Governmental Entity except, as 
applicable, requirements under the Exchange Act and the rules and 
regulations promulgated thereunder. “Governmental Entity” means, in any 
jurisdiction, any (i) federal, state, local, foreign or international 
government; (ii) court, arbitral or other tribunal; (iii) governmental or 
quasi-governmental authority of any nature (including any political 
subdivision, instrumentality, branch, department, official or entity); or 
(iv) agency, commission, authority or body exercising, or entitled to 
exercise, any administrative, executive, judicial, legislative, police, 
regulatory or taxing authority or power of any nature.


(e)    The Preferred Stock, when issued and delivered in accordance with 
the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement, will be validly 
issued, fully paid nonassessable and free of restrictions on transfer other 
than restrictions on transfer provided for herein. Assuming the accuracy of 
the representations of the Holder made herein, the Preferred Stock will be 
issued in compliance with all applicable federal and state securities laws. 
The common stock, par value $0.001, per share, issuable upon conversion of 
the Preferred Stock has been duly reserved for issuance, and upon issuance 
in accordance with the terms of the Certificate of Designation and other 
governing documents of the Company, will be validly issued, fully paid and 
nonassessable and free of restrictions on transfer other than restrictions 
on transfer provided for herein.



3


------------------------------------------------------------------------




(f)    Neither the Company nor any of its affiliates nor any person acting 
on behalf of or for the benefit of any of the forgoing, has paid or given, 
or agreed to pay or give, directly or indirectly, any commission or other 
remuneration (within the meaning of Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act 
and the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission 
promulgated thereunder) for soliciting the Exchange. Assuming the 
representations and warranties of the Holder contained herein are true and 
complete, the Exchange will qualify for the registration exemption 
contained in Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act.


(g)    As of the Closing, the Exchange, the Preferred Stock and the 
Certificate of Designation have been duly authorized by the Issuer, the 
Preferred Stock will have been duly issued and registered, as applicable, 
and will be entitled to the benefits provided in the Certificate of 
Designation, the Certificate of Designation shall have been filed with and 
accepted by the Delaware Secretary of State, and the Certificate of 
Designation and such Preferred Stock will constitute valid and legally 
binding obligations of the Issuer, enforceable against the Issuer in 
accordance with their terms, subject to bankruptcy, insolvency, fraudulent 
transfer, reorganization, moratorium and similar laws of general 
applicability relating to or affecting creditors’ rights and to general 
equity principles.


ARTICLE III
REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE HOLDER


Section 3.1    The Holder represents and warrants to, and agrees with, the 
Issuer that:


(a)    The Holder has been duly organized and is in good standing under the 
laws of the jurisdiction of its organization, with company power and 
authority to execute, deliver and perform the terms of this Agreement and 
to consummate the Exchange and has taken all necessary company action to 
authorize the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement.


(b)    No consent, approval, authorization, or order of, or filing with, 
any governmental agency or body or any court is required for the 
consummation of the transactions contemplated by the Operative Documents in 
connection with the Exchange and issuance of the Preferred Stock, except 
(i) as may be required under the Securities Act, the Exchange Act or the 
regulations thereunder, state securities “Blue Sky” laws in connection with 
the transactions contemplated hereby, (ii) such as will have been obtained 
on or prior to the Closing and (iii) for such consents, approvals, 
authorizations, or orders as to which the failure to obtain or have would 
not adversely affect the Issuer and as to which the failure to obtain or 
have would not have a material adverse effect. The foregoing representation 
is made after reasonable consultation with counsel having responsibility 
for the matters covered thereby.


(c)    This Agreement has been duly and validly executed and delivered by 
the Holder and constitutes the legal, valid and binding obligation of the 
Holder, enforceable against the Holder in accordance with its terms.


(d)    Neither the execution and delivery by the Holder of this Agreement, 
the compliance by the Holder with the terms and conditions hereof, nor the 
consummation by the Holder of the transactions contemplated hereby will (i) 
violate, result in a breach of, or constitute a default under its 
constitutional or other governing documents, (ii) violate, result in a 
breach of, or constitute a



4


------------------------------------------------------------------------




default under (with or without notice or lapse of time, or both), in each 
case in any material respect, any agreement, instrument, judgment, order or 
decree to which the Holder is a party or is otherwise bound or give to 
others any material rights or interests (including rights of purchase, 
termination, cancellation or acceleration) under any such agreement or 
instrument or (iii) conflict with or violate in any material respect any 
applicable laws. The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement 
by the Holder and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby 
do not and will not require any permit of, or filing with or notification 
to, any Governmental Entity except, as applicable, requirements under the 
Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.


(e)    The Holder and/or its affiliates are the lawful owners of record and 
beneficially of the Existing Common Stock and Existing Series N Stock 
listed next to its name on Schedule I, and have good and marketable title 
to the Existing Common Stock and Existing Series N Stock, free and clear of 
any encumbrances, except for encumbrances created by this Agreement. There 
are no contracts or other agreements between or among the Holder and any 
other person that would conflict with, restrict or prohibit the Holder’s 
ability to exchange the Existing Common Stock or the Existing Series N 
Stock as described herein.


(f)    Neither the Holder nor any of its affiliates nor any person acting 
on behalf of or for the benefit of any of the forgoing, has paid or given, 
or agreed to pay or give, directly or indirectly, any commission or other 
remuneration (within the meaning of Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act 
and the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission 
promulgated thereunder) for soliciting the Exchange.


ARTICLE IV
CONDITIONS TO CLOSING


Section 4.1    Conditions to the Obligations of the Issuer. The obligations 
of the Issuer to consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement 
are subject to the satisfaction or waiver, at or before the Closing, of 
each of the following conditions:


(a)    Representations and Warranties. The representations and warranties 
of the Holder set forth in this Agreement that are qualified as to 
materiality shall be true and correct in all respects, and those that are 
not so qualified shall be true and correct in all material respects, on and 
as of the date hereof and on and as of the Closing as though made on and as 
of the Closing, other than for such failures to be true and correct, that 
individually and in the aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to have 
a material adverse effect on the Holder’s ability to perform its 
obligations under this Agreement.


(b)    Performance of Agreements. The Holder shall have performed and 
complied in all material respects with each agreement and obligation 
required by this Agreement to be performed or complied with by the Holder 
on or prior to the Closing.


(c)    Closing Deliveries. The Holder shall have made the deliveries 
required to be made by it under Section 1.1.



5


------------------------------------------------------------------------




Section 4.2    Conditions to the Obligations of the Holder. The obligations 
of the Holder to consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement 
are subject to the satisfaction or waiver, at or before the Closing, of 
each of the following conditions:


(a)    Representations and Warranties. The representations and warranties 
of the Issuer set forth in this Agreement that are qualified as to 
materiality shall be true and correct in all respects, and those that are 
not so qualified shall be true and correct in all material respects, on and 
as of the date hereof and on and as of the Closing as though made on and as 
of the Closing, other than for such failures to be true and correct, that 
individually and in the aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to have 
a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s ability to perform its 
obligations under this Agreement.


(b)    Performance of Agreements. The Issuer shall have performed and 
complied in all material respects with each agreement and obligation 
required by this Agreement to be performed or complied with by the Issuer 
on or prior to the Closing.


(c)    Closing Deliveries. The Issuer shall have made the deliveries or 
registrations, as applicable, required to be made by it under Section 1.1.


ARTICLE V
SURVIVAL


Section 5.1    Survival. All representations and warranties of the Issuer 
under this Agreement shall not survive the Closing.  


ARTICLE VI
GENERAL


Section 6.1    Entire Agreement. This Agreement contains all of the 
agreements, covenants, terms, conditions and representations and warranties 
agreed upon by the parties relating to the subject matter hereof and 
supersedes all prior and contemporaneous agreements, negotiations, 
correspondence, undertakings, representations, warranties and 
communications of any kind between the parties and their representatives, 
whether oral or written, respecting such subject matter.


Section 6.2    Successors and Assigns. This Agreement shall be binding 
upon, inure to the benefit of, and be enforceable by, the parties hereto 
and their respective legal representatives, successors and assigns; 
provided, that no party may assign, delegate or otherwise transfer any of 
its rights or obligations under this Agreement without the prior written 
consent of each other party hereto.


Section 6.3    Governing Law. This Agreement shall be governed by, and 
construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of New York without 
regard to principles of conflicts of laws.


Section 6.4    Counterparts; Effectiveness. This Agreement may be executed 
and delivered (including by electronic or facsimile transmission) in one or 
more counterparts, and by



6


------------------------------------------------------------------------




the different parties hereto in separate counterparts, each of which when 
executed shall be deemed to be an original but all of which taken together 
shall constitute one and the same agreement.


Section 6.5    Severability. If a court of competent jurisdiction rules 
that any provision of this Agreement is invalid, illegal or incapable of 
being enforced by any rule of law or public policy, the parties agree that 
this Agreement shall be considered severable and divisible, and a reviewing 
court shall have the authority to amend or “blue pencil” this Agreement so 
as to make it fully valid and enforceable.


Section 6.6    Expenses. All fees and expenses incurred in connection with 
the transactions contemplated hereby shall be the responsibility of the 
respective party incurring such fees and expenses.


Section 6.7    Notices. All notices and other communications provided for 
or permitted hereunder shall be in writing and shall be made by (a) United 
States registered or certified mail (return receipt requested), postage 
prepaid, in an envelope properly sealed, (b) a facsimile transmission where 
written acknowledgment of receipt of such transmission is received and a 
copy of the transmission is mailed with postage prepaid or (c) a nationally 
recognized overnight delivery service, in each case as follows:


(a)    if to the Issuer:


            CTI BioPharma Corp. 
            3101 Western Avenue, Suite 800 
            Seattle, WA 98121
            Attention:     Chief Financial Officer


            with a copy (which shall not constitute notice) to:


            O’Melveny & Myers LLP 
            Two Embarcadero Center, 28th Floor 
            San Francisco, California 94111
            Attention:     C. Brophy Christensen, Jr., Esq.
      Eric C. Sibbitt, Esq.


(b)    if to the Holder, to the address under the Holder’s name on the 
signature pages hereto.


            with a copy (which shall not constitute notice) to:


            Gibson, Dunn & Crutcher LLP
            555 Mission Street, Suite 3000
            San Francisco, California 94105
            Attention:     Ryan A. Murr, Esq.

Section 6.8    Remedies; Limitations.



7


------------------------------------------------------------------------




(a)    The parties agree that irreparable damage would occur in the event 
that any of the provisions of this Agreement were not performed in 
accordance with their specific terms or were otherwise breached. It is 
accordingly agreed that, in addition to being entitled to exercise all 
rights provided herein or granted by law, including recovery of damages, 
the Issuer, on the one hand, and the Holder, on the other hand, will be 
entitled to an injunction or injunctions to prevent breaches of this 
Agreement and to enforce specifically the terms and provisions of this 
Agreement. The parties agree to waive in any action for specific 
performance of any such obligation (other than in connection with any 
action for a temporary restraining order) the defense that a remedy at law 
would be adequate.


(b)    The sole and exclusive remedy for breaches of representations and 
warranties set forth herein shall be the respective right to refuse to 
consummate one or more transactions contemplated herein, as applicable, in 
accordance with and subject to the conditions precedent set forth herein.


(c)    Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, in any action, 
suit, claim or other proceeding hereunder or otherwise in connection with 
the transactions contemplated hereby, whether pursuant to claims under 
contract, tort, indemnification or any other theory, no party shall seek or 
be entitled to, and each party hereby knowingly and expressly disclaims the 
right to assert or receive, damages other than direct damages. In 
furtherance of the foregoing, the parties expressly disclaim, and shall not 
be entitled to recover, any indirect, incidental, special, exemplary, 
punitive or consequential damages or any damages measured by or based on 
diminution of value, lost profits, a multiple of earnings and/or future 
value of the Preferred Stock.


* * * * *




8


------------------------------------------------------------------------




IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have executed this Agreement as of the 
date first above written.


                                 CTI BIOPHARMA CORP.


                                 By:
                                 /s/ David Kirske
                                 Name:
                                 David Kirske
                                 Title:
                                 Chief Financial Officer
                                  
                                  
                                  
                                  
                                  
                                  
                                  
                                  
                                  
                                  
                                  
                                  
                                  
                                  




                              BVF PARTNERS L.P.


                              By Mark Lampert, President of BVF Inc,
                              General Partner of
                              BVF Partners LP, General Partner
                              Biotechnology Value Fund,
                              LP Biotechnology Value Fund II, LP
                              By Mark Lampert, President of BVF Inc,
                              General Partner of
                              BVF Partners LP, Sole Member BVF Partners OS
                              Ltd, General
                              Partner Biotechnology Value Trading Fund OS,
                              LP
                              By Mark Lampert, President of BVF Inc,
                              General Partner of
                              BVF Partners LP, Attorney-in-Fact Investment
                              10, LLC MSI
                              BVF SPV LLC The Trustees of the University of
                              Pennsylvania



                                 By:
                                 /s/ Mark Lampert
                                 Name:
                                 Mark Lampert
                                  
                                  
                                  
                                  
                                  
                                  
                                  
                                  
                                  
                                  
                                  
                                  
                                  
                                  
                                  
                                  




------------------------------------------------------------------------







------------------------------------------------------------------------




SCHEDULE I



Holder
Amount of Shares to be Exchanged
Type of Shares to be Exchanged
Exchange Consideration (per share of Existing Common Stock Exchanged)
Amount of Preferred Stock to be Issued (Rounded down to nearest whole 
Preferred Stock)
BVF Partners L.P.
8,000,000
Existing Common Stock
666.67
12,000
BVF Partners L.P.
575
Existing Series N Stock
1
575



