 EX-10.1 15 ex10-1.htm AMENDED AND RESTATED MANAGEMENT AGREEMENT DATED AS 
OF FEBRUARY 7, 2018 BY AND BETWEEN THE REGISTRANT AND CNL STRATEGIC CAPITAL 
MANAGEMENT, LLC
 
 
CNL Strategic Capital, LLC S-1
Exhibit 10.1 
 
 
 
AMENDED AND RESTATED
 
MANAGEMENT AGREEMENT
 
 
 

 

 
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
  	  	Page
  	  	 
1. 	Duties of the Manager 	1
2. 	Company’s Responsibilities and Expenses Payable by the Company 	5
3. 	Compensation of the Manager and the Sub-Manager 	8
4. 	Covenants of the Manager 	10
5. 	Limitations on Front End Fees 	11
6. 	Other Activities of the Manager 	11
7. 	Responsibility of Dual Directors, Officers and/or Employees 	12
8. 	Indemnification 	12
9. 	Effectiveness, Duration and Termination of Agreement 	14
10. 	Notices 	16
11. 	Amendments 	16
12. 	Severability 	16
13. 	Counterparts 	16
14. 	Entire Agreement; Governing Law 	17
15. 	Waivers 	17
16. 	Third Party Beneficiaries 	17
17. 	Survival 	17
18. 	Insurance 	17
19. 	Gender 	17
20. 	Titles not to Affect Interpretation 	18
21. 	Representations, Warranties and Covenants of the Manager 	18
22. 	Name 	18
23. 	Non-Solicitation 	19
 

i

 
THIS AMENDED AND RESTATED MANAGEMENT AGREEMENT (the “Agreement”) made as of 
the 7th day of February, 2018, effective as of the date provided herein, by 
and between CNL STRATEGIC CAPITAL, LLC, a Delaware limited liability 
company (the “Company”), and CNL STRATEGIC CAPITAL MANAGEMENT, LLC, a 
Delaware limited liability company (the “Manager”).
 
WHEREAS, the Company is a newly organized Delaware limited liability 
company and intends to acquire assets permitted by the terms of its amended 
and restated limited liability company agreement, as may be amended from 
time to time (the “LLC Agreement”);
 
WHEREAS, the Company desires to avail itself of the experience, source of 
information, advice, assistance and certain facilities of the Manager and 
to have the Manager undertake the duties and responsibilities hereinafter 
set forth, on behalf of, and subject to the supervision of the Board (as 
defined below), all as provided herein;
 
WHEREAS, the Manager is registered as an investment adviser under the 
Investment Advisers Act of 1940, as amended (the “Advisers Act”);
 
WHEREAS, the Company and the Manager have previously entered into a 
Management Agreement dated as of June 30, 2017, and the parties now wish to 
amend and restate such Management Agreement in its entirety by entering 
into this Agreement; and
 
WHEREAS, the Manager is willing to undertake to render such services, 
subject to the supervision of the Board of Directors of the Company (the “
Board”), on the terms and conditions hereinafter set forth.
 
NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and for other good and 
valuable consideration, the parties hereby agree as follows:
 
1.           Duties of the Manager.
 
(a)          Retention of Manager. The Company hereby employs the Manager 
to act as the manager to the Company and its subsidiaries and to manage the 
day-to-day operations of the Company and its subsidiaries, subject at all 
times to the supervision of the Board, for the period and upon the terms 
herein set forth:
 
(i)         in accordance with the business objectives, policies and 
restrictions that are (x) set forth in the Company’s Private Placement 
Memorandum dated June 30, 2017, as amended and/or supplemented from time to 
time (the “Offering Memorandum”); (y) contemplated by the Company’s 
Registration Statement (the “Registration Statement”) on Form S-1 to be 
filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”), as amended 
from time to time; and (z) otherwise approved or implemented by the Board;
 
(ii)        during the term of this Agreement in accordance with all other 
applicable federal and state laws, rules and regulations, and the Company’s 
certificate of formation and LLC Agreement, in each case as amended from 
time to time; and
 

1

 
(iii)       such business policies, directives, regulatory restrictions as 
the Company may from time to time establish or issue and communicate to the 
Manager in writing.
 
(b)         Responsibilities of Manager. Without limiting the generality of 
the foregoing, the Manager shall, during the term and subject to the 
provisions of this Agreement:
 
(i)         provide research and thought leadership with regard to the 
Company’s business and acquisition policies and operating company holdings;
 
(ii)        investigate, select, and, on behalf of the Company, engage and 
conduct business with such persons as the Manager deems necessary to the 
proper performance of its obligations hereunder, including but not limited 
to consultants, accountants, correspondents, lenders, technical advisers, 
attorneys, brokers, underwriters, corporate fiduciaries, escrow agents, 
depositaries, custodians, agents for collection, insurers, insurance 
agents, banks, securities investment advisors, mortgagors, and any and all 
agents for any of the foregoing, including affiliates of the Manager, and 
persons acting in any other capacity deemed by the Manager necessary or 
desirable for the performance of any of the foregoing services, including 
but not limited to entering into contracts in the name of the Company with 
any of the foregoing;
 
(iii)       consult with the officers and Board and assist the Board in the 
formulation and implementation of the Company’s financial policies, and, as 
necessary, furnish the Board with advice and recommendations with respect 
to asset acquisitions and dispositions consistent with the business 
objectives and policies of the Company and in connection with any 
borrowings proposed to be undertaken by the Company;
 
(iv)       subject to the provisions of Section 1(c) hereof (a) locate, 
analyze, perform due diligence on and select potential assets; (b) 
structure and negotiate the terms and conditions of transactions pursuant 
to which asset acquisitions and dispositions will be made including, 
without limitation, the formation and qualification of wholly owned 
subsidiaries and special purpose vehicles; (c) make asset acquisitions and 
dispositions on behalf of the Company in compliance with the business 
strategy and policies of the Company; and (d) arrange for financing and 
refinancing and make other changes in the asset or capital structure of, 
and dispose of, reinvest the proceeds from the sale of, or otherwise deal 
with asset acquisitions.
 
(v)        determine the composition of the Company’s businesses and other 
assets, the nature and timing of the changes therein and the manner of 
implementing such changes;
 
(vi)       service and monitor the Company’s assets, whether such assets 
are held directly or indirectly;
 
(vii)      arrange financings and borrowing facilities for the Company;
 
(viii)     upon request, provide the Board with periodic reports regarding 
prospective business opportunities;
 
(ix)       from time to time, or at any time reasonably requested by the 
Board, make reports to the Board regarding (a) the Manager’s performance of 
services to the Company under the terms of this Agreement, and (b) the 
Sub-Manager’s (defined below) performance of services under the 
Sub-Management Agreement (defined below);
 

2

 
(x)         provide foreign currency management (including foreign currency 
hedging).
 
(xi)        support the Company’s capital raising efforts, including 
without limitation, to be reasonably available to support any placement 
agent’s or dealer manager’s marketing, syndicate building and placement 
process, it being understood that such placement agent or dealer manager 
will lead all day-to-day capital raising efforts;
 
(xii)       lead day-to-day equity sales and marketing efforts of the 
Company in collaboration with the placement agent or dealer manager, as 
applicable;
 
(xiii)      participate in the fair valuation process for portfolio 
investments pursuant to valuation policies and procedures approved by the 
Board or a committee thereof, including making supportable recommendations 
of fair values to the Company for all investments for which publicly 
observable prices are not available;
 
(xiv)      participate in the review of draft public financial statements 
and registration statements to ensure that the information presented 
regarding the Manager or Sub-Manager, its affiliates and the Company’s 
underlying businesses is accurate and not misleading and to complete 
agreed-upon disclosure certifications; and
 
(xv)       participate in presentations to (a) managing dealer or placement 
agent wholesaling personnel; (b) broker-dealer and registered investment 
adviser and other distribution intermediaries road shows; (c) educational 
forums; (d) due diligence review programs conducted by third-party 
evaluators and due diligence officers of broker-dealers; and (e) other 
marketing events and forums to facilitate the Company’s fund raising 
efforts.
 
(c)          Power and Authority. To facilitate the Manager’s performance 
of these undertakings, but subject to the restrictions contained herein, 
the Company and its subsidiaries hereby delegate to the Manager, and the 
Manager hereby accepts, the power and authority on behalf of the Company 
and its subsidiaries to effectuate its decisions relating to the Company’s 
assets, including the execution and delivery of all documents relating to 
the Company’s assets. In the event that the Company determines to acquire 
debt financing, the Manager shall arrange for such financing on the 
Company’s behalf, subject to the oversight and approval of the Board. The 
Board may, at any time upon the giving of notice to the Manager, modify or 
revoke the authority set forth in this Section 1(c).
 
(d)          Acceptance of Appointment. The Manager hereby accepts such 
appointment and agrees during the term hereof to render the services 
described herein for the compensation provided herein, subject to the 
limitations contained herein.
 

3

 
(e)          Sub-Manager. The Manager is hereby authorized to enter into a 
sub-management agreement (the “Sub-Management Agreement”) with Levine 
Leichtman Capital Partners, Inc. or one of its affiliates with expertise in 
the types of assets the Company intends to acquire (the “Sub-Manager”) 
pursuant to which the Manager may delegate and obtain the services of the 
Sub-Manager to assist the Manager in fulfilling its responsibilities 
hereunder. Specifically, the Manager may retain the Sub-Manager to 
recommend specific assets based upon the Company’s business objectives, 
policies and restrictions, and work, along with the Manager, in sourcing, 
structuring, negotiating, arranging or effecting the acquisition and 
disposition of such assets and monitoring assets on behalf of the Company, 
subject to the oversight of the Manager and the Company.
 
(i)         The Manager shall monitor the Sub-Manager to ensure that 
material information discussed by management of any such Sub-Manager is 
communicated to the Board, as appropriate.
 
(ii)        The Company shall be responsible for any compensation payable 
and reimbursement of Reimbursable Expenses (as defined in the 
Sub-Management Agreement) to the Sub-Manager under the Sub-Management 
Agreement.
 
(iii)       The Sub-Manager shall be subject to the same fiduciary duties 
imposed on the Manager pursuant to this Agreement.
 
(f)          Independent Contractor Status. The Manager shall, for all 
purposes herein provided, be deemed to be an independent contractor and, 
except as expressly provided or authorized herein, shall have no authority 
to act for or represent the Company in any way or otherwise be deemed an 
agent of the Company.
 
(g)          Record Retention. The Manager shall maintain and keep all 
books, accounts and other records of the Manager that relate to activities 
performed by the Manager hereunder as required under applicable law and the 
Advisers Act. Subject to review by and the overall control of the Board, 
the Manager shall at all times have access to and maintain all books and 
records with respect to the Company’s transactions and shall render to the 
Board such periodic and special reports as the Board may reasonably request 
or as may be required under applicable federal and state law, and shall 
make such records available for inspection by the Board and its authorized 
agents, at any time and from time to time during normal business hours. The 
Manager agrees that all records that it maintains for the Company are the 
property of the Company and shall surrender promptly to the Company any 
such records upon the Company’s request and upon termination of this 
Agreement pursuant to Section 9; provided that the Manager may retain a 
copy of such records.
 
(h)          Bank Accounts. The Manager may establish and maintain one or 
more bank accounts in its own name for the account of the Company or in the 
name of the Company and may collect and deposit into any such account or 
accounts, any money on behalf of the Company, under such terms and 
conditions as the Board may approve, provided that no funds shall be 
comingled with the funds of the Manager; and the Manager shall from time to 
time render appropriate accountings of such collections and payment to the 
Board and to the auditors of the Company.
 
The following provisions in this Section 1 shall apply for only so long as 
the Shares (as defined herein) of the Company are not listed on a national 
securities exchange.
 

4

 
(i)          State Administrator. The Manager shall, upon request by an 
official or agency administering the securities laws of a state, province, 
or commonwealth (a “State Administrator”), submit to such State 
Administrator the reports and statements required to be distributed to 
members of the Company pursuant to this Agreement, the Offering Memorandum, 
the Registration Statement and applicable federal and state law.
 
(j)          Fiduciary Duty. It is acknowledged that the Manager shall have 
a fiduciary responsibility for the safekeeping and use of all funds and 
assets of the Company, whether or not in the Manager’s immediate possession 
or control. The Manager shall not employ, or permit another to employ, such 
funds or assets in any manner except for the exclusive benefit of the 
Company. The Manager shall not, by entry into an agreement with any member 
of the Company or otherwise, contract away the fiduciary obligation owed to 
the Company and the members of the Company under common law.
 
2.           Company’s Responsibilities and Expenses Payable by the Company
.
 
(a)          Costs. Subject to the limitations on reimbursement of the 
Manager as set forth in Sections 2(b) and 2(c) below and any reduction or 
deferral of such amounts required to be reimbursed pursuant to any Expense 
Support and Conditional Reimbursement Agreement currently effective among 
the parties hereto (the “Expense Support Agreement”) and in addition to the 
compensation paid to the Manager and the Sub-Manager pursuant to Section 
1(e)(ii) and Section 3, the Company, either directly or through 
reimbursement to the Manager and the Sub-Manager pursuant to the 
Sub-Management Agreement, shall bear all fees, costs, expenses, liabilities 
and obligations relating to the Company’s activities, acquisitions, 
dispositions, financings and business of its operations and transactions, 
including (without limitation) fees and expenses relating to:
 
(i)         expenses deemed to be “organization and offering expenses” of 
the Company for purposes of Conduct Rule 2310(a)(12) of the Financial 
Industry Regulatory Authority (for purposes of this Agreement, such 
expenses, exclusive of commissions, any placement agent fee, any dealer 
manager fee, the distribution fee and any discounts, are hereinafter 
referred to as “Organization and Offering Expenses”) including, without 
limitation, fees and expenses associated with marketing efforts;
 
(ii)        effecting sales of the Company’s limited liability company 
interests (“Shares”) and other securities;
 
(iii)       the Base Management Fee and the Total Return Incentive Fee 
(each as defined in Section 3(a) hereof);
 
(iv)       fees payable to third parties relating to or associated with due 
diligence, investment banking fees, professional fees, legal fees, 
organizing, acquiring, consummating, financing, refinancing, restructuring, 
hedging, taking public or private the Company’s assets or the Company’s 
itself, including the fees and expenses associated with performing due 
diligence reviews of prospective acquisitions, including, subject to the 
Company’s investment policy, those opportunities not consummated (including 
legal, accounting, auditing, insurance, travel, meals and entertainment, 
consulting, brokerage, finders’, financing, appraisal, filing, printing, 
real estate title, survey, reverse breakup, termination and other fees and 
expenses);
 

5

 
(v)        valuing assets, including expenses and fees payable to third 
parties with respect to the valuation of the Company’s investments;
 
(vi)       fees, costs, expenses, liabilities and obligations attributable 
to selling, disposing of or liquidating businesses or investments, 
including expenses and fees payable to third parties in connection with 
identifying and evaluating purchasers, and negotiating and finalizing terms 
of a sale, disposition or liquidation;
 
(vii)      business expenses, including expenses and fees associated with 
the holding of or operating a business or owning its assets;
 
(viii)     transfer agent fees;
 
(ix)       fees, costs and expenses associated with the management, 
advising, operating, holding of the Company’s assets, including legal, 
accounting (to the extent not handled under the Administrative Services 
Agreement), custodian, depositary, auditing, insurance (including directors 
and officers liability insurance), travel, meals and entertainment, 
litigation and indemnification costs and expenses, judgments and 
settlements, consulting, brokerage, finders’, financing, appraisal, 
Bloomberg listing, pricing, data, marketing and similar services, 
investment banking fees, filing, printing, title, transfer, registration 
and other fees and expenses (including fees, costs, and expenses associated 
with the preparation or distribution of the Company’s financial statements, 
tax returns, tax estimates, and Schedule K-1s or any other administrative, 
regulatory or other Company related reporting or filing), the Company’s 
compliance and reporting obligations, and oversight;
 
(x)        federal and state registration fees;
 
(xi)       federal, state and local taxes;
 
(xii)      independent directors’ fees and expenses; costs of proxy 
statements, shareholders’ reports and notices;
 
(xiii)     fidelity bond, directors and officers/errors and omissions 
liability insurance and other insurance premiums;
 
(xiv)     direct costs such as printing, mailing and long distance 
telephone and staff; fees and expenses associated with independent audits 
and outside legal costs;
 
(xv)      costs associated with the Company’s reporting and compliance 
obligations under applicable federal and state securities law;
 
(xvi)     brokerage commissions for the Company’s assets; and
 
(xvii)    all other expenses incurred by the Manager and the Sub-Manager in 
performing its obligations subject to the limitations included in this 
Agreement.
 

6

 
(b)          Limitations on Reimbursement of Expenses. Excluded from the 
allowable reimbursement hereunder shall be:
 
(i)         Overhead, rent or depreciation, utilities, capital equipment, 
and other administrative items of the Manager; and
 
(ii)        salaries, fringe benefits and other administrative items 
incurred or allocated to any executive officer or board member of the 
Manager or the Sub-Manager (or any individual performing such services), 
any executive officer or board member of the Company who is also an 
executive officer, board member of employee of the Manager or the 
Sub-Manager, or a holder of 10% or greater equity interest in the Manager 
or the Sub-Manager (or any person having the power to direct or cause the 
direction of the Manager or the Sub-Manager, whether by ownership of voting 
securities, by contract or otherwise).
 
(c)          Periodic Reimbursement.
 
(i)         Third-party out-of-pocket expenses incurred by the Manager on 
behalf of the Company and payable pursuant to this Section 2 shall be 
reimbursed no less than monthly to the Manager. The Manager shall prepare a 
statement (the “Reimbursement Statement”) documenting such expenses of the 
Company and the calculation of the reimbursement and shall deliver such 
statement to the Company prior to full reimbursement. Such reimbursement 
shall be made in cash within 30 calendar days following the Manager’s 
delivery to the Company of the Reimbursement Statement therefor. The 
Manager may elect, in its sole discretion, to defer or waive all or a 
portion of such reimbursement. Any portion of such deferred reimbursement 
not taken as to any period shall be deferred without interest and may be 
taken by the Manager in any other period prior to the occurrence of a 
Liquidity Event (as such term is defined in the LLC Agreement) as the 
Manager may determine in its sole discretion.
 
(ii)        The Manager acknowledges and agrees that it will be responsible 
for the payment of the Company’s Organization and Offering Expenses to the 
extent they exceed (A) 1.0% of the cumulative gross proceeds from the 
offering to which the Offering Memorandum relates and (B) 1.5% of the 
cumulative gross proceeds from the offering to which the Registration 
Statement relates (the “Public Offering”), in each case, without recourse 
against or reimbursement by the Company. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the 
Company shall reimburse the Manager for Organization and Offering Expenses 
it may incur on the Company’s behalf but only to the extent that (1) the 
total amount of all Organization and Offering Expenses is reasonable and 
(2) solely in connection with the Public Offering the reimbursement would 
not cause the selling commissions, any dealer manager fees, the 
distribution fees and the Organization and Offering Expenses borne by the 
Company to exceed 15.0% of gross proceeds from the Public Offering pursuant 
to the Registration Statement as of the date of the reimbursement. For the 
avoidance of doubt, the Manager’s obligation to pay the Company’s 
Organization and Offering Expenses pursuant to this section shall be 
calculated on a cumulative basis at the time such Organization and Offering 
Expenses are due and payable under this Agreement, as compared to the 
cumulative gross proceeds from the Public Offering at such time. 
 

7

 
3.           Compensation of the Manager and the Sub-Manager. During the 
Initial Term and any Renewal Term (each as defined in Section 9(a) hereof), 
the Company shall pay or cause to be paid to the Manager, and the 
Sub-Manager pursuant to Section 1(e)(ii), a base management fee (“Base 
Management Fee”) and total return incentive fee (“Total Return Incentive 
Fee”) as hereinafter set forth subject to any reduction or deferral of any 
Base Management Fee amounts or Total Return Incentive Fee amounts pursuant 
to the terms of the Expense Support Agreement.
 
(a)          Base Management Fee. The Base Management Fee shall be 
calculated for each share class at an annual rate of (i) for the Company’s 
Class A shares, Class I Shares, Class D, and Class T Shares (collectively, 
the “Non-Founder Shares”), 2% of the product of (x) the Company’s Average 
Gross Assets and (y) the ratio of non-founder share average Adjusted 
Capital for a particular class to total average Adjusted Capital (as 
defined below) and (ii) for the Company’s Class FA Shares, 1% of the 
product of (x) the Company’s Average Gross Assets and (y) the ratio of 
outstanding Class FA Share average Adjusted Capital to total average 
Adjusted Capital, in each case excluding cash, and will be payable monthly 
in arrears. The Base Management Fee for a certain month shall be calculated 
based on the average value of the Company’s gross assets at the end of that 
month and the immediately preceding calendar month and shall be due and 
payable no later than thirty (30) calendar days following the end of the 
applicable month. Average Adjusted Capital for an applicable class is 
computed on the daily Adjusted Capital for such class for the actual number 
of days in such applicable month.
 
For purposes of this Agreement, “Average Gross Assets” means the arithmetic 
average of the Company’s Gross Asset Value as of the last day of (1) a 
calendar month and (2) the immediately preceding calendar month. For 
purposes of this Agreement, “Gross Asset Value” means, with respect to any 
date, the sum of the values of all of the Company’s assets (excluding cash) 
as used in determining net asset value pursuant to the Company’s valuation 
policy as of such date.
 
For purposes of this Agreement, “Adjusted Capital” is defined as cumulative 
proceeds generated from sales of shares of a particular share class 
(inclusive of proceeds from the sale of shares pursuant to the distribution 
reinvestment plan), net of sales load (upfront sales commissions and 
upfront dealer manager fees), if any, reduced for the full amounts paid for 
share repurchases pursuant to the Company’s share repurchase program, if 
any, for such class.
 
(b)          Total Return Incentive Fee. The Total Return Incentive Fee 
shall be based on the Total Return to Shareholders (as defined below) for 
each share class of the Company in any calendar year, payable annually in 
arrears. The Total Return Incentive Fee will be calculated and will accrue 
on a quarterly basis, to the extent that it is earned. The Company will 
perform a final reconciliation of the Total Return Incentive Fee 
calculation at the completion of each calendar year and the Total Return 
Incentive Fee shall be due and payable to Manager no later than ninety (90) 
calendar days following the end of the applicable calendar year. The 
Company shall pay the Manager a Total Return Incentive Fee for each share 
class calculated as follows:
 
(i)         Annual Preferred Return. No Total Return Incentive Fee for any 
calendar year in which the Total Return to Shareholders of a particular 
share class of the Company for such calendar year does not exceed 7%, which 
is referred to as the “Annual Preferred Return.”
 

8

 
(ii)          Non-Founder Shares.
 
(A)          100% of the Total Return to Shareholders payable with respect 
to each particular share class of Non-Founder Shares, calculated at each 
share-class level based on the Total Return to Shareholders on Non-Founder 
Shares, if any, that exceeds the Annual Preferred Return, but is less than 
or equal to 8.75%, or the “Non-Founder Breakpoint,” in any calendar year. 
This portion of the Total Return Incentive Fee is referred to as the 
“Non-Founder Catch Up.”
 
(B)          20% of the Total Return to Shareholders with respect to each 
particular share class of Non-Founder Shares, calculated at each 
share-class level based on the Total Return to Shareholders on Non-Founder 
Shares, if any, that exceeds the Non-Founder Breakpoint.
 
(iii)         Class FA Shares.
 
(A)          100% of the Total Return to Shareholders payable with respect 
to the Company’s Class FA Shares, calculated based on the Total Return 
Shareholders on Class FA Shares, if any, that exceeds the Annual Preferred 
Return, but is less than or equal to 7.777%, or the “Founder Breakpoint,” 
in any calendar year. This portion of the Total Return Incentive Fee is 
referred to as the “Founder Catch Up”.
 
(B)         10% of the Total Return to Shareholders with respect to Class 
FA Shares, calculated based on the Total Return to Shareholders on Class FA 
Shares, if any, that exceeds the Founder Breakpoint.
 
For purposes of this Agreement, the “Total Return to Shareholders” for any 
calendar quarter is calculated for each share class as the change in the 
net asset value for such class plus total distributions for such class 
calculated based on the average Adjusted Capital for such class as of each 
calendar quarter end. The average Adjusted Capital is computed on the daily 
adjusted capital for a particular share class for the actual number of days 
in the calendar year, measured as of each calendar quarter end for purposes 
of the Total Return Incentive Fee calculation and as of each month end for 
the Base Management Fee calculation. The Annual Preferred Return, the 
Non-Founder Breakpoint and the Founder Breakpoint are also adjusted for the 
actual number of days in each calendar year, measured as of each calendar 
quarter end.
 
For purposes of calculating the Total Return to Shareholders, the change in 
net asset value is subject to an annual High Water Mark. For purposes of 
this Agreement, the Company’s “High Water Mark” is equal to the highest 
year-end per-share net asset value, for each share class of the Company 
since inception, as adjusted for any special distributions resulting from 
the sale of Company assets, provided such adjustment is approved by the 
Company’s board of directors. If, as of any calendar year end, the 
Company’s net asset value is (A) above the High Water Mark, then for such 
calendar year, then the Total Return Calculation will include the increase 
in net asset value in excess of the High Water Mark, and (B) if the 
Company’s net asset value is below the High Water Mark for such calendar 
year, then, for all calendar quarters during such calendar year, (i) any 
increase in per share net asset value will be disregarded in the 
calculation of Total Return to Shareholders while (ii) any decrease in per 
share net asset value will be included the calculation of Total Return to 
Shareholders. For the year ending December 31, 2018, the High Water Mark 
will be $24.75.
 

9

 
(c)          Waiver or Deferral of Fees. The Manager shall have the right 
to elect to waive or defer all or a portion of the Base Management Fee 
and/or Total Return Incentive Fee that would otherwise be paid to it (in 
addition to any portion of such Base Management Fee and/or Total Return 
Incentive Fee reduced or deferred pursuant to the terms of the Expense 
Support Agreement) only upon written consent of the Sub-Manager. Prior to 
the payment of any fee to the Manager, the Company shall obtain written 
instructions from the Manager (with the written consent of the Sub-Manager) 
with respect to any waiver or deferral of any portion of such fees. Any 
portion of a deferred fee payable to the Manager and not paid over to the 
Manager with respect to any calendar month, quarter or year shall be 
deferred without interest and may be paid over in any such other month 
prior to the occurrence of a liquidity event, as the Manager may determine 
(with the written consent of the Sub-Manager) upon written notice to the 
Company.
 
(d)          Detailed Calculation Policy and Examples. The fees payable to 
the Manager as set forth in this Agreement shall be calculated using 
detailed calculation procedures mutually agreed upon by the Manager and the 
Sub-Manager, and shall be consistent with the calculation of such fees as 
set forth in this Section 3 and as set forth in the Examples included on 
Exhibit A hereto. For the avoidance of doubt, the Manager and the 
Sub-Manager have entered into the Sub-Management Agreement of even date 
herewith (with the approval of the Company) that provides, among other 
things, that the Sub-Manager will receive from the Company 50% of all fees 
payable to the Manager under this Section 3.
 
(e)          Other Fees. The Manager and its affiliates and the Sub-Manager 
may receive other compensation in connection with the performances of their 
services hereunder from parties other than the Company. Such compensation 
may include transaction fees from the companies the Company invests in as 
further described in the Offering Memorandum, the Registration Statement 
and the Sub-Management Agreement.
 
4.           Covenants of the Manager.
 
(a)          Reports to State Administrators. The Manager shall, upon 
written request of any State Administrator, submit any of the reports and 
statements to be prepared and distributed by it pursuant to this Section 4 
to such State Administrator.
 
(b)          Reserves. In performing its duties hereunder, the Manager 
shall cause the Company to provide for adequate reserves for normal 
replacements and contingencies (but not for payment of fees payable to the 
Manager hereunder) by causing the Company to retain a reasonable percentage 
of proceeds from offerings and revenues.
 
(c)          Recommendations Regarding Reviews. From time to time and not 
less than quarterly, the Manager must review the Company’s accounts to 
determine whether cash distributions are appropriate.
 
(d)          Temporary Investments. The Manager shall, in its sole 
discretion, temporarily place proceeds from offerings by the Company into 
short term, highly liquid assets which may include obligations of, or 
obligations guaranteed by, the U.S. government or bank money-market 
accounts or certificates of deposit of national or state banks that have 
deposits insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (including 
certificates of deposit of any bank acting as a depository or custodian for 
any such funds) that can be readily sold, with appropriate safety of 
principal.
 

10

 
5.            Limitations on Front End Fees.
 
The following provisions in this Section 5 shall apply (i) beginning on the 
effectiveness of a registration statement in connection with a Qualified 
Public Offering (as such term is defined in the Offering Memorandum) and 
(ii) for only so long as the shares of the Company are not listed on a 
national securities exchange.
 
(a)          Limitations on Front End Fees. Notwithstanding anything herein 
to the contrary:
 
(i)         All fees and expenses paid by any party for any services 
rendered to organize the Company and to acquire assets for the Company (“
Front End Fees,” as such term is defined in the LLC Agreement) shall be 
reasonable and shall not exceed 18% of the gross offering proceeds, 
regardless of the source of payment. Any reimbursement to the Manager or 
any other person for deferred organizational and offering expenses, 
including any interest thereon, if any, will be included within this 18% 
limitation.
 
(ii)        The Manager shall commit at least eighty-two percent (82%) of 
the gross offering proceeds towards the investment or reinvestment of 
assets and reserves as set forth in Section 4(b) above on behalf of the 
Company. The remaining proceeds may be used to pay Front End Fees.
 
6.           Other Activities of the Manager. The services of the Manager 
to the Company are not exclusive, and, subject to any agreements with a 
Sub-Manager, including the Exclusivity Agreement by and between the 
respective parent companies of the Manager and Sub-Manager, dated as of 
February 7, 2018 (the “Exclusivity Agreement”), and the Code of Business 
Conduct and Ethics of the Company, including the conflicts of interest 
policy included therein, the Manager may engage in any other business or 
render the same, similar or different services to others including, without 
limitation, businesses that may directly or indirectly compete with us, so 
long as its services to the Company hereunder are not impaired thereby, 
and, subject to any agreement with a Sub-Manager, including the Exclusivity 
Agreement, and the Code of Business Conduct and Ethics of the Company, 
including the conflicts of interest policy included therein, nothing in 
this Agreement shall limit or restrict the right of any manager, partner, 
member (including its members and the owners of its members), officer or 
employee of the Manager to engage in any other business or to devote his or 
her time and attention in part to any other business, whether of a similar 
or dissimilar nature, or to receive any fees or compensation in connection 
therewith (including fees for serving as a director of, or providing 
consulting services to, one or more of the middle market companies the 
Company may own or control, subject to applicable law); provided, however, 
that the Manager shall notify the Company prior to being engaged to serve 
as a manager to a fund or another company that has a similar business 
strategy to the Company’s business strategy. The Manager assumes no 
responsibility under this Agreement other than to render the services 
called for hereunder. It is understood that directors, officers, employees 
and members of the Company are or may become interested in the Manager and 
its affiliates, as directors, officers, employees, partners, members, 
managers or otherwise, and that the Manager and its directors, officers, 
employees, partners, stockholders, members and managers, and the Manager’s 
affiliates are or may become similarly interested in the Company and/or its 
subsidiaries as members or otherwise.
 

11

 
7.            Responsibility of Dual Directors, Officers and/or Employees. 
If any person who is a manager, partner, member, officer or employee of the 
Manager is or becomes a director, officer and/or employee of the Company 
and/or its subsidiaries and acts as such in any business of the Company 
and/or its subsidiaries, then such manager, partner, member, officer and/or 
employee of the Manager shall be deemed to be acting in such capacity 
solely for the Company and/or its subsidiaries, and not as a manager, 
partner, member, officer or employee of the Manager or under the control or 
direction of the Manager, even if paid by the Manager.
 
8.            Indemnification.
 
(a)          Indemnification. The Manager and the Sub-Manager (and their 
respective officers, managers, partners, members, agents, employees, 
controlling persons, shareholders and any other person or entity affiliated 
with the Manager or Sub-Manager) shall not be liable to the Company or any 
of its subsidiaries, to the Board, or the Company’s or any subsidiary’s 
members, stockholders or partners for any action taken or omitted to be 
taken by the Manager or Sub-Manager in connection with the performance of 
any of its duties or obligations under this Agreement or otherwise as a 
manager or sub-manager of the Company, concerning loss resulting from a 
breach of fiduciary duty (as the same is finally determined by judicial 
proceedings) with respect to the receipt of compensation for services, and 
the Company and its subsidiaries shall indemnify, defend and protect the 
Manager and Sub-Manager (and their respective officers, managers, partners, 
members, agents, employees, controlling persons and any other person or 
entity affiliated with the Manager or Sub-Manager, each of whom shall be 
deemed a third party beneficiary hereof) (collectively, the “Indemnified 
Parties”) and hold them harmless from and against all damages, liabilities, 
costs and expenses (including reasonable attorneys’ fees and amounts 
reasonably paid in settlement) incurred by the Indemnified Parties in or by 
reason of any pending, threatened or completed action, suit, investigation 
or other proceeding (including an action or suit by or in the right of the 
Company or its security holders, as specifically provided herein) arising 
out of or otherwise based upon the performance of any of the Manager’s or 
Sub-Manager’s duties or obligations under this Agreement or otherwise as a 
manager of the Company. Notwithstanding the preceding sentence of this 
paragraph to the contrary, nothing contained herein shall protect or be 
deemed to protect the Indemnified Parties against or entitle or be deemed 
to entitle the Indemnified Parties to indemnification in respect of, any 
liability to the Company or any of its subsidiaries, to the Board, or the 
Company’s or any subsidiary’s members, shareholders or partners to which 
the Indemnified Parties would otherwise be subject by reason of negligence 
or misconduct in the performance of the Manager’s or Sub-Manager’s duties 
and obligations, as applicable, under this Agreement.
 
(b)          The Manager shall indemnify the Company (and its officers, 
managers, partners, members, agents employees, controlling persons and any 
other person or entity affiliated with the Company) for any losses that the 
Company (and its officers, managers, partners, members, agents, employees, 
controlling persons and any other person or entity affiliated with the 
Company) may sustain primarily as a result of the Manager’s willful 
misfeasance, bad faith, gross negligence or reckless disregard of its 
duties hereunder or violation of applicable law, including without 
limitation, the federal and state securities laws.
 

12

 
(c)          Limitations on Indemnification. Notwithstanding Section 8(a) 
or Section 8(b) to the contrary, the Company and its subsidiaries shall not 
provide for indemnification of the Indemnified Parties for any liability or 
loss suffered by the Indemnified Parties, nor shall the Company or its 
subsidiaries provide that any of the Indemnified Parties be held harmless 
for any loss or liability suffered by the Company and its subsidiaries, 
unless all of the following conditions are met:
 
(i)         the Indemnified Party has determined, in good faith, that the 
course of conduct which caused the loss or liability was in the best 
interests of the Company and its subsidiaries;
 
(ii)        the Indemnified Party was acting on behalf of or performing 
services for the Company and its subsidiaries;
 
(iii)       such liability or loss was not the result of negligence or 
misconduct by the Indemnified Party; and
 
(iv)       such indemnification or agreement to hold harmless is 
recoverable only out of the Company’s net assets and not from members of 
the Company.
 
Furthermore, notwithstanding anything to the contrary, the Indemnified 
Party shall not be indemnified for any losses, liabilities or expenses 
arising from or out of an alleged violation of federal or state securities 
laws unless one or more of the following conditions are met:
 
(v)        there has been a successful adjudication on the merits of each 
count involving alleged securities law violations as to the particular 
indemnitee;
 
(vi)       such claims have been dismissed with prejudice on the merits by 
a court of competent jurisdiction as to the particular indemnitee; or
 
(vii)      a court of competent jurisdiction approves a settlement of the 
claims against a particular indemnitee and finds that indemnification of 
the settlement and related costs should be made, and the court of law 
considering the request for indemnification has been advised of the 
position of the SEC and the published position of any state securities 
regulatory authority in which securities of the Company were offered or 
sold as to indemnification for violations of securities laws.
 
(d)          Advancement of Funds. The Company shall be permitted to 
advance funds to the Indemnified Party for legal expenses and other costs 
incurred as a result of any legal action for which indemnification is being 
sought only if all of the following conditions are met:
 
(i)         The legal action relates to acts or omissions with respect to 
the performance of duties or services on behalf of the Company;
 

13

 
(ii)        The Indemnified Party undertakes to repay the advanced funds to 
the Company, together with the applicable legal rate of interest thereon, 
in cases in which the Indemnified Party is not found to be entitled to 
indemnification; and
 
(iii)       The legal action was initiated by a third party who is not the 
holder of an ownership interest in the Company, or if the legal action was 
not initiated by such a holder, a court of competent jurisdiction approves 
such advancement.
 
9.            Effectiveness, Duration and Termination of Agreement.
 
(a)          Term and Effectiveness. This Agreement shall become effective 
as of the earlier of (i) the date that the Company has its initial closing, 
as such term is defined in the Offering Memorandum, or (ii) the date that 
the Company meets the minimum offering requirement as such term is defined 
in the Registration Statement, and shall remain in effect for one year (the 
“Initial Term”), and thereafter shall continue automatically for successive 
annual periods (a “Renewal Term”); provided that such continuance is 
specifically approved at least annually by the vote of a majority of the 
Company’s independent directors.
 
(b)          Termination. This Agreement may be terminated at any time, 
without the payment of any penalty (i) immediately by the Company for Cause 
(as defined below) or (ii) by either party upon 120 days written notice; 
provided that termination by the Company will require a vote of the Board.
 
With respect to the termination of this Agreement, “Cause” is defined as 
(a) fraud, Criminal Conduct, willful misconduct or willful breach of 
fiduciary duty by the Manager as determined by a court of competent 
jurisdiction to the extent that the Board has determined that such conduct 
has materially and adversely effected the Company, (b) a material breach of 
this Agreement of any nature whatsoever by the Manager, which breach is not 
cured within ninety (90) days of notice given to the Manager specifying the 
nature of the alleged breach, or (c) the Manager assigns this Agreement or 
a Manager Change of Control Event occurs and such assignment or Manager 
Change of Control Event, as applicable, does not constitute a Permitted 
Manager Assignment.
 
With respect to the termination of this Agreement, “Criminal Conduct” 
includes a misappropriation of funds committed by the Manager or an 
Affiliate thereof with respect to the Company or if a member of the senior 
management team of the Manager whose services are material to the Company 
has been convicted or entered a plea of guilt or nolo contendere of any 
felony or a violation of any Federal or State securities laws.
 
For purposes of this Agreement “Permitted Manager Assignment” means the 
assignment of this Agreement by the Manager or the occurrence of a Manager 
Change of Control Event, in each case after obtaining the consent of the 
Company, which consent shall be approved by a majority of the Company’s 
independent directors.
 

14

 
For purposes of this Agreement, “Manager Change of Control Event” means (i) 
a sale, merger, equity issuance or similar transaction, whether directly or 
indirectly, involving the Manager or its equity holders in which the 
indirect and direct equity holders of the Manager immediately prior to such 
transaction would own, in the aggregate, less than 50% of the total 
combined voting power of all classes of capital stock of the surviving 
entity normally entitled to vote for the election of directors or managers 
of the surviving entity, or (ii) the sale by the Manager of all or 
substantially all of the Manager’s assets in one transaction or in a series 
of related transactions, or (iii) any transaction or combination of 
transactions as a result of which the person(s) in control of the Manager, 
whether directly or indirectly, as of the date of this Agreement cease to 
be in control of the Manager; provided, however, a Manager Change of 
Control Event shall not be deemed to have occurred, (a) if such transaction 
involves a sale, transfer or similar transaction from any direct or 
indirect equity holder(s) of the Manager as of the date of this Agreement 
to another direct or indirect equity holder(s) of the Manager as of the 
date of this Agreement, or (b) as a result of a change in the executive 
officers of the Manager. 
 
(c)          Assignment. This Agreement shall not be assigned by the 
Manager other than pursuant to a Permitted Manager Assignment. This 
Agreement shall not be assigned by the Company without the prior written 
consent of the Manager, except in the case of assignment by the Company to 
an organization which is a successor (by merger, consolidation, purchase of 
assets, or similar transaction) to the Company, in which case such 
successor organization shall be bound under this Agreement and by the terms 
of such assignment in the same manner as the Company is bound under this 
Agreement.
 
(d)          Payments to and Duties of Manager upon Termination.
 
(i)           After the termination of this Agreement, the Manager shall 
not be entitled to compensation for further services provided hereunder 
except that it shall be entitled to receive from the Company within 90 days 
after the effective date of such termination all unpaid reimbursements and 
all earned but unpaid fees payable to the Manager prior to termination of 
this Agreement.
 
(ii)          The Manager shall promptly upon termination:
 
(A)          Deliver to the Board a full accounting, including a statement 
showing all payments collected by it and a statement of all money held by 
it, covering the period following the date of the last accounting furnished 
to the Board;
 
(B)          Deliver to the Board all assets and documents of the Company 
then in custody of the Manager; and
 
(C)          Cooperate with the Company’s reasonable request to provide an 
orderly management transition, including payment of the cost of such 
termination as required by Section 13.4 of the Company’s Limited Liability 
Company Operating Agreement, as amended.
 
(e)          Survival. The provisions of Section 9 of this Agreement shall 
remain in full force and effect, and the Manager shall remain entitled to 
the benefits thereof, notwithstanding any termination of this Agreement.
 

15

 
10.          Notices.
 
(a)          All notices, requests, claims, demands and other 
communications hereunder which relate to this Agreement shall be in writing 
and shall deemed to be delivered, (i) upon delivery in person, (ii) one day 
after deposit with Federal Express or similar overnight courier service, 
(iii) three (3) days after being mailed by registered or certified mail 
(postage prepaid, return receipt requested), or (iv) one day after sending 
an e-mail provided such e-mail is followed by deposit with Federal Express 
or similar overnight courier no later than the following day. 
 
(b)          Unless otherwise notified in writing, all notices, request, 
claims, demands and other communications shall be given to the respective 
parties at the following addresses or at such other address for a party as 
shall be specified in a notice given in accordance with this Section 10:
 
To the Board and to the Company: 	CNL Strategic Capital, LLC
  	CNL Center at City Commons
  	450 South Orange Avenue
  	Orlando, Florida 32801
  	Attn:  General Counsel
  	Email:   dwolmer@llcp.com; holly.greer@cnl.com
  	 
To the Manager: 	CNL Strategic Capital Management, LLC
  	CNL Center at City Commons
  	450 South Orange Avenue
  	Orlando, Florida 32801
  	Attn: Chief Financial Officer and General Counsel
  	Email:   tammy.tipton@cnl.com; holly.greer@cnl.com
 
11.          Amendments. This Agreement shall not be amended, changed, 
modified or discharged, in whole or in part, except by an instrument in 
writing signed by the parties hereto, or their respective successors or 
permitted assignees. The Company acknowledges that the Company and the 
Manager have agreed pursuant to the terms of the Sub-Management Agreement 
to not (a) amend, modify or waive, in whole or in part, this Agreement 
without the prior written consent of the Sub-Manager, or (b) waive or defer 
any Base Management Fee or Incentive Fee due and payable to the Manager 
under the terms of this Agreement without the prior written consent of the 
Sub-Manager.
 
12.          Severability. If any provision of this Agreement shall be 
declared illegal, invalid, or unenforceable in any jurisdiction, then such 
provision shall be deemed to be severable from this Agreement (to the 
extent permitted by law) and in any event such illegality, invalidity or 
unenforceability shall not affect the remainder hereof.
 
13.          Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in counterparts, 
each of which shall be deemed to be an original copy and all of which 
together shall constitute one and the same instrument binding on all 
parties hereto, notwithstanding that all parties shall not have signed the 
same counterpart.
 

16

 
14.          Entire Agreement; Governing Law. This Agreement contains the 
entire agreement of the parties and supersedes all prior agreements, 
understandings and arrangements with respect to the subject matter hereof. 
Notwithstanding the place where this Agreement may be executed by any of 
the parties hereto, this Agreement shall be construed in accordance with 
the laws of the State of Delaware, and any action brought to enforce the 
agreements made hereunder or any action which arises out of the 
relationship created hereunder shall be brought exclusively in the federal 
or state courts for New York County, New York. Each party hereby 
irrevocably waives its rights to trial by jury in any action or proceeding 
arising out of this Agreement or the transactions relating to its subject 
matter.
 
15.          Waivers. Neither the failure nor any delay on the part of a 
party to exercise any right, remedy, power or privilege under this 
Agreement shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or 
partial exercise of any right, remedy, power or privilege preclude any 
other or further exercise of the same or of any other right, remedy, power 
or privilege, nor shall any waiver of any right, remedy, power or privilege 
with respect to any occurrence be construed as a waiver of such right, 
remedy, power or privilege with respect to any other occurrence. No waiver 
shall be effective unless it is in writing and is signed by the party 
asserted to have granted such waiver.
 
16.          Third Party Beneficiaries. Except for the Sub-Manager (with 
respect to Section 1, 2, 3, 5, 8, 11 and 18) and any Indemnified Party, 
such Sub-Manager and Indemnified Party, each being an intended beneficiary 
of this Agreement, this Agreement is for the sole benefit of the parties 
hereto and their permitted assigns and nothing herein shall give or be 
construed to give any person, other than the parties hereto and such 
assigns, any legal or equitable rights hereunder.
 
17.          Survival. The provisions of Sections 8, 9, 14, 22, 23 and this 
Section 17 shall survive the termination of this Agreement.
 
18.          Insurance. The Company shall acquire and maintain a directors 
and officers liability insurance policy or similar insurance policy, which 
shall name the Manager and the Sub-Manager each as an additional insured 
party (each an “Additional Insured Party” and collectively the “Additional 
Insured Parties”). Such insurance policy shall include reasonable coverage 
from a reputable insurer and have a minimum coverage limit of $10 million 
and shall be reviewed by the Board on an annual basis and adjusted, if 
appropriate, for the size of the Company’s portfolio. The Company shall 
make all premium payments required to maintain such policy in full force 
and effect; provided, however, each Additional Insured Party, if any, shall 
pay to the Company, in advance of the due date of such premium, its 
allocated share of the premium. Irrespective of whether the Manager or the 
Sub-Manager is named as an Additional Insured Party on such policy, the 
Company shall provide the Manager and the Sub-Manager with written notice 
upon receipt of any notice of: (a) any default under such policy; (b) any 
pending or threatened termination, cancellation or non-renewal of such 
policy or (c) any coverage limitation or reduction with respect to such 
policy.
 
19.          Gender. Words used herein regardless of the number and gender 
specifically used, shall be deemed and construed to include any other 
number, singular or plural, and any other gender, masculine, feminine or 
neuter, as the context requires.
 

17

 
20.          Titles not to Affect Interpretation. The titles of paragraphs 
and subparagraphs contained in this Agreement are for convenience only, and 
they neither form a part of this Agreement nor are they to be used in the 
construction or interpretation hereof.
 
21.          Representations, Warranties and Covenants of the Manager. The 
Manager represents, warrants and covenants to the Company as follows:
 
(a)          The Manager is a limited liability company duly organized and 
validly existing under the laws of the State of Delaware with the power to 
own and possess its assets and carry on its business as the business is now 
being conducted.
 
(b)          The execution, delivery and performance by the Manager of this 
Agreement is within the Manager’s powers and has been duly authorized by 
all necessary actions on the part of the Manager and its members and 
managers and no action by or in respect of, or filing with, any 
governmental body, agency or official is required on the part of the 
Manager for the execution, delivery or performance of this Agreement by the 
Manager. The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement by the 
Manager does not violate, contravene or constitute a default under (i) any 
provision of any applicable law, rule or regulation, (ii) the Manager’s 
limited liability company operating agreement or certificate of formation, 
or (iii) any agreement, judgment, injunction, order, decree or other 
instruments binding upon the Manager or any of the Manager’s property.
 
(c)          The Manager has met, in all material respects, and will 
continue to meet, in all material respects, for the duration of this 
Agreement, any applicable federal or state requirements, or the applicable 
requirements of any regulatory or industry self-regulatory agency, 
necessary to be met by the Manager in order for the Manager to perform the 
services contemplated by this Agreement.
 
(d)          The Manager will carry out its responsibilities under this 
Agreement in compliance in all material respects with (i) any applicable 
federal or state laws, rules or regulations, including securities laws, 
rules and regulations, (ii) the Company’s business objectives, guidelines, 
strategy, policies and limitations as may be set by the Board from time to 
time and (iii) such other policies or directives as the Board may from time 
to time establish or issue and that the Company communicates to the Manager 
in writing, provided that the Company will promptly notify the Manager in 
writing of changes to the matters identified in (ii) or (iii) above.
 
22.          Name. The Manager has proprietary interests in the name “CNL”. 
Accordingly, and in recognition of this right, if at any time the Company 
ceases to retain the Manager or an affiliate thereof to perform any of the 
services of the Manager, the Board will, promptly after receipt of written 
request from the Manager, (a) cease to conduct business under or use the 
name “CNL” or any diminutive thereof, and (b) change the name of the 
Company to a name that does not contain the name “CNL” or any other word or 
words that might, in the sole discretion of the Manager, be susceptible of 
indication of some form of relationship between the Company and the Manager 
or any affiliate thereof. Consistent with the foregoing, it is specifically 
recognized that the Manager or one or more of its affiliates has in the 
past and may in the future organize, sponsor or otherwise permit to exist 
other investment vehicles and financial and service organizations having 
“CNL” as a part of their name, all without the need for any consent (and 
without the right to object thereto) by the Company or its Board. The 
Company’s right to use the name “CNL” and any associated trademarks, trade 
names, service marks, and other intellectual property is subject to the 
terms of the Brand License Agreement among CNL Intellectual Properties, 
Inc., a Florida corporation, as licensor, and the Manager and the Company, 
as licensee, and the terms of that agreement shall supersede any 
inconsistent terms of this Agreement.
 

18

 
23.          Non-Solicitation. During the period commencing on the date 
hereof and ending one year following the termination of this Agreement, the 
Company shall not, without the Manager’s prior written consent, directly or 
indirectly, (a) solicit or encourage any person to leave the employment or 
other service of the Manager, or (b) hire, on behalf of the Company or any 
other person or entity, any person who has left the employment of the 
Manager within the one year period following the termination of that 
person’s employment with respect to the Manager. During the period 
commencing on the date hereof through and ending one year following the 
termination of this Agreement, the Company will not, whether for its own 
account or for the account of any other person, firm, corporation, or other 
business organization, intentionally interfere with the relationship of the 
Manager with, or endeavor to entice away from the Manager, any person who 
during the term of the Agreement is, or during the preceding one-year 
period, was a partner, joint venturer or client of the Manager.
 
[SIGNATURES APPEAR ON THE FOLLOWING PAGE]
     

19

     
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be 
duly executed on the date above written.
  	  	 
  	CNL STRATEGIC CAPITAL, LLC
  	 
  	By: 	/s/ Chirag J. Bhavsar
  	  	Name:  Chirag J. Bhavsar
  	  	Title:    Chief Executive Officer
  	  	 
  	CNL STRATEGIC CAPITAL MANAGEMENT, LLC
  	  	 
  	By: 	/s/ Tammy J. Tipton
  	  	Name:  Tammy J. Tipton
  	  	Title:    Chief Financial Officer
 
[Signature Page to Management Agreement]
 

 

 
EXHIBIT A – Fee Calculations
 

 

 