 EX-10.1 3 ex10-1.htm EX-10.1
THIRD AMENDMENT AND RATIFICATION OF CREDIT AGREEMENT AND OTHER LOAN
DOCUMENTS
 
THIS THIRD AMENDMENT AND RATIFICATION OF CREDIT AGREEMENT AND OTHER LOAN 
DOCUMENTS (this “Agreement”) is entered into on February 8, 2018, by 
ENVIROSTAR, INC., a Delaware corporation (the “Borrower”), STEINER-ATLANTIC 
CORP., a Florida corporation (“Steiner”), DRYCLEAN USA LICENSE CORP., a 
Florida corporation (“Dryclean USA”), WESTERN STATE DESIGN, INC., a 
Delaware corporation (“Western State”; Steiner, Dryclean USA and Western 
State, collectively, the “Original Guarantor”), MARTIN-RAY LAUNDRY SYSTEMS, 
INC., a Delaware corporation (“Martin”), Tri-State Technical Services, Inc
., a Delaware corporation (“Tri-State”) and AAdvantage Laundry Systems, 
Inc., a Delaware corporation (“AAdvantage”) (Original Guarantor, Martin, 
Tri-State, and AAdvantage, individually and/or collectively, the 
“Guarantor”), and WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION (the “Bank”).
 
RECITALS:
 
A.       Borrower requested and Bank agreed to make a term loan in the 
amount of $5,000,000.00 (the “Term Loan”) to Borrower, as evidenced by that 
certain Term Note dated as of October 7, 2016 from Borrower in favor of 
Bank in the original principal amount of $5,000,000.00 (the “Original Term 
Note”), which Original Term Note is secured by that certain Security 
Agreement: Business Assets dated as of October 7, 2016 from Borrower and 
Original Guarantor in favor of Bank (as the same may be amended or modified 
from time to time, the “Security Agreement”).
 
B.       Borrower also requested and Bank agreed to issue a line of credit 
in the amount of $15,000,000.00 (the “Line of Credit”) to Borrower, as 
evidenced by that certain Line of Credit Note dated as of October 7, 2016 
from Borrower in favor of Bank in the original principal amount of 
$15,000,000.00 (the “Original Line of Credit Note”), which Original Line of 
Credit Note is secured by the Security Agreement. The Term Loan and the 
Line of Credit are collectively referred to as the “Loan.”
 
C.       As additional security for the Original Term Note and the Original 
Line of Credit Note, each Original Guarantor executed and delivered to Bank 
those certain Continuing Guaranty agreements dated as of October 7, 2016 
(as each of the same may be amended or modified from time to time, 
individually and/or collectively, the “Original Guaranty”).
 
D.       In connection with the execution of the Original Term Note and the 
Original Line of Credit Note and the Security Agreement, Borrower and Bank 
entered into that certain Credit Agreement dated as of October 7, 2016 (as 
the same may be amended or modified from time to time, the “Credit 
Agreement”).
 
E.       Thereafter, Borrower acquired Martin and in connection therewith, 
Borrower, Original Guarantor and Martin entered into that certain Amendment 
and Ratification of Credit Agreement and Other Loan Documents dated as of 
June 23, 2017 (the “First Amendment”), which First Amendment which added 
Martin as a co-guarantor under the Loan. Contemporaneously therewith, 
Martin executed and delivered to Bank (i) that certain Continuing Guaranty 
dated as of June 23, 2017 in favor of Bank (as the same may be amended or 
modified from time to time, the “Martin Guaranty”), and (ii) that certain 
Security Agreement: Business Assets dated as of June 23, 2017 in favor of 
Bank, which secures Martin’s obligations under the Martin Guaranty and the 
other Loan Documents (as defined below) (as the same may be amended or 
modified from time to time, the “Martin Security Agreement”).
 
F.       In connection with the acquisition of Tri-State by the Borrower, 
the Borrower requested and Bank agreed to increase the Term Loan to be 
$7,172,399.00, as evidenced by that certain Amended and Restated Term Note 
dated as of October 30, 2017 from Borrower in favor of Bank in the original 
principal amount of $7,172,399.00 (the “Term Note”), which Term Note 
amended, restated, increased and superseded the Original Term Note in its 
entirety, and is secured by the Security Agreement. In connection 
therewith, Borrower, Original Guarantor, Martin and Tri-State entered into 
that certain Second Amendment and Ratification of Credit Agreement and 
Other Loan Documents dated as of October 30,

Page 1

 

2017 (the “Second Amendment”), which added Tri-State as a co-guarantor 
under the Loan and otherwise modified the Loan. Accordingly, Tri-State 
executed and delivered to Bank (i) that certain Continuing Guaranty dated 
as of October 30, 2017 in favor of Bank (as the same may be amended or 
modified from time to time, the “Tri-State Guaranty”), and (ii) that 
certain Security Agreement: Business Assets dated as of October 30, 2017 in 
favor of Bank, which secures Tri-State’s obligations under the Tri-State 
Guaranty and the other Loan Documents (as defined below) (as the same may 
be amended or modified from time to time, the “Tri-State Security 
Agreement”).
 
G.       In connection with the acquisition of AAdvantage by the Borrower, 
the Borrower has now requested and Bank has agreed to increase the Line of 
Credit Loan to now be $20,000,000.00, as evidenced by that certain Amended 
and Restated Promissory Note dated as of even date herewith from Borrower 
in favor of Bank in the original principal amount of $20,000,000.00 (the 
“Line of Credit Note”), which Line of Credit Note amends, restates, 
increases and supersedes the Original Line of Credit Note in its entirety, 
and is secured by the Security Agreement. In connection therewith, 
Borrower, Original Guarantor, Martin, Tri-State and AAdvantage are also 
entering into this Agreement, which adds AAdvantage as a co-guarantor under 
the Loan and otherwise modifies the Loan. Accordingly, AAdvantage is 
executing and delivering to Bank (i) that certain Continuing Guaranty dated 
as of even date herewith in favor of Bank (as the same may be amended or 
modified from time to time, the “AAdvantage Guaranty”), and (ii) that 
certain Security Agreement: Business Assets dated of even date herewith in 
favor of Bank, which secures AAdvantage’s obligations under the AAdvantage 
Guaranty and the other Loan Documents (as defined below) (as the same may 
be amended or modified from time to time, the “AAdvantage Security 
Agreement”).
 
H.       The Term Note, the Line of Credit Note, the Credit Agreement, as 
modified by the First Amendment, the Second Amendment and this Agreement, 
the Security Agreement, the Original Guaranty, the Tri-State Guaranty, the 
Martin Guaranty, the AAdvantage Guaranty the Martin Security Agreement, the 
Tri-State Security Agreement, the AAdvantage Security Agreement and all 
other documents executed by Borrower and Guarantor in connection with the 
Loan are hereinafter referred to collectively as the “Loan Documents.” 
Capitalized terms not otherwise defined herein shall have the meaning 
ascribed thereto in the Loan Documents.
 
I.        Bank is willing to modify the Loan, increase the Line of Credit 
Loan and add AAdvantage as a guarantor under the Loan, provided that 
Borrower and Guarantor give Bank the representations, assurances and other 
agreements hereinafter set forth.
 
W I T N E S S E T H :
 
In consideration of Bank's continued extension of credit and the agreements 
contained herein, the parties agree as follows:
 
1.       The Recitals contained hereinabove are true and correct and are 
made a part hereof.
 
2.       AAdvantage is hereby added as a guarantor under the Loan. All 
references in the Credit Agreement and other Loan Documents to the 
“Guarantor” shall now include AAdvantage.

3.       All references in the Credit Agreement and the other Loan 
Documents to the “Line of Credit Note” shall now mean the “Line of Credit 
Note” defined in Recital “G” above.

4.       All references to the “Loan Documents” in the Credit Agreement and 
other Loan Documents shall now include the AAdvantage Guaranty and the 
AAdvantage Security Agreement.

5.       Section 4.3 (f) of the Credit Agreement is hereby deleted and the 
following inserted in lieu thereof:

Page 2

 

        f)       Concurrent with the delivery of the financial statements
        required herein, Borrower shall deliver a covenant compliance
        certificate in the form attached as Exhibit A hereto, which
        certificate shall be certified as true and correct by person with
        appropriate Borrower authority (a “Compliance Certificate”). To the
        extent required by Bank, each Compliance Certificate shall be
        accompanied by historical and proforma EBITDA and other supporting
        information as Bank may require for any such Guarantor acquired
        during the prior twelve (12) month period.

6.       Section 4.9 (a) is hereby deleted and the following inserted in 
lieu thereof:

        (a)       FIXED CHARGE COVERAGE RATIO (FCCR). Borrower, on a
        combined basis with each Guarantor, shall maintain a minimum Fixed
        Charge Coverage Ratio of not less than 1.25 to 1.00. For purposes
        of this Agreement, “Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio” shall be defined
        as: (I) the sum of net profit after tax, depreciation,
        amortization, interest expense (including any interest permitted to
        be paid on shareholder debt) less net distributions less unfinanced
        capital expenditures, plus (i) any stock compensation expense
        provided there is no present or future cash impact from such stock
        compensation expense and (ii) one-time fees, costs and expenses
        related to the acquisition of any Guarantor, as well as
        commercially reasonable, one-time fees, costs and expenses related
        to future acquisitions, approved by Bank, in accordance with the
        terms of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, divided by
        (II) the sum of interest expense, the current portion of long term
        debt (including any principal payments permitted to be paid on
        shareholder debt), and capital lease payments.

 
        This financial covenant shall be tested quarterly commencing with
        the quarter ending December 31, 2017 and calculated on a rolling,
        four quarters basis; provided, however, that the calculations for
        the testing periods for the first four (4) quarterly testing
        periods of any entity which becomes a Guarantor through an
        acquisition by Borrower, shall be calculated by combining the
        financial statements of Borrower and such Guarantor (with add-backs
        to such Guarantor’s financial statements to be adjusted by Borrower
        to give effect to Bank approved transaction expenses incurred by
        such Guarantor in connection with its acquisition by Borrower), for
        the applicable rolling four quarter period, and shall include
        current portion of long term debt in an amount equal to current
        portion of long term debt as shown on Borrower’s quarterly
        financial statement.
         

7.       The first paragraph of Section 4.9 (b) is hereby deleted and the 
following inserted in lieu thereof:

        (b)       ASSET COVERAGE RATIO. Borrower, on a combined basis with
        each Guarantor, shall maintain a minimum Asset Coverage Ratio of
        not less than 1.00 to 1.00, which shall be tested quarterly;
        provided, however, if utilization under the Line of Credit exceeds
        65% of the maximum commitment available under the Line of Credit
        for any quarter, the Asset Coverage Ratio will be tested monthly
        thereafter; provided, however, if Borrower’s utilization under the
        Line of Credit is less than 65% of the maximum commitment available
        under the Line of Credit for three (3) consecutive fiscal months
        during such monthly testing, the Asset Coverage Ratio will be
        tested quarterly thereafter so long as Borrower remains in
        compliance with this utilization requirement as set forth in this
        Section 4.9(b). For purposes of this Agreement, “Asset Coverage
        Ratio” shall be defined as: the ratio of (a) the sum of (i) ninety
        percent (90%) of Eligible Government Account Receivables, plus (ii)
        eighty-five percent (85%) of Eligible Commercial Accounts
        Receivables, less the Credit Memo Refresh Lag Reserve, plus (iii)
        the sum of (A) up to fifty percent (50%) of Eligible Equipment
        Inventory less the Slow Moving Equipment Inventory Reserve, plus
        (B) up to thirty percent (30%) of Eligible Parts Inventory less the
        Slow Moving Parts Inventory Reserve, divided by (C) the outstanding
        principal balance of

Page 3

 

        the Line of Credit. The foregoing advance rates may be adjusted by
        Bank from time to time based on the results of any Field Exam or
        inventory appraisal(s) required herein or conducted by Bank,
        provided further, that the Credit Memo Lag Reserve may be reduced
        or eliminated from the calculation of the Asset Coverage Ratio if
        Bank receives evidence satisfactory to Bank in Bank’s reasonable
        discretion that such reserve is not required. For purposes of
        calculating the Asset Coverage Ratio upon the acquisition of any
        Guarantor, such ratio shall be determined by a Compliance
        Certificate provided by Borrower prior to the closing of the
        acquisition of such Guarantor so long as the closing of the
        amendment to the Line of Credit adding such Guarantor occurs within
        three (3) business days from the closing of such acquisition.
 

        8.       Section 4.9 (c) is hereby deleted and the following
        inserted in lieu thereof:
         

        (c)       SENIOR LEVERAGE RATIO. Borrower shall maintain a Senior
        Leverage Ratio of not more than 2.50 to 1.00. For purposes of this
        Agreement, “Senior Leverage Ratio” shall be defined as: (I) Total
        Funded Senior Secured Debt divided by (II) earnings before
        interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization (EBITDA). The
        calculation of EBITDA shall exclude certain non-cash items, limited
        to stock compensation expense (provided there is no present or
        future cash impact from such stock compensation expense), gain/loss
        from the sale of fixed assets and temporary non-cash items relating
        to swap obligations. The calculation of EBITDA shall also exclude
        one-time fees, costs and expenses related to the acquisition of any
        Guarantor, as well as commercially reasonable, one-time fees, costs
        and expenses related to future acquisitions, approved by Bank, in
        accordance with the terms of this Agreement and the other Loan
        Documents. Funded Senior Secured Debt shall be defined as the
        outstanding principal balance of the Term Loan and the Line of
        Credit.

        This financial covenant shall be tested quarterly commencing with
        the quarter ending December 31, 2017 and calculated on a rolling,
        four quarters basis; provided, however, that the calculations for
        the testing periods for the first four (4) quarterly testing
        periods of any entity which becomes a Guarantor through an
        acquisition by Borrower, shall be calculated by combining the
        financial statements of Borrower and such Guarantor (with add-backs
        to such Guarantor’s financial statements to be adjusted by Borrower
        to give effect to Bank approved transaction expenses incurred by
        such Guarantor in connection with its acquisition by Borrower), for
        the applicable rolling four quarter period and shall include Total
        Funded Senior Secured Debt per the Borrower’s quarterly financial
        statement.

9.       Section 4.9 (d) is hereby deleted and the following inserted in 
lieu thereof:

        (d)       TOTAL LEVERAGE RATIO. Borrower shall maintain a Total
        Leverage Ratio of not more than 3.50 to 1.00. For purposes of this
        Agreement, “Total Leverage Ratio” shall be defined as: (I) Total
        Funded Senior Secured Debt plus Subordinated Shareholder Debt
        divided by (II) earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and
        amortization (EBITDA). Total Funded Senior Secured Debt plus
        Subordinated Debt shall be defined as the outstanding principal
        balance of all the Term Loan and the Line of Credit plus the
        outstanding principal balance of any Subordinated Debt. The
        calculation of EBITDA shall not include non-cash expenses limited
        to stock compensation expense (provided there is no present or
        future cash impact from such stock compensation expense), gain/loss
        from the sale of fixed assets and temporary non-cash items relating
        to swap obligations. The calculation of EBITDA shall also exclude
        one-time fees, costs and expenses related to the acquisition of any
        Guarantor, as well as commercially reasonable, one-time fees, costs
        and expenses related to future acquisitions, approved by Bank, in
        accordance with

Page 4

 

        the terms of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents. All
        Shareholder Debt must be fully subordinated to all obligations
        under the Term Loan and the Line of Credit.

        This financial covenant shall be tested quarterly commencing with
        the quarter ending December 31, 2017 and calculated on a rolling,
        four quarters basis; provided, however, that the calculations for
        the testing periods for the first four (4) quarterly testing
        periods of any entity which becomes a Guarantor through an
        acquisition of Borrower, shall be calculated by combining the
        financial statements of Borrower and such Guarantor (with add-backs
        to such Guarantor’s financial statements to be adjusted by Borrower
        to give effect to Bank approved transaction expenses incurred by
        such Guarantor in connection with its acquisition by Borrower), for
        the applicable rolling four quarter period and shall include Total
        Funded Senior Secured Debt and Total Subordinated Debt per the
        Borrower’s quarterly financial statement.

10.       Section 4.9 (f) is hereby deleted and the following inserted in 
lieu thereof:

        (f)       DISTRIBUTIONS. Beginning with distributions relating to
        fiscal year 2017 net income, distributions shall be limited to a
        maximum of 35% of Net Income and, in any event, prohibited during
        the continuance of an Event of Default. The calculation of Net
        Income shall exclude one-time fees, costs and expenses related to
        the acquisition of any such Guarantor and shall exclude
        commercially reasonable one-time fees, costs and expenses approved
        by Bank, related to other acquisitions approved by Bank in
        accordance with the terms of this Agreement and the other Loan
        Documents. All distributions made on account of the 2016 calendar
        year attributable to 2016 net income shall not exceed those
        attributable to 2015 fiscal year net income.

11.       Borrower acknowledges, represents and confirms to Bank that: (i) 
the Loan Documents are valid and binding upon Borrower and are enforceable 
in accordance with the terms thereof; (ii) all of the terms, covenants, 
conditions, representations, warranties and agreements contained in the 
Loan Documents are hereby ratified and confirmed in all respects; (iii) 
there are no defenses, set-offs, counterclaims, cross-actions or equities 
in favor of Borrower to or against the enforcement of the Note or any other 
Loan Document; (iv) no payments of interest or any other charges have been 
made to Bank or paid by Borrower in connection with any indebtedness 
evidenced by the Note which would result in the computation or earning of 
interest in excess of the maximum rate of interest which is legally 
permitted under the laws of the State of Florida or federal law, in effect 
from time to time, whichever is the highest; (v) Bank is under no 
obligation to further amend or modify the Loan Documents; and (vi) no 
default now exists under the Loan Documents.

12.       Guarantor represents and warrants unto Bank that: (i) the 
Guaranty and all other documents executed by Guarantor in connection with 
the Loan are valid and binding obligations of Guarantor, enforceable in 
accordance with their terms; (ii) the Loan Documents, as modified herein, 
shall continue to be guaranteed by Guarantor pursuant to the terms of each 
Guaranty; (iii) all of the terms, covenants, conditions, representations, 
warranties and agreements contained in the Guaranty are hereby ratified and 
confirmed in all respects; and (iv) no oral representations, statements, or 
inducements have been made by Bank with respect to the Guaranty or any 
other Loan Document.

13.       Except as amended by this Agreement and the documents executed in 
connection herewith, no term or condition of the Loan or the other Loan 
Documents shall be modified and the same shall remain in full force and 
effect; provided, however, if any provision of this Agreement is in 
conflict with, or inconsistent with, any provision in the Loan Documents, 
then the provision contained in this Agreement shall govern and control.

 

Page 5

 

14.       This Agreement shall be binding upon, and shall inure to the 
benefit of, the respective successors and assigns of the parties hereto.

 
15.       This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, each 
of which shall be deemed an original. Said counterparts shall constitute 
but one and the same instrument and shall be binding upon each of the 
undersigned individually as fully and completely as if all had signed but 
one instrument so that the joint and several liability of each of the 
undersigned shall be unaffected by the failure of any of the undersigned to 
execute any or all of said counterparts.

16.       AS A MATERIAL INDUCEMENT FOR BANK TO EXECUTE THIS AGREEMENT, 
BORROWER AND GUARANTOR DO HEREBY RELEASE, WAIVE, DISCHARGE, COVENANT NOT TO 
SUE, ACQUIT, SATISFY AND FOREVER DISCHARGE BANK ITS OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, 
EMPLOYEES, AND AGENTS AND ITS AFFILIATES AND ASSIGNS FROM ANY AND ALL 
LIABILITY, CLAIMS, COUNTERCLAIMS, DEFENSES, ACTIONS, CAUSES OF ACTION, 
SUITS, CONTROVERSIES, AGREEMENTS, PROMISES AND DEMANDS WHATSOEVER IN LAW OR 
IN EQUITY WHICH BORROWER OR GUARANTOR EVER HAD, NOW HAS, OR WHICH ANY 
PERSONAL REPRESENTATIVE, SUCCESSOR, HEIR OR ASSIGN OF BORROWER OR GUARANTOR 
HEREAFTER CAN, SHALL OR MAY HAVE AGAINST BANK, ITS OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, 
EMPLOYEES, AND AGENTS, AND ITS AFFILIATES AND ASSIGNS, FOR, UPON OR BY 
REASON OF THE LOAN THROUGH THE DATE THAT THIS AGREEMENT IS EXECUTED. 
BORROWER AND GUARANTOR FURTHER EXPRESSLY AGREE THAT THE FOREGOING RELEASE 
AND WAIVER AGREEMENT IS INTENDED TO BE AS BROAD AND INCLUSIVE AS PERMITTED 
BY THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF FLORIDA.

17.       ARBITRATION.

(a)       Arbitration. The parties hereto agree, upon demand by any party, 
to submit to binding arbitration all claims, disputes and controversies 
between or among them (and their respective employees, officers, directors, 
attorneys, and other agents), whether in tort, contract or otherwise in any 
way arising out of or relating to (i) any credit subject hereto, or any of 
the Loan Documents, and their negotiation, execution, collateralization, 
administration, repayment, modification, extension, substitution, 
formation, inducement, enforcement, default or termination; or (ii) 
requests for additional credit.
 
(b)       Governing Rules. Any arbitration proceeding will (i) proceed in a 
location in Broward County, Florida selected by the American Arbitration 
Association (“AAA”); (ii) be governed by the Federal Arbitration Act (Title 
9 of the United States Code), notwithstanding any conflicting choice of law 
provision in any of the documents between the parties; and (iii) be 
conducted by the AAA, or such other administrator as the parties shall 
mutually agree upon, in accordance with the AAA’s commercial dispute 
resolution procedures, unless the claim or counterclaim is at least 
$1,000,000.00 exclusive of claimed interest, arbitration fees and costs in 
which case the arbitration shall be conducted in accordance with the AAA’s 
optional procedures for large, complex commercial disputes (the commercial 
dispute resolution procedures or the optional procedures for large, complex 
commercial disputes to be referred to herein, as applicable, as the 
“Rules”). If there is any inconsistency between the terms hereof and the 
Rules, the terms and procedures set forth herein shall control. Any party 
who fails or refuses to submit to arbitration following a demand by any 
other party shall bear all costs and expenses incurred by such other party 
in compelling arbitration of any dispute. Nothing contained herein shall be 
deemed to be a waiver by any party that is a bank of the protections 
afforded to it under 12 U.S.C. §91 or any similar applicable state law.
 
(c)       No Waiver of Provisional Remedies, Self-Help and Foreclosure. The 
arbitration requirement does not limit the right of any party to (i) 
foreclose against real or personal property collateral; (ii) exercise 
self-help remedies relating to collateral or proceeds of collateral such as 
setoff or repossession; or (iii) obtain provisional or ancillary remedies 
such as replevin, injunctive relief, attachment or the appointment of a 
receiver, before during or after the pendency of any arbitration 
proceeding. This

Page 6

 

exclusion does not constitute a waiver of the right or obligation of any 
party to submit any dispute to arbitration or reference hereunder, 
including those arising from the exercise of the actions detailed in 
sections (i), (ii) and (iii) of this paragraph.
 
(d)       Arbitrator Qualifications and Powers. Any arbitration proceeding 
in which the amount in controversy is $5,000,000.00 or less will be decided 
by a single arbitrator selected according to the Rules, and who shall not 
render an award of greater than $5,000,000.00. Any dispute in which the 
amount in controversy exceeds $5,000,000.00 shall be decided by majority 
vote of a panel of three arbitrators; provided however, that all three 
arbitrators must actively participate in all hearings and deliberations. 
The arbitrator will be a neutral attorney licensed in the State of Florida 
or a neutral retired judge of the state or federal judiciary of Florida, in 
either case with a minimum of ten years experience in the substantive law 
applicable to the subject matter of the dispute to be arbitrated. The 
arbitrator will determine whether or not an issue is arbitratable and will 
give effect to the statutes of limitation in determining any claim. In any 
arbitration proceeding the arbitrator will decide (by documents only or 
with a hearing at the arbitrator's discretion) any pre-hearing motions 
which are similar to motions to dismiss for failure to state a claim or 
motions for summary adjudication. The arbitrator shall resolve all disputes 
in accordance with the substantive law of Florida and may grant any remedy 
or relief that a court of such state could order or grant within the scope 
hereof and such ancillary relief as is necessary to make effective any 
award. The arbitrator shall also have the power to award recovery of all 
costs and fees, to impose sanctions and to take such other action as the 
arbitrator deems necessary to the same extent a judge could pursuant to the 
Federal Rules of Civil Procedure, the Florida Rules of Civil Procedure or 
other applicable law. Judgment upon the award rendered by the arbitrator 
may be entered in any court having jurisdiction. The institution and 
maintenance of an action for judicial relief or pursuit of a provisional or 
ancillary remedy shall not constitute a waiver of the right of any party, 
including the plaintiff, to submit the controversy or claim to arbitration 
if any other party contests such action for judicial relief.
 
(e)       Discovery. In any arbitration proceeding, discovery will be 
permitted in accordance with the Rules. All discovery shall be expressly 
limited to matters directly relevant to the dispute being arbitrated and 
must be completed no later than 20 days before the hearing date. Any 
requests for an extension of the discovery periods, or any discovery 
disputes, will be subject to final determination by the arbitrator upon a 
showing that the request for discovery is essential for the party's 
presentation and that no alternative means for obtaining information is 
available.
 
(f)       Class Proceedings and Consolidations. No party hereto shall be 
entitled to join or consolidate disputes by or against others in any 
arbitration, except parties who have executed any Loan Document, or to 
include in any arbitration any dispute as a representative or member of a 
class, or to act in any arbitration in the interest of the general public 
or in a private attorney general capacity.
 
(g)       Payment Of Arbitration Costs And Fees. The arbitrator shall award 
all costs and expenses of the arbitration proceeding.
 
(h)       Miscellaneous. To the maximum extent practicable, the AAA, the 
arbitrators and the parties shall take all action required to conclude any 
arbitration proceeding within 180 days of the filing of the dispute with 
the AAA. No arbitrator or other party to an arbitration proceeding may 
disclose the existence, content or results thereof, except for disclosures 
of information by a party required in the ordinary course of its business 
or by applicable law or regulation. If more than one agreement for 
arbitration by or between the parties potentially applies to a dispute, the 
arbitration provision most directly related to the Loan Documents or the 
subject matter of the dispute shall control. This arbitration provision 
shall survive termination, amendment or expiration of any of the Loan 
Documents or any relationship between the parties.
 
18.       Waiver of Bankruptcy Stay. BORROWER AND GUARANTOR HEREBY AGREE, 
IN CONSIDERATION OF THE RECITALS AND MUTUAL COVENANTS CONTAINED HEREIN, AND 
FOR OTHER GOOD AND VALUABLE CONSIDERATION, THE RECEIPT AND SUFFICIENCY OF 
WHICH ARE

Page 7

 

HEREBY ACKNOWLEDGED, THAT IN THE EVENT THAT BORROWER OR GUARANTOR SHALL 
FILE WITH ANY BANKRUPTCY COURT OF COMPETENT JURISDICTION OR BE THE SUBJECT 
OF ANY PETITION UNDER TITLE 11 OF THE UNITED STATES CODE THE AUTOMATIC STAY 
IMPOSED BY SECTION 362 OF TITLE 11 OF THE UNITED STATES CODE IS WAIVED, AND 
SUCH WAIVER CONSTITUTES “CAUSE” PURSUANT TO 11 U.S.C. SECTION 362(d)(1) FOR 
THE IMMEDIATE LIFTING OF THE AUTOMATIC STAY IN FAVOR OF BANK, AND BORROWER 
AND GUARANTOR HEREBY KNOWINGLY AND IRREVOCABLY WAIVE ALL DEFENSES AND 
OBJECTIONS TO SUCH LIFTING OF THE AUTOMATIC STAY.

 
[CONTINUES ON THE FOLLOWING PAGE]
 
 

Page 8

 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have signed and sealed this Agreement 
on February 8, 2018.
 
  	BORROWER:
  	  	 
  	ENVIROSTAR, INC., a Delaware corporation
  	  	 
  	By: 	/s/ Henry M. Nahmad
    	  	Henry M. Nahmad, President
  	  	 
  	GUARANTOR:
  	  	 
  	STEINER-ATLANTIC CORP., a Florida corporation
  	  	 
  	  	 
  	By: 	/s/ Michael Steiner
   	  	Michael Steiner, President
  	  	 
  	DRYCLEAN USA LICENSE CORP., a Florida
corporation
  	  	 
  	  	 
  	By: 	/s/ Michael Steiner
      	  	Michael Seiner, President
  	  	 
  	WESTERN STATE DESIGN, INC., a Delaware
corporation
  	  	 
  	  	 
  	By: 	/s/ Henry M. Nahmad
      	  	Henry M. Nahmad, President
  	  	 
  	MARTIN-RAY LAUNDRY SYSTEMS, INC., a
Delaware corporation
  	  	 
  	  	 
  	By: 	/s/ Henry M. Nahmad
       	  	Henry M. Nahmad, President
  	  	 
  	Tri-State Technical Services, Inc., a
Delaware corporation
  	  	 
  	  	 
  	By: 	/s/ Henry M. Nahmad
      	  	Henry M. Nahmad, President
  	  	 
  	AADVANTAGE LAUNDRY SYSTEMS, Inc., a
Delaware corporation
  	  	 
  	  	 
  	By: 	/s/ Henry M. Nahmad
    	  	Henry M. Nahmad, President
                        
                        

Page 9

 

                        
  	BANK:
  	 
  	WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION
  	  	 
  	By: 	/s/Matthew Rapoport
  	Name: Matthew Rapoport
  	Title: Vice President
 
 
 
 

Page 10

 