 EX-10.2 4 ex10-2.htm EX-10.2
AMENDED AND RESTATED PROMISSORY NOTE
 
 
$20,000,000.00 	February 8, 2018
 
 
FOR VALUE RECEIVED, the undersigned EnviroStar, Inc., a Delaware 
corporation ("Borrower") promises to pay to the order of WELLS FARGO BANK, 
NATIONAL ASSOCIATION ("Bank") at its office at 333 SE 2nd Avenue, 22nd 
Floor, Miami, Florida 33131, Attention: Matthew Rapoport, or at such other 
place as the holder hereof may designate, in lawful money of the United 
States of America and in immediately available funds, the principal sum of 
TWENTY MILLION DOLLARS ($20,000,000.00) or so much thereof as may be 
advanced and be outstanding pursuant to the terms of the Credit Agreement, 
as defined herein, with interest thereon, to be computed on each advance 
from the date of its disbursement as set forth herein.
 
DEFINITIONS:
 
As used herein, the following terms shall have the meanings set forth after 
each, and any other term defined in this Note shall have the meaning set 
forth at the place defined:
 
(a)       "Daily One Month LIBOR" means, for any day, the rate of interest 
equal to LIBOR then in effect for delivery for a one (1) month period.
 
(b)       "LIBOR" means the rate of interest per annum determined by Bank 
based on the rate for United States dollar deposits for delivery of funds 
for one (1) month as published by the ICE Benchmark Administration Limited, 
a United Kingdom company, at approximately 11:00 a.m., London time, or, for 
any day not a London Business Day, the immediately preceding London 
Business Day (or if not so published, then as determined by Bank from 
another recognized source or interbank quotation); provided, however, that 
if LIBOR determined as provided above would be less than zero percent 
(0.0%), then LIBOR shall be deemed to be zero percent (0.0%).
 
(c)       "London Business Day" means any day that is a day for trading by 
and between banks in dollar deposits in the London interbank market.
 
INTEREST:
 
(a)       Interest. The outstanding principal balance of this Note shall 
bear interest (computed on the basis of a 360-day year, actual days 
elapsed) at a fluctuating rate per annum determined by Bank to be two and 
twenty-five hundredths of one percent (2.25%) above Daily One Month LIBOR 
in effect from time to time. Bank is hereby authorized to note the date and 
interest rate applicable to this Note and any payments made thereon on 
Bank's books and records (either manually or by electronic entry) and/or on 
any schedule attached to this Note, which notations shall be prima facie 
evidence of the accuracy of the information noted.
 
(b)       Taxes and Regulatory Costs. Borrower shall pay to Bank 
immediately upon demand, in addition to any other amounts due or to become 
due hereunder, any and all (i) withholdings, interest equalization taxes, 
stamp taxes or other taxes (except income and franchise taxes) imposed by 
any domestic or foreign governmental authority and related in any manner to 
LIBOR, and (ii) costs, expenses and liabilities arising from or in 
connection with reserve percentages prescribed by the Board of Governors of 
the Federal Reserve System (or

-1- 

 

any successor) for "Eurocurrency Liabilities" (as defined in Regulation D 
of the Federal Reserve Board, as amended), assessment rates imposed by the 
Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, or similar requirements or costs 
imposed by any domestic or foreign governmental authority or resulting from 
compliance by Bank with any request or directive (whether or not having the 
force of law) from any central bank or other governmental authority and 
related in any manner to LIBOR. In determining which of the foregoing are 
attributable to any LIBOR option available to Borrower hereunder, any 
reasonable allocation made by Bank among its operations shall be conclusive 
and binding upon Borrower.
 
(c)       Default Interest. From and after the maturity date of this Note, 
or such earlier date as all principal owing hereunder becomes due and 
payable by acceleration or otherwise, or upon the occurrence and during the 
continuance of an Event of Default, then at the option of Bank, in its sole 
and absolute discretion, the outstanding principal balance of this Note 
shall bear interest at an increased rate per annum (computed on the basis 
of a 360-day year, actual days elapsed) equal to four percent (4%) above 
the rate of interest from time to time applicable to this Note.
 
BORROWING AND REPAYMENT:
 
(a)       Borrowing and Repayment of Principal. Borrower may from time to 
time during the term of this Note borrow, partially or wholly repay its 
outstanding borrowings, and reborrow, subject to all of the limitations, 
terms and conditions of this Note, that certain Credit Agreement dated as 
of October 7, 2016, as amended by that certain Amendment and Ratification 
of Credit Agreement and Other Loan Documents dated as of June 23, 2017, 
that certain Second Amendment and Ratification of Credit Agreement and 
Other Loan Documents dated as of October 30, 2017, and that certain Third 
Amendment and Ratification of Credit Agreement and Other Loan Documents 
dated of even date herewith between Borrower and Bank (as the same may be 
amended or modified from time to time, the “Credit Agreement”), and of any 
document executed in connection with or governing this Note; provided 
however, that the total outstanding borrowings under this Note shall not at 
any time exceed the principal amount stated above. The unpaid principal 
balance of this obligation at any time shall be the total amounts advanced 
hereunder by the holder hereof less the amount of principal payments made 
hereon by or for Borrower, which balance may be endorsed hereon from time 
to time by the holder. The outstanding principal balance of this Note shall 
be due and payable in full on October 7, 2021 (the “Maturity Date”).
 
(b)       Payment of Interest. Interest accrued on this Note shall be 
payable on the seventh (7th) day of each month, commencing on March 7, 
2018.
 
(c)       Advances. Advances hereunder, to the total amount of the 
principal sum stated above, may be made by the holder at the oral or 
written request of any individual so authorized in the Borrower’s 
resolutions delivered in connection with the execution of the Credit 
Agreement.
 
(d)       Application of Payments. Each payment made on this Note shall be 
credited first, to any interest then due and second, to the outstanding 
principal balance hereof.
 

-2- 

 

 
PREPAYMENT:
 
Borrower may prepay principal on this Note at any time, in any amount and 
without penalty. If principal under this Note is payable in more than one 
installment, then any prepayments of principal shall be applied to the most 
remote principal installment or installments then unpaid.
 
EVENTS OF DEFAULT:
 
This Note is made pursuant to and is subject to the terms and conditions of 
the Credit Agreement. Any default in the payment or performance of any 
obligation under this Note, or any defined event of default under the 
Credit Agreement, shall constitute an "Event of Default" under this Note.
 
MISCELLANEOUS:
 
(a)       Remedies. Upon the sale, transfer, hypothecation, assignment or 
other encumbrance, whether voluntary, involuntary or by operation of law, 
of all or any interest in any real property securing this Note, if any, or 
upon the occurrence of any Event of Default, the holder of this Note, at 
the holder's option, may declare all sums of principal and interest 
outstanding hereunder to be immediately due and payable without 
presentment, demand, notice of nonperformance, notice of protest, protest 
or notice of dishonor, all of which are expressly waived by Borrower, and 
the obligation, if any, of the holder to extend any further credit 
hereunder shall immediately cease and terminate. Borrower shall pay to the 
holder immediately upon demand the full amount of all payments, advances, 
charges, costs and expenses, including reasonable attorneys' fees (to 
include outside counsel fees and all allocated costs of the holder's 
in-house counsel), expended or incurred by the holder in connection with 
the enforcement of the holder's rights and/or the collection of any amounts 
which become due to the holder under this Note whether or not suit is 
brought, and the prosecution or defense of any action in any way related to 
this Note, including without limitation, any action for declaratory relief, 
whether incurred at the trial or appellate level, in an arbitration 
proceeding or otherwise, and including any of the foregoing incurred in 
connection with any bankruptcy proceeding (including without limitation, 
any adversary proceeding, contested matter or motion brought by Bank or any 
other person) relating to Borrower or any other person or entity.
 
(b)       Obligations Joint and Several. Should more than one person or 
entity sign this Note as a Borrower, the obligations of each such Borrower 
shall be joint and several.
 
(c)       Governing Law. This Note shall be governed by and construed in 
accordance with the laws of the State of New York, but giving effect to 
federal laws applicable to national banks, without reference to the 
conflicts of law or choice of law principles thereof.
 
(d)       Savings Clause. If at any time the interest rate set forth in 
this Note exceeds the maximum interest rate allowable under applicable law, 
the interest rate shall be deemed to be such maximum interest rate 
allowable under applicable law.
 
(e)       Right Of Setoff; Deposit Accounts. Upon and after the occurrence 
of an Event of Default, (a) Borrower hereby authorizes Bank, at any time 
and from time to time, without notice, which is hereby expressly waived by 
Borrower, and whether or not Bank shall have declared this Note to be due 
and payable in accordance with the terms hereof, to set off against, and to 
appropriate and apply to the payment of, Borrower's obligations and 
liabilities under this Note (whether matured or unmatured, fixed or 
contingent, liquidated or unliquidated), any and all amounts owing by Bank 
to Borrower (whether payable in U.S. dollars or any other currency,

-3- 

 

whether matured or unmatured, and in the case of deposits, whether general 
or special (except trust and escrow accounts), time or demand and however 
evidenced), and (b) pending any such action, to the extent necessary, to 
hold such amounts as collateral to secure such obligations and liabilities 
and to return as unpaid for insufficient funds any and all checks and other 
items drawn against any deposits so held as Bank, in its sole discretion, 
may elect. Borrower hereby grants to Bank a security interest in all 
deposits and accounts maintained with Bank to secure the payment of all 
obligations and liabilities of Borrower to Bank under this Note.
 
(f)       Amended and Restated Promissory Note. This Note amends, restates, 
increases and supersedes that certain Promissory Note dated October 7, 2016 
executed by Borrower in favor of Bank in the principal amount of 
$15,000,000.00 (the “Original Note”). In the event of any conflict between 
the terms of the Original Note and this Note, the terms of this Note shall 
control.
 

-4- 

 

 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has executed this Note as of the date 
first written above.
 
 
EnviroStar, Inc., a Delaware corporation
 
 
By:/s/Henry M. Nahmad                
Henry M. Nahmad, President
 
STATE OF 	  	) 	 
COUNTY OF 	  	) 	 
 
The foregoing instrument was acknowledged before me this ___ day of 
February, 2018, by Henry M. Nahmad, as President of EnviroStar, Inc., a 
Delaware corporation, on behalf of the corporation. He is personally known 
to me or produced _______________ as identification.
 
 
  	 
  	Print or Stamp Name: 	 
  	Notary Public: State of 	 
  	Commission Number: 	 
  	My Commission Expires: 	 
 

-5- 

 