 EX-10.1 2 enks_ex101.htm SHARE EXCHANGE AGREEMENT
EXHIBIT 10.1
 
SHARE EXCHANGE AGREEMENT
 
by and among
 
Enerkon Solar International Inc. (“Enerkon Florida”)
A Florida Corporation,
 
and
 
the Shareholders of Enerkon Florida,
 
on the one hand;
 
and
 
Enerkon Solar International Inc. (“Enerkon Nevada”),
a Nevada corporation,
 
and
 
the Majority Stockholders of Enerkon Nevada,
 
on the other hand
 
February 8, 2018
 
 
Page 1
 
 
 
SHARE EXCHANGE AGREEMENT
 
This Share Exchange Agreement, dated as of February 8, 2018 (this “
Agreement”), is made and entered into by and among Enerkon Solar 
International Inc., a company incorporated in the State of Florida (“
Enerkon Florida”, which shall include all Enerkon Subsidiaries (as defined 
below)), and the shareholder of Enerkon Florida (“Enerkon Florida 
Shareholder”) listed on the Signature Page for Enerkon Florida Shareholders 
that are attached hereto, on the one hand; and Enerkon Solar International, 
Inc., a company incorporated in the State of Nevada (“Enerkon Nevada”), and 
the stockholders of Enerkon Nevada listed on Signature Page for Enerkon 
Nevada Stockholders that is attached hereto (the “Enerkon Nevada 
Stockholders”), on the other hand.
 
R E C I T A L S
 
WHEREAS, the Board of Directors of Enerkon Nevada has adopted resolutions 
approving Enerkon Nevada’s acquisition of the common stock of Enerkon 
Florida held by the Enerkon Florida Shareholders (the “Acquisition”) by 
means of a share exchange with the Enerkon Florida Shareholders, upon the 
terms and conditions hereinafter set forth in this Agreement;
 
WHEREAS, the Enerkon Florida Shareholders own all of the shares of common 
stock of Enerkon (the “Enerkon Florida Common Stock”);
 
WHEREAS, the Enerkon Nevada Stockholders are the majority stockholders of 
Enerkon Nevada which hold, collectively, an amount of shares of Enerkon 
Nevada common stock which represents the requisite voting power of the 
issued and outstanding capital stock of Enerkon Nevada needed in order to 
approve the transactions contemplated hereby;
 
WHEREAS, the Enerkon Nevada Stockholders will enter into this Agreement for 
the purpose of making certain covenants, indemnifications and agreements;
 
WHEREAS, upon consummation of the transactions contemplated by this 
Agreement, Enerkon Florida will become a 100% wholly-owned subsidiary of 
Enerkon Nevada; and
 
WHEREAS, it is intended that the terms and conditions of this Agreement 
comply in all respects with Section 368(a)(1)(B) and/or Section 351 of the 
Code and the regulations corresponding thereto, so that the Acquisition 
shall qualify as a tax free reorganization under the Code, and that this 
share exchange transaction shall qualify as a transaction in securities 
exempt from registration or qualification under the Securities Act of 1933, 
as amended and in effect on the date of this Agreement.
 
A G R E E M E N T
 
NOW, THEREFORE, the parties hereto, intending to be legally bound, agree as 
follows:
 
ARTICLE 1
 
THE ACQUISITION
 
1.1 The Acquisition. Upon the terms and subject to the conditions hereof, 
at the Closing (as hereinafter defined) the parties shall do the following:
 
(a) The Enerkon Florida Shareholders will each sell, convey, assign, 
transfer and deliver to Enerkon Nevada certificates representing the 
Enerkon Florida Common Stock held by the Enerkon Florida Shareholder as set 
forth in Column II of Annex I hereto, which in the aggregate shall 
constitute 100% of the issued and outstanding equity of Enerkon Florida, 
accompanied by a properly executed and authenticated stock power or 
instrument of like tenor.
 
 
Page 2
 
 
 
(b) As consideration for the acquisition of the Enerkon Florida Common 
Stock, Enerkon Nevada will issue to the Enerkon Florida Shareholder, in 
exchange for the Enerkon Florida Shareholder’s Enerkon Florida Common 
Stock, the number of shares of common stock set forth opposite such party’s 
name in Column IV on Annex I attached hereto (the “Enerkon Nevada Shares
”).
 
1.2 Closing Date. The closing of the Acquisition (the “Closing”) shall take 
place on such date as may be mutually agreed upon by the parties. Such date 
is referred to herein as the “Closing Date.”
 
1.3 Taking of Necessary Action; Further Action. If, at any time after the 
Closing, any further action is necessary or desirable to carry out the 
purposes of this Agreement, the Enerkon Shareholders, Enerkon , the Enerkon 
Nevada Stockholders, and/or Enerkon Nevada (as applicable) will take all 
such lawful and necessary action.
 
1.4 Certain Definitions. The following capitalized terms as used in this 
Agreement shall have the respective definitions:
 
“Affiliate” means any Person that, directly or indirectly through one or 
more intermediaries, controls or is controlled by or is under common 
control with a Person, as such terms are used in and construed under Rule 
405 under the Securities Act.
 
“Contract” means any contract, lease, license, indenture, note, bond, 
agreement, permit, concession, franchise or other instrument.
 
“ERISA” means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 or any 
successor law and the regulations and rules issued pursuant to that act or 
any successor law.
 
“FINRA” means Financial Industry Regulatory Authority.
 
“Knowledge” means the actual knowledge of the officers, directors or 
advisors of the referenced party.
 
“Liens” means a lien, charge, security interest, encumbrance, right of 
first refusal, preemptive right or other restriction.
 
“Material Adverse Effect” means an adverse effect on either referenced 
party or the combined entity resulting from the consummation of the 
transaction contemplated by this Agreement, or on the financial condition, 
results of operations or business, before or after the consummation of the 
transaction contemplated in this Agreement, which as a whole is or would be 
considered material to an investor in the securities of Enerkon Nevada.
 
“Person” means any individual, corporation, partnership, joint venture, 
trust, business association, organization, governmental authority or other 
entity.
 
“Restricted Period” shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3.4(b)(vi).
 
“Securities Act” means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.
 
 
Page 3
 
 
 
“Tax Returns” means all federal, state, local and foreign returns, 
estimates, information statements and reports relating to Taxes.
 
“Tax” or “Taxes” means any and all applicable central, federal, provincial, 
state, local, municipal and foreign taxes, including, without limitation, 
gross receipts, income, profits, sales, use, occupation, value added, ad 
valorem, transfer, franchise, withholding, payroll, recapture, employment, 
excise and property taxes, assessments, governmental charges and duties 
together with all interest, penalties and additions imposed with respect to 
any such amounts and any obligations under any agreements or arrangements 
with any other person with respect to any such amounts and including any 
liability of a predecessor entity for any such amounts.
 
“Trading Day” means a day on which the principal Trading Market is open for 
trading.
 
“Trading Market” means the following markets or exchanges on which Enerkon 
Nevada’s common stock is listed or quoted for trading on the date in 
question.
 
“Transaction” means the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, 
including the share exchange.
 
“United States” means and includes the United States of America, its 
territories and possessions, any State of the United States, and the 
District of Columbia.
 
1.5 Tax Consequences. It is intended that the terms and conditions of this 
Agreement comply in all respects with Section 368(a)(1)(B) and/or Section 
351 of the Code and the regulations corresponding thereto, so that the 
Acquisition shall qualify as a tax-free reorganization under the Code.
 
ARTICLE 2
 
REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF ENERKON FLORIDA
 
Enerkon Florida (and the Enerkon Florida Shareholders, as applicable) 
hereby represents and warrants to Enerkon Nevada and the Enerkon Nevada 
Stockholders as of the date hereof and as of the Closing Date (unless 
otherwise indicated) as follows:
 
2.1 Organization. Enerkon has been duly incorporated, validly exists as a 
corporation, and is in good standing under the laws of its jurisdiction of 
incorporation and has the requisite power to carry on its business as now 
conducted.
 
2.2 Capitalization. The capitalization of Enerkon is as provided to Enerkon 
Nevada, and as of Closing the capitalization of each shall not have 
changed. All of the issued and outstanding shares of capital stock of 
Enerkon, as of the date of this Agreement are and as of Closing will be, 
duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid, non-assessable and free of 
preemptive rights. There are no voting trusts or any other agreements or 
understandings with respect to the voting of Enerkon Florida’s Common 
Stock. Except as set forth in the preceding sentence, no other class of 
capital stock or other security of Enerkon is authorized, issued, reserved 
for issuance or outstanding. There are no authorized or outstanding 
options, warrants, equity securities, calls, rights, commitments or 
agreements of any character by which Enerkon or any of the Enerkon Florida 
Shareholders is obligated to issue, deliver or sell, or cause to be issued, 
delivered or sold, any shares of capital stock or other securities of 
Enerkon.
 
2.3 Subsidiaries. As of the Closing, Enerkon Florida has no direct or 
indirect subsidiaries.
 
 
Page 4
 
 
 
2.4 Certain Corporate Matters. Enerkon Florida is duly qualified to do 
business as a corporation and is in good standing under the laws of 
Florida, and in each other jurisdiction in which the ownership of its 
property or the conduct of its business requires it to be so qualified, 
except where the failure to be so qualified would not have a Material 
Adverse Effect on Enerkon Florida’s financial condition, results of 
operations or business. Enerkon Florida has full corporate power and 
authority and all authorizations, licenses and permits necessary to carry 
on the business in which it is engaged and to own and use the properties 
owned and used by it.
 
2.5 Authority Relative to this Agreement. Enerkon Florida has the requisite 
power and authority to enter into this Agreement and to carry out its 
respective obligations hereunder. The execution, delivery and performance 
of this Agreement and the consummation of the transactions contemplated 
hereby by Enerkon Florida have been duly authorized. This Agreement has 
been duly and validly executed and delivered by Enerkon Florida and 
constitutes a valid and binding agreement, enforceable against Enerkon 
Florida in accordance with its terms, except as such enforcement may be 
limited by bankruptcy, insolvency or other similar laws affecting the 
enforcement of creditors’ rights generally or by general principles of 
equity.
 
2.6 Consents and Approvals; No Violations. Except for applicable 
requirements of federal securities laws and state securities or blue-sky 
laws, no filing with, and no permit, authorization, consent or approval of, 
any third party, public body or authority is necessary for the consummation 
by Enerkon Florida of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. 
Neither the execution and delivery of this Agreement by Enerkon Florida nor 
the consummation by Enerkon Florida of the transactions contemplated 
hereby, nor compliance by them with any of the provisions hereof, will (a) 
conflict with or result in any breach of any provisions of the charter or 
bylaws (or operating agreement) of Enerkon Florida, (b) result in a 
violation or breach of, or constitute (with or without due notice or lapse 
of time or both) a default (or give rise to any right of termination, 
cancellation or acceleration) under, any of the terms, conditions or 
provisions of any note, bond, mortgage, indenture, license, Contract, 
agreement or other instrument or obligation to which Enerkon Florida is a 
party or by which any of their respective properties or assets may be 
bound, or (c) violate any order, writ, injunction, decree, statute, rule or 
regulation applicable to Enerkon Florida, or any of its properties or 
assets, except in the case of clauses (b) and (c) for violations, breaches 
or defaults which are not in the aggregate material to Enerkon Florida 
taken as a whole.
 
2.7 Books and Records. The books and records of Enerkon Florida delivered 
to Enerkon Nevada prior to the Closing fully and fairly reflect the 
transactions to which Enerkon Florida is a party or by which it or its 
properties are bound.
 
2.8 Intellectual Property. Enerkon Florida has no knowledge of any claim 
that, or inquiry as to whether, any product, activity or operation of 
Enerkon Florida infringes upon or involves, or has resulted in the 
infringement of, any trademarks, trade-names, service marks, patents, 
copyrights or other proprietary rights of any other person, corporation or 
other entity; and no proceedings have been instituted, are pending or are 
threatened.
 
2.9 Litigation. There is no action, suit, inquiry, notice of violation, 
proceeding or investigation pending or, to the Knowledge of Enerkon Florida 
, threatened against or affecting Enerkon Florida or any of its properties 
before or by any court, arbitrator, governmental or administrative agency 
or regulatory authority (federal, state, county, local or foreign) 
(collectively, an “Action”) which (i) adversely affects or challenges the 
legality, validity or enforceability of this Agreement or the Enerkon 
Nevada Shares, or (ii) could, if there were an unfavorable decision, have 
or reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. Neither 
Enerkon Florida nor any director or officer thereof, is or has been the 
subject of any Action involving a claim of violation of or liability under 
federal or state securities laws or a claim of breach of fiduciary duty. 
There has not been, and to the Knowledge of Enerkon Florida, there is not 
pending or contemplated, any investigation by the Securities and Exchange 
Commission (the “Commission”) involving Enerkon Florida or any current 
officer or director.
 
 
Page 5
 
 
 
2.10 Legal Compliance. To the best Knowledge of Enerkon Florida, after due 
investigation, no claim has been filed against Enerkon Florida alleging a 
violation of any applicable laws and regulations of foreign, federal, state 
and local governments and all agencies thereof. Enerkon Florida holds all 
of the material permits, licenses, certificates or other authorizations of 
foreign, federal, state or local governmental agencies required for the 
conduct of their respective businesses as presently conducted.
 
2.11 Contracts. Enerkon Florida is not in violation of or in default under 
(nor does there exist any condition which upon the passage of time or the 
giving of notice would cause such a violation of or default under) any 
Contract to which they are a party or by which they or any of their 
properties or assets are bound, except for violations or defaults that 
would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to 
result in a Material Adverse Effect.
 
2.12 Transactions with Affiliates and Employees. None of the officers or 
directors of Enerkon Florida, and, to the Knowledge of Enerkon Florida, 
none of the employees of Enerkon Florida is presently a party to any 
transaction with Enerkon Florida (other than for services as employees, 
officers and directors), including any contract, agreement or other 
arrangement providing for the furnishing of services to or by, providing 
for rental of real or personal property to or from, or otherwise requiring 
payments to or from any officer, director or such employee or, to the 
Knowledge of Enerkon Florida and the Enerkon Florida Shareholders, any 
entity in which any officer, director, or any such employee has a 
substantial interest or is an officer, director, trustee or partner, in 
each case in excess of $60,000, other than for: (i) payment of salary or 
consulting fees for services rendered, (ii) reimbursement for expenses 
incurred on behalf of Enerkon Florida, and (iii) other employee benefits.
 
2.13 Certain Fees. No brokerage or finder’s fees or commissions are or will 
be payable by Enerkon Florida to any broker, financial advisor or 
consultant, finder, placement agent, investment banker, bank or other 
Person with respect to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.
 
2.14 No General Solicitation. Neither Enerkon nor any person acting on 
behalf of Enerkon has offered or sold securities in connection herewith by 
any form of general solicitation or general advertising.
 
2.15 Obligations of Management. Each officer and key employee of Enerkon 
Florida is currently devoting substantially all of his business time to the 
conduct of business of Enerkon Florida.
 
2.16 Minute Books. The minute books of Enerkon Florida made available to 
Enerkon Nevada contain a complete summary of all meetings and written 
consents in lieu of meetings of directors and stockholders since the time 
of incorporation.
 
2.17 Money Laundering Laws. The operations of Enerkon Florida are and have 
been conducted at all times in compliance with applicable financial 
record-keeping and reporting requirements of the money laundering statutes 
of all U.S. and non-U.S. jurisdictions, the rules and regulations 
thereunder and any related or similar rules, regulations or guidelines, 
issued, administered or enforced by any governmental body (collectively, 
the “Money Laundering Laws”) and no action, suit or proceeding by or before 
any court or governmental agency, authority or body or any arbitrator 
involving Enerkon Florida with respect to the Money Laundering Laws is 
pending or, to the knowledge of Enerkon Florida, threatened.
 
2.18 Disclosure. The representations and warranties and statements of fact 
made by Enerkon Florida in this Agreement are, as applicable, accurate, 
correct and complete and do not contain any untrue statement of a material 
fact or omit to state any material fact necessary in order to make the 
statements and information contained herein not false or misleading.
 
 
Page 6
 
 
 
ARTICLE 3
 
REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE ENERKON FLORIDA SHAREHOLDERS
 
The Enerkon Florida Shareholders each hereby represent and warrant to 
Enerkon Nevada as follows:
 
3.1 Ownership of the Enerkon Florida Common Stock. The Enerkon Florida 
Shareholder owns, beneficially and of record, good and marketable title to 
the amount of the Enerkon Florida Common Stock, free and clear of all 
security interests, liens, adverse claims, encumbrances, equities, proxies, 
options or voting agreements. At the Closing, the Enerkon Florida 
Shareholders will convey to Enerkon Nevada good and marketable title to the 
Enerkon Florida Common Stock, free and clear of any security interests, 
liens, adverse claims, encumbrances, equities, proxies, options, 
shareholders’ agreements or restrictions.
 
3.2 Authority Relative to this Agreement. This Agreement has been duly and 
validly executed and delivered by the Enerkon Florida Shareholders and 
constitutes a valid and binding agreement of such person, enforceable 
against such person in accordance with its terms, except as such 
enforcement may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency or other similar laws 
affecting the enforcement of creditors’ rights generally or by general 
principles of equity.
 
3.3 Purchase of Restricted Securities for Investment. The Enerkon Florida 
Shareholder acknowledges that the Enerkon Nevada Shares will not be 
registered pursuant to the Securities Act or any applicable state 
securities laws, that the Enerkon Nevada Shares will be characterized as 
“restricted securities” under federal securities laws, and that under such 
laws and applicable regulations the Enerkon Nevada Shares cannot be sold or 
otherwise disposed of without registration under the Securities Act or an 
exemption therefrom. In this regard, each Enerkon Florida Shareholder is 
familiar with Rule 144 promulgated under the Securities Act, as currently 
in effect, and understands the resale limitations imposed thereby and by 
the Securities Act. Further, the Enerkon Florida Shareholder acknowledges 
and agrees that:
 
(a) the Enerkon Florida Shareholder is acquiring the Enerkon Nevada Shares 
for investment, for the Enerkon Florida Shareholder’s own account and not 
as a nominee or agent, and not with a view to the resale or distribution of 
any part thereof, and the Enerkon Florida Shareholder has no present 
intention of selling, granting any participation in, or otherwise 
distributing the same. The Enerkon Florida Shareholder further represents 
that he, she or it does not have any Contract, undertaking, agreement or 
arrangement with any person to sell, transfer or grant participation to 
such person or to any third person, with respect to any of the Enerkon 
Nevada Shares.
 
(b) The Enerkon Shareholder understands that the Enerkon Nevada Shares are 
not registered under the Securities Act on the ground that the sale and the 
issuance of securities hereunder is exempt from registration under the 
Securities Act pursuant to Section 4(2) thereof, and that Enerkon Nevada’s 
reliance on such exemption is predicated on the Shareholder’s 
representations set forth herein.
 
3.4 Status of Stockholder. The Enerkon Florida Shareholder hereby makes the 
following representations and warranties as indicated on the Signature Page 
of Enerkon Florida Shareholders which is attached and part of this 
Agreement:
 
(a) Accredited Investor Under Regulation D. The Enerkon Florida Shareholder 
is an “Accredited Investor” as that term is defined in Rule 501 of 
Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act, an excerpt of which is 
included in the attached Annex II, and the Enerkon Florida Shareholder is 
not acquiring the Enerkon Nevada Shares as a result of any advertisement, 
article, notice or other communication regarding the Enerkon Nevada Shares 
published in any newspaper, magazine or similar media or broadcast over 
television or radio or presented at any seminar or any other general 
solicitation or general advertisement.
 
 
Page 7
 
 
 
3.5 Investment Risk. The Enerkon Florida Shareholder is able to bear the 
economic risk of acquiring the Enerkon Nevada Shares pursuant to the terms 
of this Agreement, including a complete loss of the Enerkon Florida 
Shareholder’s investment in the Enerkon Nevada Shares.
 
3.6 Restrictive Legends. The Enerkon Florida Shareholder acknowledges that 
the certificate(s) representing the Enerkon Florida Shareholder’s Enerkon 
Nevada Shares shall conspicuously set forth on the face or back thereof a 
legend in substantially the following form, corresponding to the 
stockholder’s status as set forth in Section 3.4 and the signature pages 
hereto:
 
REGULATION D LEGEND:
 
“THESE SECURITIES HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 
1933, AS AMENDED. THEY MAY NOT BE SOLD, OFFERED FOR SALE, PLEDGED OR 
HYPOTHECATED IN THE ABSENCE OF AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT AS TO 
THE SECURITIES UNDER SAID ACT OR PURSUANT TO AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION 
OR AN OPINION OF COUNSEL SATISFACTORY TO THE COMPANY THAT SUCH REGISTRATION 
IS NOT REQUIRED.”
 
3.7 Disclosure. The representations and warranties and statements of fact 
made by Enerkon Florida Shareholders in this Agreement are, as applicable, 
accurate, correct and complete and do not contain any untrue statement of a 
material fact or omit to state any material fact necessary in order to make 
the statements and information contained herein not false or misleading.
 
ARTICLE 4
 
REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF ENERKON NEVADA
 
Enerkon Nevada hereby represents and warrants to Enerkon and the Enerkon 
Florida Shareholders as of the date hereof and as of the Closing Date 
(unless otherwise indicated), as follows:
 
4.1 Organization and Qualification. Enerkon Nevada is an entity duly 
incorporated or otherwise organized, validly existing and in good standing 
under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organization, 
with the requisite power and authority to own and use its properties and 
assets and to carry on its business as currently conducted. Enerkon Nevada 
is not, to its Knowledge, in violation nor default of any of the provisions 
of its articles of incorporation, bylaws or other organizational or charter 
documents (collectively the “Charter Documents”). Enerkon Nevada is duly 
qualified to conduct business and is in good standing as a foreign 
corporation or other entity in each jurisdiction in which the nature of the 
business conducted or property owned by it makes such qualification 
necessary, except where the failure to be so qualified or in good standing, 
as the case may be, could not have or reasonably be expected to result in a 
Material Adverse Effect, and no proceeding has been instituted in any such 
jurisdiction revoking, limiting or curtailing or seeking to revoke, limit 
or curtail such power and authority or qualification.
 
 
Page 8
 
 
 
4.2 Authorization; Enforcement. Enerkon Nevada has the requisite corporate 
power and authority to enter into and to consummate the transactions 
contemplated by this Agreement and otherwise to carry out its obligations 
hereunder. The execution and delivery of this Agreement by Enerkon Nevada 
and the consummation by it of the transactions contemplated hereby have 
been duly authorized by all necessary action on the part of Enerkon Nevada 
and no further action is required by Enerkon Nevada, the Board of Directors 
or Enerkon Nevada’s stockholders in connection therewith other than in 
connection with the Required Approvals, as defined in Section 4.4. This 
Agreement has been (or upon delivery will have been) duly executed by 
Enerkon Nevada and, when delivered in accordance with the terms hereof, 
will constitute the valid and binding obligation of Enerkon Nevada 
enforceable against Enerkon Nevada in accordance with its terms, except: 
(i) as limited by general equitable principles and applicable bankruptcy, 
insolvency, reorganization, moratorium and other laws of general 
application affecting enforcement of creditors’ rights generally, (ii) as 
limited by laws relating to the availability of specific performance, 
injunctive relief or other equitable remedies and (iii) insofar as 
indemnification and contribution provisions may be limited by applicable 
law.
 
4.3 No Conflicts. The execution, delivery and performance by Enerkon Nevada 
of this Agreement and the consummation by Enerkon Nevada of the other 
transactions to which it is a party and as contemplated hereby do not and 
will not: (i) conflict with or violate any provision of Enerkon Nevada’s 
certificate or articles of incorporation, bylaws or other organizational or 
charter documents, (ii) conflict with, or constitute a default (or an event 
that with notice or lapse of time or both would become a default) under, 
result in the creation of any Lien upon any of the properties or assets of 
Enerkon Nevada, or give to others any rights of termination, amendment, 
acceleration or cancellation (with or without notice, lapse of time or 
both) of, any agreement, credit facility, debt or other instrument 
(evidencing a Enerkon Nevada debt or otherwise) or other understanding to 
which Enerkon Nevada is a party or by which any property or asset of 
Enerkon Nevada is bound or affected, or (iii) subject to the Required 
Approvals, as defined by Section 4.4, conflict with or result in a 
violation of any law, rule, regulation, order, judgment, injunction, decree 
or other restriction of any court or governmental authority to which 
Enerkon Nevada is subject (including federal and state securities laws and 
regulations), or by which any property or asset of Enerkon Nevada is bound 
or affected; except in the case of each of clauses (ii) and (iii), such as 
could not have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse 
Effect.
 
4.4 Filings, Consents and Approvals. Enerkon Nevada is not required to 
obtain any consent, waiver, authorization or order of, give any notice to, 
or make any filing or registration with, any court or other federal, state, 
local or other governmental authority or other Person in connection with 
the execution, delivery and performance by Enerkon Nevada of this 
Agreement, other than such filings as are required to be made under 
applicable state securities laws (collectively, the “Required Approvals”).
 
4.5 Issuance of the Enerkon Nevada Shares. The Enerkon Nevada Shares are 
duly authorized and, when issued and paid for in accordance with this 
Agreement, will be duly and validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable, 
free and clear of all Liens imposed on or by Enerkon Nevada other than 
restrictions on transfer provided for in this Agreement.
 
 
Page 9
 
 
 
4.6 Capitalization. The capitalization of Enerkon Nevada is as previously 
provided to Enerkon and will remain as of the Closing Date. Enerkon Nevada 
has not issued any capital stock since its most recently filed periodic 
report under the Exchange Act. No Person has any right of first refusal, 
preemptive right, right of participation, or any similar right to 
participate in the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. Except for 
a Preferred Stock of Enerkon Nevada, there are no outstanding options, 
warrants, scrip rights to subscribe to, calls or commitments of any 
character whatsoever relating to, or securities, rights or obligations 
convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or giving any Person 
any right to subscribe for or acquire any shares of Enerkon Nevada’s common 
stock, or Contracts, commitments, understandings or arrangements by which 
Enerkon Nevada is or may become bound to issue additional shares of Enerkon 
Nevada’s common stock or Common Stock Equivalents. The issuance of the 
Enerkon Nevada Shares will not obligate Enerkon Nevada to issue shares of 
Enerkon Nevada’s common stock or other securities to any Person (other than 
the Enerkon Florida Shareholders) and will not result in a right of any 
holder of Enerkon Nevada securities to adjust the exercise, conversion, 
exchange or reset price under any of such securities. All of the 
outstanding shares of capital stock of Enerkon Nevada are validly issued, 
fully paid and nonassessable, have been issued in compliance with all 
federal and state securities laws, and none of such outstanding shares was 
issued in violation of any preemptive rights or similar rights to subscribe 
for or purchase securities. No further approval or authorization of any 
stockholder or Enerkon Nevada’s board of directors is required for the 
issuance of the Enerkon Nevada Shares. There are no stockholders 
agreements, voting agreements or other similar agreements with respect to 
Enerkon Nevada’s capital stock to which Enerkon Nevada is a party or, to 
the Knowledge of Enerkon Nevada, between or among any of Enerkon Nevada’s 
stockholders. “Common Stock Equivalents” means any securities of Enerkon 
Nevada which would entitle the holder thereof to acquire at any time 
Enerkon Nevada’s common stock, including, without limitation, any debt, 
preferred stock, rights, options, warrants or other instrument that is at 
any time convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or otherwise 
entitles the holder thereof to receive Enerkon Nevada’s common stock.
 
(a) Reports; Financial Statements. To the knowledge of Enerkon Nevada, its 
financial statements contained in its periodic reports filed with the 
Commission (the “Financial Statements”) (a) complied as to form in all 
material respects with the published rules and regulations of the SEC in 
effect at the time of filing; (b) have been prepared in accordance with 
generally accepted accounting principles applicable in the United States of 
America (“U.S. GAAP”) applied on a consistent basis throughout the periods 
indicated and with each other, except that those of the Financial 
Statements that are not audited do not contain all footnotes required by 
U.S. GAAP. The Financial Statements fairly present the financial condition 
and operating results of Enerkon Nevada as of the dates, and for the 
periods, indicated therein, subject to normal year-end audit adjustments. 
Except as set forth in the Financial Statements, Enerkon Nevada has no 
liabilities (accrued, absolute contingent or otherwise). Enerkon Nevada is 
not a guarantor or indemnitor of any indebtedness of any other person, firm 
or corporation. Enerkon Nevada maintains and will continue to maintain 
until the Closing a standard system of accounting established and 
administered in accordance with U.S. GAAP.
 
(b) Enerkon Nevada has timely filed all filings with the SEC that it has 
been required to make under the Securities Act and the Exchange Act (the “
Public Reports”). Each of the Public Reports has complied in all material 
respects with the applicable provisions of the Securities Act, the Exchange 
Act, and the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (the “Sarbanes-Oxley Act”) and/or 
regulations promulgated thereunder. None of the Public Reports, as of their 
respective dates, contained any untrue statement of a material fact or 
omitted to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made 
therein not misleading. Each of the principal executive officers of Enerkon 
Nevada and the principal financial officer of Enerkon Nevada (or each 
former principal executive officer of the ENERKON NEVADA and each former 
principal financial officer of ENERKON NEVADA, as applicable) has made all 
certifications required by Rule 13a-14 or 15d-14 under the Exchange Act and 
Sections 302 and 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act with respect to the Enerkon 
Nevada Public Reports. There is no event, fact or circumstance that would 
cause any certification signed by any officer of Enerkon Nevada in 
connection with any Public Report pursuant to the Sarbanes/Oxley Act to be 
untrue, inaccurate or incorrect in any respect. There is no revocation 
order, suspension order, injunction or other proceeding or law affecting 
the trading of its Common Stock. All of the issued and outstanding shares 
of capital stock have been issued in compliance with the Securities Act and 
applicable state securities laws.
 
 
Page 10
 
 
 
4.7 Material Changes. Since the date of the latest Financial Statements 
included within the Public Reports, except as specifically disclosed in a 
subsequent Public Reports filed prior to the date hereof or in connection 
herewith: (i) there has been no event, occurrence or development that has 
had or that could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse 
Effect, (ii) Enerkon Nevada has not incurred any liabilities (contingent or 
otherwise) other than (A) trade payables and accrued expenses incurred in 
the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice and (B) 
liabilities not required to be reflected in Enerkon Nevada’s financial 
statements pursuant to GAAP or disclosed in filings made with the 
Commission, (iii) Enerkon Nevada has not altered its method of accounting, 
(iv) Enerkon Nevada has not declared or made any dividend or distribution 
of cash or other property to its stockholders or purchased, redeemed or 
made any agreements to purchase or redeem any shares of its capital stock, 
and (v) Enerkon Nevada has not issued any equity securities to any officer, 
director or Affiliate. Enerkon Nevada does not have pending before the 
Commission any request for confidential treatment of information. Except 
for the issuance of the Enerkon Nevada Shares contemplated by this 
Agreement, no event, liability or development has occurred or exists with 
respect to Enerkon Nevada or its business, properties, operations or 
financial condition, that would be required to be disclosed by Enerkon 
Nevada under applicable securities laws at the time this representation is 
made or deemed made that has not been publicly disclosed at least one (1) 
Trading Day prior to the date that this representation is made.
 
4.8 Litigation. There is no action, suit, inquiry, notice of violation, 
proceeding or investigation pending or, to the Knowledge of Enerkon Nevada, 
threatened against or affecting Enerkon Nevada or any of its properties 
before or by any court, arbitrator, governmental or administrative agency 
or regulatory authority (federal, state, county, local or foreign) 
(collectively, an “Action”) which (i) adversely affects or challenges the 
legality, validity or enforceability of this Agreement or the Enerkon 
Nevada Shares, or (ii) could, if there were an unfavorable decision, have 
or reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. Neither 
Enerkon Nevada nor any current director or officer thereof, is or has been 
the subject of any Action involving a claim of violation of or liability 
under federal or state securities laws or a claim of breach of fiduciary 
duty. There has not been, and to the Knowledge of Enerkon Nevada, there is 
not pending or contemplated, any investigation by the Commission involving 
Enerkon Nevada or any current director or officer of Enerkon Nevada. The 
Commission nor any other regulatory body has not issued any stop order or 
other order suspending the effectiveness of any registration statement 
filed by Enerkon Nevada under the Securities Act.
 
4.9 Labor Relations. No labor dispute exists or, to the Knowledge of 
Enerkon Nevada, is imminent with respect to any of the employees of Enerkon 
Nevada which could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse 
Effect. None of Enerkon Nevada’s employees is a member of a union that 
relates to such employee’s relationship with Enerkon Nevada, and Enerkon 
Nevada is not a party to a collective bargaining agreement, and Enerkon 
Nevada believes that its relationships with their employees are good. No 
executive officer, to the Knowledge of Enerkon Nevada, is, or is now 
expected to be, in violation of any material term of any employment 
contract, confidentiality, disclosure or proprietary information agreement 
or non-competition agreement, or any other Contract or agreement or any 
restrictive covenant in favor of any third party, and the continued 
employment of each such executive officer does not subject Enerkon Nevada 
to any liability with respect to any of the foregoing matters. Enerkon 
Nevada is in compliance with all U.S. federal, state, local and foreign 
laws and regulations relating to employment and employment practices, terms 
and conditions of employment and wages and hours, except where the failure 
to be in compliance could not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably 
be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.
 
4.10 Compliance. To its Knowledge, Enerkon Nevada: (i) is not in default 
under or in violation of (and no event has occurred that has not been 
waived that, with notice or lapse of time or both, would result in a 
default by Enerkon Nevada under), nor has Enerkon Nevada received notice of 
a claim that it is in default under or that it is in violation of, any 
indenture, loan or credit agreement or any other agreement or instrument to 
which it is a party or by which it or any of its properties is bound 
(whether or not such default or violation has been waived), (ii) is not in 
violation of any order of any court, arbitrator or governmental body, or 
(iii) is or has been in violation of any statute, rule or regulation of any 
governmental authority, including without limitation all foreign, federal, 
state and local laws applicable to its business and all such laws that 
affect the environment, except in each case as could not have or reasonably 
be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.
 
 
Page 11
 
 
 
4.11 Regulatory Permits. Enerkon Nevada possesses all certificates, 
authorizations and permits issued by the appropriate federal, state, local 
or foreign regulatory authorities necessary to conduct its business, except 
where the failure to possess such permits could not reasonably be expected 
to result in a Material Adverse Effect (“Material Permits”), and Enerkon 
Nevada has not received any notice of proceedings relating to the 
revocation or modification of any Material Permit.
 
4.12 Patents and Trademarks. Enerkon Nevada has, or has rights to use, all 
patents, patent applications, trademarks, trademark applications, service 
marks, trade names, trade secrets, inventions, copyrights, licenses and 
other intellectual property rights and similar rights as described in the 
Reports as necessary or material for use in connection with their business 
and which the failure to so have could have a Material Adverse Effect 
(collectively, the “Intellectual Property Rights”). Enerkon Nevada has not 
received a notice (written or otherwise) that any of the Intellectual 
Property Rights used by Enerkon Nevada violates or infringes upon the 
rights of any Person. To the Knowledge of Enerkon Nevada, all such 
Intellectual Property Rights are enforceable and there is no existing 
infringement by another Person of any of the Intellectual Property Rights. 
Enerkon Nevada has taken reasonable security measures to protect the 
secrecy, confidentiality and value of all their intellectual properties, 
except where failure to do so could not, individually or in the aggregate, 
reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.
 
4.13 Transactions with Affiliates and Employees. Except as set forth in the 
Public Reports, none of the officers or directors of Enerkon Nevada and, to 
the Knowledge of Enerkon Nevada, none of the employees of Enerkon Nevada is 
presently a party to any transaction with Enerkon Nevada (other than for 
services as employees, officers and directors), including any Contract, 
agreement or other arrangement providing for the furnishing of services to 
or by, providing for rental of real or personal property to or from, or 
otherwise requiring payments to or from any officer, director or such 
employee or, to the Knowledge of Enerkon Nevada, any entity in which any 
officer, director, or any such employee has a substantial interest or is an 
officer, director, trustee or partner, in each case in excess of $120,000, 
other than for: (i) payment of salary or consulting fees for services 
rendered, (ii) reimbursement for expenses incurred on behalf of Enerkon 
Nevada and (iii) other employee benefits.
 
4.14 Issuance of Enerkon Nevada Shares. Assuming the accuracy of the 
Enerkon Florida Shareholders’ representations and warranties set forth in 
Section 3, no registration under the Securities Act is required for the 
offer and issuance of the Enerkon Nevada Shares by Enerkon Nevada to the 
Enerkon Florida Shareholders as contemplated hereby. The issuance of the 
Enerkon Nevada Shares hereunder does not contravene the rules and 
regulations of the applicable Trading Market.
 
4.15 Investment Company. Enerkon Nevada is not, and is not an Affiliate of, 
an “investment company” within the meaning of the Investment Company Act of 
1940, as amended.
 
4.16 Listing and Maintenance Requirements. Enerkon Nevada’s common stock is 
currently quoted on Pink Sheets (“Pink Sheets”) and Enerkon Nevada has not, 
in the 12 months preceding the date hereof, received any notice from the 
OTC Markets, Pink Sheets or FINRA or any trading market on which Enerkon 
Nevada’s common stock is or has been listed or quoted to the effect that 
Enerkon Nevada is not in compliance with the quoting, listing or 
maintenance requirements of the Pink Sheets or such other trading market. 
Enerkon Nevada is, and has no reason to believe that it will not, in the 
foreseeable future continue to be, in compliance with all such quoting, 
listing and maintenance requirements. The Common Stock of Enerkon Nevada is 
DTC eligible and DWAC eligible.
 
 
Page 12
 
 
 
4.17 Application of Takeover Protections. Enerkon Nevada has taken all 
necessary action, if any, in order to render inapplicable any control share 
acquisition, business combination, poison pill (including any distribution 
under a rights agreement) or other similar anti‑takeover provision under 
Enerkon Nevada’s certificate of incorporation (or similar charter 
documents) or the laws of its state of incorporation that is or could 
become applicable to the Enerkon Shareholders as a result of the Enerkon 
Shareholders and Enerkon Nevada fulfilling their obligations or exercising 
their rights under this Agreement, including without limitation as a result 
of Enerkon Nevada’s issuance of the Enerkon Nevada Shares and the Enerkon 
Shareholders’ ownership of the Enerkon Nevada Shares.
 
4.18 Tax Status. Enerkon Nevada has filed all necessary Tax Returns and has 
paid or accrued all Taxes shown as due thereon, and Enerkon Nevada has no 
knowledge of a tax deficiency which has been asserted or threatened against 
Enerkon Nevada.
 
4.19 Foreign Corrupt Practices. Neither Enerkon Nevada, nor to the 
Knowledge of Enerkon Nevada, any agent or other person acting on behalf of 
Enerkon Nevada, has: (i) directly or indirectly, used any funds for 
unlawful contributions, gifts, entertainment or other unlawful expenses 
related to foreign or domestic political activity, (ii) made any unlawful 
payment to foreign or domestic government officials or employees or to any 
foreign or domestic political parties or campaigns from corporate funds, 
(iii) failed to disclose fully any contribution made by Enerkon Nevada (or 
made by any person acting on its behalf of which Enerkon Nevada is aware) 
which is in violation of law or (iv) violated in any material respect any 
provision of the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended.
 
4.20 No Disagreements with Accountants and Lawyers. To the Knowledge of 
Enerkon Nevada, there are no disagreements of any kind, including but not 
limited to any disagreements regarding fees owed for services rendered, 
presently existing, or reasonably anticipated by Enerkon Nevada to arise, 
between Enerkon Nevada and the accountants and lawyers formerly or 
presently employed by Enerkon Nevada which could affect Enerkon Nevada’s 
ability to perform any of its obligations under this Agreement, and Enerkon 
Nevada is current with respect to any fees owed to its accountants and 
lawyers.
 
4.21 Regulation M Compliance. Enerkon Nevada has not, and to the Knowledge 
of Enerkon Nevada no one acting on its behalf has, (i) taken, directly or 
indirectly, any action designed to cause or to result in the stabilization 
or manipulation of the price of any security of Enerkon Nevada to 
facilitate the sale or resale of any of the Enerkon Nevada Shares, (ii) 
sold, bid for, purchased, or paid any compensation for soliciting purchases 
of, any of the securities of Enerkon Nevada, or (iii) paid or agreed to pay 
to any Person any compensation for soliciting another to purchase any other 
securities of Enerkon Nevada.
 
4.22 Money Laundering Laws. The operations of Enerkon Nevada are and have 
been conducted at all times in compliance with the money laundering 
statutes of applicable jurisdictions, the rules and regulations thereunder 
and any related or similar rules, regulations or guidelines, issued, 
administered or enforced by any applicable governmental agency 
(collectively, the “Money Laundering Laws”) and no action, suit or 
proceeding by or before any court or governmental agency, authority or body 
or any arbitrator involving Enerkon Nevada with respect to the Money 
Laundering Laws is pending or, to the best Knowledge of the Enerkon Nevada, 
threatened.
 
4.23 Minute Books. The minute books of Enerkon Nevada made available to 
Enerkon and the Enerkon Florida Shareholders contain a complete summary of 
all meetings and written consents in lieu of meetings of directors and 
stockholders since the time of incorporation.
 
4.24 Employee Benefits. Enerkon Nevada has not (nor for the two years 
preceding the date hereof has) had any plans which are subject to ERISA.
 
 
Page 13
 
 
 
4.25 Business Records and Due Diligence. Prior to the Closing, Enerkon 
Nevada will deliver to Enerkon all records and documents relating to 
Enerkon Nevada, which Enerkon Nevada and possesses, including, without 
limitation, books, records, government filings, Tax Returns, Charter 
Documents, corporate records, stock records, consent decrees, orders, and 
correspondence, director and stockholder minutes, resolutions and written 
consents, stock ownership records, financial information and records, and 
other documents used in or associated with Enerkon Nevada and Enerkon 
Nevada Subsidiaries.
 
4.26 Contracts. Except as previously disclosed to Enerkon there are no 
Contracts that are material to the business, properties, assets, condition 
(financial or otherwise), results of operations or prospects of Enerkon 
Nevada taken as a whole. Enerkon Nevada is not in violation of or in 
default under (nor does there exist any condition which upon the passage of 
time or the giving of notice would cause such a violation of or default 
under) any Contract to which it is a party or by which it or any of its 
properties or assets is bound, except for violations or defaults that would 
not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to result in 
a Material Adverse Effect.
 
4.27 No Undisclosed Liabilities. Except as otherwise disclosed in Enerkon 
Nevada’s Financial Statements or incurred in the ordinary course of 
business after the fiscal year ended December 30, 2009, and quarterly 
reports since such date, Enerkon Nevada has no other undisclosed 
liabilities whatsoever, either direct or indirect, matured or unmatured, 
accrued, absolute, contingent or otherwise. Enerkon Nevada represents that 
at the date of Closing, Enerkon Nevada shall have no liabilities or 
obligations whatsoever, either direct or indirect, matured or unmatured, 
accrued, absolute, contingent or otherwise.
 
4.28 No SEC or FINRA Inquiries. To the Knowledge of Enerkon Nevada, neither 
Enerkon Nevada nor any of its present officers or directors is, or has ever 
been, the subject of any formal or informal inquiry or investigation by the 
SEC or FINRA.
 
4.29 Disclosure. The representations and warranties and statements of fact 
made by Enerkon Nevada in this Agreement are, as applicable, accurate, 
correct and complete and do not contain any untrue statement of a material 
fact or omit to state any material fact necessary in order to make the 
statements and information contained herein not false or misleading.
 
4.30 Not a Shell. Enerkon Nevada is not, and has never been a shell 
company, as defined in Rule 230.405, that has: (i) No or nominal 
operations; and (ii) either: no or nominal assets; assets consisting solely 
of cash and cash equivalents; or assets consisting of any amount of cash 
and cash equivalents and nominal other assets.
 
ARTICLE 5
 
INDEMNIFICATION; SURVIVAL OF REPRESENTATIONS
 
5.1 Indemnification. Subject to the provisions of this Article 5, the 
Enerkon Nevada Stockholders agree to, jointly and severally, indemnify 
fully in respect of, hold harmless and defend Enerkon Florida, the Enerkon 
Florida Shareholders and each of the officers, agents and directors of 
Enerkon Florida or the Enerkon Florida Shareholders against any damages, 
liabilities, costs, claims, proceedings, investigations, penalties, 
judgments, deficiencies, including taxes, expenses (including, but not 
limited to, any and all interest, penalties and expenses whatsoever 
reasonably incurred in investigating, preparing or defending against any 
litigation, commenced or threatened, or any claim whatsoever) and losses 
(each, a “Claim” and collectively “Claims”) to which it or they may become 
subject arising out of or based on either (i) any breach of or inaccuracy 
in any of the representations and warranties or covenants or conditions 
made by Enerkon Nevada and/or the Enerkon Nevada Stockholders herein in 
this Agreement; or (ii) any and all liabilities arising out of or in 
connection with: (A) any of the assets of Enerkon Nevada prior to the 
Closing; or (B) the operations of Enerkon Nevada prior to the Closing. 
Subject to the provisions of this Article 5, Enerkon Florida agrees to 
indemnify fully in respect of, hold harmless and defend the Enerkon Nevada 
Stockholders and each of the officers, agents and directors of the Enerkon 
Nevada Stockholders against any Claims to which it or they may become 
subject arising out of or based on any breach of or inaccuracy in any of 
the representations and warranties or covenants or conditions made by 
Enerkon Florida and/or the Enerkon Florida Shareholders herein in this 
Agreement. The party claiming indemnification hereunder is hereinafter 
referred to as the “Indemnified Party” and the party against whom such 
claims are asserted hereunder is hereinafter referred to as the 
“Indemnifying Party.”
 
 
Page 14
 
 
 
5.2 Survival of Representations and Warranties. Notwithstanding provision 
in this Agreement to the contrary, the representations and warranties given 
or made by Enerkon Nevada, Enerkon Nevada Stockholders and Enerkon Florida 
under this Agreement shall survive the date hereof for a period of twenty 
four (24) months from and after the Closing Date (the last day of such 
period is herein referred to as the “Expiration Date”), except that any 
written claim for breach thereof made and delivered prior to the Expiration 
Date to the party against whom such indemnification is sought shall survive 
thereafter and, as to any such claim, such applicable expiration will not 
affect the rights to indemnification of the party making such claim; 
provided, however, that any representations and warranties that were 
fraudulently made shall not expire on the Expiration Date and shall survive 
indefinitely, and claims with respect to fraud by Enerkon Nevada, the 
Enerkon Nevada Stockholders or Enerkon may be made at any time.
 
ARTICLE 6
 
COVENANTS OF THE PARTIES
 
6.1 Corporate Examinations and Investigations. Prior to the Closing, each 
party shall be entitled, through its employees and representatives, to make 
such investigations and examinations of the books, records and financial 
condition of Enerkon Florida and Enerkon Nevada as each party may request. 
In order that each party may have the full opportunity to do so, Enerkon 
Florida and Enerkon Nevada, the Enerkon Florida Shareholder and the Enerkon 
Nevada Stockholders shall furnish each party and its representatives during 
such period with all such information concerning the affairs of Enerkon 
Florida or Enerkon Nevada as each party or its representatives may 
reasonably request and cause Enerkon Florida or Enerkon Nevada and their 
respective officers, employees, consultants, agents, accountants and 
attorneys to cooperate fully with each party’s representatives in 
connection with such review and examination and to make full disclosure of 
all information and documents requested by each party and/or its 
representatives. Any such investigations and examinations shall be 
conducted at reasonable times and under reasonable circumstances, it being 
agreed that any examination of original documents will be at each party’s 
premises, with copies thereof to be provided to each party and/or its 
representatives upon request.
 
6.2 Cooperation; Consents. Prior to the Closing, each party shall cooperate 
with the other parties to the end that the parties shall (i) in a timely 
manner make all necessary filings with, and conduct negotiations with, all 
authorities and other persons the consent or approval of which, or the 
license or permit from which is required for the consummation of the 
Acquisition and (ii) provide to each other party such information as the 
other party may reasonably request in order to enable it to prepare such 
filings and to conduct such negotiations.
 
6.3 Conduct of Business. Subject to the provisions hereof, from the date 
hereof through the Closing, each party hereto shall (i) conduct its 
business in the ordinary course and in such a manner so that the 
representations and warranties contained herein shall continue to be true 
and correct in all material respects as of the Closing as if made at and as 
of the Closing, and (ii) not enter into any material transactions or incur 
any material liability not required or specifically contemplated hereby, 
without first obtaining the written consent of Enerkon Florida and the 
Enerkon Florida Shareholders on the one hand, and Enerkon Nevada and the 
holders of a majority of voting stock of Enerkon Nevada common stock on the 
other hand. Without the prior written consent of Enerkon Florida, the 
Enerkon Florida Shareholders, Enerkon Nevada or the Enerkon Nevada 
Stockholders, except as required or specifically contemplated hereby, each 
party shall not undertake or fail to undertake any action if such action or 
failure would render any of said warranties and representations untrue in 
any material respect as of the Closing.
 
 
Page 15
 
 
 
6.4 Litigation. From the date hereof through the Closing, each party hereto 
shall promptly notify the representative of the other parties of any 
lawsuits, claims, proceedings or investigations which after the date hereof 
are threatened or commenced against such party or any of its affiliates or 
any officer, director, employee, consultant, agent or shareholder thereof, 
in their capacities as such, which, if decided adversely, could reasonably 
be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on the other.
 
6.5 Notice of Default. From the date hereof through the Closing, each party 
hereto shall give to the representative of the other parties prompt written 
notice of the occurrence or existence of any event, condition or 
circumstance occurring which would constitute a violation or breach of this 
Agreement by such party or which would render inaccurate in any material 
respect any of such party’s representations or warranties herein.
 
6.6 Assistance with Post-Closing Reports and Inquiries. Upon the reasonable 
request of Enerkon Florida, after the Closing Date, each Enerkon Nevada 
Stockholder shall use its, his or her reasonable best efforts to provide 
such information available to it, including information, filings, reports, 
financial statements or other circumstances of Enerkon Nevada occurring, 
reported or filed prior to the Closing, as may be necessary or required by 
Enerkon Nevada for the preparation of the post-Closing Date reports that 
Enerkon Nevada is required to file with the SEC to remain in compliance and 
current with its reporting requirements under the Securities Act, or 
filings required to address and resolve matters as may relate to the period 
prior to the Closing and any SEC comments relating thereto or any SEC 
inquiry thereof.
 
ARTICLE 7
 
CONDITIONS TO CLOSING
 
7.1 Conditions to Obligations of Enerkon and the Enerkon Florida 
Shareholders. The obligations of Enerkon and the Enerkon Florida 
Shareholders under this Agreement shall be subject to each of the following 
conditions:
 
(a) Closing Deliveries. At the Closing, Enerkon Nevada and/or the Enerkon 
Nevada Stockholders shall have delivered or caused to be delivered to 
Enerkon Florida and the Enerkon Florida Shareholders the following:
 
(i) this Agreement duly executed by Enerkon Nevada and the Enerkon Nevada 
Stockholders;
 
(ii) letter of resignation from Enerkon Nevada’s current officers, to be 
effective as agreed upon by the parties;
 
(iii) letter of resignation of Enerkon Nevada’s current directors, with the 
resignation to take effect as agreed upon by the parties;
 
(iv) resolutions duly adopted by the Board of Directors of Enerkon Nevada 
approving the following events or actions, as applicable:
 
 
Page 16
 
 
 
a. the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement;
 
b. the Acquisition and the terms thereof;
 
c. fixing the number of authorized directors on the board of directors at a 
number to be agreed to;
 
d. the appointment of such members as indicated by Enerkon to the board of 
directors, immediately following the closing of the transactions 
contemplated hereby;
 
e. the appointment of the following person as officer of Enerkon Nevada, 
effective on the closing of the transactions contemplated hereby (the “
Enerkon Officer”):
 
 
Benjamin Ballout
Chief Executive Officer, President,
Secretary, Chief Financial Officer
 
(v) a certificate of good standing for Enerkon Nevada from its jurisdiction 
of incorporation;
 
(vi) an instruction letter signed by the President of Enerkon Nevada 
addressed to Enerkon Nevada’s transfer agent of record, in a form 
reasonably acceptable to Enerkon and consistent with the terms of this 
Agreement, instructing the transfer agent to issue stock certificates 
representing the Enerkon Nevada Shares to be delivered pursuant to this 
Agreement registered in the names of the Enerkon Florida Shareholder as set 
forth in Annex I;
 
(vii) a copy of the Certificate of Incorporation and By-Laws of the Enerkon 
Nevada, as in effect on and as of the Closing Date, and a copy of the 
resolutions of the Board of Directors of the Enerkon Nevada authorizing and 
approving the Enerkon Nevada’s execution, delivery and performance of the 
Transaction Documents, all matters in connection with the Transaction 
Documents, and the transactions contemplated thereby;
 
(viii) all corporate records, board minutes and resolutions, tax and 
financial records, agreements, seals and any other information or documents 
reasonably requested by Enerkon Florida’s representatives with respect to 
Enerkon Nevada; and
 
(ix) such other documents as Enerkon Florida and/or the Enerkon Florida 
Shareholders may reasonably request in connection with the transactions 
contemplated hereby.
 
(b) Representations and Warranties to be True. The representations and 
warranties of Enerkon Nevada herein contained shall be true in all material 
respects at the Closing with the same effect as though made at such time. 
Enerkon Nevada and the Enerkon Nevada Stockholders shall have performed in 
all material respects all obligations and complied in all material respects 
with all covenants and conditions required by this Agreement to be 
performed or complied with by them at or prior to the Closing.
 
(c) No Liabilities. At the Closing, Enerkon Nevada shall have no 
liabilities, debts or payables (contingent or otherwise), no tax 
obligations, and except as contemplated in this Agreement, no material 
changes to its business or financial condition shall have occurred since 
the date of this Agreement.
 
 
Page 17
 
 
 
(d) Filings. At the Closing, Enerkon Nevada will be current in all filings 
required by it to be filed with the Commission.
 
(e) No Adverse Effect. The business and operations of Enerkon Nevada will 
not have suffered any Material Adverse Effect.
 
7.2 Conditions to Obligations of Enerkon Nevada and the Enerkon Nevada 
Stockholders. The obligations of Enerkon Nevada and the Enerkon Nevada 
Stockholders under this Agreement shall be subject to each of the following 
conditions:
 
(a) Closing Deliveries. On the Closing Date, Enerkon Florida and/or the 
Enerkon Florida Shareholders shall have delivered to Enerkon Nevada the 
following:
 
(i) this Agreement duly executed by Enerkon Florida and the Enerkon Florida 
Shareholders;
 
(ii) resolutions duly adopted by the Board of Directors of Enerkon Florida 
authorizing and approving the execution, delivery and performance of this 
Agreement;
 
(iii) certificates representing the Enerkon Florida Common Stock to be 
delivered pursuant to this Agreement duly endorsed or accompanied by duly 
executed stock powers or instruments of like tenor; and
 
(iv) such other documents as Enerkon Nevada may reasonably request in 
connection with the transactions contemplated hereby.
 
(b) Representations and Warranties True and Correct. The representations 
and warranties of Enerkon Florida and the Enerkon Florida Shareholders 
herein contained shall be true in all material respects at the Closing with 
the same effect as though made at such time. Enerkon Florida and the 
Enerkon Florida Shareholders shall have performed in all material respects 
all obligations and complied in all material respects with all covenants 
and conditions required by this Agreement to be performed or complied with 
by them at or prior to the Closing.
 
(c) No Adverse Effect. The business and operations of Enerkon Florida will 
not have suffered any Material Adverse Effect.
 
ARTICLE 8
 
TERMINATION
 
8.1 This Agreement may be terminated at any time prior to the Closing by 
either party upon ten days written notice to the other parties.
 
 
Page 18
 
 
 
ARTICLE 9
 
GENERAL PROVISIONS
 
9.1 Notices. Any and all notices and other communications hereunder shall 
be in writing and shall be deemed duly given to the party to whom the same 
is so delivered, sent or mailed at addresses and contact information set 
forth on the signature pages hereof (or at such other address for a party 
as shall be specified by like notice) Any and all notices or other 
communications or deliveries required or permitted to be provided hereunder 
shall be in writing and shall be deemed given and effective on the earliest 
of: (a) on the date of transmission, if such notice or communication is 
delivered via facsimile at the facsimile number set forth on the signature 
pages attached hereto prior to 5:30 p.m. (local time of the recipient) on a 
business day, (b) on the next business day after the date of transmission, 
if such notice or communication is delivered via facsimile at the facsimile 
number set forth on the signature pages attached hereto on a day that is 
not a business day or later than 5:30 p.m. (local time of the recipient) on 
any business day, (c) on the second business day following the date of 
mailing, if sent by U.S. nationally recognized overnight courier service or 
(d) upon actual receipt by the party to whom such notice is required to be 
given.
 
9.2 Interpretation. The headings contained in this Agreement are for 
reference purposes only and shall not affect in any way the meaning or 
interpretation of this Agreement. References to Sections and Articles refer 
to sections and articles of this Agreement unless otherwise stated.
 
9.3 Severability. If any term, provision, covenant or restriction of this 
Agreement is held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, void 
or unenforceable, the remainder of the terms, provisions, covenants and 
restrictions of this Agreement shall remain in full force and effect and 
shall in no way be affected, impaired or invalidated and the parties shall 
negotiate in good faith to modify this Agreement to preserve each party’s 
anticipated benefits under this Agreement.
 
9.4 Miscellaneous. This Agreement (together with all other documents and 
instruments referred to herein): (a) constitutes the entire agreement and 
supersedes all other prior agreements and undertakings, both written and 
oral, among the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof; (b) 
except as expressly set forth herein, is not intended to confer upon any 
other person any rights or remedies hereunder and (c) shall not be assigned 
by operation of law or otherwise, except as may be mutually agreed upon by 
the parties hereto.
 
9.5 Separate Counsel. Each party hereby expressly acknowledges that it has 
been advised to seek its own, and has obtained its own, separate legal 
counsel for advice with respect to this Agreement, and that no counsel to 
any party hereto has acted or is acting as counsel to any other party 
hereto in connection with this Agreement.
 
9.6 Governing Law. This Agreement shall be governed by, and construed and 
enforced in accordance with, the laws of the State of Nevada. All questions 
concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of 
this Agreement shall be governed by and construed and enforced in 
accordance with the internal laws of the State of Nevada, without regard to 
the principles of conflicts of law thereof. Each party agrees that all 
legal proceedings concerning the interpretations, enforcement and defense 
of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement (whether brought against 
a party hereto or its respective affiliates, directors, officers, 
shareholders, employees or agents) shall be commenced exclusively in the 
state and federal courts sitting in the State of Nevada. Each party hereby 
irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal 
courts sitting in the State of Nevada for the adjudication of any dispute 
hereunder or in connection herewith or with any transaction contemplated 
hereby or discussed herein (including with respect to the enforcement of 
the Agreement), and hereby irrevocably waives, and agrees not to assert in 
any suit, action or proceeding, any claim that it is not personally subject 
to the jurisdiction of any such court, that such suit, action or proceeding 
is improper or is an inconvenient venue for such proceeding. Each party 
hereby irrevocably waives personal service of process and consents to 
process being served in any such suit, action or proceeding by mailing a 
copy thereof via registered or certified mail or overnight delivery (with 
evidence of delivery) to such party at the address in effect for notices to 
it under this Agreement and agrees that such service shall constitute good 
and sufficient service of process and notice thereof. Nothing contained 
herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in 
any other manner permitted by law. If either party shall commence an action 
or proceeding to enforce any provisions of the Agreement, then the 
prevailing party in such action or proceeding shall be reimbursed by the 
other party for its reasonable attorneys’ fees and other costs and expenses 
incurred with the investigation, preparation and prosecution of such action 
or proceeding.
 
 
Page 19
 
 
 
9.7 Counterparts and Facsimile Signatures. This Agreement may be executed 
in two or more counterparts, which together shall constitute a single 
agreement. This Agreement and any documents relating to it may be executed 
and transmitted to any other party by facsimile, which facsimile shall be 
deemed to be, and utilized in all respects as, an original, wet-inked 
manually executed document.
 
9.8 Amendment. This Agreement may be amended, modified or supplemented only 
by an instrument in writing executed by Enerkon Florida, Enerkon Nevada, 
the Enerkon Florida Shareholder, and the Enerkon Nevada Stockholders; 
provided that, the consent of any Enerkon or Enerkon Nevada shareholder 
that is a party to this Agreement shall be required if the amendment or 
modification would disproportionately affect such shareholder (other than 
by virtue of their ownership of Enerkon Florida or Enerkon Nevada shares, 
as applicable).
 
9.9 Parties in Interest. Except as otherwise provided herein, the terms and 
conditions of this Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be binding 
upon the respective heirs, legal representatives, successors and assigns of 
the parties hereto.
 
9.10 Waiver. No waiver by any party of any default or breach by another 
party of any representation, warranty, covenant or condition contained in 
this Agreement shall be deemed to be a waiver of any subsequent default or 
breach by such party of the same or any other representation, warranty, 
covenant or condition. No act, delay, omission or course of dealing on the 
part of any party in exercising any right, power or remedy under this 
Agreement or at law or in equity shall operate as a waiver thereof or 
otherwise prejudice any of such party’s rights, powers and remedies. All 
remedies, whether at law or in equity, shall be cumulative and the election 
of any one or more shall not constitute a waiver of the right to pursue 
other available remedies.
 
9.11 Expenses. At or prior to the Closing, the parties hereto shall pay all 
of their own expenses relating to the transactions contemplated by this 
Agreement, including, without limitation, the fees and expenses of their 
respective counsel and financial advisers.
 
[Remainder of Page Left Blank Intentionally]
 
 
Page 20
 
 
 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Share Exchange Agreement 
as of the date first written above.
 
  	
ENERKON NEVADA:
 
 
 
 
ENERKON SOLAR INTERNATIONAL, INC.,
a Nevada corporation
 
  	  	  	 
By: 	
 
 
 
 
  	  	
Chief Executive Officer
 
  	  	 	 
 
Address for Notices:
 
 
Address: 
 
 
Tel: 
 
 
 
Page 21
 
 
 
SIGNATURE PAGE OF ENERKON NEVADA STOCKHOLDERS
 
ENERKON NEVADA STOCKHOLDERS:
 
Name
Number of Shares of Enerkon Nevada Common Stock
Address, Telephone, and Facsimile Number for Notice:
Signature:
Tel:
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 22
 
 
 
SIGNATURE PAGE OF ENERKON FLORIDA
 
  	
ENERKON FLORIDA:
 
 
 
 
ENERKON SOLAR INTERNATIONAL INC.
A Florida Corporation
 
  	  	  	 
By: 	 	
 
Name:
Mr. Benjamin Ballout
 
  	Title: 	
CEO
 
 
 
 
 
 
Address for Notices:
 
 
 
 
 
Enerkon Solar International Inc.
 
 
 
 
 
 
Address:
13620 Weyburn Drive
 
 
 
Delray Beach, Florida 33446
 
 
 
 
 
 
Tel:
(561) 431-7762
 
 
Fax:
(561) 431-7762
 
 
 
Page 23
 
 
 
SIGNATURE PAGES OF ENERKON FLORIDA SHAREHOLDER
 
  	
ENERKON FLORIDA SHAREHOLDER:
  	  	  	 
By: 	 	
 
Name:
Mr. Benjamin Ballout 	 
  	  	 
 
Address for Notices:
 
 
 
 
  	Address: 	13620 Weyburn Drive 	 
 
 
Delray Beach, Florida 33446
 
 
 
 
 
 
Tel:
(561) 431-7762
 
 
Fax:
(561) 431-7762
 
 
Please Check One:
 
The Enerkon Florida Shareholder hereby certifies that it is:
 
 
x 	
an “Accredited Investor” under Regulation D of the Securities Act (see 
Section 3.4 and Annex II of this Agreement).
 
 
Page 24
 
 
 
ANNEX I
 
 
(I)
 
Name of
Enerkon
Shareholders
 
 
(II)
 
Number of Shares of
Common Stock
of Enerkon
 
(III)
 
Number of Shares of
Common Stock
of Enerkon Nevada
Benjamin Ballout
1,500
1,500,000
 
Total
1,500
1,500,000
 
 
Page 25
 
 
 
ANNEX II
 
ACCREDITED INVESTOR DEFINITION
 
Category A
The undersigned is an individual (not a partnership, corporation, etc.) 
whose individual net worth, or joint net worth with his or her spouse, 
presently exceeds $1,000,000.
 
Category B
The undersigned is an individual (not a partnership, corporation, etc.) who 
had an income in excess of $200,000 in each of the two most recent years, 
or joint income with his or her spouse in excess of $300,000 in each of 
those years (in each case including foreign income, tax exempt income and 
full amount of capital gains and losses but excluding any income of other 
family members and any unrealized capital appreciation) and has a 
reasonable expectation of reaching the same income level in the current 
year.
 
Category C
The undersigned is a director or executive officer of Enerkon Nevada which 
is issuing and selling the securities.
 
Category D
The undersigned is a bank; a savings and loan association; insurance 
company; registered investment company; registered business development 
company; licensed small business investment company (“SBIC”); or employee 
benefit plan within the meaning of Title 1 of ERISA and (a) the investment 
decision is made by a plan fiduciary which is either a bank, savings and 
loan association, insurance company or registered investment advisor, or 
(b) the plan has total assets in excess of $5,000,000 or (c) is a self 
directed plan with investment decisions made solely by persons that are 
accredited investors.
 
Category E
The undersigned is a private business development company as defined in 
section 202(a)(22) of the Investment Advisors Act of 1940.
 
Category F
The undersigned is either a corporation, partnership, Massachusetts 
business trust, or non-profit organization within the meaning of Section 
501(c)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code, in each case not formed for the 
specific purpose of acquiring the Securities and with total assets in 
excess of $5,000,000.
 
Category G
The undersigned is a trust with total assets in excess of $5,000,000, not 
formed for the specific purpose of acquiring the Securities, where the 
purchase is directed by a “sophisticated investor” as defined in Regulation 
506(b)(2)(ii) under the Act.
 
Category H
The undersigned is an entity (other than a trust) in which all of the 
equity owners are “accredited investors” within one or more of the above 
categories. If relying upon this Category alone, each equity owner must 
complete a separate copy of this Agreement.
 
 
Page 26 
 