 EX-10.1 2 f8k021218ex10-1_chinacomm.htm DIRECTOR OFFER LETTER, DATED 
FEBRUARY 12, 2018, BY AND BETWEEN THE COMPANY AND KECEN LIU.
Exhibit 10.1
 
CHINA COMMERCIAL CREDIT, INC.
No.1 Zhongying Commercial Plaza,
Zhong Ying Road,
Wujiang, Suzhou,
Jiangsu Province, China
(86-0512) 6396-0022
 
February 12, 2018
 
Kecen Liu
#1-3-702, Phase 3,Oak Bay, Haidian District
Beijing, China, 100089
 
Re: 	Director Offer Letter
 
Dear Ms. Liu,
 
China Commercial Credit, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the “Company”), is 
pleased to offer you a position as of member of its Board of Directors (the 
“Board”). We believe your background and experience will be a significant 
asset to the Company and we look forward to your participation on the 
Board. Should you choose to accept this position as a member of the Board, 
this letter agreement (the “Agreement”) shall constitute an agreement 
between you and the Company and contains all the terms and conditions 
relating to the services you agree to provide to the Company.
 
1. Term. This Agreement is effective upon your acceptance and signature 
below. Your term as director shall continue subject to the provisions in 
Section 8 below or until your successor is duly elected and qualified. The 
position shall be up for re-election each year at the annual shareholder’s 
meeting and upon re-election, the terms and provisions of this Agreement 
shall remain in full force and effect.
 
2. Services. You shall render services as a member of the Board and the 
Board’s committees set forth on Schedule A attached hereto (hereinafter 
your “Duties”). During the term of this Agreement, you shall attend and 
participate in such number of meetings of the Board and of the committee(s) 
of which you are a member as regularly or specially called. You may attend 
and participate at each such meeting via teleconference, video conference 
or in person. You shall consult with the other members of the Board and 
committee(s) as necessary via telephone, electronic mail or other forms of 
correspondence.
 
3. Compensation. As compensation for your services to the Company, you will 
receive $20,000 in cash per year for serving on the Board starting from the 
date of this Agreement, which shall be paid to you quarterly in arrears as 
determined by the Company. You shall be reimbursed for reasonable and 
approved expenses incurred by you in connection with the performance of 
your Duties.
 
4. No Assignment. Because of the personal nature of the services to be 
rendered by you, this Agreement may not be assigned by you without the 
prior written consent of the Company.
 
5. Confidential Information; Non-Disclosure. In consideration of your 
access to certain Confidential Information (as defined below) of the 
Company, in connection with your business relationship with the Company, 
you hereby represent and agree as follows:
 
a. Definition. For purposes of this Agreement the term “Confidential 
Information” means:
 
        i. Any information which the Company possesses that has been
        created, discovered or developed by or for the Company, and which
        has or could have commercial value or utility in the business in
        which the Company is engaged; or
     
        ii. Any information which is related to the business of the Company
        and is generally not known by non-Company personnel. 
 
        iii. Confidential Information includes, without limitation, trade
        secrets and any information concerning services provided by the
        Company, concepts, ideas, improvements, techniques, methods,
        research, data, know-how, software, formats, marketing plans, and
        analyses, business plans and analyses, strategies, forecasts,
        customer and supplier identities, characteristics and agreements.
 
b. Exclusions. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the term Confidential 
Information shall not include:
 
        i. Any information which becomes generally available to the public
        other than as a result of a breach of the confidentiality portions
        of this Agreement, or any other agreement requiring confidentiality
        between the Company and you;
     
        ii. Information received from a third party in rightful possession
        of such information who is not restricted from disclosing such
        information; and
     
        iii. Information known by you prior to receipt of such information
        from the Company, which prior knowledge can be documented.
 
    c. Documents. You agree that, without the express written consent of
    the Company, you will not remove from the Company's premises, any
    notes, formulas, programs, data, records, machines or any other
    documents or items which in any manner contain or constitute
    Confidential Information, nor will you make reproductions or copies of
    same. You shall promptly return any such documents or items, along with
    any reproductions or copies, to the Company upon the earliest of
    Company's demand, termination of this Agreement, or your termination or
    Resignation, as defined in Section 8 herein.

  	1 	 

 

     
 
    d. Confidentiality. You agree that you will hold in trust and
    confidence all Confidential Information and will not disclose to
    others, directly or indirectly, any Confidential Information or
    anything relating to such information without the prior written consent
    of the Company, except as maybe necessary in the course of your
    business relationship with the Company. You further agree that you will
    not use any Confidential Information without the prior written consent
    of the Company, except as may be necessary in the course of your
    business relationship with the Company, and that the provisions of this
    paragraph (d) shall survive termination of this Agreement.
 
    e. Ownership. You agree that Company shall own all right, title and
    interest (including patent rights, copyrights, trade secret rights,
    mask work rights, trademark rights, and all other intellectual and
    industrial property rights of any sort throughout the world) relating
    to any and all inventions (whether or not patentable), works of
    authorship, mask works, designations, designs, know-how, ideas and
    information made or conceived or reduced to practice, in whole or in
    part, by you during the term of this Agreement and that arise out of
    your Duties (collectively, “Inventions”) and you will promptly disclose
    and provide all Inventions to the Company. You agree to assist the
    Company, at its expense, to further evidence, record and perfect such
    assignments, and to perfect, obtain, maintain, enforce, and defend any
    rights assigned.
 

6. Non-Competition. You agree and undertake that you will not, so long as 
you are a member of the Board and for a period of 12 months following 
termination of this Agreement for whatever reason, directly or indirectly 
as owner, partner, joint venture, stockholder, employee, broker, agent 
principal, corporate officer, director, licensor or in any other capacity 
whatsoever, engage in, become financially interested in, be employed by, or 
have any connection with any business or venture that is engaged in any 
activities involving services or products which compete, directly or 
indirectly, with the services or products provided or proposed to be 
provided by the Company or its subsidiaries or affiliates; provided, 
however, that you may own securities of any public corporation which is 
engaged in such business but in an amount not to exceed at any one time, 
one percent of any class of stock or securities of such company, so long as 
you has no active role in the publicly owned company as director, employee, 
consultant or otherwise. 

7. Non-Solicitation. So long as you are a member of the Board and for a 
period of 12 months thereafter, you shall not directly or indirectly 
solicit for employment any individual who was an employee of the Company 
during your tenure.
 
8. Termination and Resignation. Your membership on the Board may be 
terminated for any or no reason by a vote of the stockholders holding at 
least a majority of the shares of the Company’s issued and outstanding 
shares entitled to vote. Your membership on the Board or on a Board 
committee may be terminated for any or no reason by a majority of the Board 
at any time, if you have been declared incompetent by an order of a court 
of competent jurisdiction or convicted of a felony. You may also terminate 
your membership on the Board or on a committee for any or no reason by 
delivering your written notice of resignation to the Company (“Resignation
”), and such Resignation shall be effective upon the time specified therein 
or, if no time is specified, upon receipt of the notice of resignation by 
the Company. Upon the effective date of the termination or Resignation, 
your right to compensation hereunder will terminate subject to the 
Company's obligations to pay you any compensation (including the vested 
portion of the Shares) that you have already earned and to reimburse you 
for approved expenses already incurred in connection with your performance 
of your Duties as of the effective date of such termination or Resignation. 
Any Shares that have not vested as of the effective date of such 
termination or Resignation shall be forfeited and cancelled.
 
9. Governing Law. All questions with respect to the construction and/or 
enforcement of this Agreement, and the rights and obligations of the 
parties hereunder, shall be determined in accordance with the law of the 
State of New York applicable to agreements made and to be performed 
entirely in the State of New York.
 
10. Entire Agreement; Amendment; Waiver; Counterparts. This Agreement 
expresses the entire understanding with respect to the subject matter 
hereof and supersedes and terminates any prior oral or written agreements 
with respect to the subject matter hereof. Any term of this Agreement may 
be amended and observance of any term of this Agreement may be waived only 
with the written consent of the parties hereto. Waiver of any term or 
condition of this Agreement by any party shall not be construed as a waiver 
of any subsequent breach or failure of the same term or condition or waiver 
of any other term or condition of this Agreement. The failure of any party 
at any time to require performance by any other party of any provision of 
this Agreement shall not affect the right of any such party to require 
future performance of such provision or any other provision of this 
Agreement. This Agreement may be executed in separate counterparts each of 
which will be an original and all of which taken together will constitute 
one and the same agreement, and may be executed using facsimiles of 
signatures, and a facsimile of a signature shall be deemed to be the same, 
and equally enforceable, as an original of such signature.
 
11. Indemnification. The Company shall, to the maximum extent provided 
under applicable law, indemnify and hold you harmless from and against any 
expenses, including reasonable attorney’s fees, judgments, fines, 
settlements and other legally permissible amounts (“Losses”), incurred in 
connection with any proceeding arising out of, or related to, your 
performance of your Duties, other than any such Losses incurred as a result 
of your negligence or willful misconduct. The Company shall advance to you 
any expenses, including reasonable attorneys’ fees and costs of settlement, 
incurred in defending any such proceeding to the maximum extent permitted 
by applicable law. Such costs and expenses incurred by you in defense of 
any such proceeding shall be paid by the Company in advance of the final 
disposition of such proceeding promptly upon receipt by the Company of (a) 
written request for payment; (b) appropriate documentation evidencing the 
incurrence, amount and nature of the costs and expenses for which payment 
is being sought; and (c) an undertaking adequate under applicable law made 
by or on your behalf to repay the amounts so advanced if it shall 
ultimately be determined pursuant to any non-appealable judgment or 
settlement that you are not entitled to be indemnified by the Company.
 
12. Not an Employment Agreement. This Agreement is not an employment 
agreement, and shall not be construed or interpreted to create any right 
for you to continue employment with the Company.
 
13. Acknowledgement. You accept this Agreement subject to all the terms and 
provisions of this Agreement. You agree to accept as binding, conclusive, 
and final all decisions or interpretations of the Board of Directors of the 
Company of any questions arising under this Agreement.
 

  	2 	 

 

The Agreement has been executed and delivered by the undersigned and is 
made effective as of the date set first set forth above.

 
  	Sincerely,
  	  	 
  	CHINA COMMERCIAL CREDIT, INC.
  	  	 
  	By: 	/s/ Long Yi
  	Name: 	Long Yi
  	Title: 	Chief Financial Officer
 
AGREED AND ACCEPTED:
 
/s/ Kecen Liu 	 
Kecen Liu 	 
 

 

 

  	3 	 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 