 EX-10.1 2 thirdamendmentto2014credit.htm EXHIBIT 10.1






THIRD AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT


This THIRD AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT, dated as of February 9, 2018 
(this “Agreement”), is by and among BRAVO BRIO RESTAURANT GROUP, INC., an 
Ohio corporation (the “Borrower”), the Lenders party hereto and WELLS FARGO 
BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as administrative agent to the Lenders (in such 
capacity, the “Administrative Agent”). All capitalized terms used herein 
and not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings given to such 
terms in the Credit Agreement (as defined below).


RECITALS


A.    The Lenders have extended credit to the Borrower pursuant to that 
certain Credit Agreement dated as of November 5, 2014 (as amended, 
restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the “
Credit Agreement”), entered into by and among the Borrower, the Guarantors, 
the Lenders and the Administrative Agent.


B.    The Credit Parties have requested that the Administrative Agent and 
the Lenders make certain amendments to the Credit Agreement.


C.     The Administrative Agent and the Lenders have agreed to do so, but 
only pursuant to the terms set forth herein.


AGREEMENT


NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and the mutual covenants 
hereinafter contained, and for other good and valuable consideration, the 
receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties 
hereto agree as follows:


1.    Estoppel, Acknowledgement and Reaffirmation. Each of the Credit 
Parties hereby acknowledges and agrees that, as of February 7, 2018, (a) 
the aggregate principal amount of the Revolving Exposure under the Credit 
Agreement was $11,390,834.00 (consisting of Revolving Loans in an aggregate 
principal amount of $4,000,000.00, Swingline Loans in an aggregate 
principal amount of $4,500,000.00 and LOC Obligations in an aggregate 
principal amount of $2,890,834.00) and (b) the aggregate principal amount 
of the Term Loan under the Credit Agreement was $30,000,000.00, each of 
which constitutes a valid and subsisting obligation of the Credit Parties 
to the Lenders that is not subject to any credits, offsets, defenses, 
claims, counterclaims or adjustments of any kind. Each of the Credit 
Parties acknowledges its obligations under the Credit Documents, reaffirms 
that each of the Liens and security interests created and granted in or 
pursuant to the Security Documents is valid and subsisting and agrees that 
this Agreement shall in no manner impair or otherwise adversely affect such 
obligations, Liens or security interests, except as explicitly set forth 
herein.


2.    Amendments to Credit Agreement. Effective as of the Effective Date 
(as defined below), the Credit Agreement shall be amended as follows:


      (a)     The following definitions are hereby added to Section 1.1 of
      the Credit Agreement in their appropriate alphabetical order:


            “Cash Flow Forecast” shall have the meaning set forth in
            Section 5.1(d).     


            “Third Amendment Effective Date” means February 9, 2018.


      (b)    The definition of “Consolidated EBITDA” in Section 1.1 of the
      Credit Agreement is hereby amended by (i) deleting the word “and”
      immediately prior to clause (b)(viii) and (ii) inserting new clauses
      numbered (b)(ix) and (b)(x) immediately after clause (b)(viii) to
      read as follows:




------------------------------------------------------------------------


            (ix) litigation settlement payments arising in connection with
            the Mamdooh Hussein and Robert Andressu lawsuits in an amount
            not to exceed $1,400,000 in the aggregate in the fiscal year
            ended on or about December 31, 2018 and (x) legal fees and
            expenses not constituting Transaction Costs in an amount not to
            exceed $3,500,000 in the aggregate in the fiscal year ended on
            or about December 31, 2017,


      (c)    The definition of “Liquidity” in Section 1.1 of the Credit
      Agreement is hereby deleted in its entirety.    


      (d)     Section 2.7(b) is hereby amended by adding a new clause (vii)
      to read as follows:


            (vii)    Excess Cash. If at any time after the Third Amendment
            Effective Date the sum of the Credit Parties’ cash and Cash
            Equivalents exceeds $3,000,000 (such amount determined on an
            aggregate book balance basis with respect to all accounts of
            the Credit Parties) as of the end of any Business Day
            (excluding any cash or Cash Equivalents denominated in a
            currency other than Dollars), and such excess continues for a
            period of three (3) consecutive Business Days, then the
            Borrower shall on the next Business Day pay in $500,000
            increments an amount sufficient to extinguish such excess for
            application to: (1) first the outstanding Swingline Loans, (2) 
            second the outstanding Revolving Loans (without a corresponding
            permanent reduction in the Revolving Committed Amount), (3) 
            third Cash Collateralize the LOC Obligations and (4) fourth the
            Term Loan in the inverse order of maturities of the remaining
            amortization payments pursuant to Section 2.2(b). Within the
            parameters of the applications set forth above, prepayments
            shall be applied first to Alternate Base Rate Loans and then to
            LIBOR Rate Loans in direct order of Interest Period maturities.
            All prepayments under this Section 2.7(b)(vii) shall be subject
            to Section 2.16 and be accompanied by interest on the principal
            amount prepaid through the date of prepayment.


      (e)    Section 5.1 of the Credit Agreement is hereby amended by
      adding the following as new clauses (d) and (e) to such section:


            (d)    Weekly Cash Flows. Commencing on the Third Amendment
            Effective Date and continuing on the second Business Day
            following each week thereafter, a cash flow forecast for the
            Borrower and its Consolidated Subsidiaries for the
            then-following 13-week period (each, a “Cash Flow Forecast”),
            prepared in good faith by the Borrower upon assumptions
            believed by the Borrower to be reasonable under the
            circumstances, together with a reconciliation of actual cash
            flows of the Borrower and its Consolidated Subsidiaries against
            the immediately preceding Cash Flow Forecast and showing any
            deviations on a cumulative basis and providing a written
            explanation of the variances, prepared by the Borrower and in
            the form, and with such detail (including any material
            assumptions), as reasonably acceptable to the Administrative
            Agent and the Lenders;


            (e)    Monthly Reports. As soon as practicable and in any event
            within ten (10) Business Days after the end of each month (i)
            monthly reports, prepared in good faith by the Borrower based
            upon assumptions believed by the Borrower to be reasonable
            under the circumstances, providing an analysis of the financial
            performance of the Borrower and its Consolidated Subsidiaries
            compared against the projections of the Borrower and its
            Consolidated Subsidiaries and (ii) a certificate of a
            Responsible Officer providing calculations in reasonable detail
            required to indicate compliance with Section 5.9(c) as of the
            last day of such period. For the avoidance of doubt, such
            monthly reports and certificates shall be in addition to, and
            not in lieu of, any other reports or certificates required
            under this Section 5;


      (f)    Section 5.9(c) of the Credit Agreement is hereby amended and
      restated in its entirety to read as follows:




------------------------------------------------------------------------


            (c)    Minimum Consolidated EBITDA. As of the end of each
            calendar month ending during the following periods,
            Consolidated EBITDA on a trailing twelve-month basis shall be
            not less than:


Period
Minimum Consolidated EBITDA
Second Amendment Effective Date through November 30, 2017
$15,000,000
December 31, 2017
$18,000,000
January 1, 2018 through July 1, 2018
$16,000,000
July 2, 2018 and thereafter
$19,000,000

      (g)    Section 5.9(d) of the Credit Agreement is hereby amended and
      restated in its entirety to read as follows:


            (d)    [Reserved.]


3.    Amendment Fee. In consideration of the Lenders’ agreements set forth 
herein, the Credit Parties shall pay to the Administrative Agent, for the 
ratable account of each Lender, an amendment fee of 0.25% of the aggregate 
principal amount of the Revolving Committed Amount and Term Loan, which fee 
shall be fully-earned and non-refundable as of the Effective Date (the “
Amendment Fee”). The Amendment Fee shall be due and payable on the 
Effective Date as a condition precedent to the effectiveness of this 
Agreement.


4.    Conferences with Lenders. The Credit Parties shall make themselves 
and Piper Jaffray & Co. available to the Administrative Agent and Lenders 
for weekly telephone conferences as may be reasonably requested by the 
Administrative Agent to provide updates on the Credit Parties’ financial 
performance and such other matters as the Administrative Agent and Lenders 
may reasonably request.


5.    Reaffirmation of Second Amendment Obligations. Each of the Credit 
Parties hereby acknowledges and reaffirms its obligations under Section 7 
(Agent Financial Advisor) of that certain Waiver and Second Amendment to 
Credit Agreement dated as of August 1, 2017 by and among the Credit 
Parties, the Administrative Agent and the Lenders.   


6.    Payment of Fees and Expenses. The Credit Parties shall reimburse the 
Administrative Agent and the Lenders for all reasonable and documented fees 
and expenses of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders (including without 
limitation, all fees and expenses of counsel to the Administrative Agent 
and Focus Management Group USA, Inc. (the “Agent Financial Advisor”)) 
incurred in connection with the Credit Documents, including without 
limitation this Agreement.


7.    Effectiveness; Conditions Precedent. This Agreement shall become 
effective as of the date hereof (the “Effective Date”) when, and only when, 
each of the following conditions shall have been satisfied or waived, in 
the sole discretion of the Administrative Agent:


      (a)    The Administrative Agent shall have received counterparts of
      this Agreement duly executed by each of the Credit Parties, the
      Lenders and the Administrative Agent.


      (b)    The Administrative Agent shall have received the Amendment
      Fee.


      (c)    The Administrative Agent and the Lenders shall have received a
      Cash Flow Forecast for the 13-week period commencing on the Effective
      Date.


      (d)    The Administrative Agent shall have received such certificates
      of resolutions or other action, incumbency certificates and/or other
      certificates of Responsible Officers of each Credit Party as the
      Administrative Agent may require evidencing the identity, authority
      and capacity of each Responsible Officer




------------------------------------------------------------------------


      thereof authorized to act as a Responsible Officer in connection with
      this Agreement and the other Credit Documents to which such Credit
      Party is a party.


      (e)    The Administrative Agent shall have received reimbursement
      from the Credit Parties for all reasonable and documented fees and
      costs (including without limitation reasonable fees and costs of
      counsel to the Administrative Agent and the Agent Financial Advisor)
      incurred in connection with the Credit Documents and this Agreement
      through the Effective Date.


8.    Incorporation of Agreement. Except as specifically modified herein, 
the terms of the Credit Documents shall remain in full force and effect. 
The execution, delivery and effectiveness of this Agreement shall not 
operate as a waiver of any right, power or remedy of the Administrative 
Agent or any Lender under the Credit Documents, or constitute a waiver or 
amendment of any provision of the Credit Documents, except as expressly set 
forth herein. The breach in any material respect of any provision or 
representation under this Agreement shall constitute an immediate Event of 
Default, and this Agreement shall constitute a Credit Document.


9.    Representations and Warranties. Each of the Credit Parties represents 
and warrants to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders as follows:

      (a)    No Default or Event of Default exists on and as of the
      Effective Date.

      (b)    After giving effect to this Agreement, the representations and
      warranties of the Credit Parties contained in the Credit Documents
      are true, accurate and complete on and as of the Effective Date to
      the same extent as though made on and as of such date except to the
      extent such representations and warranties specifically relate to an
      earlier date (in which case they shall be true, accurate and complete
      as of such earlier date).

      (c)    Each of the Credit Parties has the full power and authority to
      enter into, execute and deliver this Agreement and perform its
      obligations hereunder, under the Credit Agreement, and under each of
      the Credit Documents to which it is a party. The execution, delivery
      and performance by each of the Credit Parties of this Agreement, and
      the performance by each of the Credit Parties of the Credit Agreement
      and each other Credit Document to which it is a party, in each case,
      are within such Person’s powers and have been authorized by all
      necessary corporate, limited liability or partnership action of such
      Person.

      (d)    This Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by such
      Person and constitutes such Person’s legal, valid and binding
      obligations, enforceable in accordance with its terms, except as such
      enforceability may be subject to (i) bankruptcy, insolvency,
      reorganization, fraudulent conveyance or transfer, moratorium or
      similar laws affecting creditors’ rights generally and (ii) general
      principles of equity (regardless of whether such enforceability is
      considered in a proceeding at law or in equity).

      (e)    No consent, approval, authorization or order of, or filing,
      registration or qualification with, any court or Governmental
      Authority or third party is required in connection with the
      execution, delivery or performance by such Person of this Agreement.

      (f)    The execution and delivery of this Agreement does not (i)
      violate, contravene or conflict with any provision of its
      organizational documents or (ii) materially violate, contravene or
      conflict with any laws applicable to it or any of its Subsidiaries.

      (g)    The Obligations are not reduced or modified by this Agreement
      and are not subject to any offsets, defenses or counterclaims.


10.    Release. In consideration of the Administrative Agent’s and the 
Lenders’ willingness to enter into this Agreement, each of the Credit 
Parties hereby releases and forever discharges the Administrative Agent, 
the Lenders and each of their respective predecessors, successors, assigns, 
officers, managers, directors, employees, agents, attorneys, 
representatives and affiliates (hereinafter, all of the above collectively 
referred to as the “Lender Group”) from any and all claims, counterclaims, 
demands, damages, debts, suits, liabilities, actions and causes of action 
of any




------------------------------------------------------------------------


nature whatsoever, whether arising at law or in equity, whether known or 
unknown, whether liability be direct or indirect, liquidated or 
unliquidated, whether absolute or contingent, foreseen or unforeseen, and 
whether or not heretofore asserted, which any of the Credit Parties may 
have or claim to have against any member of the Lender Group arising prior 
to the Effective Date.


11.    No Third Party Beneficiaries. This Agreement and the rights and 
benefits hereof shall inure to the benefit of each of the parties hereto 
and their respective successors and assigns. No other Person shall have or 
be entitled to assert rights or benefits under this Agreement.


12.    Entirety. This Agreement and the other Credit Documents embody the 
entire agreement among the parties hereto and supersede all prior 
agreements and understandings, oral or written, if any, relating to the 
subject matter hereof. This Agreement and the other Credit Documents 
represent the final agreement between the parties and may not be 
contradicted by evidence of prior, contemporaneous or subsequent oral 
agreements of the parties.


13.    Counterparts; Electronic Delivery. This Agreement may be executed in 
any number of counterparts, each of which when so executed and delivered 
shall be deemed an original, and it shall not be necessary in making proof 
of this Agreement to produce or account for more than one such counterpart. 
Delivery of an executed counterpart of this Agreement by facsimile or other 
electronic means shall be effective as an original.


14.    No Actions, Claims, Etc. As of the date hereof, each of the Credit 
Parties hereby acknowledges and confirms that it has no knowledge of any 
actions, causes of action, claims, demands, damages and liabilities of 
whatever kind or nature, in law or in equity, against any member of the 
Lender Group arising from any action by such Persons, or failure of such 
Persons to act under the Credit Documents on or prior to the date hereof.


15.    Governing Law. This Agreement and the rights and obligations of the 
parties hereunder shall be governed by and interpreted in accordance with 
the laws of the State of New York (including Section 5-1401 and Section 
5-1402 of the General Obligations Law of the State of New York), without 
regard to conflicts or choice of law principles that would require 
application of the laws of another jurisdiction, and applicable United 
States federal law.


16.    Consent to Jurisdiction; Service of Process; Waiver of Jury Trial. 
The jurisdiction, service of process and waiver of jury trial provisions 
set forth in the Credit Agreement are hereby incorporated by reference, 
mutatis mutandis.


17.    Further Assurances. Each of the parties hereto agrees to execute and 
deliver, or to cause to be executed and delivered, all such instruments as 
may reasonably be requested to effectuate the intent and purposes, and to 
carry out the terms, of this Agreement.


18.    Miscellaneous.

      (a)    Section headings in this Agreement are included herein for
      convenience of reference only and shall not constitute a part of this
      Agreement for any other purpose.


      (b)    Wherever possible, each provision of this Agreement shall be
      interpreted in such a manner as to be effective and valid under
      applicable law, but if any provision of this Agreement shall be
      prohibited by or invalid under applicable law, such provision shall
      be ineffective to the extent of such prohibition or invalidity,
      without invalidating the remainder of such provision or the remaining
      provisions of this Agreement.


      (c)    Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, if any
      provision contained in this Agreement is in conflict with, or
      inconsistent with, any provision in the Credit Documents, the
      provision contained in this Agreement shall govern and control.



[Signature pages follow]



------------------------------------------------------------------------




IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be 
duly executed as of the date first above written.


Each of the parties hereto has caused a counterpart of this Agreement to be 
duly executed and delivered as of the date first above written.


BORROWER:    BRAVO BRIO RESTAURANT GROUP, INC.

                                    By:    /s/ Diane D. Reed            
                                    Name: Diane D. Reed
                                    Title:    Chief Financial Officer
                                     



------------------------------------------------------------------------





ADMINISTRATIVE
AGENT AND LENDERS:            WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION,
                                    as Administrative Agent and Lender

                                    By:    /s/ Reginald T. Dawson          
                                              
                                    Name: Reginald T. Dawson               
                                             
                              Title: Senior Vice President                 
                                


BANK OF AMERICA, N.A.                        
                        
By:    /s/ Kelly Werbecki                    
Name:    Kelly Werbecki            
                              Title:    Vice President                    


                                    THE HUNTINGTON NATIONAL BANK
                        
By:    /s/ Neil Corry-Roberts         
Name:    Neil Corry-Roberts            
Title:    Senior Vice President    
                                                            


                                    KEYBANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION

By:    /s/ Stephen J. Jones            
Name:    Stephen J. Jones            
Title:    Senior Vice President        


