 EX-10.1 2 f8k013118bex10-1_droneusa.htm SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT 
DATED JANUARY 26, 2018 BETWEEN DRONE USA, INC. AND AUCTUS FUND, LLC
Exhibit 10.1
 
SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT
 
This SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT (the “Agreement”), dated as of January 
26, 2018, by and between DRONE USA, INC., a Delaware corporation, with 
headquarters located at 16 Hamilton Street, West Haven, CT 06516 (the 
“Company”), and AUCTUS FUND, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, 
with its address at 177 Huntington Avenue, 17th Floor, Boston, MA 02115 
(the “Buyer”).
 
WHEREAS:
 
A. The Company and the Buyer are executing and delivering this Agreement in 
reliance upon the exemption from securities registration afforded by the 
rules and regulations as promulgated by the United States Securities and 
Exchange Commission (the “SEC”) under the Securities Act of 1933, as 
amended (the “1933 Act”);
 
B. Buyer desires to purchase and the Company desires to issue and sell, 
upon the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement the 10% 
convertible note of the Company, in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A, 
in the aggregate principal amount of US$105,000.00 (together with any 
note(s) issued in replacement thereof or as a dividend thereon or otherwise 
with respect thereto in accordance with the terms thereof, the “Note”), 
convertible into shares of common stock, $0.0001 par value per share, of 
the Company (the “Common Stock”), upon the terms and subject to the 
limitations and conditions set forth in such Note.
 
C. The Buyer wishes to purchase, upon the terms and conditions stated in 
this Agreement, such principal amount of Note as is set forth immediately 
below its name on the signature pages hereto; and
 
NOW THEREFORE, the Company and the Buyer severally (and not jointly) hereby 
agree as follows:
 
1. PURCHASE AND SALE OF NOTE.
 
a. Purchase of Note. On the Closing Date (as defined below), the Company 
shall issue and sell to the Buyer and the Buyer agrees to purchase from the 
Company such principal amount of Note as is set forth immediately below the 
Buyer’s name on the signature pages hereto.
 
b. Form of Payment. On the Closing Date (as defined below), (i) the Buyer 
shall pay the purchase price for the Note to be issued and sold to it at 
the Closing (as defined below) (the “Purchase Price”) by wire transfer of 
immediately available funds to the Company, in accordance with the 
Company’s written wiring instructions, against delivery of the Note in the 
principal amount equal to the Purchase Price as is set forth immediately 
below the Buyer’s name on the signature pages hereto, and (ii) the Company 
shall deliver such duly executed Note on behalf of the Company, to the 
Buyer, against delivery of such Purchase Price.
 

 

 

 
c. Closing Date. Subject to the satisfaction (or written waiver) of the 
conditions thereto set forth in Section 7 and Section 8 below, the date and 
time of the issuance and sale of the Note pursuant to this Agreement (the 
“Closing Date”) shall be 12:00 noon, Eastern Standard Time on or about 
January 26, 2018, or such other mutually agreed upon time. The closing of 
the transactions contemplated by this Agreement (the “Closing”) shall occur 
on the Closing Date at such location as may be agreed to by the parties.
 
2. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE BUYER. The Buyer represents and 
warrants to the Company that:
 
a. Investment Purpose. As of the date hereof, the Buyer is purchasing the 
Note and the shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of or 
otherwise pursuant to the Note (including, without limitation, such 
additional shares of Common Stock, if any, as are issuable (i) on account 
of interest on the Note (ii) as a result of the events described in 
Sections 1.3 and 1.4(g) of the Note or (iii) in payment of the Standard 
Liquidated Damages Amount (as defined in Section 2(f) below) pursuant to 
this Agreement, such shares of Common Stock being collectively referred to 
herein as the “Conversion Shares” and, collectively with the Note, the 
“Securities”) for its own account and not with a present view towards the 
public sale or distribution thereof, except pursuant to sales registered or 
exempted from registration under the 1933 Act; provided, however, that by 
making the representations herein, the Buyer does not agree to hold any of 
the Securities for any minimum or other specific term and reserves the 
right to dispose of the Securities at any time in accordance with or 
pursuant to a registration statement or an exemption under the 1933 Act.
 
b. Accredited Investor Status. The Buyer is an “accredited investor” as 
that term is defined in Rule 501(a) of Regulation D (an “Accredited 
Investor”).
 
c. Reliance on Exemptions. The Buyer understands that the Securities are 
being offered and sold to it in reliance upon specific exemptions from the 
registration requirements of United States federal and state securities 
laws and that the Company is relying upon the truth and accuracy of, and 
the Buyer’s compliance with, the representations, warranties, agreements, 
acknowledgments and understandings of the Buyer set forth herein in order 
to determine the availability of such exemptions and the eligibility of the 
Buyer to acquire the Securities.
 
d. Information. The Buyer and its advisors, if any, have been, and for so 
long as the Note remains outstanding will continue to be, furnished with 
all materials relating to the business, finances and operations of the 
Company and materials relating to the offer and sale of the Securities 
which have been requested by the Buyer or its advisors. The Buyer and its 
advisors, if any, have been, and for so long as the Note remains 
outstanding will continue to be, afforded the opportunity to ask questions 
of the Company. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company has not 
disclosed to the Buyer any material nonpublic information and will not 
disclose such information unless such information is disclosed to the 
public prior to or promptly following such disclosure to the Buyer. Neither 
such inquiries nor any other due diligence investigation conducted by Buyer 
or any of its advisors or representatives shall modify, amend or affect 
Buyer’s right to rely on the Company’s representations and warranties 
contained in Section 3 below. The Buyer understands that its investment in 
the Securities involves a significant degree of risk. The Buyer is not 
aware of any facts that may constitute a breach of any of the Company's 
representations and warranties made herein.
 

  	2 	 

 

 
e. Governmental Review. The Buyer understands that no United States federal 
or state agency or any other government or governmental agency has passed 
upon or made any recommendation or endorsement of the Securities.
 
f. Transfer or Re-sale. The Buyer understands that (i) the sale or re-sale 
of the Securities has not been and is not being registered under the 1933 
Act or any applicable state securities laws, and the Securities may not be 
transferred unless (a) the Securities are sold pursuant to an effective 
registration statement under the 1933 Act, (b) the Buyer shall have 
delivered to the Company, at the cost of the Company, an opinion of counsel 
that shall be in form, substance and scope customary for opinions of 
counsel in comparable transactions to the effect that the Securities to be 
sold or transferred may be sold or transferred pursuant to an exemption 
from such registration, which opinion shall be accepted by the Company, (c) 
the Securities are sold or transferred to an “affiliate” (as defined in 
Rule 144 promulgated under the 1933 Act (or a successor rule) (“Rule 144”)) 
of the Buyer who agrees to sell or otherwise transfer the Securities only 
in accordance with this Section 2(f) and who is an Accredited Investor, (d) 
the Securities are sold pursuant to Rule 144, or (e) the Securities are 
sold pursuant to Regulation S under the 1933 Act (or a successor rule) 
(“Regulation S”), and the Buyer shall have delivered to the Company, at the 
cost of the Company, an opinion of counsel that shall be in form, substance 
and scope customary for opinions of counsel in corporate transactions, 
which opinion shall be accepted by the Company; (ii) any sale of such 
Securities made in reliance on Rule 144 may be made only in accordance with 
the terms of said Rule and further, if said Rule is not applicable, any 
re-sale of such Securities under circumstances in which the seller (or the 
person through whom the sale is made) may be deemed to be an underwriter 
(as that term is defined in the 1933 Act) may require compliance with some 
other exemption under the 1933 Act or the rules and regulations of the SEC 
thereunder; and (iii) neither the Company nor any other person is under any 
obligation to register such Securities under the 1933 Act or any state 
securities laws or to comply with the terms and conditions of any exemption 
thereunder (in each case). Notwithstanding the foregoing or anything else 
contained herein to the contrary, the Securities may be pledged as 
collateral in connection with a bona fide margin account or other lending 
arrangement. In the event that the Company does not accept the opinion of 
counsel provided by the Buyer with respect to the transfer of Securities 
pursuant to an exemption from registration, such as Rule 144 or Regulation 
S, within three (3) business days of delivery of the opinion to the 
Company, the Company shall pay to the Buyer liquidated damages of five 
percent (5%) of the outstanding amount of the Note per day plus accrued and 
unpaid interest on the Note, prorated for partial months, in cash or shares 
at the option of the Buyer (“Standard Liquidated Damages Amount”). If the 
Buyer elects to be pay the Standard Liquidated Damages Amount in shares of 
Common Stock, such shares shall be issued at the Conversion Price (as 
defined in the Note) at the time of payment.
 

  	3 	 

 

 
g. Legends. The Buyer understands that the Note and, until such time as the 
Conversion Shares have been registered under the 1933 Act may be sold 
pursuant to Rule 144 or Regulation S without any restriction as to the 
number of securities as of a particular date that can then be immediately 
sold, the Conversion Shares may bear a restrictive legend in substantially 
the following form (and a stop-transfer order may be placed against 
transfer of the certificates for such Securities):
 
        “NEITHER THE ISSUANCE AND SALE OF THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY
        THIS CERTIFICATE NOR THE SECURITIES INTO WHICH THESE SECURITIES ARE
        EXERCISABLE HAVE BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933,
        AS AMENDED, OR APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. THE SECURITIES MAY
        NOT BE OFFERED FOR SALE, SOLD, TRANSFERRED OR ASSIGNED (I) IN THE
        ABSENCE OF (A) AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT FOR THE
        SECURITIES UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR (B) AN
        OPINION OF COUNSEL (WHICH COUNSEL SHALL BE SELECTED BY THE HOLDER),
        IN A GENERALLY ACCEPTABLE FORM, THAT REGISTRATION IS NOT REQUIRED
        UNDER SAID ACT OR (II) UNLESS SOLD PURSUANT TO RULE 144 OR RULE
        144A UNDER SAID ACT. NOTWITHSTANDING THE FOREGOING, THE SECURITIES
        MAY BE PLEDGED IN CONNECTION WITH A BONA FIDE MARGIN ACCOUNT OR
        OTHER LOAN OR FINANCING ARRANGEMENT SECURED BY THE SECURITIES.”
 
The legend set forth above shall be removed and the Company shall issue a 
certificate without such legend to the holder of any Security upon which it 
is stamped, if, unless otherwise required by applicable state securities 
laws, (a) such Security is registered for sale under an effective 
registration statement filed under the 1933 Act or otherwise may be sold 
pursuant to Rule 144 or Regulation S without any restriction as to the 
number of securities as of a particular date that can then be immediately 
sold, or (b) such holder provides the Company with an opinion of counsel, 
in form, substance and scope customary for opinions of counsel in 
comparable transactions, to the effect that a public sale or transfer of 
such Security may be made without registration under the 1933 Act, which 
opinion shall be accepted by the Company so that the sale or transfer is 
effected. The Buyer agrees to sell all Securities, including those 
represented by a certificate(s) from which the legend has been removed, in 
compliance with applicable prospectus delivery requirements, if any. In the 
event that the Company does not accept the opinion of counsel provided by 
the Buyer with respect to the transfer of Securities pursuant to an 
exemption from registration, such as Rule 144 or Regulation S, at the 
Deadline, it will be considered an Event of Default pursuant to Section 3.2 
of the Note.
 

  	4 	 

 

 
h. Authorization; Enforcement. This Agreement has been duly and validly 
authorized. This Agreement has been duly executed and delivered on behalf 
of the Buyer, and this Agreement constitutes a valid and binding agreement 
of the Buyer enforceable in accordance with its terms.
 
i. Residency. The Buyer is a resident of the jurisdiction set forth in the 
preamble.
 
3. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE COMPANY. The Company represents 
and warrants to the Buyer that:
 
a. Organization and Qualification. The Company and each of its Subsidiaries 
(as defined below), if any, is a corporation duly organized, validly 
existing and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction in which 
it is incorporated, with full power and authority (corporate and other) to 
own, lease, use and operate its properties and to carry on its business as 
and where now owned, leased, used, operated and conducted. The Company and 
each of its Subsidiaries is duly qualified as a foreign corporation to do 
business and is in good standing in every jurisdiction in which its 
ownership or use of property or the nature of the business conducted by it 
makes such qualification necessary except where the failure to be so 
qualified or in good standing would not have a Material Adverse Effect. 
“Material Adverse Effect” means any material adverse effect on the 
business, operations, assets, financial condition or prospects of the 
Company or its Subsidiaries, if any, taken as a whole, or on the 
transactions contemplated hereby or by the agreements or instruments to be 
entered into in connection herewith. “Subsidiaries” means any corporation 
or other organization, whether incorporated or unincorporated, in which the 
Company owns, directly or indirectly, any equity or other ownership 
interest.
 
b. Authorization; Enforcement. (i) The Company has all requisite corporate 
power and authority to enter into and perform this Agreement, the Note and 
to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby and to issue 
the Securities, in accordance with the terms hereof and thereof, (ii) the 
execution and delivery of this Agreement, the Note by the Company and the 
consummation by it of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby 
(including without limitation, the issuance of the Note and the issuance 
and reservation for issuance of the Conversion Shares issuable upon 
conversion or exercise thereof) have been duly authorized by the Company’s 
Board of Directors and no further consent or authorization of the Company, 
its Board of Directors, or its shareholders is required, (iii) this 
Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by the Company by its 
authorized representative, and such authorized representative is the true 
and official representative with authority to sign this Agreement and the 
other documents executed in connection herewith and bind the Company 
accordingly, and (iv) this Agreement constitutes, and upon execution and 
delivery by the Company of the Note, each of such instruments will 
constitute, a legal, valid and binding obligation of the Company 
enforceable against the Company in accordance with its terms.
 

  	5 	 

 

 
c. Capitalization. As of the date hereof, the authorized capital stock of 
the Company consists of: (i) 200,000,000 shares of Common Stock, of which 
approximately 43,460,630 shares are issued and outstanding; and (ii) 
5,000,000 shares of preferred stock, of which 250 are issued and 
outstanding. Except as disclosed in the SEC Documents, no shares are 
reserved for issuance pursuant to the Company’s stock option plans, no 
shares are reserved for issuance pursuant to securities (other than the 
Note) exercisable for, or convertible into or exchangeable for shares of 
Common Stock and 15,384,615 shares are reserved for issuance upon 
conversion of the Note. All of such outstanding shares of capital stock 
are, or upon issuance will be, duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid 
and non-assessable. No shares of capital stock of the Company are subject 
to preemptive rights or any other similar rights of the shareholders of the 
Company or any liens or encumbrances imposed through the actions or failure 
to act of the Company. Except as disclosed in the SEC Documents, as of the 
effective date of this Agreement, (i) there are no outstanding options, 
warrants, scrip, rights to subscribe for, puts, calls, rights of first 
refusal, agreements, understandings, claims or other commitments or rights 
of any character whatsoever relating to, or securities or rights 
convertible into or exchangeable for any shares of capital stock of the 
Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or arrangements by which the Company or 
any of its Subsidiaries is or may become bound to issue additional shares 
of capital stock of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, (ii) there are 
no agreements or arrangements under which the Company or any of its 
Subsidiaries is obligated to register the sale of any of its or their 
securities under the 1933 Act and (iii) there are no anti-dilution or price 
adjustment provisions contained in any security issued by the Company (or 
in any agreement providing rights to security holders) that will be 
triggered by the issuance of the Note or the Conversion Shares. The Company 
has filed in its SEC Documents true and correct copies of the Company’s 
Certificate of Incorporation as in effect on the date hereof (“Certificate 
of Incorporation”), the Company’s By-laws, as in effect on the date hereof 
(the “By-laws”), and the terms of all securities convertible into or 
exercisable for Common Stock of the Company and the material rights of the 
holders thereof in respect thereto. The Company shall provide the Buyer 
with a written update of this representation signed by the Company’s Chief 
Executive on behalf of the Company as of the Closing Date.
 
d. Issuance of Shares. The issuance of the Note is duly authorized and, 
upon issuance in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, will be 
validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable and free from all preemptive 
or similar rights, taxes, liens, charges and other encumbrances with 
respect to the issue thereof. The Conversion Shares are duly authorized and 
reserved for issuance and, upon conversion of the Note in accordance with 
its respective terms, will be validly issued, fully paid and 
non-assessable, and free from all taxes, liens, claims and encumbrances 
with respect to the issue thereof and shall not be subject to preemptive 
rights or other similar rights of shareholders of the Company and will not 
impose personal liability upon the holder thereof.
 

  	6 	 

 

 
e. Acknowledgment of Dilution. The Company understands and acknowledges the 
potentially dilutive effect to the Common Stock upon the issuance of the 
Conversion Shares upon conversion of the Note. The Company further 
acknowledges that its obligation to issue Conversion Shares upon conversion 
of the Note in accordance with this Agreement, the Note is absolute and 
unconditional regardless of the dilutive effect that such issuance may have 
on the ownership interests of other shareholders of the Company.
 
f. No Conflicts. The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement 
and the Note by the Company and the consummation by the Company of the 
transactions contemplated hereby and thereby (including, without 
limitation, the issuance and reservation for issuance of the Conversion 
Shares) will not (i) conflict with or result in a violation of any 
provision of the Certificate of Incorporation or By-laws, or (ii) violate 
or conflict with, or result in a breach of any provision of, or constitute 
a default (or an event which with notice or lapse of time or both could 
become a default) under, or give to others any rights of termination, 
amendment, acceleration or cancellation of, any agreement, indenture, 
patent, patent license or instrument to which the Company or any of its 
Subsidiaries is a party, or (iii) result in a violation of any law, rule, 
regulation, order, judgment or decree (including federal and state 
securities laws and regulations and regulations of any self-regulatory 
organizations to which the Company or its securities are subject) 
applicable to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or by which any 
property or asset of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is bound or 
affected (except for such conflicts, defaults, terminations, amendments, 
accelerations, cancellations and violations as would not, individually or 
in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect). Neither the Company nor 
any of its Subsidiaries is in violation of its Certificate of 
Incorporation, By-laws or other organizational documents and neither the 
Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is in default (and no event has 
occurred which with notice or lapse of time or both could put the Company 
or any of its Subsidiaries in default) under, and neither the Company nor 
any of its Subsidiaries has taken any action or failed to take any action 
that would give to others any rights of termination, amendment, 
acceleration or cancellation of, any agreement, indenture or instrument to 
which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is a party or by which any 
property or assets of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is bound or 
affected, except for possible defaults as would not, individually or in the 
aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect. The businesses of the Company 
and its Subsidiaries, if any, are not being conducted, and shall not be 
conducted so long as the Buyer owns any of the Securities, in violation of 
any law, ordinance or regulation of any governmental entity. Except as 
specifically contemplated by this Agreement and as required under the 1933 
Act and any applicable state securities laws, the Company is not required 
to obtain any consent, authorization or order of, or make any filing or 
registration with, any court, governmental agency, regulatory agency, 
self-regulatory organization or stock market or any third party in order 
for it to execute, deliver or perform any of its obligations under this 
Agreement, the Note in accordance with the terms hereof or thereof or to 
issue and sell the Note in accordance with the terms hereof and to issue 
the Conversion Shares upon conversion of the Note. All consents, 
authorizations, orders, filings and registrations which the Company is 
required to obtain pursuant to the preceding sentence have been obtained or 
effected on or prior to the date hereof. The Company is not in violation of 
the listing requirements of the OTC Pink (the “OTC Pink”), the OTCQB or any 
similar quotation system, and does not reasonably anticipate that the 
Common Stock will be delisted by the OTC Pink, the OTCQB or any similar 
quotation system, in the foreseeable future nor are the Company's 
securities “chilled” by DTC. The Company and its Subsidiaries are unaware 
of any facts or circumstances which might give rise to any of the 
foregoing.
 

  	7 	 

 

 
g. SEC Documents; Financial Statements. The Company has timely filed all 
reports, schedules, forms, statements and other documents required to be 
filed by it with the SEC pursuant to the reporting requirements of the 
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “1934 Act”) (all of the 
foregoing filed prior to the date hereof and all exhibits included therein 
and financial statements and schedules thereto and documents (other than 
exhibits to such documents) incorporated by reference therein, being 
hereinafter referred to herein as the “SEC Documents”). The Company has 
delivered to the Buyer true and complete copies of the SEC Documents, 
except for such exhibits and incorporated documents. As of their respective 
dates, the SEC Documents complied in all material respects with the 
requirements of the 1934 Act and the rules and regulations of the SEC 
promulgated thereunder applicable to the SEC Documents, and none of the SEC 
Documents, at the time they were filed with the SEC, contained any untrue 
statement of a material fact or omitted to state a material fact required 
to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, 
in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. 
None of the statements made in any such SEC Documents is, or has been, 
required to be amended or updated under applicable law (except for such 
statements as have been amended or updated in subsequent filings prior the 
date hereof). As of their respective dates, the financial statements of the 
Company included in the SEC Documents complied as to form in all material 
respects with applicable accounting requirements and the published rules 
and regulations of the SEC with respect thereto. Such financial statements 
have been prepared in accordance with United States generally accepted 
accounting principles, consistently applied, during the periods involved 
and fairly present in all material respects the consolidated financial 
position of the Company and its consolidated Subsidiaries as of the dates 
thereof and the consolidated results of their operations and cash flows for 
the periods then ended (subject, in the case of unaudited statements, to 
normal year-end audit adjustments). Except as set forth in the financial 
statements of the Company included in the SEC Documents, the Company has no 
liabilities, contingent or otherwise, other than (i) liabilities incurred 
in the ordinary course of business subsequent to September 30, 2017, and 
(ii) obligations under contracts and commitments incurred in the ordinary 
course of business and not required under generally accepted accounting 
principles to be reflected in such financial statements, which, 
individually or in the aggregate, are not material to the financial 
condition or operating results of the Company. The Company is subject to 
the reporting requirements of the 1934 Act. For the avoidance of doubt, 
filing of the documents required in this Section 3(g) via the SEC’s 
Electronic Data Gathering, Analysis, and Retrieval system (“EDGAR”) shall 
satisfy all delivery requirements of this Section 3(g).
 

  	8 	 

 

 
h. Absence of Certain Changes. Since September 30, 2017, there has been no 
material adverse change and no material adverse development in the assets, 
liabilities, business, properties, operations, financial condition, results 
of operations, prospects or 1934 Act reporting status of the Company or any 
of its Subsidiaries.
 
i. Absence of Litigation. There is no action, suit, claim, proceeding, 
inquiry or investigation before or by any court, public board, government 
agency, self-regulatory organization or body pending or, to the knowledge 
of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, threatened against or affecting 
the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or their officers or directors in 
their capacity as such, that could have a Material Adverse Effect. Schedule 
3(i) contains a complete list and summary description of any pending or, to 
the knowledge of the Company, threatened proceeding against or affecting 
the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, without regard to whether it would 
have a Material Adverse Effect. The Company and its Subsidiaries are 
unaware of any facts or circumstances which might give rise to any of the 
foregoing.
 
j. Patents, Copyrights, etc. The Company and each of its Subsidiaries owns 
or possesses the requisite licenses or rights to use all patents, patent 
applications, patent rights, inventions, know-how, trade secrets, 
trademarks, trademark applications, service marks, service names, trade 
names and copyrights (“Intellectual Property”) necessary to enable it to 
conduct its business as now operated (and, as presently contemplated to be 
operated in the future). Except as disclosed in the SEC Documents, there is 
no claim or action by any person pertaining to, or proceeding pending, or 
to the Company’s knowledge threatened, which challenges the right of the 
Company or of a Subsidiary with respect to any Intellectual Property 
necessary to enable it to conduct its business as now operated (and, as 
presently contemplated to be operated in the future); to the best of the 
Company’s knowledge, the Company’s or its Subsidiaries’ current and 
intended products, services and processes do not infringe on any 
Intellectual Property or other rights held by any person; and the Company 
is unaware of any facts or circumstances which might give rise to any of 
the foregoing. The Company and each of its Subsidiaries have taken 
reasonable security measures to protect the secrecy, confidentiality and 
value of their Intellectual Property.
 
k. No Materially Adverse Contracts, Etc. Neither the Company nor any of its 
Subsidiaries is subject to any charter, corporate or other legal 
restriction, or any judgment, decree, order, rule or regulation which in 
the judgment of the Company’s officers has or is expected in the future to 
have a Material Adverse Effect. Neither the Company nor any of its 
Subsidiaries is a party to any contract or agreement which in the judgment 
of the Company’s officers has or is expected to have a Material Adverse 
Effect.
 

  	9 	 

 

 
l. Tax Status. The Company and each of its Subsidiaries has made or filed 
all federal, state and foreign income and all other tax returns, reports 
and declarations required by any jurisdiction to which it is subject 
(unless and only to the extent that the Company and each of its 
Subsidiaries has set aside on its books provisions reasonably adequate for 
the payment of all unpaid and unreported taxes) and has paid all taxes and 
other governmental assessments and charges that are material in amount, 
shown or determined to be due on such returns, reports and declarations, 
except those being contested in good faith and has set aside on its books 
provisions reasonably adequate for the payment of all taxes for periods 
subsequent to the periods to which such returns, reports or declarations 
apply. There are no unpaid taxes in any material amount claimed to be due 
by the taxing authority of any jurisdiction, and the officers of the 
Company know of no basis for any such claim. The Company has not executed a 
waiver with respect to the statute of limitations relating to the 
assessment or collection of any foreign, federal, state or local tax. None 
of the Company’s tax returns is presently being audited by any taxing 
authority.
 
m. Certain Transactions. Except for arm’s length transactions pursuant to 
which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries makes payments in the ordinary 
course of business upon terms no less favorable than the Company or any of 
its Subsidiaries could obtain from third parties and other than the grant 
of stock options disclosed on Schedule 3(c), none of the officers, 
directors, or employees of the Company is presently a party to any 
transaction with the Company or any of its Subsidiaries (other than for 
services as employees, officers and directors), including any contract, 
agreement or other arrangement providing for the furnishing of services to 
or by, providing for rental of real or personal property to or from, or 
otherwise requiring payments to or from any officer, director or such 
employee or, to the knowledge of the Company, any corporation, partnership, 
trust or other entity in which any officer, director, or any such employee 
has a substantial interest or is an officer, director, trustee or partner.
 
n. Disclosure. All information relating to or concerning the Company or any 
of its Subsidiaries set forth in this Agreement and provided to the Buyer 
pursuant to Section 2(d) hereof and otherwise in connection with the 
transactions contemplated hereby is true and correct in all material 
respects and the Company has not omitted to state any material fact 
necessary in order to make the statements made herein or therein, in light 
of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. No event 
or circumstance has occurred or exists with respect to the Company or any 
of its Subsidiaries or its or their business, properties, prospects, 
operations or financial conditions, which, under applicable law, rule or 
regulation, requires public disclosure or announcement by the Company but 
which has not been so publicly announced or disclosed (assuming for this 
purpose that the Company’s reports filed under the 1934 Act are being 
incorporated into an effective registration statement filed by the Company 
under the 1933 Act).
 
o. Acknowledgment Regarding Buyer’ Purchase of Securities. The Company 
acknowledges and agrees that the Buyer is acting solely in the capacity of 
arm’s length purchasers with respect to this Agreement and the transactions 
contemplated hereby. The Company further acknowledges that the Buyer is not 
acting as a financial advisor or fiduciary of the Company (or in any 
similar capacity) with respect to this Agreement and the transactions 
contemplated hereby and any statement made by the Buyer or any of its 
respective representatives or agents in connection with this Agreement and 
the transactions contemplated hereby is not advice or a recommendation and 
is merely incidental to the Buyer’ purchase of the Securities. The Company 
further represents to the Buyer that the Company’s decision to enter into 
this Agreement has been based solely on the independent evaluation of the 
Company and its representatives.
 

  	10 	 

 

 
p. No Integrated Offering. Neither the Company, nor any of its affiliates, 
nor any person acting on its or their behalf, has directly or indirectly 
made any offers or sales in any security or solicited any offers to buy any 
security under circumstances that would require registration under the 1933 
Act of the issuance of the Securities to the Buyer. The issuance of the 
Securities to the Buyer will not be integrated with any other issuance of 
the Company’s securities (past, current or future) for purposes of any 
shareholder approval provisions applicable to the Company or its 
securities.
 
q. No Brokers. The Company has taken no action which would give rise to any 
claim by any person for brokerage commissions, transaction fees or similar 
payments relating to this Agreement or the transactions contemplated 
hereby.
 
r.   Permits; Compliance. The Company and each of its Subsidiaries is in 
possession of all franchises, grants, authorizations, licenses, permits, 
easements, variances, exemptions, consents, certificates, approvals and 
orders necessary to own, lease and operate its properties and to carry on 
its business as it is now being conducted (collectively, the “Company 
Permits”), and there is no action pending or, to the knowledge of the 
Company, threatened regarding suspension or cancellation of any of the 
Company Permits. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is in 
conflict with, or in default or violation of, any of the Company Permits, 
except for any such conflicts, defaults or violations which, individually 
or in the aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to have a Material 
Adverse Effect. Since September 30, 2017, neither the Company nor any of 
its Subsidiaries has received any notification with respect to possible 
conflicts, defaults or violations of applicable laws, except for notices 
relating to possible conflicts, defaults or violations, which conflicts, 
defaults or violations would not have a Material Adverse Effect.
 
s. Environmental Matters.
 
(i) There are, to the Company’s knowledge, with respect to the Company or 
any of its Subsidiaries or any predecessor of the Company, no past or 
present violations of Environmental Laws (as defined below), releases of 
any material into the environment, actions, activities, circumstances, 
conditions, events, incidents, or contractual obligations which may give 
rise to any common law environmental liability or any liability under the 
Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act of 
1980 or similar federal, state, local or foreign laws and neither the 
Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has received any notice with respect to 
any of the foregoing, nor is any action pending or, to the Company’s 
knowledge, threatened in connection with any of the foregoing. The term 
“Environmental Laws” means all federal, state, local or foreign laws 
relating to pollution or protection of human health or the environment 
(including, without limitation, ambient air, surface water, groundwater, 
land surface or subsurface strata), including, without limitation, laws 
relating to emissions, discharges, releases or threatened releases of 
chemicals, pollutants contaminants, or toxic or hazardous substances or 
wastes (collectively, “Hazardous Materials”) into the environment, or 
otherwise relating to the manufacture, processing, distribution, use, 
treatment, storage, disposal, transport or handling of Hazardous Materials, 
as well as all authorizations, codes, decrees, demands or demand letters, 
injunctions, judgments, licenses, notices or notice letters, orders, 
permits, plans or regulations issued, entered, promulgated or approved 
thereunder.
 

  	11 	 

 

 
(ii) Other than those that are or were stored, used or disposed of in 
compliance with applicable law, no Hazardous Materials are contained on or 
about any real property currently owned, leased or used by the Company or 
any of its Subsidiaries, and no Hazardous Materials were released on or 
about any real property previously owned, leased or used by the Company or 
any of its Subsidiaries during the period the property was owned, leased or 
used by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, except in the normal course 
of the Company’s or any of its Subsidiaries’ business.
 
(iii) There are no underground storage tanks on or under any real property 
owned, leased or used by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries that are 
not in compliance with applicable law.
 
t. Title to Property. Except as disclosed in the SEC Documents the Company 
and its Subsidiaries have good and marketable title in fee simple to all 
real property and good and marketable title to all personal property owned 
by them which is material to the business of the Company and its 
Subsidiaries, in each case free and clear of all liens, encumbrances and 
defects or such as would not have a Material Adverse Effect. Any real 
property and facilities held under lease by the Company and its 
Subsidiaries are held by them under valid, subsisting and enforceable 
leases with such exceptions as would not have a Material Adverse Effect.
 
u. Internal Accounting Controls. Except as disclosed in the SEC Documents 
the Company and each of its Subsidiaries maintain a system of internal 
accounting controls sufficient, in the judgment of the Company’s board of 
directors, to provide reasonable assurance that (i) transactions are 
executed in accordance with management’s general or specific 
authorizations, (ii) transactions are recorded as necessary to permit 
preparation of financial statements in conformity with generally accepted 
accounting principles and to maintain asset accountability, (iii) access to 
assets is permitted only in accordance with management’s general or 
specific authorization and (iv) the recorded accountability for assets is 
compared with the existing assets at reasonable intervals and appropriate 
action is taken with respect to any differences.
 

  	12 	 

 

 
v. Foreign Corrupt Practices. Neither the Company, nor any of its 
Subsidiaries, nor any director, officer, agent, employee or other person 
acting on behalf of the Company or any Subsidiary has, in the course of his 
actions for, or on behalf of, the Company, used any corporate funds for any 
unlawful contribution, gift, entertainment or other unlawful expenses 
relating to political activity; made any direct or indirect unlawful 
payment to any foreign or domestic government official or employee from 
corporate funds; violated or is in violation of any provision of the U.S. 
Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended, or made any bribe, 
rebate, payoff, influence payment, kickback or other unlawful payment to 
any foreign or domestic government official or employee.
 
w. Solvency. The Company (after giving effect to the transactions 
contemplated by this Agreement) is solvent (i.e., its assets have a fair 
market value in excess of the amount required to pay its probable 
liabilities on its existing debts as they become absolute and matured) and 
currently the Company has no information that would lead it to reasonably 
conclude that the Company would not, after giving effect to the transaction 
contemplated by this Agreement, have the ability to, nor does it intend to 
take any action that would impair its ability to, pay its debts from time 
to time incurred in connection therewith as such debts mature. The Company 
did not receive a qualified opinion from its auditors with respect to its 
most recent fiscal year end and, after giving effect to the transactions 
contemplated by this Agreement, does not anticipate or know of any basis 
upon which its auditors might issue a qualified opinion in respect of its 
current fiscal year. For the avoidance of doubt any disclosure of the 
Borrower’s ability to continue as a “going concern” shall not, by itself, 
be a violation of this Section 3(w).
 
x. No Investment Company. The Company is not, and upon the issuance and 
sale of the Securities as contemplated by this Agreement will not be an 
“investment company” required to be registered under the Investment Company 
Act of 1940 (an “Investment Company”). The Company is not controlled by an 
Investment Company.
 
y. Insurance. The Company and each of its Subsidiaries are insured by 
insurers of recognized financial responsibility against such losses and 
risks and in such amounts as management of the Company believes to be 
prudent and customary in the businesses in which the Company and its 
Subsidiaries are engaged. Neither the Company nor any such Subsidiary has 
any reason to believe that it will not be able to renew its existing 
insurance coverage as and when such coverage expires or to obtain similar 
coverage from similar insurers as may be necessary to continue its business 
at a cost that would not have a Material Adverse Effect. Upon written 
request the Company will provide to the Buyer true and correct copies of 
all policies relating to directors’ and officers’ liability coverage, 
errors and omissions coverage, and commercial general liability coverage.
 
z. Bad Actor. No officer or director of the Company would be disqualified 
under Rule 506(d) of the Securities Act as amended on the basis of being a 
“bad actor” as that term is established in the September 19, 2013 Small 
Entity Compliance Guide published by the SEC.
 

  	13 	 

 

 
aa. Shell Status. The Company represents that it is not a “shell” issuer 
and has never been a “shell” issuer, or that if it previously has been a 
“shell” issuer, that at least twelve (12) months have passed since the 
Company has reported Form 10 type information indicating that it is no 
longer a “shell” issuer. Further, the Company will instruct its counsel to 
either (i) write a 144- 3(a)(9) opinion to allow for salability of the 
Conversion Shares or (ii) accept such opinion from Holder’s counsel.
 
bb. No-Off Balance Sheet Arrangements. There is no transaction, 
arrangement, or other relationship between the Company or any of its 
Subsidiaries and an unconsolidated or other off balance sheet entity that 
is required to be disclosed by the Company in its 1934 Act filings and is 
not so disclosed or that otherwise could be reasonably likely to have a 
Material Adverse Effect.
 
cc. Manipulation of Price. The Company has not, and to its knowledge no one 
acting on its behalf has: (i) taken, directly or indirectly, any action 
designed to cause or to result, or that could reasonably be expected to 
cause or result, in the stabilization or manipulation of the price of any 
security of the Company to facilitate the sale or resale of any of the 
Securities, (ii) sold, bid for, purchased, or paid any compensation for 
soliciting purchases of, any of the Securities, or (iii) paid or agreed to 
pay to any person any compensation for soliciting another to purchase any 
other securities of the Company.
 
dd.  Sarbanes-Oxley Act. The Company and each Subsidiary is in material 
compliance with all applicable requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 
2002 that are effective as of the date hereof, and all applicable rules and 
regulations promulgated by the SEC thereunder that are effective as of the 
date hereof.
 
ee. Employee Relations. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is 
a party to any collective bargaining agreement or employs any member of a 
union. The Company believes that its and its Subsidiaries’ relations with 
their respective employees are good. No executive officer (as defined in 
Rule 501(f) promulgated under the 1933 Act) or other key employee of the 
Company or any of its Subsidiaries has notified the Company or any such 
Subsidiary that such officer intends to leave the Company or any such 
Subsidiary or otherwise terminate such officer’s employment with the 
Company or any such Subsidiary. To the knowledge of the Company, no 
executive officer or other key employee of the Company or any of its 
Subsidiaries is, or is now expected to be, in violation of any material 
term of any employment contract, confidentiality, disclosure or proprietary 
information agreement, non-competition agreement, or any other contract or 
agreement or any restrictive covenant, and the continued employment of each 
such executive officer or other key employee (as the case may be) does not 
subject the Company or any of its Subsidiaries to any liability with 
respect to any of the foregoing matters. The Company and its Subsidiaries 
are in compliance with all federal, state, local and foreign laws and 
regulations respecting labor, employment and employment practices and 
benefits, terms and conditions of employment and wages and hours, except 
where failure to be in compliance would not, either individually or in the 
aggregate, reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.
 

  	14 	 

 

 
ff. Breach of Representations and Warranties by the Company. The Company 
agrees that if the Company breaches any of the representations or 
warranties set forth in this Section 3, and in addition to any other 
remedies available to the Buyer pursuant to this Agreement and it being 
considered an Event of Default under Section 3.5 of the Note, the Company 
shall pay to the Buyer the Standard Liquidated Damages Amount in cash or in 
shares of Common Stock at the option of the Company, until such breach is 
cured. If the Company elects to pay the Standard Liquidated Damages Amounts 
in shares of Common Stock, such shares shall be issued at the Conversion 
Price at the time of payment.
 
4. COVENANTS.
 
a. Best Efforts. The parties shall use their commercially reasonable best 
efforts to satisfy timely each of the conditions described in Section 7 and 
8 of this Agreement.
 
b. Form D; Blue Sky Laws. The Company agrees to file a Form D with respect 
to the Securities as required under Regulation D and to provide a copy 
thereof to the Buyer promptly after such filing. The Company shall, on or 
before the Closing Date, take such action as the Company shall reasonably 
determine is necessary to qualify the Securities for sale to the Buyer at 
the applicable closing pursuant to this Agreement under applicable 
securities or “blue sky” laws of the states of the United States (or to 
obtain an exemption from such qualification), and shall provide evidence of 
any such action so taken to the Buyer on or prior to the Closing Date.
 
c. Use of Proceeds. The Company shall use the proceeds from the sale of the 
Note for working capital and other general corporate purposes and shall 
not, directly or indirectly, use such proceeds for any loan to or 
investment in any other corporation, partnership, enterprise or other 
person (except in connection with its currently existing direct or indirect 
Subsidiaries).
 

  	15 	 

 

 
d. Right of First Refusal. Unless it shall have first delivered to the 
Buyer, at least seventy two (72) hours prior to the closing of such Future 
Offering (as defined herein), written notice describing the proposed Future 
Offering, including the terms and conditions thereof, and providing the 
Buyer an option during the seventy two (72) hour period following delivery 
of such notice to purchase the securities being offered in the Future 
Offering on the same terms as contemplated by such Future Offering (the 
limitations referred to in this sentence and the preceding sentence are 
collectively referred to as the “Right of First Refusal”) (and subject to 
the exceptions described below), the Company will not conduct any equity 
financing (including debt with an equity component) (“Future Offerings”) 
during the period beginning on the Closing Date and ending twelve (12) 
months following the Closing Date. In the event the terms and conditions of 
a proposed Future Offering are amended in any respect after delivery of the 
notice to the Buyer concerning the proposed Future Offering, the Company 
shall deliver a new notice to the Buyer describing the amended terms and 
conditions of the proposed Future Offering and the Buyer thereafter shall 
have an option during the seventy two (72) hour period following delivery 
of such new notice to purchase its pro rata share of the securities being 
offered on the same terms as contemplated by such proposed Future Offering, 
as amended. The foregoing sentence shall apply to successive amendments to 
the terms and conditions of any proposed Future Offering. The Right of 
First Refusal shall not apply to any transaction involving (i) issuances of 
securities in a firm commitment underwritten public offering (excluding a 
continuous offering pursuant to Rule 415 under the 1933 Act), (ii) 
issuances to employees, officers, directors, contractors, consultants or 
other advisors approved by the Board, (iii) issuances to strategic partners 
or other parties in connection with a commercial relationship, or providing 
the Company with equipment leases, real property leases or similar 
transactions approved by the Board (iv) issuances of securities as 
consideration for a merger, consolidation or purchase of assets, or in 
connection with any strategic partnership or joint venture (the primary 
purpose of which is not to raise equity capital), or in connection with the 
disposition or acquisition of a business, product or license by the 
Company. The Right of First Refusal also shall not apply to the issuance of 
securities upon exercise or conversion of the Company’s options, warrants 
or other convertible securities outstanding as of the date hereof or to the 
grant of additional options or warrants, or the issuance of additional 
securities, under any Company stock option or restricted stock plan 
approved by the shareholders of the Company.
 
e. Expenses. The Company shall reimburse Buyer for any and all expenses 
incurred by them in connection with the negotiation, preparation, 
execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and the other 
agreements to be executed in connection herewith (“Documents”), including, 
without limitation, reasonable attorneys’ and consultants’ fees and 
expenses, transfer agent fees, fees for stock quotation services, fees 
relating to any amendments or modifications of the Documents or any 
consents or waivers of provisions in the Documents, fees for the 
preparation of opinions of counsel, escrow fees, and costs of restructuring 
the transactions contemplated by the Documents. When possible, the Company 
must pay these fees directly, including, but not limited to, any and all 
wire fees, otherwise the Company must make immediate payment for 
reimbursement to the Buyer for all fees and expenses immediately upon 
written notice by the Buyer or the submission of an invoice by the Buyer. 
At Closing, the Company’s initial obligation with respect to this 
transaction is to reimburse Buyer’s legal expenses shall be $2,750.00 plus 
the cost of wire fees.
 
f. Financial Information. The Company agrees to send or make available the 
following reports to the Buyer until the Buyer transfers, assigns, or sells 
all of the Securities: (i) within ten (10) days after the filing with the 
SEC, a copy of its Annual Report on Form 10-K its Quarterly Reports on Form 
10-Q and any Current Reports on Form 8-K; (ii) within one (1) day after 
release, copies of all press releases issued by the Company or any of its 
Subsidiaries; and (iii) contemporaneously with the making available or 
giving to the shareholders of the Company, copies of any notices or other 
information the Company makes available or gives to such shareholders. For 
the avoidance of doubt, filing the documents required in (i) above via 
EDGAR or releasing any documents set forth in (ii) above via a recognized 
wire service shall satisfy the delivery requirements of this Section 4(f).
 

  	16 	 

 

 
g. Listing. The Company shall promptly secure the listing of the Conversion 
Shares upon each national securities exchange or automated quotation 
system, if any, upon which shares of Common Stock are then listed (subject 
to official notice of issuance) and, so long as the Buyer owns any of the 
Securities, shall maintain, so long as any other shares of Common Stock 
shall be so listed, such listing of all Conversion Shares from time to time 
issuable upon conversion of the Note. The Company will obtain and, so long 
as the Buyer owns any of the Securities, maintain the listing and trading 
of its Common Stock on the OTC Pink, OTCQB or any equivalent replacement 
exchange, the Nasdaq National Market (“Nasdaq”), the Nasdaq SmallCap Market 
(“Nasdaq SmallCap”), the New York Stock Exchange (“NYSE”), or the NYSE 
American and will comply in all respects with the Company’s reporting, 
filing and other obligations under the bylaws or rules of the Financial 
Industry Regulatory Authority (“FINRA”) and such exchanges, as applicable. 
The Company shall promptly provide to the Buyer copies of any material 
notices it receives from the OTC Pink, OTCQB and any other exchanges or 
quotation systems on which the Common Stock is then listed regarding the 
continued eligibility of the Common Stock for listing on such exchanges and 
quotation systems. The Company shall pay any and all fees and expenses in 
connection with satisfying its obligation under this Section 4(g).
 
h. Corporate Existence. So long as the Buyer beneficially owns any Note, 
the Company shall maintain its corporate existence and shall not sell all 
or substantially all of the Company’s assets, except in the event of a 
merger or consolidation or sale of all or substantially all of the 
Company’s assets, where the surviving or successor entity in such 
transaction (i) assumes the Company’s obligations hereunder and under the 
agreements and instruments entered into in connection herewith and (ii) is 
a publicly traded corporation whose Common Stock is listed for trading on 
the OTC Pink, OTCQB, Nasdaq, NasdaqSmallCap, NYSE or AMEX.
 
i. No Integration. The Company shall not make any offers or sales of any 
security (other than the Securities) under circumstances that would require 
registration of the Securities being offered or sold hereunder under the 
1933 Act or cause the offering of the Securities to be integrated with any 
other offering of securities by the Company for the purpose of any 
stockholder approval provision applicable to the Company or its securities.
 
j. Failure to Comply with the 1934 Act. So long as the Buyer beneficially 
owns the Note, the Company shall comply with the reporting requirements of 
the 1934 Act; and the Company shall continue to be subject to the reporting 
requirements of the 1934 Act.
 
k. Trading Activities. Neither the Buyer nor its affiliates has an open 
short position (or other hedging or similar transactions) in the common 
stock of the Company and the Buyer agree that it shall not, and that it 
will cause its affiliates not to, engage in any short sales of or hedging 
transactions with respect to the common stock of the Company.
 

  	17 	 

 

 
l. Restriction on Activities. Commencing as of the date first above 
written, and until the sooner of the six month anniversary of the date 
first written above or payment of the Note in full, or full conversion of 
the Note, the Company shall not, directly or indirectly, without the 
Buyer’s prior written consent, which consent shall not be unreasonably 
withheld: (a) change the nature of its business; (b) sell, divest, acquire, 
change the structure of any material assets other than in the ordinary 
course of business; or (c) solicit any offers for, respond to any 
unsolicited offers for, or conduct any negotiations with any other person 
or entity in respect of any variable rate debt transactions (i.e., 
transactions were the conversion or exercise price of the security issued 
by the Company varies based on the market price of the Common Stock) above 
$500,000, whether a transaction similar to the one contemplated hereby or 
any other investment; or (d) file any registration statements with the SEC.
 
m. Legal Counsel Opinions. Upon the request of the Buyer from to time to 
time, the Company shall be responsible (at its cost) for promptly (within 
two (2) business days from Buyer’s request) supplying to the Company’s 
transfer agent and the Buyer a customary legal opinion letter of its 
counsel (the “Legal Counsel Opinion”) to the effect that the sale of 
Conversion Shares by the Buyer or its affiliates, successors and assigns is 
exempt from the registration requirements of the 1933 Act pursuant to Rule 
144 (provided the requirements of Rule 144 are satisfied and provided the 
Conversion Shares are not then registered under the 1933 Act for resale 
pursuant to an effective registration statement). Should the Company’s 
legal counsel fail for any reason to issue the Legal Counsel Opinion, the 
Buyer may (at the Company’s cost) secure another legal counsel to issue the 
Legal Counsel Opinion, and the Company will instruct its transfer agent to 
accept such opinion.
 
n. Par Value. If the closing bid price at any time the Note is outstanding 
falls below $0.0001, the Company shall cause the par value of its Common 
Stock to be reduced to $0.0001 or less.
 
o. Breach of Covenants. The Company agrees that if the Company breaches any 
of the covenants set forth in this Section 4, and in addition to any other 
remedies available to the Buyer pursuant to this Agreement, it will be 
considered an Event of Default under Section 3.4 of the Note, the Company 
shall pay to the Buyer the Standard Liquidated Damages Amount in cash or in 
shares of Common Stock at the option of the Buyer, until such breach is 
cured, or with respect to Section 4(d) above, the Company shall pay to the 
Buyer the Standard Liquidated Damages Amount in cash or shares of Common 
Stock, at the option of the Buyer, upon each violation of such provision. 
If the Company elects to pay the Standard Liquidated Damages Amounts in 
shares of Common Stock, such shares shall be issued at the Conversion Price 
at the time of payment.
 

  	18 	 

 

 
5. Transaction Expense Amount.  Upon Closing, the Company shall pay Seven 
Thousand Two Hundred Fifty and No/100 United States Dollars (US$7,250.00) 
to Auctus Fund Management, LLC (“Auctus Management”) to cover  the Holder's 
due diligence, monitoring, and other transaction costs incurred for 
services rendered in connection herewith (the “Transaction Expense 
Amount”).  The Transaction Expense Amount shall be offset against the 
proceeds of the Note and shall be paid to Auctus Management upon the 
execution hereof.
 
6. Transfer Agent Instructions. The Company shall issue irrevocable 
instructions to its transfer agent to issue certificates, registered in the 
name of the Buyer or its nominee, for the Conversion Shares in such amounts 
as specified from time to time by the Buyer to the Company upon conversion 
of the Note in accordance with the terms thereof (the “Irrevocable Transfer 
Agent Instructions”).  In the event that the Borrower proposes to replace 
its transfer agent, the Borrower shall provide, prior to the effective date 
of such replacement, a fully executed Irrevocable Transfer Agent 
Instructions in a form as initially delivered pursuant to the Purchase 
Agreement (including but not limited to the provision to irrevocably 
reserve shares of Common Stock in the Reserved Amount) signed by the 
successor transfer agent to Borrower and the Borrower. Prior to 
registration of the Conversion Shares under the 1933 Act or the date on 
which the Conversion Shares may be sold pursuant to Rule 144 without any 
restriction as to the number of Securities as of a particular date that can 
then be immediately sold, all such certificates shall bear the restrictive 
legend specified in Section 2(g) of this Agreement.  The Company warrants 
that: (i) no instruction other than the Irrevocable Transfer Agent 
Instructions referred to in this Section, and stop transfer instructions to 
give effect to Section 2(f) hereof (in the case of the Conversion Shares, 
prior to registration of the Conversion Shares under the 1933 Act or the 
date on which the Conversion Shares may be sold pursuant to Rule 144 
without any restriction as to the number of Securities as of a particular 
date that can then be immediately sold), will be given by the Company to 
its transfer agent and that the Securities shall otherwise be freely 
transferable on the books and records of the Company as and to the extent 
provided in this Agreement and the Note; (ii) it will not direct its 
transfer agent not to transfer or delay, impair, and/or hinder its transfer 
agent in transferring (or issuing)(electronically or in certificated form) 
any certificate for Conversion Shares to be issued to the Buyer upon 
conversion of or otherwise pursuant to the Note as and when required by the 
Note and this Agreement; and (iii) it will not fail to remove (or directs 
its transfer agent not to remove or impairs, delays, and/or hinders its 
transfer agent from removing) any restrictive legend (or to withdraw any 
stop transfer instructions in respect thereof) on any certificate for any 
Conversion Shares issued to the Buyer upon conversion of or otherwise 
pursuant to the Note as and when required by the Note and this Agreement.  
Nothing in this Section shall affect in any way the Buyer’s obligations and 
agreement set forth in Section 2(g) hereof to comply with all applicable 
prospectus delivery requirements, if any, upon re-sale of the Securities.  
If the Buyer provides the Company, at the cost of the Company, with (i) an 
opinion of counsel in form, substance and scope customary for opinions in 
comparable transactions, to the effect that a public sale or transfer of 
such Securities may be made without registration under the 1933 Act and 
such sale or transfer is effected or (ii) the Buyer provides reasonable 
assurances that the Securities can be sold pursuant to Rule 144, the 
Company shall permit the transfer, and, in the case of the Conversion 
Shares, promptly instruct its transfer agent to issue one or more 
certificates, free from restrictive legend, in such name and in such 
denominations as specified by the Buyer.  The Company acknowledges that a 
breach by it of its obligations hereunder will cause irreparable harm to 
the Buyer, by vitiating the intent and purpose of the transactions 
contemplated hereby.  Accordingly, the Company acknowledges that the remedy 
at law for a breach of its obligations under this Section may be inadequate 
and agrees, in the event of a breach or threatened breach by the Company of 
the provisions of this Section, that the Buyer shall be entitled, in 
addition to all other available remedies, to an injunction restraining any 
breach and requiring immediate transfer, without the necessity of showing 
economic loss and without any bond or other security being required.
 

  	19 	 

 

 
7. CONDITIONS PRECEDENT TO THE COMPANY’S OBLIGATIONS TO SELL. The 
obligation of the Company hereunder to issue and sell the Note to the Buyer 
at the Closing is subject to the satisfaction, at or before the Closing 
Date of each of the following conditions thereto, provided that these 
conditions are for the Company’s sole benefit and may be waived by the 
Company at any time in its sole discretion:
 
a. The Buyer shall have executed this Agreement and delivered the same to 
the Company.
 
b. The Buyer shall have delivered the Purchase Price in accordance with 
Section 1(b) above.
 
c. The representations and warranties of the Buyer shall be true and 
correct in all material respects as of the date when made and as of the 
Closing Date as though made at that time (except for representations and 
warranties that speak as of a specific date), and the Buyer shall have 
performed, satisfied and complied in all material respects with the 
covenants, agreements and conditions required by this Agreement to be 
performed, satisfied or complied with by the Buyer at or prior to the 
Closing Date.
 
d. No litigation, statute, rule, regulation, executive order, decree, 
ruling or injunction shall have been enacted, entered, promulgated or 
endorsed by or in any court or governmental authority of competent 
jurisdiction or any self-regulatory organization having authority over the 
matters contemplated hereby which prohibits the consummation of any of the 
transactions contemplated by this Agreement.
 
8. CONDITIONS PRECEDENT TO THE BUYER’S OBLIGATION TO PURCHASE. The 
obligation of the Buyer hereunder to purchase the Note at the Closing is 
subject to the satisfaction, at or before the Closing Date of each of the 
following conditions, provided that these conditions are for the Buyer’s 
sole benefit and may be waived by the Buyer at any time in its sole 
discretion:
 
a. The Company shall have executed this Agreement and delivered the same to 
the Buyer.
 

  	20 	 

 

 
b. The Company shall have delivered to the Buyer the duly executed Note (in 
such denominations as the Buyer shall request) and in accordance with 
Section 1(b) above.
 
c. The Irrevocable Transfer Agent Instructions, in form and substance 
satisfactory to a majority-in-interest of the Buyer, shall have been 
delivered to and acknowledged in writing by the Company’s Transfer Agent.
 
d. The representations and warranties of the Company shall be true and 
correct in all material respects as of the date when made and as of the 
Closing Date as though made at such time (except for representations and 
warranties that speak as of a specific date) and the Company shall have 
performed, satisfied and complied in all material respects with the 
covenants, agreements and conditions required by this Agreement to be 
performed, satisfied or complied with by the Company at or prior to the 
Closing Date. The Buyer shall have received a certificate or certificates, 
executed by the chief executive officer of the Company, dated as of the 
Closing Date, to the foregoing effect and as to such other matters as may 
be reasonably requested by the Buyer including, but not limited to 
certificates with respect to the Company’s Certificate of Incorporation, 
By-laws and Board of Directors’ resolutions relating to the transactions 
contemplated hereby.
 
e. No litigation, statute, rule, regulation, executive order, decree, 
ruling or injunction shall have been enacted, entered, promulgated or 
endorsed by or in any court or governmental authority of competent 
jurisdiction or any self-regulatory organization having authority over the 
matters contemplated hereby which prohibits the consummation of any of the 
transactions contemplated by this Agreement.
 
f.   No event shall have occurred which could reasonably be expected to 
have a Material Adverse Effect on the Company including but not limited to 
a change in the 1934 Act reporting status of the Company or the failure of 
the Company to be timely in its 1934 Act reporting obligations.
 
g. The Conversion Shares shall have been authorized for quotation on the 
OTC Pink, OTCQB or any similar quotation system and trading in the Common 
Stock on the OTC Pink, OTCQB or any similar quotation system shall not have 
been suspended by the SEC or the OTC Pink, OTCQB or any similar quotation 
system.
 
h. The Buyer shall have received an officer’s certificate described in 
Section 3(c) above, dated as of the Closing Date.
 

  	21 	 

 

 
9. GOVERNING LAW; MISCELLANEOUS.
 
a. Governing Law. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in 
accordance with the laws of the State of Nevada without regard to 
principles of conflicts of laws. Any action brought by either party against 
the other concerning the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, the 
Note or any other agreement, certificate, instrument or document 
contemplated hereby shall be brought only in the state courts of 
Massachusetts or in the federal courts located in the state of 
Massachusetts. The parties to this Agreement hereby irrevocably waive any 
objection to jurisdiction and venue of any action instituted hereunder and 
shall not assert any defense based on lack of jurisdiction or venue or 
based upon forum non conveniens. EACH PARTY HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ANY 
RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO, AND AGREES NOT TO REQUEST, A JURY TRIAL FOR THE 
ADJUDICATION OF ANY DISPUTE HEREUNDER OR UNDER ANY OTHER TRANSACTION 
DOCUMENT OR IN CONNECTION WITH OR ARISING OUT OF THIS AGREEMENT, ANY OTHER 
TRANSACTION DOCUMENT OR ANY TRANSACTION CONTEMPLATED HEREBY OR THEREBY. The 
prevailing party shall be entitled to recover from the other party its 
reasonable attorney's fees and costs. In the event that any provision of 
this Agreement or any other agreement delivered in connection herewith is 
invalid or unenforceable under any applicable statute or rule of law, then 
such provision shall be deemed inoperative to the extent that it may 
conflict therewith and shall be deemed modified to conform with such 
statute or rule of law. Any such provision which may prove invalid or 
unenforceable under any law shall not affect the validity or enforceability 
of any other provision of any agreement. Each party hereby irrevocably 
waives personal service of process and consents to process being served in 
any suit, action or proceeding in connection with this Agreement or any 
other Transaction Document by mailing a copy thereof via registered or 
certified mail or overnight delivery (with evidence of delivery) to such 
party at the address in effect for notices to it under this Agreement and 
agrees that such service shall constitute good and sufficient service of 
process and notice thereof. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to 
limit in any way any right to serve process in any other manner permitted 
by law.
 
b. Counterparts; Signatures by Facsimile. This Agreement may be executed in 
one or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original but all 
of which shall constitute one and the same agreement and shall become 
effective when counterparts have been signed by each party and delivered to 
the other party. This Agreement, once executed by a party, may be delivered 
to the other party hereto by facsimile transmission of a copy of this 
Agreement bearing the signature of the party so delivering this Agreement.
 
c. Construction; Headings.  This Agreement shall be deemed to be jointly 
drafted by the Company and the Buyer and shall not be construed against any 
person as the drafter hereof. The headings of this Agreement are for 
convenience of reference only and shall not form part of, or affect the 
interpretation of, this Agreement.
 

  	22 	 

 

 
d. Severability. In the event that any provision of this Agreement is 
invalid or unenforceable under any applicable statute or rule of law, then 
such provision shall be deemed inoperative to the extent that it may 
conflict therewith and shall be deemed modified to conform with such 
statute or rule of law. Any provision hereof which may prove invalid or 
unenforceable under any law shall not affect the validity or enforceability 
of any other provision hereof.
 
e. Entire Agreement; Amendments. This Agreement, the Note and the 
instruments referenced herein contain the entire understanding of the 
parties with respect to the matters covered herein and therein and, except 
as specifically set forth herein or therein, neither the Company nor the 
Buyer makes any representation, warranty, covenant or undertaking with 
respect to such matters. No provision of this Agreement may be waived or 
amended other than by an instrument in writing signed by the majority in 
interest of the Buyer.
 
f. Notices. All notices, demands, requests, consents, approvals, and other 
communications required or permitted hereunder shall be in writing and, 
unless otherwise specified herein, shall be (i) personally served, (ii) 
deposited in the mail, registered or certified, return receipt requested, 
postage prepaid, (iii) delivered by reputable air courier service with 
charges prepaid, or (iv) transmitted by hand delivery, telegram, email, or 
facsimile, addressed as set forth below or to such other address as such 
party shall have specified most recently by written notice. Any notice or 
other communication required or permitted to be given hereunder shall be 
deemed effective (a) upon hand delivery or delivery by email or facsimile, 
with accurate confirmation generated by the transmitting facsimile machine, 
at the address or number designated below (if delivered on a business day 
during normal business hours where such notice is to be received), or the 
first business day following such delivery (if delivered other than on a 
business day during normal business hours where such notice is to be 
received) or (b) on the second business day following the date of mailing 
by express courier service, fully prepaid, addressed to such address, or 
upon actual receipt of such mailing, whichever shall first occur. The 
addresses for such communications shall be:
 
    If to the Company, to:
       
      Drone USA, Inc.
      16 Hamilton Street
      West Haven, CT 06516
      Attn: Michael Bannon
      E-mail: mike@droneusainc.com
       

  	23 	 

 

       
      If to the Buyer:
       
      Auctus Fund, LLC
      177 Huntington Avenue, 17th Floor
      Boston, MA 02115
      Attn: Lou Posner
      Facsimile: (617) 532-6420
       
    With a copy to (which copy shall not constitute notice):
       
      Chad Friend, Esq., LL.M.
      Legal & Compliance, LLC
      330 Clematis Street, Suite 217
      West Palm Beach, FL 33401
      E-mail: CFriend@LegalandCompliance.com
 
Each party shall provide notice to the other party of any change in 
address.
 
g. Successors and Assigns. This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure 
to the benefit of the parties and their successors and assigns. Neither the 
Company nor the Buyer shall assign this Agreement or any rights or 
obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of the other. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, subject to Section 2(f), the Buyer may 
assign its rights hereunder to any person that purchases Securities in a 
private transaction from the Buyer or to any of its “affiliates,” as that 
term is defined under the 1934 Act, without the consent of the Company.
 
h. Third Party Beneficiaries. This Agreement is intended for the benefit of 
the parties hereto and their respective permitted successors and assigns, 
and is not for the benefit of, nor may any provision hereof be enforced by, 
any other person.
 
i. Survival. The representations and warranties of the Company and the 
agreements and covenants set forth in this Agreement shall survive the 
closing hereunder not withstanding any due diligence investigation 
conducted by or on behalf of the Buyer. The Company agrees to indemnify and 
hold harmless the Buyer and all their officers, directors, employees and 
agents for loss or damage arising as a result of or related to any breach 
or alleged breach by the Company of any of its representations, warranties 
and covenants set forth in this Agreement or any of its covenants and 
obligations under this Agreement, including advancement of expenses as they 
are incurred.
 
j. Further Assurances. Each party shall do and perform, or cause to be done 
and performed, all such further acts and things, and shall execute and 
deliver all such other agreements, certificates, instruments and documents, 
as the other party may reasonably request in order to carry out the intent 
and accomplish the purposes of this Agreement and the consummation of the 
transactions contemplated hereby.
 

  	24 	 

 

 
k. No Strict Construction. The language used in this Agreement will be 
deemed to be the language chosen by the parties to express their mutual 
intent, and no rules of strict construction will be applied against any 
party.
 
l. Remedies. The Company acknowledges that a breach by it of its 
obligations hereunder will cause irreparable harm to the Buyer by vitiating 
the intent and purpose of the transaction contemplated hereby. Accordingly, 
the Company acknowledges that the remedy at law for a breach of its 
obligations under this Agreement will be inadequate and agrees, in the 
event of a breach or threatened breach by the Company of the provisions of 
this Agreement, that the Buyer shall be entitled, in addition to all other 
available remedies at law or in equity, and in addition to the penalties 
assessable herein, to an injunction or injunctions restraining, preventing 
or curing any breach of this Agreement and to enforce specifically the 
terms and provisions hereof, without the necessity of showing economic loss 
and without any bond or other security being required.
 
m. Publicity. The Company, and the Buyer shall have the right to review a 
reasonable period of time before issuance of any press releases, SEC, OTCQB 
or FINRA filings, or any other public statements with respect to the 
transactions contemplated hereby; provided, however, that the Company shall 
be entitled, without the prior approval of the Buyer, to make any press 
release or SEC, OTCQB (or other applicable trading market) or FINRA filings 
with respect to such transactions as is required by applicable law and 
regulations (although the Buyer shall be consulted by the Company in 
connection with any such press release prior to its release and shall be 
provided with a copy thereof and be given an opportunity to comment 
thereon).
 
n. Indemnification. In consideration of the Buyer’s execution and delivery 
of this Agreement and acquiring the Securities hereunder, and in addition 
to all of the Company’s other obligations under this Agreement or the Note, 
the Company shall defend, protect, indemnify and hold harmless the Buyer 
and its stockholders, partners, members, officers, directors, employees and 
direct or indirect investors and any of the foregoing persons’ agents or 
other representatives (including, without limitation, those retained in 
connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement) 
(collectively, the “Indemnitees”) from and against any and all actions, 
causes of action, suits, claims, losses, costs, penalties, fees, 
liabilities and damages, and expenses in connection therewith (irrespective 
of whether any such Indemnitee is a party to the action for which 
indemnification hereunder is sought), and including reasonable attorneys’ 
fees and disbursements (the “Indemnified Liabilities”), incurred by any 
Indemnitee as a result of, or arising out of, or relating to (a) any 
misrepresentation or breach of any representation or warranty made by the 
Company in this Agreement or the Note or any other agreement, certificate, 
instrument or document contemplated hereby or thereby, (b) any breach of 
any covenant, agreement or obligation of the Company contained in this 
Agreement or the Note or any other agreement, certificate, instrument or 
document contemplated hereby or thereby or (c) any cause of action, suit or 
claim brought or made against such Indemnitee by a third party (including 
for these purposes a derivative action brought on behalf of the Company) 
and arising out of or resulting from (i) the execution, delivery, 
performance or enforcement of this Agreement or the Note or any other 
agreement, certificate, instrument or document contemplated hereby or 
thereby, (ii) any transaction financed or to be financed in whole or in 
part, directly or indirectly, with the proceeds of the issuance of the 
Securities, or (iii) the status of the Buyer or holder of the Securities as 
an investor in the Company pursuant to the transactions contemplated by 
this Agreement. To the extent that the foregoing undertaking by the Company 
may be unenforceable for any reason, the Company shall make the maximum 
contribution to the payment and satisfaction of each of the Indemnified 
Liabilities that is permissible under applicable law.
 
[signature page follows]
 

  	25 	 

 

 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned Buyer and the Company have caused this 
Agreement to be duly executed as of the date first above written.
 
DRONE USA, INC. 	 
  	  	 
By: 	 	 
Name: 	Michael Bannon 	 
Title: 	Chief Executive Officer 	 
  	  	 
AUCTUS FUND, LLC   	 
  	  	 
By: 	 	 
Name: 	Lou Posner 	 
Title: 	Managing Director 	 
 
AGGREGATE SUBSCRIPTION AMOUNT: 	  	  	  	 
  	  	  	  	 
Aggregate Principal Amount of Note:	 	  	 US$ 	105,000.00 	 
  	  	  	  	 
Aggregate Purchase Price:	 	  	 US$ 	105,000.00 	 
 
 
26
 
 