 EX-10.1 2 f8k020718ex10-1_coates.htm CONVERTIBLE PROMISSORY NOTE ISSUED TO 
POWER UP LENDING GROUP, LTD., DATED FEBRUARY 5, 2018
EXHIBIT 10.1
 
NEITHER THE ISSUANCE AND SALE OF THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS 
CERTIFICATE NOR THE SECURITIES INTO WHICH THESE SECURITIES ARE CONVERTIBLE 
HAVE BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR 
APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. THE SECURITIES MAY NOT BE OFFERED FOR 
SALE, SOLD, TRANSFERRED OR ASSIGNED IN THE ABSENCE OF (A) AN EFFECTIVE 
REGISTRATION STATEMENT FOR THE SECURITIES UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, 
AS AMENDED, OR (B) AN OPINION OF COUNSEL (WHICH COUNSEL SHALL BE SELECTED 
BY THE HOLDER), IN A GENERALLY ACCEPTABLE FORM, THAT REGISTRATION IS NOT 
REQUIRED UNDER SAID ACT. NOTWITHSTANDING THE FOREGOING, THE SECURITIES MAY 
BE PLEDGED IN CONNECTION WITH A BONA FIDE MARGIN ACCOUNT OR OTHER LOAN OR 
FINANCING ARRANGEMENT SECURED BY THE SECURITIES.
     
Principal Amount: $33,000.00 	Issue Date: February 2, 2018
Purchase Price:  $33,000.00 	 
 
CONVERTIBLE PROMISSORY NOTE
 
FOR VALUE RECEIVED, COATES INTERNATIONAL, LTD., a Delaware corporation 
(hereinafter called the “Borrower”), hereby promises to pay to the order of 
POWER UP LENDING GROUP LTD., a Virginia corporation, or registered assigns 
(the “Holder”) the sum of $33,000.00 together with any interest as set 
forth herein, on November 15, 2018 (the “Maturity Date”), and to pay 
interest on the unpaid principal balance hereof at the rate of eight 
percent (8%)(the “Interest Rate”) per annum from the date hereof (the 
“Issue Date”) until the same becomes due and payable, whether at maturity 
or upon acceleration or by prepayment or otherwise. This Note may not be 
prepaid in whole or in part except as otherwise explicitly set forth 
herein. Any amount of principal or interest on this Note which is not paid 
when due shall bear interest at the rate of twenty two percent (22%) per 
annum from the due date thereof until the same is paid (“Default 
Interest”). Interest shall commence accruing on the date that the Note is 
fully paid and shall be computed on the basis of a 365-day year and the 
actual number of days elapsed. All payments due hereunder (to the extent 
not converted into common stock, $0.0001 par value per share (the “Common 
Stock”) in accordance with the terms hereof) shall be made in lawful money 
of the United States of America. All payments shall be made at such address 
as the Holder shall hereafter give to the Borrower by written notice made 
in accordance with the provisions of this Note. Each capitalized term used 
herein, and not otherwise defined, shall have the meaning ascribed thereto 
in that certain Securities Purchase Agreement dated the date hereof, 
pursuant to which this Note was originally issued (the “Purchase 
Agreement”).
 
This Note is free from all taxes, liens, claims and encumbrances with 
respect to the issue thereof and shall not be subject to preemptive rights 
or other similar rights of shareholders of the Borrower and will not impose 
personal liability upon the holder thereof.
 

 

 

 
The following terms shall apply to this Note:
 
Article I. CONVERSION RIGHTS
 
1.1 Conversion Right. The Holder shall have the right from time to time, 
and at any time during the period beginning on the date which is one 
hundred eighty (180) days following the date of this Note and ending on the 
later of: (i) the Maturity Date and (ii) the date of payment of the Default 
Amount (as defined in Article III), each in respect of the remaining 
outstanding principal amount of this Note to convert all or any part of the 
outstanding and unpaid principal amount of this Note into fully paid and 
non-assessable shares of Common Stock, as such Common Stock exists on the 
Issue Date, or any shares of capital stock or other securities of the 
Borrower into which such Common Stock shall hereafter be changed or 
reclassified at the conversion price (the “Conversion Price”) determined as 
provided herein (a “Conversion”); provided, however, that in no event shall 
the Holder be entitled to convert any portion of this Note in excess of 
that portion of this Note upon conversion of which the sum of (1) the 
number of shares of Common Stock beneficially owned by the Holder and its 
affiliates (other than shares of Common Stock which may be deemed 
beneficially owned through the ownership of the unconverted portion of the 
Notes or the unexercised or unconverted portion of any other security of 
the Borrower subject to a limitation on conversion or exercise analogous to 
the limitations contained herein) and (2) the number of shares of Common 
Stock issuable upon the conversion of the portion of this Note with respect 
to which the determination of this proviso is being made, would result in 
beneficial ownership by the Holder and its affiliates of more than 4.99% of 
the outstanding shares of Common Stock. For purposes of the proviso to the 
immediately preceding sentence, beneficial ownership shall be determined in 
accordance with Section 13(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as 
amended (the “Exchange Act”), and Regulations 13D-G thereunder, except as 
otherwise provided in clause (1) of such proviso. The beneficial ownership 
limitations on conversion as set forth in the section may NOT be waived by 
the Holder. The number of shares of Common Stock to be issued upon each 
conversion of this Note shall be determined by dividing the Conversion 
Amount (as defined below) by the applicable Conversion Price then in effect 
on the date specified in the notice of conversion, in the form attached 
hereto as Exhibit A (the “Notice of Conversion”), delivered to the Borrower 
by the Holder in accordance with Section 1.4 below; provided that the 
Notice of Conversion is submitted by facsimile or e-mail (or by other means 
resulting in, or reasonably expected to result in, notice) to the Borrower 
before 6:00 p.m., New York, New York time on such conversion date (the 
“Conversion Date”); however, if the Notice of Conversion is sent after 
6:00pm, New York, New York time the Conversion Date shall be the next 
business day. The term “Conversion Amount” means, with respect to any 
conversion of this Note, the sum of (1) the principal amount of this Note 
to be converted in such conversion plus (2) at the Holder’s option, accrued 
and unpaid interest, if any, on such principal amount at the interest rates 
provided in this Note to the Conversion Date, plus (3) at the Holder’s 
option, Default Interest, if any, on the amounts referred to in the 
immediately preceding clauses (1) and/or (2) plus (4) at the Holder’s 
option, any amounts owed to the Holder pursuant to Sections 1.4 hereof.
 
1.2 Conversion Price. The conversion price (the “Conversion Price”) shall 
equal the Variable Conversion Price (as defined herein) (subject to 
equitable adjustments by the Borrower relating to the Borrower’s securities 
or the securities of any subsidiary of the Borrower, combinations, 
recapitalization, reclassifications, extraordinary distributions and 
similar events). The "Variable Conversion Price" shall mean 61% multiplied 
by the Market Price (as defined herein) (representing a discount rate of 
39%). “Market Price” means the average of the lowest three (3) Trading 
Prices (as defined below) for the Common Stock during the ten (10) Trading 
Day period ending on the latest complete Trading Day prior to the 
Conversion Date. “Trading Price” means, for any security as of any date, 
the closing bid price on the OTCQB, OTCQX, Pink Sheets electronic quotation 
system or applicable trading market (the “OTC”) as reported by a reliable 
reporting service (“Reporting Service”) designated by the Holder (i.e. 
Bloomberg) or, if the OTC is not the principal trading market for such 
security, the closing bid price of such security on the principal 
securities exchange or trading market where such security is listed or 
traded or, if no closing bid price of such security is available in any of 
the foregoing manners, the average of the closing bid prices of any market 
makers for such security that are listed in the “pink sheets”. If the 
Trading Price cannot be calculated for such security on such date in the 
manner provided above, the Trading Price shall be the fair market value as 
mutually determined by the Borrower and the holders of a majority in 
interest of the Notes being converted for which the calculation of the 
Trading Price is required in order to determine the Conversion Price of 
such Notes. “Trading Day” shall mean any day on which the Common Stock is 
tradable for any period on the OTC, or on the principal securities exchange 
or other securities market on which the Common Stock is then being traded.
 

  	2 	 

 

 
1.3 Authorized Shares. The Borrower covenants that during the period the 
conversion right exists, the Borrower will reserve from its authorized and 
unissued Common Stock a sufficient number of shares, free from preemptive 
rights, to provide for the issuance of Common Stock upon the full 
conversion of this Note issued pursuant to the Purchase Agreement. The 
Borrower is required at all times to have authorized and reserved eight 
times the number of shares that would be issuable upon full conversion of 
the Note (assuming that the 4.99% limitation set forth in Section 1.1 is 
not in effect)(based on the respective Conversion Price of the Note (as 
defined in Section 1.2) in effect from time to time, initially 26,551,342
)(the “Reserved Amount”). The Reserved Amount shall be increased (or 
decreased with the written consent of the Holder) from time to time in 
accordance with the Borrower’s obligations hereunder. The Borrower 
represents that upon issuance, such shares will be duly and validly issued, 
fully paid and non-assessable. In addition, if the Borrower shall issue any 
securities or make any change to its capital structure which would change 
the number of shares of Common Stock into which the Notes shall be 
convertible at the then current Conversion Price, the Borrower shall at the 
same time make proper provision so that thereafter there shall be a 
sufficient number of shares of Common Stock authorized and reserved, free 
from preemptive rights, for conversion of the outstanding Note. The 
Borrower agrees that its issuance of this Note shall constitute full 
authority to its officers and agents who are charged with the duty of 
executing stock certificates to execute and issue the necessary 
certificates for shares of Common Stock in accordance with the terms and 
conditions of this Note.
 
If, at any time the Borrower does not maintain the Reserved Amount it will 
be considered an Event of Default under Section 3.2 of the Note.
 
1.4 Method of Conversion.
 
(a) Mechanics of Conversion. As set forth in Section 1.1 hereof, from time 
to time, and at any time during the period beginning on the date which is 
one hundred eighty (180) days following the date of this Note and ending on 
the later of: (i) the Maturity Date and (ii) the date of payment of the 
Default Amount, this Note may be converted by the Holder in whole or in 
part at any time from time to time after the Issue Date, by (A) submitting 
to the Borrower a Notice of Conversion (by facsimile, e-mail or other 
reasonable means of communication dispatched on the Conversion Date prior 
to 6:00 p.m., New York, New York time) and (B) subject to Section 1.4(b), 
surrendering this Note at the principal office of the Borrower (upon 
payment in full of any amounts owed hereunder).
 
(b) Surrender of Note Upon Conversion. Notwithstanding anything to the 
contrary set forth herein, upon conversion of this Note in accordance with 
the terms hereof, the Holder shall not be required to physically surrender 
this Note to the Borrower unless the entire unpaid principal amount of this 
Note is so converted. The Holder and the Borrower shall maintain records 
showing the principal amount so converted and the dates of such conversions 
or shall use such other method, reasonably satisfactory to the Holder and 
the Borrower, so as not to require physical surrender of this Note upon 
each such conversion.
 
(c) Delivery of Common Stock Upon Conversion. Upon receipt by the Borrower 
from the Holder of a facsimile transmission or e-mail (or other reasonable 
means of communication) of a Notice of Conversion meeting the requirements 
for conversion as provided in this Section 1.4, the Borrower shall issue 
and deliver or cause to be issued and delivered to or upon the order of the 
Holder certificates for the Common Stock issuable upon such conversion 
within three (3) business days after such receipt (the “Deadline”) (and, 
solely in the case of conversion of the entire unpaid principal amount 
hereof, surrender of this Note) in accordance with the terms hereof and the 
Purchase Agreement. Upon receipt by the Borrower of a Notice of Conversion, 
the Holder shall be deemed to be the holder of record of the Common Stock 
issuable upon such conversion, the outstanding principal amount and the 
amount of accrued and unpaid interest on this Note shall be reduced to 
reflect such conversion, and, unless the Borrower defaults on its 
obligations hereunder, all rights with respect to the portion of this Note 
being so converted shall forthwith terminate except the right to receive 
the Common Stock or other securities, cash or other assets, as herein 
provided, on such conversion. If the Holder shall have given a Notice of 
Conversion as provided herein, the Borrower’s obligation to issue and 
deliver the certificates for Common Stock shall be absolute and 
unconditional, irrespective of the absence of any action by the Holder to 
enforce the same, any waiver or consent with respect to any provision 
thereof, the recovery of any judgment against any person or any action to 
enforce the same, any failure or delay in the enforcement of any other 
obligation of the Borrower to the holder of record, or any setoff, 
counterclaim, recoupment, limitation or termination, or any breach or 
alleged breach by the Holder of any obligation to the Borrower, and 
irrespective of any other circumstance which might otherwise limit such 
obligation of the Borrower to the Holder in connection with such 
conversion.
 

  	3 	 

 

 
(d) Delivery of Common Stock by Electronic Transfer. In lieu of delivering 
physical certificates representing the Common Stock issuable upon 
conversion, provided the Borrower is participating in the Depository Trust 
Company (“DTC”) Fast Automated Securities Transfer (“FAST”) program, upon 
request of the Holder and its compliance with the provisions set forth 
herein, the Borrower shall use its best efforts to cause its transfer agent 
to electronically transmit the Common Stock issuable upon conversion to the 
Holder by crediting the account of Holder’s Prime Broker with DTC through 
its Deposit Withdrawal Agent Commission (“DWAC”) system.
 
(e) Failure to Deliver Common Stock Prior to Deadline. Without in any way 
limiting the Holder’s right to pursue other remedies, including actual 
damages and/or equitable relief, the parties agree that if delivery of the 
Common Stock issuable upon conversion of this Note is not delivered by the 
Deadline due to action and/or inaction of the Borrower, the Borrower shall 
pay to the Holder $2,000 per day in cash, for each day beyond the Deadline 
that the Borrower fails to deliver such Common Stock (the “Fail to Deliver 
Fee”); provided; however that the Fail to Deliver Fee shall not be due if 
the failure is a result of a third party (i.e., transfer agent; and not the 
result of any failure to pay such transfer agent) despite the best efforts 
of the Borrower to effect delivery of such Common Stock. Such cash amount 
shall be paid to Holder by the fifth day of the month following the month 
in which it has accrued or, at the option of the Holder (by written notice 
to the Borrower by the first day of the month following the month in which 
it has accrued), shall be added to the principal amount of this Note, in 
which event interest shall accrue thereon in accordance with the terms of 
this Note and such additional principal amount shall be convertible into 
Common Stock in accordance with the terms of this Note. The Borrower agrees 
that the right to convert is a valuable right to the Holder. The damages 
resulting from a failure, attempt to frustrate, interference with such 
conversion right are difficult if not impossible to qualify. Accordingly, 
the parties acknowledge that the liquidated damages provision contained in 
this Section 1.4(e) are justified.
 
1.5 Concerning the Shares. The shares of Common Stock issuable upon 
conversion of this Note may not be sold or transferred unless: (i) such 
shares are sold pursuant to an effective registration statement under the 
Act or (ii) the Borrower or its transfer agent shall have been furnished 
with an opinion of counsel (which opinion shall be in form, substance and 
scope customary for opinions of counsel in comparable transactions) to the 
effect that the shares to be sold or transferred may be sold or transferred 
pursuant to an exemption from such registration (such as Rule 144 or a 
successor rule) (“Rule 144”); or (iii) such shares are transferred to an 
“affiliate” (as defined in Rule 144) of the Borrower who agrees to sell or 
otherwise transfer the shares only in accordance with this Section 1.5 and 
who is an Accredited Investor (as defined in the Purchase Agreement).
 

  	4 	 

 

 
Any restrictive legend on certificates representing shares of Common Stock 
issuable upon conversion of this Note shall be removed and the Borrower 
shall issue to the Holder a new certificate therefore free of any transfer 
legend if the Borrower or its transfer agent shall have received an opinion 
of counsel from Holder’s counsel, in form, substance and scope customary 
for opinions of counsel in comparable transactions, to the effect that (i) 
a public sale or transfer of such Common Stock may be made without 
registration under the Act, which opinion shall be accepted by the Company 
so that the sale or transfer is effected; or (ii) in the case of the Common 
Stock issuable upon conversion of this Note, such security is registered 
for sale by the Holder under an effective registration statement filed 
under the Act; or otherwise may be sold pursuant to an exemption from 
registration. In the event that the Company does not reasonably accept the 
opinion of counsel provided by the Holder with respect to the transfer of 
Securities pursuant to an exemption from registration (such as Rule 144), 
at the Deadline, it will be considered an Event of Default pursuant to 
Section 3.2 of the Note.
 
1.6 Effect of Certain Events.
 
(a) Effect of Merger, Consolidation, Etc. At the option of the Holder, the 
sale, conveyance or disposition of all or substantially all of the assets 
of the Borrower, the effectuation by the Borrower of a transaction or 
series of related transactions in which more than 50% of the voting power 
of the Borrower is disposed of, or the consolidation, merger or other 
business combination of the Borrower with or into any other Person (as 
defined below) or Persons when the Borrower is not the survivor shall be 
deemed to be an Event of Default (as defined in Article III) pursuant to 
which the Borrower shall be required to pay to the Holder upon the 
consummation of and as a condition to such transaction an amount equal to 
the Default Amount (as defined in Article III). “Person” shall mean any 
individual, corporation, limited liability company, partnership, 
association, trust or other entity or organization.
 
(b) Adjustment Due to Merger, Consolidation, Etc. If, at any time when this 
Note is issued and outstanding and prior to conversion of all of the Note, 
there shall be any merger, consolidation, exchange of shares, 
recapitalization, reorganization, or other similar event, as a result of 
which shares of Common Stock of the Borrower shall be changed into the same 
or a different number of shares of another class or classes of stock or 
securities of the Borrower or another entity, or in case of any sale or 
conveyance of all or substantially all of the assets of the Borrower other 
than in connection with a plan of complete liquidation of the Borrower, 
then the Holder of this Note shall thereafter have the right to receive 
upon conversion of this Note, upon the basis and upon the terms and 
conditions specified herein and in lieu of the shares of Common Stock 
immediately theretofore issuable upon conversion, such stock, securities or 
assets which the Holder would have been entitled to receive in such 
transaction had this Note been converted in full immediately prior to such 
transaction (without regard to any limitations on conversion set forth 
herein), and in any such case appropriate provisions shall be made with 
respect to the rights and interests of the Holder of this Note to the end 
that the provisions hereof (including, without limitation, provisions for 
adjustment of the Conversion Price and of the number of shares issuable 
upon conversion of the Note) shall thereafter be applicable, as nearly as 
may be practicable in relation to any securities or assets thereafter 
deliverable upon the conversion hereof. The Borrower shall not affect any 
transaction described in this Section 1.6(b) unless (a) it first gives, to 
the extent practicable, ten (10) days prior written notice (but in any 
event at least five (5) days prior written notice) of the record date of 
the special meeting of shareholders to approve, or if there is no such 
record date, the consummation of, such merger, consolidation, exchange of 
shares, recapitalization, reorganization or other similar event or sale of 
assets (during which time the Holder shall be entitled to convert this 
Note) and (b) the resulting successor or acquiring entity (if not the 
Borrower) assumes by written instrument the obligations of this Note. The 
above provisions shall similarly apply to successive consolidations, 
mergers, sales, transfers or share exchanges.
 

  	5 	 

 

 
(c) Adjustment Due to Distribution. If the Borrower shall declare or make 
any distribution of its assets (or rights to acquire its assets) to holders 
of Common Stock as a dividend, stock repurchase, by way of return of 
capital or otherwise (including any dividend or distribution to the 
Borrower’s shareholders in cash or shares (or rights to acquire shares) of 
capital stock of a subsidiary (i.e., a spin-off)) (a “Distribution”), then 
the Holder of this Note shall be entitled, upon any conversion of this Note 
after the date of record for determining shareholders entitled to such 
Distribution, to receive the amount of such assets which would have been 
payable to the Holder with respect to the shares of Common Stock issuable 
upon such conversion had such Holder been the holder of such shares of 
Common Stock on the record date for the determination of shareholders 
entitled to such Distribution.
 
1.7 Prepayment. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this 
Note, at any time during the periods set forth on the table immediately 
following this paragraph (the “Prepayment Periods”), the Borrower shall 
have the right, exercisable on not more than three (3) Trading Days prior 
written notice to the Holder of the Note to prepay the outstanding Note 
(principal and accrued interest), in full, in accordance with this Section 
1.7. Any notice of prepayment hereunder (an “Optional Prepayment Notice”) 
shall be delivered to the Holder of the Note at its registered addresses 
and shall state: (1) that the Borrower is exercising its right to prepay 
the Note, and (2) the date of prepayment which shall be not more than three 
(3) Trading Days from the date of the Optional Prepayment Notice. On the 
date fixed for prepayment (the “Optional Prepayment Date”), the Borrower 
shall make payment of the Optional Prepayment Amount (as defined below) to 
Holder, or upon the direction of the Holder as specified by the Holder in a 
writing to the Borrower (which direction shall to be sent to Borrower by 
the Holder at least one (1) business day prior to the Optional Prepayment 
Date). If the Borrower exercises its right to prepay the Note, the Borrower 
shall make payment to the Holder of an amount in cash equal to the 
percentage (“Prepayment Percentage”) as set forth in the table immediately 
following this paragraph opposite the applicable Prepayment Period, 
multiplied by the sum of: (w) the then outstanding principal amount of this 
Note plus (x) accrued and unpaid interest on the unpaid principal amount of 
this Note to the Optional Prepayment Date plus (y) Default Interest, if 
any, on the amounts referred to in clauses (w) and (x) plus (z) any amounts 
owed to the Holder pursuant to Section 1.4 hereof (the “Optional Prepayment 
Amount”). If the Borrower delivers an Optional Prepayment Notice and fails 
to pay the Optional Prepayment Amount due to the Holder of the Note within 
two (2) business days following the Optional Prepayment Date, the Borrower 
shall forever forfeit its right to prepay the Note pursuant to this Section 
1.7.
         
Prepayment Period 	  	Prepayment Percentage 	 
1.    The period beginning on the Issue Date and ending on the date which 
is sixty (60) days following the Issue Date. 	  	  	130 	%
2.    The period beginning on the date which is sixty-one (61) days 
following the Issue Date and ending on the date which is ninety (90) days 
following the Issue Date. 	  	  	135 	%
3.    The period beginning on the date that is ninety-one (91) day from the 
Issue Date and ending one hundred twenty (120) days following the Issue 
Date. 	  	  	140 	%
4.    The period beginning on the date that is one hundred twenty-one (121) 
day from the Issue Date and ending one hundred fifty (150) days following 
the Issue Date. 	  	  	145 	%
5.    The period beginning on the date that is one hundred fifty-one (151) 
day from the Issue Date and ending one hundred eighty (180) days following 
the Issue Date. 	  	  	150 	%
 

  	6 	 

 

 
After the expiration of one hundred eighty (180) days following the Issue 
Date, the Borrower shall have no right of prepayment.
 
Article II. CERTAIN COVENANTS
 
2.1 Sale of Assets. So long as the Borrower shall have any obligation under 
this Note, the Borrower shall not, without the Holder’s written consent, 
sell, lease or otherwise dispose of any significant portion of its assets 
outside the ordinary course of business. Any consent to the disposition of 
any assets may be conditioned on a specified use of the proceeds of 
disposition.
 
Article III. EVENTS OF DEFAULT
 
If any of the following events of default (each, an “Event of Default”) 
shall occur:
 
3.1 Failure to Pay Principal and Interest. The Borrower fails to pay the 
principal hereof or interest thereon when due on this Note, whether at 
maturity or upon acceleration and such breach continues for a period of 
five (5) days after written notice from the Holder.
 
3.2 Conversion and the Shares. The Borrower fails to issue shares of Common 
Stock to the Holder (or announces or threatens in writing that it will not 
honor its obligation to do so) upon exercise by the Holder of the 
conversion rights of the Holder in accordance with the terms of this Note, 
fails to transfer or cause its transfer agent to transfer (issue) 
(electronically or in certificated form) any certificate for shares of 
Common Stock issued to the Holder upon conversion of or otherwise pursuant 
to this Note as and when required by this Note, the Borrower directs its 
transfer agent not to transfer or delays, impairs, and/or hinders its 
transfer agent in transferring (or issuing) (electronically or in 
certificated form) any certificate for shares of Common Stock to be issued 
to the Holder upon conversion of or otherwise pursuant to this Note as and 
when required by this Note, or fails to remove (or directs its transfer 
agent not to remove or impairs, delays, and/or hinders its transfer agent 
from removing) any restrictive legend (or to withdraw any stop transfer 
instructions in respect thereof) on any certificate for any shares of 
Common Stock issued to the Holder upon conversion of or otherwise pursuant 
to this Note as and when required by this Note (or makes any written 
announcement, statement or threat that it does not intend to honor the 
obligations described in this paragraph) and any such failure shall 
continue uncured (or any written announcement, statement or threat not to 
honor its obligations shall not be rescinded in writing) for three (3) 
business days after the Holder shall have delivered a Notice of Conversion. 
It is an obligation of the Borrower to remain current in its obligations to 
its transfer agent. It shall be an event of default of this Note, if a 
conversion of this Note is delayed, hindered or frustrated due to a balance 
owed by the Borrower to its transfer agent. If at the option of the Holder, 
the Holder advances any funds to the Borrower’s transfer agent in order to 
process a conversion, such advanced funds shall be paid by the Borrower to 
the Holder within forty-eight (48) hours of a demand from the Holder.
 

  	7 	 

 

 
3.3 Breach of Covenants. The Borrower breaches any material covenant or 
other material term or condition contained in this Note and any collateral 
documents including but not limited to the Purchase Agreement and such 
breach continues for a period of twenty (20) days after written notice 
thereof to the Borrower from the Holder.
 
3.4 Breach of Representations and Warranties. Any representation or 
warranty of the Borrower made herein or in any agreement, statement or 
certificate given in writing pursuant hereto or in connection herewith 
(including, without limitation, the Purchase Agreement), shall be false or 
misleading in any material respect when made and the breach of which has 
(or with the passage of time will have) a material adverse effect on the 
rights of the Holder with respect to this Note or the Purchase Agreement.
 
3.5 Receiver or Trustee. The Borrower or any subsidiary of the Borrower 
shall make an assignment for the benefit of creditors, or apply for or 
consent to the appointment of a receiver or trustee for it or for a 
substantial part of its property or business, or such a receiver or trustee 
shall otherwise be appointed.
 
3.6 Bankruptcy. Bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or liquidation 
proceedings or other proceedings, voluntary or involuntary, for relief 
under any bankruptcy law or any law for the relief of debtors shall be 
instituted by or against the Borrower or any subsidiary of the Borrower.
 
3.7 Delisting of Common Stock. The Borrower shall fail to maintain the 
listing of the Common Stock on at least one of the OTC (which specifically 
includes the quotation platforms maintained by the OTC Markets Group) or an 
equivalent replacement exchange, the Nasdaq National Market, the Nasdaq 
SmallCap Market, the New York Stock Exchange, or the American Stock 
Exchange.
 
3.8 Failure to Comply with the Exchange Act. The Borrower shall fail to 
comply with the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act; and/or the 
Borrower shall cease to be subject to the reporting requirements of the 
Exchange Act.
 
3.9 Liquidation. Any dissolution, liquidation, or winding up of Borrower or 
any substantial portion of its business.
 
3.10	Cessation of Operations.	Any cessation of operations by Borrower or 
Borrower admits it is otherwise generally unable to pay its debts as such 
debts become due, provided, however, that any disclosure of the Borrower’s 
ability to continue as a “going concern” shall not be an admission that the 
Borrower cannot pay its debts as they become due.
 
3.11	Financial Statement Restatement.	The restatement of any financial 
statements filed by the Borrower with the SEC at any time after 180 days 
after the Issuance Date for any date or period until this Note is no longer 
outstanding, if the result of such restatement would, by comparison to the 
un-restated financial statement, have constituted a material adverse effect 
on the rights of the Holder with respect to this Note or the Purchase 
Agreement.
         
3.12 Replacement of Transfer Agent. In the event that the Borrower proposes 
to replace its transfer agent, the Borrower fails to provide, prior to the 
effective date of such replacement, a fully executed Irrevocable Transfer 
Agent Instructions in a form as initially delivered pursuant to the 
Purchase Agreement (including but not limited to the provision to 
irrevocably reserve shares of Common Stock in the Reserved Amount) signed 
by the successor transfer agent to Borrower and the Borrower.
         

  	8 	 

 

         
3.13 Cross-Default.  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in 
this Note or the other related or companion documents, a breach or default 
by the Borrower of any covenant or other term or condition contained in any 
of the Other Agreements, after the passage of all applicable notice and 
cure or grace periods, shall, at the option of the Holder, be considered a 
default under this Note and the Other Agreements, in which event the Holder 
shall be entitled (but in no event required) to apply all rights and 
remedies of the Holder under the terms of this Note and the Other 
Agreements by reason of a default under said Other Agreement or hereunder. 
“Other Agreements” means, collectively, all agreements and instruments 
between, among or by: (1) the Borrower, and, or for the benefit of, (2) the 
Holder and any affiliate of the Holder, including, without limitation, 
promissory notes; provided, however, the term “Other Agreements” shall not 
include the related or companion documents to this Note. Each of the loan 
transactions will be cross-defaulted with each other loan transaction and 
with all other existing and future debt of Borrower to the Holder.
 
Upon the occurrence and during the continuation of any Event of Default 
specified in Section 3.1 (solely with respect to failure to pay the 
principal hereof or interest thereon when due at the Maturity Date), the 
Note shall become immediately due and payable and the Borrower shall pay to 
the Holder, in full satisfaction of its obligations hereunder, an amount 
equal to the Default Sum (as defined herein).  UPON THE OCCURRENCE AND 
DURING THE CONTINUATION OF ANY EVENT OF DEFAULT SPECIFIED IN SECTION 3.2, 
THE NOTE SHALL BECOME IMMEDIATELY DUE AND PAYABLE AND THE BORROWER SHALL 
PAY TO THE HOLDER, IN FULL SATISFACTION OF ITS OBLIGATIONS HEREUNDER, AN 
AMOUNT EQUAL TO: (Y) THE DEFAULT SUM (AS DEFINED HEREIN); MULTIPLIED BY (Z) 
TWO (2). Upon the occurrence and during the continuation of any Event of 
Default specified in Sections 3.1 (solely with respect to failure to pay 
the principal hereof or interest thereon when due on this Note upon a 
Trading Market Prepayment Event pursuant to Section 1.7 or upon 
acceleration), 3.3, 3.4, 3.7, 3.8, 3.10, 3.11, 3.12, 3.13, and/or 3.14 
exercisable through the delivery of written notice to the Borrower by such 
Holders (the “Default Notice”), and upon the occurrence of an Event of 
Default specified the remaining sections of Articles III (other than 
failure to pay the principal hereof or interest thereon at the Maturity 
Date specified in Section 3,1 hereof), the Note shall become immediately 
due and payable and the Borrower shall pay to the Holder, in full 
satisfaction of its obligations hereunder, an amount equal to the greater 
of (i) 150% times the sum of (w) the then outstanding principal amount of 
this Note plus (x) accrued and unpaid interest on the unpaid principal 
amount of this Note to the date of payment (the “Mandatory Prepayment 
Date”) plus (y) Default Interest, if any, on the amounts referred to in 
clauses (w) and/or (x) plus (z) any amounts owed to the Holder pursuant to 
Sections 1.3 and 1.4(g) hereof (the then outstanding principal amount of 
this Note to the date of payment plus the amounts referred to in clauses 
(x), (y) and (z) shall collectively be known as the “Default Sum”) or (ii) 
the “parity value” of the Default Sum to be prepaid, where parity value 
means (a) the highest number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon 
conversion of or otherwise pursuant to such Default Sum in accordance with 
Article I, treating the Trading Day immediately preceding the Mandatory 
Prepayment Date as the “Conversion Date” for purposes of determining the 
lowest applicable Conversion Price, unless the Default Event arises as a 
result of a breach in respect of a specific Conversion Date in which case 
such Conversion Date shall be the Conversion Date), multiplied by (b) the 
highest Closing Price for the Common Stock during the period beginning on 
the date of first occurrence of the Event of Default and ending one day 
prior to the Mandatory Prepayment Date (the “Default Amount”) and all other 
amounts payable hereunder shall immediately become due and payable, all 
without demand, presentment or notice, all of which hereby are expressly 
waived, together with all costs, including, without limitation, legal fees 
and expenses, of collection, and the Holder shall be entitled to exercise 
all other rights and remedies available at law or in equity. 
 

  	9 	 

 

 
If the Borrower fails to pay the Default Amount within five (5) business 
days of written notice that such amount is due and payable, then the Holder 
shall have the right at any time, so long as the Borrower remains in 
default (and so long and to the extent that there are sufficient authorized 
shares), to require the Borrower, upon written notice, to immediately 
issue, in lieu of the Default Amount, the number of shares of Common Stock 
of the Borrower equal to the Default Amount divided by the Conversion Price 
then in effect.
 
Article IV. MISCELLANEOUS
 
4.1 Failure or Indulgence Not Waiver. No failure or delay on the part of 
the Holder in the exercise of any power, right or privilege hereunder shall 
operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise of 
any such power, right or privilege preclude other or further exercise 
thereof or of any other right, power or privileges. All rights and remedies 
existing hereunder are cumulative to, and not exclusive of, any rights or 
remedies otherwise available.
 
4.2 Notices. All notices, demands, requests, consents, approvals, and other 
communications required or permitted hereunder shall be in writing and, 
unless otherwise specified herein, shall be (i) personally served, (ii) 
deposited in the mail, registered or certified, return receipt requested, 
postage prepaid, (iii) delivered by reputable air courier service with 
charges prepaid, or (iv) transmitted by hand delivery, telegram, or 
facsimile, addressed as set forth below or to such other address as such 
party shall have specified most recently by written notice. Any notice or 
other communication required or permitted to be given hereunder shall be 
deemed effective (a) upon hand delivery or delivery by facsimile, with 
accurate confirmation generated by the transmitting facsimile machine, at 
the address or number designated below (if delivered on a business day 
during normal business hours where such notice is to be received), or the 
first business day following such delivery (if delivered other than on a 
business day during normal business hours where such notice is to be 
received) or (b) on the second business day following the date of mailing 
by express courier service, fully prepaid, addressed to such address, or 
upon actual receipt of such mailing, whichever shall first occur. The 
addresses for such communications shall be:
 
  If to the Borrower, to:
   
    COATES INTERNATIONAL, LTD.
    2100 Highway 34, Wall Township
    New Jersey 07719
    Attn: Barry C. Kaye, Chief Financial Officer
        Fax:
        Email: bk@coatesengine.com
 
If to the Holder:
 
POWER UP LENDING GROUP LTD.
    111 Great Neck Road, Suite 214
    Great Neck, NY 11021
Attn: Curt Kramer, Chief Executive Officer
  e-mail: info@poweruplending.com
   

  	10 	 

 

   
With a copy by fax only to (which copy shall not constitute notice):
 
Naidich Wurman LLP
    111 Great Neck Road, Suite 216
    Great Neck, NY 11021
    Attn: Allison Naidich
  facsimile: 516-466-3555
  e-mail: allison@nwlaw.com
 
4.3 Amendments. This Note and any provision hereof may only be amended by 
an instrument in writing signed by the Borrower and the Holder. The term 
“Note” and all reference thereto, as used throughout this instrument, shall 
mean this instrument (and the other Notes issued pursuant to the Purchase 
Agreement) as originally executed, or if later amended or supplemented, 
then as so amended or supplemented.
 
4.4 Assignability. This Note shall be binding upon the Borrower and its 
successors and assigns, and shall inure to be the benefit of the Holder and 
its successors and assigns. Each transferee of this Note must be an 
“accredited investor” (as defined in Rule 501(a) of the Securities and 
Exchange Commission). Notwithstanding anything in this Note to the 
contrary, this Note may be pledged as collateral in connection with a bona 
fide margin account or other lending arrangement; and may be assigned by 
the Holder without the consent of the Borrower.
 
4.5 Cost of Collection. If default is made in the payment of this Note, the 
Borrower shall pay the Holder hereof costs of collection, including 
reasonable attorneys’ fees.
 
4.6 Governing Law. This Note shall be governed by and construed in 
accordance with the laws of the State of Virginia without regard to 
principles of conflicts of laws. Any action brought by either party against 
the other concerning the transactions contemplated by this Note shall be 
brought only in the state courts of New York or in the federal courts 
located in the state and county of Nassau. The parties to this Note hereby 
irrevocably waive any objection to jurisdiction and venue of any action 
instituted hereunder and shall not assert any defense based on lack of 
jurisdiction or venue or based upon forum non conveniens. The Borrower and 
Holder waive trial by jury. The prevailing party shall be entitled to 
recover from the other party its reasonable attorney's fees and costs. In 
the event that any provision of this Note or any other agreement delivered 
in connection herewith is invalid or unenforceable under any applicable 
statute or rule of law, then such provision shall be deemed inoperative to 
the extent that it may conflict therewith and shall be deemed modified to 
conform with such statute or rule of law. Any such provision which may 
prove invalid or unenforceable under any law shall not affect the validity 
or enforceability of any other provision of any agreement. Each party 
hereby irrevocably waives personal service of process and consents to 
process being served in any suit, action or proceeding in connection with 
this Note, any agreement or any other document delivered in connection with 
this Note by mailing a copy thereof via registered or certified mail or 
overnight delivery (with evidence of delivery) to such party at the address 
in effect for notices to it under this Note and agrees that such service 
shall constitute good and sufficient service of process and notice thereof. 
Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to 
serve process in any other manner permitted by law.
 
4.7 Purchase Agreement. By its acceptance of this Note, each party agrees 
to be bound by the applicable terms of the Purchase Agreement.
 
4.8 Remedies. The Borrower acknowledges that a breach by it of its 
obligations hereunder will cause irreparable harm to the Holder, by 
vitiating the intent and purpose of the transaction contemplated hereby. 
Accordingly, the Borrower acknowledges that the remedy at law for a breach 
of its obligations under this Note will be inadequate and agrees, in the 
event of a breach or threatened breach by the Borrower of the provisions of 
this Note, that the Holder shall be entitled, in addition to all other 
available remedies at law or in equity, and in addition to the penalties 
assessable herein, to an injunction or injunctions restraining, preventing 
or curing any breach of this Note and to enforce specifically the terms and 
provisions thereof, without the necessity of showing economic loss and 
without any bond or other security being required.
 

  	11 	 

 

 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Borrower has caused this Note to be signed in its name 
by its duly authorized officer this on February 2, 2018
 
COATES INTERNATIONAL, LTD. 	 
  	  	 
By: 	/s/ Barry C. Kaye 	 
  	Barry C. Kaye 	 
  	Chief Financial Officer 	 
 

  	12 	 

 

 
EXHIBIT A -- NOTICE OF CONVERSION
 
The undersigned hereby elects to convert $_________________ principal 
amount of the Note (defined below) into that number of shares of Common 
Stock to be issued pursuant to the conversion of the Note (“Common Stock”) 
as set forth below, of COATES INTERNATIONAL, LTD., a Delaware corporation 
(the “Borrower”) according to the conditions of the convertible note of the 
Borrower dated as of February 2, 2018 (the “Note”), as of the date written 
below. No fee will be charged to the Holder for any conversion, except for 
transfer taxes, if any.
 
Box Checked as to applicable instructions:
 
  	[    ] 	The Borrower shall electronically transmit the Common Stock 
issuable pursuant to this Notice of Conversion to the account of the 
undersigned or its nominee with DTC through its Deposit Withdrawal Agent 
Commission system (“DWAC Transfer”).
  	  	 
  	  	Name of DTC Prime Broker:   
  	  	Account Number:  
  	  	 
  	[   ] 	The undersigned hereby requests that the Borrower issue a 
certificate or certificates for the number of shares of Common Stock set 
forth below (which numbers are based on the Holder’s calculation attached 
hereto) in the name(s) specified immediately below or, if additional space 
is necessary, on an attachment hereto:
 
  	POWER UP LENDING GROUP LTD. 	  	  	 
  	111 Great Neck Road, Suite 214 	  	  	 
  	Great Neck, NY 11021 	  	  	 
  	Attention: Certificate Delivery 	  	  	 
  	e-mail: info@poweruplendinggroup.com 	  	  	 
  	  	  	  	 
  	Date of conversion:   	  	  	 
  	Applicable Conversion Price: 	$ 	  	 
  	Number of shares of common stock to be issued 	  	  	 
  	      pursuant to conversion of the Notes:   	  	  	 
  	Amount of Principal Balance due remaining 	  	  	 
  	      under the Note after this conversion: 	  	  	 
         
  	POWER UP LENDING GROUP LTD. 	 
  	  	  	  	 
  	By: 	 	 
  	Name:   	Curt Kramer 	 
  	Title:     	Chief Executive Officer 	 
  	  	Date: 	          	 
     
     
13
 