 EX-10.2 8 a17-7305_14ex10d2.htm EX-10.2
Exhibit 10.2
 
Execution Version
 
FIRST AMENDED AND RESTATED
 
LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY OPERATING AGREEMENT
 
OF
 
CACTUS WELLHEAD, LLC
 
DATED AS OF JANUARY 29, 2018
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
THE LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY INTERESTS IN CACTUS WELLHEAD, LLC HAVE NOT 
BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE U.S. SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, THE 
SECURITIES LAWS OF ANY STATE, OR ANY OTHER APPLICABLE SECURITIES LAWS, AND 
HAVE BEEN OR ARE BEING ISSUED IN RELIANCE UPON EXEMPTIONS FROM THE 
REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT AND SUCH LAWS.  SUCH 
INTERESTS MUST BE ACQUIRED FOR INVESTMENT ONLY AND MAY NOT BE OFFERED FOR 
SALE, PLEDGED, HYPOTHECATED, SOLD, ASSIGNED OR TRANSFERRED AT ANY TIME 
EXCEPT IN COMPLIANCE WITH (I) THE SECURITIES ACT, ANY APPLICABLE SECURITIES 
LAWS OF ANY STATE AND ANY OTHER APPLICABLE SECURITIES LAWS; (II) THE TERMS 
AND CONDITIONS OF THIS FIRST AMENDED AND RESTATED LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY 
OPERATING AGREEMENT; AND (III) ANY OTHER TERMS AND CONDITIONS AGREED TO IN 
WRITING BETWEEN THE MANAGING MEMBER AND THE APPLICABLE MEMBER.  THE LIMITED 
LIABILITY COMPANY INTERESTS MAY NOT BE TRANSFERRED OF RECORD EXCEPT IN 
COMPLIANCE WITH SUCH LAWS, THIS FIRST AMENDED AND RESTATED LIMITED 
LIABILITY COMPANY OPERATING AGREEMENT, AND ANY OTHER TERMS AND CONDITIONS 
AGREED TO IN WRITING BY THE MANAGING MEMBER AND THE APPLICABLE MEMBER.  
THEREFORE, PURCHASERS AND OTHER TRANSFEREES OF SUCH LIMITED LIABILITY 
COMPANY INTERESTS WILL BE REQUIRED TO BEAR THE RISK OF THEIR INVESTMENT OR 
ACQUISITION FOR AN INDEFINITE PERIOD OF TIME.
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
Table of Contents
 
ARTICLE I
DEFINITIONS
2
 
 
 
   Section 1.1
Definitions
2
   Section 1.2
Interpretive Provisions
14
 
 
 
ARTICLE II
ORGANIZATION OF THE LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY
14
 
 
 
   Section 2.1
Formation
14
   Section 2.2
Filing
14
   Section 2.3
Name
15
   Section 2.4
Registered Office; Registered Agent
15
   Section 2.5
Principal Place of Business
15
   Section 2.6
Purpose; Powers
15
   Section 2.7
Term
15
   Section 2.8
Intent
15
 
 
 
ARTICLE III
OWNERSHIP AND CAPITAL CONTRIBUTIONS; CAPITAL ACCOUNTS
15
 
 
 
   Section 3.1
Authorized Units; General Provisions With Respect to Units
15
   Section 3.2
Voting Rights
18
   Section 3.3
Capital Contributions; Unit Ownership
18
   Section 3.4
Capital Accounts
19
   Section 3.5
Other Matters
19
   Section 3.6
Redemption of Units
20
 
 
 
ARTICLE IV
ALLOCATIONS OF PROFITS AND LOSSES
27
 
 
 
   Section 4.1
Profits and Losses
27
   Section 4.2
Special Allocations
27
   Section 4.3
Allocations for Tax Purposes in General
30
   Section 4.4
Other Allocation Rules
30
 
 
 
ARTICLE V
DISTRIBUTIONS
31
 
 
 
   Section 5.1
Distributions
31
   Section 5.2
Tax-Related Distributions
32
   Section 5.3
Distribution Upon Withdrawal
32
 
 
 
ARTICLE VI
MANAGEMENT
32
 
 
 
   Section 6.1
The Managing Member; Fiduciary Duties
32
   Section 6.2
Officers
33
   Section 6.3
Warranted Reliance by Officers on Others
34
   Section 6.4
Indemnification
34
   Section 6.5
Maintenance of Insurance or Other Financial Arrangements
35
   Section 6.6
Resignation or Termination of Managing Member
35
   Section 6.7
No Inconsistent Obligations
35
   Section 6.8
Reclassification Events of PubCo
35
 
i
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
   Section 6.9
Certain Costs and Expenses
36
 
 
 
ARTICLE VII
ROLE OF MEMBERS
36
 
 
 
   Section 7.1
Rights or Powers
36
   Section 7.2
Voting
37
   Section 7.3
Various Capacities
37
   Section 7.4
Business Opportunities
37
 
 
 
ARTICLE VIII
TRANSFERS OF INTERESTS
38
 
 
 
   Section 8.1
Restrictions on Transfer
38
   Section 8.2
Notice of Transfer
39
   Section 8.3
Transferee Members
39
   Section 8.4
Legend
40
 
 
 
ARTICLE IX
ACCOUNTING
40
 
 
 
   Section 9.1
Books of Account
40
   Section 9.2
Tax Elections
41
   Section 9.3
Tax Returns; Information
41
   Section 9.4
Tax Matters Member and Company Representative
41
   Section 9.5
Withholding Tax Payments and Obligations
42
 
 
 
ARTICLE X
DISSOLUTION AND TERMINATION
43
 
 
 
   Section 10.1
Liquidating Events
43
   Section 10.2
Bankruptcy
43
   Section 10.3
Procedure
44
   Section 10.4
Rights of Members
45
   Section 10.5
Notices of Dissolution
45
   Section 10.6
Reasonable Time for Winding Up
45
   Section 10.7
No Deficit Restoration
45
 
 
 
ARTICLE XI
GENERAL
45
 
 
 
   Section 11.1
Amendments; Waivers
45
   Section 11.2
Further Assurances
46
   Section 11.3
Successors and Assigns
46
   Section 11.4
Entire Agreement
46
   Section 11.5
Rights of Members Independent
46
   Section 11.6
Governing Law
46
   Section 11.7
Jurisdiction and Venue
46
   Section 11.8
Headings
47
   Section 11.9
Counterparts
47
   Section 11.10
Notices
47
   Section 11.11
Representation By Counsel; Interpretation
48
   Section 11.12
Severability
48
   Section 11.13
Expenses
48
   Section 11.14
No Third Party Beneficiaries
48
 
ii
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
FIRST AMENDED AND RESTATED
 
LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY OPERATING AGREEMENT
 
OF
 
CACTUS WELLHEAD, LLC
 
This FIRST AMENDED AND RESTATED LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY OPERATING 
AGREEMENT (as amended, supplemented or restated from time to time, this “
Agreement”), dated as of January 29, 2018 and effective as of the date of 
the initial closing of the IPO (as defined below) (the “Effective Date”), 
is made and entered into by and among Cactus Wellhead, LLC, a Delaware 
limited liability company (the “Company”), and each other Person who is or 
at any time becomes a Member in accordance with the terms of this Agreement 
and the Act.  Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined have 
the respective meanings set forth in Section 1.1.
 
RECITALS
 
WHEREAS, the Company was formed pursuant to a Certificate of Formation 
filed in the office of the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware on 
July 11, 2011 and is currently governed by the Limited Liability Company 
Operating Agreement of the Company dated as of May 31, 2016 (the “Existing 
LLC Agreement”);
 
WHEREAS, pursuant to the terms of the Closing Agreement, the parties 
thereto have agreed to consummate the recapitalization of the Company (the 
“Recapitalization”) and to take the other actions contemplated in the 
Closing Agreement (together with the Recapitalization, the “Reorganization
”);
 
WHEREAS, immediately prior to the consummation of the Recapitalization, the 
Members of the Company consist of those Persons listed on Exhibit A 
hereto;
 
WHEREAS, in connection with the Reorganization, Cactus, Inc., a Delaware 
corporation (“PubCo”), will issue shares of Class A Common Stock to the 
public in the initial underwritten public offering of shares of its stock 
(the “IPO”) in exchange for cash (the “Proceeds”);
 
WHEREAS, PubCo will contribute the net Proceeds to the Company in exchange 
for a number of Units such that the total number of Units held by PubCo 
shall be equal to the number of shares of Class A Common Stock outstanding 
after the IPO (including any shares of Class A Common Stock issued pursuant 
to the exercise of the underwriters’ overallotment option);
 
WHEREAS, following the Company’s receipt of the net Proceeds, the Company 
will pay off certain Indebtedness and will use a portion of such cash, if 
any is available, to redeem Units from some or all of the Members (other 
than PubCo) (such redemptions, the “IPO Redemptions”);
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
WHEREAS, following any IPO Redemptions (and taking into account such IPO 
Redemptions), PubCo will issue and contribute a number of shares of its 
Class B Common Stock to the Company equal to the number of outstanding 
Units collectively held by the Members (other than PubCo), and the Company 
shall distribute such shares of Class B Common Stock to the Members (other 
than PubCo) in accordance with the number of Units held by such Members;
 
WHEREAS, each Unit (other than any Unit held by PubCo) may be redeemed, at 
the election of the holder of such Unit (together with the transfer and 
surrender by such holder of one share of Class B Common Stock), for one 
share of Class A Common Stock in accordance with the terms and conditions 
of this Agreement;
 
WHEREAS, the Members of the Company desire that PubCo become the sole 
managing Member of the Company (in its capacity as managing Member as well 
as in any other capacity, the “Managing Member”);
 
WHEREAS, the Members of the Company desire to amend and restate the 
Existing LLC Agreement; and
 
WHEREAS, this Agreement shall supersede the Existing LLC Agreement in its 
entirety as of the Effective Date.
 
NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants and agreements 
contained herein, and other good and valuable consideration the receipt and 
sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, and intending to be legally 
bound, the parties hereby agree as follows:
 
ARTICLE I
 
DEFINITIONS
 
Section 1.1                                    Definitions.  As used in 
this Agreement and the Schedules and Exhibits attached to this Agreement, 
the following definitions shall apply:
 
“A&R HoldCo Agreement” means the Amended and Restated Limited Liability 
Company Operating Agreement of the Cactus WH Enterprises, LLC dated as of  
January 29, 2018.
 
“Act” means the Delaware Limited Liability Company Act, 6 Del.  C. § 
18-101, et seq., as amended from time to time (or any corresponding 
provisions of succeeding law).
 
“Action” means any claim, action, suit, arbitration, inquiry, proceeding or 
investigation by or before any Governmental Entity.
 
“Adjusted Basis” has the meaning given such term in Section 1011 of the 
Code.
 
“Adjusted Capital Account Deficit” means the deficit balance, if any, in 
such Member’s Capital Account at the end of any Fiscal Year or other 
taxable period, with the following adjustments:
 
2
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
        (a)                                 credit to such Capital Account
        any amount that such Member is obligated to restore under Treasury
        Regulations Section 1.704-1(b)(2)(ii)(c), as well as any addition
        thereto pursuant to the next to last sentences of Treasury
        Regulations Sections 1.704-2(g)(1) and 1.704-2(i)(5) after taking
        into account thereunder any changes during such year in Company
        Minimum Gain and Member Minimum Gain; and
 
        (b)                                 debit to such Capital Account
        the items described in Treasury Regulations Sections
        1.704-1(b)(2)(ii)(d)(4), (5) and (6).
 
This definition of Adjusted Capital Account Deficit is intended to comply 
with the provisions of Treasury Regulations Section 1.704-1(b)(2)(ii)(d) 
and shall be interpreted consistently therewith.
 
“Affiliate” means, with respect to any Person, any other Person that 
directly or indirectly controls, is controlled by, or is under common 
control with, such Person.  For these purposes, “control” means the 
possession, direct or indirect, of the power to direct or cause the 
direction of the management and policies of such Person, whether through 
the ownership of voting securities, by contract or otherwise; provided 
that, for purposes of this Agreement, (i) no Member shall be deemed an 
Affiliate of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries and (ii) none of the 
Company or any of its Subsidiaries shall be deemed an Affiliate of any 
Member.
 
“Agreement” is defined in the preamble to this Agreement.
 
“All Owned Units” means the sum of (x) all of the Units then held by a 
Redeeming Member and (y) all of the Units which such Redeeming Member would 
then own had such Redeeming Member then redeemed, pursuant to the A&R 
HoldCo Agreement, all of the HoldCo Units then owned, if any, by such 
Redeeming Member.
 
“beneficially own” and “beneficial owner” shall be as defined in Rule 13d-3 
of the rules promulgated under the Exchange Act.
 
“Bipartisan Budget Act of 2015” means Title XI of the Bipartisan Budget Act 
of 2015, as may be amended from time to time (or any corresponding 
provisions of succeeding law), and any related provisions of law, including 
court decisions, regulations and administrative guidance.
 
“Black-Out Period” means any “black-out” or similar period under PubCo’s 
policies covering trading in PubCo’s securities to which the applicable 
Redeeming Member is subject, during which such Redeeming Member is 
restricted from immediately reselling shares of Class A Common Stock to be 
delivered to such Redeeming Member in connection with a Redemption or 
pursuant to PubCo’s exercise of its Call Right.
 
“Board” means the board of directors of PubCo.
 
“Business Day” means any day that is not a Saturday, a Sunday or other day 
on which banks are required or authorized by Law to be closed in the City 
of New York.
 
“Business Opportunities Exempt Party” is defined in Section 7.4(a).
 
“Call Election Notice” is defined in Section 3.6(f)(ii).
 
3
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
“Call Purchase” means the purchase of Units by PubCo pursuant to an 
election by PubCo to exercise its Call Right set forth in Section 3.6(f).
 
“Call Right” has the meaning set forth in Section 3.6(f)(i).
 
“Capital Account” means, with respect to any Member, the Capital Account 
maintained for such Member in accordance with Section 3.4.
 
“Capital Contribution” means, with respect to any Member, the amount of 
cash and the initial Gross Asset Value of any property (other than cash) 
contributed to the Company by such Member.  Any reference to the Capital 
Contribution of a Member will include any Capital Contributions made by a 
predecessor holder of such Member’s Units to the extent that such Capital 
Contribution was made in respect of Units Transferred to such Member.
 
“Cash Election” is defined in Section 3.6(a)(iv) and shall also include 
PubCo’s election to purchase Units for cash pursuant to a Call Purchase.
 
“Cash Election Amount” means with respect to a particular Redemption or 
Call Purchase for which a Cash Election has been made, (a) if the cash 
amount to be paid has been derived from a sale of shares of Class A Common 
Stock by PubCo, an amount of cash equal to the gross proceeds received by 
PubCo from the sale of the number of shares of Class A Common Stock that 
would have been received if a Cash Election had not been made less any 
Offering Expenses with respect to such Redemption, or (b) in any other 
case, an amount of cash equal to the Fair Market Value of the number of 
shares of Class A Common Stock that would have been received if a Cash 
Election had not been made.
 
“Change of Control Redemption Date” is defined in Section 3.6(g).
 
“Class A Common Stock” means, as applicable, (a) the Class A Common Stock, 
par value $0.01 per share, of PubCo or (b) following any consolidation, 
merger, reclassification or other similar event involving PubCo, any shares 
or other securities of PubCo or any other Person or cash or other property 
that become payable in consideration for the Class A Common Stock or into 
which the Class A Common Stock is exchanged or converted as a result of 
such consolidation, merger, reclassification or other similar event.
 
“Class B Common Stock” means, as applicable, (a) the Class B Common Stock, 
par value $0.01 per share, of PubCo or (b) following any consolidation, 
merger, reclassification or other similar event involving PubCo, any shares 
or other securities of PubCo or any other Person or cash or other property 
that become payable in consideration for the Class B Common Stock or into 
which the Class B Common Stock is exchanged or converted as a result of 
such consolidation, merger, reclassification or other similar event.
 
“Closing Agreement” means the Closing Steps Agreement dated as of  January 
29, 2018, by and among the Company, PubCo and the Persons listed on the 
signature pages thereto, as it may be amended, supplemented or restated 
from time to time.
 
“Closing Date Capital Account Balance” means, with respect to any Member, 
the positive Capital Account balance of such Member as of the Effective 
Date after giving effect to the
 
4
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
Reorganization, IPO, IPO Redemption and related transactions, the amount or 
deemed value of which will be set forth by the Company on Exhibit A within 
180 calendar days following the execution of this Agreement.
 
“Code” means the United States Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended 
from time to time (or any corresponding provisions of succeeding law).
 
“Commission” means the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission.
 
“Company” is defined in the preamble to this Agreement.
 
“Company Minimum Gain” has the meaning of “partnership minimum gain” set 
forth in Treasury Regulations Sections 1.704-2(b)(2) and 1.704-2(d).  It is 
further understood that Company Minimum Gain shall be determined in a 
manner consistent with the rules of Treasury Regulations Section 
1.704-2(b)(2), including the requirement that if the adjusted Gross Asset 
Value of property subject to one or more Nonrecourse Liabilities differs 
from its adjusted tax basis, Company Minimum Gain shall be determined with 
reference to such Gross Asset Value.
 
“Company Representative” has the meaning assigned to the term “partnership 
representative” in Section 6223 of the Code and any Treasury Regulations or 
other administrative or judicial pronouncements promulgated thereunder.
 
“Contract” means any written agreement, contract, lease, sublease, license, 
sublicense, obligation, promise or undertaking.
 
“control” (including the terms “controlled by” and “under common control 
with”), with respect to the relationship between or among two or more 
Persons, means the possession, directly or indirectly or as trustee, 
personal representative or executor, of the power to direct or cause the 
direction of the affairs or management of a Person, whether through the 
ownership of voting securities, as trustee, personal representative or 
executor, by contract, credit arrangement or otherwise.
 
“Debt Securities” means, with respect to PubCo, any and all debt 
instruments or debt securities that are not convertible or exchangeable 
into Equity Securities of PubCo.
 
“Depreciation” means, for each Fiscal Year or other taxable period, an 
amount equal to the depreciation, amortization, or other cost recovery 
deduction allowable with respect to an asset for such Fiscal Year or other 
taxable period, except that (a) with respect to any such property the Gross 
Asset Value of which differs from its Adjusted Basis for U.S. federal 
income tax purposes and which difference is being eliminated by use of the 
“remedial method” pursuant to Treasury Regulations Section 1.704-3(d), 
Depreciation for such Fiscal Year or other taxable period shall be the 
amount of book basis recovered for such Fiscal Year or other taxable period 
under the rules prescribed by Treasury Regulations Section 1.704-3(d)(2), 
and (b) with respect to any other such property the Gross Asset Value of 
which differs from its Adjusted Basis for U.S. federal income tax purposes 
at the beginning of such Fiscal Year or other taxable period, Depreciation 
shall be an amount which bears the same ratio to such beginning Gross Asset 
Value as the federal income tax depreciation, amortization, or other cost 
recovery deduction for such Fiscal Year or other taxable period bears to 
such beginning Adjusted Basis; provided, however, that if the Adjusted 
Basis for
 
5
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
U.S. federal income tax purposes of an asset at the beginning of such 
Fiscal Year or other taxable period is zero, Depreciation with respect to 
such asset shall be determined with reference to such beginning Gross Asset 
Value using any reasonable method selected by the Tax Matters Member.
 
“DGCL” means the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware, as 
amended from time to time (or any corresponding provisions of succeeding 
law).
 
“Effective Time” means the time immediately prior to the closing of the IPO 
on the date of the initial closing of the IPO.
 
“Equity Securities” means (a) with respect to a partnership, limited 
liability company or similar Person, any and all units, interests, rights 
to purchase, warrants, options or other equivalents of, or other ownership 
interests in, any such Person as well as debt or equity instruments 
convertible, exchangeable or exercisable into any such units, interests, 
rights or other ownership interests and (b) with respect to a corporation, 
any and all shares, interests, participation or other equivalents (however 
designated) of corporate stock, including all common stock and preferred 
stock, or warrants, options or other rights to acquire any of the 
foregoing, including any debt instrument convertible or exchangeable into 
any of the foregoing.
 
“ERISA” means the Employee Retirement Security Act of 1974, as amended.
 
“Exchange Act” means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and the rules and 
regulations promulgated thereunder, as the same may be amended from time to 
time (or any corresponding provisions of succeeding law).
 
“Existing LLC Agreement” is defined in the recitals to this Agreement.
 
“Fair Market Value” means the fair market value of any property as 
determined in good faith by the Managing Member after taking into account 
such factors as the Managing Member shall deem appropriate.
 
“Federal Bankruptcy Code” means Title 11 of the United States Code, as 
amended from time to time, and all rules and regulations promulgated 
thereunder.
 
“Fiscal Year” means the fiscal year of the Company, which shall end on 
December 31 of each calendar year unless, for U.S. federal income tax 
purposes, another fiscal year is required.  The Company shall have the same 
fiscal year for U.S. federal income tax purposes and for accounting 
purposes.
 
“Former A-1 Unitholder” means a Person that, immediately prior to the 
Effective Time, was a holder of Class A-1 Units of the Company pursuant to 
the Existing LLC Agreement.
 
“GAAP” means U.S. generally acceptable accounting principles at the time.
 
“Good Faith” means a Person having acted in good faith and in a manner such 
Person reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of 
the Company, and, with respect to a criminal proceeding, having had no 
reasonable cause to believe such Person’s conduct was unlawful.
 
6
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
“Governmental Entity” means any federal, national, supranational, state, 
provincial, local, foreign or other government, governmental, stock 
exchange, regulatory or administrative authority, agency or commission or 
any court, tribunal, or judicial or arbitral body.
 
“Gross Asset Value” means, with respect to any asset, the asset’s Adjusted 
Basis for U.S. federal income tax purposes, except as follows:
 
        (a)                                 the initial Gross Asset Value
        of any asset contributed by a Member to the Company shall be the
        gross Fair Market Value of such asset as of the date of such
        contribution;
 
        (b)                                 the Gross Asset Values of all
        Company assets shall be adjusted to equal their respective gross
        Fair Market Values as of the following times: (i) the acquisition
        of an interest (or additional interest) in the Company by any new
        or existing Member in exchange for more than a de minimis Capital
        Contribution to the Company or in exchange for the performance of
        more than a de minimis amount of services to or for the benefit of
        the Company; (ii) the distribution by the Company to a Member of
        more than a de minimis amount of Company assets as consideration
        for an interest in the Company; (iii) the liquidation of the
        Company within the meaning of Treasury Regulations Section
        1.704-1(b)(2)(ii)(g)(1) (other than pursuant to Code Section
        708(b)(1)(B)), (iv) the acquisition of an interest in the Company
        by any new or existing Member upon the exercise of a
        noncompensatory option in accordance with Treasury Regulations
        Section 1.704-1(b)(2)(iv)(s); or (v) any other event to the extent
        determined by the Managing Member to be permitted and necessary or
        appropriate to properly reflect Gross Asset Values in accordance
        with the standards set forth in Treasury Regulations Section
        1.704-1(b)(2)(iv)(q); provided, however, that adjustments pursuant
        to clauses (i), (ii) and (iv) above shall be made only if the
        Managing Member reasonably determines that such adjustments are
        necessary or appropriate to reflect the relative economic interests
        of the Members in the Company.  If any noncompensatory options are
        outstanding upon the occurrence of an event described in this
        paragraph (b)(i) through (b)(v), the Company shall adjust the Gross
        Asset Values of its properties in accordance with Treasury
        Regulations Sections 1.704-1(b)(2)(iv)(f)(1) and 1.704-1(b)(2)(iv)
        (h)(2);
 
        (c)                                  the Gross Asset Value of any
        Company asset distributed to any Member shall be adjusted to equal
        the gross Fair Market Value of such asset on the date of such
        distribution;
 
        (d)                                 the Gross Asset Values of
        Company assets shall be increased (or decreased) to reflect any
        adjustments to the Adjusted Basis of such assets pursuant to Code
        Section 734(b) or Code Section 743(b), but only to the extent that
        such adjustments are taken into account in determining Capital
        Accounts pursuant to Treasury Regulations Section
        1.704-1(b)(2)(iv)(m) and subsection (f) in the definition of
        “Profits” or “Losses” below or Section 4.2(h); provided, however,
        that the Gross Asset Value of a Company asset shall not be adjusted
        pursuant to this subsection to the extent the Managing Member
        determines that an adjustment pursuant to subsection (b) of this
        definition is necessary or appropriate in connection with a
 
7
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
        transaction that would otherwise result in an adjustment pursuant
        to this subsection (d); and
 
        (e)                                  if the Gross Asset Value of a
        Company asset has been determined or adjusted pursuant to
        subsections (a), (b) or (d) of this definition of Gross Asset
        Value, such Gross Asset Value shall thereafter be adjusted by the
        Depreciation taken into account with respect to such asset for
        purposes of computing Profits, Losses and other items allocated
        pursuant to Article IV.
 
“Holdco” means Cactus WH Enterprises, LLC, a Delaware limited liability 
company.
 
“Holdco Units” means units representing membership interests in HoldCo.
 
“Indebtedness” means (a) all indebtedness for borrowed money (including 
capitalized lease obligations, sale-leaseback transactions or other similar 
transactions, however evidenced), (b) any other indebtedness that is 
evidenced by a note, bond, debenture, draft or similar instrument, (c) 
notes payable and (d) lines of credit and any other agreements relating to 
the borrowing of money or extension of credit.
 
“Interest” means the entire interest of a Member in the Company, including 
the Units and all of such Member’s rights, powers and privileges under this 
Agreement and the Act.
 
“IPO” is defined in the recitals to this Agreement.
 
“IPO Redemptions” is defined in the recitals to this Agreement.
 
“Law” means any federal, national, supranational, state, provincial, local 
or similar statute, law, ordinance, regulation, rule, code, order, 
requirement or rule of law (including common law).
 
“Legal Action” is defined in Section 11.7.
 
“Liability” means any liability or obligation, whether known or unknown, 
asserted or unasserted, absolute or contingent, accrued or unaccrued, 
liquidated or unliquidated and whether due or to become due, regardless of 
when asserted.
 
“Liquidating Event” is defined in Section 10.1.
 
“Managing Member” is defined in the recitals to this Agreement.
 
“Member” means any Person that executes this Agreement as a Member, and any 
other Person admitted to the Company as an additional or substituted 
Member, that has not made a disposition of such Person’s entire Interest.
 
“Member Minimum Gain” has the meaning ascribed to “partner nonrecourse debt 
minimum gain” set forth in Treasury Regulations Section 1.704-2(i).  It is 
further understood that the determination of Member Minimum Gain and the 
net increase or decrease in Member Minimum Gain shall be made in the same 
manner as required for such determination of Company Minimum Gain under 
Treasury Regulations Sections 1.704-2(d) and 1.704-2(g)(3).
 
8
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
“Member Nonrecourse Debt” has the meaning of “partner nonrecourse debt” set 
forth in Treasury Regulations Section 1.704-2(b)(4).
 
“Member Nonrecourse Deductions” has the meaning of “partner nonrecourse 
deductions” set forth in Treasury Regulations Sections 1.704-2(i)(1) and 1.
704-2(i)(2).
 
“National Securities Exchange” means an exchange registered with the 
Commission under the Exchange Act.
 
“Nonrecourse Deductions” has the meaning assigned that term in Treasury 
Regulations Section 1.704-2(b).
 
“Nonrecourse Liability” is defined in Treasury Regulations Section 
1.704-2(b)(3).
 
“Offering Expenses” means, with respect to any Redemption, to the extent 
PubCo funds the Cash Election Amount to be paid to the Redeeming Member 
with respect to such Redemption through any offering of Class A Common 
Stock or other Equity Securities on or prior to the Redemption Date, any 
expenses, fees and commissions incurred by PubCo or the Company in 
connection with such offering, including the amount of any difference 
between the price at which such Equity Securities were sold to underwriters 
or other initial purchasers and the price at which such Equity Securities 
are sold to the public or other ultimate investors in such offering after 
taking into account underwriters’ discounts or commissions and brokers’ 
fees or commissions (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any deferred 
discounts or commissions and brokers’ fees or commissions payable in 
connection with or as a result of such offering).
 
“Officer” means each Person appointed as an officer of the Company pursuant 
to and in accordance with the provisions of Section 6.2.
 
“Person” means any individual, partnership, firm, corporation, limited 
liability company, association, trust, unincorporated organization or other 
entity, as well as any syndicate or group that would be deemed to be a 
person under Section 13(d)(3) of the Exchange Act.
 
“Plan Asset Regulations” means the regulations issued by the U.S. 
Department of Labor at Section 2510.3-101 of Part 2510 of Chapter XXV, 
Title 29 of the Code of Federal Regulations, or any successor regulations 
as the same may be amended from time to time.
 
“President and Chief Executive Officer” is defined in Section 6.2(b).
 
“Prime Rate” means, on any date of determination, a rate per annum equal to 
the rate of interest most recently published by The Wall Street Journal as 
the “prime rate” at large U.S. money center banks.
 
“Proceeding” is defined in Section 6.4.
 
“Proceeds” is defined in the recitals to this Agreement.
 
“Profits” or “Losses” means, for each Fiscal Year or other taxable period, 
an amount equal to the Company’s taxable income or loss for such year or 
period, determined in accordance with
 
9
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
Code Section 703(a) (for this purpose, all items of income, gain, loss or 
deduction required to be stated separately pursuant to Code Section 
703(a)(1) shall be included in taxable income or loss), with the following 
adjustments (without duplication):
 
        (a)                                 any income or gain of the
        Company that is exempt from U.S. federal income tax and not
        otherwise taken into account in computing Profits or Losses shall
        be added to such taxable income or loss;
 
        (b)                                 any expenditures of the Company
        described in Code Section 705(a)(2)(B) or treated as Code Section
        705(a)(2)(B) expenditures pursuant to Treasury Regulations Section
        1.704-1(b)(2)(iv)(i), and not otherwise taken into account in
        computing Profits or Losses, shall be subtracted from such taxable
        income or loss;
 
        (c)                                  in the event the Gross Asset
        Value of any Company asset is adjusted pursuant to subsection (b)
        or (c) of the definition of Gross Asset Value above, the amount of
        such adjustment shall be treated as an item of gain (if the
        adjustment increases the Gross Asset Value of the Company asset) or
        an item of loss (if the adjustment decreases the Gross Asset Value
        of the Company asset) from the disposition of such asset and shall,
        except to the extent allocated pursuant to Section 4.2, be taken
        into account for purposes of computing Profits or Losses;
 
        (d)                                 gain or loss resulting from any
        disposition of Company assets with respect to which gain or loss is
        recognized for U.S. federal income tax purposes shall be computed
        with reference to the Gross Asset Value of the asset disposed of,
        notwithstanding that the adjusted tax basis of such asset differs
        from its Gross Asset Value;
 
        (e)                                  in lieu of the depreciation,
        amortization and other cost recovery deductions taken into account
        in computing such taxable income or loss, there shall be taken into
        account Depreciation;
 
        (f)                                   to the extent an adjustment
        to the adjusted tax basis of any asset pursuant to Code Section
        734(b) is required, pursuant to Treasury Regulations Section
        1.704-1(b)(2)(iv)(m)(4), to be taken into account in determining
        Capital Account balances as a result of a distribution other than
        in liquidation of a Member’s interest in the Company, the amount of
        such adjustment shall be treated as an item of gain (if the
        adjustment increases the basis of the asset) or an item of loss (if
        the adjustment decreases such basis) from the disposition of such
        asset and shall be taken into account for purposes of computing
        Profits or Losses; and
 
        (g)                                  any items of income, gain,
        loss or deduction which are specifically allocated pursuant to the
        provisions of Section 4.2 shall not be taken into account in
        computing Profits or Losses for any taxable year, but such items
        available to be specially allocated pursuant to Section 4.2 will be
        determined by applying rules analogous to those set forth in
        subparagraphs (a) through (f) above.
 
“Property” means all real and personal property owned by the Company from 
time to time, including both tangible and intangible property.
 
10
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
“PubCo” is defined in the recitals to this Agreement.
 
A “PubCo Change of Control” means the occurrence of any of the following 
events or series of events after the Effective Time:
 
        (a)                                 any Person (excluding any
        Qualifying Owner or any group of Qualifying Owners acting together
        which would constitute a “group” for purposes of Section 13(d) of
        the Exchange Act, and excluding a corporation or other entity
        owned, directly or indirectly, by the stockholders of PubCo in
        substantially the same proportions as their ownership of stock of
        the PubCo) is or becomes the beneficial owner, directly or
        indirectly, of securities of PubCo representing more than 50% of
        the combined voting power of PubCo’s then outstanding voting
        securities; or
 
        (b)                                 there is consummated a merger
        or consolidation of PubCo with any other corporation or other
        entity, and, immediately after the consummation of such merger or
        consolidation, the voting securities of PubCo immediately prior to
        such merger or consolidation do not continue to represent or are
        not converted into more than 50% of the combined voting power of
        the then-outstanding voting securities of the Person resulting from
        such merger or consolidation or, if the surviving company is a
        Subsidiary, the ultimate parent thereof; or
 
        (c)                                  the stockholders of PubCo
        approve a plan of complete liquidation or dissolution of PubCo or
        there is consummated an agreement or series of related agreements
        for the sale or other disposition, directly or indirectly, by PubCo
        of all or substantially all of PubCo’s assets, other than such sale
        or other disposition by PubCo of all or substantially all of
        PubCo’s assets to an entity, at least 50% of the combined voting
        power of the voting securities of which are owned by stockholders
        of PubCo in substantially the same proportions as their ownership
        of PubCo immediately prior to such sale.
 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, except with respect to clause (b) above, a 
“PubCo Change of Control” shall not be deemed to have occurred by virtue of 
the consummation of any transaction or series of integrated transactions 
immediately following which the record holders of the shares of PubCo 
immediately prior to such transaction or series of transactions continue to 
have substantially the same proportionate ownership in, and own 
substantially all of the shares of, an entity which owns, either directly 
or through a Subsidiary, all or substantially all of the assets of PubCo 
immediately following such transaction or series of transactions.
 
“PubCo Common Stock” means all classes and series of common stock of PubCo, 
including the Class A Common Stock and the Class B Common Stock.
 
“Qualifying Owners” means (i) Scott Bender, or any company of which he is 
the manager, managing member or he otherwise controls, including, but not 
limited to, HoldCo, (ii) any wife, lineal descendant, legal guardian or 
other legal representative or estate of Scott Bender; (iii) any trust of 
which at least one of the trustees is a person described in clause (i) or 
(ii) above, and (iv) Cadent Energy Partners II, L.P. and any affiliated 
funds or investment vehicles managed by Cadent Energy Partners, LLC.
 
11
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
“Reclassification Event” means any of the following: (a) any 
reclassification or recapitalization of PubCo Common Stock (other than a 
change in par value, or from par value to no par value, or from no par 
value to par value, or as a result of a subdivision or combination or any 
transaction subject to Section 3.1(g)), (b) any merger, consolidation or 
other combination involving PubCo, or (c) any sale, conveyance, lease, or 
other disposal of all or substantially all the properties and assets of 
PubCo to any other Person, in each of clauses (a), (b) or (c), as a result 
of which holders of PubCo Common Stock shall be entitled to receive cash, 
securities or other property for their shares of PubCo Common Stock.
 
“Redeeming Member” is defined in Section 3.6(a)(i).
 
“Redemption” has the meaning set forth in Section 3.6(a)(i).
 
“Redemption Date” means (a) the later of (i) the date that is ten Business 
Days after the Redemption Notice Date and (ii) if the Company or PubCo has 
made a valid Cash Election with respect to the relevant Redemption, the 
first Business Day on which the Company or PubCo has available funds to pay 
the Cash Election Amount, which in no event shall be more than fifteen 
Business Days after the Redemption Notice Date, or (b) such later date (i) 
specified in the Redemption Notice or (ii) on which a contingency described 
in Section 3.6(a)(ii)(D) that is specified in the Redemption Notice is 
satisfied.
 
“Redemption Notice” is defined in Section 3.6(a)(ii).
 
“Redemption Notice Date” is defined in Section 3.6(a)(ii).
 
“Regulatory Allocations” is defined in Section 4.2(i).
 
“Reorganization” is defined in the recitals to this Agreement.
 
“Retraction Condition” means any of the following conditions with respect 
to a Redemption by a Redeeming Member: (a) any registration statement 
pursuant to which the resale of Class A Common Stock to be registered for 
such Redeeming Member at or immediately following the consummation of such 
Redemption shall have ceased to be effective pursuant to any action or 
inaction by the SEC or no such resale registration statement has yet become 
effective; (b) PubCo shall have failed to cause any related prospectus to 
be supplemented by any required prospectus supplement necessary to effect 
the sale of shares of Class A Common Stock received with respect to such 
Redemption; (c) PubCo shall have exercised its right to defer, delay or 
suspend the filing or effectiveness of a registration statement and such 
deferral, delay or suspension shall affect the ability of such Redeeming 
Member to have the resale of its Class A Common Stock registered at or 
immediately following the consummation of the Redemption; (d) PubCo or the 
Company shall have disclosed to such Redeeming Member any material 
non-public information concerning PubCo or the Company, the receipt of 
which results in such Redeeming Member being prohibited or restricted from 
selling Class A Common Stock at or immediately following the Redemption 
without disclosure of such information (and PubCo does not permit 
disclosure); (e) any stop order relating to the registration statement 
pursuant to which the Class A Common Stock was to be registered by such 
Redeeming Member at or immediately following the Redemption shall have been 
issued by the SEC; (f) there shall be in effect an injunction, a 
restraining order or a decree of any nature of
 
12
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
any Governmental Entity that restrains or prohibits the Redemption; or (g) 
the Redemption Date would occur three Business Days or less prior to, or 
during, a Black-Out Period.
 
“Retraction Notice” is defined in Section 3.6(b).
 
“SEC” means the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, including any 
governmental body or agency succeeding to the functions thereof.
 
“Securities Act” means the Securities Act of 1933, and the rules and 
regulations promulgated thereunder, as the same may be amended from time to 
time (or any corresponding provisions of succeeding law).
 
“Sponsor” is defined in Section 7.4(a).
 
“Subsidiary” means, with respect to any specified Person, any other Person 
with respect to which such specified Person (a) has, directly or 
indirectly, the power, through the ownership of securities or otherwise, to 
elect a majority of directors or similar managing body or (b) beneficially 
owns, directly or indirectly, a majority of such Person’s Equity 
Securities.
 
“Tax Matters Member” means the “tax matters partner” as defined in Code 
Section 6231(a)(7) and as appointed in Section 9.4.
 
“Tax Receivable Agreement” means the Tax Receivable Agreement, dated as of 
January 29, 2018, by and among PubCo and the other parties thereto, as may 
be amended, supplemented or restated from time to time, and any similar 
agreement entered into by PubCo after the Effective Date.
 
“Transfer” means, when used as a noun, any voluntary or involuntary, direct 
or indirect (whether through a change of control of the Transferor or any 
Person that controls the Transferor, the issuance or transfer of Equity 
Securities of the Transferor, by operation of law or otherwise), transfer, 
sale, pledge or hypothecation or other disposition and, when used as a 
verb, voluntarily or involuntarily, directly or indirectly (whether through 
a change of control of the Transferor or any Person that controls the 
Transferor, the issuance or transfer of Equity Securities of the Transferor 
or any Person that controls the Transferor, by operation of law or 
otherwise), to transfer, sell, pledge or hypothecate or otherwise dispose 
of.  The terms “Transferee,” “Transferor,” “Transferred,” and other forms 
of the word “Transfer” shall have the correlative meanings.
 
“Transfer Agent” is defined in Section 3.6(a)(iii).
 
“Treasury Regulations” means pronouncements, as amended from time to time, 
or their successor pronouncements, which clarify, interpret and apply the 
provisions of the Code, and which are designated as “Treasury Regulations” 
by the United States Department of the Treasury.
 
“Uniform Commercial Code” means the Uniform Commercial Code or any 
successor provision thereof as the same may from time to time be in effect 
in the State of Delaware.
 
“Units” means the Units issued hereunder and shall also include any equity 
security of the Company issued in respect of or in exchange for Units, 
whether by way of dividend or other
 
13
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
distribution, split, recapitalization, merger, rollup transaction, 
consolidation, conversion or reorganization.
 
“Winding-Up Member” is defined in Section 10.3(a).
 
Section 1.2                                    Interpretive Provisions.  
For all purposes of this Agreement, except as otherwise expressly provided 
or unless the context otherwise requires:
 
        (a)                                 the terms defined in Section
        1.1 are applicable to the singular as well as the plural forms of
        such terms;
 
        (b)                                 all accounting terms not
        otherwise defined herein have the meanings assigned under GAAP;
 
        (c)                                  all references to currency,
        monetary values and dollars set forth herein shall mean United
        States (U.S.) dollars and all payments hereunder shall be made in
        United States dollars;
 
        (d)                                 when a reference is made in
        this Agreement to an Article, Section, Exhibit or Schedule, such
        reference is to an Article or Section of, or an Exhibit or Schedule
        to, this Agreement unless otherwise indicated;
 
        (e)                                  whenever the words “include”,
        “includes” or “including” are used in this Agreement, they shall be
        deemed to be followed by the words “without limitation”;
 
        (f)                                   “or” is not exclusive;
 
        (g)                                  pronouns of either gender or
        neuter shall include, as appropriate, the other pronoun forms; and
 
        (h)                                 the words “hereof”, “herein”
        and “hereunder” and words of similar import, when used in this
        Agreement, refer to this Agreement as a whole and not to any
        particular provision of this Agreement.
 
ARTICLE II
 
ORGANIZATION OF THE LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY
 
Section 2.1                                    Formation.  The Company has 
been formed as a limited liability company subject to the provisions of the 
Act upon the terms, provisions and conditions set forth in this Agreement.
 
Section 2.2                                    Filing.  The Company’s 
Certificate of Formation has been filed with the Secretary of State of the 
State of Delaware in accordance with the Act.  The Members shall execute 
such further documents (including amendments to such Certificate of 
Formation) and take such further action as is appropriate to comply with 
the requirements of Law for the formation or operation of a limited 
liability company in Delaware and in all states and counties where the 
Company may conduct its business.
 
14
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
Section 2.3                                    Name.  The name of the 
Company is “Cactus Wellhead, LLC” and all business of the Company shall be 
conducted in such name or, in the discretion of the Managing Member, under 
any other name.
 
Section 2.4                                    Registered Office; 
Registered Agent.  The location of the registered office of the Company in 
the State of Delaware is 1209 Orange Street, Wilmington, Delaware 19801, or 
at such other place as the Managing Member from time to time may select.  
The name and address for service of process on the Company in the State of 
Delaware are The Corporation Trust Company, 1209 Orange Street, Wilmington, 
Delaware 19801, or such other qualified Person as the Managing Member may 
designate from time to time and its business address.
 
Section 2.5                                    Principal Place of Business
.  The principal place of business of the Company shall be located in such 
place as is determined by the Managing Member from time to time.
 
Section 2.6                                    Purpose; Powers.  The nature 
of the business or purposes to be conducted or promoted by the Company is 
to engage in any lawful act or activity for which limited liability 
companies may be formed under the Act.  The Company shall have the power 
and authority to take any and all actions and engage in any and all 
activities necessary, appropriate, desirable, advisable, ancillary or 
incidental to the accomplishment of the foregoing purpose.
 
Section 2.7                                    Term.  The term of the 
Company commenced on the date of filing of the Certificate of Formation of 
the Company with the office of the Secretary of State of the State of 
Delaware in accordance with the Act and shall continue indefinitely.  The 
Company may be dissolved and its affairs wound up only in accordance with 
Article X.
 
Section 2.8                                    Intent.  It is the intent of 
the Members that the Company be operated in a manner consistent with its 
treatment as a “partnership” for U.S. federal and applicable state income 
tax purposes.  It is also the intent of the Members that the Company not be 
operated or treated as a “partnership” for purposes of Section 303 of the 
Federal Bankruptcy Code.  Neither the Company nor any Member shall take any 
action inconsistent with the express intent of the parties hereto as set 
forth in this Section 2.8.
 
ARTICLE III
 
OWNERSHIP AND CAPITAL CONTRIBUTIONS; CAPITAL ACCOUNTS
 
Section 3.1                                    Authorized Units; General 
Provisions With Respect to Units.
 
        (a)                                 Subject to the provisions of
        this Agreement, the Company shall be authorized to issue from time
        to time such number of Units and such other Equity Securities as
        the Managing Member shall determine in accordance with Section 3.3
        .  Each authorized Unit may be issued pursuant to such agreements
        as the Managing Member shall approve, including pursuant to options
        and warrants.  The Company may reissue any Units that have been
        repurchased or acquired by the Company.
 
        (b)                                 Each outstanding Unit shall be
        identical (except as provided in Section 3.1(e) or Section 3.3).
 
15
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
        (c)                                  Initially, none of the Units
        will be represented by certificates.  If the Managing Member
        determines that it is in the interest of the Company to issue
        certificates representing the Units, certificates will be issued
        and the Units will be represented by those certificates, and this
        Agreement shall be amended as the Managing Member shall determine
        necessary or desirable to reflect the issuance of certificated
        Units for purposes of the Uniform Commercial Code.  Nothing
        contained in this Section 3.1(c) shall be deemed to authorize or
        permit any Member to Transfer its Units except as otherwise
        permitted under this Agreement.
 
        (d)                                 The total number of Units
        issued and outstanding and held by the Members is set forth on 
        Exhibit A (as amended from time to time in accordance with the
        terms of this Agreement) as of the date set forth therein.
 
        (e)                                  If, at any time after the
        Effective Time, PubCo issues a share of its Class A Common Stock or
        any other Equity Security of PubCo (other than shares of Class B
        Common Stock), (i) the Company shall concurrently issue to PubCo
        one Unit (if PubCo issues a share of Class A Common Stock), or such
        other Equity Security of the Company (if PubCo issues Equity
        Securities other than Class A Common Stock) corresponding to the
        Equity Securities issued by PubCo, and with substantially the same
        rights to dividends and distributions (including distributions upon
        liquidation) and other economic rights as those of such Equity
        Securities of PubCo to be issued and (ii) PubCo shall concurrently
        contribute to the Company the net proceeds or other property
        received by PubCo for such share of Class A Common Stock or other
        Equity Security; provided, however, that if PubCo issues any shares
        of Class A Common Stock in order to acquire or fund the acquisition
        from a Member of a number of Units (and shares of Class B Common
        Stock) equal to the number of shares of Class A Common Stock so
        issued, then the Company shall not issue any new Units in
        connection therewith and, where such shares of Class A Common Stock
        have been issued for cash to fund an acquisition, PubCo shall not
        be required to transfer such net proceeds to the Company, and such
        net proceeds shall instead be transferred to such Member as
        consideration for such acquisition.  Notwithstanding the foregoing,
        this Section 3.1(e) shall not apply to the issuance and
        distribution to holders of shares of PubCo Common Stock of rights
        to purchase Equity Securities of PubCo under a “poison pill” or
        similar shareholders rights plan (and upon any redemption of Units
        for Class A Common Stock, such Class A Common Stock will be issued
        together with a corresponding right under such plan), or to the
        issuance under PubCo’s employee benefit plans of any warrants,
        options, other rights to acquire Equity Securities of PubCo or
        rights or property that may be converted into or settled in Equity
        Securities of PubCo, but shall in each of the foregoing cases apply
        to the issuance of Equity Securities of PubCo in connection with
        the exercise or settlement of such rights, warrants, options or
        other rights or property.  Except pursuant to Section 3.6, (x) the
        Company may not issue any additional Units to PubCo or any of its
        Subsidiaries unless substantially simultaneously therewith PubCo or
        such Subsidiary issues or sells an equal number of newly-issued
        shares of PubCo’s Class A Common Stock to another Person, and (y)
        the Company may not issue any other Equity Securities of the
        Company to PubCo or any of its Subsidiaries unless substantially
        simultaneously PubCo or such Subsidiary issues or sells, to
 
16
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
        another Person, an equal number of newly-issued shares of a new
        class or series of Equity Securities of PubCo or such Subsidiary
        with substantially the same rights to dividends and distributions
        (including distributions upon liquidation) and other economic
        rights as those of such Equity Securities of the Company.  If at
        any time PubCo or any of its Subsidiaries (other than the Company
        and its Subsidiaries) issues Debt Securities, PubCo or such
        Subsidiary shall transfer to the Company (in a manner to be
        determined by the Managing Member in its reasonable discretion) the
        proceeds received by PubCo or such Subsidiary in exchange for such
        Debt Securities in a manner that directly or indirectly burdens the
        Company with the repayment of the Debt Securities. In the event any
        Equity Security outstanding at PubCo is exercised or otherwise
        converted and, as a result, any shares of Class A Common Stock or
        other Equity Securities of PubCo are issued, the corresponding
        Equity Security outstanding at the Company shall be similarly
        exercised or otherwise converted, as applicable, and an equivalent
        number of Units or other Equity Securities of the Company shall be
        issued to PubCo as contemplated by the first sentence of this 
        Section 3.1(e).
 
        (f)                                   PubCo or any of its
        Subsidiaries may not redeem, repurchase or otherwise acquire (i)
        any shares of Class A Common Stock (including upon forfeiture of
        any unvested shares of Class A Common Stock) unless substantially
        simultaneously the Company redeems, repurchases or otherwise
        acquires from PubCo or such Subsidiary an equal number of Units for
        the same price per security or (ii) any other Equity Securities of
        PubCo, unless substantially simultaneously the Company redeems,
        repurchases or otherwise acquires from PubCo or such Subsidiary an
        equal number of Equity Securities of the Company of a corresponding
        class or series with substantially the same rights to dividends and
        distributions (including distributions upon liquidation) and other
        economic rights as those of such Equity Securities of PubCo for the
        same price per security.  The Company may not redeem, repurchase or
        otherwise acquire (x) except pursuant to Section 3.6, any Units
        from PubCo or any of its Subsidiaries unless substantially
        simultaneously PubCo or such Subsidiary redeems, repurchases or
        otherwise acquires an equal number of shares of Class A Common
        Stock for the same price per security from holders thereof, or (y)
        any other Equity Securities of the Company from PubCo or any of its
        Subsidiaries unless substantially simultaneously PubCo or such
        Subsidiary redeems, repurchases or otherwise acquires for the same
        price per security an equal number of Equity Securities of PubCo of
        a corresponding class or series with substantially the same rights
        to dividends and distributions (including distribution upon
        liquidation) and other economic rights as those of such Equity
        Securities of PubCo. Notwithstanding the foregoing, to the extent
        that any consideration payable by PubCo in connection with the
        redemption or repurchase of any shares of Class A Common Stock or
        other Equity Securities of PubCo or any of its Subsidiaries
        consists (in whole or in part) of shares of Class A Common Stock or
        such other Equity Securities (including, for the avoidance of
        doubt, in connection with the cashless exercise of an option or
        warrant), then the redemption or repurchase of the corresponding
        Units or other Equity Securities of the Company shall be
        effectuated in an equivalent manner.
 
17
------------------------------------------------------------------------

         
        (g)                                  The Company shall not in any
        manner effect any subdivision (by any equity split, equity
        distribution, reclassification, recapitalization or otherwise) or
        combination (by reverse equity split, reclassification,
        recapitalization or otherwise) of the outstanding Units unless
        accompanied by an identical subdivision or combination, as
        applicable, of the outstanding PubCo Common Stock, with
        corresponding changes made with respect to any other exchangeable
        or convertible securities.  PubCo shall not in any manner effect
        any subdivision (by any equity split, equity distribution,
        reclassification, recapitalization or otherwise) or combination (by
        reverse equity split, reclassification, recapitalization or
        otherwise) of the outstanding PubCo Common Stock unless accompanied
        by an identical subdivision or combination, as applicable, of the
        outstanding Units, with corresponding changes made with respect to
        any other exchangeable or convertible securities.
 
        (h)                                 Notwithstanding any other
        provision of this Agreement (including Section 3.1(e)), if PubCo
        holds any excess cash amount, PubCo may, in its sole discretion,
        contribute such excess cash amount to the Company in exchange for a
        number of Units or other Equity Securities of the Company
        determined in its sole discretion, and distribute to the holders of
        Class A Common Stock shares of Class A Common Stock (if the Company
        issues Units to PubCo) or such other Equity Security of PubCo (if
        the Company issues Equity Securities of the Company other than
        Units) corresponding to the Equity Securities issued by the Company
        and with substantially the same rights to dividends and
        distributions (including distributions upon liquidation) and other
        economic rights as those of such Equity Securities of the Company
        issued.
 
Section 3.2                                    Voting Rights.  No Member 
has any voting right except with respect to those matters specifically 
reserved for a Member vote under the Act and for matters expressly 
requiring the approval of Members under this Agreement.  Except as 
otherwise required by the Act, each Unit will entitle the holder thereof to 
one vote on all matters to be voted on by the Members.  Except as otherwise 
expressly provided in this Agreement, the holders of Units having voting 
rights will vote together as a single class on all matters to be approved 
by the Members.
 
Section 3.3                                    Capital Contributions; Unit 
Ownership.
 
        (a)                                 Capital Contributions.  Except
        as otherwise set forth in Section 3.1(e), no Member shall be
        required to make additional Capital Contributions.
 
        (b)                                 Issuance of Additional Units or
        Interests.  Except as otherwise expressly provided in this
        Agreement, the Managing Member shall have the right to authorize
        and cause the Company to issue on such terms (including price) as
        may be determined by the Managing Member (i) subject to the
        limitations of Section 3.1, additional Units or other Equity
        Securities in the Company (including creating preferred interests
        or other classes or series of interests having such rights,
        preferences and privileges as determined by the Managing Member,
        which rights, preferences and privileges may be senior to the
        Units), and (ii) obligations, evidences of Indebtedness or other
        securities or interests convertible or exchangeable for Units or
        other Equity Securities in the Company; provided that, at any time
        following the Effective Date, in each case the Company shall not
        issue Equity Securities in the Company to any
 
18
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
        Person unless such Person shall have executed a counterpart to this
        Agreement and all other documents, agreements or instruments deemed
        necessary or desirable in the discretion of the Managing Member. 
        Upon such issuance and execution, such Person shall be admitted as
        a Member of the Company.  In that event, the Managing Member shall
        amend Exhibit A to reflect such additional issuances.  Subject to 
        Section 11.1, the Managing Member is hereby authorized to amend
        this Agreement to set forth the designations, preferences, rights,
        powers and duties of such additional Units or other Equity
        Securities in the Company, or such other amendments that the
        Managing Member determines to be otherwise necessary or appropriate
        in connection with the creation, authorization or issuance of, any
        class or series of Units or other Equity Securities in the Company
        pursuant to this Section 3.3(b); provided that, notwithstanding the
        foregoing, the Managing Member shall have the right to amend this
        Agreement as set forth in this sentence without the approval of any
        other Person (including any Member) and notwithstanding any other
        provision of this Agreement (including Section 11.1) if such
        amendment is necessary in order to consummate any offering of
        shares of PubCo Common Stock or other Equity Securities of PubCo
        provided that the designations, preferences, rights, powers and
        duties of any such additional Units or other Equity Securities of
        the Company as set forth in such amendment are substantially
        similar to those applicable to such shares of PubCo Common Stock or
        other Equity Securities of PubCo.
 
Section 3.4                                    Capital Accounts.  A Capital 
Account shall be maintained for each Member in accordance with the 
provisions of Treasury Regulations Section 1.704-1(b)(2)(iv) and, to the 
extent consistent with such regulations, the other provisions of this 
Agreement.  Each Member’s Capital Account balance as of the Effective Date 
shall be equal to the amount of its respective Closing Date Capital Account 
Balance set forth opposite such Member’s name on Exhibit A.  Thereafter, 
each Member’s Capital Account shall be (a) increased by (i) allocations to 
such Member of Profits pursuant to Section 4.1 and any other items of 
income or gain allocated to such Member pursuant to Section 4.2, (ii) the 
amount of additional cash or the initial Gross Asset Value of any asset 
(net of any Liabilities assumed by the Member and any Liabilities to which 
the asset is subject) contributed to the Company by such Member, and (iii) 
any other increases allowed or required by Treasury Regulations Section 
1.704-1(b)(2)(iv), and (b) decreased by (i) allocations to such Member of 
Losses pursuant to Section 4.1 and any other items of deduction or loss 
allocated to such Member pursuant to the provisions of Section 4.2, (ii) 
the amount of any cash or the Gross Asset Value of any asset (net of any 
Liabilities assumed by the Member and any Liabilities to which the asset is 
subject) distributed to such Member, and (iii) any other decreases allowed 
or required by Treasury Regulations Section 1.704-1(b)(2)(iv).  In the 
event of a Transfer of Units made in accordance with this Agreement 
(including a deemed Transfer for U.S. federal income tax purposes as 
described in Section 3.6(a)(iv)), the Capital Account of the Transferor 
that is attributable to the Transferred Units shall carry over to the 
Transferee Member in accordance with the provisions of Treasury Regulations 
Section 1.704-1(b)(2)(iv)(l).
 
Section 3.5                                    Other Matters.
 
        (a)                                 No Member shall demand or
        receive a return on or of its Capital Contributions or withdraw
        from the Company without the consent of the Managing Member.  Under
 
19
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
        circumstances requiring a return of any Capital Contributions, no
        Member has the right to receive property other than cash.
 
        (b)                                 No Member shall receive any
        interest, salary, compensation, draw or reimbursement with respect
        to its Capital Contributions or its Capital Account, or for
        services rendered or expenses incurred on behalf of the Company or
        otherwise in its capacity as a Member, except as otherwise provided
        in Section 6.9 or as otherwise contemplated by this Agreement.
 
        (c)                                  The Liability of each Member
        shall be limited as set forth in the Act and other applicable Law
        and, except as expressly set forth in this Agreement or required by
        Law, no Member (or any of its Affiliates) shall be personally
        liable, whether to the Company, any of the other Members, the
        creditors of the Company, or any other third party, for any debt or
        Liability of the Company, whether arising in contract, tort or
        otherwise, solely by reason of being a Member of the Company.
 
        (d)                                 Except as otherwise required by
        the Act, a Member shall not be required to restore a deficit
        balance in such Member’s Capital Account, to lend any funds to the
        Company or, except as otherwise set forth herein, to make any
        additional contributions or payments to the Company.
 
        (e)                                  The Company shall not be
        obligated to repay any Capital Contributions of any Member.
 
Section 3.6                                    Redemption of Units.
 
        (a)                                 (i) Upon the terms and subject
        to the conditions set forth in this Section 3.6, each of the
        Members (other than PubCo and its wholly-owned Subsidiaries) (the “
        Redeeming Member”) shall be entitled to cause the Company to redeem
        all or a portion of such Member’s Units (together with the transfer
        and surrender of the same number of shares of Class B Common Stock)
        for an equivalent number of shares of Class A Common Stock (a “
        Redemption”) or, at the Company’s election made in accordance with 
        Section 3.6(a)(iv), cash equal to the Cash Election Amount
        calculated with respect to such Redemption.  A Redeeming Member
        shall be permitted to effect a Redemption of Units no more
        frequently than once per calendar quarter. The Managing Member may,
        in its discretion, adopt a policy to limit quarterly exchanges to a
        particular period during each quarter.  With respect to each
        Redemption, a Redeeming Member shall be required to redeem at least
        a number of Units equal to the lesser of (A) 2,500 Units and (B)
        All Owned Units (excluding, for this purpose only, HoldCo Units not
        eligible for redemption pursuant to the terms of the A&R HoldCo
        Agreement at the time of the relevant Redemption).  
        Notwithstanding the preceding clause (A) of this Section 3.6(a)(i),
        with respect to each Redemption, if the Redeeming Member is any of
        Bender Investment Company, Scott Bender, Joel Bender, Steven
        Bender, Cadent Energy Partners II, L.P. (or any affiliated funds or
        investment vehicles managed by Cadent Energy Partners, LLC) or Lee
        Boquet, such Redeeming Member  shall be required to redeem at least
        a number of Units equal to the lesser of 10,000 Units and All Owned
        Units, and if the
 
20
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
        Redeeming Member is a Former A-1 Unitholder, such Redeeming Member 
        shall be required to redeem at least a number of Units equal to the
        lesser of 1,000 Units and All Owned Units (excluding, for this
        purpose only, HoldCo Units not eligible for redemption pursuant to
        the terms of the A&R HoldCo Agreement at the time of the relevant
        Redemption).  Notwithstanding the foregoing, subject to Section
        3.6(j) and Section 3.6(k), a Redeeming Member may exercise its
        redemption right with respect to All Owned Units of such Member or
        at least 1,000,000 Units at any time. Upon the Redemption of all of
        a Member’s Units, such Member shall, for the avoidance of doubt,
        cease to be a Member of the Company.
 
            (ii)                                  In order to exercise the
            redemption right under Section 3.6(a)(i), the Redeeming Member
            shall provide written notice (the “Redemption Notice”) to the
            Company, with a copy to PubCo (the date of delivery of such
            Redemption Notice, the “Redemption Notice Date”), stating:
 
                (A)                               the number of Units
                (together with the transfer and surrender of an equal
                number of shares of Class B Common Stock) the Redeeming
                Member elects to have the Company redeem;
 
                (B)                               if the shares of Class A
                Common Stock to be received are to be issued other than in
                the name of the Redeeming Member, the name(s) of the
                Person(s) in whose name or on whose order the shares of
                Class A Common Stock are to be issued;
 
                (C)                               if the shares of Class A
                Common Stock are then publicly traded, whether the exercise
                of the redemption right is contingent upon the price of a
                share of Class A Common Stock at the close of business on
                the last trading day prior to the Redemption Date (as
                reported by Bloomberg, L.P. or its successor) being equal
                to a specified price, and, if so, such price;
 
                (D)                               whether the exercise of
                the redemption right is to be contingent (including as to
                timing) upon the closing of an underwritten offering of the
                shares of Class A Common Stock for which the Units will be
                redeemed or the closing of an announced merger,
                consolidation or other transaction or event to which PubCo
                is a party in which the shares of Class A Common Stock
                would be exchanged or converted or become exchangeable for
                or convertible into cash or other securities or property;
                and
 
                (E)                                if the Redeeming Member
                requires the Redemption to take place on a specific
                Business Day, such Business Day, provided that, any such
                specified Business Day not be earlier than the date that
                would otherwise apply pursuant to clause (a) of the
                definition of Redemption Date.
 
21
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
            (iii)                               If the Units to be redeemed
            (or the shares of Class B Common Stock to be transferred and
            surrendered) by the Redeeming Member are represented by a
            certificate or certificates, prior to the Redemption Date, the
            Redeeming Member shall also present and surrender such
            certificate or certificates representing such Units (or shares
            of Class B Common Stock) during normal business hours at the
            principal executive offices of the Company, or if any agent for
            the registration or transfer of Class A Common Stock is then
            duly appointed and acting (the “Transfer Agent”), at the office
            of the Transfer Agent.  If required by the Managing Member, any
            certificate for Units and any certificate for shares of Class B
            Common Stock (in each case, if certificated) surrendered to the
            Company hereunder shall be accompanied by instruments of
            transfer, in forms reasonably satisfactory to the Managing
            Member and the Transfer Agent, duly executed by the Redeeming
            Member or the Redeeming Member’s duly authorized
            representative.
 
            (iv)                              Upon receipt of a Redemption
            Notice, the Company shall be entitled to elect (a “Cash
            Election”) to settle the Redemption by delivering to the
            Redeeming Member, in lieu of the applicable number of shares of
            Class A Common Stock that would be received in such Redemption,
            an amount of cash equal to the Cash Election Amount for such
            Redemption.  In order to make a Cash Election with respect to a
            Redemption, the Company must provide written notice of such
            election to the Redeeming Member (with a copy to PubCo) prior
            to 1:00 p.m., Houston time, on the seventh Business Day after
            the Redemption Notice Date.  If the Company fails to provide
            such written notice prior to such time, it shall not be
            entitled to make a Cash Election with respect to such
            Redemption.
 
            (v)                                 For U.S. federal income
            (and applicable state and local) tax purposes, each of the
            Redeeming Member, the Company and PubCo, as the case may be,
            agree to treat each Redemption and, in the event PubCo
            exercises its Call Right, each Call Purchase, as a sale of the
            Redeeming Member’s Units (together with the same number of
            shares of Class B Common Stock) to PubCo in exchange for shares
            of Class A Common Stock or cash, as applicable.
 
            (b)                                                            
                                (i) Subject to the satisfaction of any
            contingency described in Section 3.6(a)(ii)(C) or (D) that is
            specified in the relevant Redemption Notice, the Redemption
            shall be completed on the Redemption Date; provided, that if a
            valid Cash Election has not been made and a Retraction
            Condition occurs, the Redeeming Member may, at any time prior
            to the Redemption Date, revoke its Redemption Notice or delay
            the consummation of a Redemption by giving written notice (the
            “Retraction Notice”) to the Company (with a copy to PubCo); 
            provided that in no event shall the Redeeming Member seeking to
            revoke or delay the consummation of such Redemption and relying
            on any of the matters contemplated in the definition of
            Retraction Condition have controlled or intentionally
            materially influenced any facts, circumstances, or Persons in
            connection therewith (except in the good faith performance of
            his or her duties as an officer or director of PubCo) in order
 
22
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
            to provide such Redeeming Member with a basis for such
            revocation or delay.  The timely delivery of a Retraction
            Notice that revokes a Redemption Notice shall terminate all of
            the Redeeming Member’s, the Company’s and PubCo’s rights and
            obligations arising from the retracted Redemption Notice.  If a
            Redeeming Member delays the consummation of a Redemption
            pursuant to a Retraction Notice, (A) unless the Redeeming
            Member delivers a Retraction Notice in accordance with Section
            3.6(b)(i)(B), the Redemption Date shall occur on the first
            Business Day following the date on which the conditions giving
            rise to such delay cease to exist (or such earlier day as
            PubCo, the Company and such Redeeming Member may agree in
            writing) and (B) the Redeeming Member may retract its
            Redemption Notice by giving a Retraction Notice to the Company
            (with a copy to PubCo) at any time prior to the date on which
            the conditions giving rise to such delay cease to exist.
 
            (ii)                                  Unless the Redeeming
            Member has timely delivered a Retraction Notice revoking a
            Redemption Notice as provided in Section 3.6(b)(i) or PubCo has
            elected its Call Right pursuant to Section 3.6(f), on the
            Redemption Date (to be effective immediately prior to the close
            of business on the Redemption Date) (A) the Redeeming Member
            shall transfer and surrender the Units to be redeemed (and a
            corresponding number of shares of Class B Common Stock) to the
            Company, in each case free and clear of all liens and
            encumbrances, (B) PubCo shall contribute to the Company the
            consideration the Redeeming Member is entitled to receive under 
            Section 3.6(a)(i) or Section 3.6(a)(iv) and, as described in 
            Section 3.1(e), the Company shall issue to PubCo a number of
            Units or other Equity Securities of the Company as
            consideration for such contribution, (C) the Company shall (x)
            cancel the redeemed Units, (y) transfer to the Redeeming Member
            the consideration the Redeeming Member is entitled to receive
            under Section 3.6(a)(i) or Section 3.6(a)(iv), and (z) if the
            Units are certificated, issue to the Redeeming Member a
            certificate for a number of Units equal to the difference (if
            any) between the number of Units evidenced by the certificate
            surrendered by the Redeeming Member pursuant to clause (ii)(A)
            of this Section 3.6(b) and the number of redeemed Units, and
            (D) PubCo shall cancel the surrendered shares of Class B Common
            Stock.
 
        (c)                                  If (i) there is any
        reclassification, reorganization, recapitalization or other similar
        transaction pursuant to which the shares of Class A Common Stock
        are converted or changed into another security, securities or other
        property (other than as a result of a subdivision or combination or
        any transaction subject to Section 3.1(g)), or (ii) PubCo, by
        dividend or otherwise, distributes to all holders of the shares of
        Class A Common Stock evidences of its Indebtedness or assets,
        including securities (including shares of Class A Common Stock and
        any rights, options or warrants to all holders of the shares of
        Class A Common Stock to subscribe for or to purchase or to
        otherwise acquire shares of Class A Common Stock, or other
        securities or rights convertible into, exchangeable for or
        exercisable for shares of Class A Common Stock) but excluding any
        cash dividend or distribution as well as any such distribution of
        Indebtedness or assets received by PubCo from the Company in
 
23
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
        respect of the Units, then upon any subsequent Redemption, in
        addition to the shares of Class A Common Stock or the Cash Election
        Amount, as applicable, each Member shall be entitled to receive the
        amount of such security, securities or other property that such
        Member would have received if such Redemption had occurred
        immediately prior to the effective date of such reclassification,
        reorganization, recapitalization, other similar transaction,
        dividend or other distribution, taking into account any adjustment
        as a result of any subdivision (by any split, distribution or
        dividend, reclassification, reorganization, recapitalization or
        otherwise) or combination (by reverse split, reclassification,
        recapitalization or otherwise) of such security, securities or
        other property that occurs after the effective time of such
        reclassification, reorganization, recapitalization or other similar
        transaction.  For the avoidance of doubt, if there is any
        reclassification, reorganization, recapitalization or other similar
        transaction in which the shares of Class A Common Stock are
        converted or changed into another security, securities or other
        property, or any dividend or distribution (other than an excluded
        dividend or distribution, as described above), this Section 3.6 
        shall continue to be applicable, mutatis mutandis, with respect to
        such security or other property. This Agreement shall apply to the
        Units held by the Members as of the Effective Date, as well as any
        Units hereafter acquired by a Member, including Members who receive
        their Units pursuant to Section 8.3 of the A&R HoldCo Agreement.
 
        (d)                                 PubCo shall at all times keep
        available, solely for the purpose of issuance upon a Redemption,
        out of its authorized but unissued shares of Class A Common Stock
        or other Equity Securities, such number of shares of Class A Common
        Stock that shall be issuable upon the Redemption of all outstanding
        Units (other than those Units held by PubCo or any Subsidiary of
        PubCo); provided, that nothing contained herein shall be construed
        to preclude PubCo from satisfying its obligations with respect to a
        Redemption by delivery of cash pursuant to a Cash Election or
        shares of Class A Common Stock or other Equity Securities that are
        held in the treasury of PubCo. PubCo covenants that all shares of
        Class A Common Stock and other Equity Securities that shall be
        issued upon a Redemption shall, upon issuance thereof, be validly
        issued, fully paid and non-assessable.  In addition, for so long as
        the shares of Class A Common Stock or other Equity Securities are
        listed on a National Securities Exchange, PubCo shall use its
        reasonable best efforts to cause all shares of Class A Common Stock
        and such other Equity Securities issued upon a Redemption to be
        listed on such National Securities Exchange at the time of such
        issuance.
 
        (e)                                  The issuance of shares of
        Class A Common Stock or other Equity Securities upon a Redemption
        shall be made without charge to the Redeeming Member for any stamp
        or other similar tax in respect of such issuance; provided, 
        however, that if any such shares of Class A Common Stock or other
        Equity Securities are to be issued in a name other than that of the
        Redeeming Member, then the Person or Persons in whose name the
        shares are to be issued shall pay to PubCo the amount of any tax
        that may be payable in respect of any transfer involved in such
        issuance or shall establish to the satisfaction of PubCo that such
        tax has been paid or is not payable.
 
24
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
        (f)                                   (i) Notwithstanding anything
        to the contrary in this Section 3.6, but subject to Section 3.6(g)
        , a Redeeming Member shall be deemed to have offered to sell its
        Units as described in the Redemption Notice to PubCo, and PubCo
        may, in its sole discretion, by means of delivery of a Call
        Election Notice in accordance with, and subject to the terms of,
        this Section 3.6(f), elect to purchase directly and acquire such
        Units (together with the transfer and surrender of the same number
        of shares of Class B Common Stock) on the Redemption Date by paying
        to the Redeeming Member (or, on the Redeeming Member’s written
        order and subject to Section 3.6(e), its designee) that number of
        shares of Class A Common Stock the Redeeming Member (or its
        designee) would otherwise receive pursuant to Section 3.6(a)(i) or,
        at PubCo’s election, an amount of cash equal to the Cash Election
        Amount of such shares of Class A Common Stock (the “Call Right”),
        whereupon PubCo shall acquire the Units offered for redemption by
        the Redeeming Member (together with the transfer and surrender of
        the same number of shares of Class B Common Stock to PubCo for
        cancellation).  PubCo shall be treated for all purposes of this
        Agreement as the owner of such Units; provided that if PubCo funds
        the Cash Election Amount other than through the issuance of shares
        of Class A Common Stock, such Units will be reclassified into
        another Equity Security of the Company if the Managing Member
        determines such reclassification is necessary.
 
            (ii)                                  PubCo may, at any time
            prior to the Redemption Date, in its sole discretion deliver
            written notice (a “Call Election Notice”) to the Company and
            the Redeeming Member setting forth its election to exercise its
            Call Right.  A Call Election Notice may be revoked by PubCo at
            any time; provided that any such revocation does not prejudice
            the ability of the parties to consummate a Redemption on the
            Redemption Date.  Except as otherwise provided by this Section
            3.6(f), an exercise of the Call Right shall be consummated
            pursuant to the same timeframe and in the same manner as the
            relevant Redemption would have been consummated if PubCo had
            not delivered a Call Election Notice.
 
        (g)                                  In connection with a PubCo
        Change of Control, PubCo shall have the right, in its sole
        discretion, to require each Member (other than PubCo and its
        wholly-owned Subsidiaries) to effect a Redemption of some or all of
        such Member’s Units (together with the transfer and surrender of
        the same number of shares of Class B Common Stock); provided that a
        Cash Election shall not be permitted pursuant to such a Redemption
        under this Section 3.6(g).  Any Redemption pursuant to this 
        Section 3.6(g) shall be effective immediately prior to the
        consummation of the PubCo Change of Control (and, for the avoidance
        of doubt, shall not be effective if such PubCo Change of Control is
        not consummated) (the “Change of Control Redemption Date”).  From
        and after the Change of Control Redemption Date, (i) the Units and
        shares of Class B Common Stock subject to such Redemption shall be
        deemed to be transferred to PubCo on the Change of Control
        Redemption Date and (ii) such Member shall cease to have any rights
        with respect to the Units and shares of Class B Common Stock
        subject to such Redemption (other than the right to receive shares
        of Class A Common Stock pursuant to such Redemption).  PubCo shall
        provide written notice of an expected PubCo Change of Control to
        all Members
 
25
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
        within the earlier of (x) five (5) Business Days following the
        execution of the agreement with respect to such PubCo Change of
        Control and (y) ten (10) Business Days before the proposed date
        upon which the contemplated PubCo Change of Control is to be
        effected, indicating in such notice such information as may
        reasonably describe the PubCo Change of Control transaction,
        subject to applicable law, including the date of execution of such
        agreement or such proposed effective date, as applicable, the
        amount and types of consideration to be paid for shares of Class A
        Common Stock in the PubCo Change of Control, any election with
        respect to types of consideration that a holder of shares of Class
        A Common Stock, as applicable, shall be entitled to make in
        connection with such PubCo Change of Control, and the number of
        Units (and corresponding shares of Class B Common Stock) held by
        such Member that PubCo intends to require to be subject to such
        Redemption.  Following delivery of such notice and on or prior to
        the Change of Control Redemption Date, the Members shall take all
        actions reasonably requested by PubCo to effect such Redemption,
        including taking any action and delivering any document required
        pursuant to the remainder of this Section 3.6 to effect a
        Redemption.
 
        (h)                                 No Redemption shall impair the
        right of the Redeeming Member to receive any distributions payable
        on the Units redeemed pursuant to such Redemption in respect of a
        record date that occurs prior to the Redemption Date for such
        Redemption.  For the avoidance of doubt, no Redeeming Member, or a
        Person designated by a Redeeming Member to receive shares of Class
        A Common Stock, shall be entitled to receive, with respect to such
        record date, distributions or dividends both on Units redeemed by
        the Company from such Redeeming Member and on shares of Class A
        Common Stock received by such Redeeming Member, or other Person so
        designated, if applicable, in such Redemption.
 
        (i)                                     Any Units acquired by the
        Company under this Section 3.6 and transferred by the Company to
        PubCo shall remain outstanding and shall not be cancelled as a
        result of their acquisition by the Company.  Notwithstanding any
        other provision of this Agreement, PubCo shall be automatically
        admitted as a Member of the Company with respect to any Units or
        other Equity Securities in the Company it receives under this
        Agreement (including under this Section 3.6 in connection with any
        Redemption).
 
        (j)                                    Notwithstanding any other
        provision of this Section 3.6, the Managing Member may, by written
        notice to the Members, suspend the redemption rights of the Members
        as set forth in this Section 3.6 for an aggregate period of up to
        90 days in any calendar year.  For the avoidance of doubt,
        following the delivery of a Redemption Notice by any Redeeming
        Member, if the Managing Member suspends the redemption rights of
        the Members, such Redeeming Member may deliver a Retraction Notice
        and revoke its Redemption Notice at any time prior to the later of
        (x) the applicable Redemption Date or (y) the date of the
        consummation of the applicable Redemption.
 
        (k)                                 The Managing Member may impose
        additional limitations and restrictions on Redemptions (including
        limiting Redemptions or creating priority procedures for
 
26
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
        Redemptions), to the extent it determines, in its sole discretion,
        such limitations and restrictions to be necessary or appropriate to
        avoid undue risk that the Company may be classified as a “publicly
        traded partnership” within the meaning of Section 7704 of the Code.
         Furthermore, the Managing Member may require any Member or group
        of Members to redeem all of their Units to the extent it
        determines, in its sole discretion, that such Redemption is
        necessary or appropriate to avoid undue risk that the Company may
        be classified as a “publicly traded partnership” within the meaning
        of Section 7704 of the Code.  Upon delivery of any notice by the
        Managing Member to such Member or group of Members requiring such
        Redemption, such Member or group of Members shall exchange, subject
        to exercise by PubCo of its Call Right pursuant to Section
        3.6(f)(i), all of their Units effective as of the date specified in
        such notice (and such date shall be deemed to be a Redemption Date
        for purposes of this Agreement) in accordance with this Section 3.6 
        and otherwise in accordance with the requirements set forth in such
        notice.
 
ARTICLE IV
 
ALLOCATIONS OF PROFITS AND LOSSES
 
Section 4.1                                    Profits and Losses.  After 
giving effect to the allocations under Section 4.2 and subject to Section 
4.4, Profits and Losses (and, to the extent determined by the Managing 
Member to be necessary and appropriate to achieve the resulting Capital 
Account balances described below, any allocable items of income, gain, 
loss, deduction or credit includable in the computation of Profits and 
Losses) for each Fiscal Year or other taxable period shall be allocated 
among the Members during such Fiscal Year or other taxable period in a 
manner such that, after giving effect to the special allocations set forth 
in Section 4.2 and all distributions through the end of such Fiscal Year or 
other taxable period, the Capital Account balance of each Member, 
immediately after making such allocation, is, as nearly as possible, equal 
to (i) the amount such Member would receive pursuant to Section 10.3(b) if 
all assets of the Company on hand at the end of such Fiscal Year or other 
taxable period were sold for cash equal to their Gross Asset Values, all 
liabilities of the Company were satisfied in cash in accordance with their 
terms (limited with respect to each nonrecourse liability to the Gross 
Asset Value of the assets securing such liability), and all remaining or 
resulting cash was distributed, in accordance with Section 10.3(b), to the 
Members immediately after making such allocation, minus (ii) such Member’s 
share of Company Minimum Gain and Member Minimum Gain, computed immediately 
prior to the hypothetical sale of assets, and the amount any such Member is 
treated as obligated to contribute to the Company, computed immediately 
after the hypothetical sale of assets.
 
Section 4.2                                    Special Allocations.
 
        (a)                                 Nonrecourse Deductions for any
        Fiscal Year or other taxable period shall be specially allocated to
        the Members under any method determined by the Managing Member to
        be appropriate and in accordance with the applicable Treasury
        Regulations. The amount of Nonrecourse Deductions for a Fiscal Year
        or other taxable period shall equal the excess, if any, of the net
        increase, if any, in the amount of Company Minimum Gain during that
        Fiscal Year or other taxable period over the
 
27
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
        aggregate amount of any distributions during that Fiscal Year or
        other taxable period of proceeds of a Nonrecourse Liability that
        are allocable to an increase in Company Minimum Gain, determined in
        accordance with the provisions of Treasury Regulations Section
        1.704-2(d).
 
        (b)                                 Any Member Nonrecourse
        Deductions for any Fiscal Year or other taxable period shall be
        specially allocated to the Member who bears economic risk of loss
        with respect to the Member Nonrecourse Debt to which such Member
        Nonrecourse Deductions are attributable in accordance with Treasury
        Regulations Section 1.704-2(i).  If more than one Member bears the
        economic risk of loss for such Member Nonrecourse Debt, the Member
        Nonrecourse Deductions attributable to such Member Nonrecourse Debt
        shall be allocated among the Members according to the ratio in
        which they bear the economic risk of loss.  This Section 4.2(b) is
        intended to comply with the provisions of Treasury Regulations
        Section 1.704-2(i) and shall be interpreted consistently therewith.
 
        (c)                                  Notwithstanding any other
        provision of this Agreement to the contrary, if there is a net
        decrease in Company Minimum Gain during any Fiscal Year or other
        taxable period (or if there was a net decrease in Company Minimum
        Gain for a prior Fiscal Year or other taxable period and the
        Company did not have sufficient amounts of income and gain during
        prior periods to allocate among the Members under this Section
        4.2(c)), each Member shall be specially allocated items of Company
        income and gain for such Fiscal Year or other taxable period in an
        amount equal to such Member’s share of the net decrease in Company
        Minimum Gain during such year (as determined pursuant to Treasury
        Regulations Section 1.704-2(g)(2)).  This section is intended to
        constitute a minimum gain chargeback under Treasury Regulations
        Section 1.704-2(f) and shall be interpreted consistently therewith.
 
        (d)                                 Notwithstanding any other
        provision of this Agreement except Section 4.2(c), if there is a
        net decrease in Member Minimum Gain during any Fiscal Year or other
        taxable period (or if there was a net decrease in Member Minimum
        Gain for a prior Fiscal Year or other taxable period and the
        Company did not have sufficient amounts of income and gain during
        prior periods to allocate among the Members under this Section
        4.2(d)), each Member shall be specially allocated items of Company
        income and gain for such year in an amount equal to such Member’s
        share of the net decrease in Member Minimum Gain (as determined
        pursuant to Treasury Regulations Section 1.704-2(i)(4)).  This
        section is intended to constitute a partner nonrecourse debt
        minimum gain chargeback under Treasury Regulations Section
        1.704-2(i)(4) and shall be interpreted consistently therewith.
 
        (e)                                  Notwithstanding any provision
        hereof to the contrary except Section 4.2(a) and Section 4.2(b), no
        Losses or other items of loss or expense shall be allocated to any
        Member to the extent that such allocation would cause such Member
        to have an Adjusted Capital Account Deficit (or increase any
        existing Adjusted Capital Account Deficit) at the end of such
        Fiscal Year or other taxable period.  All Losses and other items of
        loss and expense in excess of the limitation set forth in this 
        Section 4.2(e) shall be allocated to the Members who do not have an
        Adjusted Capital Account
 
28
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
        Deficit in proportion to their relative positive Capital Accounts
        but only to the extent that such Losses and other items of loss and
        expense do not cause any such Member to have an Adjusted Capital
        Account Deficit.
 
        (f)                                   Notwithstanding any provision
        hereof to the contrary except Section 4.2(c) and Section 4.2(d), in
        the event any Member unexpectedly receives any adjustment,
        allocation or distribution described in paragraph (4), (5) or (6)
        of Treasury Regulations Section 1.704-1(b)(2)(ii)(d), items of
        income and gain (consisting of a pro rata portion of each item of
        income, including gross income, and gain for the Fiscal Year or
        other taxable period) shall be specially allocated to such Member
        in an amount and manner sufficient to eliminate any Adjusted
        Capital Account Deficit of that Member as quickly as possible;
        provided that an allocation pursuant to this Section 4.2(f) shall
        be made only if and to the extent that such Member would have an
        Adjusted Capital Account Deficit after all other allocations
        provided for in this Article IV have been tentatively made as if
        this Section 4.2(f) were not in this Agreement.  This Section
        4.2(f) is intended to constitute a qualified income offset under
        Treasury Regulations Section 1.704-1(b)(2)(ii)(d) and shall be
        interpreted consistently therewith.
 
        (g)                                  If any Member has a deficit
        balance in its Capital Account at the end of any Fiscal Year or
        other taxable period that is in excess of the sum of (i) the amount
        that such Member is obligated to restore and (ii) the amount that
        the Member is deemed to be obligated to restore pursuant to the
        penultimate sentence of Treasury Regulations Sections 1.704-2(g)(1)
        and (i)(5), that Member shall be specially allocated items of
        Company income and gain in the amount of such excess as quickly as
        possible, provided that an allocation pursuant to this Section
        4.2(g) shall be made only if and to the extent that such Member
        would have a deficit balance in its Capital Account in excess of
        such sum after all other allocations provided for in this Article
        IV have been made as if Section 4.2(f) and this Section 4.2(g) were
        not in this Agreement.
 
        (h)                                 To the extent an adjustment to
        the adjusted tax basis of any Company asset pursuant to Code
        Sections 734(b) or 743(b) is required, pursuant to Treasury
        Regulations Section 1.704-1(b)(2)(iv)(m)(2) or 1.704-1(b)(2)(iv)
        (m)(4), to be taken into account in determining Capital Accounts as
        a result of a distribution to any Member in complete liquidation of
        such Member’s Interest in the Company, the amount of such
        adjustment to the Capital Accounts shall be treated as an item of
        gain (if the adjustment increases the basis of the asset) or loss
        (if the adjustment decreases such basis) and such item of gain or
        loss shall be allocated to the Members in accordance with Treasury
        Regulations Section 1.704-1(b)(2)(iv)(m)(2) if such section applies
        or to the Member to whom such distribution was made if Treasury
        Regulations Section 1.704-1(b)(2)(iv)(m)(4) applies.
 
        (i)                                     The allocations set forth
        in Sections 4.2(a) through 4.2(h) (the “Regulatory Allocations”)
        are intended to comply with certain requirements of Treasury
        Regulations Sections 1.704-1(b) and 1.704-2.  Notwithstanding any
        other provision of this Article IV (other than the Regulatory
        Allocations), the Regulatory Allocations (and anticipated future
        Regulatory Allocations) shall be taken into account in
 
29
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
        allocating other items of income, gain, loss and deduction among
        the Members so that, to the extent possible, the net amount of such
        allocation of other items and the Regulatory Allocations to each
        Member should be equal to the net amount that would have been
        allocated to each such Member if the Regulatory Allocations had not
        occurred.  This Section 4.2(i) is intended to minimize to the
        extent possible and to the extent necessary any economic
        distortions which may result from application of the Regulatory
        Allocations and shall be interpreted in a manner consistent
        therewith.
 
Section 4.3                                    Allocations for Tax Purposes 
in General.
 
        (a)                                 Except as otherwise provided in
        this Section 4.3, each item of income, gain, loss and deduction of
        the Company for U.S. federal income tax purposes shall be allocated
        among the Members in the same manner as such item is allocated
        under Sections 4.1 and 4.2.
 
        (b)                                 In accordance with Code Section
        704(c) and the Treasury Regulations thereunder (including the
        Treasury Regulations applying the principles of Code Section 704(c)
        to changes in Gross Asset Values), items of income, gain, loss and
        deduction with respect to any Company property having a Gross Asset
        Value that differs from such property’s adjusted U.S. federal
        income tax basis shall, solely for U.S. federal income tax
        purposes, be allocated among the Members to account for any such
        difference using the “traditional method with curative
        allocations,” with the curative allocations applied only to sale
        gain, under Treasury Regulations Section 1.704-3(c) or such other
        method or methods determined by the Managing Member to be
        appropriate and in accordance with the applicable Treasury
        Regulations.
 
        (c)                                  Any (i) recapture of
        depreciation or any other item of deduction shall be allocated, in
        accordance with Treasury Regulations Sections 1.1245-1(e) and
        1.1254-5, to the Members who received the benefit of such
        deductions, and (ii) recapture of grants credits shall be allocated
        to the Members in accordance with applicable law.
 
        (d)                                 Allocations pursuant to this 
        Section 4.3 are solely for purposes of U.S. federal, state and
        local taxes and shall not affect or in any way be taken into
        account in computing any Member’s Capital Account or share of
        Profits, Losses, other items or distributions pursuant to any
        provision of this Agreement.
 
        (e)                                  If, as a result of an exercise
        of a noncompensatory option to acquire an interest in the Company,
        a Capital Account reallocation is required under Treasury
        Regulations Section 1.704-1(b)(2)(iv)(s)(3), the Company shall make
        corrective allocations pursuant to Treasury Regulations Section
        1.704-1(b)(4)(x).
 
Section 4.4                                    Other Allocation Rules.
 
        (a)                                 The Members are aware of the
        income tax consequences of the allocations made by this Article IV 
        and the economic impact of the allocations on the amounts
        receivable by them under this Agreement.  The Members hereby agree
        to be bound by the
 
30
------------------------------------------------------------------------

         
        provisions of this Article IV in reporting their share of Company
        income and loss for income tax purposes.
 
        (b)                                 The provisions regarding the
        establishment and maintenance for each Member of a Capital Account
        as provided by Section 3.4 and the allocations set forth in 
        Sections 4.1, 4.2 and 4.3 are intended to comply with the Treasury
        Regulations and to reflect the intended economic entitlement of the
        Members.  If the Managing Member determines, in its sole
        discretion, that the application of the provisions in Sections 3.4
        , 4.1, 4.2 or 4.3 would result in non-compliance with the Treasury
        Regulations or would be inconsistent with the intended economic
        entitlement of the Members, the Managing Member is authorized to
        make any appropriate adjustments to such provisions.
 
        (c)                                  All items of income, gain,
        loss, deduction and credit allocable to an interest in the Company
        that may have been Transferred shall be allocated between the
        Transferor and the Transferee based on the portion of the Fiscal
        Year or other taxable period during which each was recognized as
        the owner of such interest, in accordance with a method determined
        by the Managing Member and permissible under Code Section 706 and
        the Treasury Regulations thereunder.
 
        (d)                                 The Members’ proportionate
        shares of the “excess nonrecourse liabilities” of the Company,
        within the meaning of Treasury Regulations Section 1.752-3(a)(3),
        shall be allocated to the Members in any manner determined by the
        Managing Member and permissible under the Treasury Regulations.
 
ARTICLE V
 
DISTRIBUTIONS
 
Section 5.1                                    Distributions.
 
        (a)                                 Distributions.  To the extent
        permitted by applicable Law and hereunder, and except as otherwise
        provided in Section 10.3, distributions to Members may be declared
        by the Managing Member out of funds legally available therefor in
        such amounts and on such terms (including the payment dates of such
        distributions) as the Managing Member shall determine using such
        record date as the Managing Member may designate; any such
        distribution shall be made to the Members as of the close of
        business on such record date on a pro rata basis (except that, for
        the avoidance of doubt, repurchases or redemptions made in
        accordance with Section 3.1 or payments made in accordance with 
        Sections 6.4 or 6.9 need not be on a pro rata basis), in accordance
        with the number of Units owned by each Member as of the close of
        business on such record date; provided, however, that the Managing
        Member shall have the obligation to make distributions as set forth
        in Sections 5.2 and 10.3(b)(iii); and provided, further, that,
        notwithstanding any other provision herein to the contrary, no
        distributions shall be made to any Member to the extent such
        distribution would render the Company insolvent or violate the Act.
         For purposes of the foregoing sentence, insolvency means the
        inability of the Company to meet its
 
31
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
        payment obligations when due.  Promptly following the designation
        of a record date and the declaration of a distribution pursuant to
        this Section 5.1, the Managing Member shall give notice to each
        Member of the record date, the amount and the terms of the
        distribution and the payment date thereof.
 
        (b)                                 Successors.  For purposes of
        determining the amount of distributions, each Member shall be
        treated as having made the Capital Contributions and as having
        received the distributions made to or received by its predecessors
        in respect of any of such Member’s Units.
 
        (c)                                  Distributions In-Kind.  Except
        as otherwise provided in this Agreement, any distributions may be
        made in cash or in kind, or partly in cash and partly in kind, as
        determined by the Managing Member.  To the extent that the Company
        distributes property in-kind to the Members, the Company shall be
        treated as making a distribution equal to the Fair Market Value of
        such property for purposes of Section 5.1(a) and such property
        shall be treated as if it were sold for an amount equal to its Fair
        Market Value.  Any resulting gain or loss shall be allocated to the
        Member’s Capital Accounts in accordance with Section 4.1 and 
        Section 4.2.
 
Section 5.2                                    Tax-Related Distributions.  
The Company shall, subject to any restrictions contained in any commercial 
agreement entered into in the ordinary course with a third party to which 
the Company is bound, make distributions out of legally available funds 
(and taking into account any cash reserves to pay costs, fees, operating 
expenses and other expenses of the Company which the Managing Member 
reasonably deems necessary) to all Members on a pro rata basis, in 
accordance with the number of Units owned by each Member, at such times and 
in such amounts as the Managing Member reasonably determines is necessary 
to enable PubCo to (i) timely satisfy all of its U.S. federal, state and 
local and non-U.S. tax liabilities and (ii) timely meet its obligations 
pursuant to any and all Tax Receivable Agreements.
 
Section 5.3                                    Distribution Upon Withdrawal
.  No withdrawing Member shall be entitled to receive any distribution or 
the value of such Member’s Interest in the Company as a result of 
withdrawal from the Company prior to the liquidation of the Company, except 
as specifically provided in this Agreement.
 
ARTICLE VI
 
MANAGEMENT
 
Section 6.1                                    The Managing Member; 
Fiduciary Duties.
 
        (a)                                 PubCo shall be the sole
        Managing Member of the Company.  Except as otherwise required by
        Law, (i) the Managing Member shall have full and complete charge of
        all affairs of the Company, (ii) the management and control of the
        Company’s business activities and operations shall rest exclusively
        with the Managing Member, and the Managing Member shall make all
        decisions regarding the business, activities and operations of the
        Company (including the incurrence of costs and expenses) in its
        sole discretion without the consent of any other Member and (iii)
        the Members
 
32
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
        other than the Managing Member (in their capacity as such) shall
        not participate in the control, management, direction or operation
        of the activities or affairs of the Company and shall have no power
        to act for or bind the Company.
 
        (b)                                 In connection with the
        performance of its duties as the Managing Member of the Company,
        except as otherwise set forth herein, the Managing Member
        acknowledges that it will owe to the Members the same fiduciary
        duties as it would owe to the stockholders of a Delaware
        corporation if it were a member of the board of directors of such a
        corporation and the Members were stockholders of such corporation. 
        The Members acknowledge that the Managing Member will take action
        through its board of directors, and that the members of the
        Managing Member’s board of directors will owe comparable fiduciary
        duties to the stockholders of the Managing Member.  The provisions
        of this Agreement, to the extent that they restrict or eliminate
        the duties (including fiduciary duties) and liabilities of the
        Managing Member otherwise existing at law or in equity, are agreed
        by the Members to replace, to the fullest extent permitted by
        applicable Law, such other duties and liabilities of the Managing
        Member.
 
Section 6.2                                    Officers.
 
        (a)                                 The Managing Member may
        appoint, employ or otherwise contract with any Person for the
        transaction of the business of the Company or the performance of
        services for or on behalf of the Company, and the Managing Member
        may delegate to any such Persons such authority to act on behalf of
        the Company as the Managing Member may from time to time deem
        appropriate.
 
        (b)                                 The initial president and chief
        executive officer of the Company (the “President and Chief
        Executive Officer”) will be Scott Bender.
 
        (c)                                  Except as otherwise set forth
        herein, the President and Chief Executive Officer will be
        responsible for the general and active management of the business
        of the Company and its Subsidiaries and will see that all orders of
        the Managing Member are carried into effect.  The President and
        Chief Executive Officer will report to the Managing Member and have
        the general powers and duties of management usually vested in the
        office of president and chief executive officer of a corporation
        organized under the DGCL, subject to the terms of this Agreement,
        and will have such other powers and duties as may be prescribed by
        the Managing Member or this Agreement.  The President and Chief
        Executive Officer will have the power to execute bonds, mortgages
        and other contracts requiring a seal, under the seal of the
        Company, except where required or permitted by Law to be otherwise
        signed and executed, and except where the signing and execution
        thereof will be expressly delegated by the Managing Member to some
        other Officer or agent of the Company.
 
        (d)                                 Except as set forth herein, the
        Managing Member may appoint Officers at any time, and the Officers
        may include one or more vice presidents, a secretary, one or more
        assistant secretaries, a chief financial officer, a general
        counsel, a treasurer, one or more assistant treasurers, a chief
        operating officer, an executive chairman, and any
 
33
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
        other officers that the Managing Member deems appropriate.  Except
        as set forth herein, the Officers will serve at the pleasure of the
        Managing Member, subject to all rights, if any, of such Officer
        under any contract of employment.  Any individual may hold any
        number of offices, and an Officer may, but need not, be a Member of
        the Company.  The Officers will exercise such powers and perform
        such duties as specified in this Agreement or as determined from
        time to time by the Managing Member.
 
        (e)                                  Subject to this Agreement and
        to the rights, if any, of an Officer under a contract of
        employment, any Officer may be removed, either with or without
        cause, by the Managing Member.  Any Officer may resign at any time
        by giving written notice to the Managing Member.  Any resignation
        will take effect at the date of the receipt of that notice or at
        any later time specified in that notice; and, unless otherwise
        specified in that notice, the acceptance of the resignation will
        not be necessary to make it effective.  Any resignation is without
        prejudice to the rights, if any, of the Company under any contract
        to which the Officer is a party.  A vacancy in any office because
        of death, resignation, removal, disqualification or any other cause
        will be filled in the manner prescribed in this Agreement for
        regular appointments to that office.
 
Section 6.3                                    Warranted Reliance by 
Officers on Others.  In exercising their authority and performing their 
duties under this Agreement, the Officers shall be entitled to rely on 
information, opinions, reports, or statements of the following Persons or 
groups unless they have actual knowledge concerning the matter in question 
that would cause such reliance to be unwarranted:
 
        (a)                                 one or more employees or other
        agents of the Company or subordinates whom the Officer reasonably
        believes to be reliable and competent in the matters presented; and
 
        (b)                                 any attorney, public
        accountant, or other Person as to matters which the Officer
        reasonably believes to be within such Person’s professional or
        expert competence.
 
Section 6.4                                    Indemnification.  Subject to 
the limitations and conditions provided in this Section 6.4, each Person 
who was or is made a party or is threatened to be made a party to or is 
involved in any threatened, pending or completed action, suit or 
proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or arbitrative (each, a 
“Proceeding”), or any appeal in such a Proceeding or any inquiry or 
investigation that could lead to such a Proceeding, by reason of the fact 
he, she or it, or a Person of which he, she or it is the legal 
representative, is or was a Member, an Officer, or acting as the, Managing 
Member, Tax Matters Member or Company Representative of the Company, in 
each case, shall be indemnified by the Company to the fullest extent 
permitted by applicable Law, as the same exists or may hereafter be amended 
(but, in the case of any such amendment, only to the extent that such 
amendment permits the Company to provide broader indemnification rights 
than such Law permitted the Company to provide prior to such amendment) 
against all judgment, penalties (including excise and similar taxes and 
punitive damages), fines, settlement and reasonable expenses (including 
reasonable attorneys’ fees and expenses) actually incurred by such Person 
in connection with such Proceeding, appeal, inquiry or investigation, if 
such Person acted in
 
34
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
Good Faith.  Reasonable expenses incurred by a Person of the type entitled 
to be indemnified under this Section 6.4 who was, is or is threatened to be 
made a named defendant or respondent in a Proceeding shall be paid by the 
Company in advance of the final disposition of the Proceeding upon receipt 
of an undertaking by or on behalf of such Person to repay such amount if it 
shall ultimately be determined that he, she or it is not entitled to be 
indemnified by the Company.  Indemnification under this Section 6.4 shall 
continue as to a Person who has ceased to serve in the capacity which 
initially entitled such Person to indemnity hereunder.  The rights granted 
pursuant to this Section 6.4 shall be deemed contract rights, and no 
amendment, modification or repeal of this Section 6.4 shall have the effect 
of limiting or denying any such rights with respect to actions taken or 
Proceedings, appeals, inquiries or investigations arising prior to any 
amendment, modification or repeal.  It is expressly acknowledged that the 
indemnification provided in this Section 6.4 could involve indemnification 
for negligence or under theories of strict liability.
 
Section 6.5                                    Maintenance of Insurance or 
Other Financial Arrangements.  In compliance with applicable Law, the 
Company (with the approval of the Managing Member) may purchase and 
maintain insurance or make other financial arrangements on behalf of any 
Person who is or was a Member, employee or agent of the Company, or at the 
request of the Company is or was serving as a manager, director, officer, 
employee or agent of another limited liability company, corporation, 
partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise, for any Liability 
asserted against such Person and Liability and expenses incurred by such 
Person in such Person’s capacity as such, or arising out of such Person’s 
status as such, whether or not the Company has the authority to indemnify 
such Person against such Liability and expenses.
 
Section 6.6                                    Resignation or Termination 
of Managing Member.  PubCo shall not, by any means, resign as, cease to be 
or be replaced as Managing Member except in compliance with this Section 
6.6.  No termination or replacement of PubCo as Managing Member shall be 
effective unless proper provision is made, in compliance with this 
Agreement, so that the obligations of PubCo, its successor (if applicable) 
and any new Managing Member and the rights of all Members under this 
Agreement and applicable Law remain in full force and effect.  No 
appointment of a Person other than PubCo (or its successor, as applicable) 
as Managing Member shall be effective unless PubCo (or its successor, as 
applicable) and the new Managing Member (as applicable) provide all other 
Members with contractual rights, directly enforceable by such other Members 
against PubCo (or its successor, as applicable) and the new Managing Member 
(as applicable), to cause (a) PubCo to comply with all PubCo’s obligations 
under this Agreement (including its obligations under Section 3.6) other 
than those that must necessarily be taken in its capacity as Managing 
Member and (b) the new Managing Member to comply with all the Managing 
Member’s obligations under this Agreement.
 
Section 6.7                                    No Inconsistent Obligations
.  The Managing Member represents that it does not have any contracts, 
other agreements, duties or obligations that are inconsistent with its 
duties and obligations (whether or not in its capacity as Managing Member) 
under this Agreement and covenants that, except as permitted by Section 6.1
, it will not enter into any contracts or other agreements or undertake or 
acquire any other duties or obligations that are inconsistent with such 
duties and obligations.
 
Section 6.8                                    Reclassification Events of 
PubCo.  If a Reclassification Event occurs, the Managing Member or its 
successor, as the case may be, shall, as and to the extent necessary, amend
 
35
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
this Agreement in compliance with Section 11.1, and enter into any 
necessary supplementary or additional agreements, to ensure that, following 
the effective date of the Reclassification Event: (i) the redemption rights 
of holders of Units set forth in Section 3.6 provide that each Unit 
(together with the transfer and surrender of one share of Class B Stock) is 
redeemable for the same amount and same type of property, securities or 
cash (or combination thereof) that one share of Class A Common Stock 
becomes exchangeable for or converted into as a result of the 
Reclassification Event and (ii) PubCo or the successor to PubCo, as 
applicable, is obligated to deliver such property, securities or cash upon 
such redemption.  PubCo shall not consummate or agree to consummate any 
Reclassification Event unless the successor Person, if any, becomes 
obligated to comply with the obligations of PubCo (in whatever capacity) 
under this Agreement.
 
Section 6.9                                    Certain Costs and Expenses.  
The Company shall (i) pay, or cause to be paid, all costs, fees, operating 
expenses and other expenses of the Company (including the costs, fees and 
expenses of attorneys, accountants or other professionals and the 
compensation of all personnel providing services to the Company) incurred 
in pursuing and conducting, or otherwise related to, the activities of the 
Company, and (ii) in the sole discretion of the Managing Member, reimburse 
the Managing Member for any costs, fees or expenses incurred by it in 
connection with serving as the Managing Member.  To the extent that the 
Managing Member determines in its sole discretion that such expenses are 
related to the business and affairs of the Managing Member that are 
conducted through the Company and/or its Subsidiaries (including expenses 
that relate to the business and affairs of the Company and/or its 
Subsidiaries and that also relate to other activities of the Managing 
Member), the Managing Member shall cause the Company to pay or bear all 
expenses of the Managing Member, including, without limitation, costs of 
securities offerings not borne directly by Members, board of directors 
compensation and meeting costs, costs of periodic reports to its 
stockholders, litigation costs and damages arising from litigation, 
accounting and legal costs; provided that the Company shall not pay or bear 
any income tax obligations of the Managing Member or bear the cost of 
payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement.  For the avoidance of doubt, 
any payments made to or on behalf of the Managing Member pursuant to this 
Section 6.9 shall not be treated as a distribution pursuant to Section 
5.1(a) but shall instead be treated as a cost or an expense of the Company.
 
ARTICLE VII
 
ROLE OF MEMBERS
 
Section 7.1                                    Rights or Powers.  Other 
than the Managing Member, the Members, acting in their capacity as Members, 
shall not have any right or power to take part in the management or control 
of the Company or its business and affairs or to act for or bind the 
Company in any way.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Members have all 
the rights and powers specifically set forth in this Agreement and, to the 
extent not inconsistent with this Agreement, in the Act.  A Member, any 
Affiliate thereof or an employee, stockholder, agent, director or officer 
of a Member or any Affiliate thereof, may also be an employee or be 
retained as an agent of the Company.  The existence of these relationships 
and acting in such capacities will not result in the Member (other than the 
Managing Member) being deemed to be participating in the control of the 
business of the Company or otherwise affect the limited liability of the 
Member.  Except as specifically provided herein, a Member (other than the 
Managing Member) shall not, in its capacity as a Member, take
 
36
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
part in the operation, management or control of the Company’s business, 
transact any business in the Company’s name or have the power to sign 
documents for or otherwise bind the Company
 
Section 7.2                                    Voting.
 
        (a)                                 Meetings of the Members may be
        called upon the written request of Members holding at least 50% of
        the outstanding Units.  Such request shall state the location of
        the meeting and the nature of the business to be transacted at the
        meeting.  Written notice of any such meeting shall be given to all
        Members not less than two Business Days and not more than 30 days
        prior to the date of such meeting.  Members may vote in person, by
        proxy or by telephone at any meeting of the Members and may waive
        advance notice of such meeting.  Whenever the vote or consent of
        Members is permitted or required under this Agreement, such vote or
        consent may be given at a meeting of the Members or may be given in
        accordance with the procedure prescribed in this Section 7.2. 
        Except as otherwise expressly provided in this Agreement, the
        affirmative vote of the Members holding a majority of the
        outstanding Units shall constitute the act of the Members.
 
        (b)                                 Each Member may authorize any
        Person or Persons to act for it by proxy on all matters in which
        such Member is entitled to participate, including waiving notice of
        any meeting, or voting or participating at a meeting.  Every proxy
        must be signed by such Member or its attorney-in-fact.  No proxy
        shall be valid after the expiration of 11 months from the date
        thereof unless otherwise provided in the proxy.  Every proxy shall
        be revocable at the pleasure of the Member executing it.
 
        (c)                                  Each meeting of Members shall
        be conducted by an Officer designated by the Managing Member or
        such other individual Person as the Managing Member deems
        appropriate.
 
        (d)                                 Any action required or
        permitted to be taken by the Members may be taken without a meeting
        if the requisite Members whose approval is necessary consent
        thereto in writing.
 
Section 7.3                                    Various Capacities.  The 
Members acknowledge and agree that the Members or their Affiliates will 
from time to time act in various capacities, including as a Member and as 
the Tax Matters Member or Company Representative.
 
Section 7.4                                    Business Opportunities.
 
        (a)                                 To the fullest extent permitted
        by Law, the Company, on behalf of itself and its Subsidiaries,
        renounces any interest or expectancy of the Company and its
        Subsidiaries in, or in being offered an opportunity to participate
        in, any business opportunities that are from time to time presented
        to Cadent Energy Partners II, L.P. and its Affiliates (the “
        Sponsor”) or any of their respective Affiliates or any of their
        respective agents, shareholders, members, partners, directors,
        officers, employees, Affiliates or Subsidiaries (other than the
        Company and its Subsidiaries), including any officer of the Company
        who is also an agent, shareholder, member, partner, director,
        officer, employee, Affiliate or Subsidiary of the Sponsor (each, a
        “Business
 
37
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
        Opportunities Exempt Party”), even if the business opportunity is
        one that the Company or its Subsidiaries might reasonably be deemed
        to have pursued or had the ability or desire to pursue if granted
        the opportunity to do so, and no Business Opportunities Exempt
        Party shall have any duty to communicate or offer any such business
        opportunity to the Company or be liable to the Company or any of
        its Subsidiaries or any Members, including for breach of any
        fiduciary or other duty, as an officer or Member or otherwise, and
        the Company shall indemnify each Business Opportunities Exempt
        Party against any claim that such Person is liable to the Company
        or the Members for breach of any fiduciary duty, by reason of the
        fact that such Person (i) participates in, pursues or acquires any
        such business opportunity, (ii) directs any such business
        opportunity to another Person or (iii) fails to present any such
        business opportunity, or information regarding any such business
        opportunity, to the Company or its Subsidiaries, unless, in the
        case of a Person who is an officer of the Company, such business
        opportunity is expressly offered to such officer in writing solely
        in his capacity as an officer of the Company.
 
        (b)                                 To the fullest extent permitted
        by Law, no Business Opportunity Exempt Party shall have any duty to
        refrain from directly or indirectly (i) engaging in the same or
        similar business activities or lines of business in which the
        Company or any of its Affiliates now engages or proposes to engage
        or (ii) otherwise competing with the Company or any of its
        Affiliates, and, to the fullest extent permitted by Law, no
        Business Opportunity Exempt Party shall be liable to the Company or
        the Members or to any Affiliate of the Company for breach of any
        fiduciary duty solely by reason of the fact that such Business
        Opportunity Exempt Party engages in any such activities.
 
ARTICLE VIII
 
TRANSFERS OF INTERESTS
 
Section 8.1                                    Restrictions on Transfer.
 
        (a)                                 Except as provided in Section
        3.6 and except for Transfers by HoldCo to its members pursuant to
        Section 8.3 of the A&R Holdco Agreement, no Member shall Transfer
        all or any portion of its Interest without the Managing Member’s
        prior written consent, which consent shall be granted or withheld
        in the Managing Member’s reasonable discretion.  If,
        notwithstanding the provisions of this Section 8.1(a), all or any
        portion of a Member’s Interests are Transferred in violation of
        this Section 8.1(a), involuntarily, by operation of law or
        otherwise, then without limiting any other rights and remedies
        available to the other parties under this Agreement or otherwise,
        the Transferee of such Interest (or portion thereof) shall not be
        admitted to the Company as a Member or be entitled to any rights as
        a Member hereunder, and the Transferor will continue to be bound by
        all obligations hereunder, unless and until the Managing Member
        consents in writing to such admission, which consent shall be
        granted or withheld in the Managing Member’s sole discretion.  Any
        attempted or purported Transfer of all or a portion of a Member’s
        Interests in violation of this Section 8.1(a) shall be null and
        void and of no force or effect
 
38
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
        whatsoever.  For the avoidance of doubt, the restrictions on
        Transfer contained in this Article VIII shall not apply to the
        Transfer of any capital stock of the Managing Member; provided 
        that no shares of Class B Common Stock may be Transferred unless a
        corresponding number of Units are Transferred therewith in
        accordance with this Agreement.
 
        (b)           In addition to any other restrictions on Transfer
        contained herein, including the provisions of this Article VIII, in
        no event may any Transfer or assignment of Interests by any Member
        be made (i) to any Person who lacks the legal right, power or
        capacity to own Interests; (ii) unless, if requested by the
        Company, the Transferor has received a written opinion in form and
        substance that is reasonably acceptable to the Company from legal
        counsel or a qualified tax advisor (in either case who is
        reasonably acceptable to the Company) to the effect that such
        Transfer (A) will not be considered to be effected on or through an
        “established securities market” or a “secondary market or the
        substantial equivalent thereof,” as such terms are used in Treasury
        Regulations Section 1.7704-1, (B) will not result in the Company
        having more than one hundred (100) partners, within the meaning of
        Treasury Regulations Section 1.7704-1(h)(1) (determined taking into
        account the rules of Treasury Regulations Section 1.7704-1(h)(3)),
        and (C) will not cause the Company to be treated as a “publicly
        traded partnership” within the meaning of Section 7704 of the Code
        or a successor provision or to be taxed as a corporation pursuant
        to the Code or successor of the Code; (iii) if such Transfer would
        cause the Company to become, with respect to any employee benefit
        plan subject to Title I of ERISA, a “party-in-interest” (as defined
        in Section 3 (14) of ERISA) or a “disqualified person” (as defined
        in Section 4975(e)(2) of the Code); (iv) if such Transfer would, in
        the opinion of counsel to the Company, cause any portion of the
        assets of the Company to constitute assets of any employee benefit
        plan pursuant to the Plan Asset Regulations or otherwise cause the
        Company to be subject to regulation under ERISA; (v) if such
        Transfer requires the registration of such Interests or any Equity
        Securities issued upon any exchange of such Interests, pursuant to
        any applicable U.S. federal or state securities Laws; or (vi) if
        such Transfer subjects the Company to regulation under the
        Investment Company Act or the Investment Advisors Act of 1940, each
        as amended (or any succeeding law). Any Transfer purported to be
        made in violation of this Section 8.1(b) shall be void ab initio.

 
Section 8.2                                    Notice of Transfer.  Other 
than in connection with Transfers made pursuant to Section 3.6, each Member 
shall, after complying with the provisions of this Agreement, but in any 
event no later than three Business Days following any Transfer of 
Interests, give written notice to the Company of such Transfer.  Each such 
notice shall describe the manner and circumstances of the Transfer.
 
Section 8.3                                    Transferee Members.  A 
Transferee of Interests pursuant to this Article VIII shall have the right 
to become a Member only if (i) the requirements of this Article VIII are 
met, (ii) such Transferee executes an instrument reasonably satisfactory to 
the Managing Member agreeing to be bound by the terms and provisions of 
this Agreement and assuming all of the Transferor’s then existing and 
future Liabilities arising under or relating to this Agreement, (iii) such 
Transferee represents that the Transfer was made in accordance with all 
applicable securities Laws, (iv) the
 
39
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
Transferor or Transferee shall have reimbursed the Company for all 
reasonable expenses (including attorneys’ fees and expenses) of any 
Transfer or proposed Transfer of a Member’s Interest, whether or not 
consummated and (v) if such Transferee or his or her spouse is a resident 
of a community property jurisdiction, then such Transferee’s spouse shall 
also execute an instrument reasonably satisfactory to the Managing Member 
agreeing to be bound by the terms and provisions of this Agreement to the 
extent of his or her community property or quasi-community property 
interest, if any, in such Member’s Interest.  Unless agreed to in writing 
by the Managing Member, the admission of a Member shall not result in the 
release of the Transferor from any Liability that the Transferor may have 
to each remaining Member or to the Company under this Agreement or any 
other Contract between the Managing Member, the Company or any of its 
Subsidiaries, on the one hand, and such Transferor or any of its 
Affiliates, on the other hand.  Written notice of the admission of a Member 
shall be sent promptly by the Company to each remaining Member.  
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section 8.3, and except as 
otherwise provided in this Agreement, following a Transfer of Units by 
HoldCo to any of its members pursuant to Section 8.3 of the A&R HoldCo 
Agreement, such transferee shall succeed to all of the rights of HoldCo 
with respect to such Units under this Agreement.
 
Section 8.4                                    Legend.  Each certificate 
representing a Unit, if any, will be stamped or otherwise imprinted with a 
legend in substantially the following form:
 
    “THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE HAVE BEEN ACQUIRED FOR
    INVESTMENT AND HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF
    1933.
 
    THESE SECURITIES MAY NOT BE SOLD OR TRANSFERRED IN THE ABSENCE OF SUCH
    REGISTRATION OR AN EXEMPTION THEREFROM UNDER SUCH ACT.
 
    THE TRANSFER AND VOTING OF THESE SECURITIES IS SUBJECT TO THE
    CONDITIONS SPECIFIED IN THE FIRST AMENDED AND RESTATED LIMITED
    LIABILITY COMPANY OPERATING AGREEMENT OF CACTUS WELLHEAD, LLC DATED AS
    OF JANUARY 29, 2018 AMONG THE MEMBERS LISTED THEREIN, AS IT MAY BE
    AMENDED, SUPPLEMENTED AND/OR RESTATED FROM TIME TO TIME, AND NO
    TRANSFER OF THESE SECURITIES WILL BE VALID OR EFFECTIVE UNTIL SUCH
    CONDITIONS HAVE BEEN FULFILLED.  COPIES OF SUCH AGREEMENT MAY BE
    OBTAINED AT NO COST BY WRITTEN REQUEST MADE BY THE HOLDER OF RECORD OF
    THIS CERTIFICATE TO THE SECRETARY OF THE ISSUER OF SUCH SECURITIES.”
 
ARTICLE IX
 
ACCOUNTING
 
Section 9.1                                    Books of Account.  The 
Company shall, and shall cause each Subsidiary to, maintain true books and 
records of account in which full and correct entries shall be made of all 
its business transactions pursuant to a system of accounting established 
and administered in
 
40
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
accordance with GAAP, and shall set aside on its books all such proper 
accruals and reserves as shall be required under GAAP.
 
Section 9.2                                    Tax Elections.
 
        (a)                                 The Company and any eligible
        Subsidiary shall make an election (or continue a previously made
        election) pursuant to Section 754 of the Code for the taxable year
        of the Company that includes the Effective Date, shall not
        thereafter revoke such election and shall make a new election
        pursuant to Section 754 of the Code to the extent necessary
        following any “termination” of the Company or the Subsidiary, as
        applicable, under Section 708 of the Code.  In addition, the
        Company shall make the following elections on the appropriate forms
        or tax returns:
 
            i.                                          to adopt the
            calendar year as the Company’s Fiscal Year, if permitted under
            the Code;
 
            ii.                                       to adopt the accrual
            method of accounting for U.S. federal income tax purposes;
 
            iii.                                    to elect to amortize
            the organizational expenses of the Company as permitted by
            Section 709(b) of the Code; and
 
            iv.                                   any other election the
            Managing Member may deem appropriate and in the best interests
            of the Company.
 
        (b)                                 Upon request of the Managing
        Member, each Member shall cooperate in good faith with the Company
        in connection with the Company’s efforts to elect out of the
        application of the company-level audit and adjustment rules of the
        Bipartisan Budget Act of 2015, if applicable.  None of the Managing
        Member, the Members, or the Company shall make any election under
        Section 1101(g)(4) of the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2015 to have the
        provisions of the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2015 governing
        “Subchapter C — Treatment of Partnerships” apply to any tax return
        of the Company filed for a taxable year beginning prior to January
        1, 2018.
 
Section 9.3                                    Tax Returns; Information.  
The Tax Matters Member or Company Representative (as applicable) shall 
arrange for the preparation and timely filing of all income and other tax 
and informational returns of the Company.  The Tax Matters Member or 
Company Representative (as applicable) shall furnish to each Member a copy 
of each approved return and statement, together with any schedules or other 
information which each Member may require in connection with such Member’s 
own tax affairs as soon as practicable (but in no event more than 60 days 
after the end of each Fiscal Year).  The Members agree to take all actions 
reasonably requested by the Company or the Company Representative to comply 
with the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2015, including where applicable, filing 
amended returns as provided in Sections 6225 or 6226 of the Code and 
providing confirmation thereof to the Company Representative.
 
Section 9.4                                    Tax Matters Member and 
Company Representative.  The Managing Member is specially authorized and 
appointed to act as the Tax Matters Member and as the Company 
Representative (as applicable) and in any similar capacity under state or 
local Law.  The
 
41
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
Tax Matters Member or Company Representative (as applicable) may retain, at 
the Company’s expense, such outside counsel, accountants and other 
professional consultants as it may reasonably deem necessary in the course 
of fulfilling its obligations as Tax Matters Member or Company 
Representative (as applicable).
 
Section 9.5                                    Withholding Tax Payments and 
Obligations.
 
        (a)                                 The Company and its
        Subsidiaries may withhold from distributions, allocations or
        portions thereof if it is required to do so by any applicable rule,
        regulation or law, and each Member hereby authorizes the Company
        and its Subsidiaries to withhold or pay on behalf of or with
        respect to such Member any amount of taxes that the Managing Member
        determines, in good faith, that the Company or any of its
        Subsidiaries is required to withhold or pay with respect to any
        amount distributable or allocable to such Member pursuant to this
        Agreement.
 
        (b)                                 To the extent that any tax is
        paid by (or withheld from amounts payable to) the Company or any of
        its Subsidiaries and the Managing Member determines, in good faith,
        that such tax relates to one or more specific Members (including
        any tax payable by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries pursuant
        to Section 6225 of the Code with respect to items of income, gain,
        loss deduction or credit allocable or attributable to such Member),
        such tax shall be treated as an amount of taxes withheld or paid
        with respect to such Member pursuant to this Section 9.5.
 
        (c)                                  For all purposes under this
        Agreement, any amounts withheld or paid with respect to a Member
        pursuant to this Section 9.5 shall be treated as if distributed to
        such Member at the time such withholding or payment is made. 
        Further, to the extent that the cumulative amount of such
        withholding or payment for any period exceeds the distributions to
        which such Member is entitled for such period, the amount of such
        excess shall be considered a loan from the Company to such Member,
        with interest accruing at the Prime Rate in effect from time to
        time, compounded annually.  The Managing Member may, in its
        discretion, either demand payment of the principal and accrued
        interest on such demand loan at any time (which payment shall not
        be deemed a Capital Contribution for purposes of this Agreement),
        and enforce payment thereof by legal process, or may withhold from
        one or more distributions to a Member amounts sufficient to satisfy
        such Member’s obligations under any such demand loan.
 
        (d)                                 Neither the Company nor the
        Managing Member shall be liable for any excess taxes withheld in
        respect of any Member, and, in the event of overwithholding, a
        Member’s sole recourse shall be to apply for a refund from the
        appropriate Governmental Entity.
 
        (e)                                  Notwithstanding any other
        provision of this Agreement, (i) any Person who ceases to be a
        Member shall be treated as a Member for purposes of this Section
        9.5 and (ii) the obligations of a Member pursuant to this Section
        9.5 shall survive indefinitely with respect to any taxes withheld
        or paid by the Company that relate to the period
 
42
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
        during which such Person was actually a Member, regardless of
        whether such taxes are assessed, withheld or otherwise paid during
        such period.
 
ARTICLE X
 
DISSOLUTION AND TERMINATION
 
Section 10.1                             Liquidating Events.  The Company 
shall dissolve and commence winding up and liquidating upon the first to 
occur of the following (each, a “Liquidating Event”):
 
        (a)                                 The sale of all or
        substantially all of the assets of the Company; and
 
        (b)                                 The determination of the
        Managing Member to dissolve, wind up, and liquidate the Company.
 
The Members hereby agree that the Company shall not dissolve prior to the 
occurrence of a Liquidating Event and that no Member shall seek a 
dissolution of the Company, under Section 18-802 of the Act or otherwise, 
other than based on the matters set forth in subsections (a) and (b) above. 
 If it is determined by a court of competent jurisdiction that the Company 
has dissolved prior to the occurrence of a Liquidating Event, the Members 
hereby agree to continue the business of the Company without a winding up 
or liquidation.  In the event of a dissolution pursuant to Section 10.1(b)
, the relative economic rights of each class of Units immediately prior to 
such dissolution shall be preserved to the greatest extent practicable with 
respect to distributions made to Members pursuant to Section 10.3 in 
connection with such dissolution, taking into consideration tax and other 
legal constraints that may adversely affect one or more parties to such 
dissolution and subject to compliance with applicable laws and regulations, 
unless, with respect to any class of Units, holders of a majority of the 
Units of such class consent in writing to a treatment other than as 
described above.
 
Section 10.2                             Bankruptcy.  For purposes of this 
Agreement, the “bankruptcy” of a Member shall mean the occurrence of any of 
the following: (a) any Governmental Entity shall take possession of any 
substantial part of the property of that Member or shall assume control 
over the affairs or operations thereof, or a receiver or trustee shall be 
appointed, or a writ, order, attachment or garnishment shall be issued with 
respect to any substantial part thereof, and such possession, assumption of 
control, appointment, writ or order shall continue for a period of 90 
consecutive days; or (b) a Member shall admit in writing of its inability 
to pay its debts when due, or make an assignment for the benefit of 
creditors; or apply for or consent to the appointment of any receiver, 
trustee or similar officer or for all or any substantial part of its 
property; or shall institute (by petition, application, answer, consent or 
otherwise) any bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, arrangement, 
readjustment of debts, dissolution, liquidation, or similar proceeding 
under the Laws of any jurisdiction; or (c) a receiver, trustee or similar 
officer shall be appointed for such Member or with respect to all or any 
substantial part of its property without the application or consent of that 
Member, and such appointment shall continue undischarged or unstayed for a 
period of 90 consecutive days or any bankruptcy, insolvency, 
reorganization, arrangements, readjustment of debt, dissolution, 
liquidation or similar proceedings shall be instituted (by petition, 
application or otherwise) against that Member and shall remain undismissed 
for a period of 90 consecutive days.
 
43
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
Section 10.3                             Procedure.
 
        (a)                                 In the event of the dissolution
        of the Company for any reason, the Members shall commence to wind
        up the affairs of the Company and to liquidate the Company’s
        investments; provided that if a Member is in bankruptcy or
        dissolved, another Member, who shall be the Managing Member (“
        Winding-Up Member”) shall commence to wind up the affairs of the
        Company and, subject to Section 10.4(a), such Winding-Up Member
        shall have full right and unlimited discretion to determine in good
        faith the time, manner and terms of any sale or sales of the
        Property or other assets pursuant to such liquidation, having due
        regard to the activity and condition of the relevant market and
        general financial and economic conditions.  The Members shall
        continue to share profits, losses and distributions during the
        period of liquidation in the same manner and proportion as though
        the Company had not dissolved.  The Company shall engage in no
        further business except as may be necessary, in the reasonable
        discretion of the Managing Member or the Winding-Up Member, as
        applicable, to preserve the value of the Company’s assets during
        the period of dissolution and liquidation.
 
        (b)                                 Following the payment of all
        expenses of liquidation and the allocation of all Profits and
        Losses as provided in Article IV, the proceeds of the liquidation
        and any other funds of the Company shall be distributed in the
        following order of priority:
 
            (i)                                     First, to the payment
            and discharge of all of the Company’s debts and Liabilities to
            creditors (whether third parties or Members), in the order of
            priority as provided by Law, except any obligations to the
            Members in respect of their Capital Accounts;
 
            (ii)                                  Second, to set up such
            cash reserves which the Managing Member reasonably deems
            necessary for contingent or unforeseen Liabilities or future
            payments described in Section 10.3(b)(i) (which reserves when
            they become unnecessary shall be distributed in accordance with
            the provisions of subsection (iii), below); and
 
            (iii)                               Third, the balance to the
            Members, pro rata in accordance with the number of Units owned
            by each Member.
 
        (c)                                  Except as provided in Section
        10.4(a), no Member shall have any right to demand or receive
        property other than cash upon dissolution and termination of the
        Company.
 
        (d)                                 Upon the completion of the
        liquidation of the Company and the distribution of all Company
        funds, the Company shall terminate and the Managing Member or the
        Winding-Up Member, as the case may be, shall have the authority to
        execute and record a certificate of cancellation of the Company, as
        well as any and all other documents required to effectuate the
        dissolution and termination of the Company.
 
44
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
Section 10.4                             Rights of Members.
 
        (a)                                 Each Member irrevocably waives
        any right that it may have to maintain an action for partition with
        respect to the property of the Company.
 
        (b)                                 Except as otherwise provided in
        this Agreement, (i) each Member shall look solely to the assets of
        the Company for the return of its Capital Contributions, and (ii)
        no Member shall have priority over any other Member as to the
        return of its Capital Contributions, distributions or allocations.
 
Section 10.5                             Notices of Dissolution.  In the 
event a Liquidating Event occurs or an event occurs that would, but for the 
provisions of Section 10.1, result in a dissolution of the Company, the 
Company shall, within 30 days thereafter, (a) provide written notice 
thereof to each of the Members and to all other parties with whom the 
Company regularly conducts business (as determined in the discretion of the 
Managing Member), and (b) comply, in a timely manner, with all filing and 
notice requirements under the Act or any other applicable Law.
 
Section 10.6                             Reasonable Time for Winding Up.  A 
reasonable time shall be allowed for the orderly winding up of the business 
and affairs of the Company and the liquidation of its assets in order to 
minimize any losses that might otherwise result from such winding up.
 
Section 10.7                             No Deficit Restoration.  No Member 
shall be personally liable for a deficit Capital Account balance of that 
Member, it being expressly understood that the distribution of liquidation 
proceeds shall be made solely from existing Company assets.
 
ARTICLE XI
 
GENERAL
 
Section 11.1                             Amendments; Waivers.
 
        (a)                                 The terms and provisions of
        this Agreement may be waived, modified or amended (including by
        means of merger, consolidation or other business combination to
        which the Company is a party) only with the approval of the
        Managing Member and the consent of the holders of a majority of
        outstanding Units; provided, however, that no amendment to this
        Agreement may:
 
            i.                                          modify the limited
            liability of any Member, or increase the liabilities or
            obligations of any Member, in each case, without the consent of
            each such affected Member; or
 
            ii.                                       materially alter or
            change any rights, preferences or privileges of any Interests
            in a manner that is different or prejudicial relative to any
            other Interests, without the approval of a majority in interest
            of the Members holding the Interests affected in such a
            different or prejudicial manner.
 
        (b)                                 Notwithstanding the foregoing
        subsection (a), the Managing Member, acting alone, may amend this
        Agreement, including Exhibit A, (i) to reflect the admission of new
        Members, Transfers of Interests, the issuance of additional Units
        or Equity Securities, as provided by the terms of this Agreement,
        and, subject to Section
 
45
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
        11.1(a), subdivisions or combinations of Units made in compliance
        with Section 3.1(g), (ii) to the minimum extent necessary to (A)
        comply with the provisions of the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2015 and
        any Treasury Regulations or other administrative pronouncements
        promulgated thereunder and (B) to administer the effects of such
        provisions in an equitable manner and (iii) as necessary to avoid
        the Company being classified as a “publicly traded partnership”
        within the meaning of Section 7704(b) of the Code.
 
Section 11.2                             Further Assurances.  Each party 
agrees that it will from time to time, upon the reasonable request of 
another party, execute such documents and instruments and take such further 
action as may be required to accomplish the purposes of this Agreement.
 
Section 11.3                             Successors and Assigns.  All of 
the terms and provisions of this Agreement shall be binding upon the 
parties and their respective successors and assigns, but shall inure to the 
benefit of and be enforceable by the successors and assigns of any Member 
only to the extent that they are permitted successors and assigns pursuant 
to the terms hereof.  No party may assign its rights hereunder except as 
herein expressly permitted.
 
Section 11.4                             Entire Agreement.  This Agreement, 
together with all Exhibits and Schedules hereto and all other agreements 
referenced therein and herein, constitute the entire agreement between the 
parties hereto pertaining to the subject matter hereof and supersede all 
prior and contemporaneous agreements, understandings, negotiations and 
discussions, whether oral or written, of the parties and there are no 
warranties, representations or other agreements between the parties in 
connection with the subject matter hereof except as specifically set forth 
herein and therein.
 
Section 11.5                             Rights of Members Independent.  
The rights available to the Members under this Agreement and at Law shall 
be deemed to be several and not dependent on each other and each such right 
accordingly shall be construed as complete in itself and not by reference 
to any other such right.  Any one or more and/or any combination of such 
rights may be exercised by a Member and/or the Company from time to time 
and no such exercise shall exhaust the rights or preclude another Member 
from exercising any one or more of such rights or combination thereof from 
time to time thereafter or simultaneously.
 
Section 11.6                             Governing Law.  This Agreement, 
the legal relations between the parties and any Action, whether contractual 
or non-contractual, instituted by any party with respect to matters arising 
under or growing out of or in connection with or in respect of this 
Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the Laws of 
the State of Delaware applicable to contracts made and performed in such 
State and without regard to conflicts of law doctrines.
 
Section 11.7                             Jurisdiction and Venue.  The 
parties hereto hereby agree and consent to be subject to the jurisdiction 
of any federal court of the District of Delaware or the Delaware Court of 
Chancery over any action, suit or proceeding (a “Legal Action”) arising out 
of or in connection with this Agreement.  The parties hereto irrevocably 
waive the defense of an inconvenient forum to the maintenance of any such 
Legal Action.  Each of the parties hereto further irrevocably consents to 
the service of process out of any of the aforementioned courts in any such 
Legal Action by the mailing of copies thereof by registered mail, postage 
prepaid, to such party at its address set forth in
 
46
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
this Agreement, such service of process to be effective upon acknowledgment 
of receipt of such registered mail.  Nothing in this Section 11.7 shall 
affect the right of any party hereto to serve legal process in any other 
manner permitted by law.
 
Section 11.8                             Headings.  The descriptive 
headings of the Articles, Sections and subsections of this Agreement are 
for convenience only and do not constitute a part of this Agreement.
 
Section 11.9                             Counterparts.  This Agreement and 
any amendment hereto or any other agreement (or document) delivered 
pursuant hereto may be executed in one or more counterparts and by 
different parties in separate counterparts.  All of such counterparts shall 
constitute one and the same agreement (or other document) and shall become 
effective (unless otherwise provided therein) when one or more counterparts 
have been signed by each party and delivered to the other party.
 
Section 11.10                      Notices.  Any notice or other 
communication hereunder must be given in writing and (a) delivered in 
person, (b) transmitted by facsimile, electronic mail or telecommunications 
mechanism, provided that any notice so given is also mailed as provided in 
clause (c), or (c) mailed by certified or registered mail, postage prepaid, 
receipt requested as follows:
 
        If to the Company or the Managing Member, addressed to it at:
 
        Cactus, Inc.
        Cobalt Center
        920 Memorial City Way, Suite 300
        Houston, TX 77024
        Attention: Scott Bender
        Telephone: (713) 626-8800
        Facsimile: (713) 626-8800
        Email: scott.bender@cactuswellhead.com
 
        With copies (which shall not constitute notice) to:
 
        Vinson & Elkins L.L.P.
        666 Fifth Avenue, 26th Floor
        New York, NY 10103
        Telephone: (212) 237-0036
        Facsimile: (212) 237-0100
        Email: avelazquez@velaw.com
 
47
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
or to such other address or to such other Person as either party shall have 
last designated by such notice to the other parties.  Each such notice or 
other communication shall be effective (i) if given by telecommunication or 
electronically, when transmitted to the applicable number or electronic 
email address so specified in (or pursuant to) this Section 11.10 and an 
appropriate answerback is received or, if transmitted after 4:00 p.m.  
local time on a Business Day in the jurisdiction to which such notice is 
sent or at any time on a day that is not a Business Day in the jurisdiction 
to which such notice is sent, then on the immediately following Business 
Day, (ii) if given by mail, on the first Business Day in the jurisdiction 
to which such notice is sent following the date three days after such 
communication is deposited in the mails with first class postage prepaid, 
addressed as aforesaid or (iii) if given by any other means, on the 
Business Day when actually received at such address or, if not received on 
a Business Day, on the Business Day immediately following such actual 
receipt.
 
Section 11.11                      Representation By Counsel; 
Interpretation.  The parties acknowledge that each party to this Agreement 
has been represented by counsel in connection with this Agreement and the 
transactions contemplated by this Agreement.  Accordingly, any rule of Law, 
or any legal decision that would require interpretation of any claimed 
ambiguities in this Agreement against the party that drafted it has no 
application and is expressly waived.
 
Section 11.12                      Severability.  If any provision of this 
Agreement is determined to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable by any 
Governmental Entity, the remaining provisions of this Agreement, to the 
extent permitted by Law shall remain in full force and effect, provided 
that the essential terms and conditions of this Agreement for all parties 
remain valid, binding and enforceable.
 
Section 11.13                      Expenses.  Except as otherwise provided 
in this Agreement or in the Closing Agreement, each party shall bear its 
own expenses in connection with the transactions contemplated by this 
Agreement.
 
Section 11.14                      No Third Party Beneficiaries.  Except as 
expressly provided in Sections 6.4 and 9.2, nothing in this Agreement, 
express or implied, is intended to confer upon any party, other than the 
parties hereto and their respective successors and permitted assigns, any 
rights or remedies under this Agreement or otherwise create any third party 
beneficiary hereto.
 
[Signatures on Next Page]
 
48
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, each of the parties hereto has caused this First 
Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Operating Agreement to be 
executed as of the day and year first above written and effective as of the 
Effective Date.
 
 
COMPANY:
 
 
 
CACTUS WELLHEAD, LLC
 
 
 
 
By:
/s/ Scott Bender
 
Name:
Scott Bender
 
Title:
President
 
SIGNATURE PAGE TO
FIRST AMENDED AND RESTATED LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY OPERATING AGREEMENT OF
CACTUS WELLHEAD, LLC
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
 
MEMBERS:
 
 
 
CADENT ENERGY PARTNERS II, L.P.
 
 
 
By: Cadent Energy Partners II GP, L.P., its general partner
 
 
 
By: CEPII-GP, LLC, its general partner
 
 
 
 
By:
/s/ Bruce Rothstein
 
Name:
Bruce Rothstein
 
Title:
Managing Member
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
CACTUS WH ENTERPRISES, LLC
 
 
 
 
By:
/s/ Scott Bender
 
Name:
Scott Bender
 
Title:
President
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
LEE BOQUET
 
 
 
 
/s/ Lee Boquet
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
CACTUS, INC.
 
 
 
 
By:
/s/ Scott Bender
 
Name:
Scott Bender
 
Title:
President, CEO and director
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGING MEMBER:
 
 
 
CACTUS, INC.
 
 
 
 
By:
/s/ Scott Bender
 
Name:
Scott Bender
 
Title:
President, CEO and director
 
SIGNATURE PAGE TO
FIRST AMENDED AND RESTATED LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY OPERATING AGREEMENT OF
CACTUS WELLHEAD, LLC
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------

 
EXHIBIT A
 
Members of Cactus Wellhead, LLC Prior to Recapitalization
 
Member
 
Cadent Energy Partners II, L.P.
 
Cactus WH Enterprises, LLC
 
Lee Boquet
 
51
------------------------------------------------------------------------