 EX-10.4 6 ex10-4.htm EX-10.4
CONTINUING GUARANTY
 
 
TO: 	WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION
 
1.       GUARANTY; DEFINITIONS. In consideration of any credit or other 
financial accommodation heretofore, now or hereafter extended or made to 
EnviroStar, Inc., a Delaware corporation ("Borrower"), by WELLS FARGO BANK, 
NATIONAL ASSOCIATION ("Bank"), and for other valuable consideration, the 
undersigned AADVANTAGE LAUNDRY SYSTEMS, INC., a Delaware corporation 
("Guarantor"), jointly and severally unconditionally guarantees and 
promises to pay to Bank, after the occurrence and during the continuance of 
an Event of Default (as such term is defined in the Credit Agreement dated 
as of October 7, 2016 between Borrower and Bank, as amended by that certain 
Amendment to Credit Agreement and Other Loan Documents dated as of June 23, 
2017, as amended by that certain Second Amendment to Credit Agreement and 
Other Loan Documents dated as of October 30, 2017, and as amended by that 
certain Third Amendment to Credit Agreement and Other Loan Documents dated 
of even date herewith (as the same may be further amended or modified from 
time to time, the “Credit Agreement”) in lawful money of the United States 
of America and in immediately available funds, any and all Indebtedness of 
any of the Borrower to Bank, all without relief from valuation and 
appraisement laws as applicable. The term "Indebtedness" is used herein in 
its most comprehensive sense and includes any and all advances, debts, 
obligations and liabilities of Borrower, heretofore, now or hereafter made, 
incurred or created, whether voluntary or involuntary and however arising, 
whether due or not due, absolute or contingent, liquidated or unliquidated, 
determined or undetermined, including under any swap, derivative, foreign 
exchange, hedge, deposit, treasury management or other similar transaction 
or arrangement, and whether the Borrower may be liable individually or 
jointly with others, or whether recovery upon such Indebtedness may be or 
hereafter becomes unenforceable. This Guaranty is a guaranty of payment and 
not collection. Guarantor’s obligations under this Guaranty are secured by 
that certain Security Agreement dated of even date herewith from Borrower, 
Guarantor and certain other entities in favor of Bank.
 
2.       MAXIMUM LIABILITY; SUCCESSIVE TRANSACTIONS; REVOCATION; OBLIGATION 
UNDER OTHER GUARANTIES. This is a continuing guaranty and all rights, 
powers and remedies hereunder shall apply to all Indebtedness of the 
Borrower to Bank, whether now existing or hereafter arising, including that 
arising under successive transactions which shall either continue the 
Indebtedness, increase or decrease it, or from time to time create new 
Indebtedness after all or any prior Indebtedness has been satisfied, and 
notwithstanding the dissolution, liquidation or bankruptcy of the Borrower 
or Guarantor or any other event or proceeding affecting the Borrower or 
Guarantor. This Guaranty shall not apply to any new Indebtedness created 
after actual receipt by Bank of written notice of its revocation as to such 
new Indebtedness; provided however, that loans or advances made by Bank to 
the Borrower after revocation under commitments existing prior to receipt 
by Bank of such revocation, and extensions, renewals or modifications, of 
any kind, of Indebtedness incurred by the Borrower or committed by Bank 
prior to receipt by Bank of such revocation, shall not be considered new 
Indebtedness. Any such notice must be sent to Bank by registered U.S. mail, 
postage prepaid, addressed to its office at 333 SE 2nd Avenue, 22nd Floor, 
Miami, Florida 33131, or at such other address as Bank shall from time to 
time designate. Any payment by Guarantor shall not reduce Guarantor's 
maximum obligation hereunder unless written notice to that effect is 
actually received by Bank at or prior to the time of such payment. The 
obligations of Guarantor hereunder shall be in addition to any obligations 
of Guarantor under any other guaranties of any liabilities or obligations 
of the Borrower or any other persons

-1- 

 

heretofore or hereafter given to Bank unless said other guaranties are 
expressly modified or revoked in writing; and this Guaranty shall not, 
unless expressly herein provided, affect or invalidate any such other 
guaranties.
 
3.       OBLIGATIONS JOINT AND SEVERAL; SEPARATE ACTIONS; WAIVER OF STATUTE 
OF LIMITATIONS; REINSTATEMENT OF LIABILITY. The obligations hereunder are 
joint and several and independent of the obligations of Borrower, and a 
separate action or actions may be brought and prosecuted against Guarantor 
whether action is brought against the Borrower or any other person, or 
whether the Borrower or any other person is joined in any such action or 
actions. Guarantor acknowledges that this Guaranty is absolute and 
unconditional, there are no conditions precedent to the effectiveness of 
this Guaranty, and this Guaranty is in full force and effect and is binding 
on Guarantor as of the date written below, regardless of whether Bank 
obtains collateral or any guaranties from others or takes any other action 
contemplated by Guarantor. To the extent permitted by applicable law, 
Guarantor waives the benefit of any statute of limitations affecting 
Guarantor's liability hereunder or the enforcement thereof, and Guarantor 
agrees that any payment of any Indebtedness or other act which shall toll 
any statute of limitations applicable thereto shall similarly operate to 
toll such statute of limitations applicable to Guarantor's liability 
hereunder. The liability of Guarantor hereunder shall be reinstated and 
revived and the rights of Bank shall continue if and to the extent for any 
reason any amount at any time paid on account of any Indebtedness 
guaranteed hereby is rescinded or must otherwise be restored by Bank, 
whether as a result of any proceedings in bankruptcy or reorganization or 
otherwise, all as though such amount had not been paid. The determination 
as to whether any amount so paid must be rescinded or restored shall be 
made by Bank in its sole discretion; provided however, that if Bank chooses 
to contest any such matter at the request of Guarantor, Guarantor agrees to 
indemnify and hold Bank harmless from and against all costs and expenses, 
including reasonable attorneys' fees, expended or incurred by Bank in 
connection therewith, including without limitation, in any litigation with 
respect thereto.
 
4.       AUTHORIZATIONS TO BANK. Guarantor authorizes Bank either before or 
after revocation hereof, without notice to or demand on Guarantor, and 
without affecting Guarantor's liability hereunder, from time to time to: 
(a) alter, compromise, renew, extend, accelerate or otherwise change the 
time for payment of, or otherwise change the terms of the Indebtedness or 
any portion thereof, including increase or decrease of the rate of interest 
thereon; (b) take and hold security for the payment of this Guaranty or the 
Indebtedness or any portion thereof, and exchange, enforce, waive, 
subordinate or release any such security; (c) apply such security and 
direct the order or manner of sale thereof, including without limitation, a 
non-judicial sale permitted by the terms of the controlling security 
agreement, mortgage or deed of trust, as Bank in its discretion may 
determine; (d) release or substitute any one or more of the endorsers or 
any other guarantors of the Indebtedness, or any portion thereof, or any 
other party thereto; and (e) apply payments received by Bank from the 
Borrower to any Indebtedness of the Borrower to Bank, in such order as Bank 
shall determine in its sole discretion, whether or not such Indebtedness is 
covered by this Guaranty, and Guarantor hereby waives any provision of law 
regarding application of payments which specifies otherwise. Bank may 
without notice assign this Guaranty in whole or in part. Upon Bank's 
request, Guarantor agrees to provide to Bank copies of Guarantor's 
financial statements.
 
5.       REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES AND COVENANTS. Guarantor represents 
and warrants to Bank that: (a) this Guaranty is executed at Borrower’s 
request; (b) Guarantor shall not, without Bank's prior written consent, 
sell, lease, assign, encumber, hypothecate, transfer or otherwise dispose 
of all or a substantial or material part of Guarantor's

-2- 

 

assets other than in the ordinary course of Guarantor's business; (c) Bank 
has made no representation to Guarantor as to the creditworthiness of the 
Borrower; and (d) Guarantor has established adequate means of obtaining 
from the Borrower on a continuing basis financial and other information 
pertaining to Borrower’s financial condition. Guarantor agrees to keep 
adequately informed from such means of any facts, events or circumstances 
which might in any way affect Guarantor's risks hereunder, and Guarantor 
further agrees that Bank shall have no obligation to disclose to Guarantor 
any information or material about the Borrower which is acquired by Bank in 
any manner. In addition, Guarantor hereby covenants and agrees to comply 
with all covenants applicable to Guarantor as set forth in the Credit 
Agreement dated of even date herewith between Borrower and Bank.
 
6.       BANK'S RIGHTS WITH RESPECT TO GUARANTOR'S PROPERTY IN BANK'S 
POSSESSION. In addition to all liens upon and rights of setoff against the 
monies, securities or other property of Guarantor given to Bank by law, 
Bank shall have a lien upon and a right of setoff against all monies, 
securities and other property of Guarantor now or hereafter in the 
possession of or on deposit with Bank, whether held in a general or special 
account or deposit or for safekeeping or otherwise, and every such lien and 
right of setoff may be exercised without demand upon or notice to 
Guarantor. No lien or right of setoff shall be deemed to have been waived 
by any act or conduct on the part of Bank, or by any neglect to exercise 
such right of setoff or to enforce such lien, or by any delay in so doing, 
and every right of setoff and lien shall continue in full force and effect 
until such right of setoff or lien is specifically waived or released by 
Bank in writing. Bank may exercise this remedy regardless of the adequacy 
of any collateral for the obligations of Guarantor to Bank and whether or 
not the Bank is otherwise fully secured.
 
7.       SUBORDINATION. Any Indebtedness of the Borrower now or hereafter 
held by Guarantor is hereby subordinated to the Indebtedness of Borrower to 
Bank. For purposes of this Section 7, “Indebtedness” shall not include 
Borrower’s obligations owed to Guarantor related to regularly scheduled 
lease or rental obligations to its shareholders pursuant to bona fide 
written leases (copies of which have been provided to Bank), ordinary 
compensation to its shareholders (which compensation does not constitute 
indebtedness), share issuances to its shareholders, post-closing 
adjustments to the purchase price owed to Guarantor under that certain 
asset purchase agreement entered into by Borrower, Guarantor and certain 
other parties thereto, and buyer and seller indemnifications under said 
asset purchase agreement. Such Indebtedness of Borrower to Guarantor is 
assigned to Bank as security for this Guaranty and the Indebtedness and, if 
Bank requests, shall be collected and received by Guarantor as trustee for 
Bank and paid over to Bank on account of the Indebtedness of Borrower to 
Bank but without reducing or affecting in any manner the liability of 
Guarantor under the other provisions of this Guaranty. Any notes or other 
instruments now or hereafter evidencing such Indebtedness of the Borrower 
to Guarantor shall be marked with a legend that the same are subject to 
this Guaranty and, if Bank so requests, shall be delivered to Bank. Bank is 
hereby authorized in the name of Guarantor from time to time to file 
financing statements and continuation statements and execute such other 
documents and take such other action as Bank deems necessary or appropriate 
to perfect, preserve and enforce its rights hereunder.
 
8.       REMEDIES; NO WAIVER. All rights, powers and remedies of Bank 
hereunder are cumulative. No delay, failure or discontinuance of Bank in 
exercising any right, power or remedy hereunder shall affect or operate as 
a waiver of such right, power or remedy; nor shall any single or partial 
exercise of any such right, power or remedy preclude, waive or otherwise 
affect any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other 
right, power or remedy. Any waiver, permit, consent or approval of any kind 
by Bank of any breach of this Guaranty, or

-3- 

 

any such waiver of any provisions or conditions hereof, must be in writing 
and shall be effective only to the extent set forth in writing.
 
9.       COSTS, EXPENSES AND ATTORNEYS' FEES. Guarantor shall pay to Bank 
immediately upon demand the full amount of all payments, advances, charges, 
costs and expenses, including, to the extent permitted by applicable law, 
reasonable attorneys' fees (to include outside counsel fees), expended or 
incurred by Bank in connection with the enforcement of any of Bank’s 
rights, powers or remedies and/or the collection of any amounts which 
become due to Bank under this Guaranty, and the prosecution or defense of 
any action in any way related to this Guaranty, whether or not suit is 
brought, and if suit is brought, whether incurred at the trial or appellate 
level, in an arbitration proceeding or otherwise, and including any of the 
foregoing incurred in connection with any bankruptcy proceeding (including 
without limitation, any adversary proceeding, contested matter or motion 
brought by Bank or any other person) relating to Guarantor or any other 
person or entity, Notwithstanding anything in this Guaranty to the 
contrary, reasonable attorneys’ fees shall not exceed the maximum amount 
permitted by law. Whenever in this Guaranty Guarantor is obligated to pay 
for the attorneys’ fees of Bank, or the phrase “reasonable attorneys’ fees” 
or a similar phrase is used, it shall be Guarantor’s obligation to pay the 
attorneys’ fees actually incurred or allocated, at standard hourly rates, 
without regard to any statutory interpretation, which shall not apply, 
Guarantor hereby waiving the application of any such statute. Subject to 
any restrictions under applicable law pertaining to usury, all of the 
foregoing shall be paid by Guarantor with interest from the date of demand 
until paid in full at a rate per annum equal to the greater of any default 
rate applicable to the Borrower’s outstanding obligations under that 
certain Credit Agreement dated of even date herewith, or Bank’s Prime Rate 
in effect from time to time.
 
10.       SUCCESSORS; ASSIGNMENT. This Guaranty shall be binding upon and 
inure to the benefit of the heirs, executors, administrators, legal 
representatives, successors and assigns of the parties; provided however, 
that Guarantor may not assign or transfer any of its interests or rights 
hereunder without Bank's prior written consent. Guarantor acknowledges that 
Bank has the right to sell, assign, transfer, negotiate or grant 
participations in all or any part of, or any interest in, any Indebtedness 
of Borrower to Bank and any obligations with respect thereto, including 
this Guaranty. In connection therewith, Bank may disclose all documents and 
information which Bank now has or hereafter acquires relating to Guarantor 
and/or this Guaranty, whether furnished by Borrower, Guarantor or 
otherwise. Guarantor further agrees that Bank may disclose such documents 
and information to Borrower.
 
11.       AMENDMENT. This Guaranty may be amended or modified only in 
writing signed by Bank and Guarantor.
 
12.       APPLICATION OF SINGULAR AND PLURAL. In all cases where there is 
but a single Borrower, then all words used herein in the plural shall be 
deemed to have been used in the singular where the context and construction 
so require; and when there is more than one Borrower named herein, or when 
this Guaranty is executed by more than one Guarantor, the word "Borrower" 
and the word "Guarantor" respectively shall mean all or any one or more of 
them as the context requires.
 
13.       COUNTERPARTS; GOVERNING LAW. This Guaranty may be executed in as 
many counterparts as may be required to reflect all parties assent; all 
counterparts will collectively constitute a single agreement. This Guaranty 
shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State 
of New York. but giving effect to federal laws applicable to national 
banks, without reference to the conflicts of law or choice of law 
principles thereof.
 

-4- 

 

14.       GUARANTOR’S WAIVERS.
 
(a)       To the extent permitted under applicable law, Guarantor waives 
any right to require Bank to: (i) proceed against the Borrower or any other 
person; (ii) marshal assets or proceed against or exhaust any security held 
from the Borrower or any other person; (iii) give notice of the terms, time 
and place of any public or private sale or other disposition of personal 
property security held from the Borrower or any other person; (iv) take any 
other action or pursue any other remedy in Bank's power; or (v) make any 
presentment or demand for performance, or give any notices of any kind, 
including, without limitation, any notice of nonperformance, protest, 
notice of protest or notice of dishonor, notice of intention to accelerate 
or notice of acceleration hereunder or in connection with any obligations 
or evidences of indebtedness held by Bank as security for or which 
constitute in whole or in part the Indebtedness guaranteed hereunder, or in 
connection with the creation of new or additional Indebtedness; or (vi) set 
off against the Indebtedness the fair value of any real or personal 
property given as collateral for the Indebtedness (whether such right of 
setoff arises under statute or otherwise). In addition to the foregoing, 
Guarantor specifically waives any statutory right it might have to require 
Bank to proceed against Borrower or any collateral that secures the 
Indebtedness.
 
(b)       To the extent permitted under applicable law, Guarantor waives 
any defense to its obligations hereunder based upon or arising by reason 
of: (i) any disability or other defense of the Borrower or any other 
person; (ii) the cessation or limitation from any cause whatsoever, other 
than payment in full, of the Indebtedness of the Borrower or any other 
person; (iii) any lack of authority of any officer, director, partner, 
agent or any other person acting or purporting to act on behalf of the 
Borrower which is a corporation, partnership or other type of entity, or 
any defect in the formation of any such Borrower; (iv) the application by 
the Borrower of the proceeds of any Indebtedness for purposes other than 
the purposes represented by Borrower to, or intended or understood by, Bank 
or Guarantor; (v) any act or omission by Bank which directly or indirectly 
results in or aids the discharge of the Borrower or any portion of the 
Indebtedness by operation of law or otherwise, or which in any way impairs 
or suspends any rights or remedies of Bank against the Borrower; (vi) any 
impairment of the value of any interest in security for the Indebtedness or 
any portion thereof, including without limitation, the failure to obtain or 
maintain perfection or recordation of any interest in any such security, 
the release of any such security without substitution, and/or the failure 
to preserve the value of, or to comply with applicable law in disposing of, 
any such security; (vii) any modification of the Indebtedness, in any form 
whatsoever, including any modification made after revocation hereof to any 
Indebtedness incurred prior to such revocation, and including without 
limitation the renewal, extension, acceleration or other change in time for 
payment of, or other change in the terms of, the Indebtedness or any 
portion thereof, including increase or decrease of the rate of interest 
thereon; or (viii) or any requirement that Bank give any notice of 
acceptance of this Guaranty. Until all Indebtedness shall have been paid in 
full, Guarantor shall have no right of subrogation, and Guarantor waives 
any right to enforce any remedy which Bank now has or may hereafter have 
against the Borrower or any other person and waives any benefit of, or any 
right to participate in, any security now or hereafter held by Bank. To the 
fullest extent permitted by applicable law, Guarantor waives all rights of 
a surety and the benefits of any applicable suretyship law, statute or 
regulation, and without limiting any of the waivers set forth herein, 
Guarantor further waives, to the extent permitted under applicable law, any 
other fact or event that, in the absence of this provision, would or might 
constitute or afford a legal or equitable discharge or release of or 
defense to Borrower.
 

-5- 

 

(c)       Guarantor further waives all rights and defenses Guarantor may 
have arising out of (i) any election of remedies by Bank, even though that 
election of remedies, such as a non-judicial foreclosure with respect to 
any security for any portion of the Indebtedness, destroys Guarantor's 
rights of subrogation or Guarantor's rights to proceed against the Borrower 
for reimbursement, or (ii) any loss of rights Guarantor may suffer by 
reason of any rights, powers or remedies of the Borrower in connection with 
any anti-deficiency laws or any other laws limiting, qualifying or 
discharging Borrower’s Indebtedness, whether by operation of law or 
otherwise, including any rights Guarantor may have to claim a fair market 
credit with respect to a deficiency or have a fair market value hearing to 
determine the size of a deficiency following any foreclosure sale or other 
disposition of any real property security for any portion of the 
Indebtedness, and Guarantor waives any right Guarantor may have under any 
“one-action” rule. Guarantor further waives the benefit of any homestead, 
exemption or other similar laws.
 
15.       UNDERSTANDING WITH RESPECT TO WAIVERS; SEVERABILITY OF 
PROVISIONS. Guarantor warrants and agrees that each of the waivers set 
forth herein is made with Guarantor's full knowledge of its significance 
and consequences, and that under the circumstances, the waivers are 
reasonable and not contrary to public policy or law. If any waiver or other 
provision of this Guaranty shall be held to be prohibited by or invalid 
under applicable public policy or law, such waiver or other provision shall 
be ineffective only to the extent of such prohibition or invalidity, 
without invalidating the remainder of such waiver or other provision or any 
remaining provisions of this Guaranty.
 
16.       ARBITRATION.
 
(a)       Arbitration. The parties hereto agree, upon demand by any party, 
to submit to binding arbitration all claims, disputes and controversies 
between or among them (and their respective employees, officers, directors, 
attorneys, and other agents), whether in tort, contract or otherwise in any 
way arising out of or relating to this Guaranty and its negotiation, 
execution, collateralization, administration, repayment, modification, 
extension, substitution, formation, inducement, enforcement, default or 
termination. In the event of a court ordered arbitration, the party 
requesting arbitration shall be responsible for timely filing the demand 
for arbitration and paying the appropriate filing fee within 30 days of the 
abatement order or the time specified by the court. Failure to timely file 
the demand for arbitration as ordered by the court will result in that 
party’s right to demand arbitration being automatically terminated.
 
(b)       Governing Rules. Any arbitration proceeding will (i) proceed in a 
location in New York selected by the American Arbitration Association 
(“AAA”); (ii) be governed by the Federal Arbitration Act (Title 9 of the 
United States Code), notwithstanding any conflicting choice of law 
provision in any of the documents between the parties; and (iii) be 
conducted by the AAA, or such other administrator as the parties shall 
mutually agree upon, in accordance with the AAA’s commercial dispute 
resolution procedures, unless the claim or counterclaim is at least 
$1,000,000.00 exclusive of claimed interest, arbitration fees and costs in 
which case the arbitration shall be conducted in accordance with the AAA’s 
optional procedures for large, complex commercial disputes (the commercial 
dispute resolution procedures or the optional procedures for large, complex 
commercial disputes to be referred to herein, as applicable, as the 
“Rules”). If there is any inconsistency between the terms hereof and the 
Rules, the terms and procedures set forth herein shall control. Any party 
who fails or refuses to submit to arbitration following a demand by any 
other party shall bear all costs and expenses incurred by such other party 
in compelling arbitration of any dispute. Nothing contained herein shall be 
deemed to be a waiver by any party that is a bank of the protections 
afforded to it under 12 U.S.C. §91 or any similar applicable state law.
 

-6- 

 

(c)       No Waiver of Provisional Remedies, Self-Help and Foreclosure. The 
arbitration requirement does not limit the right of any party to (i) 
foreclose against real or personal property collateral; (ii) exercise 
self-help remedies relating to collateral or proceeds of collateral such as 
setoff or repossession; or (iii) obtain provisional or ancillary remedies 
such as replevin, injunctive relief, attachment or the appointment of a 
receiver, before during or after the pendency of any arbitration 
proceeding. This exclusion does not constitute a waiver of the right or 
obligation of any party to submit any dispute to arbitration or reference 
hereunder, including those arising from the exercise of the actions 
detailed in sections (i), (ii) and (iii) of this paragraph.
 
(d)       Arbitrator Qualifications and Powers. Any arbitration proceeding 
in which the amount in controversy is $5,000,000.00 or less will be decided 
by a single arbitrator selected according to the Rules, and who shall not 
render an award of greater than $5,000,000.00. Any dispute in which the 
amount in controversy exceeds $5,000,000.00 shall be decided by majority 
vote of a panel of three arbitrators; provided however, that all three 
arbitrators must actively participate in all hearings and deliberations. 
The arbitrator will be a neutral attorney licensed in New York or a neutral 
retired judge of the state or federal judiciary of New York, in either case 
with a minimum of ten years’ experience in the substantive law applicable 
to the subject matter of the dispute to be arbitrated. The arbitrator will 
determine whether or not an issue is arbitratable and will give effect to 
the statutes of limitation in determining any claim. In any arbitration 
proceeding the arbitrator will decide (by documents only or with a hearing 
at the arbitrator's discretion) any pre-hearing motions which are similar 
to motions to dismiss for failure to state a claim or motions for summary 
adjudication. The arbitrator shall resolve all disputes in accordance with 
the substantive law of New York and may grant any remedy or relief that a 
court of such state could order or grant within the scope hereof and such 
ancillary relief as is necessary to make effective any award. The 
arbitrator shall also have the power to award recovery of all costs and 
fees, to impose sanctions and to take such other action as the arbitrator 
deems necessary to the same extent a judge could pursuant to the Federal 
Rules of Civil Procedure, the corresponding rules of civil practice and 
procedure in New York or other applicable law. Judgment upon the award 
rendered by the arbitrator may be entered in any court having jurisdiction. 
The institution and maintenance of an action for judicial relief or pursuit 
of a provisional or ancillary remedy shall not constitute a waiver of the 
right of any party, including the plaintiff, to submit the controversy or 
claim to arbitration if any other party contests such action for judicial 
relief.
 
(e)       Discovery. In any arbitration proceeding, discovery will be 
permitted in accordance with the Rules. All discovery shall be expressly 
limited to matters directly relevant to the dispute being arbitrated and 
must be completed no later than 20 days before the hearing date. Any 
requests for an extension of the discovery periods, or any discovery 
disputes, will be subject to final determination by the arbitrator upon a 
showing that the request for discovery is essential for the party's 
presentation and that no alternative means for obtaining information is 
available.
 
(f)       Class Proceedings and Consolidations. No party hereto shall be 
entitled to join or consolidate disputes by or against others in any 
arbitration, except parties who have executed this Agreement or any other 
contract, instrument or document relating to any Indebtedness, or to 
include in any arbitration any dispute as a representative or member of a 
class, or to act in any arbitration in the interest of the general public 
or in a private attorney general capacity.
 
(g)       Payment Of Arbitration Costs And Fees. The arbitrator shall award 
all costs and expenses of the arbitration proceeding.
 

-7- 

 

(h)       Miscellaneous. To the maximum extent practicable, the AAA, the 
arbitrators and the parties shall take all action required to conclude any 
arbitration proceeding within 180 days of the filing of the dispute with 
the AAA or administrator. No arbitrator or other party to an arbitration 
proceeding may disclose the existence, content or results thereof, except 
for disclosures of information by a party required in the ordinary course 
of its business or by applicable law or regulation. If more than one 
agreement for arbitration by or between the parties potentially applies to 
a dispute, the arbitration provision most directly related to the documents 
between the parties or the subject matter of the dispute shall control. 
This arbitration provision shall survive termination, amendment or 
expiration of any of the documents or any relationship between the parties.
 
(i)       Small Claims Court. Notwithstanding anything herein to the 
contrary, each party retains the right to pursue in Small Claims Court any 
dispute within that court’s jurisdiction. Further, this arbitration 
provision shall apply only to disputes in which either party seeks to 
recover an amount of money (excluding attorneys’ fees and costs) that 
exceeds the jurisdictional limit of the Small Claims Court.

-8- 

 

 
 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned Guarantor has executed this Guaranty, 
intending to be legally bound hereby, as of February 8, 2018.
 
 
 
AADVANTAGE LAUNDRY SYSTEMS, INC., a Delaware corporation
 
 
By: /s/Henry M. Nahmad                 
Henry M. Nahmad, President
 
 

-9- 

 