 EX-10.4 5 v122546_ex10-4.htm
THIS NOTE HAS NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS 
AMENDED (THE “SECURITIES ACT”), NOR QUALIFIED UNDER ANY APPLICABLE STATE 
SECURITIES LAWS AND MAY NOT BE PLEDGED, SOLD, ASSIGNED OR TRANSFERRED 
UNLESS (I) A REGISTRATION STATEMENT WITH RESPECT THERETO IS EFFECTIVE UNDER 
THE SECURITIES ACT AND ANY APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAW REQUIREMENTS 
HAVE BEEN MET OR (II) THE COMPANY RECEIVES AN OPINION OF COUNSEL REASONABLY 
ACCEPTABLE TO THE COMPANY THAT EXEMPTIONS FROM THE REGISTRATION 
REQUIREMENTS UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT AND THE REGISTRATION OR QUALIFICATION 
REQUIREMENTS OF APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS ARE AVAILABLE.
 
No. _____ 	  	
$_____________
  	  	
Irvine, California
 
CHINA TEL HOLDING CORPORATION
(formerly, Asia Special Situation Acquisition Corp.)
FORM OF CONVERTIBLE PROMISSORY NOTE
DUE: March 31, 2009

FOR VALUE RECEIVED, CHINA TEL HOLDING CORPORATION (formerly, Asia Special 
Situation Acquisition Corp.), a Cayman Island corporation (the “Company”) 
with an address at c/o M&C Corporate Services Limited, P.O. Box 309 GT, 
Ugland House, South Church Street, George Town, Grand Cayman, Cayman 
Islands, hereby promises to pay to the order of 
_____________________________________________ (the “Payee”) or his or its 
registered assigns (together with the Payee, the “Holder”), the sum of 
______________________________________________ Dollars ($_________) or such 
lesser amount as shall then be outstanding hereunder.

Unless previously converted by the Holder into ordinary shares, $0.0001 par 
value per share, of the Company (the “Ordinary Shares”) as provided herein, 
the entire outstanding principal amount of this Note shall be due and 
payable, together with all interest accrued hereon, on March 31, 2009 (the 
“Maturity Date”).
 
Payment for all amounts of cash or delivery of Ordinary Shares due 
hereunder shall be made by mail to the registered address of the Holder. 
The Payee of this Note was a former holder of 10% CHTL Convertible 
Debentures that, pursuant to the terms of an agreement and plan of merger 
(the “Merger Agreement”) dated as of July 31, 2008, among the Company, CHTL 
Acquisition Corp. and China Tel Group, Inc., a Nevada corporation (“China 
Tel”), George Alvarez and certain other CHTL Principal Shareholders, was 
exchanged for this Note. Pursuant to the terms of the Merger Agreement, the 
Payee has received this Note, in lieu of an identical principal amount of 
the CHTL Convertible Debenture. This Note is one of the ASSAC Debentures 
referred to in the Merger Agreement. Capitalized terms used but not defined 
herein shall have the meanings assigned to them in the Merger Agreement.
 
The following is a statement of the rights of the Holder of this Note and 
the conditions to which this Note is subject, and to which the Holder 
hereof, by the acceptance of this Note, agrees:
 
1. Definitions. As used in this Note, the following terms, unless the 
context otherwise requires, have the following meanings:
 
1
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
“Company” includes any corporation that may succeed to or assume the 
obligations of the Company under this Note.
 
“Company Debenture Exchange Ratio.” shall mean 0.2368421:1, meaning that 
each $1.00 principal amount of this Note (inclusive of interest accrued 
hereon) shall be converted into 0.2368421 Ordinary Shares of the Company; 
which Company Debenture Exchange Ratio was determined by dividing $1.00 by 
the $0.95 conversion price of the CHTL Debentures and multiplying the 
result thereof by $2.25.
 
“Conversion Shares” shall mean the Ordinary Shares of the Company issuable 
upon the full or any partial conversion of this Note.
 
“Holder,” when the context refers to a Holder of this Note, shall mean any 
person who shall at the time be the registered Holder of this Note.
 
2. Interest. This Note shall bear interest at the annual rate of ten 
percent (10%) which shall accrue and be added to the outstanding principal 
amount of this Note, and shall be payable on the Maturity Date. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if this Note shall not be paid or satisfied 
in full on the Maturity Date, this Note shall bear interest, commencing on 
the Maturity Date, at the rate of twelve percent (12%) per annum, payable 
on the last day of each month following the Maturity Date, until such time 
as the entire unpaid principal amount of this Note, together with all 
interest accrued hereon shall have been paid in full.
 
Prepayment. The Company shall not have the right to prepay this Note in 
whole or in part prior to the Maturity Date, without the prior written 
consent or approval of the Holder.
 
3. Events of Default. If any of the events specified in this Section 3 
shall occur (herein individually referred to as an “Event of Default”) and 
shall not have been cured within ten Business Days after written notice of 
such default has been given by the Holder to the Company, the Holder of the 
Note may, so long as such condition exists, declare the entire principal 
and unpaid accrued interest hereon immediately due and payable:
 
3.1 Default in the payment of the principal amount of this Note and all 
accrued interest when due on the Maturity Date; or
 
3.2 (a) The institution by the Company of proceedings to be adjudicated as 
bankrupt or insolvent, or the consent by it to institution of bankruptcy or 
insolvency proceedings against it or the filing by it of a petition or 
answer or consent seeking reorganization or release under the federal 
Bankruptcy Act, or any other applicable federal or state law, or the 
consent by it to the filing of any such petition or the appointment of a 
receiver, liquidator, assignee, trustee or other similar official of the 
Company, as applicable, or of any substantial part of its property, or the 
making by it of an assignment for the benefit of creditors, or the taking 
of corporate action by the Company in furtherance of any such action; and
 
(b) if, within sixty (60) days after the commencement of an action against 
the Company (and service of process in connection therewith on the Company) 
seeking any bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, liquidation, 
dissolution or similar relief under any present or future statute, law or 
regulation, such action shall not have been resolved in favor of the 
Company, as applicable, or all orders or proceedings thereunder affecting 
the operations or the business of the Company, as applicable, stayed, or if 
the stay of any such order or proceeding shall thereafter be set aside, or 
if, within sixty (60) days after the appointment without the consent or 
acquiescence of the Company, as applicable, of any trustee, receiver or 
liquidator of the Company, as applicable, or of all or any substantial part 
of the properties of the Company, such appointment shall not have been 
vacated.
 
If any Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, the Holder of this 
Note may at any time, at its or his option, by notice or notices to the 
Company, declare this Note to be immediately due and payable. Upon this 
Note becoming due and payable under this Section 3 (a “Default”), such Note 
will forthwith mature and the entire unpaid principal amount of such Note, 
plus all accrued and unpaid interest thereon shall all be immediately due 
and payable, in each and every case without presentment, demand, protest or 
further notice, all of which are hereby waived. If any Default or Event of 
Default has occurred and is continuing, the Holder of this Note may proceed 
to protect and enforce the rights of such Holder by an action at law, suit 
in equity or other appropriate proceeding, whether for the specific 
performance of the rights of the Holder under this Note, or for an 
injunction against a violation of any of the terms hereof, or in aid of the 
exercise of any power granted hereby or thereby or by law or otherwise.
 
2
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
4. Conversion.
 
4.1 At any time, or from time to time prior to the Maturity Date (each a “
Conversion Date”), the Holder of this Note shall have the right at the 
Holder’s option, to convert all or any portion of this Note (including 
accrued interest hereon), in accordance with the provisions of this 
Section 4, into fully paid and non-assessable Ordinary Shares of the 
Company.
 
4.2 The number of Conversion Shares of the Company into which all or any 
portion of this Note shall be convertible shall be determined by 
multiplying:
 
(a) the aggregate principal amount (inclusive of all accrued interest) of 
this Note being converted, by
 
(b) the Company Debenture Exchange Ratio.
 
4.3 Upon any such conversion pursuant to this Section 4.1:
 
(a) the Company shall issue and deliver to the Holder stock certificates 
for the applicable number of Conversion Shares into which this Note was 
converted and this Note shall be deemed cancelled to the extent converted, 
and (b) if the entire amount of this Notes shall not have been converted, 
the Holder of this Note shall receive from the Company, together with the 
applicable number of Conversion Shares, a new Note in the appropriate 
principal amount..
 
4.4 If the Holder elects to convert this Note into Ordinary Shares, he or 
it shall, within ten (10) days prior to the Maturity Date, surrender this 
Note at the principal office of the Company and shall give written notice 
by certified or registered mail, postage prepaid, to the Company at its 
principal corporate office, of the election to convert the same pursuant to 
Section 4.1, and shall state therein the name or names in which the 
certificate or certificates for Ordinary Shares are to be issued (the “
Conversion Notice”). The Company shall, as soon as practicable thereafter 
(but in no event more than five (5) Business Days), issue and deliver at 
such office to the Holder of this Note a certificate or certificates for 
the number of Ordinary Shares to which the Holder of this Note shall be 
entitled as aforesaid. Such conversion shall be deemed to have been made on 
the date of the Conversion Notice, and the person or persons entitled to 
receive the Ordinary Shares issuable upon such conversion shall be treated 
for all purposes as the record Holder or Holders of such Ordinary Shares as 
of such date.
 
3
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
4.5 Upon receipt by the Company from the Holder of a facsimile transmission 
(or other reasonable means of communication) of a Conversion Notice, the 
Company shall undertake to issue and deliver or cause to be issued and 
delivered to or upon the order of the Holder of the Notes to be converted, 
certificates for the Ordinary Shares issuable upon such conversion within 
ten (10) Business Days after the Holder shall give the Conversion Notice.
 
4.6 In lieu of delivering physical certificates representing the Ordinary 
Shares issuable upon conversion, provided the Company’s transfer agent is 
participating in the Depository Trust Company (“DTC”) Fast Automated 
Securities Transfer program, upon request of the Holder and his or its 
compliance with the provisions contained in this Section 4.6, the Company 
shall use its best efforts to cause its transfer agent to electronically 
transmit the Ordinary Shares issuable upon conversion to the Holder by 
crediting the account of Holder’s Prime Broker with DTC through its Deposit 
Withdrawal Agent Commission system.
 
4.7 (a) The Conversion Shares issuable upon conversion of the Holder’s Note 
may not be sold or transferred unless (i) such shares are sold pursuant to 
an effective registration statement under the Securities Act, or (ii) the 
Company or its transfer agent shall have been furnished with an opinion of 
counsel (which opinion shall be in form, substance and scope customary for 
opinions of counsel in comparable transactions) to the effect that the 
shares to be sold or transferred may be sold or transferred pursuant to an 
exemption from such registration or (iii) such shares are sold or 
transferred pursuant to Rule 144 under the Securities Act (or a successor 
rule) (“Rule 144”) or (iv) such shares are sold or transferred outside the 
United States in accordance with Rule 904 of Regulation S under the 
Securities Act, or (v) such shares are transferred to an “affiliate” (as 
defined in Rule 144) of the Company who agrees to sell or otherwise 
transfer the shares only in accordance with this Section 4.7.
 
(b) Except as otherwise provided in the Merger Agreement (and subject to 
the removal provisions set forth below), until such time as the Ordinary 
Shares issuable upon conversion of the Holder’s Note have been registered 
under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, as contemplated by the 
Company’s Form S-4 or Form F-4 Registration Statement, otherwise may be 
sold pursuant to Rule 144 without any restriction as to the number of 
securities as of a particular date that can then be immediately sold, each 
certificate for Conversion Shares that has not been so included in an 
effective registration statement or that has not been sold pursuant to an 
effective registration statement or an exemption that permits removal of 
the legend, shall bear a legend substantially in the following form, as 
appropriate:
 
    THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED HEREBY HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE
    UNITED STATES SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE “U.S. SECURITIES
    ACT”). THE HOLDER HEREOF, BY PURCHASING SUCH SECURITIES, AGREES THAT
    SUCH SECURITIES MAY BE OFFERED, SOLD, PLEDGED OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED
    ONLY (A) TO THE CORPORATION, (B) OUTSIDE THE UNITED STATES IN
    ACCORDANCE WITH RULE 904 OF REGULATION S UNDER THE U.S. SECURITIES ACT,
    (C) WITHIN THE UNITED STATES AFTER REGISTRATION OR IN ACCORDANCE WITH
    THE EXEMPTION FROM THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS UNDER THE U.S.
    SECURITIES ACT PROVIDED BY RULE 144 THEREUNDER, IF APPLICABLE, AND IN
    ACCORDANCE WITH APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS, OR (D) WITHIN THE
    UNITED STATES IN A TRANSACTION THAT DOES NOT REQUIRE REGISTRATION UNDER
    THE U.S. SECURITIES ACT OR ANY APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS AND THE
    HOLDER HAS PRIOR TO SUCH SALE FURNISHED TO THE CORPORATION AN OPINION
    OF COUNSEL REASONABLY SATISFACTORY TO THE CORPORATION.
     
4
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
(c) The legend set forth above shall be removed and the Company shall issue 
to the Holder a new certificate therefore free of any transfer legend if 
(i) the Company or its transfer agent shall have received an opinion of 
counsel, in form, substance and scope customary for opinions of counsel in 
comparable transactions, to the effect that a public sale or transfer of 
such Ordinary Shares may be made without registration under the Act and the 
shares are so sold or transferred, (ii) such Holder provides the Company or 
its transfer agent with reasonable assurances that the Ordinary Shares 
issuable upon conversion of the Holder’s Note (to the extent such 
securities are deemed to have been acquired on the same date) can be sold 
pursuant to Rule 144 or (iii) in the case of the Ordinary Shares issuable 
upon conversion of the Holder’s Note, such security is registered for sale 
by the Holder under an effective registration statement filed under the Act 
or otherwise may be sold pursuant to Rule 144 without any restriction as to 
the number of securities as of a particular date that can then be 
immediately sold. The Company shall use its best efforts to cause its 
counsel to issue a legal opinion to the Company’s transfer agent promptly 
after the effective date of any registration statement under the Act 
registering the resale of the Ordinary Shares issuable upon conversion of 
the Notes if required by the Company’s transfer agent to effect the removal 
of the legend hereunder. Nothing in the Note shall (x) limit the Company’s 
obligation under the Merger Agreement or (y) affect in any way the Holder’s 
obligations to comply with applicable prospectus delivery requirements upon 
the resale of the securities referred to herein.
 
4.8 No fractional Ordinary Shares shall be issued upon conversion of this 
Note. In lieu of the Company issuing any fractional shares to the Holder 
upon the conversion of this Note, the Company shall pay to the Holder an 
amount in cash applicable to such fractional shares. In addition, in the 
event and to the extent that less then the entire principal amount of this 
Note is converted and the original Note is surrendered and delivered to the 
Company, the Company shall either deliver to the Holder a new Note in 
principal amount equal to the unconverted portion thereof, or on the 
Maturity Date pay to the Holder a cash payment equal to the unconverted 
principal amount of this Note. Upon full conversion of this Note, the 
Company shall be forever released from all of its obligations and 
liabilities under this Note.
 
5. Conversion Price Adjustments.
 
5.1 Adjustments for Stock Splits and Subdivisions. In the event the Company 
should at any time or from time to time after the date of issuance hereof 
fix a record date for the effectuation of a split or subdivision of the 
outstanding Ordinary Shares, or entitling the Holder thereof to receive 
directly or indirectly, a dividend or distribution of additional Ordinary 
Shares or other securities that are convertible into or exercisable for 
additional Ordinary Shares (hereinafter referred to as “Ordinary Shares 
Equivalents”) without payment of any consideration by such Holder for the 
additional Ordinary Shares or the Ordinary Shares Equivalents, then, as of 
such record date (or the date of such dividend distribution, split or 
subdivision if no record date is fixed), the Company Debenture Exchange 
Ratio shall be appropriately adjusted so that the number of Ordinary Shares 
issuable upon conversion of this Note shall be increased in proportion to 
such increase of the Company’s outstanding shares.
 
5.2 Adjustments for Reverse Stock Splits. If the number of Ordinary Shares 
outstanding at any time after the date hereof is decreased by a reverse 
stock split or other combination of the outstanding Ordinary Shares, then, 
following the record date of such reverse split or combination, the Company 
Debenture Exchange Ratio shall be appropriately adjusted and that the 
number of Conversion Ordinary Shares issuable on conversion of this Note 
shall be decreased in proportion to such decrease in the Company’s 
outstanding Ordinary Shares as a result thereof.
 
5.3 Notice of Adjustments. Upon the occurrence of each adjustment or 
readjustment of the Conversion Price as a result of the events described in 
Section 5, the Company, at its expense, shall promptly compute such 
adjustment or readjustment and prepare and furnish to each Holder of Notes 
a certificate setting forth such adjustment or readjustment and showing in 
detail the facts upon which such adjustment or readjustment is based. The 
Company shall, upon the written request at any time of any Holder of Notes, 
furnish to such holder a like certificate setting forth (i) such adjustment 
or readjustment, (ii) the Conversion Price at the time in effect and (iii) 
the number of Ordinary Shares and the amount, if any, of other securities 
or property which at the time would be received upon conversion of such 
Holder’s Note.
 
5
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
6. Reservation of Ordinary Shares Issuable Upon Conversion. The Company 
shall ensure that the Company shall at all times reserve and keep available 
out of its authorized but unissued Ordinary Shares solely for the purpose 
of effecting the conversion of the Note such number of its Ordinary Shares 
as shall from time to time be sufficient to effect the conversion of the 
Note; and if at any time the number of authorized but unissued Ordinary 
Shares shall not be sufficient to effect the conversion of the entire 
outstanding principal amount of this Note, in addition to such other 
remedies as shall be available to the Holder of this Note, the Company will 
use its best efforts to take such corporate action as may, in the opinion 
of its counsel, be necessary to increase the Company’s authorized but 
unissued Ordinary Shares to such number of shares as shall be sufficient 
for such purposes.
 
7. Treatment of Note. To the extent permitted by generally accepted 
accounting principles, the Company will treat, account and report the Note 
as debt and not equity for accounting purposes and with respect to any 
returns filed with federal, state or local tax authorities.
 
8. No Shareholder Rights. Nothing contained in this Note shall be construed 
as conferring upon the Holder or any other person the right to vote or to 
consent or to receive notice as a shareholder in respect of any 
extraordinary or general meetings of the shareholders of the Company for 
the election of directors of the Company or any other matters or any rights 
whatsoever as a shareholder of the Company; and no interest shall be 
payable or accrued in respect of the Conversion Shares obtainable hereunder 
until, and only to the extent that, this Note shall have been converted. 
This limitation does not apply to or in any way restrict a Holder’s rights 
as a shareholder of the Company in connection with any Ordinary Shares of 
the Company otherwise held by the Holder.
 
9. Assignment. The rights and obligations of the Company and the Holder of 
this Note shall be binding upon and benefit the successors, assigns, heirs, 
administrators and transferees of the parties.
 
10. Waiver and Amendment. Any provision of this Note may be amended, waived 
or modified upon the written consent of the Company and the Holders of at 
least a majority of the aggregate principal amount of all then outstanding 
ASSAC Debentures issued pursuant to the Merger Agreement.
 
11. Notices. Any notice, request or other communication required or 
permitted hereunder shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been 
duly given on the date of service if personally served on the party to whom 
such notice is to be given, on the date of transmittal of service via 
telecopy to the party to whom notice is to be given (with a confirming copy 
delivered within 24 hours thereafter), or on the third day after mailing if 
mailed to the party to whom notice is to be given, by first class mail, 
registered or certified mail, postage prepaid, or via a recognized 
overnight courier providing a receipt for delivery and properly addressed 
at the respective addresses of the parties as set forth herein. Any party 
hereto may by notice so given change its address for future notice 
hereunder.
 
12. Governing Law. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in 
accordance with the laws of the State of New York, excluding that body of 
law relating to conflict of laws.
 
6
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
13. Heading; References. All headings used herein are used for convenience 
only and shall not be used to construe or interpret this Note. Except where 
otherwise indicated, all references herein to Sections refer to Sections 
hereof.
 
14. Counterparts; Signatures by Facsimile. This Note, once executed by the 
Company, may be delivered to the Holder by facsimile transmission of a copy 
of this Note bearing the signature of the Company and such signature shall 
create a valid and binding obligation of the Company with the same force 
and effect as if such facsimile signature were the original thereof.. 
Following such delivery, the Company shall forward a ribbon original of 
this Note to the Holder by regular or certified mail.
 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this Note to be executed this 
______ day of ____________ 2008.
  	  	 
  	
CHINA TEL HOLDING CORPORATION
(formerly, Asia Special Situation Acquisition Corp.)
 
  	 
  	 
 
By:   	
  	
------------------------------------------------------------------------
Name: George Alvarez,
  	Title: Chief Executive Officer
 
7
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
EXHIBIT A
 
NOTICE OF CONVERSION
 
(To Be Signed Only Upon Conversion of Note)
 
The undersigned, the Holder of the foregoing Note, hereby elects to convert 
an aggregate of $____________ principal amount of such Note, together with 
all interest accrued thereon through the date of this Notice, into 
Conversion Share of CHINA TEL HOLDING CORPORATION, or its 
successor-in-interest. Upon delivery to the undersigned of certificates 
registered in the name of ________________________ and delivered to, 
_____________, whose address is ______________________ for the applicable 
amount of Conversion Shares (based on the applicable Conversion Price in 
effect as provided in the Note), the undersigned shall surrender this Note 
to CHINA TEL HOLDING CORPORATION and (to the extent of a partial 
conversion), shall receive from CHINA TEL HOLDING CORPORATION, or its 
successor-in-interest a new Note in principal amount equal to the 
unconverted principal amount of the original Note.
  	  	 
 
  	 
  	 
 
Dated: _________________ 	  	 
  	(Signature must conform in all respects to name of Holder as specified 
on the face of the Note)
  	  
  	Print Signature
  	  
  	
 (Address)
  	   
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------