 EX-10.1 3 aethlon_8k-ex1001.txt FORM OF 10% COVERTIBLE NOTE EXHIBIT 10.1 
THIS NOTE AND THE SHARES OF COMMON STOCK ISSUABLE UPON CONVERSION OF THE 
NOTE HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, 
OR ANY APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. NEITHER THE NOTE NOR SUCH SHARES 
OF COMMON STOCK MAY BE OFFERED FOR SALE, SOLD, TRANSFERRED, PLEDGED OR 
HYPOTHECATED WITHOUT AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE 
SECURITIES ACT AND UNDER ANY APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS, OR AN 
OPINION OF COUNSEL, SATISFACTORY TO THE COMPANY, THAT AN EXEMPTION FROM 
SUCH REGISTRATION IS AVAILABLE. AETHLON MEDICAL, INC. 10% CONVERTIBLE NOTE 
$___,000 FOR VALUE RECEIVED, Aethlon Medical, Inc., a Nevada corporation 
(the "Company"), promises to pay to ______________________, whose address 
is _______________________________, or registered assigns (the "Holder"), 
the sum of ___________________ Dollars ($___,000) in lawful money of the 
United States of America on or before the Maturity Date as defined herein, 
with all Interest thereon as defined and specified herein. 1. INTEREST. 
This Note shall bear interest ("Interest") equal to ten percent (10%) per 
annum on the unpaid principal balance, computed on a three hundred sixty 
(360)-day year, during the term of the Note. The Company shall pay all 
Interest on or before the Maturity Date. In no event shall the rate of 
Interest payable on this Note exceed the maximum rate of Interest permitted 
to be charged under applicable law. 2. PAYMENTS. All payments under this 
Note shall first be credited against the payment of accrued and unpaid 
Interest, if any, and the remainder shall be credited against principal. 
All payments due hereunder shall be payable in legal tender of the United 
States of America, and in same day funds delivered to Holder by cashier's 
check, certified check, bank wire transfer or any other means of guaranteed 
funds to the mailing address provided below, or at such other place as the 
Holder shall designate in writing for such purpose from time to time. If a 
payment under this Note otherwise would become due and payable on a 
Saturday, Sunday or legal holiday (any other day being a "Business Day"), 
the due date of the payment shall be extended to the next succeeding 
Business Day, and Interest, if any, shall be payable thereon during such 
extension. 3. PRE-PAYMENTS AND MATURITY DATE. This Note shall be due and 
payable in full, including all accrued Interest thereon, on _______, 2010 
(the "Maturity Date") reflecting the eighteen month term of this Note. At 
any time on or prior to the Maturity Date, the Company shall have the right 
to prepay this Note, in whole or in part, on ten (10) days' advance notice 
to the Holder and subject to the right of the Holder to convert in advance 
of such prepayment date and provided that on such prepayment date, the 
Company will pay in respect of the redeemed Note cash equal to the face 
amount plus accrued Interest on the Note (or portion thereof) redeemed. At 
any time after the Maturity Date, the Company shall have the right to repay 
this Note, in whole or in part, on ten (10) days' advance notice to the 
Holder and subject to the right of the Holder to convert in advance of such 
repayment date. The Company may prepay this Note at any time after issuance 
without penalty. 4. CONVERSION OF NOTE. 4.1 CONVERSION OF NOTE/CONVERSION 
PRICE. This Note is convertible, at the option of the Holder, into shares 
of the Company's Common Stock (the "Common Stock") at any time after the 
Issue Date prior to the close of business on the Business Day prior to the 
Maturity Date at the rate of $0.50 per share (the "Conversion Price"), 
subject to adjustment as hereinafter provided. No fractional shares will be 
issued. In lieu thereof, the Company will pay cash for fractional share 
amounts equal to the fair market value of the Common Stock as quoted as the 
closing bid price of the Common Stock on the date of conversion. 4.2 
ADJUSTMENT BASED UPON STOCK DIVIDENDS, COMBINATION OF SHARES OR 
RECAPITALIZATION. The Conversion Price shall be adjusted in the event that 
the Company shall at any time (i) pay a stock dividend on the Common Stock; 
(ii) subdivide its outstanding Common Stock into a greater number of 
shares; (iii) combine its outstanding Common Stock into a smaller number of 
shares; (iv) issue by reclassification of its Common Stock any other 
special capital stock of the Company; or (v) distribute to all holders of 
Common Stock evidences of indebtedness or assets (excluding cash dividends) 
or rights or warrants to subscribe for Common Stock (other than those 
mentioned above). Upon the occurrence of an event requiring adjustment of 
the Conversion Price, and thereafter, the Holder, upon surrender of this 
Note for conversion, shall be entitled to receive the number of shares of 
Common Stock or other capital stock of the Company that the Holder would 
have owned or have been entitled to receive after the happening of any of 
the events described above had this Note been converted immediately prior 
to the happening of such event. 4.3 ADJUSTMENT BASED UPON MERGER OR 
CONSOLIDATION. In case of any consolidation or merger to which the Company 
is a party (other than a merger in which the Company is the surviving 
entity and which does not result in any reclassification of or change in 
the outstanding Common Stock of the Company), or in case of any sale or 
conveyance to another person, firm, or corporation of the property of the 
Company as an entirety or substantially as an entirety, the Holder shall 
have the right to convert this Note into the kind and amount of securities 
and property (including cash) receivable upon such consolidation, merger, 
sale or conveyance by the Holder of the number of shares of Common Stock 
into which such Note might have been converted immediately prior thereto. 
4.4 EXERCISE OF CONVERSION PRIVILEGE. 4.4.1 The Conversion Privilege 
provided for in this Note shall be exercisable by the Holder by written 
notice to the Company or its successor and the surrender of this Note in 
exchange for the number of shares (or other securities and property, 
including cash, in the event of an adjustment of the Conversion Price) into 
which this Note is convertible based upon the Conversion Price. -2- 4.4.2 
The Holder's conversion right may be exercised at any time and from time to 
time but prior to payment in full of the principal amount of the accrued 
interest on this Note. Conversion rights will expire at the close of 
business on the Business Day prior to the Maturity Date or redemption date 
of this Note. 4.4.3 The Holder may exercise the right to convert all or any 
portion of the principal amount and accrued Interest on this Note by 
delivery of (i) this Note and (ii) a completed Conversion Notice in the 
form attached as EXHIBIT A on a Business Day to the Company's principal 
executive offices. Such conversion shall be deemed to have been made 
immediately prior to the close of business on the Business Day of such 
delivery a conversion notice (the "Conversion Date"), and the Holder shall 
be treated for all purposes as the record holder of the shares of Common 
Stock into which this Note is converted as of such date. 4.4.4 Upon 
conversion of the entire principal amount and accrued Interest of this Note 
and the delivery of shares of Common Stock upon conversion of this Note, 
except as otherwise provided in Paragraph 20, "Representations and 
Warranties to Survive Closing," the Company shall be forever released from 
all of its obligations and liabilities under this Note. 4.5 CORPORATE 
STATUS OF COMMON STOCK TO BE ISSUED. All Common Stock (or other securities 
in the event of an adjustment of the Conversion Price) which may be issued 
upon the conversion of this Note shall, upon issuance, be fully paid and 
nonassessable. 4.6 ISSUANCE OF CERTIFICATE. Upon the conversion of this 
Note, the Company shall, within five (5) Business Days of such conversion, 
issue to the Holder a certificate or certificates representing the number 
of shares of the Common Stock (or other securities in the event of an 
adjustment of the Conversion Price) to which the conversion relates. 5. 
STATUS OF HOLDER OF NOTE. This Note shall not entitle the Holder to any 
voting rights or other rights as a shareholder of the Company or to any 
rights whatsoever except the rights herein expressed, and no dividends 
shall be payable or accrue in respect of this Note or the securities 
issuable upon the conversion hereof unless and until this Note shall be 
converted. Upon the conversion of this Note, the Holder shall, to the 
extent permitted by law, be deemed to be the holder of record of the shares 
of Common Stock issuable upon such conversion, notwithstanding that the 
stock transfer books of the Company shall then be closed or that the 
certificates representing such shares of Common Stock and Warrants shall 
not then be actually delivered. 6. RESERVATION OF SHARES OF COMMON STOCK. 
The Company shall reserve out of its authorized shares of Common Stock, and 
other securities in the event of an adjustment of the Conversion Price, a 
number of shares sufficient to enable it to comply with its obligation to 
issue shares of Common Stock, and other securities in the event of an 
adjustment of the Conversion Price, upon the conversion of this Note. 7. 
TRANSFER RESTRICTIONS; EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION. 7.1 The Holder agrees 
that (i) this Note and the shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion 
have not been registered under the Act and may not be sold or transferred 
without registration under the Act or unless an -3- exemption from such 
registration is available; (ii) the Holder has acquired this Note and will 
acquire the Common Stock for its own account for investment purposes only 
and not with a view toward resale or distribution; and (iii) if a 
registration statement that includes the Common Stock is not effective at 
the time Common Stock is issued to Holder upon conversion under this Note, 
and the Common Stock is not exempt from registration under Rule 144, then 
the Common Stock shall be inscribed with the following legend: THE 
SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER 
THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES 
LAWS. THE SECURITIES HAVE BEEN ACQUIRED FOR INVESTMENT AND MAY NOT BE 
OFFERED FOR SALE, SOLD, TRANSFERRED OR ASSIGNED IN THE ABSENCE OF AN 
EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT FOR THE SECURITIES UNDER THE SECURITIES 
ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS, OR AN OPINION 
OF HOLDER'S COUNSEL, IN A CUSTOMARY FORM, THAT REGISTRATION IS NOT REQUIRED 
UNDER SAID ACT OR APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS OR UNLESS SOLD PURSUANT 
TO RULE 144 UNDER SAID ACT. 7.2 If an opinion of counsel of Holder provides 
that registration is not required for the proposed conversion or transfer 
of this Note or the proposed transfer of the shares of Common Stock 
issuable upon conversion and that the proposed conversion or transfer in 
the absence of registration would require the Company to take any action 
including executing and filing forms or other documents with the Securities 
and Exchange Commission (the "SEC") or any state securities agency, or 
delivering to the Holder any form or document in order to establish the 
right of the Holder to effectuate the proposed conversion or transfer, the 
Company agrees promptly, at its expense, to take any such action; and 
provided, further, that the Company will reimburse the Holder in full for 
any expenses (including but not limited to the fees and disbursements of 
such counsel, but excluding brokers' commissions) incurred by the Holder or 
owner of shares of Common Stock on his, her or its behalf in connection 
with such conversion or transfer of the Note or transfer of the shares of 
Common Stock. 8. INFORMATION ON COMPANY. Holder has been furnished with or 
has had access at the EDGAR Website of the SEC to the Company's Form 10-KSB 
filed on July 15, 2008 for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2008, and the 
financial statements included therein, together with all subsequent filings 
made with the SEC available at the EDGAR website (hereinafter referred to 
collectively as the "REPORTS"). In addition, Holder may have received in 
writing from the Company such other information concerning its operations, 
financial condition and other matters as Holder has requested in writing, 
identified thereon as OTHER WRITTEN INFORMATION (such other information is 
collectively, the "OTHER WRITTEN INFORMATION"), and considered all factors 
Holder deems material in deciding on the advisability of investing in this 
Note (and underlying shares of Common Stock). 8. INFORMATION ON SUBSCRIBER. 
Holder is, and will be at the time of the exercise of the Warrants, an 
"ACCREDITED INVESTOR", as such term is defined in Regulation D promulgated 
by the SEC under the 1933 Act, is experienced in investments and business 
matters, has made investments of a speculative nature and has purchased 
securities of United States publicly-owned companies in private placements 
in the past and, with its representatives, has such knowledge and 
experience in financial, tax and other business matters as to enable Holder 
to utilize the information made available by the Company to evaluate the 
merits and risks of and to make an informed investment decision with 
respect to the proposed purchase, which represents a speculative 
investment. Holder has the authority and is duly and legally qualified to 
purchase and own the Note and underlying shares of Common Stock. Holder is 
able to bear the risk of such investment for an indefinite period and to 
afford a complete loss thereof. The information set forth on the signature 
page hereto regarding Holder is accurate. -4- 9. RULE 144. If the Company 
(a) has or registers a class of securities under Section 12 of the 
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act") or (b) has 
or commences to file reports under Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act, 
then, at the request of any Holder who proposes to sell securities in 
compliance with Rule 144 of the SEC, the Company will (i) forthwith furnish 
to such holder a written statement of compliance with the filing 
requirements of the SEC as set forth in Rule 144, as such rules may be 
amended from time to time and (ii) make available to the public and such 
Holder such information and take such other action as is requested by the 
Holder to enable the Holder to make sales pursuant to Rule 144. 10. 
DEFAULT. The Company shall perform its obligations and covenants hereunder 
and in each and every other agreement between the Company and Holder 
pertaining to the Indebtedness evidenced hereby. The following provisions 
shall apply upon failure of the Company so to perform. 10.1 EVENT OF 
DEFAULT. Any of the following events shall constitute an "Event of Default" 
hereunder: 10.1.1 Failure by the Company to pay principal when due and 
payable hereunder on the Maturity Date; 10.1.2 Failure of the Company to 
pay Interest when due hereunder, which failure continues for a period of 
thirty (30) days after the due date of the amount involved; or 10.1.3 The 
entry of an order for relief under Federal Bankruptcy Code as to the 
Company or entry of any order appointing a receiver or trustee for the 
Company or approving a petition in reorganization or other similar relief 
under bankruptcy or similar laws in the United States of America or any 
other competent jurisdiction, and if such order, if involuntary, is not 
satisfied or withdrawn within sixty (60) days after entry thereof; or the 
filing of a petition by the Company seeking any of the foregoing, or 
consenting thereto; or the filing of a petition to take advantage of any 
debtor's act; or making a general assignment for the benefit of creditors; 
or admitting in writing inability to pay debts as they mature. 10.2 
ACCELERATION. Upon any Event of Default (in addition to any other rights or 
remedies provided for under this Note), at the option of the Holder, all 
sums evidenced hereby, including all principal, Interest, fees and all 
other amounts due hereunder, shall become immediately due and payable. -5- 
10.3 NOTICE BY COMPANY. Upon the happening of any Event of Default 
specified in this paragraph that is not cured within the respective periods 
prescribed above, the Company will give prompt written notice thereof to 
the Holder of this Note. 10.4 NO WAIVER. Failure of the Holder to exercise 
any option hereunder shall not constitute a waiver of the right to exercise 
the same in the event of any subsequent Event of Default, or in the event 
of continuance of any existing Event of Default after demand or performance 
thereof. 10.5 DEFAULT INTEREST. Default Interest will accrue on an unpaid 
principal or Interest due hereunder at the rate of fifteen percent (15%) 
per annum upon the occurrence of any Event of Default until the Event of 
Default is cured. 10.6 PURSUIT OF ANY REMEDY. Holder may not pursue any 
remedy under the Note unless (i) the Company shall have received written 
notice of a continuing Event of Default from the Holder and (ii) the 
Company shall have received a request from Holder to pursue such remedy. 
11. ASSIGNMENT, TRANSFER OR LOSS OF THE NOTE. 11.1 No Holder of this Note 
may assign, transfer, hypothecate or sell all or any part of this Note or 
in any way alienate or encumber the Note without the express written 
consent of the Company, the granting or denial of which shall be within the 
absolute discretion of the Company. Any attempt to effect such transfer 
without the consent of the Company shall be null and void. The Company has 
not registered this Note under the Act or the applicable securities laws of 
any state in reliance on exemptions from registration. Such exemptions 
depend upon the investment intent of the Holder at the time he acquires his 
Note. The Holder is acquiring this Note for his own account for investment 
purposes only and not with a view toward distribution or resale of such 
Note within the meaning of the Act and the applicable securities laws of 
any state. The Company shall be under no duty to register the Note or to 
comply with an exemption in connection with the sale, transfer or other 
disposition under the applicable laws and regulations of the Act or the 
applicable securities laws of any state. The Company may require the Holder 
to provide, at his expense, an opinion of counsel satisfactory to the 
Company to the effect that any proposed transfer or other assignment of the 
Note will not result in a violation of the applicable federal or state 
securities laws or any other applicable federal or state laws or 
regulations. 11.2 All expenses, including reasonable legal fees incurred by 
the Company in connection with any permitted transfer, assignment or pledge 
of this Note will be paid by the Holder requesting such transfer, 
assignment or pledge. 11.3 Upon receipt of evidence reasonably satisfactory 
to the Company of the loss, theft, destruction or mutilation of any Note 
and, in the case of any such loss, theft or destruction of any Note, upon 
delivery of an indemnity bond in such reasonable amount as the Company may 
determine (or, in the case of any Note held by the original Noteholder, of 
an indemnity agreement reasonably satisfactory to the Company), or, in the 
case of any such mutilation, upon the surrender of such Note to the Company 
at is principal office for cancellation, the Company at its expense will 
execute and deliver, in lieu thereof, a new Note of like tenor, dated the 
date to which interest hereunder shall have been paid on such lost, stolen, 
destroyed or mutilated Note. -6- 12. NOTICES. All notices provided for 
herein shall be validly given if in writing and delivered personally or 
sent by certified mail, postage prepaid, to the office of the Company or 
such other address as the Company may from time to time designate in 
writing sent by certified mail, postage prepaid, to the Holder at his 
address set forth below or such other address as the Holder may from time 
to time designate in writing to the Company by certified mail, postage 
prepaid. 13. USURY. All Interest, Default Interest, fees, charges, goods, 
things in action or any other sums or things of value, or other contractual 
obligations (collectively, the "Additional Sums") paid by the Company 
hereunder, whether pursuant to this Note or otherwise, with respect to the 
Indebtedness evidenced hereby, or any other document or instrument in any 
way pertaining to the Indebtedness, which, under the laws of the State of 
California may be deemed to be Interest with respect to such loan or 
Indebtedness, shall, for the purpose of any laws of the State of 
California, which may limit the maximum amount of Interest to be charged 
with respect to such loan or Indebtedness, be payable by the Company as, 
and shall be deemed to be, Interest and for such purposes only, the agreed 
upon and contracted rate of Interest shall be deemed to be increased by the 
Additional Sums. Notwithstanding any provision of this Note to the 
contrary, the total liability for payments in the nature of Interest under 
this Note shall not exceed the limits imposed by applicable law. The 
Company shall not assert a claim, and shall actively resist any attempts to 
compel it to assert a claim, respecting a benefit under any present or 
future usury laws against any Holder of this Note. 14. BINDING EFFECT. This 
Note shall be binding upon the parties hereto and their respective heirs, 
executors, administrators, representatives, successors and permitted 
assigns. 15. COLLECTION FEES. Except as otherwise provided herein, the 
Company shall pay all costs of collection, including reasonable attorneys' 
fees and all costs of suit and preparation for such suit (and whether at 
trial or appellate level), in the event the unpaid principal amount of this 
Note, or any payment of Interest is not paid when due, or in the event 
Holder is made party to any litigation because of the existence of the 
Indebtedness evidenced by this Note, or if at any time Holder should incur 
any attorneys' fees in any proceeding under the Federal Bankruptcy Code (or 
other similar laws for the protection of debtors generally) in order to 
collect any Indebtedness hereunder or to preserve, protect or realize upon 
any security for, or guarantee or surety of, such Indebtedness whether suit 
be brought or not, and whether through courts of original jurisdiction, as 
well as in courts of appellate jurisdiction, or through a bankruptcy court 
or other legal proceedings. 16. CONSTRUCTION. This Note shall be governed 
as to its validity, interpretation, construction, effect and in all other 
respects by and in accordance with the laws and interpretations thereof of 
the State of California. Unless the context otherwise requires, the use of 
terms in singular and masculine form shall include in all instances 
singular and plural number and masculine, feminine and neuter gender. -7- 
17. SEVERABILITY. In the event any one or more of the provisions contained 
in this Note or any future amendment hereto shall for any reason be held to 
be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any respect, such invalidity, 
illegality or unenforceability shall not affect any other provision of this 
Note or such other agreement, and in lieu of each such invalid, illegal or 
unenforceable provision there shall be added automatically as a part of 
this Note a provision as similar in terms to such invalid, illegal or 
unenforceable provision as may be possible and be valid, legal and 
enforceable. 18. ENTIRE AGREEMENT. This Note Agreement represents the 
entire agreement and understanding between the parties concerning the 
subject matter hereof and supersede all prior and contemporaneous 
agreements, understandings, representations and warranties with respect 
thereto. 19. GOVERNING LAW; JURISDICTION; JURY TRIAL. The corporate laws of 
the State of Nevada shall govern all issues concerning the relative rights 
of the Company and its shareholders. All other questions concerning the 
construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of this Note shall 
be governed by the internal laws of the State of California, without giving 
effect to any choice of law or conflict of law provision or rule (whether 
of the State of California or any other jurisdictions) that would cause the 
application of the laws of any jurisdictions other than the State of 
California. Each party hereby irrevocably submits to the exclusive 
jurisdiction of the state and federal courts sitting in the City of San 
Diego for the adjudication of any dispute hereunder or in connection 
herewith or therewith, or with any transaction contemplated hereby or 
discussed herein, or in any manner arising in connection with or related to 
the transactions contemplated hereby or involving the parties hereto 
whether at law or equity and under any contract, tort or any other claim 
whatsoever and hereby irrevocably waives, and agrees not to assert in any 
suit, action or proceeding, any claim that it is not personally subject to 
the jurisdiction of any such court, that such suit, action or proceeding is 
brought in an inconvenient forum or that the venue of such suit, action or 
proceeding is improper. Each party hereby irrevocably waives personal 
service of process and consents to process being served in any such suit, 
action or proceeding by mailing or faxing a copy thereof to such party at 
the address for such notices as listed in this Note and agrees that such 
service shall constitute good and sufficient service of process and notice 
thereof. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any 
right to serve process in any manner permitted by law. EACH PARTY HEREBY 
IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE, AND AGREES NOT TO REQUEST, A JURY 
TRIAL FOR THE ADJUDICATION OF ANY DISPUTE HEREUNDER OR IN CONNECTION 
HEREWITH OR ARISING OUT OF THIS NOTE OR ANY TRANSACTION CONTEMPLATED 
HEREBY. 20. HEADINGS. The headings used in this Note are used for 
convenience only and are not to be considered in construing or interpreting 
this Note. 21. Definitions. "AFFILIATE" of any specified Person means any 
other Person directly or indirectly controlling or controlled by or under 
direct or indirect common control with such specified Person. For the 
purposes of this definition, "control" when used with respect to any 
specified Person means the power to direct the management and policies of 
such Person directly or indirectly, whether through the ownership of Voting 
Stock, by contract or otherwise; and the terms "controlling" and 
"controlled" have meanings correlative to the foregoing. -8- "BOARD OF 
DIRECTORS" means, with respect to any Person, the Board of Directors of 
such Person or any committee of the Board of Directors of such Person duly 
authorized to act on behalf of the Board of Directors of such Person. 
"CAPITAL STOCK" means, with respect to any Person, any and all shares, 
interests, equity participations or other equivalents (however designated) 
of corporate stock or partnership interests and any and all warrants, 
options and rights with respect thereto (whether or not currently 
exercisable), including each class of common stock and preferred stock of 
such Person. "GAAP" means generally accepted accounting principles as in 
effect in the United States of America as of the Issue Date. "HOLDER" means 
a Person in whose name a Note is registered on the Company's books. 
"INDEBTEDNESS" means, without duplication, with respect to any Person, (a) 
all obligations of such Person (i) in respect of borrowed money (whether or 
not the recourse of the lender is to the whole of the assets of such person 
or only to a portion thereof); (ii) evidenced by bonds, notes, debentures 
or similar instruments; (iii) representing the balance deferred and unpaid 
of the purchase price of any property or services (other than accounts 
payable or other obligations arising in the ordinary course of business); 
(iv) evidenced by bankers' acceptances or similar instruments issued or 
accepted by banks, (v) for the payment of money relating to a capitalized 
lease obligation under GAAP; or (vi) evidenced by a letter of credit or a 
reimbursement obligation of such Person with respect to any letter of 
credit; (b) all net obligations of such Person under interest rate swap 
obligations and foreign currency hedges; (c) all liabilities of others of 
the kind described in the preceding clauses (a) or (b) that such Person has 
guaranteed or that are otherwise its legal liability; (d) Indebtedness (as 
otherwise defined in this definition) of another Person secured by lien on 
any asset of such Person, whether or not such Indebtedness is assumed by 
such Person, the amount of such obligations being deemed to be the lesser 
of (1) the full amount of such obligations so secured, and (2) the fair 
market value of such asset, as determined in good faith by the Board of 
Directors of such Person, which determination shall be evidenced by a board 
resolution; and (e) any and all deferrals, renewals, extensions, 
refinancings and refundings (whether direct or indirect) of, or amendments, 
modifications or supplements to, any liability of the kind described in any 
of the preceding clauses (a), (b), (c), (d) or this clause (e), whether or 
not between or among the same parties. "ISSUE DATE" means the date on which 
the Note is originally issued. "MATURITY DATE" means _________, 2010. 
"PERSON" means any individual, corporation, partnership, joint venture, 
trust, estate, unincorporated organization or government or any agency or 
political subdivision thereof. A "SUBSIDIARY" of any Person means (i) a 
corporation a majority of whose Voting Stock is at the time, directly or 
indirectly, owned by such Person, by one or more subsidiaries of such 
Person or by such Person and one or more subsidiaries of such Person, (ii) 
a partnership in which such Person or a -9- subsidiary of such Person is, 
at the date of determination, a general or limited partner of such 
partnership, but only if such Person or its subsidiary is entitled to 
receive more than fifty percent (50%) of the assets of such partnership 
upon its dissolution, or (iii) any other Person (other than a corporation 
or partnership) in which such Person, directly or indirectly, at the date 
of determination thereof, has (x) at least a majority ownership interest or 
(y) the power to elect or direct the election of a majority of directors or 
other governing body of such Person. "SUBSIDIARY" means any subsidiary of 
the Company. "VOTING STOCK" means, with respect to any Person, securities 
of any class or classes of Capital Stock in such Person entitling the 
holders thereof, whether at all times or only so long as no senior class of 
stock has voting power by reason of any contingency to vote in the election 
of members of the Board of Directors or other governing body of such 
Person. 22. MISCELLANEOUS. Except as otherwise provided herein, the Company 
waives demand, diligence, presentment for payment and protest, notice of 
extension, dishonor, maturity and protest. Time is of the essence with 
respect to the performance of each and every covenant, condition, term and 
provision hereof. IN WITNESS WHEREOF, this Note has been issued on the 
_______ day of _________________ 2008. AETHLON MEDICAL, INC. By /s/ James 
Joyce -------------------------------- James Joyce Chief Executive Officer 
[HOLDER:] BY: -------------------------------- NAME: 
------------------------------ TITLE: ----------------------------- -10- 
EXHIBIT A EXECUTED WARRANT See Attached A-1 EXHIBIT B CONVERSION NOTICE (To 
be signed only upon conversion of this Note) TO: AETHLON MEDICAL, INC. The 
undersigned, the registered holder of the 10 % Convertible Note (the 
"Note") of AETHLON MEDICAL, INC. (the "Company"), hereby surrenders the 
Note for conversion into shares of Common Stock of the Company (the "Common 
Stock") to the extent of $_______ unpaid principal amount of the Note and 
$_______ unpaid accrued Interest due under the Note, all in accordance with 
the provisions of such Note. The undersigned requests (i) that a 
certificate representing shares of Common Stock, bearing the appropriate 
legends, be issued to the undersigned, and (ii) if the unpaid principal 
amount so converted is less than the entire unpaid principal amount of the 
Note, that a new substitute note representing the portion of said unpaid 
principal amount that is not so converted be issued in accordance with the 
provisions of the Note. ------------------------------------------------ 
(Signature and name of the registered holder) 
------------------------------------------------ Print Name Dated: 
------------------------------- B-1