 EX-10.2 3 v122546_ex10-2.htm
AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER
 
THIS AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER (the "Agreement"), dated August 6, 2008, 
is made and entered into as of the 31st day of July 2008, by and among 
ASIA SPECIAL SITUATION ACQUISITION CORP., a Cayman Island corporation ("
ASSAC"); CHINA TEL GROUP, INC., a Nevada corporation ("CHTL"); GEORGE 
ALVAREZ (“Alvarez”); and CHTL ACQUISITION CORP., a Nevada corporation (“
Mergerco”). Alvarez and the other Persons listed on Schedule A annexed 
hereto and made a part hereof who are holders of CHTL Class B Common Stock 
are hereinafter collectively referred to as the “CHTL Principal 
Shareholders” and ASSAC, CHTL, the CHTL Principal Shareholders, and 
Mergerco are hereinafter sometimes collectively referred to as the “
Parties.” 
 
Recitals
 
A.  Effective as at the date of this Agreement, ASSAC, CHTL, Trussnet 
Group, Inc., a Nevada corporation (“Trussnet”) and the CHTL Principal 
Shareholders entered into an amended and restated stock purchase agreement 
(the “Purchase Agreement”), pursuant to which, inter alia, on the “Closing 
Date” of the transactions contemplated by the Purchase Agreement, ASSAC 
agreed to purchase for $270,000,000 the “Purchased Securities” of CHTL (as 
those terms are defined in the Purchase Agreement).
 
B. The Parties hereto all deem it necessary and advisable to enter into 
this Agreement, pursuant to which, inter alia, Mergerco will be merged with 
and into CHTL with CHTL as the surviving corporation of such merger (the “
Merger”); as a result of which ASSAC shall own 100% of the shares of 
capital stock of CHTL.
 
C. The Board of Directors of ASSAC and Mergerco each deems the Merger 
advisable and in the best interest of said corporations and its 
shareholders and have each approved and adopted the form, terms and 
provisions of the Purchase Agreement, this Agreement and the Merger.
 
D. The Board of Directors of CHTL and the CHTL Principal Shareholders each 
deems the Merger advisable and in the best interest of said corporation and 
its shareholders and the Board of Directors of CHTL and the CHTL Principal 
Shareholders have each approved and adopted the form, terms and provisions 
of the Purchase Agreement, this Agreement and the Merger.
 
E.  Alvarez is a director, chief executive officer of CHTL and a CHTL 
Principal Shareholder, and Alvarez and the other CHTL Principal 
Shareholders are entering into this Agreement as an inducement to ASSAC.
 
Agreement
 
NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and of the mutual 
covenants contained herein, the Parties agree as follows:
 
ARTICLE I. - THE MERGER
 
1.1 The Merger. Upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in 
this Agreement, and in accordance with the General Corporation Law of the 
State of Nevada (the "Nevada Corporation Law"), Mergerco shall be merged 
with and into CHTL at the Effective Time. Following the Effective Time, the 
separate corporate existence of Mergerco shall cease and CHTL shall 
continue as the surviving corporation of the Merger (the "Surviving 
Corporation") and shall succeed to and assume all the rights and 
obligations of Mergerco in accordance with the Nevada Corporation Law.
 
1
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
1.2 Effective Time. Subject to the provisions of this Agreement, as soon as 
practicable on or after the Effective Time, the Parties shall file a 
certificate of merger or other appropriate documents (in any such case, the 
"Certificate of Merger") executed in accordance with the relevant 
provisions of the Nevada Corporation Law and shall make all other filings 
or recordings required under the Nevada Corporation Law . The Merger shall 
become effective at such time and on such date as the Certificate of Merger 
is duly filed with the Nevada Secretary of State, or at such other time as 
ASSAC and CHTL shall agree should be specified in the Certificate of Merger 
(the time the Merger becomes effective being referred to herein as the "
Effective Time").
 
1.3 Effects of the Merger. The Merger shall have the effects set forth in 
the applicable provisions of the Nevada Corporation Law.
 
1.4 Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws.
 
(a) The CHTL certificate of incorporation as in effect immediately 
following the Effective Time shall be the certificate of incorporation of 
the Surviving Corporation until thereafter changed or amended as provided 
therein or by applicable law.
 
(b) The bylaws of CHTL as in effect immediately following the Effective 
Time shall be the bylaws of the Surviving Corporation until thereafter 
changed or amended as provided therein or by applicable law.
 
1.5 Directors. The board of directors of CHTL immediately prior to the 
Effective Time shall constitute the entire members of be the board of 
directors of the Surviving Corporation until the earlier of their 
resignation or removal or until their respective successors are duly 
elected and qualified, as the case may be.
 
1.6 Officers. The officers of CHTL immediately prior to the Effective Time 
shall constitute all of the officers of the Surviving Corporation until the 
earlier of their resignation or removal or until their respective 
successors are duly elected and qualified, as the case may be.
 
1.7 Effect on Securities. As of the Effective Time, by virtue of the Merger 
and without any action on the part of the holder of any shares of the 
outstanding capital stock, notes or other evidences of indebtedness of 
CHTL, Mergerco or ASSAC:
 
(a) ASSAC Ordinary Shares and ASSAC Warrants. Each of the 14,000,000 
ordinary shares of ASSAC, $0.0001 par value per share (the “ASSAC Ordinary 
Shares”) that are issued and outstanding as at the Effective Time of the 
Merger shall remain issued and outstanding following the Effective Time of 
the Merger, except as otherwise provided in Section 1.7(i) below. Each of 
the 17,225,000 issued and outstanding warrants to purchase ASSAC Ordinary 
Shares (the “ASSAC Warrants”) that are issued and outstanding as at the 
Effective Time of the Merger shall remain issued and outstanding following 
the Effective Time of the Merger, except as otherwise provided in Section 
1.7(i) below.
 
2
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
(b) CHTL Treasury Stock. Each share of CHTL Class A common stock, par value 
$0.001 per share ("CHTL Class A Common Stock"), each share of CHTL Class B 
common stock, par value $0.001 per share ("CHTL Class B Common Stock") and 
each share of CHTL preferred stock, $___ par value per share (the “CHTL 
Preferred Stock”) that is held in the treasury of CHTL or by any wholly 
owned subsidiary of CHTL, and each share of CHTL Class A Common Stock, each 
share of CHTL Class B Common Stock and each share of CHTL Preferred Stock 
that is owned by ASSAC shall automatically be cancelled and returned and 
shall cease to exist and no consideration shall be delivered in exchange 
therefor.
 
(c) Mergerco Common Stock. Each share of common stock, $0.01 par value per 
share, of Mergerco issued and outstanding immediately prior to the 
Effective Time shall be converted into and exchanged for one issued, fully 
paid and nonassessable share of common stock, par value $0.01 per share of 
the Surviving Corporation.
 
(d) Outstanding CHTL Class A Common Stock. As at the Effective Time, by 
virtue of the Merger and without any action on the part of the holder of 
any shares of CHTL Class A Common Stock or any shares of capital stock of 
ASSAC or the Surviving Corporation, each full share of CHTL Class A Common 
Stock that is issued and outstanding as at the Effective Time of the Merger 
(other than shares of CHTL Class A Common Stock to be canceled in 
accordance with Section 1.7(b) hereof), shall be converted into and 
exchanged for the right to receive twenty two and one-half percent (0.225) 
of one ASSAC Ordinary Share (the “Class A Common Stock Exchange Ratio”).
 
(e) Outstanding CHTL Class B Common Stock. As at the Effective Time, by 
virtue of the Merger and without any action on the part of the holder of 
any shares of CHTL Class B Common Stock or any shares of capital stock of 
ASSAC or the Surviving Corporation, each full share of CHTL Class B Common 
Stock that is issued and outstanding as at the Effective Time of the Merger 
(other than shares of CHTL Class B Common Stock to be canceled in 
accordance with Section 1.7(b) hereof), shall be converted into the right 
to receive that fraction of a share of ASSAC Series A Voting Preferred 
Stock (the “Class B Common Stock Exchange Ratio”) as shall be determined by 
dividing (i) 1,000,000, representing the aggregate number of shares of 
ASSAC Series A Voting Preferred Stock being issued in connection with the 
Merger, by (ii) the aggregate number of shares of CHTL Class B Common Stock 
issued and outstanding as at the Effective Time of the Merger.
 
As of the Effective Time, all shares of CHTL Class A Common Stock and CHTL 
Class B Common Stock (collectively, the “CHTL Common Stock”) shall no 
longer be issued or outstanding and shall automatically be canceled and 
retired and shall cease to exist, and each holder of a certificate 
representing any such shares of CHTL Common Stock shall cease to have any 
rights with respect thereto, except the right to receive the ASSAC Ordinary 
Shares and the ASSAC Series A Voting Preferred Stock, without interest, 
based on the Class A Common Stock Exchange Ratio and the Class B Common 
Stock Exchange Ratio, respectively, as provided in Section 1.7(d) and 
Section 1.7(e).
 
(f) Outstanding CHTL Preferred Stock. As at the Effective Time, by virtue 
of the Merger and without any action on the part of the holder of any 
shares of CHTL Preferred Stock or any shares of capital stock of ASSAC or 
the Surviving Corporation, each full share of CHTL Preferred Stock that is 
issued and outstanding as at the Effective Time of the Merger (other than 
shares of CHTL Preferred Stock to be canceled in accordance with Section 
1.7(b) hereof), shall be converted into and exchanged for the right to 
receive that number of ASSAC Ordinary Shares or fraction of an ASSAC 
Ordinary Share as shall be determined by (i) converting such share of CHTL 
Preferred Stock, at the conversion price then in effect, into the 
applicable number of shares of CHTL Class A Common Stock (the “CHTL 
Preferred Stock Conversion Shares”), and (ii) multiplying such number of 
CHTL Preferred Stock Conversion Shares by twenty-two and one-half percent 
(0.225) (the “Preferred Stock Exchange Ratio”). For the avoidance of doubt, 
if each full share of CHTL Preferred Stock (purchased at $10.00 per share) 
is convertible by the holder into 4.4444 shares of CHTL Class A Common 
Stock, then such share of CHTL Preferred Stock would be converted into and 
exchanged for one (1) full ASSAC Ordinary Share.
 
3
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
As of the Effective Time, all shares of CHTL Preferred Stock shall no 
longer be issued or outstanding and shall automatically be canceled and 
retired and shall cease to exist, and each holder of a certificate 
representing any such shares of CHTL Preferred Stock shall cease to have 
any rights with respect thereto, except the right to receive the ASSAC 
Ordinary Shares, without interest, based on the Class A Common Stock 
Exchange Ratio.
 
(g) Outstanding CHTL Debentures. By virtue of the Merger and without any 
action on the part of any holder of the aggregate up to $45,000,000 maximum 
principal amount of 10% convertible debentures of CHTL due December 31, 
2008 and convertible by the holder(s) at $0.95 per share into CHTL Class A 
Common Stock (the “CHTL Debentures”), each of such CHTL Debentures issued 
and outstanding as of the Effective Time shall be converted into an 
identical principal amount of 10% convertible debentures of ASSAC 
(individually, an “ASSAC Debenture” and collectively, as the “ASSAC 
Debentures”). Such ASSAC Debentures:
 
(i) shall be due and payable on March 31, 2009;
 
(ii) shall be convertible by the holder at any time on or after January 1, 
2009 and on or prior to the March 31, 2009 maturity date of the ASSAC 
Debentures, into 0.236842 ASSAC Ordinary Share (the “ASSAC Debenture 
Exchange Ratio”) determined by dividing $1.00 by the $0.95 conversion price 
of the CHTL Debentures and multiplying the result thereof by $2.25). For 
the avoidance of doubt, each $1.00 principal amount of ASSAC Debentures 
shall be convertible into 0.2368421 ASSAC Ordinary Shares, and
 
(iii) shall be in the form of the note annexed hereto as Exhibit A and made 
a part hereof.
 
(h) CHTL Warrants and CHTL Options. As at the Effective Time any issued and 
outstanding options to purchase shares of CHTL Common Stock (“CHTL Options
”) or warrants to purchase shares of CHTL Common Stock (“CHTL Warrants”) 
shall be cancelled and of no further force or effect.
 
(i) ASSAC Ordinary Shares Owned by CHTL. As at the Effective Time, each 
issued and outstanding share of ASSAC Ordinary Shares, if any, that is 
owned of record by CHTL immediately prior to the Effective Time of the 
Merger shall automatically be cancelled and returned and shall cease to 
exist and no consideration shall be delivered in exchange therefor. 
 
(j) Terms of ASSAC Series A Voting Preferred Stock. As at the Effective 
Time of the Merger, the board of directors of ASSAC shall issue, from the 
1,000,000 authorized shares of ASSAC preferred stock, an aggregate of 
1,000,000 shares of Series A Voting Preferred Stock of ASSAC, which shall 
contain the rights and privileges that are substantially identical to the 
terms of the CHTL Class B Common Stock or otherwise acceptable to Alvarez, 
including, without limitation, the following:
 
(i) Amount. The authorized and issued shares of Series A Voting Preferred 
Stock shall not be increased unless the holders of Eighty-Five Percent 
(85%) of the issued and outstanding shares of Series A Voting Preferred 
Stock vote in favor of increasing the number of authorized Series A Voting 
Preferred Stock.
 
4
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
(ii) Voting. Each holder of a share of Series A Voting Preferred Stock 
shall have the right to cast one hundred (100) votes for each share of 
Series A Voting Preferred Stock held by such shareholder at any duly called 
meeting of shareholders or pursuant to a written consent of shareholders
 
(iii) No Economic Interest or Right to Dividends. The Series A Voting 
Preferred Stock shall have no economic interest in the assets or properties 
of ASSAC or any of its direct or indirect Subsidiaries, nor shall the 
holders of any shares of Series A Voting Preferred Stock be entitled to 
receive any consideration, or share in the receipt of any consideration, 
available to other holders of securities of ASSAC in connection with (A) 
the sale or transfer of any securities or assets of ASSAC or any of its 
direct or indirect Subsidiaries (whether through stock sale, asset sale, 
merger, tender offer, consolidation or like combination), or (B) the 
transfer of any shares of Series A Voting Preferred Stock to any other 
Person. The holders of Series A Voting Preferred Stock shall not be 
entitled to the payment of any dividends payable by ASSAC or any of its 
direct or indirect Subsidiaries, in cash or in kind.
 
(iv) No Rights on Liquidation. In the event of any liquidation, dissolution 
or winding up of ASSAC or any of its direct or indirect Subsidiaries, 
whether voluntary or involuntary, the holders of shares of Series A Voting 
Preferred Stock shall not be entitled to receive any cash, cash-in-kind or 
assets whatsoever of ASSAC or any of its Subsidiaries.
 
(v) Conversion. The Series A Voting Preferred Stock shall have no rights to 
convert into any other authorized shares or other securities of ASSAC or 
any of its direct or indirect Subsidiaries.
 
(vi) Transferability. The consent of Eighty-One Percent (81%) of the issued 
and outstanding shares of Series A Voting Preferred Stock shall be required 
for any holder of Series A Voting Preferred Stock to sell, assign, or 
transfer any shares of Series A Voting Preferred Stock to any third party, 
or to grant proxies or voting rights with respect to any shares of Series A 
Voting Preferred Stock, except for any proxies granted to Alvarez relating 
to the Series A Voting Preferred Stock.
 
(vii) Redemption Rights. ASSAC shall automatically redeem the Series A 
Voting Preferred Stock on July 1, 2023 (the “Redemption Date”). On the 
Redemption Date each share of Series A Voting Preferred Stock shall be 
redeemed by CHTL at the par value ($0.0001) of the shares of Series A 
Voting Preferred Stock.
 
(viii) Proxy. All holders of CHTL Class B Common Stock who shall receive 
the ASSAC Series A Voting Preferred Stock shall grant to Alvarez a proxy to 
vote all of their shares of ASSAC Series A Voting Preferred Stock.
 
(k) ASSAC Note. As at the Effective Time of the Merger, the then 
outstanding amount of the $165,000,000 original principal amount of the 
ASSAC non-interest bearing Note due March 31, 2009 and issued to CHTL under 
the terms of the Purchase Agreement shall be cancelled and extinguished.
 
5
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
1.8 Exchange of CHTL Instruments.
 
(a) ASSAC shall designate Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, or 
another a person reasonably acceptable to CHTL to act as exchange agent in 
the Merger (the "Exchange Agent"), and, from time to time on, prior to or 
after the Effective Time, ASSAC shall make available, or cause the 
Surviving Corporation to make available, to the Exchange Agent ASSAC 
Ordinary Shares and ASSAC Series A Voting Preferred Stock and ASSAC 
Debentures (collectively, the “ASSAC Securities”) in amounts and at the 
times necessary for the delivery of the Merger Consideration, to be 
delivered upon surrender of certificates representing the shares of CHTL 
Common Stock and CHTL Preferred Stock, the CHTL Debentures and other CHTL 
Securities to be converted into ASSAC Securities pursuant to Section 1.7.
 
(b) As soon as reasonably practicable after the Effective Time, the 
Exchange Agent shall mail to each holder of record on the Record Date of 
CHTL Common Stock, CHTL Preferred Stock and CHTL Debentures (collectively, 
“CHTL Securities”) (i) a letter of transmittal (which shall specify that 
delivery shall be effected, and risk of loss and title to the certificates 
evidencing shares of CHTL Common Stock, CHTL Preferred Stock, CHTL 
Debentures and other CHTL Securities (collectively, “CHTL Instruments”) 
shall pass, only upon delivery of the CHTL Instruments to the Exchange 
Agent and shall be in a form and have such other provisions as ASSAC may 
reasonably specify) and (ii) instructions for use in effecting the 
surrender of the CHTL Instruments in exchange for the Merger Consideration 
and other ASSAC Securities. Upon surrender of a CHTL Instrument for 
cancellation to the Exchange Agent or to such other agent or agents as may 
be appointed by ASSAC, together with such letter of transmittal, duly 
executed, and such other documents as may reasonably be required by the 
Exchange Agent, the holder of such CHTL Instrument shall be entitled to 
receive in exchange therefor the amount of Merger Consideration and other 
ASSAC Securities theretofore represented by such CHTL Instruments which 
shall have been converted or exchange pursuant to Section 1.7, and the CHTL 
Instruments so surrendered shall forthwith be canceled. In the event any 
CHTL Instruments shall have been lost, stolen or destroyed, ASSAC may, in 
its discretion and as a condition precedent to the delivery of the Merger 
Consideration, ASSAC Debentures or other ASSAC Securities in respect of the 
CHTL Instruments, require the owner of such lost, stolen or destroyed CHTL 
Instrument to deliver a affidavit or bond in such amount or form as it may 
reasonably direct as indemnity against any claim that may be made against 
ASSAC, the Surviving Corporation or the Exchange Agent.
 
(c) All Merger Consideration delivered upon the surrender of shares of CHTL 
Common Stock, CHTL Preferred Stock, CHTL Debentures and other CHTL 
Securities in accordance with the terms of this Section 1.8 shall be deemed 
to have been paid in full satisfaction of all rights pertaining to the 
shares of CHTL Common Stock, CHTL Preferred Stock and CHTL Debentures 
represented by such CHTL Instruments. At the Effective Time, the stock 
transfer books and note register of CHTL shall be closed, and there shall 
be no further registration of transfers on the stock transfer books of the 
Surviving Corporation of shares of CHTL Common Stock or CHTL Debentures 
that were outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time. If, after 
the Effective Time, CHTL Instruments are presented to the Surviving 
Corporation or the Exchange Agent for any reason, they shall be canceled 
and exchanged as provided in this Section 1.8.
 
1.9 Registration Statement .
 
Prior to the Effective Time of the Merger, ASSAC and CHTL shall cause to be 
filed with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC
”), a registration for Form S-4 and Form F-4 of CHTL and ASSAC, 
respectively (each, a “Registration Statement”. The Form S-4 Registration 
Statement of CHTL shall include the Information Statement, and the) Form 
F-4 Registration Statement of ASSAC shall include the Information Statement 
as the ASSAC prospectus, pursuant to which ASSAC shall register under the 
Securities Act the Merger Consideration.
 
6
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
1.10 Holders of Record of CHTL Securities.
 
(a) Only holders of record of shares of CHTL Common Stock and CHTL 
Preferred Stock as at the Effective Time of the Merger shall be entitled to 
receive ASSAC Ordinary Shares and ASSAC Series A Voting Preferred Stock, as 
Merger Consideration as of the Effective Time of the Merger. Persons who 
are holders of CHTL Debentures as at the Effective Time of the Merger shall 
only be entitled to receive ASSAC Debentures in connection with the Merger.
 
(b) Persons who timely deliver to CHTL prior to the Effective Time of the 
Merger duly executed notices of conversion of their CHTL Debentures in 
accordance with the terms of such CHTL Debentures hall be deemed to be 
holders of record of shares of CHTL Common Stock as at the Effective Time 
of the Merger, even if a stock certificate(s) evidencing such shares of 
CHTL Common Stock shall not have been delivered to such Person as at the 
Effective Time of the Merger.
 
1.11 Closing.  The closing of the Merger (the “Closing”) will take place at 
the offices of Hodgson Russ LLP, counsel to ASSAC, at its office in New 
York, New York, within ten days following the delivery of satisfaction or 
waiver of the conditions precedent set forth in Section 4 or at such other 
date as ASSAC and the CHTL Principal Shareholders shall agree (the “
Effective Time”), but in no event shall the Effective Time occur later than 
March 31, 2009, unless such date shall be extended by mutual agreement of 
ASSAC and the CHTL Principal Shareholders to not later than June 30, 2009 
(the “Outside Effective Time”). On the Effective Time the Parties shall 
consummate the Merger and cause the Articles of Merger to be filed at such 
Closing with the Secretary of State of the State of Nevada.

1.12 Dissenters Rights. Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the 
contrary, any issued and outstanding shares of CHTL Common Stock held by a 
Person who objects to the Merger (a "Dissenting Shareholder") and complies 
with all the provisions of Section 92A.380 of the Nevada Corporation Law 
concerning the right of holders of CHTL Common Stock to dissent from the 
Merger and require appraisal of their shares of CHTL Common Stock, as the 
case may be (the "Dissenting Shares") shall not be converted as described 
in Section 1.7 but shall become the right to receive such consideration as 
may be determined to be due to such Dissenting Shareholder pursuant to 
Section 92A.380 of the Nevada Corporation Law. If, after the Effective 
Time, such Dissenting Shareholder withdraws his demand for appraisal or 
fails to perfect or otherwise loses his right of appraisal, in any case 
pursuant to the Nevada Corporation Law, his Dissenting Shares shall be 
deemed to be converted as of the Effective Time into the right to receive 
his pro-rata shares of the Merger Consideration. CHTL shall give ASSAC (i) 
prompt notice of any demands for appraisal of Dissenting Shares received by 
either CHTL, and (ii) the opportunity to participate in all negotiations 
and proceedings with respect to any such demands. Neither CHTL nor ASSAC 
will voluntarily make any payment with respect to any demands for appraisal 
and will not, except with the prior written consent of the CHTL Principal 
Shareholders, settle or offer to settle any such demands.

1.13 Change of Corporate Name. ASSAC shall use its best efforts (but shall 
not be legally obligated) to obtain the requisite shareholders approval to 
change its corporate name to “CHINATEL CORPORATION” or such other corporate 
name as shall be acceptable to the Parties, with such name change to be 
effective, pursuant to the ASSAC Restated Charter, on or promptly following 
the Effective Time of the Merger.
 
7
------------------------------------------------------------------------

ARTICLE II - CERTAIN DEFINITIONS

Except as defined elsewhere in this Agreement, all capitalized terms not 
expressly defined in this Agreement shall have the same meaning as is 
defined in the Purchase Agreement. In addition to other terms defined in 
this Agreement and the Purchase Agreement, the following terms shall have 
the meanings set forth below:

“Applicable Law” means any domestic or foreign law, statute, regulation, 
rule, policy, guideline or ordinance applicable to the businesses of the 
Parties and/or the Merger.

“Affiliate” means any one or more Person controlling, controlled by or 
under common control with any other Person or their affiliate.

“ASSAC Conversion Shares” shall mean the number of ASSAC Ordinary Shares 
that may be issued following the Effective Time of the Merger to holders of 
ASSAC Debentures upon their conversion of up to $45,000,000 of such ASSAC 
Debentures.

“ASSAC Ordinary Shares” shall mean the ordinary shares of ASSAC, $0.0001 
par value per share.
 
“ASSAC Debentures” shall have the meaning set forth in Section 1.7(g) 
above, and shall refer to the maximum aggregate $45,000,000 principal 
amount of 10% debentures of ASSAC, and in the form of Exhibit A annexed 
hereto and made a part hereof.

“ASSAC Financings” shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4.9 of this 
Agreement.

“ASSAC Restated Charter” shall mean the amended and restated certificate of 
incorporation of ASSAC in effect as at the Effective Time of the Merger.

“Business Day” shall mean any day, excluding Saturday, Sunday and any other 
day on which national banks located in New York, New York shall be closed 
for business.

“Dollar” and “$” means lawful money of the United States of America.

“Chinacomm Agreements” and “Chinacomm Parties” shall have the respective 
meanings as are defined in the Purchase Agreement.

“CHTL Common Stock” means the collective reference to (a) the 500,000,000 
shares of Class A common stock, $0.001 par value per share, of CHTL, and 
(b) the 200,000,000 shares of Class B common stock, $0.001 par value per 
share, of CHTL, authorized pursuant to its certificate of incorporation, as 
amended, through the Effective Time.

“CHTL Principal Executive Officer” shall mean Alvarez, in his capacity as 
President and Chief Executive Officer of CHTL.
 
8
------------------------------------------------------------------------

“CHTL Stockholders” means the collective reference to the CHTL Principal 
Shareholders and all other holders of CHTL Class A Common Stock, Class B 
Common Stock and CHTL Preferred Stock.

“Effective Time” shall mean the date upon which the Merger shall be 
consummated.

“Exchange Act” means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

“GAAP” means generally accepted accounting principles in the United States 
of America as promulgated by the American Institute of Certified Public 
Accountants and the Financial Accounting Standards Board or any successor 
Institutes concerning the treatment of any accounting matter.

“Knowledge” means the knowledge after reasonable inquiry.

“Information Statement” shall mean the information statement referred to in 
Section 1.9 that will also constitute the ASSAC prospectus to be included 
in the Registration Statement declared effective by the SEC.

“Lien” means, with respect to any property or asset, any mortgage, lien, 
pledge, charge, security interest, encumbrance or other adverse claim of 
any kind in respect of such property or asset.

“Material Adverse Effect” with respect to any entity or group of entities 
means any event, change or effect that has or would have a materially 
adverse effect on the financial condition, business or results of 
operations of such entity or group of entities, taken as a consolidated 
whole.

“Merger Consideration” shall mean the collective reference to: (a) all 
shares of ASSAC Ordinary Shares issued to the holders of CHTL Class A 
Common Stock and CHTL Preferred Stock as at the Effective Time of the 
Merger pursuant to Section 1.7(d) and Section 1.7(f) of this Agreement, (b) 
all ASSAC Series A Voting Preferred Stock issued to holders of CHTL Series 
B Common Stock as at the Effective Time of the Merger pursuant to Section 
1.7(e) of this Agreement, and (c) all ASSAC Debentures issued to holders of 
CHTL Debentures as at the Effective Time of the Merger pursuant to Section 
1.7(g) of this Agreement.

“Person” means any individual, corporation, partnership, trust or 
unincorporated organization or a government or any agency or political 
subdivision thereof.
 
“Tax” (and, with correlative meaning, “Taxes” and “Taxable”) means:

(i) any income, alternative or add-on minimum tax, gross receipts tax, 
sales tax, use tax, ad valorem tax, transfer tax, franchise tax, profits 
tax, license tax, withholding tax, payroll tax, employment tax, excise tax, 
severance tax, stamp tax, occupation tax, property tax, environmental or 
windfall profit tax, custom, duty or other tax, impost, levy, governmental 
fee or other like assessment or charge of any kind whatsoever together with 
any interest or any penalty, addition to tax or additional amount imposed 
with respect thereto by any governmental or Tax authority responsible for 
the imposition of any such tax (domestic or foreign), and

(ii) any liability for the payment of any amounts of the type described in 
clause (i) above as a result of being a member of an affiliated, 
consolidated, combined or unitary group for any Taxable period, and
 
9
------------------------------------------------------------------------

(iii) any liability for the payment of any amounts of the type described in 
clauses (i) or (ii) above as a result of any express or implied obligation 
to indemnify any other person.

“Tax Return” means any return, declaration, form, claim for refund or 
information return or statement relating to Taxes, including any schedule 
or attachment thereto, and including any amendment thereof.

“Westmoore Warrants” means warrants to purchase 500,000 Ordinary Shares of 
ASSAC upon substantially identical terms and conditions as the warrants to 
be issued by ASSAC to Canaccord Capital Corp. and Roth Capital Partners LLC 
under the engagement agreement referred to in Section 4.13 of this 
Agreement.

ARTICLE III -. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF CHTL.

CHTL hereby severally represent and warrant to ASSAC as follows:

3.1. Organization and Good Standing. Each of CHTL, Trussnet and the 
“Chinacomm Parties” (as that term is defined in the Purchase Agreement) are 
entities duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the 
laws of their respective States or countries of organization, all as set 
forth on Schedule 3.1 to the Purchase Agreement.
 
3.2. Subsidiaries. The only direct subsidiary of CHTL is Trussnet. Trussnet 
is a corporation duly organized, validly existing and in good standing 
under the laws of the State of Nevada. Schedule 3.2 to the Purchase 
Agreement sets forth: (a) the names, (b) the authorized, issued and 
outstanding shares of capital stock or other equity of Trussnet and of each 
of the direct and indirect subsidiaries of Trussnet and all Chinacomm 
Parties, and (c) the record and beneficial owners of such capital stock or 
other equity.
 
3.3. Authorization and Approvals. Each of CHTL, Trussnet and the Chinacomm 
Parties have the requisite corporate power and authority and have obtained 
all requisite licenses, permits, franchises, approvals and consents 
necessary (i) to own and operate its properties and to carry on its 
business as now being conducted, and (ii) to enter into and carry out the 
terms and conditions of this Agreement, as well as all transactions 
contemplated hereunder. All corporate proceedings have been taken and all 
corporate authorizations have been secured which are necessary to authorize 
the execution, delivery and performance by CHTL of this Agreement. This 
Agreement has been duly and validly executed and delivered by CHTL and 
Trussnet and constitutes the valid and binding obligation of CHTL, 
enforceable in accordance with its terms.
 
3.4. Effect of Agreement. As of the Effective Time of the Merger, the 
consummation by any of CHTL, Trussnet and the Chinacomm Parties of the 
transactions contemplated hereby and by the Chinacomm Agreements, including 
the execution, delivery and consummation of this Agreement, will comply 
with all applicable law and will not:
 
(a) violate any Requirement of Law applicable to or binding upon ASSAC, the 
Company, Trussnet or any of the Chinacomm Parties;
 
(b) violate: (i) the terms of the Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws of 
CHTL, Trussnet and the Chinacomm Parties; or (ii) any material agreement, 
contract, mortgage, indenture, bond, bill, note, or other material 
instrument or writing binding upon CHTL, Trussnet and the Chinacomm Parties 
or to which any of CHTL, Trussnet and the Chinacomm Parties is subject;
 
10
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
(c) accelerate or constitute an event entitling the holder of any 
indebtedness of any of CHTL, Trussnet and the Chinacomm Parties to 
accelerate the maturity of such indebtedness or to increase the rate of 
interest presently in effect with respect to such indebtedness; or
 
(d) result in the breach of, constitute a default under, constitute an 
event which with notice or lapse of time, or both, would become a default 
under, or result in the creation of any lien, security interest, charge or 
encumbrance upon any of the assets or any other properties of any of CHTL, 
Trussnet and the Chinacomm Parties under any agreement, commitment, 
contract (written or oral) or other instrument to which any of CHTL, 
Trussnet and the Chinacomm Parties is a party or by which it is bound or 
affected.
 
3.5. Consents and WiMAX License.
 
(a) All consents, approvals or other authorizations or notices, required by 
any state or federal regulatory authority or other Person or entity, 
including all PRC Regulatory Authorities, in order to permit ASSAC, CHTL, 
Trussnet and the Chinacomm Parties to consummate the transactions 
contemplated by this Agreement and the Chinacomm Agreements and to enable 
CHTL, Trussnet and the Chinacomm Parties to operate their respective 
businesses, including the construction, installation and operation of the 
Wireless Installations under the WiMAX License have been obtained and are 
in full force and effect.
 
(b) The MII or other applicable PRC Regulatory Authority have renewed the 
WiMAX license granted to Chinacomm for a minimum of not less than three 
years, and such WiMAX License, as so renewed is in compliance with the 
requirements of the PRC Regulatory Authorities.
 
3.6. Legal Proceedings. There are no legal, administrative, arbitral or 
other actions, claims, suits or proceedings or investigations instituted or 
pending or, to the Knowledge of CHTL’s management, threatened against any 
of CHTL, Trussnet and the Chinacomm Parties, or against any property, 
asset, interest or right of any of CHTL, Trussnet and the Chinacomm 
Parties, that might reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse 
Effect or that might reasonably be expected to threaten or impede the 
consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.
 
3.7. Regulatory Compliance. Neither CHTL, Trussnet nor, to the best 
Knowledge of CHTL and Trussnet, any of the Chinacomm Parties have violated 
any Requirement of Law, the violation of which would be reasonably likely 
to have a Material Adverse Effect. All filings of CHTL with the SEC have 
been filed in a timely fashion and are accurate and complete in all 
material respects.
 
3.8. Capitalization; Transactions with Trussnet Delaware.
 
(a) CHTL is authorized to issue 500,000,000 shares of CHTL Class A Common 
Stock, 200,000,000 shares of CHTL Class B Common Stock and 25,000,000 
shares of CHTL Series A Preferred Stock. Immediately prior to the Closing 
of the transactions contemplated by the Purchase Agreement, CHTL shall have 
no more than 133,485,509 shares of CHTL Class A Common Stock issued and 
outstanding on a Fully Diluted Basis calculated as follows: (i) 86,117,088 
shares of CHTL Class A Common Stock issued and outstanding, plus (ii) up to 
47,368,421 shares of CHTL Class A Common Stock, issuable in the event that 
CHTL issues up to $45,000,000 in CHTL Debentures, convertible at $.95 per 
share. As of the date of this Agreement, CHTL has issued approximately 
$27,000,000 of such CHTL Debentures. CHTL and ASSAC hereby agree that up to 
and including the Closing Date, CHTL shall have the right to issue up to 
$45,000,000 in the aggregate principal amount of CHTL Debentures. CHTL has 
issued to Trussnet and Trussnet has distributed to George Alvarez and the 
other Persons listed on Schedule 3.8(a) to the Purchase Agreement an 
aggregate of 66,909,088 shares of CHTL Class B Common Stock. All of the 
issued and outstanding shares of CHTL Class A Common Stock, CHTL Class B 
Common Stock and the CHTL Debentures have been duly authorized and are 
validly issued, fully paid, and non-assessable. Other than the CHTL 
Debentures and the transactions contemplated hereby, there are no 
outstanding or authorized options, warrants, purchase rights, subscription 
rights, conversion rights, exchange rights, or other contracts or 
commitments that could require CHTL to issue, sell, or otherwise cause to 
become outstanding any of its capital stock.
 
11
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
(b) The capitalization of each of Trussnet and the Chinacomm Parties is set 
forth on Schedule 3.8(b) to the Purchase Agreement. All of the issued and 
outstanding shares of capital stock or other securities of Trussnet and, to 
the Knowledge of CHTL and Trussnet, the Chinacomm Parties have been duly 
authorized and are validly issued, fully paid, and non-assessable. Other 
than the transactions contemplated hereby and by the Chinacomm Agreements, 
there are no outstanding or authorized options, warrants, purchase rights, 
subscription rights, conversion rights, exchange rights, or other contracts 
or commitments that could require Trussnet or any of the Chinacomm Parties 
to issue, sell, or otherwise cause to become outstanding any of its capital 
stock or any other equity.
 
(c) Annexed as Schedule 3.8(c) to the Purchase Agreement is a description 
of (i) all of the assets and personnel of Trussnet Delaware that has 
heretofore been transferred, or as at the Closing Date will have been 
transferred, to Trussnet, (ii) all loans, services and other products 
heretofore provided by Trussnet Delaware to Trussnet and/or CHTL for or on 
behalf of CHTL or ChinaComm, and (iii) all accounts payable and other 
amounts owing as at the date hereof and as at the Closing Date by CHTL or 
Trussnet to Trussnet Delaware; all of which amounts and obligations have 
been incurred in the Ordinary Course of Business.
 
3.9. Employee Benefit Plans. Neither CHTL nor Trussnet have any labor union 
contract, bonus, pension, profit-sharing, retirement, deferred 
compensation, savings, stock purchase, stock option, hospitalization, 
insurance or other plan providing employees benefits, employment, agency, 
consulting or similar contract (“Employee Benefit Plans”) which cannot be 
terminated in thirty (30) days or less, without cost, other than the 
Employment Agreement of George Alvarez. CHTL and Trussnet reserve the right 
to establish Employee Benefit Plans in the future.
 
3.10. Permits and Licenses. CHTL and Trussnet and to the best Knowledge of 
CHTL and Trussnet, the Chinacomm Parties have all licenses and permits 
(federal, state and local) required by governmental authorities to own, 
operate and carry on their respective business as now being conducted, and 
such licenses and permits are in full force and effect. No violations are 
or have been recorded in respect to the licenses or permits, included but 
not limited to fire and health and safety law violations, and no proceeding 
is pending or threatened looking toward the revocation or limitation of any 
of them.
 
3.11. Chinacomm Transaction.
 
3.11.1. Controlled Entities. The Chinacomm Agreements require the formation 
of certain entities, including Trussnet Gulfstream and Gulfstream Capital 
and the formation of two wholly owned foreign investment enterprises or 
WOFIEs (as previously defined). Trussnet Gulfstream and Gulfstream Capital 
are or will be 100% owned subsidiaries of Trussnet, and Chinacomm Cayman, 
Chinacomm Shanghai and Yunji are or on the Closing Date shall be 
partially-owned subsidiaries of Trussnet. Such Chinacomm Parties are 
sometimes collectively referred to herein as the “Trussnet Subsidiaries”.
 
12
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
3.11.2. Performance. CHTL shall have caused $196,000,000 of the proceeds 
received under the Purchase Agreement to: (i) be used to discharge the 
obligation of Gulfstream Capital that it invest $196,000,000 in Chinacomm 
Cayman; and (ii) assure that upon completion of this investment by 
Gulfstream, that these funds be used as contemplated by the Chinacomm 
Agreements. The balance of the proceeds shall be used for the payment of 
commissions and general working capital, in such amounts as are set forth 
on Schedule 3.11.2 annexed to the Purchase Agreement.
 
3.12. Material Agreements. Except as otherwise disclosed herein, each of 
CHTL, Trussnet and, to the best Knowledge of CHTL, the Chinacomm Parties, 
is not a party to any material agreement, the failure to perform of which 
would have a Material Adverse Effect upon any of CHTL, Trussnet or such 
Chinacomm Parties.
 
3.13. Insurance Policies. All insurance policies maintained by each of 
CHTL, Trussnet and, to the best Knowledge of CHTL and Trussnet, the 
Chinacomm Parties on its assets, business, officers and personnel provide 
adequate and sufficient liability and property damage coverage commensurate 
with the business practices of any of CHTL, Trussnet and, to the best 
Knowledge of CHTL and Trussnet, the Chinacomm Parties. To the best 
Knowledge of CHTL, each of CHTL, Trussnet and, to the best Knowledge of 
CHTL and Trussnet, the Chinacomm Parties does not conduct any business 
which would result in the cancellation of, or a material increase in the 
premiums, for any of its insurance policies.
 
3.14. Environmental Matters. With regard to matters of environmental 
compliance: each of CHTL, Trussnet and, to the best Knowledge of CHTL and 
Trussnet, the Chinacomm Parties has conducted and is conducting its 
business, and has used and is using its properties, whether currently 
owned, operated or leased or owned, operated or leased by CHTL in 
compliance with all applicable PRC and United States federal, and state and 
local environmental laws and regulations, except where the failure to 
comply with such laws and regulations, in the aggregate, has not had and 
could not have a Material Adverse Effect on the condition (financial or 
otherwise), business or properties of CHTL, Trussnet or, to the best 
Knowledge of CHTL and Trussnet, any of the Chinacomm Parties.
 
3.15. Undisclosed Liabilities. Neither CHTL, Trussnet nor, to the best 
Knowledge of CHTL and Trussnet, the Chinacomm Parties have any liability 
(whether known or unknown, whether asserted or unasserted, whether absolute 
or contingent, whether accrued or unaccrued, whether liquidated or 
unliquidated, and whether due or to become due), including any liability 
for Taxes, except for: (i) liabilities set forth in the Financial 
Statements, and (ii) liabilities which have arisen after the date of the 
Financial Statements in the Ordinary Course of Business (none of which 
results from, arises out of, relates to, is in the nature of, or was caused 
by any breach of contract, breach of warranty, tort, infringement, or 
violation of law).
 
3.16. Material Defaults. Neither CHTL, Trussnet nor, to the best Knowledge 
of CHTL and Trussnet, the Chinacomm Parties is in default, or alleged to be 
in default, under any material agreement, contract, lease, mortgage, 
commitment, instrument or obligation, and to the best Knowledge of CHTL and 
Trussnet of no other party to any agreement, contract, lease, mortgage, 
commitment, instrument or obligation to which CHTL is a party is in default 
thereunder, which default would have a Materially Adversely Effect upon the 
properties, assets, business or prospects of CHTL, Trussnet or the 
Chinacomm Parties.
 
13
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
3.17. Tax Returns and Disputes. CHTL and Trussnet, and to the best 
Knowledge of CHTL and Trussnet, each of the Chinacomm Parties, has: (a) 
filed all Tax Returns (PRC and United States federal, state and local) 
required to be filed by it, (b) all such Tax Returns filed are complete and 
accurate in all material respects, and (c) the applicable taypayer has paid 
all Taxes shown to be due and payable on the returns or any assessments or 
penalties received by it and all other Taxes (PRC and United States 
federal, state and local) due and payable by it. CHTL and Trussnet, and to 
the best Knowledge of CHTL and Trussnet, each of the Chinacomm Parties, has 
collected and withheld all Taxes which it has been required to collect or 
withhold and has timely submitted all such collected and withheld amounts 
to the appropriate authorities. CHTL and Trussnet, and to the best 
Knowledge of CHTL and Trussnet, each of the Chinacomm Parties, is in 
compliance with the back-up withholding and information reporting 
requirements under the Code and any state, local or foreign laws, and the 
rules and regulations thereunder.
 
3.18. Financial Condition. On or before the Closing Date, CHTL and Trussnet 
shall deliver and cause to be delivered to ASSAC all of the Financial 
Statements. The Financial Statements of CHTL and Trussnet, and to the best 
Knowledge of CHTL and Trussnet, each of the Chinacomm Parties, present 
fairly the financial position, results of operations and cash flows of CHTL 
for the fiscal period then ended and were prepared in accordance with 
United States generally accepted accounting principles (“GAAP”), except 
with respect to the Financial Statements of Chinacomm, the same have been 
prepared in accordance with either GAAP or auditing standards accepted in 
the European Union.
 
3.19. No Adverse Change. Since March 31, 2008 there has been no Material 
Adverse Change in the business, financial condition, results of operations, 
assets, or liabilities of CHTL, Trussnet and, to the best Knowledge of CHTL 
and Trussnet, each of the Chinacomm Parties.
 
3.20. Disclosure. The representations and warranties: (a) of CHTL and 
Trussnet contained in the Purchase Agreement, in this Agreement and in any 
agreement, certificate, affidavit, statutory declaration or other document 
delivered or given by CHTL or Trussnet pursuant to the Purchase Agreement 
and this Agreement, and (b) to the best Knowledge of CHTL and Trustnet, of 
any of the Chinacomm Parties contained in any of the Chinacomm Agreements 
or in any other agreement, certificate, affidavit, statutory declaration or 
other document delivered or given by any of the Chinacomm Parties pursuant 
to the Purchase Agreement and this Agreement or any Chinacomm Agreements 
are true and correct and do not contain any untrue statement of a material 
fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements 
contained in such representations and warranties not misleading to ASSAC.
 
3.21. Advice of Changes. Between the date of this Agreement and the 
Effective Time of the Merger, CHTL and Trussnet shall promptly advise ASSAC 
in writing of any fact, the occurrence of which would render any 
representation or warranty contained in the Purchase Agreement and this 
Agreement to be materially untrue.
 
ARTICLE IV - REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF ASSAC

ASSAC hereby represents and warrants to CHTL, as follows:

4.1. Organization and Good Standing. ASSAC is a corporation duly organized, 
validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the Cayman Islands.
 
14
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
4.2. Authorization. ASSAC has full power and authority to execute and 
deliver this Agreement and to perform its obligations hereunder. This 
Agreement constitutes the valid and legally binding obligation of ASSAC, 
enforceable in accordance with its terms and conditions. ASSAC need not 
give any notice to, make any filing with, or obtain any authorization, 
consent, or approval of any government or governmental agency in order to 
consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, other than the 
Proxy Statement which ASSAC shall, prior to the Closing Date, distribute to 
its shareholders in order to obtain the consent of its shareholders to the 
transactions contemplated by this Agreement, filings required by Rule 425 
under the Securities Act in connection with a public announcement of this 
Agreement and the Registration Statement referred to in Section 1.9 hereof.
 
4.3. Operation of Business. ASSAC has the requisite corporate power and 
authority and all requisite licenses, permits and franchises necessary to 
own and operate its properties and to carry on its business as now being 
conducted.
 
4.4. Execution of Agreement. ASSAC has the requisite corporate power and 
authority and has obtained all approvals and consents necessary to enter 
into and carry out the terms and conditions of this Agreement, as well as 
all transactions contemplated hereunder. All corporate proceedings have 
been taken and all corporate authorizations have been secured which are 
necessary to authorize the execution, delivery, and performance by ASSAC of 
this Agreement. This Agreement has been duly and validly executed and 
delivered by ASSAC and constitutes the valid and binding obligations of 
ASSAC, enforceable in accordance with the respective terms.
 
4.5. Effect of Agreement. As of the Effective Time of the Merger, the 
consummation by ASSAC of the transactions herein contemplated, including 
the execution, delivery and consummation of this Agreement, will comply 
with all applicable law and will not:
 
(a) violate any Requirement of Law applicable to or binding upon ASSAC;
 
(b) violate: (i) the terms of the Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws of 
ASSAC; or, (ii) any material agreement, contract, mortgage, indenture, 
bond, bill, note, or other material instrument or writing binding upon 
ASSAC or to which ASSAC is subject; or
 
(c) result in the breach of, constitute a default under, constitute an 
event which with notice or lapse of time, or both, would become a default 
under, or result in the creation of any lien, security interest, charge or 
encumbrance upon any of the assets or any other properties of ASSAC under 
any agreement, commitment, contract (written or oral) or other instrument 
to which ASSAC is a party or by which it is bound or affected.
 
4.6. Consents. No consents, approvals or other authorizations or notices, 
other than those which have been obtained and are in full force and effect, 
are required by any state or federal regulatory authority or other Person 
or entity in connection with the execution and delivery of this Agreement 
and the performance of any obligations contemplated hereunder.
 
4.7. Legal Proceedings. There are no legal, administrative, arbitral or 
other actions, claims, suits or proceedings or investigations instituted or 
pending or, to the Knowledge of ASSAC’s management, threatened against 
ASSAC, or against any property, asset, interest or right of ASSAC, that 
might reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect or that 
might reasonably be expected to threaten or impede the consummation of the 
transactions contemplated by this Agreement.
 
15
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
4.8. Compliance with Laws. To the best Knowledge of ASSAC, it has not 
violated any federal, state, local or foreign statute or other law 
(including federal and state securities laws), the violation of which would 
be reasonably likely to have a Material Adverse Effect. Further, ASSAC is 
not an “investment company” or a company “controlled” by an “investment 
company” within the meaning of the Investment Company Act of 1940. All 
filings by ASSAC with the SEC have been filed in a timely fashion and are 
accurate and complete in all material respects.
 
4.9. Capitalization.
 
(a) ASSAC is authorized to issue 50,000,000 ASSAC Ordinary Shares and 
1,000,000 shares of preferred stock containing such terms and conditions as 
the ASSAC board of directors may, from time to time determined. As at the 
date of this Agreement, there are issued and outstanding (i) 14,000,000 
ASSAC Ordinary Shares, of which 11,500,000 are held by public shareholders, 
and (ii) warrants to purchase 17,225,000 additional ASSAC Ordinary Shares 
at an exercise price of $7.50 per share (the “ASSAC Warrants”), of which 
(A) 5,725,000 ASSAC Warrants are owned of record by Ho Capital Management 
LLC, and (B) 11,500,000 ASSAC Warrants are owned by public shareholders. As 
of the date of this Agreement, ASSAC is indebted to its Chairman and Chief 
Executive Officer in the amount of $500,000 and except for such amount, 
ASSAC has no outstanding indebtedness for money borrowed. An aggregate of 
$115,000,000 is being held in trust, as described in ASSAC’s prospectus, 
dated January 23, 2008 (the “ASSAC Prospectus”).
 
(b) All of the issued and outstanding ASSAC Ordinary Shares and ASSAC 
Warrants have been duly authorized and are validly issued, fully paid, and 
non-assessable.
 
(c) Except for (i) the ASSAC Warrants, and (ii) the issuance and sale by 
ASSAC of up to $165,000,000 of additional ASSAC Ordinary Shares or other 
securities convertible into or exercisable for ASSAC Ordinary Shares in 
connection with financings to be undertaken by ASSAC between the date of 
this Agreement and the Effective Time of the Merger in order to pay or 
prepay the “Purchaser Note” referred to in the Purchase Agreement (the “
ASSAC Financings”), as at the date hereof and at the Effective Time of the 
Merger, ASSAC does not have and will not have, issued or outstanding any 
options, warrants, purchase rights, subscription rights, conversion rights, 
exchange rights, or other contracts or commitments that could require ASSAC 
to issue, sell, or otherwise cause to become outstanding any of its 
Ordinary Shares.
 
4.10. The Merger Consideration. The Merger Consideration will, upon 
issuance, be duly authorized, legally and validly issued, fully paid and 
non-assessable, and free and clear of all liens, mortgages, pledges, and 
other encumbrances of any nature, unless expressly provided herein to the 
contrary.
 
4.11. Employee Benefit Plans. ASSAC has no labor union contract, bonus, 
pension, profit-sharing, retirement, deferred compensation, savings, stock 
purchase, stock option, hospitalization, insurance or other plan providing 
employees benefits, employment, agency, consulting or similar contract (“
Employee Benefit Plans”) which cannot be terminated in thirty (30) days or 
less.
 
4.12. Permits and Licenses. ASSAC has all licenses and permits (federal, 
state and local) required by governmental authorities to own, operate and 
carry on its business as now being conducted, and such licenses and permits 
are in full force and effect. No violations are or have been recorded in 
respect to the licenses or permits, included but not limited to fire and 
health and safety law violations, and no proceeding is pending or 
threatened looking toward the revocation or limitation of any of them.
 
16
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
4.13. Material Agreements. Except for (a) the Purchase Agreement, this 
Agreement and the Exhibits hereto and thereto, and (b) engagement letter 
agreement, dated August 4, 2008, with Canaccord Capital Corp. and Roth 
Capital Partners LLC, ASSAC is not a party to any material agreement, the 
failure on ASSAC’s part to perform could reasonably be expected to have a 
Material Adverse Effect upon ASSAC or the consummation of the transactions 
contemplated hereby or under the Purchase Agreement.
 
4.14. Insurance Policies. ASSAC maintains a Directors and Officers 
Liability Policy which remains in full force and effect. To the best 
Knowledge of ASSAC, it does not conduct any business which would result in 
the cancellation of, or a material increase in the premiums, for any of its 
insurance policies.
 
4.15. Undisclosed Liabilities. ASSAC does not have any liability (whether 
known or unknown, whether asserted or unasserted, whether absolute or 
contingent, whether accrued or unaccrued, whether liquidated or 
unliquidated, and whether due or to become due), including any liability 
for Taxes, except for: (i) liabilities set forth in the ASSAC financial 
statements included in public filings under the Securities Act of 1933, as 
amended and the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “ASSAC 
Financial Statements”), and (ii) liabilities which have arisen after the 
date of the latest ASSAC Financial Statements in the Ordinary Course of 
Business (none of which results from, arises out of, relates to, is in the 
nature of, or was caused by any breach of contract, breach of warranty, 
tort, infringement, or violation of law).
 
4.16. Material Defaults. ASSAC is not in default, or alleged to be in 
default, under any material agreement, contract, lease, mortgage, 
commitment, instrument or obligation, and to the best Knowledge of ASSAC no 
other party to any agreement, contract, lease, mortgage, commitment, 
instrument or obligation to which ASSAC is a party is in default 
thereunder, which default would have a Materially Adversely Effect upon the 
properties, assets, business or prospects of the ASSAC.
 
4.17. Tax Returns and Disputes. ASSAC has: (a) filed all Tax Returns 
(Cayman Island and United States federal, state and local) required to be 
filed by it, (b) all such Tax Returns filed are complete and accurate in 
all material respects, and (c) the applicable taypayer has paid all Taxes 
shown to be due and payable on the returns or any assessments or penalties 
received by it and all other Taxes (Cayman Island and United States 
federal, state and local) due and payable by it. ASSAC has collected and 
withheld all Taxes which it has been required to collect or withhold and 
has timely submitted all such collected and withheld amounts to the 
appropriate authorities. ASSAC is in compliance with the back-up 
withholding and information reporting requirements under the Code and any 
state, local or foreign laws, and the rules and regulations thereunder.
 
4.18. Financial Statements. All ASSAC Financial Statements present fairly 
the financial position, results of operations and cash flows of ASSAC for 
the fiscal period then ended and were prepared in accordance with United 
States generally accepted accounting principles (“GAAP”), except with 
respect to the unaudited ASSAC Financial Statements which are subject to 
non-material audit adjustments and do not contain all footnote disclosures 
that are required under GAAP audited financial statements.
 
4.19. No Adverse Change. Since March 31, 2008 there has been no Material 
Adverse Change in the business, financial condition, results of operations, 
assets, or liabilities of ASSAC.
 
4.20. Disclosure. The representations and warranties of ASSAC contained in 
this Agreement and in any agreement, certificate, affidavit, statutory 
declaration or other document delivered or given to CHTL or Trussnet 
pursuant to this Agreement or the Purchase Agreement are true and correct 
and do not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state 
a material fact necessary to make the statements contained in such 
representations and warranties not misleading to CHTL and Trussnet.
 
17
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
4.21. Advice of Changes. Between the date hereof and the Effective Time of 
the Merger, ASSAC shall advise CHTL shall promptly in writing of any fact, 
the occurrence of which would render any representation or warranty 
contained in this Agreement to be materially untrue.
 
ARTICLE V - CONDITIONS PRECEDENT

5.1 Conditions Precedent to the Obligations of CHTL and the CHTL Principal 
Shareholders. All obligations of CHTL and the CHTL Principal Shareholders 
under this Agreement are subject to the fulfillment, prior to or as of the 
Effective Time, as indicated below, of each of the following conditions; 
any one of which may be waived at Closing by Alvarez, as representative of 
all of the CHTL Principal Shareholders (the “CHTL Stockholders’ 
Representative):

(a) The representations and warranties by or on behalf of ASSAC contained 
in this Agreement or in any certificate or document delivered pursuant to 
the provisions hereof shall be true in all material respects at and as of 
Effective Time as though such representations and warranties were made at 
and as of such time.

(b) ASSAC shall have performed and complied in all material respects, with 
all covenants, agreements, and conditions set forth in, and shall have 
executed and delivered all documents required by this Agreement to be 
performed or complied with or executed and delivered by it prior to or at 
the Effective Time.

(c) On the Effective Time, an executive officer of ASSAC shall have 
delivered to CHTL a certificate, duly executed by such Person and 
certifying, that to the best of such Person’s knowledge and belief, the 
representations and warranties of ASSAC set forth in this Agreement are 
true and correct in all material respects.

(d) On or before the Effective Time, the Certificate of Merger shall have 
been duly filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Nevada, and the 
Effective Time of the Merger shall have occurred.

(e) On or before the Effective Time, the holders of a majority of the 
issued and outstanding shares of CHTL Common Stock and the holders of a 
majority of the issued and outstanding shares of ASSAC Ordinary Shares 
shall have approved the Merger, the Restated ASSAC Charter and all of the 
other transactions contemplated by the Purchase Agreement and this 
Agreement.

(f) On or before the Effective Time, ASSAC shall have amended the 
certificate of incorporation of ASSAC to (i) increase to 500,000,000 shares 
of ASSAC Ordinary Shares the authorized number of shares of ASSAC Ordinary 
Shares, and (ii) authorize for issuance up to 25,000,000 shares of 
preferred stock, containing such rights, privileges and preferences as the 
board of directors may, from time to time determine, all pursuant to the 
ASSAC Restated Charter. On the Effective Time, ASSAC shall have sufficient 
authorized ASSAC Ordinary Shares to complete the Merger and issue the 
maximum number of shares of ASSAC Ordinary Shares that may constitute 
Merger Consideration.

(g) At the Effective Time, all instruments and documents delivered to CHTL 
and the Shareholders pursuant to provisions hereof shall be reasonably 
satisfactory to legal counsel for CHTL.
 
18
------------------------------------------------------------------------

(h) At the Effective Time, CHTL shall have received an opinion of legal 
counsel acceptable to CHTL, dated as of the Closing to the effect that:

(i) ASSAC is a corporation duly organized, validly existing and in good 
standing under the laws of the Cayman Islands;

(ii) This Agreement has been duly authorized, executed and delivered by 
ASSAC and is a valid and binding obligation of ASSAC enforceable in 
accordance with its terms;

(iii) ASSAC and Mergerco, through their Boards of Directors and 
stockholders, has taken all corporate action under Cayman Island and Nevada 
law that is necessary for the performance by ASSAC and Mergerco of their 
respective obligations under this Agreement; and

(iv) The Merger Consideration to be issued pursuant to this Agreement 
hereof will be duly and validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable.

(i) ASSAC shall have issued to the CHTL Stockholders or the Exchange Agent 
(to be held on behalf of the CHTL Stockholders pending delivery of their 
CHTL Securities) the ASSAC Ordinary Shares, the ASSAC Series A Voting 
Preferred Stock and the ASSAC Debentures.

(j) ASSAC shall have issued to the CHTL Principal Shareholders the 
1,000,000 shares of ASSAC Series A Voting Preferred Stock.

(k) Except for (i) the ASSAC Warrants, or (ii) any ASSAC securities 
(convertible or exercisable for ASSAC Ordinary Shares) issued in connection 
with one or more ASSAC Financings contemplated by Section 5.1(n) below, 
immediately prior to the Effective Time of the Merger, there shall not be 
issued or committed to be issued any warrants, stock options, stock rights 
or other commitments of any character relating to the issued or unissued 
Ordinary Shares or preferred stock of ASSAC.

(l) At the Effective Time, the Merger Consideration to be issued and 
delivered hereunder will, when so issued and delivered, constitute valid 
and legally issued fully-paid and non-assessable ASSAC Ordinary Shares and 
shares of ASSAC Series A Voting Preferred Stock, and the ASSAC Debentures 
shall be valid and binding obligations of ASSAC, enforceable in accordance 
with their terms.

(m) In connection with any ASSAC Financing obtained by ASSAC or the 
exercise of ASSAC Warrants between the Closing Date under the Purchase 
Agreement and the Effective Date of the Merger:
 
(i) the net proceeds of any ASSAC Financing or ASSAC Warrant exercise shall 
be used by ASSAC to retire or prepay the ASSAC “Note” as that term is 
defined in the Purchase Agreement; and

(ii) the terms and conditions of such ASSAC Financing shall be reasonably 
acceptable to the CHTL Stockholders’ Representative; provided, however, 
that in connection with any ASSAC Financing, so long as (A) any Ordinary 
Shares are issued and sold by ASSAC at an effective price of $10.00 per 
share or greater, or (B) the conversion price(s) of any ASSAC notes, 
debentures or preferred stock convertible into ASSAC Ordinary Shares, or 
the exercise price of any ASSAC warrants to purchase ASSAC Ordinary Shares, 
shall be $10.00 per share or greater, than and in such event, such 
financing terms and conditions shall be deemed to be acceptable to the CHTL 
Stockholders’ Representative.
 
19
------------------------------------------------------------------------

(n) Assuming that a $105.0 million Additional Investment was made at the 
Closing of the transactions contemplated by the Purchase Agreement in the 
form of shares of CHTL Preferred Stock, the pro-forma capitalization of 
CHTL and ASSAC immediately prior to and after giving effect to the Merger 
shall be substantially as set forth on Schedule A annexed hereto and made a 
part hereof.

5.2 Conditions Precedent to the Obligations of ASSAC. All obligations of 
ASSAC under this Agreement are subject to the fulfillment, prior to or at 
Closing, of each of the following conditions (any one of which may be 
waived at Closing by ASSAC):

(a) The representations and warranties by CHTL contained in this Agreement 
or in any certificate or document delivered pursuant to the provisions 
hereof shall be true in all material respects at and as of the Closing as 
though such representations and warranties were made at and as of such 
time;

(b) CHTL shall have performed and complied with, in all material respects, 
with all covenants, agreements, and conditions set forth in, and shall have 
executed and delivered all documents required by this Agreement to be 
performed or complied or executed and delivered by them prior to or at the 
Closing;

(d) As soon as is reasonably practicable, CHTL shall have caused to have 
been delivered to ASSAC all balance sheets of CHTL and its consolidated 
direct and indirect Subsidiaries (and, if required, of Chinacomm and its 
consolidated subsidiaries), and the related statement of operations, 
statements of cash flows and statements of stockholders’ equity of CHTL and 
its consolidated direct and indirect Subsidiaries (and, if required, of 
Chinacomm and its consolidated subsidiaries), (i) as audited by independent 
auditors qualified under the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board in 
accordance with Regulation S-X, as promulgated under the Securities Act of 
1933, as amended, and (ii) as unaudited, to the extent that any of the 
foregoing financial statements are required to be included in the 
Registration Statement to be filed with and declared effective by the SEC 
as a pre-condition to the Merger and the other transactions contemplated 
hereby (the “Required Financial Statements”).

(e) On or before the Effective Time, the Certificate of Merger shall have 
been duly filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Nevada and the 
Effective Time of the Merger shall have occurred.

(f) On or before the Effective Time, the holders of a majority of the 
issued and outstanding ASSAC Ordinary Shares entitled to vote at an 
extraordinary general shareholders meeting of ASSAC shall have approved the 
Stock Purchase Agreement, this Agreement, the Merger, the ASSAC Restated 
Charter and all of the other transactions contemplated by hereby and 
thereby.

(g) Not in excess of 2% of the total issued and outstanding shares of CHTL 
Common Stock shall constitute Dissenters Shares as at the Effective Time of 
the Merger.

(h) On the Effective Time, the CHTL Principal Executive Officer shall have 
delivered to ASSAC a certificate, duly executed by such Person and 
certifying, that to the best of such Person’s knowledge and belief, the 
representations and warranties of CHTL set forth in this Agreement are true 
and correct in all material respects.

(i) At the Effective Time, ASSAC shall have received an opinion of Horwitz 
Cron & Jasper P.L.C., legal counsel to CHTL, dated as of the Closing to the 
effect that:

(i) CHTL is a corporation duly organized, validly existing and in good 
standing under the laws of the State of Nevada;
 
20
------------------------------------------------------------------------

(ii) this Agreement has been duly authorized, executed and delivered by 
CHTL and is a valid and binding obligation of CHTL enforceable in 
accordance with its terms;

(iii) the Board of Directors and stockholders of CHTL have each taken all 
corporate action under Nevada law that is necessary for the performance by 
CHTL of its obligations under this Agreement;

(iv) as to such other matters as ASSAC may reasonably request.

(j) ASSAC shall have received legal or other assurances reasonably 
satisfactory to it that the key executive employees of CHTL shall have 
elected to continue their employment with CHTL subsequent to the Effective 
Time of the Merger.

(k) Assuming that a $105.0 million Additional Investment was made at the 
Closing of the transactions contemplated by the Purchase Agreement in the 
form of shares of CHTL Preferred Stock, the pro-forma capitalization of 
CHTL and ASSAC immediately prior to and after giving effect to the Merger 
shall be substantially as set forth on Schedule A annexed hereto and made a 
part hereof.

(l) The Registration Statement shall have been declared effective by the 
SEC and no stop order proceedings with respect to such Registration 
Statement shall be pending or threatened by the SEC.

ARTICLE VI - COVENANTS

6.1 Corporate Examinations and Investigations. Prior to the Effective Time, 
the Parties acknowledge that they have been entitled, through their 
employees and representatives, to make such investigation of the assets, 
properties, business and operations, books, records and financial condition 
of the other as they each may reasonably require. No investigations, by a 
party hereto shall, however, diminish or waive any of the representations, 
warranties, covenants or agreements of the party under this Agreement.

6.2 Further Assurances. The Parties shall execute such documents and other 
papers and take such further actions as may be reasonably required or 
desirable to carry out the provisions hereof and the transactions 
contemplated hereby. Each such party shall use its best efforts to fulfill 
or obtain the fulfillment of the conditions to the Closing, including, 
without limitation, the execution and delivery of any documents or other 
papers, the execution and delivery of which are necessary or appropriate to 
the Closing.

6.3 Confidentiality. In the event the transactions contemplated by this 
Agreement are not consummated, ASSAC, the CHTL Principal Shareholders and 
the CHTL Principal Executive Officer agree to keep confidential any 
information disclosed to each other in connection therewith for a period of 
three (3) years from the date hereof; provided, however, such obligation 
shall not apply to information which:

  	
(i)
at the time of the disclosure was public knowledge;

  	
(ii)
is required to be disclosed publicly pursuant to any applicable federal or 
state securities laws;
     
21
------------------------------------------------------------------------
     
  	
(iii)
after the time of disclosure becomes public knowledge (except due to the 
action of the receiving party);

  	
(iv)
the receiving party had within its possession at the time of disclosure; or

(v) 	
is ordered disclosed by a Court of proper jurisdiction.

6.4 Registration Statement. Each of ASSAC and CHTL shall (a) as soon as 
practicable following delivery of the Required Financial Statements, file 
with the SEC the Registration Statement(s) referred to in Section 1.9 of 
this Agreement, and (b) use their best efforts cause such Registration 
Statement to be declared effective by the SEC as soon thereafter as is 
practicable.

6.5 Contents and Review of the Registration Statement. The Registration 
Statement shall include a joint prospectus/information statement of ASSAC 
and CHTL and shall provide for customary language in wuch each Party shall 
(a) provide the information about its business and management to be 
included in such Registration Statement, and (b) make customary 
representations about the accuracy of the information it provides and the 
absence of materiall misstatements or omissions. Each of ASSAC and CHTL 
shall afford the other Party and their respective legal counsel and other 
advisors with an opportunity to review and comment on the filings.

6.6 Voting of CHTL Shares. By their execution of this Agreement, each of 
the CHTL Principal Shareholders (subject only to satisfaction of the 
conditions precedent set forth in Section 5.1) do hereby irrevocably and 
unconditionally covenant and agree, to vote all of their voting shares of 
CHTL Common Stock at the Special Stockholders Meeting IN FAVOR of the 
Merger, the ASSAC Restated Charter and all other transactions contemplated 
hereby.

6.7 ASSAC Restated Charter. Immediately following the Effective Time of the 
Merger, ASSAC shall have filed the ASSAC Restated Charter in the form and 
content satisfactory to the ASSAC and the CHTL Principal Shareholders with 
the applicable filing office in the Cayman Islands.

6.8 Boards of Directors. At the Effective Time of the Merger, the initial 
Board of Directors of ASSAC, as the Surviving Corporation of the Merger, 
shall consist of seven (7) Persons, all of whom shall be Persons designated 
in the Purchase Agreement. In addition, two (2) of such directors shall be 
independent directors (as defined in the Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002 or 
rules of the stock exchange on which ASSAC trades, and one of whom shall be 
a financial expert).

6.9 Indemnification of Officers and Directors.  It is the intention of the 
Parties that ASSAC shall indemnify its officers and directors to the 
fullest extent permitted by Cayman Island law. In such connection, the 
Parties agree not to amend the certificates of incorporation or by-laws of 
either ASSAC if such amendment shall have the effect of reducing, 
terminating or otherwise adversely affecting the indemnification rights and 
privileges applicable to officers and directors of ASSAC, as the same are 
in effect immediately prior to the Effective Time of the Merger.

6.10 Expenses. It is understood and agreed that following the execution of 
this Agreement, any and all expenses with respect to any filings, 
documentation and related matters with respect to the consummation of the 
transactions contemplated hereby shall be the individual responsibility of 
each of ASSAC and CHTL.
 
22
------------------------------------------------------------------------

6.11 Specific Performance. Each of Parties acknowledge and agree that 
ASSAC’s purchase of the Purchased Securities (as defined in the Purchase 
Agreement) and the other transactions contemplated by the Purchase 
Agreement were consummated in partial reliance upon the fact that CHTL 
would become a wholly-owned Subsidiary of ASSAC pursuant to the Merger 
contemplated by this Agreement. Accordingly, each of CHTL, Alvarez and the 
other CHTL Principal Shareholders who are executing this Agreement do 
hereby acknowledge and agree that, absent only a material breach by ASSAC 
or Mergerco of their representations and warrants or the failure on the 
part of ASSAC or Mergerco to perform any of their material covenants and 
agreements contained herein, if:

(a) CHTL, shall fail or refuse to timely perform their respective covenants 
and agreements contained herein (including those set forth in Section 5.2 
and Article VI), and/or

(b) Alvarez or the other CHTL Principal Shareholders shall fail or refuse 
to timely perform their respective covenants and agreements contained in 
Section 6.6 of this Agreement or in Sections 6.4, 6.5 6.12 and 7.2 of the 
Purchase Agreement,

in either case, that would make it impossible or impracticable for ASSAC to 
consummate by March 31, 2009 the Merger contemplated hereby, ASSAC would 
have no adequate remedy at law. Accordingly, each of CHTL, Alvarez and the 
CHTL Principal Shareholders do hereby agree that, in addition to any other 
remedies available to ASSAC at law or in equity, ASSAC or their legal 
representative may seek and obtain from the United States District Court 
for the Southern District of California or any state court of competent 
jurisdiction in Los Angeles County, California, specific performance of 
this Agreement. Each of CHTL, Alvarez and the CHTL Principal Stockholder do 
hereby consent to the jurisdiction of such federal court or state court of 
competent jurisdiction in Los Angeles California.

6.12 Westmoore Warrants. At the Effective Time of the Merger, ASSAC shall 
issue to Westmoore Partners, L.P. or its Affiliates or designees, the 
Westmoore Warrants.

ARTICLE VII - TERMINATION.

7.1 Termination by the Parties. If the Effective Time of the Merger has not 
occurred by the close of business on March 31, 2009, then any Party hereto 
may thereafter terminate this Agreement by written notice to such effect, 
to the other Parties hereto, without liability of or to any Party to this 
Agreement or any shareholder, director, officer, employee or representative 
of such Party, unless the reason for such Effective Time having not 
occurred is:

(a) such terminating Party’s willful breach of the provisions of this 
Agreement, or

(b) if all of the conditions to such terminating Party’s obligations set 
forth in Article V and Article VI have been satisfied or waived in writing 
by the date scheduled for the Closing, and, notwithstanding such 
satisfaction or waiver, such terminating Party fails or refuses to close 
the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.
 
23
------------------------------------------------------------------------

ARTICLE VIII - SURVIVAL OF REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

8.1 Notwithstanding any right of either Party to investigate the affairs of 
the other party and its Shareholders, each Party has the right to rely 
fully upon representations, warranties, covenants and agreements of the 
other Parties contained in this Agreement or in any document delivered to 
one by the other or any of their representatives, in connection with the 
transactions contemplated by this Agreement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, 
all of the representations and warranties of the Parties to this Agreement 
shall terminate as at the Effective Time of the Merger.

ARTICLE IX - DISPUTE RESOLUTION; NON-COMPETITION.

9.1 Resolution of Disputes. Except as otherwise provided in Section 6.11 
above, any dispute arising under this Agreement which cannot be resolved 
among the Parties shall be submitted to final and binding arbitration in 
accordance with the then prevailing rules and regulations of the American 
Arbitration Association (the “AAA”), located in Los Angeles, California. 
There shall be three arbitrators, one selected by the claimant, one 
selected by the respondent and the third arbitrator selected by the AAA. 
The decision and award of the arbitrators shall be final and binding upon 
all Parties and may be enforced in any federal or state court of competent 
jurisdiction. Service of process on any one or more Parties in connection 
with any such arbitration may be made by registered or certified mail, 
return receipt requested or by email or facsimile transmission.

ARTICLE X - MISCELLANEOUS

10.1 Waivers. The waiver of a breach of this Agreement or the failure of 
any party hereto to exercise any right under this Agreement shall in no way 
constitute waiver as to future breach whether similar or dissimilar in 
nature or as to the exercise of any further right under this Agreement.

10.2 Amendment. This Agreement may be amended or modified only by an 
instrument of equal formality signed by the Parties or the duly authorized 
representatives of the respective Parties.

10.3 Assignment. This Agreement is not assignable except by operation of 
law.

10.4 Notice. All notices, requests and demands hereunder shall be in 
writing and delivered by hand, by facsimile transmission, by E-Mail, by 
mail, by telegram, or by recognized commercial over-night delivery service 
(such as Federal Express, UPS, or DHL), and shall be deemed given: (a) if 
by hand delivery, upon such delivery; (b) if by facsimile transmission, 
upon telephone confirmation of receipt of same; (c) if by E-Mail, upon 
confirmation of receipt of same; (d) if by mail, forty-eight (48) hours 
after deposit in the United States mail, first class, registered or 
certified mail, postage prepaid; (e) if by telegram, upon telephone 
confirmation of receipt of same; or (f) if by recognized commercial 
over-night delivery service, upon such delivery.
 
24
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
If to ASSAC:
  	
Asia Special Situation Acquisitions Corp.
  	  	
c/o M & C Corporate Services Limited
  	  	
P.O. Box 309GT, Ugland House
  	  	
South Church Street
  	  	
George Town, Grand Cayman
  	  	
Attention: Gary Hirst, Esq.
  	  	
Telephone:
  	  	
Facsimile:
  	  	
E-Mail: gary@axiat.com
  	  	 
With a copy to:
  	
Stephen A. Weiss, Esq.
  	  	
Hodgson Russ LLP
  	  	
1540 Broadway, 24th Floor
  	  	
New York, New York 10036-4039
  	  	
Telephone: (646) 218-7606
  	  	
Facsimile: (212) 751-0928
  	  	
E-Mail: sweiss@hodgsonruss.com
  	  	 
If CHTL or the CHTL Principal Shareholders:
  	
China Tel Group, Inc.
  	  	
8105 Irvine Center Drive, Suite 800
  	  	
Irvine, California 92618
  	  	
Attention: George Alvarez
  	  	
Telephone: (949) 453-1775
  	  	
Facsimile: (949) 453-1822
  	  	
E-Mail: galvarez@trussnet.net
  	  	 
With a copy to:
  	
Lawrence W. Horwitz, Esq.
  	  	
HORWITZ, CRON & JASPER, P.L.C.
  	  	
Four Venture Plaza Suite 390
  	  	
Irvine, California 92618
  	  	
Telephone: (949) 450-4942
  	  	
Facsimile: (949) 453-8774
  	  	
E-Mail: lhorwitz@hclaw.biz

10.5 Governing Law. This Agreement shall be construed, and the legal 
relations between the Parties determined, in accordance with the laws of 
the State of New York, thereby precluding any choice of law rules which may 
direct the application of the laws of any other jurisdiction.

10.6 Publicity. No publicity release or announcement concerning this 
Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby shall be issued by either 
party hereto at any time from the signing hereof without advance approval 
in writing of the form and substance by the other party.

10.7 Entire Agreement. This Agreement (including the Schedules to be 
attached hereto) and the collateral agreements executed in connection with 
the consummation of the transactions contemplated herein contain the entire 
agreement among the Parties with respect to the transactions contemplated 
hereby, and supersedes all prior agreements, written or oral, with respect 
hereof., including, without limitation the Exchange Agreement and the 
Original Merger Agreement.
 
25
------------------------------------------------------------------------

10.8 Headings. The headings in this Agreement are for reference purposes 
only and shall not in any way affect the meaning or interpretation of this 
Agreement.

10.9 Severability of Provisions. The invalidity or unenforceability of any 
term, phrase, clause, paragraph, restriction, covenant, agreement or 
provision of this Agreement shall in no way affect the validity or 
enforcement of any other provision or any part thereof.

10.10 Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in any number of 
counterparts, each of which when so executed, shall constitute an original 
copy hereof, but all of which together shall consider but one and the same 
document.

10.11 Binding Effect. This Agreement shall be binding upon the Parties 
hereto and inure to the benefit of the Parties, their respective heirs, 
administrators, executors,
successors and assigns.

10.12 Press Releases. The Parties will mutually agree as to the wording and 
timing of any informational releases concerning this transaction prior to 
and through Closing.

[balance of page intentionally left blank - signature page follows]
 
26
------------------------------------------------------------------------

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, this Agreement has been duly executed by the Parties on 
the date and year first above written.
 
ASIA SPECIAL SITUATION ACQUISITION CORP., a Cayman Island corporation
  	  	
CHINA TEL GROUP, INC., a Nevada Company
  	  	  	 
  	  	  	 
By   /s/ Gary T. Hirst
  	  	
By   /s/ George Alvarez
  ----------------------------------------------------------------------
  Signature
  Dr. Gary T. Hirst
  Print Name
   
  Its President
     Print Title
  	  	
  ----------------------------------------------------------------------
  Signature
  George Alvarez
  Print Name
   
  Its President
     Print Title
  	  	  	 
Dated August 6, 2008
  	  	
Dated August 6, 2008
 
 
CHTL ACQUISITION CORP.
a Nevada corporation
  	  	 
  	  	  	 
By   /s/ Gary T. Hirst 	  	  	
  ----------------------------------------------------------------------
  Signature
  Dr. Gary T. Hirst
  Print Name
   
  Its President
     Print Title
  	  	
 
CHTL PRINCIPAL SHAREHOLDERS:
 
  	  	  	
WESTMOORE INVESTMENTS, L.P.
  	  	  	 
/s/ Mario Alvarez
  	  	By   /s/ Matthew Jennings
------------------------------------------------------------------------
MARIO ALVAREZ  	  	  	
  ----------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
ALVAREZ IRR TRUST 	  	  	WESTMOORE MANAGEMENT, LLC
  	  	  	 
  	  	  	 
By:  /s/ Mario Alvarez 	  	  	By:   /s/ Matthew Jennings
  ----------------------------------------------------------------------
  Mario Alvarez, Trustee
  	  	
  ----------------------------------------------------------------------
 

WESTMOORE CAPITAL GROUP
SERIES A LLC
  	  	
WESTMOORE CAPITAL GROUP
SERIES B LLC
  	  	  	 
  	  	  	 
By:  /s/ Matthew Jennings 	  	  	BY:  /s/ Matthew Jennings
  ----------------------------------------------------------------------
  	  	
  ----------------------------------------------------------------------
 
27
------------------------------------------------------------------------

SCHEDULE A

I. As at the Closing of the Purchase Agreement

ASSAC

Authorized Ordinary Shares
  	
50,000,000 shares
Authorized Preferred Shares
  	
1,000,000 shares
  	  	 
Issued Ordinary Shares
  	
14,000,000 shares
Issued Preferred Shares
  	
-0-
Issued ASSAC Note
  	
$165,000,000
ASSAC Warrants Outstanding
  	
17,225,000 shares
ASSAC Fully-Diluted Ordinary Shares
  	
31,225,000 shares
  	  	 
CHTL:
  	 
  	  	 
Authorized Class A Common Stock
  	
500,000,000 shares
Authorized Class B Common Stock
  	
200,000,000 shares
Authorized Series A Preferred Shares
  	
25,000,000 shares
  	  	 
Issued Class A Common Stock
  	 
to CHTL shareholders prior to Closing
  	
86,117,088 shares
Issued Class B Common Stock to
  	 
CHTL shareholders prior to Closing
  	
66,909,088 shares
Issued Series A Preferred Shares
  	 
to Additional Investors
  	
10,500,000 shares (at a price of $10.00 per share)
Maximum Issued Debentures
  	
$45,000,000
Issued Class A Common Stock to
  	 
ASSAC for $105,000,000 cash and
  	 
$165,000,000 ASSAC Note
  	
120,000,000 shares (*)
CHTL Class A Common Stock issuable
  	 
upon conversion of Debentures @ $0.95/share
  	
47,368,421 shares
CHTL Class A Common Stock issuable
  	 
upon conversion of CHTL Preferred Stock
  	 
issued to Additional Investors @ $2.25/share
  	
46,666,667 shares
CHTL Fully-Diluted Class A Common Stock
  	
300,226,176 shares
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
(*) 73,333,333 of such shares are subject to forefeiture and pledged to 
CHTL as collateral for payment of $165,000,000 ASSAC Note. As Note is 
prepaid, shares are released based on one share for each $2.25 amount of 
Note paid down in cash.
 
28
------------------------------------------------------------------------

SCHEDULE A
 
II. As at the Effective Time of the Merger

ASSAC

Authorized Ordinary Shares
  	
250,000,000 shares
Authorized Preferred Shares
  	
25,000,000 shares
  	  	 
Issued Ordinary Shares to insiders
  	
2,500,000 shares
Issued Ordinary Shares to Public Investors
  	
11,500,000 shares
ASSAC Warrants Outstanding
  	
17,225,000 shares
Issued Ordinary Shares to Holders of CHTL
  	 
Class A Common Stock (other than ASSAC)
  	
19,376,345 shares (1)
ASSAC Debentures
  	
$45,000,000
ASSAC Ordinary Shares issuable to
  	 
holders of ASSAC Debentures
  	
10,657,895 shares (2)
ASSAC Ordinary Shares Issued to
  	 
holders of CHTL Preferred Stock
  	
10,500,000 (3)
ASSAC Ordinary Shares issued to New
  	 
Investors at $10.00 per share
  	
6,500,000 (4)
ASSAC Ordinary Shares issuable to New
  	 
Investors upon exercise of ASSAC Warrants
  	
3,250,000 (4)
Series A Voting Preferred Stock issued
  	 
to CHTL Principal Stockholders
  	
1,000,000 (5)
ASSAC Note payable to CHTL
  	
-0-
CHTL Shares formerly held by ASSAC
  	
-0-
  	  	 
ASSAC Fully-Diluted Ordinary Shares
  	
81,509,240 shares

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(1) Based on the Class A Common Stock Exchange Ratio

(2) Based on the ASSAC Debenture Exchange Ratio.

(3) Assumes each share of CHTL Preferred Stock is purchased at $10.00 and 
is convertible into 4.4444 shares of CHTL Class A Common Stock.

(4) Assumes that (a) a total of $65,000,000 is raised by ASSAC in one or 
more financings prior to the Effective Time of the Merger, (b) all of the 
net proceeds of which were paid to CHTL and used to reduce the original 
$165,000,000 ASSAC Note to $100,000,000, and (c) the ASSAC securities 
consisted of Ordinary Shares issued at $10.00 per share and warrants 
entitling the holder to purchase an additional 3,250,000 Ordinary Shares. 
The terms of such proposed financing are subject to change and the 
provisions of Section 5.1(n) of the Agreement and Plan of Merger.

(5) Entitles the CHTL Principal Stockholders to 100,000,000 votes (100 
votes for each share) voting together with the ASSAC Ordinary Shares on all 
matters requiring ASSAC shareholder vote or approval.
 
29
------------------------------------------------------------------------

Based upon the foregoing, CHTL would receive aggregate financing of 
$270,000,000, of which $196,000,000 would be paid to Chinacomm under the 
Purchase Agreement, and the balance used for working capital. In addition, 
upon exercise of the 17,225,000 ASSAC Warrants currently outstanding, the 
consolidated companies would receive up to an additional $129,187,500.
 
30
------------------------------------------------------------------------