 EX-10.29 4 t1402092_ex10-29.htm EXHIBIT 10.29
 
Exhibit 10.29
 
Applied DNA Sciences, Inc.
 
November 11, 2014
 
James A. Hayward
Chairman, President & CEO
Applied DNA Sciences
50 Health Sciences Drive
Stony Brook, NY 11790
     
Re: 	Exchange of Promissory Note
 
Dear Dr. Hayward:
 
Reference is made to that certain 12.5% Promissory Note issued by Applied 
DNA Sciences, Inc. (the “Company”), to you (the “Holder”), as of September 
11, 2014, in the original principal amount of One Million Dollars 
($1,000,000.00) (the “Note”).
 
As you know, the Company has filed a Registration Statement on Form S-1 
(File No. 333-199121) with the Securities Exchange Commission in connection 
with the proposed sale of up to $12,000,000 of shares of the Company’s 
common stock, par value $0.001 per share (“Common Stock”), and related 
warrants to purchase Common Stock (“Warrants”), plus up to $1,800,000 of 
shares of Common Stock and Warrants subject to an over-allotment option 
granted by the Company to the underwriters (the “Public Offering”).
 
This letter shall confirm our understanding that in connection with the 
Public Offering, the Company and Holder shall exchange the Note for shares 
of Common Stock and Warrants, as set forth herein, in reliance upon the 
exemption from registration provided by Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities 
Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”), it being understood, for 
the avoidance of doubt, that such payment is in full satisfaction of all 
amounts otherwise owed to Holder with respect to the Note, including for 
accrued interest on the Note.
 
The Exchange. At the Closing (as defined below), the Company will, in 
exchange and as full consideration for the Note, issue such number of 
shares of Common Stock determined by the quotient obtained by dividing the 
outstanding principal and interest of the Note by the per share price of 
the Common Stock sold in the Public Offering (the “Exchange Shares”) and 
related Warrants (collectively with the Exchange Shares, the “Exchange 
Securities”).
 
Closing. The closing of the transactions contemplated hereunder (the “
Closing”) will take place immediately prior to the closing of the Public 
Offering. The Company shall deliver to Holder the Exchange Securities upon 
receipt from Holder of the original Note for cancellation.
 
Certain Representations and Warranties. Holder hereby represents and 
warrants to the Company that the following statements are complete and 
accurate as of the date of this letter and will be complete and accurate as 
of the Closing:
 

1

 

  
    Ownership. Holder is the sole beneficial owner of the aggregate
    principal amount and any and all accrued and unpaid interest thereon,
    as the case may be, of the Note, such Note is owned free and clear of
    all liens and other claims, encumbrances or restrictions on sale of any
    sort whatsoever, and upon the occurrence of the Closing hereunder, the
    Company shall acquire sole beneficial ownership of the Note, free and
    clear of all liens and other claims, encumbrances or restrictions on
    sale of any sort whatsoever arising from or through Holder. To the
    knowledge of Holder, no proceedings relating to Holder are pending or
    threatened before any court, arbitrator or administrative or
    governmental body that would adversely affect Holder’s right to
    transfer the Note to the Company.
     
    Authorization and Binding Obligation. Holder has the requisite
    competence and authority to enter into this letter agreement, to carry
    out his obligations hereunder and to consummate the transactions
    contemplated hereby. Holder has taken all actions necessary to
    authorize the execution and delivery of this letter agreement, the
    performance by Holder of his obligations hereunder and the consummation
    by Holder of the transactions contemplated hereby. This letter
    agreement has been duly executed and delivered by Holder and
    constitutes the legal, valid and binding obligations of Holder
    enforceable against Holder in accordance with their respective terms.
     
    Accredited Investor; Investment. Holder is an “accredited investor” (as
    such term is defined in Rule 501(a) of Regulation D under the
    Securities Act). Holder is knowledgeable, sophisticated and experienced
    in business and financial matters and has previously invested in
    securities similar to the Exchange Securities. Holder is able to bear
    the economic risk of his investment in the Exchange Securities and is
    presently able to afford the complete loss of such investment and has
    been afforded access to information about the Company and its financial
    condition, results of operations, business, property and management
    sufficient to enable Holder to evaluate his investment in the Exchange
    Securities. The Exchange Securities will be acquired by Holder for
    investment for Holder’s own account, not as a nominee or agent, and not
    with a view to the public resale or distribution thereof within the
    meaning of the Securities Act, except pursuant to resales registered or
    exempt under the Securities Act. Holder has a pre-existing personal or
    business relationship with the Company and/or one or more of its
    officers or directors. Holder has made an independent decision to
    exchange the Note based on the information available to Holder, which
    he has determined is adequate for that purpose. Holder acknowledges
    that he has independently made his own analysis and decision to sell
    the Note without reliance upon the Company and based on such
    information as he has deemed appropriate in his independent judgment.
    Holder has not relied on any information (in any form, whether written
    or oral, including any representation or warranty of the Company)
    furnished by the Company or on the Company’s behalf in making that
    decision (other than the representations of the Company expressly set
    forth herein). Holder further acknowledges that it has not relied on
    the Company or the Company’s representatives for any tax advice related
    to the transactions contemplated hereunder and that Holder has
    consulted with his own tax advisor with respect to the application of
    the United States Federal income tax laws to his particular situation
    as well as any tax consequences of the exchange of the Note for the
    Exchange Securities and the ownership and disposition of the Exchange
    Securities. Neither the Company nor its affiliates, respective
    officers, employees, agents or
 

2

 

  
    controlling persons have provided any investment advice or rendered any
    opinion to Holder as to whether the exchange of the Note for the
    Exchange Securities is prudent or suitable.
 
This letter agreement and the Note constitute and contain the entire 
agreement among the Company and Holder regarding the subject matter hereof 
and supersedes any and all prior agreements, negotiations, correspondence, 
understandings and communications among the parties, whether written or 
oral, respecting the subject matter hereof.
 
The provisions of Section 7 of the Note regarding governing law, exclusive 
jurisdiction and waiver of jury trial are hereby incorporated into this 
letter agreement as if set forth fully herein and shall apply mutatis 
mutandis.
 
Please acknowledge your agreement to the foregoing in the space provided 
below and return your signed acknowledgment to me at your earliest 
convenience.
 
  	Applied DNA Sciences, Inc.
  	 
  	  	 
  	By: 	   /s/ Karol Kain Gray
  	Name: 	   Karol Kain Gray
  	Title: 	   Chief Financial Officer
 
Acknowledged and Agreed:
 
 
By: 	   /s/ James A. Hayward 	 
  	   James A. Hayward 	 
 

3