 EX-10.2 3 abio-ex102_20140930200.htm EX-10.2
 
Exhibit 10.2

[*] = Certain confidential information contained in this document, marked 
by brackets, is filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant 
to Rule 24b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended

SECOND AMENDMENT TO CLINICAL TRIAL COLLABORATION AGREEMENT

This Second Amendment to Clinical Trial Collaboration Agreement (this “
Amendment”) is made and entered into as of August 28, 2014 (the “Amendment 
Effective Date”) and amends the Clinical Trial Collaboration Agreement 
dated April 18, 2013, as amended effective June 15, 2014 (“Agreement”) 
between ARCA biopharma, Inc., a Delaware corporation (hereinafter “ARCA”), 
and Medtronic, Inc., a Delaware corporation (hereinafter “Medtronic”) 
(collectively, the “Parties”).

INTRODUCTION

ARCA is currently conducting the Phase 2B Study and has determined that 
changes in the terms of the Agreement would improve the progress of the 
Phase 2B Study.  To that end, the Parties have agreed to modify the 
Agreement as provided in this Amendment.  

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing premises and the mutual 
covenants contained herein, and other good and valuable consideration, the 
receipt and sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, the parties hereby 
agree as follows:

ARTICLE I

Terms defined in the Agreement have the same meaning when used in this 
Amendment, except to the extent a term is defined differently in this 
Amendment.

ARTICLE II

Section 5.1 (a) of the Agreement is hereby deleted and replaced in its 
entirety with the following:

(a)     Medtronic will use its CareLink System and the Medtronic Devices 
implanted in patients in the Phase 2B Study to support the collection and 
analysis of AF burden data from up to 200 patients enrolled in the Phase 2B 
Study.  [*] The AF Burden Substudy Protocol will require that the patients 
in the Phase 2B Study will either have an existing implanted Medtronic 
Device, or will have a Reveal inserted as part of enrollment in the Phase 
2B Study; provided, that up to [*] of the patients in the Phase 2B study 
may be enrolled without having a Medtronic Device implanted (“Non-Medtronic 
Device Patients”).  Such non-Medtronic Device Patients may include patients 
with no cardiac monitoring device of any kind, as well as patients 
implanted with cardiac monitoring devices made by other manufacturers.  The 
AF Burden Substudy Protocol will also require that all patients with 
implanted Medtronic Devices be enrolled in CareLink.  Medtronic has no 
obligation to provide CRMA Services in connection with Non-Medtronic Device 
Patients.

ARTICLE III

Section 5.2 of the Agreement is hereby deleted and replaced in its entirety 
with the following:

5.2     The Parties shall agree on an enrollment plan for the Phase 2B 
Study to ensure that all patients eligible for the study are actively 
enrolled, including those with existing Medtronic Devices and those willing 
to have a Reveal device implanted.  Eligible patients without a Medtronic 
Device will be implanted with a Reveal without unreasonable delay.  
Medtronic shall ensure that sufficient Reveal devices and patient monitors 
are reasonably available to ARCA in order to avoid unreasonable delay in 
the enrollment process, and shall be responsible for distributing Reveals 
to the Study sites that require them based on device orders from ARCA. 
Medtronic shall provide training and technical support for Medtronic 
Devices, including training relating to insertion and use of Reveals, to 
the investigators.  Medtronic will support the reimbursement process for 
Reveals and the patient monitors, including insertion and, if necessary, 
explantation, by providing information about reimbursement opportunities to 
investigators.  If reimbursement for the Reveal device and patient monitor 
is denied for a patient who receives one during enrollment in the Phase 2B 
Study after the implanting physician has made reasonable efforts and 
cooperated with Medtronic in pursuit of reimbursement, [*], taken in the 
order of reimbursement denial, [*]; and b) only if required up to [*] for 
the cost of the explant procedure, and up to [*] for explant physician fees 
per patient.  The Parties agree that the payments made by Medtronic 
hereunder: (a) are consistent with the fair market value of the applicable 
services and are inclusive of any and all applicable fees, personnel costs, 
overhead and the like; and (b) have not been determined in a manner that 
takes into account the volume or value of any referrals or business 
otherwise generated between the Parties and any third party.  The Parties 
also agree that the payments made by Medtronic described in this Section 
5.2 constitute the complete and full compensation owed by Medtronic to ARCA 
for the work performed under this Agreement and Medtronic shall not be 
liable to ARCA or to any third party for any other payments which may be 
associated with this Agreement or

 
1
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

with any of the services provided hereunder. ARCA shall provide Medtronic 
with an invoice along with accompanying documentation, in a form 
satisfactory to Medtronic, of the contracted implant, explant and physician 
fees for which payment is sought under this Section 5.2.  All fees ARCA 
seeks for a given patient shall be included on a single invoice.  Medtronic 
is not required to make any payment to ARCA for any invoice submitted 
hereunder until it has had the required documentation for at least 30 days, 
and ARCA shall not submit invoices to Medtronic more often than once every 
three months.

(a)     In addition to the reimbursement process provided for in Section 
5.2, ARCA will have the right, but not the obligation, for the duration of 
the Study, to purchase from Medtronic up to [*] of the latest version 
(available at the time of purchase) of Reveal devices for use in the Phase 
2B study patients, at the price of [*] per Reveal LINQ System.  The price 
charged in this Agreement is the confidential information of Medtronic.  
ARCA may negotiate agreements with particular Phase 2B study sites, under 
which any such site may receive Reveal LINQ Systems purchased by ARCA.  
ARCA shall not charge study patients or sites for any Reveal LINQ Systems 
so purchased by ARCA, and shall obtain the site’s agreement not to seek 
reimbursement for such Reveal LINQ Systems.  Medtronic’s obligation in 
Section 5.2, to cover certain unreimbursed Reveal implant and explant costs 
for up to [*] Study patients, will be reduced by 1 patient for each Reveal 
LINQ System provided pursuant to the terms of this Section 5.3.  In 
addition, Medtronic shall have no obligation to provide either 
reimbursement or reimbursement assistance for any implant or explant costs 
associated with any Reveal LINQ System purchased by ARCA pursuant to this 
Section 5.2 (a).

(b)     ARCA agrees to engage Medtronic’s [*] to assist ARCA and ARCA’s CRO 
(the Duke Clinical Research Institute (“DCRI”) in the support of Phase 2B 
study site identification and activation, and patient identification and 
enrollment in the Study, pursuant to the terms attached hereto as Exhibit 
A-1, and the invoicing provisions of Article XII.  The Parties may add 
additional services to this Agreement by written amendment, including by 
adding an additional Exhibit A, (e.g., Exhibit A-2) that has been signed by 
both Parties.  The Parties understand and agree that all services provided 
pursuant to this Section 5.2 (b) are undertaken at the express direction of 
ARCA and DCRI, and by providing such services Medtronic does not assume any 
obligations or liabilities of a sponsor of GENETIC-AF.  ARCA shall 
indemnify, defend and hold harmless Medtronic, its respective trustees, 
officers, agents and employees (collectively “Indemnitees”) against any 
third part claims, actions, suits or judgments (“Claims”) made or 
instituted against Indemnitees that are premised on the claim that by 
virtue of the services provided pursuant to this section 5.2(b) Medtronic 
is a sponsor of GENETIC-AF, except to the extent the recovery in a Claim is 
caused by Medtronic performing services beyond the scope of the services 
for which ARCA retains Medtronic pursuant to this section.

ARTICLE IV

The following is added to the Agreement as a new Article XII:

ARTICLE XII

REVEAL SALE AND DISTRIBUTION

12.1     Reveal devices provided pursuant to this Agreement will be ordered 
from Medtronic by ARCA on behalf of the Genetic-AF study sites in a 
mutually agreed manner, shipped by Medtronic to the Genetic-AF study site 
identified by ARCA in its order.  Medtronic will pay the shipping costs 
incurred to ship to the site and risk of loss passes to ARCA upon shipment. 
 Medtronic will provide Reveal devices solely for use under Sections 5.2, 
5.2(a) and 5.4 of this Agreement, and ARCA shall only order such devices 
for study sites that require them for the Genetic-AF study.  Medtronic 
shall provide ARCA with an invoice along with accompanying documentation, 
in a form satisfactory to ARCA, for the agreed fees for devices and 
services provided by Medtronic pursuant to this Agreement.  Except as 
provided otherwise in Exhibit A-1, payment is due within 30 days of the 
invoice date.  The Parties’ obligation to pay fees due pursuant to the 
Agreement survives termination and expiration of the Agreement.

12.2     ARCA represents and warrants it will not, and will not allow sites 
participating in the Genetic-AF study to use the Reveal devices provided by 
Medtronic pursuant to this Agreement for any purpose other than the 
Genetic-AF study.  ARCA is responsible for the proper care, maintenance, 
loss, theft or mysterious disappearance of the Reveal devices provided 
under this Agreement.  ARCA shall return to Medtronic all Reveal devices 
unused by study sites as soon as practicable after the completion of each 
phase of the Genetic-AF study, unless the Parties agree in writing to 
maintain the devices at a different location for use in the Phase 3 
Portion.

12.3     ARCA represents and warrants that it will have agreements in place 
with study sites that require study sites to use the Reveal devices only 
for the purpose of the study, not bill health insurers for the Reveal 
devices ARCA purchases from Medtronic, obtain review and approval of the 
Genetic-AF study from an ethics committee, and obtain informed consent from 
study subjects.

 
2
 
[*] = Certain confidential information contained in this document, marked 
by brackets, is filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant 
to Rule 24b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 

12.4     ARCA shall not decompile, reverse engineer, disassemble or 
otherwise analyze any portion of the Reveal devices or Reveal LINQ Systems 
provided by Medtronic hereunder.

12.5     THE REVEAL DEVICES AND REVEAL LINQ SYSTEMS PROVIDED TO ARCA BY 
MEDTRONIC HEREUNDER ARE PROVIDED “AS-IS”, WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, 
INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION THE WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR 
A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR WARRANTY THAT THE USE OF THE MEDTRONIC MATERIALS 
WILL NOT INFRINGE ANY PATENT, COPYRIGHT, TRADEMARK OR OTHER RIGHT OF ANY 
THIRD PARTY.

12.6     ARCA shall indemnify, defend and hold harmless Medtronic, its 
respective trustees, officers, agents and employees (collectively 
“Indemnitees”) against any third part claims, actions, suits or judgments 
(“Claims”) made or instituted against Indemnitees to the extent they are 
caused by ARCA’s purchase and return of the Reveal devices and Reveal LINQ 
Systems hereunder, except to the extent the recovery in a Claim is caused 
by an act or omission of Medtronic.

12.7     ARCA shall assist and cooperate with Medtronic with respect to 
fulfillment of Medtronic’s legal and regulatory obligations applicable to 
Reveal devices and Reveal LINQ systems provided hereunder, such as FDA 
complaint reporting, device tracking and recall assistance.  Upon 
termination or expiration of this Agreement or the Genetic-AF study, ARCA 
shall return all unused Reveal devices and Reveal LINQ Systems to Medtronic 
within 30 days of such termination or expiration.  ARCA is not entitled to 
a credit for such returns.

Article v

MISCELLANEOUS

5.1     This Amendment may be executed in two or more counterparts, each of 
which shall be deemed an original, but all of which together shall 
constitute one and the same instrument.

5.2     Except as expressly and specifically amended herein, all other 
provisions of the Agreement shall continue in full force and effect.

5.3     The First Amendment to Clinical Trial Collaboration Agreement dated 
effective June 15, 2014 is hereby terminated and replaced by this 
Amendment.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties hereto have caused this Amendment to be 
executed by their duly authorized representatives as of the Amendment 
Effective Date.
 
 
MEDTRONIC, INC., a Minnesota corporation
 
Date: September 9, 2014
By:
 
/s/ Richard L. Clark
 
 
 
Name: Richard L. Clark
 
 
 
Title: Senior Director Diagnostics
 
 
ARCA BIOPHARMA, INC., a Delaware corporation
 
Date: September 5, 2014
By:
 
/s/ Christopher Ozeroff
 
 
 
Christopher Ozeroff
 
 
 
SVP and General Counsel
 
 

 
3
 
[*] = Certain confidential information contained in this document, marked 
by brackets, is filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant 
to Rule 24b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended
------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
Exhibit A-1

[*]

 
4
 
[*] = Certain confidential information contained in this document, marked 
by brackets, is filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant 
to Rule 24b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended