 EX-10.2 3 filename3.htm
 
 
January 23, 2013
 
Michael Leabman
DvineWave Inc.
207 Veritas Court
San Ramon, CA 94582
 
    	Re:	         Engagement Letter for Strategic Consulting Services
 
Dear Mr. Leabman:
 
MDB Capital Group, LLC (together with its affiliates, “MDB”) is a financial 
and strategic advisory firm helping companies develop key assets and plans 
to support their business objectives. Our unique methodologies are intended 
to maximize returns on innovation and expand shareholder value through 
strategic consulting, corporate development, and innovation management. As 
a result of our working together, many clients use MDB’s brand to enhance 
their own brand as top innovators, realizing a sustainable competitive 
advantage in their respective fields.
 
We understand that DvineWave Inc. (together with its affiliates, 
subsidiaries, predecessors, and successors, the “Company”) is seeking the 
services provided by MDB, so as to build and maintain its overall corporate 
profile and to assist the Company in preparing for a possible IPO event 
towards the end of 2013. We are pleased to propose a program we believe is 
designed to enhance the Company’s valuation, develop the investor “story,” 
and set the foundation for long-term stakeholder value.
 
This letter agreement (the “Agreement”) confirms the terms and conditions 
that will govern the Company’s engagement of MDB to provide financial, 
strategic, and intellectual property advisory services (the “Engagement”).
 
1.          Services.
 
a.           Services Provided. MDB shall assist the Company with all 
aspects of its business, strategic, and intellectual property development, 
including:
 
BUSINESS STRATEGY ACTIVITIES
 
· 	Assessing the Company’s market landscape;
 
· 	Formulation of the Company’s business strategy;
 
· 	Formulation of the Company’s financial plan, including assessment of 
financing options;
 
· 	Defining technology milestones;
 
· 	Creating development and commercialization strategy;
 
· 	Identifying and recruiting key members of the management team and Board 
of Directors;
 

 

 

 
MDB Engagement Letter
January 23, 2013
p. 2 of 13
 
· 	Corporate structuring; and
 
· 	General corporate advice, as needed and requested.
 
IP RELATED ACTIVITIES
 
· 	Inventory and assessment of the Company’s intellectual property 
portfolio (the “Assets”), using PatentVest®, MDB’s proprietary IP business 
intelligence platform;
 
· 	Identification and evaluation of specific market or competitive issues 
pertaining to the Company’s intellectual property portfolio;
 
· 	Formulation of the Company’s IP strategy, including development of a 
comprehensive plan for invention prioritization and patent development;
 
· 	For each individual invention of the Company (an “Invention”), 
development of a clear strategy for Invention drafting and Invention family 
development roadmap;
 
· 	Preparation of a complete Invention package with technical disclosure 
documentation (each, a “Disclosure”) for use in the Company’s patent 
applications;
 
· 	Invention extraction;
 
· 	Identification of companies with intellectual property profiles best 
matching the Company’s portfolio and those which will likely have the 
greatest value for the Company’s portfolio;
 
· 	Selecting IP assets and companies for acquisition;
 
· 	Assessment of the monetization method which would be most appropriate 
for realizing the value of the Company’s current patent assets, including 
but not limited to full or partial patent sale, spin-out, additional 
financing, etc;
 
· 	Preparation of an internal valuation memorandum, with a valuation range 
predicated on the most likely monetization method, with tactical 
recommendations on realizing the portfolio value; and
 
· 	Access to PatentVest and MDB’s Patent Factory.
 
b.           Additional Services/Exclusions. It is expressly understood and 
agreed that MDB has not provided nor is undertaking to provide any advice 
to the Company relating to legal, regulatory, accounting, or tax matters. 
The services provided to the Company hereunder are designed to assist, but 
not replace, the Company’s own intellectual property counsel.
 
Should the Company request MDB to perform any services or act in any 
capacity not specifically addressed in this Agreement, such services or 
activities shall constitute separate engagements, the terms and conditions 
of which will be embodied in separate written agreement(s).
 
2.          Compensation. As consideration for the services provided under 
this Agreement, the Company will pay MDB a fee as follows:
 

 

 

 
MDB Engagement Letter
January 23, 2013
p. 3 of 13
 
a.           Warrant. Upon the consummation of the bridge loan (or similar 
bridge financing) contemplated by the Company and considered under the 
investment banking engagement agreement between the Company and MDB of 
approximate even date herewith (such engagement agreement, the “Engagement 
Agreement” and such bridge loan or similar bridge financing, the “Bridge 
Financing”), the Company shall sell to MDB, for the total amount of $1,500, 
a warrant, which may be issued in one or more instruments (the “Warrants”) 
to purchase an aggregate of shares of Company common stock (the “Common 
Stock”), in an amount equal to ten percent (10%) of the total issued and 
outstanding Common Stock of the Company after giving effect to the 
conversion of all options, warrants and other rights to acquire securities 
of the Company existing or issuable on conversion of then outstanding 
preferred stock, options, warrants or other convertible securities as at 
the time immediately prior to the consummation of the Bridge Financing. For 
the avoidance of doubt, without duplicating in whole or in part the warrant 
to be issued under the Engagement Agreement as a result of the Bridge 
Financing, the Warrants will entitle MDB is to purchase upon exercise 
thereof 10% of the fully diluted number of shares outstanding and that may 
be issued or issuable by the Company, pursuant to any form of agreement, 
arrangement or undertaking, immediately prior to the final consummation of 
the Bridge Financing, whether in one or more closings, treating all such 
closings as a single Bridge Financing. Such Warrants will be for a term of 
five (5) years at an exercise price of $0.01 per share, shall contain 
cashless exercise and anti-dilution provisions and representations and 
warranties normal and customary for warrants issued to placement agents or 
underwriters, and will not be callable or terminable prior to the 
expiration date. No adjustment will be made to the exercise price or number 
of shares underlying the Warrants in the event of subsequent financings. 
The Common Stock underlying the Warrants will have registration rights no 
less favorable than those granted to any other person, including 
“piggyback” registration rights on the registrations of the Company or 
demand registrations (voting with the other registrable securities to 
effect any such demand) by any later round of investors. The Company shall 
bear all costs and expenses of registration, including the filing and 
clearing of one or more registration statements. The Warrants may be issued 
to any persons or entities designated by MDB.
 
b.           Expenses. The Company shall fund MDB’s travel and other 
reasonable expenses related to the Engagement, including economy class air 
fare, business class accommodations, ground transportation, meals and 
incidentals, in connection with visits by the MDB team to the Company’s 
site. Prior to the Company securing bridge financing, if any, such expenses 
shall be limited to $10,000 (ten thousand dollars). After bridge or other 
financing is secured, the Company shall also promptly reimburse MDB for any 
expenses related to the Engagement that are approved by the Company in 
writing in advance, with such approval not to be unreasonably withheld.
 
c.           Payments. All payments to be made to MDB hereunder will be 
made in cash by wire transfer of immediately available U.S. funds. Except 
as expressly set forth herein, no fee payable to MDB hereunder shall be 
credited against any other fee due to MDB. The obligation to pay any fee or 
expense set forth herein shall be absolute and unconditional and shall not 
be subject to reduction by way of setoff, recoupment or counterclaim.
 
d.           Compensation Earned. All compensation to MDB provided under 
this Agreement will be deemed fully earned as of the date of the payment or 
issuance, which once paid or issued is not subject to return in whole or in 
part or subject to reduction or further limitation. The Company waives any 
and all rights of set off against the compensation provided for herein, 
including any securities underlying any Warrants.
 
3.          Representations and Warranties of the Company. The Company 
warrants and agrees that it is the true and rightful owner of all 
intellectual property rights in each of the Assets and Inventions submitted 
to MDB for analysis; that any and all technical Invention information 
provided to MDB may, to the actual knowledge of the officers of the 
Company, be transmitted across country borders subject to compliance with 
applicable export control and similar laws; and that no U.S. agency has 
suspended, revoked, or denied the Company’s export privileges.
 

 

 

 
MDB Engagement Letter
January 23, 2013
p. 4 of 13
 
4.          Term and Termination. MDB’s Engagement will commence upon the 
execution of this Agreement and shall continue in effect for a period of 
180 (one hundred eighty) days (the “Initial Term”). After the expiration of 
the Initial Term, the Agreement shall automatically renew and continue in 
effect until it is terminated by either party with thirty (30) days’ 
written notice to the other pursuant to Section 10. Upon termination of 
this Agreement for any reason, the rights and obligations of the parties 
hereunder shall terminate, except for the obligations set forth in Sections 
2-3 and 5-18, which shall survive termination.         
 
5.          Confidentiality. MDB acknowledges that in connection with the 
Engagement, the Company will provide MDB with information which the Company 
considers to be confidential, including its trade secrets (“Confidential 
Information”). MDB agrees to employ all reasonable efforts to keep the 
Confidential Information secret and confidential, using no less than the 
degree of care employed by MDB to preserve and safeguard its own 
confidential information, and shall not disclose or reveal the Confidential 
Information to anyone except its employees, consultants and contractors who 
have an obligation of confidentiality with MDB. MDB will not use the 
Confidential Information except in connection with its performance of 
services hereunder, unless disclosure is required by law, court order, or 
any government, regulatory or self-regulatory agency or body in the opinion 
of MDB’s counsel, in which event MDB will provide the Company with 
reasonable advance notice of such disclosure. “Confidential Information” 
does not include information which (a) was in the public domain or readily 
available to the trade or the public prior to the date of the disclosure; 
(b) becomes generally available to the public in any manner or form through 
no fault of MDB or its representatives; (c) was in MDB’s possession or 
readily available to MDB from another source not under obligation of 
secrecy to the Company prior to the disclosure; (d) is rightfully received 
by MDB from another source on a non-confidential basis; (e) is developed by 
or for MDB without reference to the Company’s Confidential Information; (f) 
is disclosed by Disclosing Party to an unaffiliated third party free of any 
obligation of confidence; or (g) is released for disclosure with the 
Company’s written consent. Notwithstanding any termination of this 
Agreement, MDB’s confidentiality obligations (1) in respect of any material 
that qualifies as a “Trade Secret” under the Uniform Trade Secrets Act 
(“UTSA”) shall survive in perpetuity under the UTSA until such information 
ceases to be a Trade Secret, and (2) in respect of any non-Trade Secret, 
for a period of two years from the date of disclosure.
 
6.          Indemnification. The Company hereby agrees to indemnify and 
hold harmless MDB Capital, its directors, officers, agents, employees, 
members, affiliates, subsidiaries, and counsel (collectively, the “MDB 
Indemnified Parties”) to the fullest extent permitted by law from and 
against any and all losses, claims, damages, expenses, or liabilities (or 
actions in respect thereof) (“Losses”), joint or several, to which they or 
any of them may become subject under any statute or at common law, and to 
reimburse such MDB Indemnified Parties for any reasonable legal or other 
expense (including but not limited to the cost of any investigation, 
preparation, response to third party subpoenas) incurred by them in 
connection with any litigation or administrative or regulatory action 
(“Proceeding”), whether pending or threatened, and whether or not resulting 
in any liability, insofar as such losses, claims, liabilities, or 
litigation arise out of or are based upon: the Company’s use or misuse 
(including use contrary to federal or state law) of the Disclosure(s), the 
Company’s breach of the Representations and Warranties contained in Section 
3 hereof, or any violation of U.S or other import or export controls; 
provided, however, that while the indemnity provisions herein shall include 
any and all claims regardless of whether MDB Capital’s sole negligence, 
active or passive, contributed to losses, they shall not apply to (i) 
amounts paid in settlement of any such litigation if such settlement is 
effected without the consent of the Company, which consent will not be 
unreasonably withheld, or (ii) Losses arising solely from the willful 
misconduct or gross negligence of MDB Indemnified Parties.
 
The provisions of this Section 6 shall survive any termination or 
expiration of this Agreement.
 

 

 

 
MDB Engagement Letter
January 23, 2013
p. 5 of 13
 
7.          Work Product and Announcements. MDB's advice shall be the sole 
proprietary work product and intellectual property of MDB, and such advice 
may not be disclosed, in whole or in part, to third parties other than the 
Company’s professional advisors without the prior written permission of 
MDB, unless such disclosure is required by law. Any document or information 
prepared by MDB in connection with this Engagement shall not be duplicated 
by the Company except as explicitly provided for hereunder or required by 
law. The Company acknowledges that MDB, at its option and expense, may 
place announcements and advertisements or otherwise publicize the 
Engagement (which may include the reproduction of the Company’s logo and a 
hyperlink to the Company’s website) on MDB’s website and in such financial 
and other newspapers and journals as it may choose.
 
8.          Limitation of Liability. MDB shall employ due care and 
attention in providing the services hereunder. However, the Company 
acknowledges that MDB does not warrant or represent the accuracy or 
completeness of any public information or any information provided solely 
by the Company used in any analysis and that inaccurate or incomplete data 
may affect the validity and reliability of MDB’s work product, including 
any draft patent Disclosures. Similarly, MDB makes no representation or 
warranty with respect to the non-infringement of any of the Assets or 
Inventions described in the Disclosure(s). MDB makes no warranty, 
representation, promise, or undertaking with respect to any legal or 
financial consequences of, or any other consequences or benefits obtained 
from the use of any work product hereunder, including the Disclosure(s), 
including any representation that any patent(s) will be granted. The 
Company assumes all risks related to documentation or technical information 
and data which may be subject to U.S. export controls or export or import 
restrictions in other countries. MDB SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIMS ANY OTHER 
WARRANTY, EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING ANY WARRANTY OF 
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. MDB SHALL NOT BE 
LIABLE ON ACCOUNT OF ANY ERRORS, OMISSIONS, DELAYS, OR LOSSES UNLESS CAUSED 
BY ITS GROSS NEGLIGENCE OR WILLFUL MISCONDUCT. To the fullest extent 
permitted by law, NEITHER MDB NOR any of its controlling persons, 
affiliates, directors, officers, employees or consultants will be liable 
for any loss, damage or injury (including without limitation lost profits, 
indirect, special, or consequential damages) alleged to be caused by use of 
the Disclosure(s) OR OTHER SERVICES PROVIDED HEREUNDER. MDB’S LIABILITY 
ARISING UNDER THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE LIMITED TO THE AMOUNTS PAID BY THE 
COMPANY TO MDB WITH REGARD TO THE PROVISION OF THE SPECIFIC SERVICES THAT 
GAVE RISE TO THE CLAIM OF LIABILITY, BUT IN NO EVENT WILL SUCH LIABILITY 
EXCEED THE TOTAL AMOUNT ACTUALLY PAID TO MDB PURSUANT TO SECTION 2.
 
9.          Other Transactions; Disclaimers. The Company acknowledges that 
MDB is engaged in a wide range of investing, investment banking and other 
activities (including investment management, corporate finance, securities 
issuance, trading and research and brokerage activities) from which 
conflicting interests or duties, or the appearance thereof, may arise. 
Information held elsewhere within MDB but not accessible (absent a breach 
of internal procedures) to its investment banking personnel providing 
services to the Company will not under any circumstances affect MDB’s 
responsibilities to the Company hereunder. The Company further acknowledges 
that MDB and its affiliates have and may continue to have investment 
banking, broker-dealer and other relationships with parties other than the 
Company pursuant to which MDB may acquire information of interest to the 
Company. MDB shall have no obligation to disclose to the Company or to use 
for the Company’s benefit any such non-public information or other 
information acquired in the course of engaging in any other transaction (on 
MDB’s own account or otherwise) or otherwise carrying on the business of 
MDB. The Company further acknowledges that from time to time MDB’s 
independent research department may publish research reports or other 
materials, the substance and/or timing of which may conflict with the views 
or advice of MDB’s investment banking department and/or which may have an 
adverse effect on the Company’s interests in connection with the 
transactions contemplated hereby or otherwise. In addition, the Company 
acknowledges that, in the ordinary course of business, MDB may trade the 
securities of the Company for its own account and for the accounts of its 
customers, and may at any time hold a long or short position in such 
securities. MDB shall nonetheless remain fully responsible for compliance 
with federal securities laws in connection with such activities.
 

 

 

 
MDB Engagement Letter
January 23, 2013
p. 6 of 13
 
The Company further acknowledges and agrees that MDB will act solely as an 
independent contractor hereunder, and that MDB’s responsibility to the 
Company is solely contractual in nature and that MDB does not owe the 
Company or any other person or entity, including but not limited to its 
shareholders, any fiduciary or similar duty as a result of the Engagement 
or otherwise.
 
10.         Notice. All notices, demands, and other communications to given 
pursuant to this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be personally 
delivered, sent by overnight delivery using a nationally recognized courier 
service, sent by facsimile transmission, or emailed. Notice shall be deemed 
received: (a) if personally delivered, upon the date of delivery to the 
address of the receiving party; (b) if sent by overnight courier, the date 
actually received by the recipient; (c) if sent by facsimile or email, when 
sent. The parties will each promptly notify the other of any changes to the 
following contact information.
 
Notices to MDB shall be sent to: 	  	Notices to the Company shall be sent 
to:
  	  	 
MDB Capital Group, LLC 	  	DvineWave Inc.
Attn: Anthony DiGiandomenico 	  	207 Veritas Court
401 Wilshire Blvd., Suite 1020 	  	San Ramon, CA 94582
Santa Monica, California 90401 	  	Attn: Michael Leabman
Fax: (310) 526-5020 	  	 
Email: d@mdb.com 	  	 
  	  	 
  	  	With a copy to Company counsel at:
  	  	 
  	  	Much Shelist, P.C.
  	  	191 North Wacker Drive, Suite 1800
  	  	Chicago, IL 60606
  	  	Reference #10484
 
	 11.        	Complete Agreement; Amendments; Assignment. This Agreement 
sets forth the entire understanding of the parties relating to the subject 
matter hereof and supersedes and cancels any prior communications, 
understandings and agreements, whether oral or written, between MDB and the 
Company. This Agreement may not be amended or modified except in writing. 
The rights of MDB hereunder shall be freely assignable to any affiliate of 
MDB, and this Agreement shall apply to, inure to the benefit of and be 
binding upon and enforceable against the parties and their respective 
successors and assigns.
 
	12.        	Third Party Beneficiaries. This Agreement is intended solely 
for the benefit of the parties hereto and, with the exception of the rights 
and benefits conferred upon the Indemnified Parties by Section 6 of this 
Agreement, shall not be deemed or interpreted to confer any rights upon any 
third parties.
 
13.         Governing Law; Jurisdiction; Venue. All aspects of the 
relationship created by this Agreement shall be governed by and construed 
in accordance with the laws of the State of California, applicable to 
contracts made and to be performed in California, without regard to its 
conflicts of laws provisions. All actions and proceedings which are not 
submitted to arbitration pursuant to Section 14 hereof shall be heard and 
determined exclusively in the state and federal courts located in the 
County of Los Angeles, State of California, and the Company and MDB hereby 
submit to the jurisdiction of such courts and irrevocably waive any defense 
or objection to such forum, on forum non conveniens grounds or otherwise. 
The parties agree to accept service of process by mail, to their principal 
business address, addressed to the chief executive officer and secretary 
thereof. The parties hereby agree that this Section 13 shall survive the 
termination and/or expiration of this Agreement. Each of the Company and 
MDB will use commercially reasonable efforts to cooperate in connection 
with a reasonable request of the other to provide information to facilitate 
compliance with applicable law and regulation in connection with their 
respective performance under this Agreement.
 

 

 

 
MDB Engagement Letter
January 23, 2013
p. 7 of 13
 
14.         Arbitration. Any dispute, claim or controversy arising out of 
or relating to this Agreement or the breach, termination, enforcement, 
interpretation or validity thereof, including the determination of the 
scope or applicability of this agreement to arbitrate, shall be determined 
by arbitration before one arbitrator in Los Angeles (with the exception of 
claims to enforce the indemnity provision contained herein, which may, at 
the option of the party seeking relief, be submitted either to arbitration 
or to any court of competent jurisdiction). The arbitration shall be 
administered by JAMS pursuant to its Streamlined Arbitration Rules and 
Procedures, unless the parties are required to arbitrate by FINRA Rule 
12200 subsection (2), in which event the matter shall be submitted to FINRA 
Dispute Resolution pursuant to its Code of Arbitration Procedure for 
Customer Disputes. Judgment on the Award may be entered in any court having 
jurisdiction. This clause shall not preclude parties from seeking 
provisional remedies in aid of arbitration from a court of appropriate 
jurisdiction.
 
The arbitrator may, in the Award, allocate all or part of the costs of the 
arbitration, including the fees of the arbitrator and the reasonable 
attorneys’ fees of the prevailing party.
 
The parties hereby agree that this Section 14 shall survive the termination 
and/or expiration of this Agreement.
 
The Company’s and MDB’s consent to Arbitration are confirmed by initialing 
below:
 
  	  	 
Company 	  	MDB
 
15.         Severability. Should any one or more covenants, restrictions 
and provisions contained in this Agreement be held for any reason to be 
void, invalid or unenforceable, in whole or in part, such unenforceability 
will not affect the validity of any other term of this Agreement, and the 
invalid provision will be binding to the fullest extent permitted by law 
and will be deemed amended and construed so as to meet this intent. To the 
extent any provision cannot be so amended or construed as a matter of law, 
the validity of the remaining provisions shall be deemed unaffected and the 
illegal or invalid provision will be deemed stricken from this Agreement.
 
16.         Section Headings. The section headings herein are for 
convenience of reference only, and shall not limit or otherwise affect the 
meaning hereof.
 
17.         Accounting. Any calculation, computation or accounting that may 
be required under this Agreement shall be made in accordance and conformity 
with the Generally Accepted Accounting Principles and other standards as 
determined by the Financial Accounting Standards board and regulatory 
agencies with appropriate jurisdiction.
 
18.         Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed via facsimile 
transmission and may be executed in separate counterparts, each of which 
shall be deemed to be an original and all of which together shall 
constitute a single instrument.
 
19.         Patriot Act. MDB hereby notifies the Company that pursuant to 
the requirements of the USA PATRIOT ACT (the “Patriot Act”), it is required 
to obtain, verify and record information that identifies the Company in a 
manner that satisfies the requirements of the Patriot Act. This notice is 
given in accordance with the requirements of the Patriot Act.
 

 

 

 
MDB Engagement Letter
January 23, 2013
p. 8 of 13
 
If the above accords with your understanding and agreement, kindly indicate 
your consent hereto by signing below. We look forward to a long and 
successful relationship with you.
 
  	Very truly yours,
  	 
  	MDB CAPITAL GROUP LLC
  	 
  	/s/ Anthony DiGiandomenico
  	By:         Anthony DiGiandomenico, Partner
  	                Head of Investment Banking
 
ACCEPTED AND AGREED TO
AS OF THE DATE FIRST ABOVE WRITTEN:
 
DvineWave Inc.
 
/s/ Michael Leabman 	 
By: 	Michael Leabman 	 
  	President 	 
 

 

 