 EX-10.3 4 ex103chaseparkcompletiongu.htm EXHIBIT


EXHIBIT 10.3




AGREEMENT OF GUARANTY AND SURETYSHIP 
(COMPLETION)


THIS AGREEMENT OF GUARANTY AND SURETYSHIP (this “Guaranty”) is made as of 
the 11th day of August, 2014, by BEHRINGER HARVARD OPPORTUNITY REIT I, INC.
, a Maryland corporation (the “Guarantor”), jointly and severally, to and 
for the benefit of GREAT AMERICAN LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY, an Ohio 
corporation, its successors and assigns (the “Lender”).


RECITALS:


A.    As more fully provided in that certain Deed of Trust, Fixture Filing, 
Assignment of Rents and Security Agreement (“Deed of Trust”) of even date 
herewith by and between CHASE PARK PLAZA, LLC, a Delaware limited liability 
company (the “Borrower”) and Lender, Lender has agreed to make a loan to 
the Borrower in the original principal amount of $62,500,000.00 (the “Loan
”).


B.    The Loan is evidenced by that certain Promissory Note of even date 
herewith given by Borrower to Lender in the stated original principal 
amount of $62,500,000.00 (as the same may be amended, supplemented, renewed 
or replaced from time to time, the “Note”).


C.    Guarantor will benefit directly and substantially from the making of 
the Loan.


D.    The execution and delivery of this Guaranty is a condition precedent 
to Lender's making the Loan.


NOW, THEREFORE, to induce Lender to make the Loan and for other good and 
valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which is hereby 
acknowledged, and intending to be legally bound, each Guarantor hereby 
covenants and agrees as follows:


1.Defined Terms. Unless otherwise defined herein, all capitalized terms 
herein shall have the meanings ascribed to them in the Deed of Trust.


2.    Guaranty of Completion; Limitation on Obligations; Termination of 
Obligations.


(a)      Guarantor hereby unconditionally guarantees and becomes surety as 
though it were a primary obligor for all of the following (hereinafter 
collectively referred to as the “Guaranteed Obligations”):


      (i)        Borrower shall construct, equip and complete the Required
      Room Renovations (as such term is defined in Section 2.33 of the Deed
      of Trust) pursuant to and in accordance with the Deed of Trust (“
      Completion Guaranty Improvements”), and shall timely pay, perform and
      discharge all costs, expenses, liabilities and obligations with
      respect to such construction, equipping and completion;


      (ii)        Borrower shall at all times keep the Property free and
      clear of all liens and claims which may arise from or in any way
      relate to the construction, equipping and completion of the
      Completion Guaranty Improvements, including, without limitation,
      liens and claims of any and all persons and entities performing labor
      or furnishing materials, or both, with respect to the Completion
      Guaranty Improvements; and


114560.00401/12413104v.6
------------------------------------------------------------------------


EXHIBIT 10.3



      (iii)        Borrower shall promptly discharge all other obligations,
      liabilities, costs and expenses relating to the timely completion of
      the Completion Guaranty Improvements.


(b)    Guarantor unconditionally and irrevocably covenants and agrees that, 
to the extent Borrower fails to do so, they shall timely, at their sole 
cost and expense:


      (i)        perform, complete and discharge the covenants,
      obligations, liabilities, costs and expenses referred to in, and in
      accordance with, subparagraph (a)(i) above; and;


      (ii)        remove all liens and satisfy all claims which may arise
      from or in any way relate to the construction, equipping or
      completion of the Completion Guaranty Improvements, including,
      without limitation, the liens and claims of any and all persons and
      entities performing labor or furnishing materials, or both, with
      respect thereto;


      (iii)        discharge the obligations, liabilities, costs and
      expenses referred to in, and in accordance with, subparagraph
      (a)(iii) above; and


      (iv)        pay all other costs and expenses related to the
      completion of the Completion Guaranty Improvements, including all
      expenses incurred by or on behalf of Lender and all monies advanced
      by Lender, at its option, to timely secure, protect, partially
      complete or complete in full the Completion Guaranty Improvements.


(a)    Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in this Guaranty, 
in no event will Guarantor be required to pay more than Six Million Five 
Hundred Thousand Dollars ($6,500,000) in satisfaction of its liabilities 
under this Guaranty.


(b)    Guarantor acknowledges and agrees that its obligations hereunder are 
separate and distinct from, and in addition to, Guarantor’s obligations 
under that certain Indemnity, Guaranty and Suretyship Agreement of even 
date herewith given from Guarantor to Lender.


(c)    This Guaranty shall terminate automatically and be of no further 
force and effect upon the completion and performance of the Completion 
Guaranty Improvements (i.e. the completion of the Required Room 
Renovations) pursuant to and in accordance with Section 2.33 of the Deed of 
Trust. If requested by Guarantor, after completion and performance of the 
Completion Guaranty Improvements, Lender shall execute and deliver to 
Guarantor a release, in form and substance acceptable to Lender, evidencing 
the termination of this Guaranty.


3.    Agreement to Perform. Guarantor agrees to perform the Guaranteed 
Obligations as required hereunder upon demand of Lender. Guarantor agrees 
to perform the Guaranteed Obligations irrespective of whether any one or 
more of the following events has occurred: (i) Lender has made any demand 
on the Borrower other than any notice specifically required under the Loan 
Documents; (ii) Lender has taken any action of any nature against the 
Borrower pursuant to and in accordance with the Loan Documents; (iii) 
Lender has pursued any rights which it has against any other person or 
entity who may be liable for the Guaranteed Obligations; (iv) Lender holds 
or has resorted to any security for the Guaranteed Obligations; or (v) 
Lender has invoked any other remedy or right it has available with respect 
to the Guaranteed Obligations. Guarantor further agrees to perform the 
Guaranteed Obligations and make all payments required in connection 
therewith even if circumstances exist (other than payment and performance 
in full of the Guaranteed Obligations) which otherwise constitute a legal 
discharge of Guarantor as surety or guarantor.

2

 
 
 

114560.00401/12413104v.6
------------------------------------------------------------------------


EXHIBIT 10.3



4.    No Other Agreement, Defense. Guarantor warrants to Lender that: (i) 
no other agreement, representation or special condition exists between 
Guarantor and Lender regarding the liability of Guarantor hereunder, nor 
does any understanding exist between Guarantor and Lender that the 
obligations of Guarantor hereunder are or will be other than as set forth 
herein; and (ii) as of the date hereof, Guarantor has no defense whatsoever 
to any action or proceeding that may be brought to enforce this Guaranty.


5.    No Right of Subrogation. Until the Loan has been indefeasibly paid in 
full, Guarantor waives and agrees not to enforce any claim, right or remedy 
which Guarantor may now have or hereafter acquires against the Borrower 
that arises hereunder and/or from the payment or performance by Guarantor 
of the Guaranteed Obligations, whether or not any such claim, right or 
remedy arises in equity, under contract, by statute or otherwise, 
including, without limitation, (i) any right of Guarantor to be subrogated 
in whole or in part to any claim, right or remedy of Lender; (ii) any 
claim, right or remedy of reimbursement, exoneration, contribution or 
indemnification from the Borrower or participation in any claim, right or 
remedy of Lender against the Borrower, any security which Lender now has or 
hereafter acquires; and (iii) any right to require the marshalling of 
assets of the Borrower. Guarantor acknowledges that it will receive direct 
and indirect benefits from the financing arrangements contemplated by the 
Deed of Trust and that the waivers set forth in this Paragraph are 
knowingly made in contemplation of such benefits.


6.    Waiver of Notice. Guarantor waives any and all notice (other than as 
specifically set forth herein) with respect to: (i) acceptance by Lender of 
this Guaranty or any of the Loan Documents; and (ii) the provisions of any 
of the Loan Documents or any other instrument or agreement relating to the 
Guaranteed Obligations; and (iii) any default in connection with the 
Guaranteed Obligations.


7.    Waiver of Presentment, Etc. Guarantor waives any presentment, demand, 
notice of dishonor or nonpayment, protest and notice of protest in 
connection with the Guaranteed Obligations.


8.    Lender's Rights. Guarantor agrees that Lender may from time to time 
and as many times as Lender, in its sole discretion, deems appropriate, do 
any of the following without notice to Guarantor and without adversely 
affecting the validity or enforceability of this Guaranty: (i) release, 
surrender, exchange, compromise or settle the Guaranteed Obligations or any 
portion thereof; (ii) change, renew, or waive the terms of the Guaranteed 
Obligations or any portion thereof; (iii) change, renew, or waive the 
terms, including, without limitation, the rate of interest charged to the 
Borrower, of any note, instrument, or agreement relating to the Guaranteed 
Obligations or any portion thereof; (iv) grant any extension or indulgence 
with respect to the payment or performance of the Guaranteed Obligations or 
any part thereof; (v) enter into any agreement of forbearance with respect 
to the Guaranteed Obligations, or any part thereof; (vi) sell, release, 
surrender, exchange or compromise any security held by Lender for any of 
the Guaranteed Obligations; (vii) release any person or entity that is a 
guarantor or surety or who has agreed to purchase the Guaranteed 
Obligations or any portion thereof; (viii) release, surrender, exchange or 
compromise any security or lien held by Lender for the liabilities of any 
person or entity that is a guarantor or surety for the Guaranteed 
Obligations or any portion thereof; and (ix) settle, release, adjust or 
compromise any claim of Lender against the Borrower or any other person 
secondarily or otherwise liable, including but not limited to any other 
guarantors or sureties of the Guaranteed Obligations. Guarantor agrees that 
Lender may do any of the above as it deems necessary or advisable, in its 
sole discretion, without giving any notice to Guarantor and that Guarantor 
will remain liable for full payment and performance of the Guaranteed 
Obligations.


9.    Representations and Warranties. Guarantor hereby makes the following 
representations and warranties:


(a)    this Guaranty constitutes the legal, valid and binding obligation of 
Guarantor, enforceable against it and his/its successors and assigns in 
accordance with its terms;

3

 
 
 

114560.00401/12413104v.6
------------------------------------------------------------------------


EXHIBIT 10.3



(b)    Guarantor has requisite power and authority to enter into, execute, 
deliver and carry out this Guaranty and to perform his/its obligations 
hereunder and all such actions have been duly authorized by all necessary 
proceedings; and


(c)    the execution and delivery of this Guaranty and the consummation of 
the transactions herein contemplated or compliance with the terms and 
provisions hereof by Guarantor will not conflict with, constitute a default 
under, result in any breach of or violate the partnership agreements any 
material agreement or instrument to which Guarantor is bound or any 
Governmental Requirements.


10.    Sealed Instrument. Guarantor recognizes that this Guaranty when 
executed constitutes a sealed instrument and as a result the instrument 
will be enforceable as such without regard to any statute of limitations 
which might otherwise be applicable and without regard to consideration.


11.    Notices. Guarantor agrees that all notices, statements, requests, 
demands and other communications made pursuant to or under this Guaranty 
shall be made in the manner set forth in the Deed of Trust and if sent to 
Guarantor, to each of their respective addresses listed under their 
signatures, below, and if sent to Lender, to the address set forth in the 
Deed of Trust.


12.    Entire Agreement; Modification. This Guaranty is the entire 
agreement between the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter 
hereof, and supersedes and replaces all prior discussions, representations, 
communications and agreements (oral or written). This Guaranty shall not be 
modified, supplemented, or terminated, nor any provision hereof waived, 
except by a written instrument signed by the party against whom enforcement 
thereof is sought, and then only to the extent expressly set forth in such 
writing.


13.    Binding Effect; Joint and Several Obligations. This Guaranty is 
binding upon and inures to the benefit of Guarantor, Lender and their 
respective heirs, executors, legal representatives, successors, and 
assigns, whether by voluntary action of the parties or by operation of law. 
Guarantor may not delegate or transfer his/its obligations under this 
Guaranty. If there is more than one Guarantor, each Guarantor shall be 
jointly and severally liable for all liability and obligations, including 
without limitation the Guaranteed Obligations, hereunder.


14.    Unenforceable Provisions. Any provision of this Guaranty which is 
determined by a court of competent jurisdiction or government body to be 
invalid, unenforceable or illegal shall be ineffective only to the extent 
of such determination and shall not affect the validity, enforceability or 
legality of any other provision, nor shall such determination apply in any 
circumstance or to any party not controlled by such determination.


15.    Duplicate Originals; Counterparts. This Guaranty may be executed in 
any number of duplicate originals, and each duplicate original shall be 
deemed to be an original. This Guaranty (and each duplicate original) also 
may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall be 
deemed an original and all of which together constitute a fully executed 
Guaranty even though all signatures do not appear on the same document.


16.    Construction of Certain Terms. Defined terms used in this Guaranty 
may be used interchangeably in singular or plural form, and pronouns shall 
be construed to cover all genders. Article and section headings are for 
convenience only and shall not be used in interpretation of this Guaranty. 
The words “herein,” “hereof” and “hereunder” and other words of similar 
import refer to this Guaranty as a whole and not to any particular section, 
paragraph or other subdivision; and the word “section” refers to the entire 
section and not to any particular subsection, paragraph of other 
subdivision; and “Guaranty” and each of the

4

 
 
 

114560.00401/12413104v.6
------------------------------------------------------------------------


EXHIBIT 10.3



Loan Documents referred to herein mean the agreement as originally executed 
and as hereafter modified, supplemented, extended, consolidated, or 
restated from time to time.


17.    Remedies Not Exclusive. Guarantor agrees that the enumeration of 
Lender’s rights and remedies set forth in this Guaranty is not intended to 
be exhaustive and the exercise by Lender of any right or remedy shall not 
preclude the exercise of any other rights or remedies, all of which shall 
be cumulative and shall be in addition to any other right or remedy given 
hereunder or under any other agreement among the parties to the Loan 
Documents or which may now or hereafter exist at law or in equity or by 
suit or otherwise.


18.    No Waiver. Guarantor agrees that no failure on the part of Lender to 
exercise any of its rights under this Guaranty shall be a waiver of such 
rights or a waiver of any default by Guarantor. Guarantor further agrees 
that each written waiver shall extend only to the specific instance 
actually recited in such written waiver and shall not impair the rights of 
Lender in any other respect.


19.    Costs. Guarantor agrees to pay all costs and expenses, including 
reasonable attorneys’ fees, incurred by Lender in enforcing this Guaranty 
against Guarantor.


20.    No Election of Remedies. Guarantor acknowledges that Lender may, in 
its sole discretion, elect to enforce this Guaranty for the total 
Obligations or any part thereof against Guarantor without any duty or 
responsibility to pursue any other person or entity and that such an 
election by Lender shall not be a defense to any action Lender may elect to 
take against Guarantor.


21.    Governing Law. The construction, validity and performance of this 
Guaranty and the obligations arising hereunder shall be governed by, and 
construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of Ohio applicable to 
contracts made and performed in such State (without regard to principles of 
conflict of laws) and any applicable law of the United States of America. 
To the fullest extent permitted by law, Guarantor hereby unconditionally 
and irrevocably waives any claim to assert that the law of any other 
jurisdiction governs this Guaranty.


22.    Jurisdiction. GUARANTOR HEREBY IRREVOCABLY CONSENTS TO THE EXCLUSIVE 
JURISDICTION OF ANY STATE OR FEDERAL COURT IN OHIO, AND WAIVES PERSONAL 
SERVICE OF ANY AND ALL PROCESS UPON HIM AND AGREES THAT ALL SUCH SERVICE OF 
PROCESS BE MADE BY CERTIFIED OR REGISTERED MAIL DIRECTED TO GUARANTOR AT 
THE ADDRESS SET FORTH ON THE SIGNATURE PAGE HEREOF AND SERVICE SO MADE 
SHALL BE DEEMED TO BE COMPLETED UPON ACTUAL RECEIPT THEREOF. GUARANTOR 
WAIVES ANY OBJECTION TO JURISDICTION AND VENUE OF ANY ACTION INSTITUTED 
AGAINST HIM AS PROVIDED HEREIN AND AGREES NOT TO ASSERT ANY DEFENSE BASED 
ON LACK OF JURISDICTION OR VENUE. GUARANTOR ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT 
THE VENUE PROVIDED ABOVE IS THE MOST CONVENIENT FORUM FOR LENDER, BORROWER 
AND GUARANTOR. NOTHING CONTAINED HEREIN SHALL PREVENT LENDER FROM BRINGING 
ANY ACTION, ENFORCING ANY AWARD OR JUDGMENT OR EXERCISING ANY RIGHTS 
AGAINST ANY PARTY INDIVIDUALLY, AGAINST ANY SECURITY OR AGAINST ANY 
PROPERTY OF ANY PARTY WITHIN ANY OTHER COUNTY, STATE OR OTHER FOREIGN OR 
DOMESTIC JURISDICTION.


23.    Jury Trial Waiver. GUARANTOR AND LENDER WAIVE THE RIGHT TO A TRIAL 
BY JURY IN ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING BASED UPON OR RELATED TO THE SUBJECT 
MATTER OF THIS GUARANTY OR ANY OF THE OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS OR ANY OF THE 
TRANSACTIONS RELATED TO ANY OF THE LOAN DOCUMENTS. THIS WAIVER IS 
KNOWINGLY, INTENTIONALLY AND VOLUNTARILY MADE BY EACH PARTY AND EACH

5

 
 
 

114560.00401/12413104v.6
------------------------------------------------------------------------


EXHIBIT 10.3



PARTY ACKNOWLEDGES THAT NEITHER THE OTHER NOR ANY PERSON ACTING ON BEHALF 
OF THE OTHER HAS OR HAVE MADE ANY REPRESENTATIONS OF FACT TO INDUCE THIS 
WAIVER OF TRIAL BY JURY OR IN ANY WAY TO MODIFY OR NULLIFY ITS EFFECT. 
GUARANTOR AND LENDER EACH FURTHER ACKNOWLEDGES THAT IT HAS BEEN REPRESENTED 
(OR HAS HAD THE OPPORTUNITY TO BE REPRESENTED) IN THE SIGNING OF THIS 
GUARANTY AND IN THE MAKING OF THIS WAIVER BY INDEPENDENT LEGAL COUNSEL, 
SELECTED OF ITS OWN FREE WILL AND THAT IT HAS HAD THE OPPORTUNITY TO 
DISCUSS THIS WAIVER WITH COUNSEL.

 [Remainder of page is blank; signatures appear on next page]

6

 
 
 

114560.00401/12413104v.6
------------------------------------------------------------------------


EXHIBIT 10.3

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has executed and delivered this 
Guaranty, under seal.

                  GUARANTOR:

                        BEHRINGER HARVARD OPPORTUNITY REIT I, INC., a
                        Maryland corporation




                        By: /s/ Michael J. O’Hanlon                   
                        Name: Michael J.O’Hanlon                
                        Title: Chief Executive Officer                    


                  Notice Address:

                  15601 Dallas Parkway, Suite 600
                  Addison, Texas 75001-6026
                  Attn: Chief Legal Officer
                   


 
STATE OF                         :
:ss
COUNTY OF                         :

On this, the 8 day of August, 2014, before me, a Notary Public in and for 
the State of Texas, the undersigned officer, personally appeared Michael J. 
O’Hanlon, who acknowledged himself to be the Chief Executive Officer of 
BEHRINGER HARVARD OPPORTUNITY REIT I, INC. and that he, as such Chief 
Executive Officer, being authorized to do so, executed the forgoing 
Instrument on behalf of the said corporation.
 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, I hereunto set my hand and Notarial seal.


My Commission Expires:                    /s/Linda Perkins
February 19, 2018                        NOTARY PUBLIC
                                

[NOTARIAL SEAL]
 
 


Chase Park Guaranty of Completion (Required Renovations)
 
 

114560.00401/12413104v.6