 EX-10.1 2 v392905_ex10-1.htm EXHIBIT 10.1
Exhibit 10.1
 
 
Amended and restated
EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT
 
THIS AMENDED AND RESTATED EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT (this “Agreement”), dated as 
of September 16, 2014, is entered into by and between CARTESIAN, INC., a 
Delaware corporation, f/k/a The Management Network Group, Inc. (the “
Company”), with offices at 7300 College Boulevard – Suite 302, Overland 
Park, Kansas 66210, and DONALD E. KLUMB, an individual (“Employee”), 
residing at 12617 Juniper Circle, Leawood, Kansas 66209.
 
RECITALS
 
The Company wishes to obtain the services of Employee and Employee wishes 
to perform such services on the terms and conditions contained herein.
 
Therefore, the parties hereby agree as follows:
 
1.           EMPLOYMENT. Subject to the terms and conditions of this 
Agreement, effective as of September 16, 2014 (the “Effective Date”), the 
Company hereby continues to employ Employee as Chief Executive Officer, 
President and Chief Financial Officer of the Company to perform the duties 
described in Section 4 hereof.
 
2.           TERM. The term of this Agreement shall continue through 
February 2, 2015, unless such term is terminated earlier pursuant to 
Section 7 hereof (the “Initial Term”). The Agreement shall automatically 
renew for successive one-year renewal terms unless either party gives the 
other party at least sixty (60) days advance notice of their intent not to 
renew (“Notice of Non-Renewal”). Such Initial Term and any such renewal 
terms may be collectively referred to as the “Term”.
 
3.           COMPENSATION.
 
    3.1           Salary. Subject to the adjustment provisions herein,
    Employee shall be paid biweekly installments based upon an annual base
    salary of $350,000. The Company may adjust Employee’s base salary at
    any time in its sole discretion to reflect Employee’s performance; 
    provided, however, that Employee’s base salary shall at no time be less
    than the minimum base salary set forth in the first sentence of this
    paragraph. Amounts paid pursuant to this Section 3.1 are hereinafter
    referred to as “Base Salary.”
     
    3.2           Bonus. In addition to Employee’s Base Salary, Employee
    shall be: (a) entitled to receive an incentive bonus in an amount which
    may be determined by the Board provided that Employee achieves the
    reasonable performance goals and objectives established by the Board
    for Employee for any given year in the Term; and (b) eligible to
    participate in the Company’s bonus pool for the Company’s executive
    officers which may be established for any given year in the Term
    pursuant to the executive incentive compensation plan, as duly approved
    by the Compensation Committee of the Board. For any given year in the
    Term for which the bonus pool is established, the Board shall establish
    for the year the amount of the bonus pool and the reasonable
    performance goals to be achieved as a condition to the Company’s
    eligible executives being entitled to the bonus pool pursuant to the
    executive incentive compensation plan. The annual performance goals
    related to the bonus pool shall be based upon the Company’s overall
    performance or the other factors specified in the plan and established
    as performance goals for the applicable year. The Board and Employee
    shall agree upon those executive employees of the Company, in addition
    to Employee, who are eligible to participate in the executive incentive
    compensation plan. Employee shall determine the allocation of the bonus
    pool among eligible participants, subject to approval of the Board. To
    the extent that any amounts are intended to qualify for the "qualified
    performance-based compensation" exception under Section 162(m) of the
    Code (as defined below), the Board and Employee may agree upon
    different procedures for implementing the bonus pool in order to
    attempt to qualify for such exception. The individual incentive bonus
    for Employee and Employee’s allocable portion of the bonus pool as
    described herein are referred to as the “Bonus.” In order to be
    eligible to receive a Bonus, Employee must be employed by the Company
    on the last day of the applicable fiscal year for which the performance
    goals are established. The Bonus, if any, shall be paid within two and
    one-half months after the end of the applicable fiscal year.
     

 

 

     
    3.3           Other Compensation. The Compensation Committee of the
    Board shall periodically (and in any event, annually) review Employee’s
    compensation and recommend to the Board of Directors for its
    consideration such modifications, if any, to such compensation as the
    committee determines may be appropriate for the Chief Executive
    Officer, President and Chief Financial Officer of the Company. In
    connection with such process, the Compensation Committee may recommend
    that the Board consider extraordinary bonuses and other forms of
    compensation for Employee.
     
    3.4           Equity Awards. Upon dissolution of the special committee
    of the Board and at such time as permissible in accordance with
    applicable rules and regulations of the U.S. Securities and Exchange
    Commission, the Board will evaluate and determine whether to grant to
    Employee non-qualified stock options and/or shares of restricted stock
    in the Company or such other equity awards as the Board determines.
     
4.           DUTIES. Employee shall, during the term hereof, be an officer 
of the Company and have the title of Chief Executive Officer, President and 
Chief Financial Officer of the Company, and shall perform such duties as 
and have such authority as are customary and usual for such position and as 
may reasonably be directed by the Board of the Company. Without limiting 
the generality of the foregoing:
 
    4.1           Full Time. Employee shall devote Employee’s full working
    time, ability and attention to the business of the Company and shall,
    in accordance with the highest ethical and professional standards, seek
    to maximize the financial success of the Company’s business and to
    optimize the goodwill and reputation of the Company within its industry
    and with its customers. During the term of this Agreement, Employee
    agrees that he will not become involved in the active ownership or
    management of any business enterprise that will interfere with the
    performance of his duties hereunder. Employee further warrants that he
    will not engage, directly or indirectly, in any other business activity
    (whether or not pursued for pecuniary advantage) that is or may be in
    conflict with, or that might place him in a conflicting position to,
    that of the Company. So that the Company may be aware of the extent of
    any other demands upon Employee’s time and attention, Employee shall
    disclose in confidence to the Company the nature and scope of any other
    business activity in which he is or becomes engaged during his
    employment with the Company. Employee also warrants that he is not a
    party to any valid or binding agreement or legal relationship whose
    performance or execution would interfere with the performance of his
    duties under this Agreement. Employee may serve as a director of other
    corporations or entities with the prior approval of the Board, which
    approval will not be unreasonably withheld.
     

2

 

     
    4.2           Reporting. Employee shall report to the Executive
    Chairman of the Board of the Company, or at such time as there is no
    longer an Executive Chairman of the Board, to the Board.
     
5.           EXPENSES. Subject to such rules and procedures as the Company 
from time to time specifies, the Company shall reimburse Employee on a 
bi-weekly basis for reasonable business expenses necessarily incurred in 
the performance of duties under this Agreement.
 
6.           BENEFITS. Except as otherwise set forth herein, Employee shall 
be entitled to fringe benefits and paid time off as set forth below.
 
    6.1           Participation in Employee Benefit Plans. Employee shall
    be eligible to participate in any health, disability, and group term
    life insurance plans or other perquisites and fringe benefits that the
    Company extends generally from time to time to the executive officers
    of the Company. These benefits described in this Section 6.1 are
    collectively referred to herein as “Fringe Benefits”.
     
    6.2           Paid Time Off. Employee shall be eligible for Personal
    Time Off in accordance with the Company’s Personal Time Off policy then
    in effect and applicable to executive officers of the Company.
     
7.           TERMINATION AND NOTICE OF NON-RENEWAL OF AGREEMENT.
 
    7.1           Termination By The Company Due to Death or Disability. In
    the event of Employee’s death during the Term, this Agreement and the
    employment of Employee hereunder shall terminate automatically as of
    the date of death, except that Sections 9, 10, 11, 12, and 13 shall
    survive such termination. In the event of Employee’s Disability (as
    hereinafter defined) for ninety (90) consecutive calendar days or one
    hundred and twenty (120) calendar days in the aggregate during any
    twelve (12) months of the Term, the Company shall have the right, by
    written notice to Employee, to terminate this Agreement and the
    employment of Employee hereunder as of the date of such notice, except
    that Sections 9, 10, 11, 12, and 13 shall survive such termination. “
    Disability” for the purposes of this Agreement shall (A) be determined
    by an independent physician selected by the Company and (B) mean
    Employee’s physical or mental disability so as to render Employee
    substantially incapable, despite reasonable accommodations, of carrying
    out Employee’s duties under this Agreement. In the event of termination
    pursuant to this Section 7.1, the Company shall not be under any
    further obligation to Employee hereunder except to promptly pay
    Employee (i) salary and benefits accrued and unpaid up to the date of
    termination, (ii) any earned but unpaid Bonus, if any, with respect to
    any completed fiscal year immediately preceding the date of termination
    pursuant to Section 3.2 hereof, (iii) reimbursement for expenses
    accrued and payable under Section 5 hereof, and (iv) if the termination
    is due to Disability, (A) payment of Employee’s monthly Base Salary on
    the Company’s regularly scheduled payrolls during each of the 3 months
    immediately following termination, but in no event shall any such
    amount be paid later than two and one-half months after the last day of
    the year in which the corresponding amount of such payment if not yet
    received has ceased to be subject to a substantial risk of forfeiture
    within the meaning of Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code of
    1986, as amended (the “Code”), and (B) payment or reimbursement of the
    premium for any COBRA benefits Employee elects through Company for a
    period of six months from the date of termination.
     

3

 

     
    7.2           Termination By the Company Due to Cause. The Company
    shall have the right to discharge Employee and terminate this Agreement
    for Cause (as hereinafter defined) during the Term by written notice to
    Employee and this Agreement shall be deemed terminated as of the date
    of such notice, except that Sections 9, 10, 11, 12, and 13 shall
    survive such termination. For the purpose of this Agreement, “Cause”
    shall mean, in the Company’s good faith belief:
     
        (i)           The committing of any criminal act under federal,
        state or local law, where such act would be a) a felony or b) a
        crime involving moral turpitude which, in the reasonable judgment
        of the Company, has materially interfered or will materially
        interfere with the ability of Employee to perform his duties
        hereunder, or has caused or will cause material harm to the Company
        or its business; provided that, for purposes of this provision, a
        finding of guilt and/or plea of guilty/nolo contender (no contest)
        is sufficient but not necessary.
         
        (ii)           The breach of any provision of this Agreement,
        including, but not limited to, by acting dishonestly or negligently
        regarding Employee’s performance hereunder, and Employee’s failure
        to cure such breach within ten (10) business days of written notice
        from Company.
         
        (iii)           The failure to perform Employee’s duties under this
        Agreement (other than for reasons related to illness, injury or
        temporary disability).
         
        (iv)           The material violation of any applicable local,
        state or federal law relating to discrimination or harassment.
         
        (v)           The material violation of Company’s policies and/or
        practices applicable to those at Employee’s level, including, but
        not limited to, its employment policies and/or practices, including
        but not limited to non-discrimination, anti-harassment and
        non-retaliation policies and practices.
         
        (vi)           The taking of any action, whether intentionally or
        not, or failure to act, where such action/inaction has the effect
        of materially undermining or harming the Company, its management,
        its business, its reputation or its customers/clients/employees.
         

4

 

         
        (vii)           The failure to comply with any oral or written
        report or directive of the Company, which failure is not remedied
        within ten (10) business days of written notice from Company
        regarding same.
         
    Any act, or failure to act, based upon the authority given pursuant to
    a resolution duly adopted by the Board or upon the advice of counsel
    for the Company shall be conclusively presumed to be done, or permitted
    to be done, by Employee in good faith and in the best interest of the
    Company. Termination of Employee’s employment shall not be deemed to be
    for Cause unless and until the Company delivers to Employee a copy of a
    resolution duly adopted by the affirmative vote of not less than a
    majority of the Board finding that the Employee is guilty of the
    conduct described in any of (i)-(vii) above.
     
    In the event of a termination pursuant to this Section 7.2, the Company
    shall not be under any further obligation to Employee hereunder, except
    to promptly pay Employee (a) salary and benefits accrued but unpaid up
    to the date of termination, (b) reimbursement for expenses accrued and
    payable under Section 5 hereof, and (c) any other benefits required by
    applicable law (e.g. COBRA), if eligible.
     
    7.3           Termination By the Company Other Than Due to Death,
    Disability or Cause. This Agreement and the employment of Employee
    hereunder may be terminated by the Company other than due to death,
    Disability or Cause by giving at least thirty (30) days prior written
    notice to the Employee at any time during the Term and such termination
    shall be effective as of the date of termination stated in such notice,
    except that Sections 9, 10, 11, 12, and 13 shall survive such
    termination. In the event of a termination pursuant to this Section
    7.3, the Company shall not be under any further obligation to Employee
    hereunder, except to promptly pay Employee (i) salary and benefits
    accrued but unpaid up to the date of termination, (ii) any earned but
    unpaid Bonus, if any, with respect to any completed fiscal year
    immediately preceding the date of termination pursuant to Section 3.2
    hereof, (iii) reimbursement for expenses accrued and payable under
    Section 5 hereof, and (iv) Severance Benefits (as defined below)
    pursuant to Section 7.4.
     
    7.4           Severance Benefits. For purposes of this Agreement, “
    Severance Benefits” shall mean (i) twelve (12) months of Employee’s
    Base Salary payable on the sixtieth (60th) day following Employee's
    termination in one lump sum, and (ii) payment or reimbursement to
    Employee of the premium for any COBRA benefits Employee elects through
    Company for a period of twelve months from the date of termination.
     
    7.5           Termination by Employee. The Employee shall have the
    right to terminate Employee’s employment under this Agreement by giving
    thirty (30) days prior written notice to the Company at any time, and
    such termination shall be effective as of the date of termination
    stated in such notice, except that Sections 9, 10, 11, 12, and 13 shall
    survive such termination.
     
        (a)           Termination By Employee Other Than for Constructive
        Termination. In the event Employee terminates employment under this
        Section 7.5 for other than Constructive Termination (as defined
        below), the Company shall not be under any further obligation to
        Employee hereunder, except to promptly pay Employee (i) salary and
        benefits accrued but unpaid up to the date of termination, (ii) any
        earned but unpaid Bonus, if any, with respect to any completed
        fiscal year immediately preceding the date of termination pursuant
        to Section 3.2 hereof, and (iii) reimbursement for expenses accrued
        and payable under Section 5 hereof.
         

5

 

         
        (b)           Termination by Employee for Constructive Termination
        . Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, a “
        Constructive Termination” will be deemed to have occurred pursuant
        to this Section 7.5 if there should occur the following:
         
        (i)           a material adverse change in Employee’s position
        causing it to be of materially less authority, duties or
        responsibility without Employee’s written consent, and such a
        materially adverse change shall in all events be deemed to occur if
        Employee no longer serves as Chief Executive Officer, President and
        Chief Financial Officer of the Company or any parent company of
        Company unless Employee consents in writing to such change, or if
        Richard P. Nespola is reinstated as the Chief Executive Officer
        and/or Chairman of the Board of the Company;
         
        (ii)           a material reduction, without Employee’s written
        consent or except as expressly permitted in this Agreement, in
        Employee’s Base Salary;
         
        (iii)           a relocation of Employee’s principal place of
        employment by more than 50 miles without Employee’s consent;
         
        (iv)           a material breach of any provision of this Agreement
        by Company.
         
        Notwithstanding the above, in no event shall a Constructive
        Termination exist unless (1) Employee provides a written
        notification to the Company sufficiently describing the event or
        condition alleged to give rise to the Constructive Termination
        within 90 days of the initial existence of such event or condition,
        (2) the Company is provided at least 30 days to remedy the event or
        condition, and (3) the Company fails to reasonably cure the event
        or condition.
         
        In the event Employee terminates his employment due to a
        Constructive Termination, the Company shall not be under any
        further obligation to Employee hereunder, except to promptly pay
        Employee (i) salary and benefits accrued but unpaid up to the date
        of termination, (ii) any earned but unpaid Bonus, if any, with
        respect to any completed fiscal year immediately preceding the date
        of termination pursuant to Section 3.2 hereof, (iii) reimbursement
        for expenses accrued and payable under Section 5 hereof, and (iv)
        Severance Benefits pursuant to Section 7.4.
     
Upon termination due to a Change of Control (as defined below) or 
Constructive Termination, for ninety (90) days following termination, 
Employee agrees to provide reasonable cooperation to the Company at the 
Company’s expense in winding up Employee’s work for the Company and 
transferring that work to other individuals as designated by the Company. 
Upon termination for any reason other than Death, Disability, Change of 
Control or Constructive Termination, for thirty (30) days following 
termination, Employee agrees to provide reasonable cooperation to the 
Company at the Company’s expense in winding up Employee’s work for the 
Company and transferring that work to other individuals as designated by 
the Company. Employee also agrees reasonably to cooperate with the Company 
at Company’s expenses in litigation as requested by the Company; provided 
that, such cooperation does not harm or conflict with Employee’s interests 
in such litigation, if any, and Employee is provided reasonable notice so 
as not to interfere with Employee’s other work or employment obligations.
 

6

 

 
To be eligible for any Severance Benefits payments under this Section 7, 
Employee must (i) prior to the sixtieth (60th) day following the date of 
termination have executed, delivered to the Company, and not revoked during 
any allowable revocation period permitted under applicable law a final and 
complete release in a form that is acceptable and approved by the Company 
after good faith negotiation with Employee, and (ii) in the Company’s good 
faith belief, be in full compliance with the provisions of Sections 9 and 
11 hereof at the time of any such payment.
 
    7.6           Notice of Non-Renewal by Company.
     
        (a)           In the event the Company provides Employee with
        Notice of Non-Renewal and Employee’s employment with the Company
        terminates for any reason within ninety (90) days thereafter
        (either voluntarily or involuntarily), then the Company shall
        provide Employee with Severance Benefits upon termination of
        Employee’s employment with the Company.
         
        (b)           In the event the Company provides Employee with
        Notice of Non-Renewal, then for a period of fifteen (15) days after
        the Notice of Non-Renewal, Company agrees to buy from Employee any
        shares of Company stock fully owned by Employee at the time of
        Notice of Non-Renewal (the “Employee Stock Put Right”), provided
        that: (i) at the time Employee has not been charged with any
        criminal or regulatory violation; and (ii) such purchase does not
        violate any then-applicable law, regulation or court order, or
        cause the Company to be in breach of any term, covenant, or
        agreement with any bank, vendor or other commercial partner.
        Employee’s notice of intent to exercise the Employee Stock Put
        Right and the number of shares put to the Company for purchase
        shall be in writing and delivered to either the Chairman or
        Secretary of the Company via electronic mail, certified mail or
        national parcel delivery service. The price per share at which the
        Company will purchase any shares of Company stock under the
        Employee Stock Put Right shall be the closing price of the
        Company’s stock on the trading day immediately preceding the
        earlier of: (i) the date of the Notice of Non-Renewal; or (ii) any
        public announcement by the Company of its intent to not renew this
        Agreement or terminate Employee’s employment. The parties shall use
        all reasonable efforts to finalize the purchase of the shares under
        the Employee Stock Put Right within thirty (30) days of Employee’s
        notice of election of such right. The Employee Stock Put Right
        shall not apply to (i) any shares issued pursuant to the exercise
        of any stock options or (ii) shares of unvested restricted stock
        outstanding at the time of the Notice of Non-Renewal.
         

7

 

         
8.           CHANGE IN CONTROL BENEFITS. Should there occur a Change in 
Control (as defined below), the following provisions shall become 
applicable:
 
    8.1           During the period (if any) following a Change in Control
    that Employee shall continue to provide services under this Agreement,
    then the terms and provisions of this Agreement shall continue in full
    force and effect.
     
    8.2           Notwithstanding any other provision of Section 7, in the
    event of (a) a termination by the Company pursuant to Section 7.3 at
    any time within twelve (12) months after a Change in Control, or (b) a
    Constructive Termination pursuant to Section 7.5 at any time within
    twelve (12) months after a Change in Control, the Company shall
    promptly pay Employee (i) salary and benefits accrued but unpaid up to
    the date of such event, (ii) any earned but unpaid Bonus, if any, with
    respect to any completed fiscal year immediately preceding the date of
    termination pursuant to Section 3.2 hereof; (iii) reimbursement for
    expenses accrued and payable under Section 5 hereof, and (iv) Severance
    Benefits pursuant to Section 7.4.
     
    8.3           For purposes of this Section 8, a “Change of Control”
    shall be deemed to occur upon the earlier to occur of an event
    described below, the Company entering a definitive agreement to
    accomplish a transaction or event as described below, or a vote of the
    directors of the Company approving a definitive agreement for such a
    transaction or event as described below:
     
        (a)           the sale, lease, conveyance or other disposition of
        at least fifty percent (50%) of the Company’s assets as an entirety
        or substantially as an entirety to any person, entity or group of
        persons acting in concert other than in the ordinary course of
        business;
         
        (b)           any transaction or series of related transactions (as
        a result of a tender offer, merger, consolidation or otherwise)
        that results in any Person (as defined in Section 13(h)(8)(E) under
        the Securities Exchange Act of 1934) becoming the beneficial owner
        (as defined in Rule 13d-3 under the Securities Exchange Act of
        1934), directly or indirectly, of more than 50% of the aggregate
        voting power of all classes of common equity of the Company, except
        if such Person is (i) a subsidiary of the Company, (ii) an employee
        stock ownership plan for employees of the Company or (iii) a
        company formed to hold the Company’s common equity securities,
        provided that, at the time such company became such holding
        company, substantially all the stockholders of the Company comprise
        such holding company’s stockholders and hold at least a majority of
        the voting power of such holding company;
         
        (c)           a merger (in which the Company is not the surviving
        operating entity), consolidation, liquidation or dissolution of
        Company or winding up of the business of the Company.
         

8

 

         
9.           RESTRICTIONS.
 
    9.1           Non-Disclosure. During and after the Term, Employee
    agrees to use best efforts and exercise utmost diligence to protect and
    to safeguard the trade secrets and/or any confidential or proprietary
    information concerning the Company or its business or any Affiliates of
    the Company (including, without limitation, trade secrets, plans,
    processes, customer lists, contracts and compilations of information,
    records and specifications) which comes to Employee in the course of
    Employee’s employment and which is not (independent of disclosure by
    Employee) public knowledge or general knowledge in the trade. Employee
    agrees not to disclose any of the Company’s or any Affiliate’s trade
    secrets and/or confidential information and/or proprietary information
    except as required in the course of Employee’s employment with the
    Company or by legal process, in which case, Employee agrees to provide
    the Company with as much notice as is reasonably practicable in the
    event the Company wishes to intervene to protect its rights. Employee
    agrees not to use Company’s or any Affiliate’s trade secrets and/or
    confidential information and /or proprietary information, directly or
    indirectly, for Employee’s own benefit or for the benefit of another.
    All files, records, documents, drawings, specifications, memoranda,
    notes, or other documents relating to the business of the Company or
    any Affiliate, whether prepared by Employee or otherwise coming into
    Employee’s possession, shall be the exclusive property of the Company
    and shall be delivered to the Company and not reproduced and/or
    retained by Employee upon termination of Employee’s employment for any
    reason whatsoever or at any other time upon request of the Company.
     
    9.2           Non-solicitation. During the period of Employee's
    employment, and for a period of one (1) year following the date of
    termination of Employee’s employment, the Employee shall not directly
    or indirectly, for himself or for any third party, except as otherwise
    agreed to in writing by the Company:
     
        (a)           Contact, solicit, advise, consult or do business with
        any Customer (as hereinafter defined) with which Employee has had
        direct contact during, and arising from, his employment by the
        Company, for the purpose of causing such Customer to purchase, or
        otherwise obtain products or services which are similar to or in
        any way compete with the products or services sold or provided by
        the Company or an Affiliate, or
         
        (b)           Induce, or attempt to induce, any Customer with which
        Employee has had direct contact during the term of, and arising
        from, his employment by the Company, to cancel, diminish, decrease
        or curtail any business relationship, contractual or otherwise,
        with the Company or an Affiliate, or
         
        (c)           Contact, solicit, induce or attempt to induce or
        influence any employee, independent contractor or agent of any
        Customer or Company or Affiliate to terminate his or her
        employment, engagement or contractual relationship with such
        Customer or Company or Affiliate, or
         
        (d)           Employ or hire any person who is employed by the
        Company or Affiliate (whether as an employee or an independent
        contractor) with any business or other entity that is engaged in
        the industry in which Company or Affiliate is involved.
         

9

 

         
    9.3           Covenants Against Competition. During the period of
    Employee's employment, and for a period of one (1) year following the
    date of Employee’s termination of employment, the Employee shall not
    within the Restricted Area (as hereinafter defined), directly or
    indirectly as an employee, employer, consultant, agent, principal,
    partner, shareholder, corporate officer, director or through any other
    kind of ownership (other than ownership of securities of publicly held
    corporations of which Employee owns less than five (5%) percent of any
    class of securities) or in any other representative or individual
    capacity:
     
        (a)           Assist or have an interest (whether or not such
        interest is active), in any person, firm, partnership, association,
        corporation or business organization, entity or enterprise that is
        or is about to become directly or indirectly engaged in, any
        business or activity (whether such enterprise is in operation or in
        the planning or development stage) that provides, sells,
        distributes or markets any products or services that compete in any
        manner with the business conducted by Company or an Affiliate.
         
        (b)           Enter into the employment of or act as an independent
        contractor or agent for or advisor or consultant to, any person,
        firm, partnership, association, corporation or business
        organization, entity or enterprise that is or is about to become
        directly or indirectly engaged in, any business or activity
        (whether such enterprise is in operation or in the planning or
        development stage) that provides, sells, distributes or markets any
        products or services that compete in any manner with the business
        conducted by Company or an Affiliate.
         
    Notwithstanding any other provisions herein, in the event of a
    Constructive Termination pursuant to Section 7.5 at any time within
    twelve (12) months following a Change in Control, this Section 9.3
    shall not apply.
     
    9.4           Definitions.
     
    “Affiliate” shall mean any corporation, partnership, limited liability
    company, joint venture, or other entity or organization directly or
    indirectly controlling or controlled by or under direct or indirect
    common control with such other entity through the ownership of all or
    part of such entity.
     
    “Customer” shall mean any individual, corporation, partnership, joint
    venture or other entity, or successors thereof, which has either (i)
    purchased or contracted for services or products by or through the
    Company at any time within one (1) year prior to the termination of
    Employee’s employment with the Company, or (ii) has been directly
    solicited by the Company within six (6) months prior to the termination
    of Employee’s employment with the Company, regardless of whether the
    Employee shall have direct contact with such individual, corporation,
    partnership, joint venture or entity.
 

10

 

 
    “Restricted Area” shall mean collectively the United States of America.
         
    “Restrictions” shall mean the terms and covenants of Sections 9.1, 9.2
    and 9.3, collectively.
 
    9.5           Enforceability of Agreement.
     
        (a)           Reasonableness of Restrictions. Employee has
        carefully read and considered the Restrictions and, having done so,
        agrees that the Restrictions (including, but not limited to, the
        time period of restriction and the geographical areas of
        restriction set forth herein) are fair and reasonable and are
        reasonably required for the protection of the interests of Company,
        its owners, officers, directors and other employees. Employee has
        had the opportunity to consult with an attorney prior to the
        execution of this Agreement, and freely executes this Agreement
        either (i) following such consultation and with the advice of his
        attorney, or (ii) after freely waiving such right to consult with
        an attorney prior to the execution of this Agreement.
         
        (b)           Severability. In the event that, notwithstanding the
        foregoing, any part of the Restrictions shall be held to be invalid
        or unenforceable, the remaining parts thereof shall nevertheless
        continue to be valid and enforceable as though the invalid or
        unenforceable parts had not been included therein. Notwithstanding
        the foregoing, it is the intent and agreement of Company and
        Employee that the Restrictions shall be given the maximum force,
        effect and application permissible under law.
         
        (c)           Time Period. In the event that a Court of competent
        jurisdiction shall determine by final judgment that the scope or
        time period of any of the Restrictions is too broad to be capable
        of enforcement, such court is authorized to modify such covenants
        and to enforce them to the full scope and extent and for the full
        time period that the Court deems just and equitable.
         
        (d)           Passive Interest. The Restrictions shall not be
        construed to limit in any manner Employee's right to maintain a
        passive ownership interest of less than five (5%) percent of any
        class of outstanding securities in any entity, the securities of
        which are traded on a national exchange, which may compete with
        Company, so long as Employee shall not have the right or power to
        elect a member of the Board of Directors of such entity or to
        otherwise control the actions of such entity.
         
10.           REMEDIES.
 
    10.1           Remedies Cumulative. Nothing herein contained is
    intended to waive or diminish any rights the Company, any Affiliate or
    Employee may have at law or in equity at any time to protect and defend
    its legitimate property interests including its business relationship
    with third parties, the foregoing provisions being intended to be in
    addition to and not in derogation or limitation of any other rights the
    Company, an Affiliate or Employee may have at law or in equity.
     

11

 

     
    10.2           Injunctive Relief. Employee hereby acknowledges and
    agrees that Company would be irreparably injured, the value of the
    business of Company would be irreparably damaged and Company could not
    adequately be compensated by monetary damages, if Employee were to
    violate the Restrictions. Employee covenants and agrees that, if
    Employee shall violate any of the Restrictions, Company specifically
    shall be entitled to injunctive and other equitable relief to enjoin
    Employee's violations of such Restrictions. The prevailing party in any
    such injunctive action shall be entitled to reimbursement from the
    other party for all actual attorney fees expended in such action.
     
    10.3           Notice of Violation. In the event Company believes that
    Employee is violating any of the Restrictions, Company shall so notify
    Employee in writing, which notice shall describe with as much
    specificity as possible, the nature of the alleged violation. Provided
    that Employee is in violation of the Restrictions, if the Employee does
    not, within fourteen (14) days following receipt of said notice, cease
    the conduct, terminate the relationship or otherwise cure such
    violation, the Company shall have no further obligation to make
    payments to Employee pursuant to the terms of this Agreement following
    the date of receipt of such notice.
     
    10.4           Accounting For Profits. Employee hereby covenants and
    agrees that, if Employee shall violate any of the Restrictions, Company
    shall be entitled to an accounting and repayment of all profits,
    compensation, commissions, remunerations or benefits which Employee
    directly or indirectly has realized and/or may realize as a result of,
    growing out of or in connection with any such violation.
     
11.           EMPLOYEE FOR HIRE. In addition to Employee’s services, the 
Company shall own forever and throughout the world (exclusively during the 
current and renewed or extended term of copyright anywhere in the world and 
thereafter, non-exclusively) all rights of any kind or nature now or 
hereafter known in and to all of the products of Employee’s services 
performed while an employee in any capacity and any and all parts thereof, 
including, without limitation, copyright, patent and all other property or 
proprietary rights in or to any ideas, concepts, designs, drawings, plans, 
prototypes or any other similar creative works and to the product of any or 
all of such services under this Agreement (collectively, “Inventions”). 
Employee hereby acknowledges and agrees that for copyright purposes, 
Employee is performing services as the Company’s employee-for-hire; 
provided, however, that for purposes of this Agreement, “Inventions” shall 
not include those that do not relate to the Company’s or an Affiliate’s 
current business or research and development and were developed without use 
of any Company or Affiliate trade secret information or Company or 
Affiliate’s facilities or equipment. Without limiting the generality of the 
previous two sentences, Employee acknowledges and agrees that all 
memoranda, notes, records and other documents made or compiled by Employee 
or made available to Employee while an employee concerning the Company or 
an Affiliate’s business shall be the Company’s property and shall be 
delivered by Employee to the Company upon termination of this Agreement or 
at any other time at the Company’s request. In addition, the Employee 
hereby agrees to assign to Company in writing (and take any and all other 
actions as shall be reasonably requested by Company in order to carry out 
the intent of this Section) any and all rights, title or interest of 
Employee in any such copyrights, patents, property or proprietary rights 
relating to such Inventions.
 

12

 

 
12.           [INTENTIONALLY DELETED].
 
13.           MISCELLANEOUS.
 
    13.1           Assignability. This Agreement, including but not limited
    to paragraphs 9 and 11, shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit
    of the Company, its respective successors, heirs, and assigns. Except
    as expressly set forth herein, this Agreement may not be assigned by
    Employee without the express written consent of the Company.
     
    13.2           Invalid Provisions. If any provision of this Agreement
    is held to be illegal, invalid, or unenforceable, then such provision
    shall be fully severable, and this Agreement shall be construed and
    enforced as if such illegal, invalid, or unenforceable provision had
    never comprised a part hereof; and the remaining provisions hereof
    shall remain in full force and effect and shall not be affected by the
    illegal, invalid, or unenforceable provision or by its severance
    herefrom. Furthermore, in lieu of such illegal, invalid, or
    unenforceable provision, there shall be added automatically as a part
    of this Agreement a provision as similar in terms to such illegal,
    invalid, or unenforceable provision as may be possible and still be
    legal, valid, or enforceable.
     
    13.3           Notices. Any notices pertaining to this Agreement shall
    be addressed to the parties at their addresses stated on the first page
    hereof. All notices shall be in writing and shall be deemed duly given
    if personally delivered or sent by registered, certified, overnight or
    express mail. If sent by registered or certified mail, notice shall be
    deemed to have been received and effective three days after mailing; if
    by overnight or express mail, notice shall be deemed received the next
    business day after being sent. Any party may change its address for
    notice hereunder by giving notice of such change in the manner provided
    herein.
     
    13.4           Construction of Agreement. This Agreement contains the
    entire agreement of the parties respecting the subject matter contained
    herein. No terms, conditions or warranties other than those contained
    herein, and no amendments or modification of any provision hereof shall
    be effective except by a written agreement signed by all of the parties
    hereto. This Agreement shall not be strictly construed against either
    party.
     
    13.5           Waiver. The waiver by either party hereto of a breach of
    any term or provision of this Agreement shall not operate or be
    construed as a waiver of a subsequent breach of the same provision by
    any party or of the breach of any other term or provision of this
    Agreement.
     
    13.6           Titles. Titles of the paragraphs herein are used solely
    for convenience and shall not be used for interpretation or construing
    any work, clause, paragraph, or provision of this Agreement.
     
    13.7           Arbitration.
     
        (a)           It is understood and agreed between the parties
        hereto that, except with respect to claims for workers’
        compensation or unemployment compensation benefits, any and all
        claims, grievances, demands, controversies, causes of action or
        disputes of any nature whatsoever (including but not limited to
        tort and contract claims, and claims upon any law, statute, order,
        or regulation) (hereinafter “Claims”), arising out of, in
        connection with, or in relation to (i) this Agreement, (ii)
        questions of arbitrability under this Agreement, or (iii) any
        relationship between Employee and the Company before, at the time
        of entering, during the term of, upon or after expiration or
        termination of this Agreement, shall be resolved by final, binding,
        non-judicial arbitration in accordance with the Commercial
        Arbitration Rules of the American Arbitration Association (“AAA”),
        which rules are incorporated herein by reference. Such dispute
        resolution process shall be confidential and shall be conducted in
        accordance with the Kansas Rules of Evidence.
         

13

 

         
        (b)           Notwithstanding any contrary provision that may be
        contained in the applicable AAA rules, the parties hereby agree
        that discovery shall be permitted in connection with any
        arbitration pursuant to this Agreement, in accordance with the
        provisions of the Kansas Code of Civil Procedure. Neither party nor
        the arbitrator shall disclose the existence, content, or results of
        any arbitration hereunder without the prior written consent of all
        parties. Except as provided herein, the Federal Arbitration Act
        shall govern the interpretation, enforcement and all proceedings
        pursuant to this Section 13.7. The Arbitrator shall apply the
        substantive law (and the law of remedies, if applicable) of the
        State of Kansas, or federal law, or both, as applicable. The
        arbitrator is without jurisdiction to apply any different
        substantive law. The arbitrator shall have the authority to
        entertain a motion to dismiss and/or a motion for summary judgment
        by any party and shall apply the standards governing such motions
        under Kansas law. The arbitrator shall render an award and a
        written, reasoned opinion in support thereof. Such award may
        include attorneys’ fees and costs to the prevailing party. Judgment
        upon the award may be entered in any court having jurisdiction
        thereof.
         
        (c)           Adherence to this dispute resolution process shall
        not limit the Company’s right to obtain any provisional remedy,
        including but without limitation, injunctive or similar relief,
        from any court of competent jurisdiction in the event of a breach
        of Section 9 of this Agreement. This dispute resolution process
        shall survive the termination of Employee’s employment.
         
        (d)           By signing this Agreement, both Employee and the
        Company are giving up their respective right to a jury trial.
         
    13.8           Personal Computer. During the Term, the Company shall
    provide Employee, at Company expense, with a portable personal computer
    (the “Laptop”) with such capabilities and capacity, and including all
    necessary software, as shall be reasonably necessary to discharge
    Employee’s duties under this Agreement. Upon termination of Employee’s
    employment, the Employee shall promptly deliver to the Company any and
    all tangible property of the Company, including without limitation the
    Laptop and any software related thereto and the contents of any files
    stored therein.
     

14

 

     
    13.9           Section 409A. This Agreement is intended to comply with
    Section 409A of the Code or an exemption thereunder and shall be
    construed and administered in accordance with Section 409A of the Code.
    Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, payments
    provided under this Agreement may only be made upon an event and in a
    manner that complies with Section 409A of the Code or an applicable
    exemption. Any payments under this Agreement that may be excluded from
    Section 409A of the Code either as separation pay due to an involuntary
    separation from service or as a short-term deferral shall be excluded
    from Section 409A of the Code to the maximum extent possible. For
    purposes of Section 409A of the Code, each installment payment provided
    under this Agreement shall be treated as a separate payment. Any
    payments to be made under this Agreement upon a termination of
    employment shall only be made upon a "separation from service" under
    Section 409A of the Code.
     
    Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, if any payment
    or benefit provided to the Employee in connection with his termination
    of employment is determined to constitute "nonqualified deferred
    compensation" within the meaning of Section 409A of the Code and the
    Employee is determined to be a "specified employee" as defined in
    Section 409A(a)(2)(b)(i) of the Code, then such payment or benefit
    shall not be paid until the first payroll date to occur following the
    six-month anniversary of the date of termination (the "Specified
    Employee Payment Date"). The aggregate of any payments that would
    otherwise have been paid before the Specified Employee Payment Date
    shall be paid to the Employee in a lump sum on the Specified Employee
    Payment Date and thereafer, any remaining payments shall be paid
    without delay in accordance with their original schedule.
     
    IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have caused this Agreement to be
    executed as of the date first set forth above.
     
  	THE COMPANY: 	 
  	  	 
  	CARTESIAN, INC., 	 
  	a Delaware corporation 	 
  	  	 
  	  	 
  	By: 	/s/ Peter Woodward 	 
  	  	 
  	Printed Name: PETER WOODWARD 	 
  	  	 
  	Title: CHAIRMAN 	 
  	  	 
  	  	 
  	  	 
  	EMPLOYEE: 	 
  	  	 
  	/s/ Donald E. Klumb 	 
  	DONALD E. KLUMB 	 
 
 
 

15