 EX-10.20 5 d638429dex1020.htm EX-10.20
Exhibit 10.20


HOLDINGS GUARANTEE AND PLEDGE AGREEMENT

dated and effective as of

December 20, 2013

between

AP GAMING HOLDINGS, LLC,
as Holdings

and

CITICORP NORTH AMERICA, INC.,
as Agent

------------------------------------------------------------------------
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
  	   	Page 	 

 ARTICLE I DEFINITIONS

   	  	1 	  

   SECTION 1.01. Credit Agreement

   	  	1 	  

   SECTION 1.02. Other Defined Terms

   	  	2 	  

 ARTICLE II GUARANTEE

   	  	5 	  

   SECTION 2.01. The Guarantee

   	  	5 	  

 ARTICLE III PLEDGE OF EQUITY INTERESTS

   	  	7 	  

   SECTION 3.01. Pledge

   	  	7 	  

   SECTION 3.02. Delivery of Pledged Collateral

   	  	9 	  

   SECTION 3.03. Representations and Warranties

   	  	9 	  

   SECTION 3.04. Covenants

   	  	10 	  

   SECTION 3.05. Registration in Nominee Name; Denominations

   	  	11 	  

   SECTION 3.06. Financing Statements

   	  	11 	  

   SECTION 3.07. Certification of Pledged Borrower Stock

   	  	12 	  

   SECTION 3.08. Voting Rights; Dividends and Interest, Etc

   	  	12 	  

   SECTION 3.09. Powers Coupled with an Interest

   	  	14 	  

 ARTICLE IV [RESERVED]

   	  	14 	  

 ARTICLE V REMEDIES

   	  	14 	  

   SECTION 5.01. Remedies Upon Default

   	  	14 	  

   SECTION 5.02. Application of Proceeds

   	  	15 	  

   SECTION 5.03. Securities Act, Etc

   	  	16 	  

 ARTICLE VI MISCELLANEOUS

   	  	17 	  

   SECTION 6.01. Notices

   	  	17 	  

   SECTION 6.02. Security Interest Absolute

   	  	17 	  

   SECTION 6.03. Limitation by Law

   	  	17 	  

   SECTION 6.04. Binding Effect; Several Agreement

   	  	17 	  

   SECTION 6.05. Successors and Assigns

   	  	17 	  

   SECTION 6.06. Agent’s Fees and Expenses

   	  	18 	  

   SECTION 6.07. Agent Appointed Attorney-in-Fact

   	  	18 	  

   SECTION 6.08. GOVERNING LAW

   	  	19 	  

   SECTION 6.09. Waivers; Amendment; Extension of Time

   	  	19 	  

   SECTION 6.10. WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL

   	  	20 	  

   SECTION 6.11. Severability

   	  	20 	  

   SECTION 6.12. Counterparts

   	  	20 	  

   SECTION 6.13. Headings

   	  	20 	  

   SECTION 6.14. Jurisdiction; Consent to Service of Process

   	  	20 	  

   SECTION 6.15. Termination or Release

   	  	21 	  

   SECTION 6.16. Compliance with Gaming Laws

   	  	22 	  

   SECTION 6.17. Subject to Any Applicable Intercreditor Agreement

   	  	23 	  
 
i

------------------------------------------------------------------------
TABLE OF CONTENTS
(Continued)
 
  	   	Page 	 

   SECTION 6.18. Other First Lien Obligations

   	  	23 	  

   SECTION 6.19. Person Serving as Agent

   	  	24 	  

   SECTION 6.20. General Authority of the Agent

   	  	25 	  

   SECTION 6.21. Application of Gaming Laws

   	  	25 	  
 

 Schedules

   	

 Schedule I Description of Pledged Borrower Stock

   	

 Exhibits

   	

 Exhibit I Form of Other First Lien Secured Party Consent

   	
 
ii

------------------------------------------------------------------------
This HOLDINGS GUARANTEE AND PLEDGE AGREEMENT, dated and effective as of 
December 20, 2013, is between AP GAMING HOLDINGS, LLC, a Delaware limited 
liability company (“Holdings”), and CITICORP NORTH AMERICA, INC., as 
collateral agent (together with its successors and permitted assigns in 
such capacity, the “Agent”) for the benefit of the Secured Parties (as 
defined below).


W I T N E S S E T H :

WHEREAS, pursuant to the First Lien Credit Agreement, dated as of the date 
hereof (as amended, restated, supplemented, waived or otherwise modified 
from time to time, the “Credit Agreement”), among Holdings, AP Gaming I, 
LLC, a Delaware limited liability company and a Subsidiary of Holdings 
(together with its successors, the “Borrower”), the Lenders party thereto 
from time to time, Citicorp North America, Inc., as administrative agent 
(together with its successors and assigns in such capacity, the “Credit 
Agreement Agent”), and the other parties thereto, the Lenders and the 
Issuing Banks have agreed to extend credit to the Borrower upon the terms 
and subject to the conditions set forth therein, including the execution 
and delivery of this Agreement;

WHEREAS, Holdings is the legal and beneficial owner of the Pledged 
Collateral (as hereinafter defined) issued by the Borrower and will derive 
substantial benefits from the extension of credit to the Borrower pursuant 
to the Credit Agreement; and

WHEREAS, Holdings is willing to execute and deliver this Agreement in order 
to induce the Lenders and the Issuing Banks to extend such credit under the 
Credit Agreement and to induce the holders of any other Other First Lien 
Obligations to make extensions of credit under the applicable Other First 
Lien Agreements, as applicable.

Accordingly, the parties hereto agree as follows:


ARTICLE I

Definitions

SECTION 1.01. Credit Agreement.

(a) Capitalized terms used in this Agreement and not otherwise defined 
herein have the respective meanings assigned thereto in the Credit 
Agreement. All terms referred to herein that are defined in Article 9 of 
the New York UCC (as defined herein) and not defined in this Agreement or 
the Credit Agreement have the meanings specified in Article 9 of the New 
York UCC. The term “instrument” shall have the meaning specified in Article 
9 of the New York UCC.

(b) The rules of construction specified in Section 1.02 of the Credit 
Agreement also apply to this Agreement.
 
1

------------------------------------------------------------------------
SECTION 1.02. Other Defined Terms. As used in this Agreement, the following 
terms have the meanings specified below:

“Agent” has the meaning assigned to such term in the introductory paragraph 
of this Agreement.

“Agreement” means this Holdings and Guarantee and Pledge Agreement, as 
amended, restated, supplemented, waived or otherwise modified from time to 
time.

“Applicable First Lien Representative” means the “Applicable Authorized 
Representative” as defined in the First Lien Intercreditor Agreement upon 
and during the effectiveness thereof. The Applicable First Lien 
Representative shall be the Credit Agreement Agent unless and until another 
person is designated as the Applicable First Lien Representative pursuant 
to the First Lien Intercreditor Agreement.

“Authorized Representative” means (i) the Credit Agreement Agent with 
respect to the Credit Agreement and (ii) with respect to any Series of 
Other First Lien Obligations, the duly authorized representative of the 
Secured Parties of such Series of Other First Lien Obligations designated 
as “Authorized Representative” for such Secured Parties in the related 
Other First Lien Secured Party Consent delivered to the Agent.

“Borrower” has the meaning assigned to such term in the recitals of this 
Agreement.

“Credit Agreement” has the meaning assigned to such term in the recitals of 
this Agreement.

“Credit Agreement Agent” has the meaning assigned to such term in the 
recitals of this Agreement.

“Credit Agreement Loan Obligations” means the “Loan Obligations” as defined 
in the Credit Agreement.

“Credit Agreement Secured Obligations” means the “Obligations” as defined 
in the Credit Agreement.

“Credit Agreement Secured Parties” means the “Secured Parties” as defined 
in the Credit Agreement.

“Event of Default” means an “Event of Default” under and as defined in the 
Credit Agreement or any Other First Lien Agreement.

“Federal Securities Laws” has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 
5.03.

“First Lien Intercreditor Agreement” means a “Permitted Pari Passu 
Intercreditor Agreement” as defined in the Credit Agreement (as amended, 
restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time).

“Guaranteed Obligations” has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 
2.01.
 
2

------------------------------------------------------------------------
“Holdings” has the meaning assigned to such term in the introductory 
paragraph of this Agreement.

“Intercreditor Agreement” means a First Lien Intercreditor Agreement (upon 
and during the effectiveness thereof) or a Permitted Junior Intercreditor 
Agreement (upon and during the effectiveness thereof), as the case may be.

“Loan Documents” means (a) the Credit Agreement, (b) all Other First Lien 
Agreements, (c) the Security Documents and (d) for purposes of Section 5.02 
and Section 6.06 only, the First Lien Intercreditor Agreement (upon and 
during the effectiveness thereof).

“Nevada Gaming Authority” has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 
6.16(a).

“Nevada Gaming Laws” has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 
6.16(a).

“New York UCC” means the Uniform Commercial Code as from time to time in 
effect in the State of New York.

“Other First Lien Agreement” means any indenture, credit agreement 
(excluding the Credit Agreement) or other agreement, document or 
instrument, pursuant to which any Loan Party has or will incur Other First 
Lien Obligations; provided that, in each case, the Indebtedness thereunder 
has been designated as Other First Lien Obligations pursuant to and in 
accordance with Section 6.18.

“Other First Lien Obligations” means (a) the due and punctual payment by 
any Loan Party of (i) the unpaid principal of and interest (including 
interest accruing during the pendency of any bankruptcy, insolvency, 
receivership or other similar proceeding, regardless of whether allowed or 
allowable as a claim in such proceeding) on Indebtedness under any Other 
First Lien Agreement, when and as due, whether at maturity, by 
acceleration, upon one or more dates set for prepayment or otherwise, and 
(ii) all other monetary obligations of such Loan Party to any Secured Party 
under any Other First Lien Agreement, including obligations to pay fees, 
expense reimbursement obligations and indemnification obligations, whether 
primary, secondary, direct, contingent, fixed or otherwise (including 
monetary obligations incurred during the pendency of any bankruptcy, 
insolvency, receivership or other similar proceeding, regardless of whether 
allowed or allowable as a claim in such proceeding), (b) the due and 
punctual performance of all other obligations of such Loan Party under or 
pursuant to any Other First Lien Agreement and (c) the due and punctual 
payment and performance of all the obligations of each other Loan Party 
under or pursuant to any Other First Lien Agreement.

“Other First Lien Secured Parties” means, collectively, the holders of 
Other First Lien Obligations and any Authorized Representative with respect 
thereto.

“Other First Lien Secured Party Consent” means a consent substantially in 
the form of Exhibit I to this Agreement (or such other form as the Agent 
may agree) executed by the Authorized Representative of any holders of 
Other First Lien Obligations pursuant to Section 6.18.
 
3

------------------------------------------------------------------------
“Permitted Liens” means Liens that are (a) permitted by Article VIA of the 
Credit Agreement and (b) not prohibited by any Other First Lien Agreement.

“Pledged Borrower Stock” has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 
3.01.

“Pledged Collateral” has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 3.01.

“Pledged Securities” means any promissory notes, stock certificates or 
other certificated securities now or hereafter included in the Pledged 
Collateral, including all certificates, instruments or other documents 
representing or evidencing any Pledged Collateral.

“Prior Agent” has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 6.19.

“Regulation S-X Excluded Collateral” has the meaning assigned to such term 
in Section 3.01.

“Requirement of Law” means, as to any person, any law, treaty, rule, 
regulation, statute, order, ordinance, decree, judgment, consent decree, 
writ, injunction, settlement agreement or governmental requirement enacted, 
promulgated or imposed or entered into or agreed by any Governmental 
Authority or Gaming Authority (including Gaming Laws), in each case 
applicable to or binding upon such person or any of its property or assets 
or to which such person or any of its property or assets is subject.

“Rule 3-16” has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 3.01.

“Secured Obligations” means, collectively, the Credit Agreement Secured 
Obligations and any Other First Lien Obligations, or any of the foregoing 
(but, excluding, in each case, any Excluded Swap Obligations).

“Secured Parties” means the persons holding any Secured Obligations and in 
any event including (i) all Credit Agreement Secured Parties and (ii) all 
Other First Lien Secured Parties.

“Security Documents” has the meaning assigned to such term in the Credit 
Agreement and any analogous term in any Other First Lien Agreement (but, 
with respect to the Secured Obligations of any Series, the term Security 
Documents shall not include any document which by its terms is solely for 
the benefit of the holders of one or more other Series of Secured 
Obligations and not such Series of Secured Obligations)

“Series” means (a) with respect to the Secured Parties, each of (i) the 
Credit Agreement Secured Parties (in their capacities as such) and (ii) the 
Other First Lien Secured Parties that become subject to this Agreement and 
the First Lien Intercreditor Agreement after the date hereof that are 
represented by a common Authorized Representative (in its capacity as such 
for such Other First Lien Secured Parties) and (b) with respect to any 
Secured Obligations, each of (i) the Credit Agreement Secured Obligations 
and (ii) the Other First Lien Obligations incurred pursuant to any Other 
First Lien Agreement, which pursuant to any Other First Lien Secured Party 
Consent, are to be represented hereunder by a common Authorized 
Representative (in its capacity as such for such Other First Lien 
Obligations).
 
4

------------------------------------------------------------------------
“Specified Excluded Collateral” means, solely with respect to any Series of 
Other First Lien Obligations, any asset that is not intended to be 
collateral with respect to such Series pursuant to the terms of the Other 
First Lien Agreement governing such Series (including the Regulation S-X 
Excluded Collateral to the extent applicable to such Series in accordance 
with the last paragraph of Section 3.01).

“Successor Agent” has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 6.19.

“Termination Date” means the “Termination Date” as defined in the Credit 
Agreement.


ARTICLE II

Guarantee

SECTION 2.01. The Guarantee.

(a) Guarantee of Secured Obligations. Holdings unconditionally guarantees 
to the Agent, jointly and severally with the other Guarantors, as a primary 
obligor and not merely as a surety, the due and punctual payment and 
performance of the Secured Obligations (such guarantee obligations of 
Holdings, the “Guaranteed Obligations”) for the benefit of the Secured 
Parties. Holdings further agrees that the Guaranteed Obligations may be 
extended or renewed, in whole or in part, without notice to or further 
assent from it, and that it will remain bound upon its guarantee 
notwithstanding any extension or renewal of any Guaranteed Obligation. 
Holdings waives presentment to, demand of payment from and protest to the 
Borrower or any other Loan Party of any of the Guaranteed Obligations, and 
also waives notice of acceptance of its guarantee and notice of protest for 
nonpayment.

(b) Guarantee of Payment. Holdings further agrees that its guarantee 
hereunder constitutes a guarantee of payment when due and not of 
collection, and waives any right to require that any resort be had by the 
Agent or any other Secured Party to any security held for the payment of 
the Guaranteed Obligations or to any balance of any deposit account or 
credit on the books of the Agent or any other Secured Party in favor of the 
Borrower or any other person.

(c) No Limitations. Except for termination or release of Holdings’ 
obligations hereunder as expressly provided for in Section 6.15 and subject 
to the limitations set forth in clause (h) of this Section 2.01, the 
obligations of Holdings hereunder shall not be subject to any reduction, 
limitation, impairment or termination for any reason, including any claim 
of waiver, release, surrender, alteration or compromise, and shall not be 
subject to any defense or set-off, counterclaim, recoupment or termination 
whatsoever by reason of the invalidity, illegality or unenforceability of 
the Guaranteed Obligations or otherwise (other than defense of payment or 
performance). Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the 
obligations of Holdings hereunder, to the fullest extent permitted by 
applicable law, shall not be discharged or impaired or otherwise affected 
by: (i) the failure of the Agent or any other Secured Party to assert any 
claim or demand or to exercise or enforce any right or remedy under the 
provisions of any Loan Document or otherwise; (ii) any rescission, waiver, 
amendment or modification of, or
 
5

------------------------------------------------------------------------
any release from any of the terms or provisions of, any Loan Document or 
any other agreement; (iii) the failure to perfect any security interest in, 
or the exchange, substitution, release or any impairment of, any security 
held by the Agent or any other Secured Party for the Guaranteed 
Obligations; (iv) any default, failure or delay, willful or otherwise, in 
the performance of the Guaranteed Obligations; (v) any other act or 
omission that may or might in any manner or to any extent vary the risk of 
any Guarantor or otherwise operate as a discharge of any Guarantor as a 
matter of law or equity (other than the payment in full in cash in 
immediately available funds of all the Guaranteed Obligations); (vi) any 
illegality, lack of validity or enforceability of any Guaranteed 
Obligation; (vii) any change in the corporate existence, structure or 
ownership of the Borrower, or any insolvency, bankruptcy, reorganization or 
other similar proceeding affecting the Borrower or its assets or any 
resulting release or discharge of any Guaranteed Obligation (other than the 
payment in full in cash in immediately available funds of all the 
Guaranteed Obligations); (viii) the existence of any claim, set-off or 
other rights that Holdings may have at any time against the Borrower, the 
Agent, or any other corporation or person, whether in connection herewith 
or any unrelated transactions; provided, that nothing herein will prevent 
the assertion of any such claim by separate suit or compulsory 
counterclaim; and (ix) any other circumstance (including, without 
limitation, any statute of limitations) or any existence of or reliance on 
any representation by the Agent that might otherwise constitute a defense 
to, or a legal or equitable discharge of, the Borrower or any other Loan 
Party or any other guarantor or surety (other than defense of payment or 
performance).

Holdings expressly authorizes the Agent, on behalf of the Secured Parties, 
to take and hold security for the payment and performance of the Guaranteed 
Obligations, to exchange, waive or release any or all such security (with 
or without consideration), to enforce or apply such security and direct the 
order and manner of any sale thereof in their sole discretion or to release 
or substitute any one or more other guarantors or obligors upon or in 
respect of the Guaranteed Obligations, all without affecting the 
obligations of Holdings hereunder.

To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, Holdings waives any 
defense based on or arising out of any defense of any other Guarantor or 
the unenforceability of the Guaranteed Obligations or any part thereof from 
any cause, or the cessation from any cause of the liability of any other 
Guarantor, other than the payment in full in cash in immediately available 
funds of all the Guaranteed Obligations. The Agent may, at its election, 
foreclose on any security held by it by one or more judicial or nonjudicial 
sales, accept an assignment of any such security in lieu of foreclosure, 
compromise or adjust any part of the Guaranteed Obligations, make any other 
accommodation with the Borrower or any other Loan Party or exercise any 
other right or remedy available to it against the Borrower or any other 
Loan Party, without affecting or impairing in any way the liability of 
Holdings hereunder, except to the extent the Guaranteed Obligations have 
been paid in full in cash in immediately available funds. To the fullest 
extent permitted by applicable law, Holdings waives any defense arising out 
of any such election even though such election operates, pursuant to 
applicable law, to impair or to extinguish any right of reimbursement or 
subrogation or other right or remedy of Holdings against any other 
Guarantor, as the case may be, or any security.
 
6

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(d) Reinstatement. Notwithstanding the provisions of Section 6.15, Holdings 
agrees that its guarantee hereunder shall continue to be effective or be 
reinstated, as the case may be, if at any time payment, or any part 
thereof, of any Guaranteed Obligation is rescinded or must otherwise be 
restored or returned by the Agent or any other Secured Party upon the 
insolvency, bankruptcy, dissolution, liquidation or reorganization of the 
Borrower or any other Loan Party, or upon or as a result of the appointment 
of a receiver, intervenor or conservator of, or trustee or similar officer 
for, the Borrower or any other Loan Party or any substantial part of its 
property, or otherwise, all as though such payment had not been made.

(e) Agreement To Pay. In furtherance of the foregoing and not in limitation 
of any other right that the Agent or any other Secured Party has at law or 
in equity against Holdings by virtue hereof, upon the failure of the 
Borrower or any other Loan Party to pay any Guaranteed Obligation when and 
as the same shall become due, whether at maturity, by acceleration, after 
notice of prepayment or otherwise, Holdings hereby promises to and will 
forthwith pay, or cause to be paid, to the Agent for distribution to the 
applicable Secured Party in cash in immediately available funds the amount 
of such unpaid Guaranteed Obligation.

(f) Information. Holdings assumes all responsibility for being and keeping 
itself informed of the Borrower’s and each other Loan Party’s financial 
condition and assets, and of all other circumstances bearing upon the risk 
of nonpayment of the Guaranteed Obligations and the nature, scope and 
extent of the risks that Holdings assumes and incurs hereunder, and agrees 
that neither the Agent nor any other Secured Party will have any duty to 
advise Holdings of information known to it or any of them regarding such 
circumstances or risks.

(g) Maximum Liability. Holdings, and by its acceptance of this Agreement, 
the Agent and each Secured Party, hereby confirm that it is the intention 
of all such persons that this Agreement and the Guaranteed Obligations not 
constitute a fraudulent transfer or conveyance for purposes of the U.S. 
Bankruptcy Code or any other federal, state or foreign bankruptcy, 
insolvency, receivership or similar law, the Uniform Fraudulent Conveyance 
Act, the Uniform Fraudulent Transfer Act or any similar foreign, federal or 
state law to the extent applicable to this Agreement and the Guaranteed 
Obligations. To effectuate the foregoing intention, the Agent, the Secured 
Parties and Holdings hereby irrevocably agree that the Guaranteed 
Obligations at any time shall be limited to the maximum amount as will 
result in the Guaranteed Obligations not constituting a fraudulent transfer 
or conveyance.

(h) Limited Recourse. Notwithstanding anything herein or in the Credit 
Agreement, any other Loan Document or any Other First Lien Agreement to the 
contrary, the Guaranteed Obligations are limited recourse obligations 
payable solely from the Pledged Collateral pledged by Holdings hereunder 
and, following realization of the Pledged Collateral pledged by Holdings 
(whether through sale, foreclosure or otherwise) and the application 
thereof in accordance with this Agreement, such Guaranteed Obligations 
shall be extinguished and shall not revive.


ARTICLE III

Pledge of Equity Interests

SECTION 3.01. Pledge. As security for the payment or performance, as the 
case may be, in full of the Guaranteed Obligations, Holdings hereby assigns 
and pledges to the Agent, its successors and permitted assigns, for the 
benefit of the Secured Parties, and hereby grants to the Agent, its 
successors and permitted assigns, for the benefit of the Secured Parties, a 
security interest in all of Holdings’ right, title and interest in, to and 
under:
 
7

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(a) the Equity Interests of the Borrower directly owned by Holdings (which 
such Equity Interests as of the Closing Date shall be listed on Schedule I
) and any certificates representing all such Equity Interests 
(collectively, the “Pledged Borrower Stock”);

(b) subject to Section 3.08, all payments of principal or interest, 
dividends, cash, instruments and other property from time to time received, 
receivable or otherwise distributed in respect of, in exchange for or upon 
the conversion of, and all other proceeds received in respect of, the 
Pledged Borrower Stock;

(c) subject to Section 3.08, all rights and privileges of Holdings with 
respect to the Pledged Borrower Stock and other property referred to in 
clause (b) above; and

(d) all proceeds of any of the foregoing (the items referred to in clauses 
(a) through this clause (d) being collectively referred to as the “Pledged 
Collateral”); provided that the Pledged Collateral shall not include any 
Excluded Property.

TO HAVE AND TO HOLD the Pledged Collateral, together with all right, title, 
interest, powers, privileges and preferences pertaining or incidental 
thereto, unto the Agent, its successors and permitted assigns, for the 
benefit of the Secured Parties, forever; subject, however, to the terms, 
covenants and conditions hereinafter set forth.

Notwithstanding anything else to the contrary, in the event that Rule 3-16 
of Regulation S-X under the Securities Act (as such Rule 3-16 may be 
amended, modified or interpreted by the SEC, “Rule 3-16”) would require (or 
is replaced with another rule or regulation, or any other law, rule or 
regulation is adopted, which would require) the filing with the SEC (or any 
other Governmental Authority) of separate financial statements of the 
Borrower due to the fact that the Pledged Borrower Stock secures any Series 
of the Other First Lien Obligations affected thereby, then the Pledged 
Borrower Stock (the “Regulation S-X Excluded Collateral”) will 
automatically be deemed not to be part of the Pledged Collateral securing 
such Series of Other First Lien Obligations affected thereby, but only to 
the extent necessary to not be subject to such requirement and only for so 
long as required to not be subject to such requirement. In such event, this 
Agreement may be amended or modified, without the consent of any Secured 
Party, to the extent necessary to release the Lien on the Regulation S-X 
Excluded Collateral in favor of the Agent with respect only to the relevant 
Series of Other First Lien Obligations. In the event that Rule 3-16 is 
amended, modified or interpreted by the SEC to permit (or is replaced with 
another rule or regulation, or any other law, rule or regulation is 
adopted, which would permit) any Regulation S-X Excluded Collateral to 
secure the Other First Lien Obligations in excess of the amount then 
pledged without the filing with the SEC (or any other Governmental 
Authority) of separate financial statements of the Borrower, then the 
Pledged Borrower Stock will automatically be deemed to be a part of the 
Pledged Collateral for the relevant Series of Other First Lien Obligations. 
For the avoidance of doubt and notwithstanding anything to the contrary in 
this Agreement, nothing in this paragraph shall limit the pledge of such 
Pledged Borrower Stock and other securities from securing the Secured 
Obligations (other than the relevant Series of Other First Lien 
Obligations) at all relevant times
 
8

------------------------------------------------------------------------
or from securing any Other First Lien Obligations that are not in respect 
of securities subject to regulation by the SEC. To the extent any proceeds 
of any collection or sale of Pledged Borrower Stock deemed by this 
paragraph to no longer constitute part of the Pledged Collateral for the 
relevant Series of Other First Lien Obligations are to be applied by the 
Agent in accordance with Section 5.02 hereof, such proceeds shall, 
notwithstanding the terms of Section 5.02 and the First Lien Intercreditor 
Agreement, not be applied to the payment of such Series of Other First Lien 
Obligations.

SECTION 3.02. Delivery of Pledged Collateral.

(a) Subject to the provisions of Section 6.16, Holdings agrees promptly 
(and in any event within 45 days after the acquisition or such longer time 
as the Applicable First Lien Representative shall permit in its reasonable 
discretion) to deliver or cause to be delivered to the Agent, for the 
benefit of the Secured Parties, any and all Pledged Securities.

(b) Subject to the provisions of Section 6.16, upon delivery to the Agent 
within the time period set forth in clause (a) above, (i) any Pledged 
Securities required to be delivered pursuant to the foregoing paragraph (a) 
of this Section 3.02 shall be accompanied by stock powers, duly executed in 
blank or other instruments of transfer reasonably satisfactory to the Agent 
and by such other instruments and documents as the Agent may reasonably 
request and (ii) all other property comprising part of the Pledged 
Collateral delivered pursuant to the terms of this Agreement shall be 
accompanied to the extent necessary to perfect the security interest in or 
allow realization on the Pledged Collateral by proper instruments of 
assignment duly executed by Holdings and such other instruments or 
documents as the Agent may reasonably request. Each delivery of Pledged 
Securities shall be accompanied by a schedule describing the securities, 
which schedule shall be attached hereto as Schedule I (or a supplement to 
Schedule I, as applicable) and made a part hereof; provided, that failure 
to attach any such schedule hereto shall not affect the validity of such 
pledge of such Pledged Collateral. Each schedule so delivered shall be 
deemed to supplement any prior schedules so delivered.

SECTION 3.03. Representations and Warranties. Holdings represents and 
warrants to the Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties:

(a) the Pledged Borrower Stock listed on Schedule I (as such Schedule may 
be updated from time to time) constitutes all of the issued and outstanding 
Equity Interests of the Borrower issued to Holdings;

(b) the Pledged Borrower Stock has been duly and validly authorized and 
issued and are fully paid;

(c) Holdings is the direct record and beneficial owner of, and has good 
title to, the Pledged Borrower Stock listed on Schedule I (as such Schedule 
may be updated from time to time) owned by Holdings, free of any and all 
Liens except Permitted Liens; and

(d) other than as set forth in the Credit Agreement or the schedules 
thereto or, after the termination of the Credit Agreement, in any Other 
First Lien Agreement, and except for restrictions and limitations imposed 
by the Loan Documents and any Other First Lien Agreement then in effect, 
Gaming Laws or securities laws generally or otherwise not prohibited by the 
Loan Documents and any Other First Lien
 
9

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Agreement then in effect, the Pledged Borrower Stock is and will continue 
to be freely transferable and assignable, and none of the Pledged Borrower 
Stock is or will be subject to any option, right of first refusal, 
shareholders agreement, charter, by-law, memorandum of association or 
articles of association provisions or contractual restriction of any nature 
that might prohibit, impair, delay or otherwise affect the pledge of the 
Pledged Collateral hereunder, the Disposition thereof pursuant hereto or 
the exercise by the Agent of rights and remedies hereunder other than under 
applicable Requirements of Law (including Gaming Laws);

(e) Holdings has the power and authority to pledge the Pledged Collateral 
pledged by it hereunder in the manner hereby done or contemplated;

(f) other than as set forth in the Credit Agreement or the schedules 
thereto or in the other Loan Documents or as required under Gaming Laws, as 
of the Closing Date, no consent or approval of any Governmental Authority, 
any securities exchange or any other person was or is necessary to the 
validity of the pledge effected hereby (other than such as have been 
obtained and are in full force and effect);

(g) by virtue of the execution and delivery by Holdings of this Agreement, 
when the Pledged Securities are delivered to the Agent, for the benefit of 
the Secured Parties, in accordance with this Agreement, and a Uniform 
Commercial Code financing statement naming the Agent as the secured party 
and covering the Pledged Collateral is filed in the appropriate filing 
office, the Agent will obtain, for the benefit of the Secured Parties, a 
legal, valid and perfected lien upon and security interest in such Pledged 
Collateral, subject only to Permitted Liens, as security for the payment of 
the Guaranteed Obligations, to the extent such perfection is governed by 
the Uniform Commercial Code.

SECTION 3.04. Covenants. Holdings covenants and agrees with the Agent and 
the Secured Parties, that, from and after the date of this Agreement until 
the date of its termination pursuant to Section 6.15(a):

(a) Holdings agrees to pay, and to save the Agent and the Secured Parties 
harmless from, any and all liabilities with respect to, or resulting from 
any delay in paying, any and all stamp, excise, sales or other similar 
taxes which may be payable or determined to be payable with respect to any 
of the Pledged Collateral or in connection with any of the transactions 
contemplated by this Agreement all in accordance with all of the terms, 
covenants and agreements that Section 2.17 of the Credit Agreement requires 
Holdings to perform or observe, subject to the qualifications set forth 
therein.

(b) Holdings agrees to furnish to the Agent prompt written notice of any 
change in (i) its organization name, (ii) its identity or organizational 
structure, (iii) its organizational identification number, (iv) its 
jurisdiction of organization or (v) the location of its chief executive 
office if it is not a registered organization; provided that Holdings 
agrees not to effect or permit any such change unless all filings have been 
made, or will have been made within any applicable statutory period 
following such change, under the Uniform Commercial Code or otherwise that 
are required in order for the Agent to continue at all times following such 
change to have a valid, legal and perfected security interest in all the 
Pledged Collateral in which a security interest may be perfected by such 
filing, for the benefit of the Secured Parties.
 
10

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(c) Holdings agrees it will make no assignment, pledge, hypothecation or 
transfer of, or create or permit to exist any security interest in or other 
Lien on, the Pledged Collateral, and will not Dispose of any other Pledged 
Collateral, in each case other than pursuant to a transaction not 
prohibited by any Loan Document and any Other First Lien Agreement then in 
effect and other than Permitted Liens.

(d) Subject to the rights of Holdings under the Loan Documents and each 
Other First Lien Agreement then in effect to Dispose of Pledged Collateral, 
Holdings shall, at its own expense, use commercially reasonable efforts to 
defend its title to the Pledged Collateral against all persons and to 
defend the security interest of the Agent, for the benefit of the Secured 
Parties, in the Pledged Collateral and the priority thereof against any 
Lien that is not a Permitted Lien.

(e) Holdings agrees, at its own expense, to execute, acknowledge, deliver 
and cause to be duly filed all such further instruments and documents and 
take all such actions as the Agent may from time to time reasonably request 
to better assure, preserve, protect and perfect the Agent’s security 
interest and the rights and remedies created hereby, including the payment 
of any fees and taxes required in connection with the execution and 
delivery of this Agreement and the granting of the security interest and 
the filing of any financing statements or other documents in connection 
herewith or therewith.

SECTION 3.05. Registration in Nominee Name; Denominations. The Agent, on 
behalf of the Secured Parties, shall have the right (in its sole and 
absolute discretion) to hold the Pledged Securities in the name of 
Holdings, endorsed or assigned in blank or in favor of the Agent or, if an 
Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, in its own name as 
pledgee or the name of its nominee (as pledgee or as sub-agent). Following 
the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, Holdings 
will promptly give to the Agent copies of any notices or other 
communications received by it with respect to Pledged Securities registered 
in the name of Holdings. If an Event of Default shall have occurred and be 
continuing, the Agent shall have the right to exchange the certificates 
representing Pledged Securities for certificates of smaller or larger 
denominations for any purpose consistent with this Agreement. Holdings 
shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to cause any Subsidiary of 
the Borrower that is not a party to this Agreement to comply with a request 
by the Agent, pursuant to this Section 3.05, to exchange certificates 
representing Pledged Securities of such Subsidiary for certificates of 
smaller or larger denominations.

SECTION 3.06. Financing Statements. Holdings hereby irrevocably authorizes 
the Agent at any time and from time to time to file in any relevant 
jurisdiction any initial financing statements with respect to the Pledged 
Collateral or any part thereof and amendments thereto that contain the 
information required by Article 9 of the Uniform Commercial Code of each 
applicable jurisdiction for the filing of any financing statement or 
amendment, including (i) whether Holdings is an organization, the type of 
organization and any organizational identification number issued to 
Holdings and (ii) a description of collateral that describes such property 
in any other manner as the Agent may reasonably determine is necessary or 
advisable to ensure the perfection of the security interest in the Pledged 
Collateral.
 
11

------------------------------------------------------------------------
SECTION 3.07. Certification of Pledged Borrower Stock. Holdings hereby 
represents and warrants to the Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties 
that as of the Closing Date none of the Pledged Borrower Stock is a 
“security” (within the meaning of Section 8-103 of the New York UCC or the 
corresponding code or statute of any other applicable jurisdiction) and 
covenants that Holdings shall at no time elect to treat any of the Pledged 
Borrower Stock as a “security” or issue any certificate representing such 
interest unless Holdings provides the Agent notification thereof and 
delivers any such certificate to the Agent pursuant to Section 3.02(a).

SECTION 3.08. Voting Rights; Dividends and Interest, Etc.

(a) Unless and until an Event of Default shall have occurred and be 
continuing and the Agent shall have given written notice to Holdings of the 
Agent’s intention to exercise its rights hereunder:

(i) Holdings shall be entitled to exercise any and all voting and/or other 
consensual rights and powers inuring to an owner of Pledged Collateral or 
any part thereof for any purpose not prohibited by the terms of this 
Agreement, the Credit Agreement and each Other First Lien Agreement then in 
effect; provided that, except as not prohibited by the Credit Agreement, 
any other Loan Documents and each Other First Lien Agreement then in 
effect, such rights and powers shall not be exercised in any manner that 
could materially and adversely affect the rights and remedies of the Agent 
or any other Secured Party under this Agreement, the Credit Agreement, any 
other Loan Documents or any Other First Lien Agreement or the ability of 
the Secured Parties to exercise the same.

(ii) The Agent shall promptly execute and deliver to Holdings, or cause to 
be executed and delivered to Holdings, all such proxies, powers of attorney 
and other instruments as Holdings may reasonably request for the purpose of 
enabling Holdings to exercise the voting and/or consensual rights and 
powers it is entitled to exercise pursuant to subparagraph (i) above.

(iii) Holdings shall be entitled to receive and retain any and all 
dividends, interest, principal and other distributions paid on or 
distributed in respect of the Pledged Collateral to the extent and only to 
the extent that such dividends, interest, principal and other distributions 
are not prohibited by, and otherwise paid or distributed in accordance 
with, the terms and conditions of the Credit Agreement, any other Loan 
Documents and each Other First Lien Agreement then in effect and applicable 
laws; provided that any noncash dividends, interest, principal or other 
distributions that would constitute Pledged Borrower Stock, whether 
resulting from a subdivision, combination or reclassification of the 
outstanding Equity Interests of the Borrower, received in exchange for 
Pledged Borrower Stock or any part thereof, or in redemption thereof or as 
a result of any merger, consolidation, acquisition or other exchange of 
assets to which the Borrower may be a party or otherwise, shall be and 
become part of the Pledged Collateral, and, if received by Holdings, shall 
be promptly (and in any event within 45 days following their receipt (or 
such longer time as the Applicable First Lien Representative shall permit 
in its reasonable discretion)) delivered to the Agent, for the benefit of 
the Secured Parties, in the same form as so received (endorsed in a manner 
reasonably satisfactory to the Agent).
 
12

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(b) Upon the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default 
and upon written notice by the Agent to Holdings of the Agent’s intention 
to exercise its rights hereunder, all rights of Holdings to receive 
dividends, interest, principal or other distributions with respect to the 
Pledged Securities that Holdings is authorized to receive pursuant to 
paragraph (a)(iii) of this Section 3.08 shall cease, and all such rights 
shall thereupon become vested, for the benefit of the Secured Parties, in 
the Agent, which shall have the sole and exclusive right and authority to 
receive and retain such dividends, interest, principal or other 
distributions ; provided that, notwithstanding the occurrence and 
continuation of an Event of Default, Holdings may continue to receive 
dividends and distributions made pursuant to subclause (i), subclause (iii) 
and subclause (v) of Section 6.06(b) of the Credit Agreement. All 
dividends, interest, principal or other distributions received by Holdings 
contrary to the provisions of this Section 3.08 shall not be commingled by 
Holdings with any of its other funds or property but shall be held separate 
and apart therefrom, shall be held in trust for the benefit of the Agent, 
for the benefit of the Secured Parties, and shall be forthwith delivered to 
the Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties, in the same form as so 
received (endorsed in a manner reasonably satisfactory to the Agent). Any 
and all money and other property paid over to or received by the Agent 
pursuant to the provisions of this paragraph (b) shall be retained by the 
Agent in an account to be established by the Agent upon receipt of such 
money or other property and shall be applied in accordance with the 
provisions of Section 5.02. After all Events of Default have been cured or 
waived and the Borrower has delivered to the Agent a certificate to that 
effect, the Agent shall promptly repay to Holdings (without interest) all 
dividends, interest, principal or other distributions that Holdings would 
otherwise be permitted to retain pursuant to the terms of paragraph 
(a)(iii) of this Section 3.08 and that remain in such account.

(c) Upon the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default 
and after written notice by the Agent to Holdings of the Agent’s intention 
to exercise its rights hereunder, subject to applicable Gaming Laws, all 
rights of Holdings to exercise the voting and/or consensual rights and 
powers it is entitled to exercise pursuant to paragraph (a)(i) of this 
Section 3.08, and the obligations of the Agent under paragraph (a)(ii) of 
this Section 3.08, shall cease, and all such rights shall thereupon become 
vested in the Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties, which shall 
have the sole and exclusive right and authority to exercise such voting and 
consensual rights and powers; provided that, unless otherwise directed by 
the Applicable First Lien Representative, the Agent shall have the right 
from time to time following and during the continuance of an Event of 
Default to permit Holdings to exercise such rights. After all Events of 
Default have been cured or waived and the Borrower has delivered to the 
Agent a certificate to that effect, all rights of Holdings to exercise the 
voting and/or other consensual rights and powers it is entitled to exercise 
pursuant to paragraph (a)(i) of this Section 3.08 shall continue and all 
such rights shall no longer be vested in the Agent for the benefit of the 
Secured Parties, and the obligations of the Agent under paragraph (a)(ii) 
of this Section 3.08 shall be reinstated,
 
13

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(d) Any notice given by the Agent to Holdings suspending Holdings’ rights 
under paragraph (a)(i) of this Section 3.08 may be given by telephone if 
promptly confirmed in writing and (ii) may suspend the rights of Holdings 
under paragraph (a)(i) or paragraph (a)(iii) of this Section 3.08 in part 
without suspending all such rights (as specified by the Agent in its sole 
and absolute discretion) and without waiving or otherwise affecting the 
Agent’s rights to give additional notices from time to time suspending 
other rights so long as an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing.

SECTION 3.09. Powers Coupled with an Interest. All authorizations and 
agencies herein contained with respect to the Pledged Collateral are 
irrevocable and powers coupled with an interest.


ARTICLE IV

[Reserved]


ARTICLE V

Remedies

SECTION 5.01. Remedies Upon Default . In accordance with, and to the extent 
consistent with, the terms of any applicable Intercreditor Agreement and 
applicable Requirements of Law (including Gaming Laws), the Agent may take 
any action specified in this Section 5.01. If an Event of Default shall 
occur and be continuing and the Agent shall have given notice of its intent 
to exercise its rights hereunder to Holdings, the Agent, on behalf of the 
Secured Parties, may exercise, in addition to all other rights and remedies 
granted in this Agreement and in any other instrument or agreement 
securing, evidencing or relating to the Secured Obligations, all rights and 
remedies of a secured party under the New York UCC or applicable law. 
Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Agent, without demand 
of performance or other demand, presentment, protest, advertisement or 
notice of any kind (except any notice required by law referred to below and 
any notice referred to in the preceding sentence) to or upon Holdings, the 
Borrower, or any other Person (all and each of which demands, defenses, 
advertisements and notices are hereby waived), may in such circumstances 
forthwith collect, receive, appropriate and realize upon the Pledged 
Collateral, or any part thereof, and/or may forthwith sell, assign, give 
option or options to purchase or otherwise Dispose of and deliver the 
Pledged Collateral or any part thereof (or contract to do any of the 
foregoing), in one or more parcels at public or private sale or sales, in 
the over-the-counter market, at any exchange or broker’s board or office of 
the Agent or any Secured Party or elsewhere upon such terms and conditions 
as it may deem advisable and at such prices as it may deem best, for cash 
or on credit or for future delivery without assumption of any credit risk. 
The Agent shall give Holdings 10 days’ written notice (which Holdings 
agrees is reasonable notice within the meaning of Section 9-611 of the New 
York UCC or its equivalent in other jurisdictions) of the Agent’s intention 
to make any Disposition of Pledged Collateral. Such notice, in the case of 
a public sale, shall state the time and place for such sale and, in the 
case of a sale at a broker’s board or on a securities exchange, shall state 
the board or exchange at which such sale is to be made and the day on which 
the Pledged Collateral, or portion thereof, will first be offered for sale 
at such board or exchange. Any such public sale shall be held at such time 
or times within ordinary business hours and at such place or places as the 
Agent may fix and state in the notice (if any) of such sale. At any such 
sale, the Pledged Collateral, or the portion thereof, to be sold may be 
sold in one lot as an entirety or in separate parcels, as the Agent may
 
14

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(in its sole and absolute discretion) determine. The Agent shall not be 
obligated to make any sale of any Pledged Collateral if it shall determine 
not to do so, regardless of the fact that notice of sale of such Pledged 
Collateral shall have been given. The Agent or any Secured Party shall have 
the right upon any such public sale or sales, and, to the extent permitted 
by law, upon any such private sale or sales, to purchase the whole or any 
part of the Pledged Collateral so sold, free of any right or equity of 
redemption in Holdings, which right or equity is hereby waived or released.

SECTION 5.02. Application of Proceeds. The Agent shall, subject to any 
applicable Intercreditor Agreement, promptly apply the proceeds, moneys or 
balances of any collection or sale of Pledged Collateral realized through 
the exercise by the Agent of its remedies hereunder, as well as any Pledged 
Collateral consisting of cash at any time when remedies are being exercised 
hereunder, as follows:

FIRST, to the payment of all out-of-pocket costs and expenses incurred by 
the Agent in connection with such collection or sale or otherwise in 
connection with this Agreement, any other Loan Document, any Other First 
Lien Agreement or any of the Guaranteed Obligations, including all court 
costs and the fees and expenses of its agents and legal counsel, the 
repayment of all advances made by the Agent hereunder or under any other 
Loan Document or any Other First Lien Agreement on behalf of Holdings, any 
other costs or expenses incurred in connection with the exercise of any 
right or remedy hereunder or under any other Loan Document or any Other 
First Lien Agreement, and other fees, indemnities and other amounts owing 
or reimbursable to the Agent under any Loan Document or any Other First 
Lien Agreement in its capacity as such;

SECOND, to the payment in full of the Guaranteed Obligations secured by 
such Pledged Collateral (the amounts so applied to be distributed among the 
Series of Secured Obligations pro rata based on the respective amounts of 
such Secured Obligations owed to the applicable Secured Parties in respect 
of each Series on the date of any such distribution (or in accordance with 
such other method of distribution as may be set forth in any applicable 
Intercreditor Agreement), with (x) the portion thereof distributed to the 
Credit Agreement Secured Parties to be further distributed in accordance 
with the order of priority set forth in Section 7.02 of the Credit 
Agreement and (y) the portion thereof distributed to the Secured Parties of 
any other Series to be further distributed in accordance with the 
applicable provisions of the Other First Lien Agreements governing such 
Series); and

THIRD, to Holdings, its successors or assigns, or as a court of competent 
jurisdiction may otherwise direct;

provided, that in no event shall the proceeds of any collection or sale of 
any Specified Excluded Collateral be applied to the relevant Series of 
Secured Obligations under any Other First Lien Agreement.
 
15

------------------------------------------------------------------------
The Agent shall have absolute discretion as to the time of application of 
any such proceeds, moneys or balances in accordance with this Agreement. 
Upon the request of the Agent prior to any distribution under this Section 
5.02, each Authorized Representative shall provide to the Agent 
certificates, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Agent, 
setting forth the respective amounts referred to in this Section 5.02 that 
each applicable Secured Party or its Authorized Representative believes it 
is entitled to receive, and the Agent shall be fully entitled to rely on 
such certificates. Upon any sale of Pledged Collateral by the Agent 
(including pursuant to a power of sale granted by statute or under a 
judicial proceeding), the receipt of the purchase money by the Agent or of 
the officer making the sale shall be a sufficient discharge to the 
purchaser or purchasers of the Pledged Collateral so sold and such 
purchaser or purchasers shall not be obligated to see to the application of 
any part of the purchase money paid over to the Agent or such officer or be 
answerable in any way for the misapplication thereof.

SECTION 5.03. Securities Act, Etc. In view of the position of Holdings in 
relation to the Pledged Collateral, or because of other current or future 
circumstances, a question may arise under the Securities Act, or any 
similar federal statute hereafter enacted analogous in purpose or effect 
(such Act and any such similar statute as from time to time in effect being 
called the “Federal Securities Laws”) with respect to any Disposition of 
the Pledged Collateral permitted hereunder. Holdings understands that 
compliance with the Federal Securities Laws might very strictly limit the 
course of conduct of the Agent if the Agent were to attempt to Dispose of 
all or any part of the Pledged Collateral, and might also limit the extent 
to which or the manner in which any subsequent transferee of any Pledged 
Collateral could Dispose of the same. Similarly, there may be other legal 
restrictions or limitations affecting the Agent in any attempt to Dispose 
of all or part of the Pledged Collateral under applicable Blue Sky or other 
state securities laws or similar laws analogous in purpose or effect. 
Holdings acknowledges and agrees that in light of such restrictions and 
limitations, the Agent, subject to any applicable Intercreditor Agreement, 
in its sole and absolute discretion, (a) may proceed to make such a sale 
whether or not a registration statement for the purpose of registering such 
Pledged Collateral or part thereof shall have been filed under the Federal 
Securities Laws or, to the extent applicable, Blue Sky or other state 
securities laws and (b) may approach and negotiate with a single potential 
purchaser to effect such sale. Holdings acknowledges and agrees that any 
such sale might result in prices and other terms less favorable to the 
seller than if such sale were a public sale without such restrictions. In 
the event of any such sale, the Agent shall incur no responsibility or 
liability for selling all or any part of the Pledged Collateral at a price 
that the Agent, subject to any applicable Intercreditor Agreement, in its 
sole and absolute discretion, may in good faith deem reasonable under the 
circumstances, notwithstanding the possibility that a substantially higher 
price might have been realized if the sale were deferred until after 
registration as aforesaid or if more than a single purchaser were 
approached. The provisions of this Section 5.03 will apply notwithstanding 
the existence of a public or private market upon which the quotations or 
sales prices may exceed substantially the price at which the Agent sells.
 
16

------------------------------------------------------------------------
ARTICLE VI

Miscellaneous

SECTION 6.01. Notices. All communications and notices hereunder shall 
(except as otherwise expressly permitted herein) be in writing and given as 
provided in Section 9.01 of the Credit Agreement (whether or not then in 
effect), and all notices to any holder of obligations under any Other First 
Lien Agreements shall be given at its address set forth in the Other First 
Lien Secured Party Consent or in the First Lien Intercreditor Agreement 
(upon and during the effectiveness thereof), in each case of the foregoing, 
as such address may be changed by written notice to the Agent and Holdings.

SECTION 6.02. Security Interest Absolute. To the extent not prohibited by 
applicable law and subject to Section 2.01(h), all rights of the Agent 
hereunder, the security interest in the Pledged Collateral and all 
obligations of Holdings hereunder shall be absolute and unconditional 
irrespective of (a) any lack of validity or enforceability of any Loan 
Document, any other agreement with respect to any of the Secured 
Obligations or any other agreement or instrument relating to any of the 
foregoing, (b) any change in the time, manner or place of payment of, or in 
any other term of, all or any of the Secured Obligations, or any other 
amendment or waiver of or any consent to any departure from any Loan 
Document or any other agreement or instrument, (c) any exchange, release or 
non-perfection of any Lien on other collateral, or any release or amendment 
or waiver of or consent under or departure from any guarantee, securing or 
guaranteeing all or any of the Secured Obligations or (d) any other 
circumstance that might otherwise constitute a defense available to, or a 
discharge of, Holdings in respect of the Secured Obligations or this 
Agreement (other than a defense of payment or performance).

SECTION 6.03. Limitation by Law. All rights, remedies and powers provided 
in this Agreement may be exercised only to the extent that the exercise 
thereof does not violate any applicable Requirement of Law (including any 
Gaming Law), and all the provisions of this Agreement are intended to be 
subject to all applicable Requirements of Law (including any Gaming Law) 
that may be controlling and to be limited to the extent necessary so that 
they shall not render this Agreement invalid, unenforceable, in whole or in 
part, or not entitled to be recorded, registered or filed under the 
provisions of any applicable Requirement of Law (including any Gaming Law).

SECTION 6.04. Binding Effect; Several Agreement. This Agreement shall 
become effective as to any party to this Agreement when a counterpart 
hereof executed on behalf of such party shall have been delivered to the 
Agent and a counterpart hereof shall have been executed on behalf of the 
Agent, and thereafter shall be binding upon such party and the Agent and 
their respective permitted successors and assigns, and shall inure to the 
benefit of such party, the Agent and the other Secured Parties and their 
respective permitted successors and assigns, except that no party shall 
have the right to assign or transfer its rights or obligations hereunder or 
any interest herein or in the Pledged Collateral (and any such assignment 
or transfer shall be void) except as not prohibited by this Agreement or 
the Credit Agreement or, after the termination of the Credit Agreement, any 
Other First Lien Agreement. This Agreement shall be construed as a separate 
agreement with respect to each party and may be amended, modified, 
supplemented, waived or released in accordance with Section 6.09 or 6.15, 
as applicable.

SECTION 6.05. Successors and Assigns. Whenever in this Agreement any of the 
parties hereto is referred to, such reference shall be deemed to include 
the permitted successors and assigns of such party; and all covenants, 
promises and agreements by or on behalf of Holdings or the Agent that are 
contained in this Agreement shall bind and inure to the benefit of their 
respective permitted successors and assigns.
 
17

------------------------------------------------------------------------
SECTION 6.06. Agent’s Fees and Expenses.

(a) The parties hereto agree that the Agent shall be entitled to 
reimbursement of its expenses incurred hereunder by Holdings, and the Agent 
and other Indemnitees shall be indemnified by Holdings, in each case of 
this clause (a), mutatis mutandis, as provided in Section 9.05 of the 
Credit Agreement and the equivalent provision of any Other First Lien 
Agreement.

(b) Any such amounts payable as provided hereunder shall be additional 
Secured Obligations secured hereby and by the other Security Documents. The 
provisions of this Section 6.06 shall remain operative and in full force 
and effect regardless of the termination of this Agreement, any other Loan 
Document or any Other First Lien Agreement, the consummation of the 
transactions contemplated hereby, the repayment of any of the Secured 
Obligations, the invalidity or unenforceability of any term or provision of 
this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any Other First Lien Agreement, 
or any investigation made by or on behalf of the Agent or any other Secured 
Party. All amounts due under this Section 6.06 shall be payable within 
fifteen days (or such longer period as the Agent may agree) of written 
demand therefor, accompanied by reasonable documentation with respect to 
any reimbursement, indemnification or other amount requested.

(c) The agreements in this Section 6.06 shall survive the resignation of 
the Agent and the termination of this Agreement.

SECTION 6.07. Agent Appointed Attorney-in-Fact. Holdings hereby appoints 
the Agent the attorney-in-fact of Holdings for the purpose of carrying out 
the provisions of this Agreement and, upon the occurrence and during the 
continuance of an Event of Default, taking any action and executing any 
instrument that the Agent may deem necessary or advisable to accomplish the 
purposes hereof, which appointment is irrevocable and coupled with an 
interest. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, subject to any 
applicable Requirements of Law (including Gaming Laws) and any applicable 
Intercreditor Agreement, the Agent shall have the right, upon the 
occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, with full 
power of substitution either in the Agent’s name or in the name of 
Holdings, (a) to receive, endorse, assign or deliver any and all notes, 
acceptances, checks, drafts, money orders or other evidences of payment 
relating to the Pledged Collateral or any part thereof; (b) to demand, 
collect, receive payment of, give receipt for and give discharges and 
releases of all or any of the Pledged Collateral; (c) to ask for, demand, 
sue for, collect, receive and give acquittance for any and all moneys due 
or to become due under and by virtue of any Pledged Collateral; (d) to sign 
the name of Holdings on any invoice or bill of lading relating to any of 
the Pledged Collateral; (e) to commence and prosecute any and all suits, 
actions or proceedings at law or in equity in any court of competent 
jurisdiction to collect or otherwise realize on all or any of the Pledged 
Collateral or to enforce any rights in respect of any Pledged Collateral; 
(f) to settle, compromise, compound, adjust or defend any actions, suits or 
proceedings relating to all or any of the Pledged Collateral; and (g) to 
use, sell, assign, transfer, pledge, make any agreement with respect to or 
otherwise deal with all or any of the Pledged Collateral, and to do all 
other acts and things necessary to
 
18

------------------------------------------------------------------------
carry out the purposes of this Agreement, as fully and completely as though 
the Agent were the absolute owner of the Pledged Collateral for all 
purposes; provided that nothing herein contained shall be construed as 
requiring or obligating the Agent to make any commitment or to make any 
inquiry as to the nature or sufficiency of any payment received by the 
Agent, or to present or file any claim or notice, or to take any action 
with respect to the Pledged Collateral or any part thereof or the moneys 
due or to become due in respect thereof or any property covered thereby. 
The Agent and the other Secured Parties shall be accountable only for 
amounts actually received as a result of the exercise of the powers granted 
to them herein, and neither they nor their officers, directors, employees 
or agents shall be responsible to Holdings for any act or failure to act 
hereunder, except for their own gross negligence or willful misconduct.

SECTION 6.08. GOVERNING LAW. THIS AGREEMENT AND THE RIGHTS AND OBLIGATIONS 
OF THE PARTIES UNDER THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH 
AND GOVERNED BY THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK.

SECTION 6.09. Waivers; Amendment; Extension of Time.

(a) No failure or delay by the Agent, any Issuing Bank, any Lender or any 
other Secured Party in exercising any right, power or remedy hereunder or 
under any other Loan Document or any Other First Lien Agreement shall 
operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise of 
any such right, power or remedy, or any abandonment or discontinuance of 
steps to enforce such a right, power or remedy, preclude any other or 
further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right, power or 
remedy. The rights, powers and remedies of the Agent, any Issuing Bank, the 
Lenders or any other Secured Party hereunder and under the other Loan 
Documents and any Other First Lien Agreement are cumulative and are not 
exclusive of any rights, powers or remedies that they would otherwise have. 
No waiver of any provision of this Agreement or consent to any departure by 
Holdings therefrom shall in any event be effective unless the same shall be 
permitted by paragraph (b) of this Section 6.09, and then such waiver or 
consent shall be effective only in the specific instance and for the 
purpose for which given. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, 
the making of a Loan, the increase of any Other First Lien Obligations or 
the issuance of a Letter of Credit shall not be construed as a waiver of 
any Default or Event of Default, regardless of whether the Agent, any 
Lender, any Issuing Bank or any other Secured Party may have had notice or 
knowledge of such Default or Event of Default at the time. No notice or 
demand on Holdings in any case shall entitle any Loan Party to any other or 
further notice or demand in similar or other circumstances.

(b) Neither this Agreement nor any provision hereof may be waived, amended 
or modified except pursuant to an agreement or agreements in writing 
entered into by the Agent and Holdings, subject to any consent required in 
accordance with Section 9.08 of the Credit Agreement and any equivalent 
provision in each applicable Other First Lien Agreement and, by each other 
Authorized Representative to the extent required by (and in accordance 
with) such applicable Other First Lien Agreement, or, in each case, as 
otherwise provided in any applicable Intercreditor Agreement. The Agent may 
conclusively rely on a certificate of an officer of the Borrower as to 
whether any amendment contemplated by this Section 6.09(b) is permitted.
 
19

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(c) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, the Agent 
may grant extensions of time or waivers of the requirement for the creation 
or perfection of security interests in or the obtaining of insurance 
(including title insurance) or surveys with respect to particular assets 
(including extensions beyond the date hereof for the perfection of security 
interests in the assets of Holdings on such date) where it reasonably 
determines, in consultation with the Borrower, that perfection or obtaining 
of such items cannot be accomplished without undue effort or expense by the 
time or times at which it would otherwise be required by this Agreement, 
any other Loan Documents or any Other First Lien Agreement.

SECTION 6.10. WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL. EACH PARTY HERETO HEREBY WAIVES, TO THE 
FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO A 
TRIAL BY JURY IN RESPECT OF ANY LITIGATION DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY ARISING 
OUT OF, UNDER OR IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT, ANY OTHER LOAN 
DOCUMENTS OR ANY OTHER FIRST LIEN AGREEMENT. EACH PARTY HERETO (A) 
CERTIFIES THAT NO REPRESENTATIVE, AGENT OR ATTORNEY OF ANY OTHER PARTY HAS 
REPRESENTED, EXPRESSLY OR OTHERWISE, THAT SUCH OTHER PARTY WOULD NOT, IN 
THE EVENT OF LITIGATION, SEEK TO ENFORCE THE FOREGOING WAIVER AND (B) 
ACKNOWLEDGES THAT IT AND THE OTHER PARTIES HERETO HAVE BEEN INDUCED TO 
ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT BY, AMONG OTHER THINGS, THE MUTUAL WAIVERS AND 
CERTIFICATIONS IN THIS SECTION 6.10.

SECTION 6.11. Severability. In the event any one or more of the provisions 
contained in this Agreement should be held invalid, illegal or 
unenforceable in any respect, the validity, legality and enforceability of 
the remaining provisions contained herein shall not in any way be affected 
or impaired thereby. The parties shall endeavor in good-faith negotiations 
to replace the invalid, illegal or unenforceable provisions with valid 
provisions the economic effect of which comes as close as possible to that 
of the invalid, illegal or unenforceable provisions.

SECTION 6.12. Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in two or more 
counterparts, each of which shall constitute an original but all of which 
when taken together shall constitute but one contract, and shall become 
effective as provided in Section 6.04. Delivery of an executed counterpart 
to this Agreement by facsimile or other electronic transmission shall be as 
effective as delivery of a manually signed original.

SECTION 6.13. Headings. Article and Section headings and the Table of 
Contents used herein are for convenience of reference only, are not part of 
this Agreement and are not to affect the construction of, or to be taken 
into consideration in interpreting, this Agreement.

SECTION 6.14. Jurisdiction; Consent to Service of Process.

(a) Subject to the final sentence of this clause (a), each of the parties 
hereto hereby irrevocably and unconditionally submits, for itself and its 
property, to the exclusive jurisdiction of any New York State court or 
federal court of the United States of America sitting in New York County, 
and of the United States District Court of the Southern District of New 
York, and any appellate court from any thereof, in any action or proceeding
 
20

------------------------------------------------------------------------
arising out of or relating to this Agreement, any other Loan Document, any 
Other First Lien Agreement or the transactions relating hereto or thereto, 
or for recognition or enforcement of any judgment, and each of the parties 
hereto hereby irrevocably and unconditionally submits to the jurisdiction 
of such courts and agrees that all claims in respect of any such action, 
litigation or proceeding may be heard and determined in such New York State 
court or, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, in such 
federal court. Each of the parties hereto agrees that a final judgment in 
any such action, litigation or proceeding shall be conclusive and may be 
enforced in other jurisdictions by suit on the judgment or in any other 
manner provided by law. Nothing in this Agreement, any other Loan Document 
or any Other First Lien Agreement shall affect any right that the Agent or 
any other Secured Party may otherwise have to bring any action or 
proceeding relating to this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any Other 
First Lien Agreement against Holdings or or its properties in the courts of 
any jurisdiction.

(b) Each party to this Agreement hereby irrevocably and unconditionally 
waives, to the fullest extent it may legally and effectively do so, any 
objection which it may now or hereafter have to the laying of venue of any 
suit, action or proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement, 
any other Loan Document or any Other First Lien Agreement in any New York 
State or federal court of the United States of America sitting in New York 
County, and any appellate court from any thereof. Each of the parties 
hereto hereby irrevocably waives, to the fullest extent permitted by law, 
the defense of an inconvenient forum to the maintenance of such action or 
proceeding in any such court.

(c) Each party to this Agreement irrevocably consents to service of process 
in the manner provided for notices in Section 6.01. Nothing in this 
Agreement, any other Loan Document or any Other First Lien Agreement will 
affect the right of any party to this Agreement to serve process in any 
other manner permitted by law.

SECTION 6.15. Termination or Release.

(a) This Agreement, the pledges and guarantees made herein, the Liens in 
the Pledged Collateral created hereby and all other security interests 
granted hereby, shall automatically terminate and/or be released (i) upon 
the occurrence of the Termination Date or, if any Other First Lien 
Obligations secured by the Lien granted hereby are outstanding on the 
Termination Date, the date after the Termination Date when all such Other 
First Lien Obligations (other than contingent or unliquidated obligations 
or liabilities not then due and any other obligations that, by the terms of 
any Other First Lien Agreements, are not required to be paid in full prior 
to termination and release of the Pledged Collateral) have been paid in 
full and the Secured Parties have no further commitment to extend credit 
under any such Other First Lien Agreement, or (ii) otherwise in accordance 
with Section 9.18 of the Credit Agreement and the equivalent provision of 
any applicable Other First Lien Agreement.

(b) The security interest in the Pledged Collateral shall be automatically 
released, all without delivery of any instrument or performance of any act 
by any party, (i) upon any sale or other transfer by Holdings of any 
Pledged Collateral that is permitted by the Credit Agreement and each Other 
First Lien Agreement then in effect to any person that is not Holdings or a 
Pledgor (as defined in the Collateral Agreement), (ii) upon the 
effectiveness of any written consent to the release of the security 
interest granted hereby in any Pledged Collateral pursuant to Section 9.08 
of the Credit Agreement and any equivalent provision of each applicable 
Other First Lien Agreement (in each case, to the extent required thereby), 
or (iii) as otherwise may be provided in any applicable Intercreditor 
Agreement.
 
21

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(c) In connection with any termination or release pursuant to this Section 
6.15, the Agent shall execute and deliver to Holdings, at Holdings’ 
expense, all documents (forms of which shall be reasonably acceptable to 
the Agent) that Holdings shall reasonably request to evidence such 
termination or release (including Uniform Commercial Code termination 
statements), and will duly assign and transfer to Holdings, such of the 
Pledged Collateral that may be in the possession of the Agent and has not 
theretofore been sold or otherwise applied or released pursuant to this 
Agreement. Any execution and delivery of documents pursuant to this Section 
6.15 shall be without recourse to or warranty by the Agent. In connection 
with any release pursuant to this Section 6.15, Holdings shall be permitted 
to take any action in connection therewith consistent with such release 
including, without limitation, the filing of Uniform Commercial Code 
termination statements. Upon the receipt of any necessary or proper 
instruments of termination, satisfaction or release prepared by the 
Borrower pursuant to this Section 6.15, the Agent shall execute, deliver or 
acknowledge such instruments or releases (forms of which shall be 
reasonable acceptable to the Agent) to evidence the release of any Pledged 
Collateral permitted to be released pursuant to this Agreement. Holdings 
agrees to pay all reasonable and documented out-of-pocket expenses incurred 
by the Agent (and its representatives and counsel) in connection with the 
execution and delivery of such release documents or instruments.

SECTION 6.16. Compliance with Gaming Laws. Notwithstanding anything to the 
contrary set forth in this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any Other 
First Lien Agreement, the Agent, on behalf of the Secured Parties, 
acknowledges and agrees that:

(a) the pledge of the Pledged Borrower Stock, pursuant to this Agreement, 
any other Loan Document or any Other First Lien Agreement, will not be 
effective without the prior approval of the Gaming Authorities having 
jurisdiction in Nevada (the “Nevada Gaming Authorities”), and no 
certificates evidencing any such Pledged Borrower Stock may be delivered to 
the Agent until such approval has been obtained. Furthermore, no amendment 
of this Agreement shall be effective until any approvals required from the 
Nevada Gaming Authorities under the Gaming Laws applicable in the State of 
Nevada (“Nevada Gaming Laws”) have been obtained;

(b) in the event that Agent exercises one or more of the remedies set forth 
in this Agreement with respect to the Pledged Borrower Stock, including, 
without limitation, the foreclosure, transfer, sale, distribution or other 
disposition of any interest therein (except back to Holdings), the exercise 
of voting and consensual rights, and any other resort to or enforcement of 
the security interest in such Pledged Borrower Stock, such action will 
require the separate and prior approval of the Nevada Gaming Authorities or 
the licensing or finding of suitability of the Agent or any transferee 
thereof unless such licensing or suitability requirement is waived thereby;
 
22

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(c) the Agent, and any custodial agent of Agent in the State of Nevada, 
will be required to comply with the conditions, if any, imposed by the 
Nevada Gaming Authorities in connection with their approval of the pledge 
granted hereunder, including, without limitation, requirements that the 
Agent or its custodial agent maintain the certificates evidencing the 
Pledged Borrower Stock at a location in Nevada (notice of which the Agent 
or its custodial agent shall provide to the Nevada Gaming Authorities) and 
that the Agent or its custodial agent permit agents or employees of the 
Nevada Gaming Authorities to inspect such certificates upon request;

(d) neither the Agent nor any custodial agent of the Agent will be 
permitted to surrender possession of any Pledged Borrower Stock to any 
person other than Holdings without the prior approval of the Nevada Gaming 
Authorities or as otherwise permitted by the Gaming Laws;

(e) any approval of the Nevada Gaming Authorities of this Agreement, or any 
amendment hereto, does not constitute approval, either express or implied, 
of the Agent to take any actions provided for in this Agreement, for which 
separate approval by the Nevada Gaming Authorities may be required by the 
Gaming Laws; and

(f) the Agent, the Secured Parties and their respective successors and 
assigns are subject to being called forward by the Nevada Gaming 
Authorities in their sole and absolute discretion, for licensing or a 
finding of suitability in order to remain entitled to the benefits of this 
Agreement, any other Loan Documents and any Other First Lien Agreement.

SECTION 6.17. Subject to Any Applicable Intercreditor Agreement. 
Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, (i) the Liens and security 
interests granted to the Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties 
pursuant to this Agreement are expressly subject to any applicable 
Intercreditor Agreement to the extent provided therein and (ii) the 
exercise of any right or remedy by the Agent hereunder or the application 
of proceeds (including insurance and condemnation proceeds) of any Pledged 
Collateral are subject to any applicable Intercreditor Agreement to the 
extent provided therein. In the event of any conflict between the terms of 
such applicable Intercreditor Agreement and the terms of this Agreement, 
the terms of such applicable Intercreditor Agreement shall govern.

SECTION 6.18. Other First Lien Obligations. On or after the date hereof and 
so long as such obligations are not prohibited by the Credit Agreement and 
any Other First Lien Agreement then in effect, the Borrower may from time 
to time designate obligations in respect of Indebtedness to be secured 
(except with respect to any applicable Specified Excluded Collateral) on a 
pari passu basis with then outstanding Secured Obligations as Other First 
Lien Obligations hereunder by delivering to the Agent and each Authorized 
Representative (a) a certificate signed by a Responsible Officer of the 
Borrower (i) identifying the obligations so designated and the initial 
aggregate principal amount or face amount thereof, (ii) stating that such 
obligations are designated as Other First Lien Obligations for purposes 
hereof, (iii) representing that such designation of such obligations as 
Other First Lien Obligations is not prohibited by the terms of the Credit 
Agreement and any Other First Lien Agreement then in effect and (iv) 
specifying the name and address of the Authorized Representative for such 
obligations, (b) a fully executed Other First Lien Secured Party Consent 
and (c) if not already in effect, execute and deliver the First Lien 
Intercreditor Agreement (or a joinder thereto in the form (and to the 
extent, if any) required thereby to the extent such First Lien 
Intercreditor Agreement is then in effect). The
 
23

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Agent and each Authorized Representative agree that upon the satisfaction 
of all conditions set forth in the preceding sentence, (x) the Agent shall 
act as agent under and subject to the terms of the Security Documents for 
the benefit of all Secured Parties, including without limitation, any 
Secured Parties that hold any such Other First Lien Obligations, and (y) 
the Agent and each Authorized Representative agrees to the appointment, and 
acceptance of the appointment, of the Agent as agent for the holders of 
such Other First Lien Obligations as set forth in each Other First Lien 
Secured Party Consent and agree, on behalf of itself and each Secured Party 
it represents, to be bound by this Agreement and the First Lien 
Intercreditor Agreement. The rights and obligations of each party to this 
Agreement shall remain in full force and effect notwithstanding the 
addition of any new Secured Obligations to this Agreement.

SECTION 6.19. Person Serving as Agent. On the Closing Date, the Agent 
hereunder is the same person that is the Credit Agreement Agent. Written 
notice of resignation by the Credit Agreement Agent pursuant to the Credit 
Agreement shall also constitute notice of resignation as the Agent under 
this Agreement. Upon the acceptance of any appointment as the 
Administrative Agent under (and as defined in) the Credit Agreement by a 
successor, that successor shall thereupon succeed to and become vested with 
all the rights, powers, privileges and duties of the retiring Agent 
pursuant hereto. Immediately upon the occurrence of the Discharge (as such 
term or equivalent term is defined in the First Lien Intercreditor 
Agreement) of Credit Agreement Loan Obligations, if any other Series of 
Secured Obligations is then outstanding, the Authorized Representative of 
such Series (or, if more than one such Series is outstanding, the 
applicable Authorized Representative determined pursuant to the terms of 
(and as defined in) the applicable Intercreditor Agreement) shall be deemed 
the Agent for all purposes under this Agreement. The Agent immediately 
prior to any change in Agent pursuant to this Section 6.19 (the “Prior 
Agent”) shall be deemed to have assigned all of its rights, powers and 
duties hereunder to the successor Agent determined in accordance with this 
Section 6.19 (the “Successor Agent”) and the Successor Agent shall be 
deemed to have accepted, assumed and succeeded to such rights, powers and 
duties. The Prior Agent shall cooperate with Holdings and such Successor 
Agent to ensure that all actions are taken that are necessary or reasonably 
requested by the Successor Agent to vest in such Successor Agent the rights 
granted to the Prior Agent hereunder with respect to the Pledged 
Collateral, including (a) the filing of amended financing statements in the 
appropriate filing offices, (b) to the extent that the Prior Agent holds, 
or a third party holds on its behalf, physical possession of or “control” 
(as defined in the New York UCC or the Uniform Commercial Code of any other 
applicable jurisdiction) over Pledged Collateral pursuant to this Agreement 
or any other Security Document, the delivery to the Successor Agent of the 
Pledged Collateral in its possession or control together with any necessary 
endorsements to the extent required by this Agreement, and (c) the 
execution and delivery of any further documents, financing statements or 
agreements and the taking of all such further action that may be required 
under any applicable law, or that the Successor Agent may reasonably 
request, all without recourse to, or representation or warranty by, the 
Agent, and at the sole cost and expense of Holdings. The Agent hereunder 
shall at all times be the same person that is the “Collateral Agent” under 
the First Lien Intercreditor Agreement. Written notice of resignation by 
the “Collateral Agent” pursuant to the First Lien Intercreditor Agreement 
shall also constitute notice of resignation as the Agent under this 
Agreement. Upon the acceptance of any appointment as the “Collateral Agent” 
under the First Lien Intercreditor Agreement by a successor “Collateral 
Agent”, that successor “Collateral Agent” shall thereupon succeed to and 
become vested with all the rights, powers, privileges and duties of the 
retiring Agent pursuant hereto.
 
24

------------------------------------------------------------------------
SECTION 6.20. General Authority of the Agent.

(a) By acceptance of the benefits of this Agreement and any other Security 
Documents, each Secured Party (whether or not a signatory hereto) shall be 
deemed irrevocably (i) to consent to the appointment of the Agent as its 
agent hereunder and under such other Security Documents, (ii) to confirm 
that the Agent shall have the authority to act as the exclusive agent of 
such Secured Party for the enforcement of any provision of this Agreement 
and such other Security Documents against Holdings, the exercise of 
remedies hereunder or thereunder and the giving or withholding of any 
consent or approval hereunder thereunder relating to any Pledged Collateral 
or Holdings’ obligations with respect thereto, (iii) to agree that it shall 
not take any action to enforce any provisions of this Agreement or any 
other Security Document against Holdings, to exercise any remedy hereunder 
or thereunder or to give any consents or approvals hereunder or thereunder 
except as expressly provided in this Agreement or any other Security 
Document and (iv) to agree to be bound by the terms of this Agreement, any 
other Security Documents and any Intercreditor Agreement then in effect.

(b) Holdings acknowledges that the rights and responsibilities of the Agent 
under this Agreement with respect to any action taken by the Agent or the 
exercise or non-exercise by the Agent of any option, voting right, request, 
judgment or other right or remedy provided for herein or resulting or 
arising out of this Agreement shall, as between the Agent and the Secured 
Parties, be governed by the Credit Agreement, any Other First Lien 
Agreement and such other agreements with respect thereto as may exist from 
time to time among them, but, as between the Agent and Holdings, the Agent 
shall be conclusively presumed to be acting as agent for the applicable 
Secured Parties with full and valid authority so to act or refrain from 
acting, and Holdings shall not be under any obligation, or entitlement, to 
make any inquiry respecting such authority.

SECTION 6.21. Application of Gaming Laws. Notwithstanding anything herein 
to the contrary, this Agreement and any Other First Lien Agreements are 
subject to the applicable Gaming Laws. Without limiting the foregoing, the 
Secured Parties acknowledge that (i) they are subject to the jurisdiction 
of the Gaming Authorities, in their discretion, for licensing, 
qualification or findings of suitability or to file or provide other 
information, and (ii) all rights, remedies and powers in or under this 
Agreement and the Other First Lien Agreements, including with respect to 
the Pledged Collateral (including the pledge and delivery of Pledged 
Collateral) and the transportation, ownership and operation of gaming 
machines and/or facilities may be subject to the jurisdiction of the Gaming 
Authorities, and may be exercised only to the extent that the exercise 
thereof does not violate any applicable provisions of the Gaming Laws and 
only to the extent that required approvals (including prior approvals), if 
any, are obtained from the relevant Gaming Authorities.

[Signature Pages Follow]
 
25

------------------------------------------------------------------------
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have duly executed this Agreement as 
of the day and year first above written.
 
AP GAMING HOLDINGS, LLC,
as Holdings

 By:

  	/s/ Robert Miodunski
  	Name: Robert Miodunski
  	Title: Authorized Signatory
 
[Holdings Guarantee and Pledge Agreement]

------------------------------------------------------------------------

 CITICORP NORTH AMERICA, INC.,

as Agent
By: 	  	/s/ Matthew Burke
  	Name: Matthew Burke
  	Title: Vice President
 
[Holdings Guarantee and Pledge Agreement]

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Schedule I
to Holdings Guarantee and Pledge Agreement

DESCRIPTION OF PLEDGED BORROWER STOCK
 

Pledgor

   	Issuer 	   	Certificate
No. 	  	   	Percentage of
Issued Equity
Interests 	 

 AP Gaming Holdings, LLC

   	AP Gaming I, LLC 	   	  	N/A 	   	   	  	100 	% 

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Exhibit I
to Holdings Guarantee and Pledge Agreement

[Form of]

OTHER FIRST LIEN SECURED PARTY CONSENT

[Name of Other First Lien Secured
Party] [Address of Other First
Lien Secured Party]

[Date]
 
 
 
 
 

The undersigned is the Authorized Representative for Persons wishing to 
become Secured Parties (the “New Secured Parties”) under the Holdings 
Guarantee and Pledge Agreement, dated as of December 20, 2013 (as 
heretofore amended and/or supplemented, the “Guarantee and Pledge Agreement
” (terms used without definition herein have the meanings assigned to such 
term in the Guarantee and Pledge Agreement)), between AP GAMING HOLDINGS, 
LLC and CITICORP NORTH AMERICA, INC., as collateral agent (the “Agent”).

In consideration of the foregoing, the undersigned hereby:

(i) represents that the Authorized Representative has been duly authorized 
by the New Secured Parties to become a party to the Guarantee and Pledge 
Agreement and the First Lien Intercreditor Agreement on behalf of the New 
Secured Parties under that [DESCRIBE OPERATIVE AGREEMENT] (the “New Secured 
Obligation”) and to act as the Authorized Representative for the New 
Secured Parties;

(ii) acknowledges that the Authorized Representative has received a copy of 
the Guarantee and Pledge Agreement and the First Lien Intercreditor 
Agreement;

(iii) appoints and authorizes the Agent to take such action as agent on its 
behalf and on behalf of all other Secured Parties and to exercise such 
powers under the Guarantee and Pledge Agreement and First Lien 
Intercreditor Agreement as are delegated to the Agent by the terms thereof, 
together with all such powers as are reasonably incidental thereto;

(iv) accepts and acknowledges the terms of the First Lien Intercreditor 
Agreement applicable to it and the New Secured Parties and agrees to serve 
as Authorized Representative for the New Secured Parties with respect to 
the New Secured Obligations and agrees on its own behalf and on behalf of 
the New Secured

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Parties to be bound by the terms thereof applicable to holders of Other 
First Lien Obligations, with all the rights and obligations of a Secured 
Party thereunder and bound by all the provisions thereof (including, 
without limitation, Section 2.02(b) thereof) as fully as if it had been a 
Secured Party on the effective date of the Guarantee and Pledge Agreement 
and the First Lien Intercreditor Agreement and agrees that its address for 
receiving notices pursuant to the Guarantee and Pledge Agreement and the 
First Lien Intercreditor Agreement shall be as follows:

[Address]

(v) confirms the authority of the Agent to enter into such agreements on 
its behalf and on behalf of the New Secured Parties and agrees on its own 
behalf and on behalf of the New Secured Parties to be bound by the terms 
thereof applicable to it and the New Secured Parties as fully as if it had 
been a party to each such agreement on behalf of itself and the New Secured 
Parties.

The Agent, by acknowledging and agreeing to this Other First Lien Secured 
Party Consent, accepts the appointment set forth in clause (iii) above.

THIS OTHER FIRST LIEN SECURED PARTY CONSENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND SHALL 
BE CONSTRUED AND INTERPRETED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF 
NEW YORK.