 EX-10.1 2 v392264_ex10-1.htm EXHIBIT 10.1
 
Exhibit 10.1
 
CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED BY ATOSSA GENETICS INC.
 
 
THE USE OF THE FOLLOWING NOTATION IN THIS EXHIBIT INDICATES THAT
A CONFIDENTIAL PORTION HAS BEEN OMITTED PURSUANT TO A REQUEST
FOR CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT AND THE OMITTED MATERIAL HAS BEEN
FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE COMMISSION: [***]
 
 
LABORATORY MARKETING SERVICES AGREEMENT
 
THIS LABORATORY MARKETING SERVICES AGREEMENT (“Agreement”) is entered into 
August 26, 2014, by and between BioVentive, Inc., a California corporation 
(“Contractor”), and The National Reference Laboratory .for Breast Health, 
Inc. a Delaware corporation (“NRLBH”). Contractor and NRLBH are referred to 
as a “Party” or the “Parties.”
 
RECITALS
 
WHEREAS, NRLBH is a CLIA-certified laboratory that performs various tests, 
including nipple aspirate fluid cytology tests (the “NAF Tests”) and that 
is in the process of becoming qualified to perform pharmacogenomics tests 
(the “Pharmacogenomic Tests”);
 
WHEREAS, Contractor markets laboratory tests to licensed physicians 
practicing medicine (the “Contractor Customers”) throughout the United 
States (the Territory”); and
 
WHEREAS, NRLBH wishes to engage Contractor to market the NAF Tests and 
Pharmacogenomic Tests and any other tests that the parties mutually agree 
in writing to be marketed by Contractor (collectively, the “Marketed Tests
”), performing such service as more fully described in Section 1 and 
Exhibit A hereto (the “Services”), and Contractor is willing to provide 
those Services in accordance with the terms set forth herein.
 
NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing premises, the mutual 
covenants and agreements contained herein, and for other good and valuable 
consideration, the receipt and adequacy of which are hereby acknowledged, 
the Parties hereto, intending to be legally bound, agree as follows:
 
I. 	ENGAGEMENT OF THE SERVICES.
 
A.	Engagement of Contractor. NRLBH hereby appoints Contractor as an 
authorized representative to use its reasonable commercial efforts to 
market and promote the Marketed Tests to Contractor Customers in the 
Territory and the Contractor hereby accepts such appointment.
 
B.	Exclusivity. Contractor shall be a non-exclusive marketing contractor 
for the NAF Tests and NRLBH shall be free to contract others to market and 
promote the NAF Tests. Contractor shall be the exclusive marketing 
contractor for the Pharmacogenomic Tests so long as the Contractor meets or 
exceeds the Pharmacogenomic Test Minimums identified in Section ill.0 and 
during such exclusive period NRLBH shall not contract with another party, 
directly or indirectly to market and promote the Pharmacogenomic Test; 
however, if such minimums are not met NRLBH shall provide written notice to 
the Contractor and the Contractor shall automatically become non-exclusive 
with respect to the Pharmacogenomic Tests and NRLBH shall then be free to 
contract with others to market and promote the Pharmacogenomic Tests. 
However, nothing in this Agreement shall limit or restrict NRLBH from 
utilizing its employees to market and promote the Marketed Tests.
 

 

 

 
CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED BY ATOSSA GENETICS INC.
 
 
C.	Scope of Services. Contractor shall render the Services identified in 
the attached Exhibit A on behalf of NRLBH to the current and future 
Contractor Customers. Contractor shall use reasonable commercial efforts to 
market and promote the Marketed Tests to Contractor Customers in the 
Territory and (a) exercise the highest degree of professionalism in the 
furnishing of the Services, (b) be responsible to provide the 
infrastructure and personnel through which it shall furnish the Services at 
its sole expense, and (c) perform the Services in a timely and professional 
manner consistent with similarly situated contractors and marketing 
consultants. Except as provided in Section III.E, Contractor shall not 
sub-contract or otherwise delegate its obligations under this Agreement, 
without NRLBH’s prior written consent. Contractor shall not, directly or 
through others, distribute, market or promote products and services, 
including the Marketed Tests, that are competitive, directly or indirectly, 
with services and products provided by NRLBH or its parent company, Atossa 
Genetics, Inc. (“Atossa”) and all Marketed Tests shall be marketed and 
promoted only for, and provided only to, the NRLBH.
 
D.	Legal Compliance. The manner and means by which Contractor performs its 
Services for NRLBH shall be in Contractor’s sole discretion and control, 
subject to this Agreement, applicable law and in compliance with all 
related Federal and state regulations, ethical business practices and 
NRLBH’s regulatory compliance policies, including those set forth in the 
attached Exhibit R.
 
II. 	COMPENSATION FOR SERVICES.
 
A.	Fixed Monthly Service Fee. In consideration for the provision by 
Contractor of the Services hereunder, NRLBH shall pay Contractor a fixed 
fee as set forth in the attached Exhibit D (each, a “Monthly Service Fee
”), which shall be paid by NRLBH within 15 days of the end of the month for 
which the Monthly Service Fee applies. NRLBH shall not be obligated to pay 
the Monthly Service Fee if Contractor is in breach of this Agreement. If 
this Agreement is terminated for any reason, NRLBH shall pay Contractor the 
Monthly Service Fee owing for all Services performed by Contractor prior to 
and including the effective date of termination.
 
B.	Termination Fee. Contractor shall be entitled to, and the NRLBH shall 
pay, if and when due, the Termination Fee set out in Section VI.C.
 
C.	Compliance with Law. It is the intention of the Parties that the Monthly 
Service Fee shall at all times be in compliance with all applicable laws, 
rules, regulations, policies and interpretations and shall not exceed the 
Fair market value for the Services provided by Contractor hereunder, and 
shall not be determined in a manner that violates the federal Anti-Kickback 
Statute, 42 U.S.C. § 1320a-7b(b), or other applicable Federal Health Care 
Program laws, rules, regulations, policies or interpretations. The term 
“Federal Health Care Program” is used herein as it is defined in 42 U.S.C. 
1320a-7b(f), and includes any plan or program that provides health 
benefits, whether directly, through insurance, or otherwise, which is 
funded directly, in whole or in part, by the United States Government 
(e.g., Medicare, Medicaid, TRICARE). If either Party determines at any time 
or is reliably informed by governmental authorities that the compensation 
arrangements or other terms set forth herein violate or are likely to be 
determined by a governmental authority to violate such laws, rules, 
regulations, policies or interpretations, the Parties agree to meet 
immediately and in good faith to amend this Agreement so as to eliminate 
such concern or violation and to bring this Agreement into compliance with 
the foregoing. Any such amendment shall, to the extent permitted by law, 
have the same aggregate economic effect upon the Parties. Such 
determination, information or amendment shall not allow either Party to 
claim that this Agreement is void or voidable.
 

2

 

 
CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED BY ATOSSA GENETICS INC.
 
 
III. 	ORDERING.
 
A.	Purchase Terms. Marketed Tests shall be ordered directly by the 
Contractor Customers and/or their healthcare providers. Contractor shall 
provide Contractor Customers with test requisition forms which shall be 
supplied by NRLBH. The test requisition forms shall have a unique 
identifier indicating that the test was ordered by a physician who is -a 
Contractor Customer.
 
B.	Pricing; Billing. NRLBH shall provide Contractor from time to time with 
price sheets for the Marketed Tests and Contractor shall use the prices 
indicated on such price sheets, and no others, in marketing the Marketed 
Tests. NRLBH shall be responsible for all billing to Contractor Customers.
 
C.	Minimums. Exhibit C sets forth the minimum quantity of Pharmacogenomic 
Tests that must be ordered by the Contractor Customers on or before the 
dates and at the minimum prices set forth in Exhibit C (the “
Pharmacogenomic Test Minimums”).
 
D.	Sales Materials. NRLBH shall make available to the Contractor a copy of 
brochures, literature, training materials and labeling which may be copied, 
but not altered in anyway, by Contractor at its sole expense and utilized 
to distribute, market and promote the Marketed Tests. The Contractor shall 
use only such sales materials as are provided by NRLBH or those materials 
that are otherwise approved in writing in advance by NRLBH. All use by the 
Contractor of the name “NRLBH,” “National Reference Laboratory for Breast 
Health” or any other name or mark that is copyrighted, trademarked or 
service-marked by NRLBH shall be subject to The prior written approval of 
NRLBH. Upon any termination of this Agreement, the Contractor shall 
immediately cease the use of all such names and marks and shall return to 
NRLBH any supplies, samples, brochures, product literature, training 
materials and other materials bearing such names or marks.
 
E.	Authorized Sub-contractors and Sub-Contractors. Contractor may delegate 
or assign some or all of its duties envisioned by this Agreement hereunder 
to its qualified employees and independent representatives and other 
personnel engaged and/or employed by Contractor (“Contractor 
Representatives”), provided that:
 
1.	Such representatives shall not be health care professionals or persons 
in a similar position who might be capable of exerting undue influence on a 
Contractor Customer or its patients.
 

3

 

 
CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED BY ATOSSA GENETICS INC.
 
 
2.	NRLBH retains the right, at its sole discretion, to revoke permission 
for Contractor to allow any of Contractor’s independent contractors or 
employees to take actions in furtherance of the Contractor’s duties under 
this Agreement.
 
3.	Contractor must require its contractors, sub-Contractors and/or 
employees to be bound by the terms and conditions of this Agreement or 
substantially similar terms relating to Contractor, all in a document 
reasonably satisfactory to NRLBH. NRLBH retains the right to inspect and/or 
require modifications to Contractor’s agreements with its independent, 
contractors and sub-Contractors and/or employees at any time.
 
4.	Contractor shall remain liable as a principal and not as surety for all 
of its obligations hereunder.
 
5.	Contractor shall indemnify, defend and hold harmless NRLBH and its 
employees, shareholders, officers, directors, agents and other affiliates, 
to the fullest extent permitted by law, against any and all claims, 
actions, demands, losses, costs, expenses, damages and claims of any kind 
whatsoever which NRLBH may sustain or incur, including reasonable legal 
fees and costs, as a result of or arising from Contractor’s failure to 
fulfill its obligations or perform its duties with respect to its 
employees, contactors, shareholders, officers, directors, agents, 
sub-contractors, and other affiliates of Contractor. Said indemnification 
by Contractor shall include its negligent, willful or intentional action, 
and/or omission.
 
F.	NRLBH Discretion in Acceptance. NRLBH shall have ultimate discretion 
regarding the acceptance by NRLBH of requests for the Marketed Tests. In 
exercising such discretion, NRLBH shall take into consideration such 
factors as it deems relevant, including but not limited to whether it has 
the necessary licenses to deliver the Marketed Tests in the location of the 
Contractor Customer, and the necessary billing or provider numbers to bill 
and be paid for such services by third party payors, and other relevant 
factors such as the number and mix of Marketed Tests requested by or at a 
given location. NRLBH may require Contractor Customers to execute such 
typical and customary forms of agreement as applicable to NRLBH’s customers 
generally, including forms and formats for ordering testing and for 
submitting billing information.
 
G.	Training. During the first 30 days of the term of this Agreement and 
from time to time thereafter as determined by NRLBH, NRLBH will provide 
Contractor’s sales personnel with training geared toward reasonably 
preparing such personnel to market and sell the Marketed Tests in a manner 
generally accepted for similar products in the industry.
 
H.	Specimen Collection.
 
1.	Atossa Devices. Contractor shall not market, promote or distribute the 
medical devices offered by Atossa. If a Contractor Customer inquires about 
an Atossa medical device, Contractor shall refer the Contractor Customer to 
Atossa or one of Atossa’s medical device distributors. Contractor shall not 
receive any compensation for such referral.
 
2.	Other Specimen Collection Materials. Subject to Section III.H.1., the 
parties may mutually agree that Contractor shall provide other specimen 
collection materials to Contractor Customers, such as shipping containers, 
and other materials reasonably necessary for the collection and transport 
of specimens to NRLBH. However, Contractor shall be responsible for 
procuring and providing, at its sole cost, the patient specimen collection 
kits for the Pharmacogenomic Tests and such collection kits shall comply 
with all regulatory requirements and be reasonably acceptable to NRLBH.
 

4

 

 
CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED BY ATOSSA GENETICS INC.
 
 
IV. 	INDEPENDENT CONTRACTOR RELATIONSHIP.
 
Contractor’s relationship with NRLBH will be that of an independent 
contractor and nothing in this Agreement should be construed to create a 
partnership, joint venture, franchise, or employer-employee relationship. 
Contractor is not authorized to make any representation, contract, or 
commitment on behalf of NRLBH not expressly authorized by NRLBH. Contractor 
will not be entitled to any of the benefits that NRLBH may make available 
to its employees, such as group insurance, profit sharing or retirement 
benefits. Contractor will be solely responsible for all lax returns and 
payments required to be filed with or made to any federal, state or local 
tax authority with respect to Contractor’s performance of services and 
receipt of fees under this Agreement. NRLBH will regularly report amounts 
paid to Contractor by filing Form 1099-M1SC with the Internal Revenue 
Service as required by law. NRLBH will not withhold or make payments for 
social security; make unemployment insurance or disability insurance 
contributions; or obtain worker’s compensation insurance on Contractor’s 
behalf. Contractor agrees to accept exclusive liability for complying with 
all applicable state and federal laws governing self-employed individuals, 
including obligations such as payment of taxes, social security, disability 
and other contributions based on fees paid to Contractor, its agents or 
employees under this Agreement. Contractor hereby agrees to indemnify and 
defend NRLBH against any and all such taxes or contributions, including 
penalties and interest.
 
V. 	CONFIDENTIALITY.
 
A.	Confidentiality. The Parties acknowledge that the terms of this 
Agreement are confidential and will not be disclosed without the prior 
written consent of the non-disclosing Party except as may otherwise be 
required by law. Further, during the Term of this Agreement, and at all 
times following termination thereof, each Party shall keep strictly 
confidential all information which they obtain from the other Party during 
the Term, including, in particular, “Proprietary Information” and “Third 
Party Information,” as each of such terms is defined below. Neither Party 
shall use or disclose to any person, firm, or other entity or permit any 
person to examine, copy or duplicate any such confidential information 
furnished by one Party to the other, except as otherwise required by law. 
Upon the termination of this Agreement (irrespective of the reason or 
circumstances), unless otherwise agreed to in writing by the Parties, each 
Party will return to the other Party all such confidential information in 
its possession, as well as any copies or information derived therefrom. 
Without limiting any other provision herein, the provisions of this 
Section shall survive any termination or expiration of this Agreement. 
Furthermore, upon termination of this Agreement, unless otherwise agreed to 
in writing by the Parties, NRLBH and Contractor shall immediately 
discontinue their use (if any) of the name or trademarks .of the other (or 
developed for NRLBH by Contractor) and shall immediately discontinue all 
representations or statements from which it might be inferred that any 
relationship exists between NRLBH and Contractor.
 

5

 

 
CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED BY ATOSSA GENETICS INC.
 
 
B.	Defined Terms. For purposes of this Agreement:
 
“Proprietary Information” includes, without limitation: (a) trade secrets, 
inventions, ideas, processes, formulas, source and object codes, data, 
programs, other works of authorship, know-how, improvements, discoveries, 
developments, designs and techniques; (b) information regarding plans for 
research, development, new products, marketing and selling, business plans, 
budgets and unpublished financial statements, licenses, prices and costs, 
suppliers, customers and prospective customers; and (c) information 
regarding the skills and compensation of employees and contractors. 
Notwithstanding the other provisions of this Agreement, Proprietary 
Information does not include (x) information that has been published or is 
otherwise readily available to the public other than by a breach of this 
Agreement; (y) information independently developed by personnel or agents 
of one Party having no access to the other Party’s Proprietary Information; 
or (z) information known to the receiving Party prior to its receipt from 
the disclosing Party.
 
“Third Party Information” means Proprietary Information received from a 
third party (i.e. a person or entity other than a Party to this Agreement). 
The Parties each understand that shall maintain the confidentiality of 
Third Party Information in accordance with the foregoing terms of this 
Section V.
 
C.	HIPAA Compliance. In connection with the provision of the Services 
provided hereunder. Contractor may have access to certain protected health 
information as defined by the Health Insurance Portability and 
Accountability Act of 1996 (“HIPAA”), as amended. Contractor agrees to 
execute and comply with the HIPAA Business Associate Agreement attached 
Exhibit E, which is hereby incorporated by reference. This Section V.C. 
shall survive the termination of this Agreement.
 
D.	Ownership of Proprietary Information. Each Party acknowledges that all 
data, documents (whether in draft or final form), databases, storage media, 
files, electronic or otherwise, computers, equipment and accessories, 
pagers, personal digital assistants, telephones and other property 
containing or referring to Proprietary Information shall at all times be 
the exclusive property of the disclosing Party.
 
E.	Remedies. NRLBH and Contractor acknowledge and agree that the 
agreements, covenants and undertakings contained in this Section V relate 
to matters which are of a special unique and extraordinary character and 
that a violation of the terms of this Article will cause irreparable injury 
to the other Party, the amount of which may be extremely difficult, if not 
impossible, to estimate or determine and may not be adequately compensated 
by monetary damages. Therefore, NRLBH and Contractor agree that either 
Party shall be entitled to an injunction, restraining order or other 
equitable relief from any court of competent jurisdiction, restraining any 
violation or threatened violation of any such terms by the other Party or 
such other persons, as the court will order. The rights and remedies 
provided by this Section V are cumulative and will be in addition to any 
other rights and remedies which either Party may have at law or equity.
 
VI. 	TERMINATION.
 
A.	Term. Unless terminated by either Party in accordance with the terms of 
this Section VI, the initial term of this Agreement shall be three years 
(the “Initial Term”). Further, this Agreement will automatically renew for 
an additional two year terms (each, a “Renewal Term”), unless terminated by 
either Party upon ninety (90) days’ prior written notice prior to the 
expiration of the Initial Term or the then-applicable Renewal Term. The 
Initial Term and the Renewal Term are sometimes referred to in this 
Agreement together as the “Term.”
 

6

 

 
CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED BY ATOSSA GENETICS INC.
 
 
B.	Termination. This Agreement may be terminated as follows:
 
1.	Either Party may terminate this agreement after the Initial Term upon 
thirty (30) days’ prior written notice to other Party.
 
2.	Either Party may terminate this Agreement at any time upon a material 
breach of this Agreement by the other Party if such breach is not cured 
within 60 days after written notice of said breach by the non-breaching 
Party to the Party in breach (the “Cure Period”) or if the Agreement is 
alleged by a federal or state regulator, or based on advice of counsel to 
either Party, to violate a Health Care Law.
 
3.	NRLBH may terminate this Agreement if Contractor fails to meet or exceed 
the Pharmacogenomic Test Minimums.
 
4.	NRLBH may terminate this Agreement upon a change in control of NRLBH or 
Atossa, through merger, share transfer, completed tender offer, or 
otherwise, or upon the sale or license of all or substantially all the 
assets of NRLBH or Atossa.
 
A termination pursuant to clause (2) or (3) shall be considered a “
Termination for Cause”.
 
C.	Termination Fee. In the event the Agreement is terminated by NRLBH for 
any reason other than a Termination for Cause, then NRLBH shall pay to 
Contractor within 30 days of such termination a fee equal to (the “
Termination Fee”): the actual cash received by NRLBH for the sale of 
Pharmacogenomic Tests to Contractor Customers during the three month period 
preceding the effective date of termination multiplied by 30%.
 
D.	Return of Property. Upon termination of this Agreement or earlier if 
requested by the other Party, any and all notes, memoranda, specifications, 
devices, formulas, and documents, together with all copies thereof in any 
form, and any other material containing or disclosing any Third Party 
Information or Proprietary Information shall be returned to the Party that 
provided such information to the other Party under this Agreement.
 
VII. 	REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES; INSURANCE; INDEMNITY
 
A.	No Debarment/Exclusion. Each Party certifies to the other that neither 
it nor any of its employees, agents or contractors performing services 
under this Agreement is excluded under 42 U.S.C. §1320(a)-7 from 
participation under any Federal Health Care Program; and (ii) no action has 
occurred or is pending or threatened against it or to its knowledge against 
any employee, Contractor or agent engaged to provide items or services that 
could result in such exclusion (collectively, “Exclusions/Adverse Actions
”). During the term of this Agreement, Each Party agrees to notify the 
other Party in writing of any Exclusions/Adverse Actions within five (5) 
days of learning of any such Exclusions/Adverse Actions and provide the 
basis of the Exclusions/Adverse Actions. Each Party acknowledges that the 
exclusion of any of its personnel from participation in the Medicare or 
Medicaid programs shall result in his or her immediate removal from work 
under this Agreement, Each Party acknowledges and agrees that any 
unresolved Exclusions/Adverse Actions of or against it or any employee, 
agent or contractor utilized, directly or indirectly, in .the performance 
of this Agreement may serve as the basis for the immediate termination of 
this Agreement by the other Party.
 

7

 

 
CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED BY ATOSSA GENETICS INC.
 
 
B.	Insurance; Expenses. Each Party shall carry general liability and 
professional liability (if applicable) insurance covering liability for 
claims, causes of actions, actions, losses, liabilities, damages, and 
expenses arising out of, caused by or otherwise resulting from the 
negligence or otherwise wrongful acts or omissions of its employees and/or 
agents occurring while each is engaged in activities related to this 
Agreement. Said policies shall contain minimum limits of liability of one 
million dollars ($1,000,000) per occurrence and three million dollars 
($3,000,000) in the aggregate, or as the Parties may otherwise mutually 
agree. All expenses incurred by either Party, including for marketing, 
training and promotional purposes, shall be the sole responsibility of the 
Party incurring such expenses.
 
C.	NRLBH Indemnity. NRLBH shall indemnify and hold Contractor harmless from 
any claims arising out of the Marketed Tests from any third party, 
including government entities (including any fees, costs, including, 
without limitation, attorneys’ fees, expert witness fees and costs of 
court, and expenses associated with the defense against Same), except to 
the extent such claims arise from the negligence or willful misconduct of 
Contractor, including any breach of this Agreement.
 
D.	Authority. NRLBH represents that it is a corporation duly organized 
under the laws of the State of Delaware and Contractor represents that it 
is corporation duly organized under the laws of the State of California. 
Each party represents that (i) it has all necessary corporate power to 
enter into this Agreement, (ii) the execution and delivery of this 
Agreement has been duly authorized by all necessary corporate action, and 
(iii) this Agreement, once executed and delivered, shall be a legal, valid 
and binding obligation of the respective Party enforceable in accordance 
with their respective terms.
 
E.	Contractor Indemnity. Contractor shall indemnify and hold NRLBH harmless 
from any claims arising out of the Services provided by Contractor from any 
third party, including government entities (including any fees, costs, 
including, without limitation, attorneys’ fees, expert witness fees and 
costs of court, and expenses associated with the defense against same), 
except to the extent such claims arise from the negligence or willful 
misconduct of NRLBH, including any breach of this agreement.
 
F.	Goodwill. Each Party agrees that the goodwill and reputation of the 
other Party are essential and should not be impaired at any time. Neither 
Party nor its agents shall communicate or cause or encourage others to 
communicate with any person in a manner which: (i) disparages the other 
Party or its respective affiliates, directors, officers, employees, 
representatives, agents, business partners, sub-contractors, contractors, 
suppliers, or the products or services of any of the foregoing; or (ii) 
adversely affects, disrupts or interferes with the other Party’s 
reputation, goodwill, business relationships, business plans, litigation, 
claims, business arrangements or agreements; or (iii) causes economic harm 
to the other Party.
 

8

 

 
CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED BY ATOSSA GENETICS INC.
 
 
VIII. 	MISCELLANEOUS.
 
A.	Severability. If one or more of the provisions contained in this 
Agreement shall, for any reason, be held to be invalid, illegal or 
unenforceable in any respect, such invalidity, illegality or unenforceable 
shall not affect the other provisions of this Agreement, and this Agreement 
shall be construed as if such invalid, illegal or unenforceable provision 
had never been contained herein. Notwithstanding the foregoing, a court of 
competent jurisdiction may reform any provision found invalid, illegal, or 
unenforceable in a manner consistent with the intent of the Parties so as 
render such provision fully enforceable to the extent permitted by law.
 
B.	Counterparts; Electronic Transmission. This Agreement may be executed in 
counterparts, with all counterparts constituting one and the same original. 
Signatures may be transmitted or delivered by electronic means, including 
facsimile and digital image (e.g., .PDF, .JPG) and such electronic version 
shall constitute an original for all purposes.
 
C.	No Assignment. This Agreement may not be assigned by either Party 
without the other Party’s prior written consent, which consent shall not be 
unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed. Subject to the foregoing, 
this Agreement shall be binding upon the heirs, successors, and permitted 
assigns of the Parties hereto.
 
D.	Governing Law. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed under 
the laws of the State of Washington without regard to the principles of 
conflicts of laws thereof. Any judicial proceeding brought to enforce this 
Agreement, or any matter related thereto, shall be brought in the 
appropriate court for King County, State of Washington or the appropriate 
United States District Court for the Western District of Washington. By 
execution of this Agreement, each Party accepts and agrees to the exclusive 
jurisdiction and venue of the aforesaid courts and irrevocably agrees to be 
bound by any judgment rendered thereby in connection with this Agreement, 
subject to a Party’s appeal rights.
 
E.	Injunctive Relief. A breach of certain promises or agreements contained 
in this Agreement may result in irreparable and continuing damage to the 
non-breaching Party for which there may be no adequate remedy at law, and 
the non-breaching Party is therefore entitled to seek injunctive relief as 
well as such other and further relief as may be appropriate. For purposes 
of this Section WILE., if a non-breaching Party seeks injunctive relief, 
the breaching Party shall waive any requirement of a bond or other security 
and shall be liable for reasonable attorney fees and costs incurred in 
enforcing the terms of this Agreement.
 
F.	Survival. The following provisions shall survive termination of this 
Agreement Sections V, Section V.C, VI.C, Section VII.D, Section VII.F, and 
Section VIII.
 
G.	Waiver. No waiver by a Party to this Agreement of any breach of this 
Agreement shall be a waiver any preceding or succeeding breach. No waiver 
by a Party to this Agreement of any right under this Agreement shall be 
construed as a waiver of any other right. Neither Party shall be required 
to give notice to enforce strict adherence to all terms of this Agreement.
 
H.	Entire Agreement. This Agreement and the exhibits attached hereto, 
constitute the final, complete and exclusive agreement of the Parties with 
respect to the subject matter hereof and supersede and merge all prior 
discussions between the Parties. No modification of or amendment to this 
Agreement, nor any waiver of any rights under this Agreement, will be 
effective unless in writing and signed by the Party to be charged.
 

9

 

 
CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED BY ATOSSA GENETICS INC.
 
 
I.	Notices. All notices, requests and other communications under this 
Agreement must be in writing, and must be mailed by registered or certified 
mail, postage prepaid and return receipt requested, or delivered by hand to 
the Party to whom such notice is required or permitted to be given. If 
mailed, any such notice will be considered to have been given five (5) 
business days after it was mailed postage prepaid to the address provided 
below or updated by delivery of written notice in accordance with the 
provisions of this Section VIII.I. If delivered by hand, any such notice 
will be considered to have been given when received by the Party to whom 
notice is given.
 
NRLBH 	CONTRACTOR
  	 
National Reference Laboratory for 	BIOVENTIVE, INC.
Breast Health, Inc. 	26895 Aliso Creek Road, B-793
1616 Eastlake Ave., East, No. 300 	Aliso Viejo, CA 92656
Seattle, Washington 98102 	Attention: President
Attention: President 	Tel.: (858) 856-2870
Tel.: (800) 351-3902 	Fax: (949) 618-8850
Fax: (206) 430-1288 	 
  

10

 

 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties have caused this Agreement to be executed 
by their duly authorized representative as of the date first set forth 
above.
 
 
NATIONAL REFERENCE LABORATORY 	  	BIOVENTIVE, INC. 	 
FOR BREAST HEALTH, INC. 	  	  	  	 
  	  	  	  	 
  	  	  	  	 
By:   	/s/ Kyle Guse 	  	By: 	/s/ Brett R. Nauta 	 
  	Kyle Guse 	  	  	Brett R. Nauta 	 
  	Chief of Financial Officer and General Counsel 	  	  	Chief Executive 
Officer 	 
 

11

 

 
CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED BY ATOSSA GENETICS INC.
 
 
EXHIBIT A
 
CONTRACTOR SERVICES
 
Contractor shall promote and market the Marketed Tests, by providing 
promotional and marketing services, including without limitation, the 
services more fully described below (the “Services”) through qualified 
employees and independent representatives and other personnel engaged 
and/or employed by Contractor (“Contractor Representatives”) in accordance 
with the Agreement to which this Exhibit A forms a part
 
1. 	Customer Liaison Services. Contractor shall provide customer service 
liaison support to Contractor Customers, in person and by phone, regarding 
issues such as specimen collection, complaints, missed tests, logistical 
questions with Marketed Tests, specimen requirements and labeling, specimen 
transport and tracking. Contractor shall ensure the ongoing in-person and 
phone customer service required to maintain Contractor Customers; however, 
NRLBH shall also maintain customer service support during West coast and 
East coast business hours. Contractor shall report to NRLBH any customer 
service problems upon occurrence. Contractor shall maximize sales of 
Marketed Tests.
 
2. 	Insurance Coordination. Contractor will assist NRLBH in obtaining 
information necessary to yen insurance eligibility of patients.
 
3. 	Training. Contractor will provide ongoing training to its Contractor 
Representatives and all necessary sales support, and will compensate its 
employees and representatives as may be appropriate and in compliance with 
applicable Federal, State and local laws and regulations.
 
4. 	Authorized Materials. Contractor shall use only materials supplied by 
or approved by the NRLBH, including without limitation test requisitions 
and order forms and sales and marketing materials. Contractor is not 
authorized to extend any representation, warranty, guaranty, obligation or 
responsibility (express or implied) with respect to the Marketed Tests 
without express written authorization from NRLBH.
 
5. 	No Impermissible Services. In no case shall Contractor or its 
Contractor Representatives perform any tasks that are normally the 
responsibility of the Contractor Customer or its office staff, including 
without limitation, performing nursing functions, or performing clerical 
services for the Contractor Customer. Upon request by NRLBH, Contractor 
shall provide to NRLBH a signed certification from each Contractor 
Representative assigned to perform Services hereunder that the Contractor 
Representative shall comply fully with the Agreement and this Exhibit.
 

12

 

 
CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED BY ATOSSA GENETICS INC.
 
 
EXHIBIT B
 
ADDITIONAL COMPLIANCE OBLIGATIONS OF CONTRACTOR
 
1. 	Chief Compliance Officer. Contractor shall designate a Chief Compliance 
Officer who shall make it a key point of his or her efforts to assure that 
all Contractor Representatives continue to gain additional knowledge on 
compliance-related issues. Contractor’s Chief Compliance Officer shall 
timely inform NRLBH’s Compliance Officer of any compliance-related issues 
(within not later than 5 business days following the initial discovery of 
issues that may raise a compliance concern, with periodic updates as 
required by NRLBH until the issue is resolved).
 
2. 	HIPAA Privacy Standards. In accordance with HIPAA, Contractor will 
adopt and maintain HIPAA compliance plan, as well as HIPAA-compliant 
privacy standards. Contractor will appoint a privacy officer.
 
3. 	Background Checks on Employees and Contractors. Contractor will ensure 
that none of its employees, owners or contractors have been excluded or 
debarred from Medicare or Medicaid or any other Federal Health Care 
Program.
 
4. 	No Kickbacks. Contractor will maintain policies and procedures 
reasonably calculated to assure that all individuals providing services to 
NRLBH and the Contractor Customers:
 
a. 	Are prohibited from engaging in any act or omission that promotes, 
encourages or results in the overutilization of the Marketed Tests.
 
b. 	Are required to comply with the Anti-Kickback Statute and other 
applicable state and federal statutes, policies and regulations.
 
c. 	May not engage in any illegal activities related to the furnishing of 
the Marketed Tests (such illegal activities include – but are not limited 
to – paying kickbacks, incentives and/or gratuities to Contractor Customers 
or to individuals who might influence a customer’s decision to order lab 
testing from NRLBH, or to provide such person with gifts, bribes, services, 
or any other form of remuneration in exchange for – or to induce – 
referrals):
 
d. 	Act in accord with applicable guidance issued by the Inspector General 
of the Department of Health and Human Services (as updated from time to 
time).
 
e. 	They may not be a health care professional or person in a similar 
position who might be capable of exerting undue influence on a Contractor 
Customer or their patients.
 

13

 

 
CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED BY ATOSSA GENETICS INC.
 
 
EXHIBIT C
 
MINIMUM PHARMACOGENOMIC TESTS
 
  	Minimum Annual Test Quantity Processed by NRLBH 	Minimum Average Cash 
Receipts Per Test Measured Monthly
  	  	 
First year of Agreement 	[***] 	$[***]
Second year of Agreement 	[***] 	$[***]
Third year of Agreement 	[***] 	$[***]
Annually after Initial
Three Year Term
[***] 	$[***]
  	  	 
 

14

 

 
CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED BY ATOSSA GENETICS INC.
 
 
EXHIBIT D
 
FIXED MONTHLY FEE FOR CONTRACTOR SERVICES
 
Fixed Monthly Service Fee payable to Contractor shall be an amount equal to 
actual cash received by the NRLBH during the month from Marketed Tests 
performed for patients of Contractor Customers multiplied by [***].
 

15

 

 
CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED BY ATOSSA GENETICS INC.
 
 
EXHIBIT E
 
BUSINESS ASSOCIATE AGREEMENT
 
This Business Associate Agreement (“BA Agreement”) dated August 26, 2014 
(the “Effective Date”) is entered into by and between The National 
Reference Laboratory for Breast Health, Inc. (“NRLBH”), and BioVentive, 
Inc. (“Contractor”), each a “Party” and collectively, the “Parties.”
 
WHEREAS, NRLBH and Contractor have entered into, or are entering into, or 
may subsequently enter into, agreements or other documented arrangements 
(collectively, the “Business Arrangements”) pursuant to which Contractor 
may provide products and/or services for NRLBH that require Contractor to 
access, create and use health information that is protected by state and/or 
federal law; and
 
WHEREAS, pursuant to the Administrative Simplification provisions of the 
Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 (“HIPAA”), the 
U.S. Department of Health & Human Services (“HHS”) promulgated the 
Standards for Privacy of Individually Identifiable Health Information (the 
“Privacy Standards”), at 45 C.F.R. Parts 160 and 164, requiring certain 
individuals and entities subject to the Privacy Standards (each a “Covered 
Entity”, or collectively, “Covered Entities”) to protect the privacy of 
certain individually identifiable health information (“Protected Health 
Information”, or “PHI”); and
 
WHEREAS, pursuant to HIPAA, FIRS has issued the Security Standards (the 
“Security Standards”), at 45 C.F.R. Parts 160, 162 and 164, for the 
protection of electronic protected health information (“EPHI”); and
 
WHEREAS, in order to protect the privacy and security of PHI, including 
EPHI, created or maintained by or on behalf of NRLBH, the Privacy Standards 
and Security Standards require NRLBH to enter into a “Business Associate 
Agreement” with certain individuals and entities providing, services for or 
on behalf of NRLBH if such services require the use or disclosure of PHI or 
EPH1; and
 
WHEREAS, on February 17, 2009, the federal Health Information Technology 
for Economic and Clinical Health Act (the “HITECH Act”), was signed into 
law and the HITECH Act imposes certain privacy and security obligations on 
NRLBH in addition to the obligations created by the Privacy Standards and 
Security Standards; and
 
WHEREAS, the HITECH Act revises many of the requirements of the Privacy 
Standards and Security Standards concerning the confidentiality of PHI and 
EPHI, including extending certain HIPAA and HITECH Act requirements 
directly to business associates; and
 
WHEREAS, the HITECH Act requires that certain of its provisions be included 
in business associate agreements, and that certain requirements of the 
Privacy Standards be imposed contractually upon NRLBH as well as business 
associates; and
 
WHEREAS, Contractor and NRLBH desire to enter into this Business Associate 
Agreement;
 

16

 

 
CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED BY ATOSSA GENETICS INC.
 
 
NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual promises set forth in this 
Agreement and the Business Arrangements, and other good and valuable 
consideration, the sufficiency and receipt of which are hereby severally 
acknowledged, the Parties agree as follows:
 
1.	Contractor Obligations. Contractor may receive from NRLBH, or create or 
receive on behalf of NRLBH, health information that is protected under 
applicable state and/or federal law, including without limitation, PHI and 
EPHI. All capitalized terms not otherwise defined in this Agreement shall 
have the meanings set forth in the Privacy Standards, Security Standards or 
the HITECH Act, as applicable (collectively referred to hereinafter as the 
“Confidentiality Requirements”). All references to PHI herein shall be 
construed to include EPHI. Contractor agrees not to use or disclose (or 
permit the use or disclosure of) PHI in a manner that would violate the 
Confidentiality Requirements if the PHI were used or disclosed by NRLBH in 
the same manner.
 
2.	Use of PHI. Except as otherwise required by law, Contractor shall use 
PHI in compliance with 45 C.F.R. § 164.504(e). Furthermore, Contractor 
shall use PHI (i) solely for NRLBH’s benefit arid only for the purpose of 
performing services for NRLBH as such services are defined in Business 
Arrangements, and (ii) as necessary for the proper management and 
administration of the Contractor or to carry out its legal 
responsibilities, provided that such uses are permitted under federal and 
state law. NRLBH shall retain all rights in the PHI not granted herein. 
Use, creation and disclosure of de-identified health information by 
Contractor are not permitted unless expressly authorized in writing by 
NRLBH.
 
3.	Disclosure of PHI. Subject to any limitations in this BA Agreement, 
Contractor may disclose PHI to any third party persons or entities as 
necessary to perform its obligations under the Business Arrangement and as 
permitted or required by applicable federal or state law. Further, 
Contractor may disclose PHI for the proper management and administration of 
the Contractor, provided that (i) such disclosures are required by law, or 
(ii) Contractor: (a) obtains reasonable assurances from any third party to 
whom the information is disclosed that it will be held confidential and 
further used and disclosed only as required by law or for the purpose for 
which it was disclosed to the third party; (b) requires the third party to 
agree to immediately notify Contractor of any instances of which it is 
aware that PHI is being used or disclosed for a purpose that is not 
otherwise provided for in this Agreement or for a purpose not expressly 
permitted by the Confidentiality Requirements. Additionally, Contractor 
shall ensure that all disclosures of PHI by Contractor and the third party 
comply with the principle of “minimum necessary use and disclosure,” i.e., 
only the minimum PHI that is necessary to accomplish the intended purpose 
may be disclosed; provided further, Contractor shall comply with Section 
13405(b) of the HITECH Act, and any regulations or guidance issued by HHS 
concerning such provision, regarding the minimum necessary standard and the 
use and disclosure (if applicable) of Limited Data Sets. If Contractor 
discloses PHI received from NRLBH, or created or received by Contractor on 
behalf of NRLBH, to agents, including a sub-Contractor (collectively, 
“Recipients”), Contractor shall require Recipients to agree in writing to 
the same restrictions and conditions that apply to the Contractor under 
this Agreement. Contractor shall report to NRLBH any use or disclosure of 
PHI not permitted by this Agreement, of which it becomes aware, such report 
to be made within two (2) business days of the Contractor becoming aware of 
such use or disclosure. In addition to Contractor’s obligations under 
Section 9, Contractor agrees to mitigate, to the extent practical and 
unless otherwise requested by NRLBH in writing, any harmful effect that is 
known to Contractor and is the result of a use or disclosure of PHI by 
Contractor or Recipients in violation of this Agreement.
 

17

 

 
CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED BY ATOSSA GENETICS INC.
 
 
4.	Accounting of Disclosures. Contractor shall make available to NRLBH in 
response to a request from an individual, information required for an 
accounting of disclosures of PHI with respect to the individual in 
accordance with 45 CFR § 164.528, as amended by Section 13405(c) of the 
HITECH Act and any related regulations or guidance issued by HHS in 
accordance with such provision. Contractor shall provide to NRLBH such 
information necessary to provide an accounting within thirty (30) days of 
NRLBH’s request or such shorter time as may be required by state or federal 
law. Such accounting must be provided without cost to the individual or to 
NRLBH if it is the first accounting requested by an individual within any 
twelve (12) month period. For subsequent accountings within a twelve (12) 
month period, Contractor may charge a reasonable fee based upon the 
Business’s labor costs in responding to a request for electronic 
information (or a cost-based fee for the production of non-electronic media 
copies) so long as Contractor informs NRLBH and NRLBH informs the 
individual in advance of the fee, and the individual is afforded an 
opportunity to withdraw or modify the request. Such accounting obligations 
shall survive termination of this Agreement and shall continue as long as 
Contractor maintains PHI.
 
5.	Withdrawal of Authorization. If the use or disclosure of PHI in this 
Agreement is based upon an individual’s specific authorization for the use 
of his or her PHI, and (i) the individual revokes such authorization in 
writing, (ii) the effective date of such authorization has expired, or 
(iii) the consent or authorization is found to be defective in any manner 
that renders it invalid, Contractor agrees, if it has notice of such 
revocation or invalidity, to cease the use and disclosure of any such 
individual’s PHI except to the extent it has relied on such use or 
disclosure, or where an exception under the Confidentiality Requirements 
expressly applies.
 
6.	Records and Audit. Contractor shall make available to the United States 
Department of Health and Human Services or its agents, its internal 
practices, books, and records relating to the use and disclosure of PHI 
received from, created, or received by Contractor on behalf of NRLBH for 
the purpose of determining NRLBH’s compliance with the Confidentiality 
Requirements or any other health oversight agency, in a time and manner 
designated by the Secretary. Except to the extent prohibited by law, 
Contractor agrees to notify NRLBH immediately upon receipt by Contractor of 
any and all requests by or on behalf of any and all federal, state and 
local government authorities served upon Contractor for PHI.
 
7.	Implementation of Security Standards; Notice of Security Incidents. 
Contractor will use appropriate safeguards to prevent the use or disclosure 
of PHI other than as expressly permitted under this Agreement. Contractor 
will implement administrative, physical and technical safeguards that 
reasonably and appropriately protect the confidentiality, integrity and 
availability of the PHI that it creates, receives, maintains or transmits 
on behalf of NRLBH. Contractor acknowledges that the HITECH Act requires 
Contractor to comply with 45 C.F.R. §§ 164.308, 164.310, 164.312 and 
164.316 as if Contractor were a Covered Entity, and Contractor agrees to 
comply with these provisions of the Security Standards and all additional 
security provisions of the HITECH Act. Furthermore, to the extent feasible, 
Contractor will use commercially reasonable efforts to ensure that the 
technology safeguards used by Contractor to secure PHI will render such 
Pill unusable, unreadable and indecipherable to individuals unauthorized to 
acquire or otherwise have access to such PHI in accordance with HHS 
Guidance published at 74 Federal Register 19006 (April 17, 2009), or such 
later regulations or guidance promulgated by HHS including the National 
Institute for Standards and Technology (“NIST”) standards adopted by HHS 
concerning the protection of identifiable data such as PHI. Lastly, 
Contractor will promptly report to NRLBH any successful Security Incident 
of which it becomes aware. At the request of NRLBH, Contractor shall 
identify: the date of the Security Incident, the scope of the Security 
Incident, the Contractor’s response to the Security Incident and the 
identification of the party responsible for causing the Security Incident, 
if known.
 

18

 

 
CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED BY ATOSSA GENETICS INC.
 
 
8.	Data Breach Notification and Mitigation.
 
8.1	HIPAA Data Breach Notification and Mitigation. Contractor agrees to 
implement reasonable systems for the discovery and prompt reporting of any 
“breach” of “unsecured PHI” as those terms are defined by 45 C.F.R. § 
164.402 (hereinafter a “HIPAA Breach”). The Parties acknowledge and agree 
that 45 C.F.R. § 164.404, as described below in this Section, governs the 
determination of the date of a HIPAA Breach. In the event of any conflict 
between this Section and the Confidentiality Requirements, the more 
stringent requirements shall govern. Contractor will, following the 
discovery of a HIPAA Breach, notify NRLBH immediately within fifteen (15) 
Contractor discovers such HIPAA Breach, unless Contractor is prevented from 
doing so by 45 C.F.R. § 164.412 concerning law enforcement investigations. 
For purposes of reporting a HIPAA Breach to NRLBH, the discovery of a HIPAA 
Breach shall occur as of the first day on which such HIPAA Breach is known 
to the Contractor or, by exercising reasonable diligence, would have been 
known to the Contractor. Contractor will be considered to have had 
knowledge of a HIPAA Breach if the HIPAA Breach is known, or by exercising 
reasonable diligence would have been known, to any person (other than the 
person committing the HIPAA Breach) who is an employee, officer or other 
agent of the Contractor. No later than three (3) business days following a 
HIPAA Breach, Contractor shall provide NRLBH with sufficient information to 
permit NRLBH to comply with the HIPAA Breach notification requirements set 
forth at 45 C.F.R. § 164.400 et seq. Specifically, if following information 
is known to (or can be reasonably obtained by) the Contractor, Contractor 
will provide NRLBH with: (i) contact information for individuals who were 
or who may have been impacted by the HIPAA Breach (e.g., first and last 
name, mailing address, street address, phone number, email address); (ii) a 
brief description of the circumstances of the HIPAA Breach, including the 
date of the HIPAA Breach and date of discovery; (iii) a description of the 
types of unsecured PHI involved in the HIPAA Breach (e.g., names, social 
security number, date of birth, address(es), account numbers of any type, 
disability codes, diagnostic and/or billing codes and similar information); 
(iv) a brief description of what the Contractor has done or is doing to 
investigate the HIPAA Breach, mitigate harm to the individual impacted by 
the HIPAA Breach, and protect against future HIPAA Breaches; and (v) 
appoint a liaison and provide contact information for same so that NRLBH 
may ask questions or learn additional information concerning the HIPAA 
Breach. Following a HIPAA Breach, Contractor will have a continuing duty to 
inform NRLBH of new information learned by Contractor regarding the HIPAA 
Breach, including but not limited to the information described in items (i) 
through (v), above.
 
8.2	Data Breach Notification and Mitigation under Other Laws. In addition 
to the requirements of the foregoing Section, Contractor agrees that in the 
event any Individually Identifiable Information is lost, stolen, used or 
disclosed in violation of one or more State data breach notification laws, 
Contractor shall promptly: (1) cooperate and assist NRLBH with any 
investigation into any State Breach or alleged State Breach; (ii) cooperate 
and assist NRLBH with any investigation into any State Breach or alleged 
State Breach conducted by any State Attorney General or State Consumer 
Affairs Department (or their respective agents); (iii) comply with NRLBH’s 
determinations regarding NRI.BH’s and Contractor’s obligations to mitigate 
to the extent practicable any potential harm to the individuals impacted by 
the State Breach; and (iv) assist with the implementation of any decision 
by NRLBH or any State agency, including any State Attorney General or State 
Consumer Affairs Department (or their respective agents), to notify 
individuals impacted or potentially impacted by a State Breach.
 

19

 

 
CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED BY ATOSSA GENETICS INC.
 
 
9.	Term and Termination.
 
9.1	This BA Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall remain 
in effect until terminated in accordance with the terms of this Section, 
provided, however, that termination shall not affect the respective 
obligations or rights of the Parties arising under the Business 
Arrangements prior to the effective date of termination, all of which shall 
continue in accordance with their terms.
 
9.2	NRLBH shall have the right to terminate this BA Agreement if the 
Contractor fails to observe or perform any material covenant or obligation 
contained in this BA Agreement for ten (10) days after written notice 
thereof has been given to the Contractor.
 
9.3	Termination of this BA Agreement pursuant to Section 9.2 above shall be 
cause for NRLBH to immediately terminate for cause any Business Arrangement 
pursuant to which Contractor is entitled to receive PHI from NRLBH.
 
9.4	Upon termination of this BA Agreement for any reason, Contractor agrees 
either to return to NRLBH or to destroy all PHI received from NRLBH or 
otherwise through the performance of services for NRLBH, that is in the 
possession or control of Contractor or its agents. In the case of PHI which 
is not feasible to “return or destroy,” Contractor shall extend the 
protections of this BA Agreement to such PHI and limit further uses and 
disclosures of such PHI to those purposes that make the return or 
destruction infeasible, for so long as Contractor maintains such PHI. 
Contractor further agrees to comply with other applicable state or federal 
law, which may require a specific period of retention, redaction, or other 
treatment of such PHI.
 
10.	No Warranty. PHI IS PROVIDED TO Contractor SOLELY ON AN “AS IS” BASIS. 
COMPANY DISCLAIMS ALL OTHER WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT 
NOT LIMITED TO, IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, AND FITNESS FOR A 
PARTICULAR PURPOSE.
 
11.	Miscellaneous.
 
11.1	Notice. All notices, requests, demands and other communications 
required or permitted to be given or made under this BA Agreement shall be 
in writing, shall be effective upon receipt or attempted delivery, and 
shall be sent by (1) personal delivery; (ii) certified or registered United 
States mail, return receipt requested; or (iii) overnight delivery service 
with proof of delivery. Neither Party shall refuse delivery of any notice 
hereunder.
 

20

 

 
CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED BY ATOSSA GENETICS INC.
 
 
    To NRLBH:
     
National Reference Laboratory for Breast Health, Inc.
1616 Eastlake Ave., East, No. 300
Seattle, Washington 98102
Attention: President
Tel.: (800) 351-3902
Fax: (206) 430-1288
 
    To Contractor:
     
BIOVENTIVE, INC.
26895 Aliso Creek Road, B-793
Aliso Viejo, CA 92656
Attention: President
Tel.: (858) 856-2870
Fax: (949) 618-8850
 
 
 
11.2	Waiver. No provision of this BA Agreement or any breach thereof shall 
be deemed waived unless such waiver is in writing and signed by the Party 
claimed to have waived such provision or breach. No waiver of a breach 
shall constitute a waiver of or excuse any different or subsequent breach.
 
11.3	Severability. Any provision of this BA Agreement that is determined to 
be invalid or unenforceable will be ineffective to the extent of such 
determination without invalidating the remaining provisions of this BA 
Agreement or affecting the validity or enforceability of such remaining 
provisions.
 
11.4	Entire Agreement. This BA Agreement constitutes the complete agreement 
between Contractor and NRLBH relating to the matters specified in this 
Agreement, and supersedes all prior representations or agreements, whether 
oral or written, with respect to such matters. In the event of any conflict 
between the terms of this BA Agreement and the terms of the Business 
Arrangements or any such later agreement(s), the terms of this BA Agreement 
shall control unless the terms of such Business Arrangements are more 
strict with respect to PHI and comply with the Confidentiality 
Requirements, or the Parties specifically otherwise agree in writing. No 
oral modification or waiver of any of the provisions of this BA Agreement 
shall be binding on either Party; provided, however, that upon the 
enactment of any law, regulation, court decision or relevant government 
publication and/or interpretive guidance or policy that NRLBH believes in 
good faith will adversely impact the use or disclosure of PHI under this BA 
Agreement, NRLBH may amend the BA Agreement to comply with such law, 
regulation, court decision or government publication, guidance or policy by 
delivering a written amendment to Contractor which shall be effective 
thirty (30) days after receipt. No obligation on either Party to enter into 
any transaction is to be implied from the execution or delivery of this BA 
Agreement. This BA Agreement is for the benefit of, and shall be binding 
upon the Parties, their affiliates and respective successors and assigns. 
No third party shall be considered a third-party beneficiary under this BA 
Agreement, nor shall any third party have any rights as a result of this BA 
Agreement.
 

21

 

 
CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT REQUESTED BY ATOSSA GENETICS INC.
 
 
11.5	Governing Law. This BA Agreement shall be governed by and interpreted 
in accordance with the laws of the state of Washington, excluding its 
conflicts of laws provisions. Jurisdiction and venue for any dispute 
relating to this BA Agreement shall exclusively rest with the state and 
federal courts in the county in which NRLBH is located.
 
11.6	Equitable Relief. Contractor understands and acknowledges that any 
disclosure or misappropriation of any PHI in violation of this BA Agreement 
will cause NRLBH irreparable harm, the amount of which may be difficult to 
ascertain, and therefore agrees that NRLBH shall have the right to apply to 
a court of competent jurisdiction for specific performance and/or an order 
restraining and enjoining any such further disclosure or breach and for 
such other relief as NRLBH shall deem appropriate. Such right of NRLBH is 
to be in addition to the remedies otherwise available to NRLBH at law or in 
equity. Contractor expressly waives the defense that a remedy in damages 
will be adequate and further waives any requirement in an action for 
specific performance or injunction for the posting of a bond by NRLBH.
 
11.7	Nature of Agreement; Independent Contractor. Nothing in this BA 
Agreement shall be construed to create (i) a partnership, joint: venture or 
other joint business relationship between the Parties or any of their 
affiliates, or (ii) a relationship of employer and employee between the 
Parties. Contractor is an independent Contractor, and not an agent of 
NRLBH. This BA Agreement does not express or imply any commitment to 
purchase or sell goods or services.
 
11.8	Counterparts. This BA Agreement may be executed in one or more 
counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which 
together shall constitute one and the same document. In making proof of 
this BA Agreement, it shall not be necessary to produce or account for more 
than one such counterpart executed by the Party against whom enforcement of 
this Agreement is sought.
 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties have executed this Agreement as of the 
Effective Date.
  
National Reference Laboratory 	  	 
For Breast Health, Inc.                                                  	  	
BioVentive, Inc.
  	  	 
By: /s/ Kyle Guse                                       	  	By: /s/ Brett 
R. Nauta                                             
Printed Name: Kyle Guse 	  	Printed Name: Brett R. Nauta
Title: Chief of Financial Officer and 	  	Title: Chief Executive Officer
General Counsel 	  	 
 

22