 EX-10 9 s100441_ex10-2.htm EXHIBIT 10.2
 
INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT TRUST AGREEMENT
 
This Agreement is made as of _________, 2014 by and between CB Pharma 
Acquisition Corp. (the “Company”) and Continental Stock Transfer & Trust 
Company (“Trustee”).
 
WHEREAS, the Company’s registration statement on Form S-1, No. 333-199558 
(“Registration Statement”) for its initial public offering of securities 
(“IPO”) has been declared effective as of the date hereof (“Effective 
Date”) by the Securities and Exchange Commission (capitalized terms used 
herein and not otherwise defined shall have the meanings set forth in the 
Registration Statement); and
 
WHEREAS, EarlyBirdCapital, Inc. (“EBC”) is acting as the representative of 
the underwriters in the IPO; and
 
WHEREAS, simultaneously with the IPO, (i) an affiliate of the Company’s 
executive officers and (ii) EBC and/or its designees will be purchasing up 
to an aggregate of 288,000 units (“Private Units”) from the Company for an 
aggregate purchase price of up to $2,880,000; and
 
WHEREAS, as described in the Registration Statement, and in accordance with 
the Company’s Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association, 
$40,900,000 of the gross proceeds of the IPO and sale of the Private Units 
($46,735,000 if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in 
full) will be delivered to the Trustee to be deposited and held in a trust 
account for the benefit of the Company and the holders of the Company’s 
ordinary shares, par value $.0001 per share (“Ordinary Shares”), issued in 
the IPO as hereinafter provided (the amount to be delivered to the Trustee 
will be referred to herein as the “Property”; the shareholders for whose 
benefit the Trustee shall hold the Property will be referred to as the 
“Public Shareholders,” and the Public Shareholders and the Company will be 
referred to together as the “Beneficiaries”); and
 
WHEREAS, the Company and the Trustee desire to enter into this Agreement to 
set forth the terms and conditions pursuant to which the Trustee shall hold 
the Property;
 
IT IS AGREED:
 
1.          Agreements and Covenants of Trustee. The Trustee hereby agrees 
and covenants to:
 
(a)          Hold the Property in trust for the Beneficiaries in accordance 
with the terms of this Agreement in a segregated trust account (“Trust 
Account”) established by the Trustee at JP Morgan Chase Bank, N. A. and at 
a brokerage institution selected by the Trustee that is satisfactory to the 
Company;
 
(b)          Manage, supervise and administer the Trust Account subject to 
the terms and conditions set forth herein;
 

1

 

 
(c)          In a timely manner, upon the instruction of the Company, 
invest and reinvest the Property (i) in United States government treasury 
bills, notes or bonds having a maturity of 180 days or less and/or (ii) in 
money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 promulgated 
under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, and that invest 
solely in U.S. treasuries, as determined by the Company;
 
(d)          Collect and receive, when due, all principal and income 
arising from the Property, which shall become part of the “Property,” as 
such term is used herein;
 
(e)          Notify the Company and EBC of all communications received by 
it with respect to any Property requiring action by the Company;
 
(f)          Supply any necessary information or documents as may be 
requested by the Company in connection with the Company’s preparation of 
its tax returns;
 
(g)          Participate in any plan or proceeding for protecting or 
enforcing any right or interest arising from the Property if, as and when 
instructed by the Company to do so;
 
(h)          Render to the Company monthly written statements of the 
activities of and amounts in the Trust Account reflecting all receipts and 
disbursements of the Trust Account;
 
(i)          Commence liquidation of the Trust Account only after and 
promptly after receipt of, and only in accordance with, the terms of a 
letter (“Termination Letter”), in a form substantially similar to that 
attached hereto as either Exhibit A or Exhibit B, signed on behalf of the 
Company by its Chief Executive Officer or Chairman of the Board and 
Secretary or Assistant Secretary, affirmed by counsel for the Company and, 
in the case of a Termination Letter in a form substantially similar to that 
attached hereto as Exhibit A, acknowledged and agreed to by EBC, and 
complete the liquidation of the Trust Account and distribute the Property 
in the Trust Account only as directed in the Termination Letter and the 
other documents referred to therein; provided, however, that in the event 
that a Termination Letter has not been received by the Trustee by the time 
period set forth in the Company’s Amended and Restated Memorandum and 
Articles of Association, as the same may be amended from time to time 
(“Last Date”), the Trust Account shall be liquidated in accordance with the 
procedures set forth in the Termination Letter attached as Exhibit B hereto 
and distributed to the Public Shareholders as of the Last Date. The 
provisions of this Section 1(i) may not be modified, amended or deleted 
under any circumstances; and
 
(j)          Distribute upon receipt of an Amendment Notification Letter 
(defined below), to Public Shareholders who exercised their conversion 
rights in connection with an Amendment (defined below) an amount equal to 
the pro rata share of the Property relating to the Ordinary Shares for 
which such Public Shareholders have exercised conversion rights in 
connection with such Amendment.
 

2

 

 
2.          Limited Distributions of Income from Trust Account.
 
(a)          Upon written request from the Company, which may be given from 
time to time in a form substantially similar to that attached hereto as 
Exhibit C, the Trustee shall distribute to the Company the amount of 
interest income earned on the Trust Account requested by the Company to 
cover any income or other tax obligation owed by the Company.
 
(b)          Upon written request from the Company, which may be given from 
time to time in a form substantially similar to that attached hereto as 
Exhibit D, the Trustee shall distribute to the Company the amount of 
interest income earned on the Trust Account requested by the Company to 
cover expenses related to investigating and selecting a target business and 
other working capital requirements; provided, however, that the Company 
will not be allowed to withdraw interest income earned on the Trust A
ccount unless there is an amount of interest income available in the Trust 
Account sufficient to pay the Company’s tax obligations on such interest 
income or otherwise then due at that time.
 
(c)          The limited distributions referred to in Sections 2(a) and 
2(b) above shall be made only from income collected on the Property. Except 
as provided in Section 2(a), and 2(b) above, no other distributions from 
the Trust Account shall be permitted except in accordance with Section 1(i) 
and 1(j) hereof.
 
(d)          The Company shall provide EBC with a copy of any Termination 
Letters and/or any other correspondence that it issues to the Trustee with 
respect to any proposed withdrawal from the Trust Account promptly after 
such issuance.
 
3.          Agreements and Covenants of the Company. The Company hereby 
agrees and covenants to:
 
(a)          Give all instructions to the Trustee hereunder in writing, 
signed by the Company’s Chairman of the Board, Vice Chairman of the Board, 
Chief Executive Officer, President or Chief Financial Officer. In addition, 
except with respect to its duties under paragraphs 1(i), 1(j), 2(a) and 
2(b) above, the Trustee shall be entitled to rely on, and shall be 
protected in relying on, any verbal or telephonic advice or instruction 
which it in good faith believes to be given by any one of the persons 
authorized above to give written instructions, provided that the Company 
shall promptly confirm such instructions in writing;
 
(b)          Subject to the provisions of Sections 5 and 7(g) of this 
Agreement, hold the Trustee harmless and indemnify the Trustee from and 
against, any and all expenses, including reasonable counsel fees and 
disbursements, or loss suffered by the Trustee in connection with any 
claim, potential claim, action, suit or other proceeding brought against 
the Trustee involving any claim, or in connection with any claim or demand 
which in any way arises out of or relates to this Agreement, the services 
of the Trustee hereunder, or the Property or any income earned from 
investment of the Property, except for expenses and losses resulting from 
the Trustee’s gross negligence or willful misconduct. Promptly after the 
receipt by the Trustee of notice of demand or claim or the commencement of 
any action, suit or proceeding, pursuant to which the Trustee intends to 
seek indemnification under this paragraph, it shall notify the Company in 
writing of such claim (hereinafter referred to as the “Indemnified Claim”). 
The Trustee shall have the right to conduct and manage the defense against 
such Indemnified Claim, provided, that the Trustee shall obtain the consent 
of the Company with respect to the selection of counsel, which consent 
shall not be unreasonably withheld. The Trustee may not agree to settle any 
Indemnified Claim without the prior written consent of the Company, which 
consent shall not be unreasonably withheld. The Company may participate in 
such action with its own counsel;
 

3

 

 
(c)          Pay the Trustee an initial acceptance fee, an annual fee and a 
transaction processing fee for each disbursement made pursuant to Sections 
2(a) and 2(b) as set forth on Schedule A hereto, which fees shall be 
subject to modification by the parties from time to time. It is expressly 
understood that the Property shall not be used to pay such fees and further 
agreed that any fees owed to the Trustee shall be deducted by the Trustee 
from the disbursements made to the Company pursuant to Sections 1(i) solely 
in connection with the consummation of a Business Combination, or pursuant 
to Section 2(b). The Company shall pay the Trustee the initial acceptance 
fee and first year’s fee at the consummation of the IPO and thereafter on 
the anniversary of the Effective Date;
 
(d)          In connection with any vote of the Company’s shareholders 
regarding a Business Combination, provide to the Trustee an affidavit or 
certificate of a firm regularly engaged in the business of soliciting 
proxies and/or tabulating shareholder votes verifying the vote of the 
Company’s shareholders regarding such Business Combination; and
 
(e)          In the event that the Company directs the Trustee to commence 
liquidation of the Trust Account pursuant to Section 1(i), the Company 
agrees that it will not direct the Trustee to make any payments that are 
not specifically authorized by this Agreement.
 
(f)          If the Company seeks to amend any provisions of its amended 
and restated memorandum and articles of association relating to 
shareholders’ rights or pre-Business Combination activity (including the 
time within which the Company has to complete a Business Combination) (in 
each case, an “Amendment”), the Company will provide the Trustee with a 
letter (an “Amendment Notification Letter”) in the form of Exhibit E 
providing instructions for the distribution of funds to Public Shareholders 
who exercise their conversion option in connection with such Amendment.
 
4.          Limitations of Liability. The Trustee shall have no 
responsibility or liability to:
 
(a)          Take any action with respect to the Property, other than as 
directed in paragraphs 1 and 2 hereof and the Trustee shall have no 
liability to any party except for liability arising out of its own gross 
negligence or willful misconduct;
 

4

 

 
(b)          Institute any proceeding for the collection of any principal 
and income arising from, or institute, appear in or defend any proceeding 
of any kind with respect to, any of the Property unless and until it shall 
have received instructions from the Company given as provided herein to do 
so and the Company shall have advanced or guaranteed to it funds sufficient 
to pay any expenses incident thereto;
 
(c)          Change the investment of any Property, other than in 
compliance with paragraph 1(c);
 
(d)          Refund any depreciation in principal of any Property;
 
(e)          Assume that the authority of any person designated by the 
Company to give instructions hereunder shall not be continuing unless 
provided otherwise in such designation, or unless the Company shall have 
delivered a written revocation of such authority to the Trustee;
 
(f)          The other parties hereto or to anyone else for any action 
taken or omitted by it, or any action suffered by it to be taken or 
omitted, in good faith and in the exercise of its own best judgment, except 
for its gross negligence or willful misconduct. The Trustee may rely 
conclusively and shall be protected in acting upon any order, notice, 
demand, certificate, opinion or advice of counsel (including counsel chosen 
by the Trustee), statement, instrument, report or other paper or document 
(not only as to its due execution and the validity and effectiveness of its 
provisions, but also as to the truth and acceptability of any information 
therein contained) which is believed by the Trustee, in good faith, to be 
genuine and to be signed or presented by the proper person or persons. The 
Trustee shall not be bound by any notice or demand, or any waiver, 
modification, termination or rescission of this Agreement or any of the 
terms hereof, unless evidenced by a written instrument delivered to the 
Trustee signed by the proper party or parties and, if the duties or rights 
of the Trustee are affected, unless it shall give its prior written consent 
thereto;
 
(g)          Verify the correctness of the information set forth in the 
Registration Statement or to confirm or assure that any acquisition made by 
the Company or any other action taken by it is as contemplated by the 
Registration Statement; and
 
(h)          File local, state and/or Federal tax returns or information 
returns with any taxing authority on behalf of the Trust Account and payee 
statements with the Company documenting the taxes, if any, payable by the 
Company or the Trust Account, relating to the income earned on the 
Property.
 
(i)          Pay any taxes on behalf of the Trust Account (it being 
expressly understood that the Property shall not be used to pay any such 
taxes and that such taxes, if any, shall be paid by the Company from funds 
not held in the Trust Account or released to it under Section 2(a) hereof).
 

5

 

 
(j)          Imply obligations, perform duties, inquire or otherwise be 
subject to the provisions of any agreement or document other than this 
agreement and that which is expressly set forth herein.
 
(k)          Verify calculations, qualify or otherwise approve Company 
requests for distributions pursuant to Section 1(i), 1(j), 2(a) or 2(b) 
above.
 
5.          Trust Account Waiver. The Trustee has no right of set-off or 
any right, title, interest or claim of any kind (“Claim”) to, or to any 
monies in, the Trust Account, and hereby irrevocably waives any Claim to, 
or to any monies in, the Trust Account that it may have now or in the 
future. In the event the Trustee has any Claim against the Company under 
this Agreement, including, without limitation, under Section 3(b) or 
Section 3(c) hereof, the Trustee shall pursue such Claim solely against the 
Company and its assets outside the Trust Account and not against the 
Property or any monies in the Trust Account
 
6.          Termination. This Agreement shall terminate as follows:
 
(a)          If the Trustee gives written notice to the Company that it 
desires to resign under this Agreement, the Company shall use its 
reasonable efforts to locate a successor trustee during which time the 
Trustee shall act in accordance with this Agreement. At such time that the 
Company notifies the Trustee that a successor trustee has been appointed by 
the Company and has agreed to become subject to the terms of this 
Agreement, the Trustee shall transfer the management of the Trust Account 
to the successor trustee, including but not limited to the transfer of 
copies of the reports and statements relating to the Trust Account, 
whereupon this Agreement shall terminate; provided, however, that, in the 
event that the Company does not locate a successor trustee within ninety 
days of receipt of the resignation notice from the Trustee, the Trustee may 
submit an application to have the Property deposited with any court in the 
State of New York or with the United States District Court for the Southern 
District of New York and upon such deposit, the Trustee shall be immune 
from any liability whatsoever; or
 
(b)          At such time that the Trustee has completed the liquidation of 
the Trust Account in accordance with the provisions of paragraph 1(i) 
hereof, and distributed the Property in accordance with the provisions of 
the Termination Letter, this Agreement shall terminate except with respect 
to Paragraph 3(b).
 
7.          Miscellaneous.
 
(a)          The Company and the Trustee each acknowledge that the Trustee 
will follow the security procedures set forth below with respect to funds 
transferred from the Trust Account. The Company and the Trustee will each 
restrict access to confidential information relating to such security 
procedures to authorized persons. Each party must notify the other party 
immediately if it has reason to believe unauthorized persons may have 
obtained access to such information, or of any change in its authorized 
personnel. In executing funds transfers, the Trustee will rely upon all 
information supplied to it by the Company, including account names, account 
numbers and all other identifying information relating to a beneficiary, 
beneficiary’s bank or intermediary bank. The Trustee shall not be liable 
for any loss, liability or expense resulting from any error in the 
information or transmission of the wire.
 

6

 

 
(b)          In connection with Section 5-1401 of the General Obligations 
Law of the State of New York, this Agreement shall be governed by, and 
construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of New York without 
regard to principles of conflicts of law that would result in the 
application of the substantive law of another jurisdiction. The parties 
hereto agree that any action, proceeding or claim arising out of or 
relating in any way to this Agreement shall be resolved through final and 
biding arbitration in accordance with the International Arbitration Rules 
of the American Arbitration Association (“AAA”). The arbitration shall be 
brought before the AAA International Center for Dispute Resolution’s 
offices in New York City, New York, will be conducted in English and will 
be decided by a panel of three arbitrators selected from the AAA Commercial 
Disputes Panel and that the arbitrator panel’s decision shall be final and 
enforceable by any court having jurisdiction over the party from whom 
enforcement is sought. The cost of such arbitrators and arbitration 
services, together with the prevailing party’s legal fees and expenses, 
shall be borne by the non-prevailing party or as otherwise directed by the 
arbitrators. The Company hereby appoints, without power of revocation, 
Graubard Miller 405 Lexington Avenue New York, New York 10174 Fax No.: 
(212) 818-8881 Attn: David Alan Miller, Esq., as their respective agent to 
accept and acknowledge on its behalf service of any and all process which 
may be served in any arbitration, action, proceeding or counterclaim in any 
way relating to or arising out of this Agreement. The Company further 
agrees to take any and all action as may be necessary to maintain such 
designation and appointment of such agent in full force and effect for a 
period of seven years from the date of this Agreement. This Agreement may 
be executed in several original or facsimile counterparts, each one of 
which shall constitute an original, and together shall constitute but one 
instrument.
 
(c)          This Agreement contains the entire agreement and understanding 
of the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof. Except for 
Section 1(i) (which may not be amended under any circumstances), this 
Agreement or any provision hereof may only be changed, amended or modified 
by a writing signed by each of the parties hereto; provided, however, that 
no such change, amendment or modification may be made without the prior 
written consent of EBC. As to any claim, cross-claim or counterclaim in any 
way relating to this Agreement, each party waives the right to trial by 
jury. The Trustee may require from Company counsel an opinion as to the 
propriety of any proposed amendment.
 
(d)          The parties hereto consent to the jurisdiction and venue of 
any state or federal court located in the City of New York, Borough of 
Manhattan, for purposes of resolving any disputes hereunder.
 
(e)          Any notice, consent or request to be given in connection with 
any of the terms or provisions of this Agreement shall be in writing and 
shall be sent by express mail or similar private courier service, by 
certified mail (return receipt requested), by hand delivery or by facsimile 
transmission:
 

7

 

 
if to the Trustee, to:
 
    Continental Stock Transfer
      & Trust Company
    17 Battery Place
    New York, New York 10004
    Attn: Steven G. Nelson, Chairman, and Frank A. DiPaolo, CFO
    Fax No.: (212) 509-5150
     
if to the Company, to:
 
            CB Pharma Acquisition Corp.
            24 New England Executive Park, Suite 105
            Burlington, Massachusetts 01803
        Attn: Chief Executive Officer
    Fax No.: ___________
 
in either case with a copy to:
 
EarlyBirdCapital, Inc.
275 Madison Avenue, 27th Floor
New York, New York 10016
Attn: Steven Levine, Chief Executive Officer
Fax No.: (212) 661-4936
 
and
 
    Graubard Miller
    405 Lexington Avenue
    New York, New York 10174
    Attn: David Alan Miller, Esq. and Jeffrey M. Gallant, Esq.
    Fax No.: (212) 818-8881
 
(f)          This Agreement may not be assigned by the Trustee without the 
prior consent of the Company.
 
(g)          Each of the Trustee and the Company hereby represents that it 
has the full right and power and has been duly authorized to enter into 
this Agreement and to perform its respective obligations as contemplated 
hereunder. The Trustee acknowledges and agrees that it shall not make any 
claims or proceed against the Trust Account, including by way of set-off, 
and shall not be entitled to any funds in the Trust Account under any 
circumstance. In the event that the Trustee has a claim against the Company 
under this Agreement, the Trustee will pursue such claim solely against the 
Company and not against the Property held in the Trust Account.
 

8

 

 
(h)          Each of the Company and the Trustee hereby acknowledge that 
EBC is a third party beneficiary of this Agreement.
 
[Signature Page Follows]
 

9

 

 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have duly executed this Investment 
Management Trust Agreement as of the date first written above.
 
  	CONTINENTAL STOCK TRANSFER & TRUST COMPANY, as Trustee
  	  	 
  	By: 	 
  	  	Name:
  	  	Title:
  	  	 
  	CB PHARMA ACQUISITION CORP.
  	  	 
  	By: 	 
  	  	Name:
  	  	Title:
 

10

 

 
SCHEDULE A
 
Fee Item 	  	Time and method of payment 	  	Amount
Initial acceptance fee 	  	Initial closing of IPO by wire transfer 	  	
$1,000
  	  	  	  	 
Annual fee 	  	First year, initial closing of IPO by wire transfer; 
thereafter on the anniversary of the effective date of the IPO by wire 
transfer or check 	  	$_____
  	  	  	  	 
Transaction processing fee for disbursements to Company under Section 2 	  	
Deduction by Trustee from accumulated income following disbursement made to 
Company under Section 2 	  	$_____
  	  	  	  	 
Paying Agent services as required pursuant to section 1(i) 	  	Billed to 
Company upon delivery of service pursuant to section 1(i) 	  	Prevailing 
rates
 

11

 

 
EXHIBIT A
 
[Letterhead of Company]
 
                     [Insert date]
 
Continental Stock Transfer
  & Trust Company
17 Battery Place
New York, New York 10004
Attn: Steven Nelson and Frank DiPaolo
 
Re: 	Trust Account No.              Termination Letter
 
Gentlemen:
 
Pursuant to paragraph 1(i) of the Investment Management Trust Agreement 
between CB Pharma Acquisition Corp. (“Company”) and Continental Stock 
Transfer & Trust Company (“Trustee”), dated as of __________, 2014 (“Trust 
Agreement”), this is to advise you that the Company has entered into an 
agreement (“Business Agreement”) with __________________ (“Target 
Business”) to consummate a business combination with Target Business 
(“Business Combination”) on or about [insert date]. The Company shall 
notify you at least 48 hours in advance of the actual date of the 
consummation of the Business Combination (“Consummation Date”). Capitalized 
terms used herein and not otherwise defined shall have the meanings set 
forth in the Trust Agreement.
 
In accordance with the terms of the Trust Agreement, we hereby authorize 
you to liquidate the Trust Account investments on __________ and to 
transfer the proceeds to the above-referenced account at JP Morgan Chase 
Bank to the effect that, on the Consummation Date, all of funds held in the 
Trust Account will be immediately available for transfer to the account or 
accounts that the Company shall direct on the Consummation Date. It is 
acknowledged and agreed that while the funds are on deposit in the trust 
account awaiting distribution, the Company will not earn any interest or 
dividends.
 
On the Consummation Date (i) counsel for the Company shall deliver to you 
written notification that the Business Combination has been consummated and 
(ii) the Company shall deliver to you (a) [an affidavit] [a certificate] of 
__________________, which verifies the vote of the Company’s shareholders 
in connection with the Business Combination if a vote is held and (b) joint 
written instructions from it and EarlyBirdCapital, Inc. with respect to the 
transfer of the funds held in the Trust Account (“Instruction Letter”). You 
are hereby directed and authorized to transfer the funds held in the Trust 
Account immediately upon your receipt of the counsel's letter and the 
Instruction Letter, in accordance with the terms of the Instruction Letter. 
In the event that certain deposits held in the Trust Account may not be 
liquidated by the Consummation Date without penalty, you will notify the 
Company of the same and the Company shall direct you as to whether such 
funds should remain in the Trust Account and distributed after the 
Consummation Date to the Company. Upon the distribution of all the funds in 
the Trust Account pursuant to the terms hereof, the Trust Agreement shall 
be terminated.
 

12

 

 
In the event that the Business Combination is not consummated on the 
Consummation Date described in the notice thereof and we have not notified 
you on or before the original Consummation Date of a new Consummation Date, 
then upon receipt by the Trustee of written instructions from the Company, 
the funds held in the Trust Account shall be reinvested as provided in the 
Trust Agreement on the business day immediately following the Consummation 
Date as set forth in the notice.
 
  	Very truly yours,
  	 
  	CB PHARMA ACQUISITION CORP.
  	  	  	 
  	By: 	  	 
  	  	  	 
  	  	  	 
  	By: 	  	 
  	  	  	 
 
AGREED TO AND 	 
ACKNOWLEDGED BY 	 
  	 
EARLYBIRDCAPITAL, INC. 	 
  	  	 
By: 	  	 
 

13

 

 
EXHIBIT B
 
[Letterhead of Company]
 
                      [Insert date]
Continental Stock Transfer
  & Trust Company
17 Battery Place
New York, New York 10004
Attn: Steven Nelson and Frank DiPaolo
 
Re: 	Trust Account No. [insert no.]___ - Termination Letter
 
Gentlemen:
 
Pursuant to paragraph 1(i) of the Investment Management Trust Agreement 
between CB Pharma Acquisition Corp. (“Company”) and Continental Stock 
Transfer & Trust Company (“Trustee”), dated as of _________, 2014 (“Trust 
Agreement”), this is to advise you that the Company has been unable to 
effect a Business Combination with a Target Company within the time frame 
specified in the Company’s Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of 
Association, as described in the Company’s prospectus relating to its IPO. 
Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined shall have the 
meanings set forth in the Trust Agreement.
 
In accordance with the terms of the Trust Agreement, we hereby authorize 
you to liquidate all the Trust Account investments on ______________ and to 
transfer the total proceeds to the Trust Checking Account at JP Morgan 
Chase Bank to await distribution to the Public Shareholders. The Company 
has selected ____________, 20__ as the record date for the purpose of 
determining the Public Shareholders entitled to receive their share of the 
liquidation proceeds. It is acknowledged that no interest will be earned by 
the Company on the liquidation proceeds while on deposit in the Trust 
Checking Account. You agree to be the Paying Agent of record and in your 
separate capacity as Paying Agent, to distribute said funds directly to the 
Public Shareholders in accordance with the terms of the Trust Agreement and 
the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association of the 
Company. Upon the distribution of all the funds in the Trust Account, your 
obligations under the Trust Agreement shall be terminated.
 
  	Very truly yours,
  	 
  	CB PHARMA ACQUISITION CORP.
  	  	  	 
  	By: 	  	 
  	  	  	 
  	  	  	 
  	By: 	  	 
  	  	  	 
 
cc: EarlyBirdCapital, Inc.
 

14

 

 
EXHIBIT C
 
[Letterhead of Company]
 
                     [Insert date]
 
Continental Stock Transfer
  & Trust Company
17 Battery Place
New York, New York 10004
Attn: Frank Di Paolo and Cynthia Jordan
 
Re: 	Trust Account No. [insert no.]____
 
Gentlemen:
 
Pursuant to paragraph 2(a) of the Investment Management Trust Agreement 
between CB Pharma Acquisition Corp. (“Company”) and Continental Stock 
Transfer & Trust Company (“Trustee”), dated as of __________, 2014 (“Trust 
Agreement”), the Company hereby requests that you deliver to the Company 
$_______ of the interest income earned on the Property as of the date 
hereof. The Company needs such funds to pay for its tax obligations. In 
accordance with the terms of the Trust Agreement, you are hereby directed 
and authorized to transfer (via wire transfer) such funds promptly upon 
your receipt of this letter to the Company’s operating account at:
 
[WIRE INSTRUCTION INFORMATION]
 
  	CB PHARMA ACQUISITION CORP.
  	  	  	 
  	By: 	  	 
  	  	  	 
  	  	  	 
  	By: 	  	 
  	  	  	 
 
cc: EarlyBirdCapital, Inc.
 

15

 

 
EXHIBIT D
 
[Letterhead of Company]
 
                      [Insert date]
 
Continental Stock Transfer
  & Trust Company
17 Battery Place
New York, New York 10004
Attn: Frank Di Paolo and Cynthia Jordan
 
Re: 	Trust Account No. [insert no.]________
 
Gentlemen:
 
Pursuant to paragraph 2(b) of the Investment Management Trust Agreement 
between CB Pharma Acquisition Corp. (“Company”) and Continental Stock 
Transfer & Trust Company (“Trustee”), dated as of __________, 2014 (“Trust 
Agreement”), the Company hereby requests that you deliver to the Company 
$_______ of the interest income earned on the Property as of the date 
hereof. The Company needs such funds to cover its expenses relating to 
investigating and selecting a target business and other working capital 
requirements. In accordance with the terms of the Trust Agreement, you are 
hereby directed and authorized to transfer (via wire transfer) such funds 
promptly upon your receipt of this letter to the Company’s operating 
account at:
 
[WIRE INSTRUCTION INFORMATION]
 
  	Very truly yours,
  	 
  	CB PHARMA ACQUISITION CORP.
  	  	  	 
  	By: 	  	 
  	  	  	 
  	  	  	 
  	By: 	  	 
  	  	  	 
 
cc: EarlyBirdCapital, Inc.
 

16

 

 
EXHIBIT E
 
[Letterhead of Company]
 
                      [Insert date]
 
Continental Stock Transfer
  & Trust Company
17 Battery Place
New York, New York 10004
Attn: Steven Nelson and Frank DiPaolo
 
Re: 	Trust Account No. [________] - Termination Letter
 
Gentlemen:
 
Reference is made to the Investment Management Trust Agreement between CB 
Pharma Acquisition Corp. (“Company”) and Continental Stock Transfer & Trust 
Company, dated as of _______, 2014 (“Trust Agreement”). Capitalized words 
used herein and not otherwise defined shall have the meanings ascribed to 
them in the Trust Agreement.
 
Pursuant to Section 1(j) of the Trust Agreement, this is to advise you that 
the Company has sought an Amendment. Accordingly, in accordance with the 
terms of the Trust Agreement, we hereby authorize you to liquidate the 
Trust Account on [       ] and to transfer $_____ of the proceeds of the 
Trust to the checking account at [          ] for distribution to the 
shareholders that have requested conversion of their shares in connection 
with such Amendment. The remaining funds shall be reinvested by you as 
previously instructed.
 
  	Very truly yours,
  	 
  	CB PHARMA ACQUISITION CORP.
  	  	  	 
  	By: 	  	 
  	  	  	 
  	  	  	 
  	By: 	  	 
  	  	  	 
 
cc: EarlyBirdCapital, Inc.
 

17