 EX-10.19 4 d638429dex1019.htm EX-10.19
Exhibit 10.19

COLLATERAL AGREEMENT

dated and effective as of

December 20, 2013

among

AP GAMING I, LLC,

each Subsidiary Party party hereto

and

CITICORP NORTH AMERICA, INC.,
as Collateral Agent

------------------------------------------------------------------------
TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
  	   	Page 	 
ARTICLE I. 	  
DEFINITIONS 	  

 SECTION 1.01. Credit Agreement

   	  	1 	  

 SECTION 1.02. Other Defined Terms

   	  	1 	  
ARTICLE II. 	  
[INTENTIONALLY OMITTED] 	  
ARTICLE III. 	  
PLEDGE OF SECURITIES 	  

 SECTION 3.01. Pledge

   	  	7 	  

 SECTION 3.02. Delivery of the Pledged Collateral

   	  	9 	  

 SECTION 3.03. Representations, Warranties and Covenants

   	  	10 	  

 SECTION 3.04. Certification of Limited Liability Company and Limited
 Partnership Interests

   	  	11 	  

 SECTION 3.05. Registration in Nominee Name; Denominations

   	  	12 	  

 SECTION 3.06. Voting Rights; Dividends and Interest, Etc

   	  	12 	  

 SECTION 3.07. Unlimited Liability Corporations

   	  	14 	  
ARTICLE IV. 	  
SECURITY INTERESTS IN PERSONAL PROPERTY 	  

 SECTION 4.01. Security Interest

   	  	15 	  

 SECTION 4.02. Representations and Warranties

   	  	17 	  

 SECTION 4.03. Covenants

   	  	19 	  

 SECTION 4.04. Other Actions

   	  	21 	  

 SECTION 4.05. Covenants Regarding Patent, Trademark and Copyright
 Collateral

   	  	22 	  
ARTICLE V. 	  
REMEDIES 	  

 SECTION 5.01. Remedies Upon Default

   	  	23 	  

 SECTION 5.02. Application of Proceeds

   	  	25 	  

 SECTION 5.03. Grant of License to Use Intellectual Property

   	  	26 	  

 SECTION 5.04. Securities Act, Etc

   	  	27 	  
 
i

------------------------------------------------------------------------
  	   	Page 	 
ARTICLE VI. 	  
MISCELLANEOUS 	  

 SECTION 6.01. Notices

   	  	27 	  

 SECTION 6.02. Security Interest Absolute

   	  	27 	  

 SECTION 6.03. Limitation By Law

   	  	28 	  

 SECTION 6.04. Binding Effect; Several Agreement

   	  	28 	  

 SECTION 6.05. Successors and Assigns

   	  	28 	  

 SECTION 6.06. Agent’s Fees and Expenses

   	  	28 	  

 SECTION 6.07. Agent Appointed Attorney-in-Fact

   	  	29 	  

 SECTION 6.08. GOVERNING LAW

   	  	30 	  

 SECTION 6.09. Waivers; Amendment

   	  	30 	  

 SECTION 6.10. WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL

   	  	30 	  

 SECTION 6.11. Severability

   	  	31 	  

 SECTION 6.12. Counterparts

   	  	31 	  

 SECTION 6.13. Headings

   	  	31 	  

 SECTION 6.14. Jurisdiction; Consent to Service of Process

   	  	31 	  

 SECTION 6.15. Termination or Release

   	  	32 	  

 SECTION 6.16. Additional Subsidiaries

   	  	33 	  

 SECTION 6.17. Compliance with Gaming Laws

   	  	34 	  

 SECTION 6.18. Subject to Any Applicable Intercreditor Agreement

   	  	35 	  

 SECTION 6.19. Other First Lien Obligations

   	  	35 	  

 SECTION 6.20. Person Serving as Agent

   	  	36 	  

 SECTION 6.21. General Authority of the Agent

   	  	36 	  

 SECTION 6.22. Application of Gaming Laws

   	  	37 	  

 Schedules

   	 	 	

 Schedule I Subsidiary Parties

   	 	 	

 Schedule II Commercial Tort Claims

   	 	 	

 Schedule III Pledged Stock; Pledged Debt

   	 	 	

 Schedule IV Intellectual Property

   	 	 	

 Exhibits

   	 	 	

 Exhibit I Form of Supplement to the Collateral Agreement

   	 	 	

 Exhibit II Form of Perfection Certificate

   	 	 	

 Exhibit III Form of Other First Lien Secured Party Consent

   	 	 	

 Exhibit IV Form of Intellectual Property Security Agreement

   	 	 	
 
ii

------------------------------------------------------------------------
COLLATERAL AGREEMENT dated and effective as of December 20, 2013 (this “
Agreement”), among AP GAMING I, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
(the “Borrower”), each Subsidiary of the Borrower listed on Schedule I 
hereto and each Subsidiary of the Borrower that becomes a party hereto 
(each, a “Subsidiary Party”) and CITICORP NORTH AMERICA, INC., as 
Collateral Agent (together with its successors and permitted assigns in 
such capacity, the “Agent”) for the Secured Parties (as defined below).

Reference is made to the First Lien Credit Agreement, dated as of the date 
hereof (as amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time 
to time, the “Credit Agreement”), among the Borrower, AP Gaming Holdings, 
LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, the Lenders party thereto from 
time to time, the Agent, as administrative agent (together with its 
successors and assigns in such capacity, the “Credit Agreement Agent”), and 
the other parties party thereto.

The Lenders and the Issuing Banks have agreed to extend credit to the 
Borrower subject to the terms and conditions set forth in the Credit 
Agreement. The obligations of the Lenders and the Issuing Banks to extend 
such credit are conditioned upon, among other things, the execution and 
delivery of this Agreement. The Subsidiary Parties, as affiliates of the 
Borrower, will derive substantial benefits from the extension of credit to 
the Borrower pursuant to the Credit Agreement. The Subsidiary Parties are 
willing to execute and deliver this Agreement in order to induce the 
Lenders and the Issuing Banks to extend such credit under the Credit 
Agreement and to induce the holders of any other Other First Lien 
Obligations to make extensions of credit under the applicable Other First 
Lien Agreements, as applicable. Accordingly, the parties hereto agree as 
follows:


ARTICLE I.

Definitions

SECTION 1.01. Credit Agreement.

(a) Capitalized terms used in this Agreement and not otherwise defined 
herein have the respective meanings assigned thereto in the Credit 
Agreement. All terms defined in Article 9 of the New York UCC (as defined 
herein) and not defined in this Agreement or the Credit Agreement have the 
meanings specified therein. The term “instrument” shall have the meaning 
specified in Article 9 of the New York UCC.

(b) The rules of construction specified in Section 1.02 of the Credit 
Agreement also apply to this Agreement.

SECTION 1.02. Other Defined Terms. As used in this Agreement, the following 
terms have the meanings specified below:

“Account Debtor” means any person who is or who may become obligated to any 
Pledgor under, with respect to or on account of an Account.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
“Agreement” has the meaning assigned to such term in the introductory 
paragraph of this agreement, as amended, restated, supplemented or 
otherwise modified from time to time.

“Applicable First Lien Representative” means the “Applicable Authorized 
Representative” as defined in the First Lien Intercreditor Agreement upon 
and during the effectiveness thereof. The Applicable First Lien 
Representative shall be the Credit Agreement Agent unless and until another 
person is designated as the Applicable First Lien Representative pursuant 
to the First Lien Intercreditor Agreement.

“Article 9 Collateral” has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 
4.01.

“Authorized Representative” means (i) the Credit Agreement Agent with 
respect to the Credit Agreement and (ii) with respect to any Series of 
Other First Lien Obligations, the duly authorized representative of the 
Secured Parties of such Series of Other First Lien Obligations designated 
as “Authorized Representative” for such Secured Parties in the related 
Other First Lien Secured Party Consent delivered to the Agent.

“Borrower” has the meaning assigned to such term in the introductory 
paragraph of this Agreement.

“Collateral” means Article 9 Collateral and Pledged Collateral. For the 
avoidance of doubt, the term Collateral does not include any Excluded 
Property.

“Copyright License” means any written agreement, now or hereafter in 
effect, granting any right to any Pledgor under any copyright (whether 
applied for or registered) now or hereafter owned by a third party, and all 
rights of any Pledgor under any such agreement (including any such rights 
that such Pledgor has the right to license).

“Copyrights” means all of the following now owned or hereafter acquired by 
any Pledgor (or, as required in the context of the definition of “Copyright 
License,” any third party licensor): (a) all copyright rights in any work 
subject to the copyright laws of the United States or any other country; 
and (b) all registrations and applications for registration of any such 
Copyright in the United States or any other country, including 
registrations, supplemental registrations and pending applications for 
registration in the United States Copyright Office, including those listed 
on Schedule IV.

“Credit Agreement” has the meaning assigned to such term in the preliminary 
statement of this Agreement.

“Credit Agreement Agent” has the meaning assigned to such term in the 
preliminary statement of this Agreement.

“Credit Agreement Loan Obligations” means the “Loan Obligations” as defined 
in the Credit Agreement.

“Credit Agreement Secured Obligations” means the “Obligations” as defined 
in the Credit Agreement.
 
 
2

------------------------------------------------------------------------
“Credit Agreement Secured Parties” means the “Secured Parties” as defined 
in the Credit Agreement.

“Event of Default” means an “Event of Default” under and as defined in the 
Credit Agreement or any Other First Lien Agreement.

“Federal Securities Laws” has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 
5.04.

“First Lien Intercreditor Agreement” means a “Permitted Pari Passu 
Intercreditor Agreement” as defined in the Credit Agreement (as amended, 
restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time).

“General Intangibles” means all “general intangibles” as defined in the New 
York UCC, including all choses in action and causes of action and all other 
intangible personal property of any Pledgor of every kind and nature (other 
than Accounts) now owned or hereafter acquired by any Pledgor, including 
corporate or other business records, indemnification claims, contract 
rights (including rights under leases, whether entered into as lessor or 
lessee, swap agreements and other agreements), Intellectual Property, 
goodwill, registrations, franchises, tax refund claims and any letter of 
credit rights, guarantee, claim, security interest or other security held 
by or granted to any Pledgor to secure payment by an Account Debtor of any 
of the Accounts.

“Intellectual Property” means all intellectual property of every kind and 
nature of any Pledgor, whether now owned or hereafter acquired by any 
Pledgor, including inventions, designs, Patents, Copyrights, Trademarks, 
Patent Licenses, Copyright Licenses, Trademark Licenses, trade secrets, 
domain names, confidential or proprietary technical and business 
information, know-how, show-how or other data or information and all 
related documentation.

“Intellectual Property Collateral” means any Article 9 Collateral 
consisting of Intellectual Property.

“Intercreditor Agreement” means a First Lien Intercreditor Agreement (upon 
and during the effectiveness thereof) or a Permitted Junior Intercreditor 
Agreement (upon and during the effectiveness thereof), as the case may be.

“IP Security Agreement” means those certain intellectual property security 
agreements executed in connection with this Agreement substantially in the 
form attached to this Agreement as Exhibit IV or such other form as shall 
be reasonably acceptable to the Agent, in each case, as may be from time to 
time modified, amended, restated and or supplemented.

“Loan Documents” means (a) the Credit Agreement, (b) all Other First Lien 
Agreements, (c) the Security Documents and (d) for purposes of Section 5.02 
and Section 6.06 only, the First Lien Intercreditor Agreement (upon and 
during the effectiveness thereof).

“Mortgaged Property” means each Material Real Property encumbered by one or 
more Mortgages to secure the Secured Obligations.
 
 
3

------------------------------------------------------------------------
“Mortgages” means, collectively, the mortgages, trust deeds, deeds of 
trust, deeds to secure debt, assignment of leases and rents, and other 
security documents delivered from time to time with respect to the 
Mortgaged Properties, as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from 
time to time.

“Nevada Gaming Authority” has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 
6.17(a).

“Nevada Gaming Laws” has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 
6.17(a).

“Nevada Licensee” has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 6.17(a).

“New York UCC” means the Uniform Commercial Code as from time to time in 
effect in the State of New York.

“Other First Lien Agreement” means any indenture, credit agreement 
(excluding the Credit Agreement) or other agreement, document or 
instrument, pursuant to which any Pledgor has or will incur Other First 
Lien Obligations; provided that, in each case, the Indebtedness thereunder 
has been designated as Other First Lien Obligations pursuant to and in 
accordance with Section 6.19.

“Other First Lien Obligations” means (a) the due and punctual payment by 
any Pledgor of (i) the unpaid principal of and interest (including interest 
accruing during the pendency of any bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership or 
other similar proceeding, regardless of whether allowed or allowable as a 
claim in such proceeding) on Indebtedness under any Other First Lien 
Agreement, when and as due, whether at maturity, by acceleration, upon one 
or more dates set for prepayment or otherwise, and (ii) all other monetary 
obligations of such Pledgor to any Secured Party under any Other First Lien 
Agreement, including obligations to pay fees, expense reimbursement 
obligations and indemnification obligations, whether primary, secondary, 
direct, contingent, fixed or otherwise (including monetary obligations 
incurred during the pendency of any bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership or 
other similar proceeding, regardless of whether allowed or allowable as a 
claim in such proceeding), (b) the due and punctual performance of all 
other obligations of such Pledgor under or pursuant to any Other First Lien 
Agreement and (c) the due and punctual payment and performance of all the 
obligations of each other Pledgor under or pursuant to any Other First Lien 
Agreement.

“Other First Lien Secured Parties” means, collectively, the holders of 
Other First Lien Obligations and any Authorized Representative with respect 
thereto.

“Other First Lien Secured Party Consent” means a consent substantially in 
the form of Exhibit III to this Agreement (or such other form as the Agent 
may agree) executed by the Authorized Representative of any holders of 
Other First Lien Obligations pursuant to Section 6.19.

“Patent License” means any written agreement, now or hereafter in effect, 
granting to any Pledgor any right to make, use or sell any invention 
covered by a letters patent or patent application now or hereafter owned by 
a third party (including any such rights that such Pledgor has the right to 
license).
 
 
4

------------------------------------------------------------------------
“Patents” means all of the following now owned or hereafter acquired by any 
Pledgor (or, as required in the context of the definition of “Patent 
License,” any third party licensor): (a) all letters patent of the United 
States or the equivalent thereof in any other country, and all applications 
for letters patent of the United States or the equivalent thereof in any 
other country, including those listed on Schedule IV, and (b) all reissues, 
continuations, divisions, continuations-in-part or extensions thereof, and 
the inventions disclosed or claimed therein, including the right to make, 
use and/or sell the inventions disclosed or claimed therein.

“Perfection Certificate” means a certificate substantially in the form of 
Exhibit II, completed and supplemented with the schedules and attachments 
contemplated thereby, and duly executed by a Responsible Officer of the 
Borrower.

“Permitted Liens” means Liens that are (a) permitted by Section 6.02 of the 
Credit Agreement and (b) not prohibited by any Other First Lien Agreement.

“Pledged Collateral” has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 3.01.

“Pledged Debt” has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 3.01.

“Pledged Securities” means any promissory notes, stock certificates or 
other certificated securities now or hereafter included in the Pledged 
Collateral, including all certificates, instruments or other documents 
representing or evidencing any Pledged Collateral.

“Pledged Stock” has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 3.01.

“Pledgor” means (i) with respect to the Credit Agreement Secured 
Obligations, the Borrower and each Subsidiary Party; and (ii) with respect 
to any Series of Other First Lien Obligations, the Borrower and each 
Subsidiary Party, excluding any of the foregoing if such person or persons 
are not intended to provide collateral with respect to such Series pursuant 
to the terms of the Other First Lien Agreement governing such Series.

“Prior Agent” has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 6.21.

“Real Property” means, collectively, all right, title and interest 
(including any leasehold estate) in and to any and all parcels of or 
interests in real property owned in fee or leased by any Pledgor, together 
with, in each case, all easements, hereditaments and appurtenances relating 
thereto, and all improvements situated, placed or constructed upon, or 
fixed to or incorporated into, or which becomes a component part of such 
real property, and appurtenant fixtures incidental to the ownership or 
lease thereof.

“Regulation S-X Excluded Collateral” has the meaning assigned to such term 
in Section 3.01.
 
 
5

------------------------------------------------------------------------
“Requirement of Law” means, as to any person, any law, treaty, rule, 
regulation, statute, order, ordinance, decree, judgment, consent decree, 
writ, injunction, settlement agreement or governmental requirement enacted, 
promulgated or imposed or entered into or agreed by any Governmental 
Authority or Gaming Authority (including Gaming Laws), in each case 
applicable to or binding upon such person or any of its property or assets 
or to which such person or any of its property or assets is subject.

“Rule 3-10” has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 3.01.

“Rule 3-16” has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 3.01.


“SEC” has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 3.01

“Secured Obligations” means, collectively, the Credit Agreement Secured 
Obligations and any Other First Lien Obligations, or any of the foregoing.

“Secured Parties” means the persons holding any Secured Obligations and in 
any event including (i) all Credit Agreement Secured Parties and (ii) all 
Other First Lien Secured Parties.

“Security Documents” has the meaning assigned to such term in the Credit 
Agreement and any analogous term in any Other First Lien Agreement (but, 
with respect to the Secured Obligations of any Series, the term Security 
Documents shall not include any document which by its terms is solely for 
the benefit of the holders of one or more other Series of Secured 
Obligations and not such Series of Secured Obligations).

“Security Interest” has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 4.01.

“Series” means (a) with respect to the Secured Parties, each of (i) the 
Credit Agreement Secured Parties (in their capacities as such) and (ii) the 
Other First Lien Secured Parties that become subject to this Agreement and 
the First Lien Intercreditor Agreement after the date hereof that are 
represented by a common Authorized Representative (in its capacity as such 
for such Other First Lien Secured Parties) and (b) with respect to any 
Secured Obligations, each of (i) the Credit Agreement Secured Obligations 
and (ii) the Other First Lien Obligations incurred pursuant to any Other 
First Lien Agreement, which pursuant to any Other First Lien Secured Party 
Consent, are to be represented hereunder by a common Authorized 
Representative (in its capacity as such for such Other First Lien 
Obligations).

“Specified Excluded Collateral” means, solely with respect to any Series of 
Other First Lien Obligations, any asset that is not intended to be 
collateral with respect to such Series pursuant to the terms of the Other 
First Lien Agreement governing such Series (including the Regulation S-X 
Excluded Collateral to the extent applicable to such Series in accordance 
with the last paragraph of Section 3.01).

“Subsidiary Party” has the meaning assigned to such term in the preliminary 
statement of this Agreement.

“Successor Agent” has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 6.21.
 
 
6

------------------------------------------------------------------------
“Termination Date” means the “Termination Date” as defined in the Credit 
Agreement.

“Trademark License” means any written agreement, now or hereafter in 
effect, granting to any Pledgor any right to use any trademark, service 
mark or general intangibles of like nature now or hereafter owned by a 
third party (including any such rights that such Pledgor has the right to 
license).

“Trademarks” means all of the following now owned or hereafter acquired by 
any Pledgor (or, as required in the context of the definition of “Trademark 
License,” any third party licensor): (a) all trademarks, service marks, 
corporate names, company names, business names, fictitious business names, 
trade styles, trade dress, logos, other source or business identifiers, 
designs and general intangibles of like nature, now existing or hereafter 
adopted or acquired, all registrations thereof (if any), and all 
registration and recording applications filed in connection therewith, 
including registrations and registration applications in the United States 
Patent and Trademark Office or any similar offices in any State of the 
United States or any other country or any political subdivision thereof, 
and all renewals thereof, including those listed on Schedule IV and (b) all 
goodwill associated with or symbolized by the foregoing.

“ULC” has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 3.07.

“ULC Interests” has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 3.07.

“ULC Laws” means the Companies Act (Nova Scotia), the Business Corporations 
Act (Alberta) and the Business Corporations Act (British Columbia).


ARTICLE II.

[Intentionally Omitted]


ARTICLE III.

Pledge of Securities

SECTION 3.01. Pledge. As security for the payment or performance, as the 
case may be, in full of the Secured Obligations, each Pledgor hereby 
assigns and pledges to the Agent, its successors and permitted assigns, for 
the benefit of the Secured Parties, and hereby grants to the Agent, its 
successors and permitted assigns, for the benefit of the Secured Parties, a 
security interest in all of such Pledgor’s right, title and interest in, to 
and under:

(a) the Equity Interests directly owned by it (which such Equity Interests 
constituting Pledged Stock on the date hereof shall be listed on Schedule 
III) and any other Equity Interests obtained in the future by such Pledgor 
and any certificates representing all such Equity Interests (the “Pledged 
Stock”); provided that the Pledged Stock shall not include any Excluded 
Property;
 
 
7

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(b) (i) the debt securities currently issued to any Pledgor (which debt 
securities constituting Pledged Debt shall be listed on Schedule III), (ii) 
any debt securities in the future issued to such Pledgor and (iii) the 
promissory notes and any other instruments, if any, evidencing such debt 
securities (the items referred to in subclauses (i) through (iii), 
collectively, the “Pledged Debt”); provided that the Pledged Debt shall not 
include any Excluded Property;

(c) subject to Section 3.06, all payments of principal or interest, 
dividends, cash, instruments and other property from time to time received, 
receivable or otherwise distributed in respect of, in exchange for or upon 
the conversion of, and all other proceeds received in respect of, the 
Pledged Stock and the Pledged Debt;

(d) subject to Section 3.06, all rights and privileges of such Pledgor with 
respect to the Pledged Stock and the Pledged Debt and other property 
referred to in clause (c) above; and

(e) all proceeds of any of the foregoing (the items referred to in clauses 
(a) through this clause (e) being collectively referred to as the “Pledged 
Collateral”); provided, that the Pledged Collateral shall not include any 
Excluded Property.

TO HAVE AND TO HOLD the Pledged Collateral, together with all right, title, 
interest, powers, privileges and preferences pertaining or incidental 
thereto, unto the Agent, its successors and permitted assigns, for the 
benefit of the Secured Parties, forever; subject, however, to the terms, 
covenants and conditions hereinafter set forth.

Notwithstanding anything else to the contrary, in the event that Rule 3-10 
(“Rule 3-10”) or Rule 3-16 (“Rule 3-16”) of Regulation S-X under the 
Securities Act of 1933, as amended, as amended, modified or interpreted by 
the Securities Exchange Commission (“SEC”), would require (or is replaced 
with another rule or regulation, or any other law, rule or regulation is 
adopted, which would require) the filing with the SEC (or any other 
Governmental Authority) of separate financial statements of the Borrower or 
any Subsidiary of the Borrower due to the fact that such person’s Equity 
Interests secure any Series of the Other First Lien Obligations affected 
thereby, then the Equity Interests of such person (the “Regulation S-X 
Excluded Collateral”) will automatically be deemed not to be part of the 
Collateral securing such Series of Other First Lien Obligations affected 
thereby, but only to the extent necessary to not be subject to such 
requirement and only for so long as required to not be subject to such 
requirement. In such event, this Agreement may be amended or modified, 
without the consent of any Secured Party, to the extent necessary to 
release the Lien on the Regulation S-X Excluded Collateral in favor of the 
Agent with respect only to the relevant Series of Other First Lien 
Obligations. In the event that Rule 3-10 or Rule 3-16 is amended, modified 
or interpreted by the SEC to permit (or is replaced with another rule or 
regulation, or any other law, rule or regulation is adopted, which would 
permit) any Regulation S-X Excluded Collateral to secure the Other First 
Lien Obligations in excess of the amount then pledged without the filing 
with the SEC (or any other Governmental Authority) of separate financial 
statements of such person, then the Equity Interests of such person will 
automatically be deemed to be a part of the Collateral for the relevant 
Series of Other First Lien Obligations. For the avoidance of doubt and 
notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, nothing in this 
paragraph shall limit the pledge of such Equity Interests and other 
securities from securing the Secured Obligations (other than the relevant 
Series of
 
8

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Other First Lien Obligations) at all relevant times or from securing any 
Other First Lien Obligations that are not in respect of securities subject 
to regulation by the SEC. To the extent any proceeds of any collection or 
sale of Equity Interests deemed by this paragraph to no longer constitute 
part of the Collateral for the relevant Series of Other First Lien 
Obligations are to be applied by the Agent in accordance with Section 5.02 
hereof, such proceeds shall, notwithstanding the terms of Section 5.02 and 
the First Lien Intercreditor Agreement, not be applied to the payment of 
such Series of Other First Lien Obligations.

SECTION 3.02. Delivery of the Pledged Collateral.

(a) Subject to the provisions of Section 6.17, each Pledgor agrees promptly 
(and in any event within 45 days after the acquisition (or such longer time 
as the Applicable First Lien Representative shall permit in its reasonable 
discretion)) to deliver or cause to be delivered to the Agent, for the 
benefit of the Secured Parties, any and all Pledged Securities to the 
extent such Pledged Securities are either (i) Equity Interests that 
constitute Pledged Stock or (ii) in the case of promissory notes or other 
instruments evidencing Indebtedness, are required to be delivered pursuant 
to paragraph (b) of this Section 3.02.

(b) Each Pledgor will cause any Indebtedness for borrowed money (other than 
Excluded Property) (i) having, in each case, an aggregate principal amount 
in excess of $2,000,000 or (ii) payable by the Borrower or any Subsidiary 
owed to such Pledgor by any person to be evidenced by a duly executed 
promissory note that is pledged and delivered to the Agent, for the benefit 
of the Secured Parties, pursuant to the terms hereof (including clause (a) 
above). To the extent any such promissory note is a demand note, each 
Pledgor party thereto agrees, if requested by the Agent, to immediately 
demand payment thereunder upon an Event of Default specified under Section 
7.01(b), (c), (h) or (i) of the Credit Agreement or under any equivalent 
provision of any Other First Lien Agreement, unless such demand would not 
be commercially reasonable or would otherwise expose such Pledgor to 
liability to the maker.

(c) Subject to the provisions of Section 6.17, upon delivery to the Agent, 
(i) any Pledged Securities required to be delivered pursuant to the 
foregoing paragraphs (a) and (b) of this Section 3.02 shall be accompanied 
by stock powers or note powers, as applicable, duly executed in blank or 
other instruments of transfer reasonably satisfactory to the Agent and by 
such other instruments and documents as the Agent may reasonably request 
and (ii) all other property comprising part of the Pledged Collateral 
delivered pursuant to the terms of this Agreement shall be accompanied to 
the extent necessary to perfect the security interest in or allow 
realization on the Pledged Collateral by proper instruments of assignment 
duly executed by the applicable Pledgor and such other instruments or 
documents as the Agent may reasonably request. Each delivery of Pledged 
Securities shall be accompanied by a schedule describing the securities, 
which schedule shall be attached hereto as Schedule III (or a supplement to 
Schedule III, as applicable) and made a part hereof; provided that failure 
to attach any such schedule hereto shall not affect the validity of such 
pledge of such Pledged Securities. Each schedule so delivered shall 
supplement any prior schedules so delivered.
 
9

------------------------------------------------------------------------
SECTION 3.03. Representations, Warranties and Covenants. The Pledgors, 
jointly and severally, represent, warrant and covenant to and with the 
Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties, that:

(a) Schedule III (as supplemented after the date hereof from time to time, 
as applicable) correctly sets forth (and, with respect to any Pledged Stock 
issued by an issuer that is not a subsidiary of the Borrower, correctly 
sets forth, to the knowledge of the relevant Pledgor), as of the date of 
such Schedule (or supplement, as applicable), the percentage of the issued 
and outstanding Equity Interests of the issuer thereof represented by such 
Pledged Stock and includes (i) all Equity Interests required to be pledged 
hereunder and (ii) all debt securities and promissory notes or instruments 
evidencing Indebtedness, in each case of this clause (ii), required to be 
pledged hereunder (and, in each case, to otherwise satisfy the Collateral 
and Guarantee Requirement);

(b) the Pledged Stock (and, with respect to any Pledged Stock issued by an 
issuer that is not a subsidiary of the Borrower, to the knowledge of the 
relevant Pledgor) have been duly and validly authorized and issued by the 
issuers thereof and are fully paid and, with respect to Equity Interests 
constituting capital stock of a corporation, nonassessable (subject to the 
assessability of the shares of a ULC under the ULC Laws);

(c) except for the security interests granted hereunder (or otherwise not 
prohibited by the Loan Documents and each Other First Lien Agreement then 
in effect), each Pledgor (i) is and, subject to any transfers made not in 
violation of the Credit Agreement and each Other First Lien Agreement, will 
continue to be, the direct owner, beneficially and of record, of the 
Pledged Securities indicated on Schedule III as owned by such Pledgor, (ii) 
holds the same free and clear of all Liens, other than Permitted Liens, 
(iii) will make no assignment, pledge, hypothecation or transfer of, or 
create or permit to exist any security interest in or other Lien on, the 
Pledged Collateral, other than pursuant to a transaction not prohibited by 
the Credit Agreement and each Other First Lien Agreement and other than 
Permitted Liens, and (iv) subject to the rights of such Pledgor under the 
Loan Documents and each Other First Lien Agreement then in effect to 
Dispose of Pledged Collateral, will use commercially reasonable efforts to 
defend its title or interest thereto or therein against any and all Liens 
(other than Permitted Liens), however arising, of all persons;

(d) other than as set forth in the Credit Agreement or the schedules 
thereto or, after the termination of the Credit Agreement, in any Other 
First Lien Agreement, and except for restrictions and limitations imposed 
by the Loan Documents, any Other First Lien Agreement, Gaming Laws or 
securities laws generally or otherwise not prohibited by the Credit 
Agreement and each Other First Lien Agreement (or, in the case of shares of 
a ULC, any requirement under the ULC Laws that transfers of such shares be 
approved by the directors of the ULC), the Pledged Stock (other than 
partnership interest) is and will continue to be freely transferable and 
assignable, and none of the Pledged Stock is or will be subject to any 
option, right of first refusal, shareholders agreement, charter, by-law, 
memorandum of association or articles of association provisions or 
contractual restriction of any nature that might prohibit, impair, delay or 
otherwise affect the pledge of such Pledged Collateral hereunder, the 
Disposition thereof pursuant hereto or the exercise by the Agent of rights 
and remedies hereunder other than under applicable Requirements of Law 
(including Gaming Laws);

(e) each Pledgor has the power and authority to pledge the Pledged 
Collateral pledged by it hereunder in the manner hereby done or 
contemplated;
 
10

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(f) other than as set forth in the Credit Agreement or the schedules 
thereto or as required under Gaming Laws, as of the date hereof, no consent 
or approval of any Governmental Authority, any securities exchange or any 
other person was or is necessary to the validity of the pledge effected 
hereby (other than such as have been obtained and are in full force and 
effect);

(g) by virtue of the execution and delivery by the Pledgors of this 
Agreement, when any Pledged Securities are delivered to the Agent, for the 
benefit of the Secured Parties, in accordance with this Agreement and a 
financing statement naming the Agent as the secured party and covering the 
Pledged Collateral to which such Pledged Securities relate is filed in the 
appropriate filing office pursuant to Section 4.02(b), the Agent will 
obtain, for the benefit of the Secured Parties, a legal, valid and 
perfected lien upon and security interest in such Pledged Collateral under 
the applicable Uniform Commercial Code, subject only to Permitted Liens, as 
security for the payment and performance of the Secured Obligations to the 
extent such perfection is governed by the applicable Uniform Commercial 
Code; and

(h) Subject to Section 6.17, the pledge effected hereby is effective to 
vest in the Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties, the rights of 
the Agent in the Pledged Collateral as set forth herein.

SECTION 3.04. Certification of Limited Liability Company and Limited 
Partnership Interests.

(a) In respect of each interest in any limited liability company or limited 
partnership Controlled by any Pledgor, pledged hereunder and that is a 
“security” (within the meaning of Section 8-103 of the New York UCC or the 
corresponding code or statute of any other applicable jurisdiction), such 
interest shall at all times be a “security” governed by Article 8 of the 
New York UCC or the corresponding code or statute of any other applicable 
jurisdiction and at all times be evidenced by a certificate delivered to 
the Agent pursuant to the terms hereof, unless promptly thereafter (and in 
any event within 30 days or such longer period as the Agent may permit in 
its reasonable discretion), such Pledgor provides notification to the Agent 
of the election to have such interest no longer constitute a “security” 
(within the meaning of Section 8-103 of the New York UCC or the 
corresponding code or statute of any other applicable jurisdiction), and 
thereafter complies with the following clause (b).

(b) In respect of each interest in any limited liability company or limited 
partnership Controlled by a Pledgor, pledged hereunder and that is not a 
“security” (within the meaning of Section 8-103 of the New York UCC or the 
corresponding code or statute of any other applicable jurisdiction), such 
Pledgor shall at no time elect to treat such interest as a “security” 
within the meaning of Article 8 of the New York UCC or issue any 
certificate representing such interest, unless promptly thereafter (and in 
any event within 30 days or such longer period as the Agent may permit in 
its reasonable discretion), such Pledgor provides notification to the Agent 
of such election and delivers any such certificate to the Agent pursuant to 
the terms hereof.
 
11

------------------------------------------------------------------------
SECTION 3.05. Registration in Nominee Name; Denominations. The Agent, on 
behalf of the Secured Parties, shall have the right (in its sole and 
absolute discretion) to hold the Pledged Securities (other than Pledged 
Securities that are ULC Interests) in the name of the applicable Pledgor, 
endorsed or assigned in blank or in favor of the Agent or, if an Event of 
Default shall have occurred and be continuing, in its own name as pledgee 
or the name of its nominee (as pledgee or as sub-agent). Following the 
occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, each Pledgor 
will promptly give to the Agent copies of any notices or other 
communications received by it with respect to Pledged Securities registered 
in the name of such Pledgor. If an Event of Default shall have occurred and 
be continuing, the Agent shall have the right to exchange the certificates 
representing Pledged Securities (other than Pledged Securities that are ULC 
Interests) for certificates of smaller or larger denominations for any 
purpose consistent with this Agreement. With respect to Pledged Securities 
that are ULC Interests, at any time at which an Event of Default has 
occurred and is continuing, the Agent shall have the right to require the 
Pledgors to cause the ULC Interests to be transferred and registered as the 
Agent may direct and each applicable Pledgor covenants that, at the time of 
any such transfer, it will provide all required consents and approvals. 
Each Pledgor shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to cause any 
Subsidiary of the Borrower that is not a party to this Agreement to comply 
with a request by the Agent, pursuant to this Section 3.05, to exchange 
certificates representing Pledged Securities of such Subsidiary for 
certificates of smaller or larger denominations.

SECTION 3.06. Voting Rights; Dividends and Interest, Etc.

(a) Unless and until an Event of Default shall have occurred and be 
continuing and the Agent shall have given written notice to the relevant 
Pledgors of the Agent’s intention to exercise its rights hereunder:

(i) Each Pledgor shall be entitled to exercise any and all voting and/or 
other consensual rights and powers inuring to an owner of Pledged 
Collateral or any part thereof for any purpose not prohibited by the terms 
of this Agreement, the Credit Agreement and each Other First Lien Agreement 
then in effect; provided that, except as not prohibited by the Credit 
Agreement, any other Loan Documents and each Other First Lien Agreement 
then in effect, such rights and powers shall not be exercised in any manner 
that could materially and adversely affect the rights and remedies of any 
of the Agent or the other Secured Parties under this Agreement, the Credit 
Agreement, any other Loan Documents or any Other First Lien Agreement or 
the ability of the Secured Parties to exercise the same.

(ii) The Agent shall promptly execute and deliver to each Pledgor, or cause 
to be executed and delivered to such Pledgor, all such proxies, powers of 
attorney and other instruments as such Pledgor may reasonably request for 
the purpose of enabling such Pledgor to exercise the voting and/or 
consensual rights and powers it is entitled to exercise pursuant to 
subparagraph (i) above.

(iii) Each Pledgor shall be entitled to receive and retain any and all 
dividends, interest, principal and other distributions paid on or 
distributed in respect of the Pledged Collateral to the extent and only to 
the extent that such dividends, interest, principal and other distributions 
are not prohibited by, and otherwise paid or distributed in accordance 
with, the terms and conditions of the Credit Agreement, any other Loan 
Documents and each Other First Lien Agreement then in effect and applicable 
laws; provided that any noncash dividends, interest, principal or other 
distributions that would constitute Pledged
 
12

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Securities, whether resulting from a subdivision, combination or 
reclassification of the outstanding Equity Interests of the issuer of any 
Pledged Securities, received in exchange for Pledged Securities or any part 
thereof, or in redemption thereof or as a result of any merger, 
consolidation, acquisition or other exchange of assets to which such issuer 
may be a party or otherwise, shall be and become part of the Pledged 
Collateral, and, if received by any Pledgor, shall be promptly (and in any 
event within 45 days following their receipt (or such longer time as the 
Applicable First Lien Representative shall permit in its reasonable 
discretion)) delivered to the Agent, for the benefit of the Secured 
Parties, in the same form as so received (endorsed in a manner reasonably 
satisfactory to the Agent).

(b) Upon the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default 
and upon written notice by the Agent to the relevant Pledgors of the 
Agent’s intention to exercise its rights hereunder, all rights of any 
Pledgor to receive dividends, interest, principal or other distributions 
with respect to the Pledged Securities that are not ULC Interests that such 
Pledgor is authorized to receive pursuant to paragraph (a)(iii) of this 
Section 3.06 shall cease, and all such rights shall thereupon become 
vested, for the benefit of the Secured Parties, in the Agent, which shall 
have the sole and exclusive right and authority to receive and retain such 
dividends, interest, principal or other distributions; provided, that 
notwithstanding the occurrence and continuation of an Event of Default, any 
Pledgor may continue to exercise dividend and distribution rights solely to 
the extent permitted under subclause (i), subclause (iii) and subclause (v) 
of Section 6.06(b) of the Credit Agreement. All dividends, interest, 
principal or other distributions received by any Pledgor contrary to the 
provisions of this Section 3.06 shall not be commingled by such Pledgor 
with any of its other funds or property but shall be held separate and 
apart therefrom, shall be held in trust for the benefit of the Agent, for 
the benefit of the Secured Parties, and shall be forthwith delivered to the 
Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties, in the same form as so 
received (endorsed in a manner reasonably satisfactory to the Agent). Any 
and all money and other property paid over to or received by the Agent 
pursuant to the provisions of this paragraph (b) shall be retained by the 
Agent in an account to be established by the Agent upon receipt of such 
money or other property and shall be applied in accordance with the 
provisions of Section 5.02. After all Events of Default have been cured or 
waived and the Borrower has delivered to the Agent a certificate to that 
effect, the Agent shall promptly repay to each Pledgor (without interest) 
all dividends, interest, principal or other distributions that such Pledgor 
would otherwise be permitted to retain pursuant to the terms of paragraph 
(a)(iii) of this Section 3.06 and that remain in such account. With respect 
to Pledged Securities that are ULC Interests, all rights of any Pledgor to 
receive dividends, interest, principal or other distributions (except for 
any dividend or distribution comprised of Pledged Securities that are 
certificated, which shall be delivered to the Agent to hold hereunder in 
accordance with the terms herein) that such Pledgor is authorized to 
receive pursuant to paragraph (a)(iii) of this Section 3.06 shall continue 
and not become vested or held in trust for or on behalf of the Agent until 
such time as such ULC Interests are effectively transferred into the name 
of the Agent, any other Secured Party or any other Person on the books and 
records of the applicable ULC.

(c) Upon the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default 
and after written notice by the Agent to the Borrower of the Agent’s 
intention to exercise its rights hereunder, subject to applicable Gaming 
Laws, all rights of any Pledgor to exercise the voting and/or consensual 
rights and powers it is entitled to exercise pursuant to paragraph (a)(i)
 
13

------------------------------------------------------------------------
of this Section 3.06 with respect to Pledged Securities that are not ULC 
Interests, and the obligations of the Agent under paragraph (a)(ii) of this 
Section 3.06, shall cease, and all such rights shall thereupon become 
vested in the Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties, which shall 
have the sole and exclusive right and authority to exercise such voting and 
consensual rights and powers; provided that, unless otherwise directed by 
the Applicable First Lien Representative, the Agent shall have the right 
from time to time following and during the continuance of an Event of 
Default to permit the Pledgors to exercise such rights. After all Events of 
Default have been cured or waived and the Borrower has delivered to the 
Agent a certificate to that effect, all rights of any Pledgor to exercise 
the voting and/or other consensual rights and powers it is entitled to 
exercise pursuant to paragraph (a)(i) of this Section 3.06 shall continue 
and all such rights shall no longer be vested in the Agent for the benefit 
of the Secured Parties, and the obligations of the Agent under paragraph 
(a)(ii) of this Section 3.06 shall be reinstated. With respect to Pledged 
Securities that are ULC Interests, all rights of any Pledgor to exercise 
the voting and/or other consensual rights and powers that such Pledgor is 
authorized to exercise pursuant to paragraph (a)(i) of this Section 3.06 
shall continue and all such rights shall not become vested in the Agent or 
the Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties until such time as such 
ULC Interests are effectively transferred into the name of the Agent, any 
other Secured Party or any other Person on the books and records of the 
applicable ULC.

(d) Any notice given by the Agent to the Borrower suspending any Pledgor’s 
rights under paragraph (a)(i) of this Section 3.06 may be given by 
telephone if promptly confirmed in writing and (ii) may suspend the rights 
of the Pledgors under paragraph (a)(i) or paragraph (a)(iii) of this 
Section 3.06 in part without suspending all such rights (as specified by 
the Agent in its sole and absolute discretion) and without waiving or 
otherwise affecting the Agent’s rights to give additional notices from time 
to time suspending other rights so long as an Event of Default has occurred 
and is continuing.

SECTION 3.07. Unlimited Liability Corporations. Notwithstanding the grant 
of security interest made by a Pledgor in favor of the Agent, its successor 
and assigns, for the benefit of the Secured Parties, of all of its Pledged 
Securities, any Pledgor that owns any shares or other Equity Interests in 
the capital stock (for the purposes of this Article III, “ULC Interests”) 
in any unlimited liability corporation (for the purposes of this Article 
III, a “ULC”) pledged hereunder shall remain registered as the sole 
registered and beneficial owner of such ULC Interests and will remain as 
registered and beneficial owner until such time as such ULC Interests are 
effectively transferred into the name of the Agent, any other Secured Party 
or any other person on the books and records of such ULC. Nothing in this 
Agreement is intended to or shall constitute the Agent, any other Secured 
Party or any person as a shareholder of any ULC until such time as notice 
is given to such ULC and further steps are taken thereunder so as to 
register the Agent, any other Secured Party or any other person as the 
holder of the ULC Interests of such ULC. To the extent any provision hereof 
would have the effect of constituting the Agent, any other Secured Party or 
any other person as a shareholder of a ULC prior to such time, such 
provision shall be severed therefrom and ineffective with respect to the 
ULC Interests of such ULC without otherwise invalidating or rendering 
unenforceable this Agreement or invalidating or rendering unenforceable 
such provision insofar as it relates to Pledged Securities which are not 
ULC Interests. Except upon the exercise of rights to sell or otherwise 
dispose of ULC Interests following the occurrence and during the 
continuance of an Event of Default hereunder, no Pledgor
 
14

------------------------------------------------------------------------
shall cause or permit, or enable any ULC in which it holds ULC Interests to 
cause or permit, the Agent, or any other Secured Party to: (a) be 
registered as shareholders of such ULC; (b) have any notation entered in 
its favor in the share register of such ULC; (c) be held out as a 
shareholder of such ULC; (d) receive, directly or indirectly, any 
dividends, property or other distributions from such ULC by reason of the 
Agent holding a security interest in such ULC; or (e) act as a shareholder 
of such ULC, or exercise any rights of a shareholder of such ULC including 
the right to attend a meeting of, or to vote the ULC Interests of, such 
ULC.


ARTICLE IV.

Security Interests in Personal Property

SECTION 4.01. Security Interest.

(a) As security for the payment or performance, as the case may be, in full 
of the Secured Obligations, each Pledgor hereby assigns and pledges to the 
Agent, its successors and permitted assigns, for the benefit of the Secured 
Parties, and hereby grants to the Agent, its successors and permitted 
assigns, for the benefit of the Secured Parties, a security interest (the “
Security Interest”) in all right, title and interest in or to any and all 
of the following assets and properties now owned or at any time hereafter 
acquired by such Pledgor or in which such Pledgor now has or at any time in 
the future may acquire any right, title or interest (collectively, the “
Article 9 Collateral”):

(i) all Accounts;

(ii) all Chattel Paper;

(iii) all cash and Deposit Accounts;

(iv) all Documents;

(v) all Equipment;

(vi) all Fixtures;

(vii) all General Intangibles;

(viii) Goods;

(ix) all Instruments other than to the extent constituting Pledged Debt, 
which are governed by Article II;

(x) all Intellectual Property;

(xi) all Inventory;
 
15

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(xii) all Investment Property (other than to the extent constituting 
Pledged Collateral, which are governed by Article II);

(xiii) all Letter of Credit Rights;

(xiv) all Commercial Tort Claims described on Schedule II hereto (as may be 
supplemented from time to time pursuant to Section 4.04);

(xv) all books and records pertaining to the Article 9 Collateral; and

(xvi) to the extent not otherwise included, all proceeds, Supporting 
Obligations and products of any and all of the foregoing and all collateral 
security and guarantees given by any person with respect to any of the 
foregoing;

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, any other Loan 
Document or any Other First Lien Agreement, this Agreement shall not 
constitute a grant of a security interest in (and the Article 9 Collateral 
shall not include), and the other provisions of the Loan Documents and any 
Other First Lien Agreement with respect to Collateral need not be satisfied 
with respect to, the Excluded Property. In addition, for the avoidance of 
doubt, the provisions of Section 9.24 (Application of Gaming Laws) of the 
Credit Agreement and Section 6.22 (Gaming Laws) of this Agreement shall 
apply to all the terms and provisions of this Agreement.

(b) Each Pledgor hereby irrevocably authorizes the Agent at any time and 
from time to time to file in any relevant jurisdiction any initial 
financing statements (including fixture filings with respect to the 
Mortgaged Properties) with respect to the Article 9 Collateral or any part 
thereof and amendments thereto that contain the information required by 
Article 9 of the Uniform Commercial Code of each applicable jurisdiction 
for the filing of any financing statement or amendment, including (i) 
whether such Pledgor is an organization, the type of organization and any 
organizational identification number issued to such Pledgor, (ii) in the 
case of a financing statement filed as a fixture filing, a sufficient 
description of the real property to which such Article 9 Collateral relates 
and (iii) a description of collateral that describes such property in any 
other manner as the Agent may reasonably determine is necessary or 
advisable to ensure the perfection of the security interest in the Article 
9 Collateral granted under this Agreement, including describing such 
property as “all assets” or “all personal property” or words of similar 
effect. Each Pledgor agrees to provide such information to the Agent 
promptly upon request.

The Agent is further authorized to file with the United States Patent and 
Trademark Office or United States Copyright Office such documents as may be 
reasonably necessary or advisable for the purpose of perfecting, 
confirming, continuing, enforcing or protecting the Security Interest 
granted by each Pledgor in such Pledgor’s Patents, Trademarks and 
Copyrights, without the signature of such Pledgor, and naming such Pledgor 
or the Pledgors as debtors and the Agent as secured party. Notwithstanding 
anything to the contrary herein, no Pledgor shall be required to take any 
action under the laws of any jurisdiction other than the United States of 
America (or any political subdivision thereof) for the purpose of 
perfecting the Security Interest in any Article 9 Collateral of such 
Pledgor constituting Patents, Trademarks or Copyrights or any other assets.
 
16

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(c) The Security Interest is granted as security only and shall not subject 
the Agent or any other Secured Party to, or in any way alter or modify, any 
obligation or liability of any Pledgor with respect to or arising out of 
the Article 9 Collateral.

(d) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, none of the 
Pledgors shall be required to enter into any control agreements or control, 
lockbox or similar arrangements with respect to any Deposit Accounts, 
Securities Accounts, Commodities Accounts or any other assets (other than 
the delivery of Pledged Securities to the Agent to the extent required by 
Article III).

SECTION 4.02. Representations and Warranties. The Pledgors jointly and 
severally represent and warrant to the Agent, for the benefit of the 
Secured Parties that:

(a) Each Pledgor has good and valid rights in and title to the Article 9 
Collateral with respect to which it has purported to grant a Security 
Interest hereunder, except where the failure to have such rights and title 
would not reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, 
a Material Adverse Effect, and has full power and authority to grant to the 
Agent the Security Interest in such Article 9 Collateral pursuant hereto 
and to execute, deliver and perform its obligations in accordance with the 
terms of this Agreement, without the consent or approval of any other 
person as of the date hereof other than any consent or approval that has 
been obtained and is in full force and effect or has otherwise been 
disclosed herein or in the Credit Agreement and the schedules thereto or, 
after the termination of the Credit Agreement, in any Other First Lien 
Agreement.

(b) The Perfection Certificate attached hereto as Exhibit II has been duly 
prepared, completed and executed and the information set forth therein, 
including the exact legal name of each Pledgor, is correct and complete, in 
all material respects, as of the Closing Date. Except as provided in 
Section 5.10 of the Credit Agreement, the Uniform Commercial Code financing 
statements or other appropriate filings, recordings or registrations 
containing a description of the Article 9 Collateral have been prepared by 
the Agent based upon the information provided to the Agent in the 
Perfection Certificate for filing in each governmental, municipal or other 
office specified in Schedule 4 to the Perfection Certificate (or specified 
by notice from the Borrower to the Agent after the Closing Date in the case 
of filings, recordings or registrations required by Section 5.10 of the 
Credit Agreement or, after the termination of the Credit Agreement, any 
equivalent provision of each Other First Lien Agreement), and constitute 
all the filings, recordings and registrations (other than filings required 
to be made in the United States Patent and Trademark Office and the United 
States Copyright Office in order to perfect the Security Interest in 
Article 9 Collateral consisting of United States issued Patents, United 
States registered Trademarks and United States registered Copyrights) that 
are necessary as of the Closing Date to publish notice of and protect the 
validity of and to establish a legal, valid and perfected security interest 
in favor of the Agent (for the benefit of the Secured Parties) in respect 
of all Article 9 Collateral in which the Security Interest may be perfected 
by filing, recording or registration in the United States (or any political 
subdivision thereof) and its territories and possessions, and no further or 
subsequent filing, refiling, recording, rerecording, registration or 
reregistration is necessary in any such jurisdiction, except as provided 
under applicable law with respect to the filing of continuation statements 
or amendments. Except as provided in Section 5.10 of the Credit Agreement, 
each Pledgor represents and warrants that IP Security Agreements executed
 
17

------------------------------------------------------------------------
by the applicable Pledgors containing a description of all Article 9 
Collateral consisting of Intellectual Property that are United States 
issued Patents (and Patents for which U.S. registration applications are 
pending) and United States registered Trademarks (and Trademarks for which 
U.S. registration applications are pending) have been delivered to the 
Agent for recording with the United States Patent and Trademark Office and 
the United States Copyright Office pursuant to 35 U.S.C. § 261, 15 U.S.C. § 
1060 or 17 U.S.C. § 205 and the regulations thereunder, as applicable, to 
protect the validity of and to establish a legal, valid and perfected 
security interest (or, in the case of Patents and Trademarks, notice 
thereof) in favor of the Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties, in 
respect of all Article 9 Collateral consisting of such Intellectual 
Property in which a security interest may be perfected by recording with 
the United States Patent and Trademark Office and the United States 
Copyright Office, as applicable, and no further or subsequent filing, 
refiling, recording, rerecording, registration or reregistration is 
necessary (other than (x) the Uniform Commercial Code financing statements 
and (y) such actions as are necessary to perfect the Security Interest with 
respect to any Article 9 Collateral consisting of Patents, Trademarks and 
Copyrights (or registration or application for registration thereof) 
acquired or developed after the Closing Date).

(c) The Security Interest constitutes (i) a legal and valid security 
interest in all the Article 9 Collateral securing the payment and 
performance of the Secured Obligations, and (ii) subject to the filings 
described in Section 4.02(b) and filings required to be made under the Loan 
Documents after the Closing Date, as applicable, a perfected security 
interest in all Article 9 Collateral in which a security interest may be 
perfected by filing, recording or registering a Uniform Commercial Code 
financing statement or analogous document in the United States (or any 
political subdivision thereof) and its territories and possessions pursuant 
to the Uniform Commercial Code or other applicable law in such 
jurisdictions and (iii) subject to Section 4.02(b), a security interest 
that shall be perfected in all Article 9 Collateral in which a security 
interest may be perfected upon the receipt and recording of the IP Security 
Agreement with the United States Patent and Trademark Office and the United 
States Copyright Office, as applicable. The Security Interest is and shall 
be prior to any other Lien on any of the Article 9 Collateral other than 
Permitted Liens.

(d) The Article 9 Collateral is owned by the Pledgors free and clear of any 
Lien, other than Permitted Liens. None of the Pledgors has filed or 
consented to the filing of (i) any financing statement or analogous 
document under the Uniform Commercial Code or any other applicable laws 
covering any Article 9 Collateral, (ii) any assignment in which any Pledgor 
assigns any Article 9 Collateral or any security agreement or similar 
instrument covering any Article 9 Collateral with the United States Patent 
and Trademark Office or the United States Copyright Office or (iii) any 
assignment in which any Pledgor assigns any Article 9 Collateral or any 
security agreement or similar instrument covering any Article 9 Collateral 
with any foreign governmental, municipal or other office, which financing 
statement or analogous document, assignment, security agreement or similar 
instrument is still in effect, except, in each case, for Permitted Liens.

(e) None of the Pledgors holds any Commercial Tort Claim reasonably 
estimated to exceed $3,000,000 individually as of the Closing Date except 
as indicated on Schedule II to this Agreement.
 
18

------------------------------------------------------------------------
SECTION 4.03. Covenants.

(a) Each Pledgor agrees to furnish to the Agent prompt written notice of 
any change (i) in any Pledgor’s corporate or organization name, (ii) in any 
Pledgor’s identity or organizational structure, (ii) in any Pledgor’s 
organizational identification number, (iv) in any Pledgor’s jurisdiction of 
organization or (v) in the location of the chief executive office of any 
Pledgor that is not a registered organization; provided that such Pledgor 
agrees not to effect or permit any such change unless all filings have been 
made, or will have been made within any applicable statutory period 
following such change, under the Uniform Commercial Code or otherwise that 
are required in order for the Agent to continue at all times following such 
change to have a valid, legal and perfected security interest in all the 
Article 9 Collateral in which a security interest may be perfected by such 
filing, for the benefit of the Secured Parties. Each Pledgor agrees 
promptly to notify the Agent if any material portion of the Article 9 
Collateral is damaged or destroyed.

(b) Subject to the rights of such Pledgor under the Loan Documents and each 
Other First Lien Agreement then in effect to Dispose of Collateral, each 
Pledgor shall, at its own expense, use commercially reasonable efforts to 
defend title to the Article 9 Collateral against all persons and to defend 
the Security Interest of the Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties, 
in the Article 9 Collateral and the priority thereof against any Lien that 
is not a Permitted Lien.

(c) Each Pledgor agrees, at its own expense, to execute, acknowledge, 
deliver and cause to be duly filed all such further instruments and 
documents and take all such actions as the Agent may from time to time 
reasonably request to better assure, preserve, protect and perfect the 
Security Interest and the rights and remedies created hereby, including the 
payment of any fees and taxes required in connection with the execution and 
delivery of this Agreement and the granting of the Security Interest and 
the filing of any Uniform Commercial Code financing statements (including 
fixture filings with respect to any Mortgaged Properties) or other 
documents in connection herewith or therewith, all in accordance with the 
terms hereof and the terms of the Credit Agreement and each Other First 
Lien Agreement then in effect.

Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, each Pledgor hereby 
authorizes the Agent, with prompt notice thereof to the Pledgors, to 
supplement this Agreement by supplementing Schedule IV or adding additional 
schedules hereto to specifically identify any asset or item that may 
constitute Copyrights, Patents or Trademarks; provided that any Pledgor 
shall have the right, exercisable within 90 days after the Borrower has 
been notified by the Agent of the specific identification of such Article 9 
Collateral (or such later date as the Agent may agree), to advise the Agent 
in writing of any inaccuracy of the representations and warranties made by 
such Pledgor hereunder with respect to such Collateral. Each Pledgor agrees 
that it will use its commercially reasonable efforts to take such action as 
shall be necessary in order that all representations and warranties 
hereunder shall be true and correct with respect to such Article 9 
Collateral within 90 days after the date on which the Borrower has been 
notified by the Agent of the specific identification of such Article 9 
Collateral (or such later date as the Agent may agree).
 
19

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(d) After the occurrence of an Event of Default and during the continuance 
thereof, the Agent shall have the right to verify under reasonable 
procedures the validity, amount, quality, quantity, value, condition and 
status of, or any other matter relating to, the Article 9 Collateral, 
including, in the case of Accounts or Article 9 Collateral in the 
possession of any third person, by contacting Account Debtors or the third 
person possessing such Article 9 Collateral for the purpose of making such 
a verification. The Agent shall have the right to share any information it 
gains from such inspection or verification with any Secured Party, subject 
to Section 9.16 (Confidentiality) of the Credit Agreement and any 
equivalent provision of any Other First Lien Agreement.

(e) At its option, the Agent may discharge any past due taxes, assessments, 
charges, fees, Liens, security interests or other encumbrances at any time 
levied or placed on the Article 9 Collateral and that is not a Permitted 
Lien, and may pay for the maintenance and preservation of the Article 9 
Collateral to the extent any Pledgor fails to do so as required by the 
Credit Agreement, each Other First Lien Agreement or this Agreement, and 
each Pledgor jointly and severally agrees to reimburse the Agent on demand 
for any reasonable and documented payment made or any reasonable and 
documented out-of-pocket expense incurred by the Agent pursuant to the 
foregoing authorization; provided, however, that nothing in this Section 
4.03(e) shall be interpreted as excusing any Pledgor from the performance 
of, or imposing any obligation on the Agent or any Secured Party to cure or 
perform, any covenants or other promises of any Pledgor with respect to 
taxes, assessments, charges, fees, Liens, security interests or other 
encumbrances and maintenance as set forth herein or in the other Loan 
Documents or any Other First Lien Agreement.

(f) Each Pledgor (rather than the Agent or any Secured Party) shall remain 
liable for the observance and performance of all the conditions and 
obligations to be observed and performed by it under each contract, 
agreement or instrument relating to the Article 9 Collateral and each 
Pledgor jointly and severally agrees to indemnify and hold harmless the 
Agent and the other Secured Parties from and against any and all liability 
for such performance.

(g) None of the Pledgors shall make or permit to be made an assignment, 
pledge or hypothecation of the Article 9 Collateral or shall grant any 
other Lien in respect of the Article 9 Collateral, except as not prohibited 
by the Credit Agreement and any Other First Lien Agreement. None of the 
Pledgors shall make or permit to be made any transfer of the Article 9 
Collateral and each Pledgor shall remain at all times in possession of the 
Article 9 Collateral owned by it, except as not prohibited by the Credit 
Agreement and any Other First Lien Agreement. Notwithstanding the 
foregoing, if the Agent shall have notified the Pledgors in writing that an 
Event of Default under clause (b), (c), (h) or (i) of Section 7.01 of the 
Credit Agreement or the equivalent provisions of any Other First Lien 
Agreement shall have occurred and be continuing, and during the continuance 
thereof, the Pledgors shall not Dispose of any Article 9 Collateral to the 
extent requested by the Agent in writing, unless such Disposition is not 
otherwise prohibited by the Credit Agreement and each Other First Lien 
Agreement then in effect during an Event of Default under clause (b), (c), 
(h) or (i) of Section 7.01 of the Credit Agreement or the equivalent 
provisions of such Other First Lien Agreements.

(h) None of the Pledgors will, without the Agent’s prior written consent 
(which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld), grant any extension of 
the time of payment of any Accounts included in the Article 9 Collateral, 
compromise, compound or settle the same for less than the full amount 
thereof, release, wholly or partly, any person liable for the payment 
thereof or allow any credit or discount whatsoever thereon, other than 
extensions, credits, discounts, compromises or settlements granted or made 
in the ordinary course of business and consistent with prudent business 
practices, except as not prohibited by the Credit Agreement and any Other 
First Lien Agreement.
 
20

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(i) Each Pledgor irrevocably makes, constitutes and appoints the Agent (and 
all officers, employees or agents designated by the Agent) as such 
Pledgor’s true and lawful agent (and attorney-in-fact) for the purpose, 
during the continuance of an Event of Default, of making, settling and 
adjusting claims in respect of Article 9 Collateral under policies of 
insurance, endorsing the name of such Pledgor on any check, draft, 
instrument or other item of payment for the proceeds of such policies of 
insurance and for making all determinations and decisions with respect 
thereto. In the event that any Pledgor at any time or times shall fail to 
obtain or maintain any of the policies of insurance required by the Loan 
Documents or any Other First Lien Agreement, or to pay any premium in whole 
or part relating thereto, the Agent may, without waiving or releasing any 
obligation or liability of the Pledgors hereunder or any Event of Default, 
in its sole discretion, obtain and maintain such policies of insurance and 
pay such premium and take any other actions with respect thereto as the 
Agent reasonably deems advisable. All sums disbursed by the Agent in 
connection with this Section 4.03(i), including reasonable and documented 
attorneys’ fees, court costs, expenses and other charges relating thereto, 
shall be payable, upon demand, by the Pledgors to the Agent and shall be 
additional Secured Obligations secured hereby.

SECTION 4.04. Other Actions. In order to further ensure the attachment, 
perfection and priority of, and the ability of the Agent to enforce, for 
the benefit of the Secured Parties, the Agent’s security interest in the 
Article 9 Collateral, each Pledgor agrees, in each case at such Pledgor’s 
own expense, to take the following actions with respect to the following 
Article 9 Collateral:

(a) Instruments and Tangible Chattel Paper. If any Pledgor shall at any 
time own or acquire any Instruments (other than any Instruments 
constituting Pledged Debt, which are governed by Article II, and other than 
Excluded Securities or checks received and processed in the ordinary course 
of business) or Tangible Chattel Paper evidencing an amount in excess of 
$3,000,000, such Pledgor shall promptly (and in any event within 30 days of 
its acquisition or such longer period as the Agent may permit in its 
reasonable discretion) notify the Agent and promptly (and in any event 
within 5 days following such notice or such longer period as the Agent may 
permit in its reasonable discretion) endorse, assign and deliver the same 
to the Agent, accompanied by such instruments of transfer or assignment 
duly executed in blank as the Agent may from time to time reasonably 
request.

(b) Commercial Tort Claims. If any Pledgor shall at any time hold or 
acquire a Commercial Tort Claim in an amount reasonably estimated to exceed 
$3,000,000, such Pledgor shall promptly notify the Agent thereof in a 
writing signed by such Pledgor, including a summary description of such 
claim, and deliver to the Agent in writing a supplement to Schedule II 
including such description.
 
21

------------------------------------------------------------------------
SECTION 4.05. Covenants Regarding Patent, Trademark and Copyright 
Collateral. Except as not prohibited by the Loan Documents or, after the 
termination of the Credit Agreement, each Other First Lien Agreement:

(a) Each Pledgor agrees that it will not knowingly do any act or omit to do 
any act (and will exercise commercially reasonable efforts to prevent its 
licensees from doing any act or omitting to do any act) whereby any Patent 
material to the normal conduct of such Pledgor’s business may become 
prematurely invalidated or dedicated to the public, and agrees that it 
shall take commercially reasonable steps with respect to any material 
products covered by any such Patent as necessary and sufficient to 
establish and preserve its rights under applicable patent laws.

(b) Each Pledgor will, and will use its commercially reasonable efforts to 
cause its licensees or its sublicensees to, for each Trademark material to 
the normal conduct of such Pledgor’s business, (i) maintain such Trademark 
in full force free from any adjudication of abandonment or invalidity for 
non-use, (ii) maintain the quality of products and services offered under 
such Trademark, (iii) display such Trademark with notice of federal or 
foreign registration or claim of trademark or service mark as required 
under applicable law and (iv) not knowingly use or knowingly permit its 
licensees’ use of such Trademark in violation of any third-party rights.

(c) Each Pledgor will, and will use its commercially reasonable efforts to 
cause its licensees or its sublicensees to, for each work covered by a 
material Copyright necessary to the normal conduct of such Pledgor’s 
business that it publishes, displays and distributes, use copyright notice 
as required under applicable copyright laws.

(d) Each Pledgor shall notify the Agent promptly if it knows that any 
Patent, Trademark or Copyright material to the normal conduct of such 
Pledgor’s business may imminently become prematurely abandoned, lapsed or 
dedicated to the public, or of any materially adverse determination or 
development, excluding office actions and similar determinations or 
developments in the United States Patent and Trademark Office, United 
States Copyright Office or any court, regarding such Pledgor’s ownership of 
any such material Patent, Trademark or Copyright or its right to register 
or to maintain the same.

(e) Each Pledgor, either itself or through any agent, employee, licensee or 
designee, shall (i) inform the Agent on an annual basis at or about the 
time of delivery of financial statements for such year (commencing with the 
financial statements for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2014) of each 
application for, or registration or issuance of, any Patent or Trademark 
with the United States Patent and Trademark Office and each registration of 
any Copyright with the United States Copyright Office, in each case, filed 
by or on behalf of, or issued to or acquired by, any Pledgor during the 
preceding twelve-month period, and (ii) upon the reasonable request of the 
Agent, execute and deliver any and all agreements, instruments, documents 
and papers as the Agent may reasonably request to evidence the Agent’s 
security interest in such Patent, Trademark or Copyright; provided, that 
the provisions hereof shall automatically apply to any such Patent, 
Trademark or Copyright and any such Patent, Trademark or Copyright shall 
automatically constitute Collateral as if such would have constituted 
Collateral at the time of execution hereof and be subject to the Lien and 
Security Interest created by this Agreement without further action by any 
party.
 
22

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(f) Each Pledgor shall exercise its reasonable business judgment consistent 
with its practice in any proceeding before the United States Patent and 
Trademark Office or the United States Copyright Office with respect to 
maintaining and pursuing each material application relating to any Patent, 
Trademark and/or Copyright (and obtaining the relevant grant or 
registration) material to the normal conduct of such Pledgor’s business and 
to maintain (i) each issued Patent and (ii) the registrations of each 
Trademark and each Copyright, which in each case is material to the normal 
conduct of such Pledgor’s business, including, when applicable and 
necessary in such Pledgor’s reasonable business judgment, timely filings of 
applications for renewal, affidavits of use, affidavits of incontestability 
and payment of maintenance fees, and, if any Pledgor believes necessary in 
its reasonable business judgment, to initiate opposition, interference and 
cancellation proceedings against third parties.

(g) In the event that any Pledgor knows or has reason to know that any 
Article 9 Collateral consisting of a Patent, Trademark or Copyright 
material to the normal conduct of its business has been materially 
infringed, misappropriated or diluted by a third party, such Pledgor shall 
promptly notify the Agent and shall, if such Pledgor deems it necessary in 
its reasonable business judgment, promptly sue and recover any and all 
damages, and take such other actions as are reasonably appropriate under 
the circumstances.

(h) Upon and during the continuance of an Event of Default, at the request 
of the Agent, each Pledgor shall use commercially reasonable efforts to 
obtain all requisite consents or approvals from the licensor under each 
Copyright License, Patent License or Trademark License to effect the 
assignment of all such Pledgor’s right, title and interest thereunder to 
(in the Agent’s sole discretion) the designee of the Agent or the Agent.


ARTICLE V.

Remedies

SECTION 5.01. Remedies Upon Default. In accordance with, and to the extent 
consistent with, the terms of any applicable Intercreditor Agreement and 
applicable Requirements of Law (including Gaming Laws), the Agent may take 
any action specified in this Section 5.01. Upon the occurrence and during 
the continuance of an Event of Default, each Pledgor agrees to deliver each 
item of Collateral to the Agent on demand, and it is agreed that the Agent 
shall have the right to take any of or all the following actions at the 
same or different times: (a) with respect to any Article 9 Collateral 
consisting of Intellectual Property, on demand, to cause the Security 
Interest to become an assignment, transfer and conveyance of any of or all 
such Article 9 Collateral by the applicable Pledgors to the Agent or to 
license or sublicense (subject to any such licensee’s obligation to 
maintain the quality of goods and services provided under any Trademark 
consistent with the quality of such goods and services provided by the 
Pledgors immediately prior to such Event of Default), whether general, 
special or otherwise, and whether on an exclusive or a nonexclusive basis, 
any such Article 9 Collateral throughout the world on such terms and 
conditions and in such manner as the Agent shall determine (other than in 
violation of any then-existing licensing arrangements to the extent that 
waivers thereunder cannot be obtained) and (b) with or without legal 
process and with or without prior notice or demand for performance, to take 
possession of the Article 9 Collateral and without liability for trespass 
to the applicable Pledgor to enter any premises where the Article 9 
Collateral may be located for the purpose of taking possession of or 
removing the Article 9 Collateral and, generally, to exercise any and all 
rights afforded to a secured party under the applicable Uniform
 
23

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Commercial Code or other applicable law. Without limiting the generality of 
the foregoing, each Pledgor agrees that the Agent shall have the right, 
subject to the requirements of applicable law, to sell or otherwise dispose 
of all or any part of the Collateral at a public or private sale or at any 
broker’s board or on any securities exchange, for cash, upon credit or for 
future delivery as the Agent shall deem appropriate. The Agent shall be 
authorized in connection with any sale of a security (if it deems it 
advisable to do so) pursuant to the foregoing to restrict the prospective 
bidders or purchasers to persons who represent and agree that they are 
purchasing such security for their own account, for investment, and not 
with a view to the distribution or sale thereof. Upon consummation of any 
such Disposition of Collateral pursuant to this Section 5.01, the Agent 
shall have the right to assign, transfer and deliver to the purchaser or 
purchasers thereof the Collateral so sold. Each such purchaser at any such 
Disposition shall hold the property sold absolutely, free from any claim or 
right on the part of any Pledgor, and each Pledgor hereby waives and 
releases (to the extent permitted by law) all rights of redemption, stay, 
valuation and appraisal that such Pledgor now has or may at any time in the 
future have under any rule of law or statute now existing or hereafter 
enacted.

The Agent shall give the applicable Pledgors 10 days’ written notice (which 
each Pledgor agrees is reasonable notice within the meaning of Section 
9-611 of the New York UCC or its equivalent in other jurisdictions) of the 
Agent’s intention to make any Disposition of Collateral. Such notice, in 
the case of a public sale, shall state the time and place for such sale 
and, in the case of a sale at a broker’s board or on a securities exchange, 
shall state the board or exchange at which such sale is to be made and the 
day on which the Collateral, or portion thereof, will first be offered for 
sale at such board or exchange. Any such public sale shall be held at such 
time or times within ordinary business hours and at such place or places as 
the Agent may fix and state in the notice (if any) of such sale. At any 
such sale, the Collateral, or the portion thereof, to be sold may be sold 
in one lot as an entirety or in separate parcels, as the Agent may (in its 
sole and absolute discretion) determine. The Agent shall not be obligated 
to make any sale of any Collateral if it shall determine not to do so, 
regardless of the fact that notice of sale of such Collateral shall have 
been given. The Agent may, without notice or publication, adjourn any 
public or private sale or cause the same to be adjourned from time to time 
by announcement at the time and place fixed for sale, and such sale may, 
without further notice, be made at the time and place to which the same was 
so adjourned. In the case of any sale of all or any part of the Collateral 
made on credit or for future delivery, the Collateral so sold may be 
retained by the Agent until the sale price is paid by the purchaser or 
purchasers thereof, but the Agent shall not incur any liability in the 
event that any such purchaser or purchasers shall fail to take up and pay 
for the Collateral so sold and, in the case of any such failure, such 
Collateral may be sold again upon notice given in accordance with 
provisions above. At any public (or, to the extent permitted by law, 
private) sale made pursuant to this Section 5.01, any Secured Party may bid 
for or purchase for cash, free (to the extent permitted by law) from any 
right of redemption, stay, valuation or appraisal on the part of any 
Pledgor (all such rights being also hereby waived and released to the 
extent permitted by law), the Collateral or any part thereof offered for 
sale and such Secured Party may, upon compliance with the terms of sale, 
hold, retain and Dispose of such property in accordance with Section 5.02 
without further accountability to any Pledgor therefor. For purposes 
hereof, a written agreement to purchase the Collateral or any portion 
thereof shall be treated as a sale thereof; the Agent shall be free to 
carry out such sale pursuant to such agreement and no Pledgor shall be 
entitled to the return of the Collateral or any portion thereof subject
 
24

------------------------------------------------------------------------
thereto, notwithstanding the fact that after the Agent shall have entered 
into such an agreement all Events of Default shall have been remedied and 
the Secured Obligations paid in full. As an alternative to exercising the 
power of sale herein conferred upon it, the Agent may proceed by a suit or 
suits at law or in equity to foreclose under this Agreement and to sell the 
Collateral or any portion thereof pursuant to a judgment or decree of a 
court or courts having competent jurisdiction or pursuant to a proceeding 
by a court-appointed receiver. To the extent provided in this Section 5.01, 
any Disposition pursuant to the provisions of this Section 5.01 shall be 
deemed to conform to the commercially reasonable standards as provided in 
Section 9-610(b) of the New York UCC or its equivalent in other 
jurisdictions.

SECTION 5.02. Application of Proceeds. The Agent shall, subject to any 
applicable Intercreditor Agreement, promptly apply the proceeds, moneys or 
balances of any collection or sale of Collateral realized through the 
exercise by the Agent of its remedies hereunder, as well as any Collateral 
consisting of cash at any time when remedies are being exercised hereunder, 
as follows:

FIRST, to the payment of all out-of-pocket costs and expenses incurred by 
the Agent in connection with such collection or sale or otherwise in 
connection with this Agreement, any other Loan Document, any Other First 
Lien Agreement or any of the Secured Obligations, including all court costs 
and the fees and expenses of its agents and legal counsel, the repayment of 
all advances made by the Agent hereunder or under any other Loan Document 
or any Other First Lien Agreement on behalf of any Pledgor, any other costs 
or expenses incurred in connection with the exercise of any right or remedy 
hereunder or under any other Loan Document or any Other First Lien 
Agreement, and other fees, indemnities and other amounts owing or 
reimbursable to the Agent under any Loan Document or any Other First Lien 
Agreement in its capacity as such;

SECOND, to the payment in full of the Secured Obligations secured by such 
Collateral (the amounts so applied to be distributed among the Series of 
Secured Obligations pro rata based on the respective amounts of such 
Secured Obligations owed to the applicable Secured Parties in respect of 
each Series on the date of any such distribution (or in accordance with 
such other method of distribution as may be set forth in any applicable 
Intercreditor Agreement), with (x) the portion thereof distributed to the 
Credit Agreement Secured Parties to be further distributed in accordance 
with the order of priority set forth in Section 7.02 of the Credit 
Agreement and (y) the portion thereof distributed to the Secured Parties of 
any other Series to be further distributed in accordance with the 
applicable provisions of the Other First Lien Agreements governing such 
Series); and

THIRD, to the Pledgors, their successors or assigns, or as a court of 
competent jurisdiction may otherwise direct;

provided, that in no event shall the proceeds of any collection or sale of 
any Specified Excluded Collateral be applied to the relevant Series of 
Secured Obligations under any Other First Lien Agreement.
 
25

------------------------------------------------------------------------
The Agent shall have absolute discretion as to the time of application of 
any such proceeds, moneys or balances in accordance with this Agreement. 
Upon the request of the Agent prior to any distribution under this Section 
5.02, each Authorized Representative shall provide to the Agent 
certificates, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Agent, 
setting forth the respective amounts referred to in this Section 5.02 that 
each applicable Secured Party or its Authorized Representative believes it 
is entitled to receive, and the Agent shall be fully entitled to rely on 
such certificates. Upon any sale of Collateral by the Agent (including 
pursuant to a power of sale granted by statute or under a judicial 
proceeding), the receipt of the purchase money by the Agent or of the 
officer making the sale shall be a sufficient discharge to the purchaser or 
purchasers of the Collateral so sold and such purchaser or purchasers shall 
not be obligated to see to the application of any part of the purchase 
money paid over to the Agent or such officer or be answerable in any way 
for the misapplication thereof.

SECTION 5.03. Grant of License to Use Intellectual Property. For the 
purpose of enabling the Agent to exercise rights and remedies under this 
Agreement at such time as the Agent shall be lawfully entitled to exercise 
such rights and remedies, each Pledgor grants (such grant effective solely 
after the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default) to 
(in the Agent’s sole discretion) a designee of the Agent or the Agent, for 
the benefit of the Secured Parties, an irrevocable, non-exclusive license 
(exercisable without payment of royalty or other compensation to any 
Pledgor) to use, license or sublicense any of the Article 9 Collateral 
consisting of Intellectual Property now owned or hereafter acquired by such 
Pledgor, wherever the same may be located, and including in such license 
reasonable access to all media in which any of the licensed items may be 
recorded or stored and to all computer software and programs used for the 
compilation or printout thereof, the right to prosecute and maintain all 
Intellectual Property and the right to sue for past infringement of the 
Intellectual Property; provided, however, that nothing in this Section 5.03 
shall require Pledgors to grant any license that is prohibited by any rule 
of law, statute or regulation, or is prohibited by, or constitutes a breach 
or default under or results in the termination of, any contract, license, 
instrument or other agreement with an unaffiliated third party, to the 
extent not prohibited by the Loan Documents and each Other First Lien 
Agreement, with respect to such Intellectual Property Collateral; and, 
provided, further, that such licenses to be granted hereunder shall be 
subject to (i) the maintenance of quality standards with respect to the 
goods and services on which Trademarks are used sufficient to preserve the 
validity of such Trademarks and (ii) those exclusive Copyright Licenses, 
Patent Licenses and Trademark Licenses granted by the Pledgors in effect on 
the date hereof and those granted by any Pledgor hereafter, as permitted 
under the Loan Documents and any Other First Lien Agreement, to the extent 
conflicting. The use of such license by the Agent may be exercised solely 
upon the occurrence and during the continuation of an Event of Default and 
subject to any Intercreditor Agreement; provided that any license, 
sublicense or other transaction entered into by the Agent in accordance 
herewith shall be binding upon the Pledgors notwithstanding any subsequent 
cure of an Event of Default. Furthermore, each Pledgor hereby grants to the 
Agent an absolute power of attorney to sign, upon the occurrence and during 
the continuance of any Event of Default, any document which may be required 
by the United States Copyright Office or the United States Patent and 
Trademark Office or any state office in order to effect the potential 
license granted herein and record the same.
 
26

------------------------------------------------------------------------
SECTION 5.04. Securities Act, Etc. In view of the position of the Pledgors 
in relation to the Pledged Collateral, or because of other current or 
future circumstances, a question may arise under the Securities Act of 
1933, as now or hereafter in effect, or any similar federal statute 
hereafter enacted analogous in purpose or effect (such Act and any such 
similar statute as from time to time in effect being called the “Federal 
Securities Laws”) with respect to any Disposition of the Pledged Collateral 
permitted hereunder. Each Pledgor understands that compliance with the 
Federal Securities Laws might very strictly limit the course of conduct of 
the Agent if the Agent were to attempt to Dispose of all or any part of the 
Pledged Collateral, and might also limit the extent to which or the manner 
in which any subsequent transferee of any Pledged Collateral could Dispose 
of the same. Similarly, there may be other legal restrictions or 
limitations affecting the Agent in any attempt to Dispose of all or part of 
the Pledged Collateral under applicable Blue Sky or other state securities 
laws or similar laws analogous in purpose or effect. Each Pledgor 
acknowledges and agrees that in light of such restrictions and limitations, 
the Agent, subject to any applicable Intercreditor Agreement, in its sole 
and absolute discretion, (a) may proceed to make such a sale whether or not 
a registration statement for the purpose of registering such Pledged 
Collateral or part thereof shall have been filed under the Federal 
Securities Laws or, to the extent applicable, Blue Sky or other state 
securities laws and (b) may approach and negotiate with a single potential 
purchaser to effect such sale. Each Pledgor acknowledges and agrees that 
any such sale might result in prices and other terms less favorable to the 
seller than if such sale were a public sale without such restrictions. In 
the event of any such sale, the Agent shall incur no responsibility or 
liability for selling all or any part of the Pledged Collateral at a price 
that the Agent, subject to any applicable Intercreditor Agreement, in its 
sole and absolute discretion, may in good faith deem reasonable under the 
circumstances, notwithstanding the possibility that a substantially higher 
price might have been realized if the sale were deferred until after 
registration as aforesaid or if more than a single purchaser were 
approached. The provisions of this Section 5.04 will apply notwithstanding 
the existence of a public or private market upon which the quotations or 
sales prices may exceed substantially the price at which the Agent sells.


ARTICLE VI.

Miscellaneous

SECTION 6.01. Notices. All communications and notices hereunder shall 
(except as otherwise expressly permitted herein) be in writing and given as 
provided in Section 9.01 of the Credit Agreement (whether or not then in 
effect), and all notices to any holder of obligations under any Other First 
Lien Agreements shall be given at its address set forth in the Other First 
Lien Secured Party Consent or in the First Lien Intercreditor Agreement 
(upon and during the effectiveness thereof), in each case of the foregoing, 
as such address may be changed by written notice to the Agent and the 
Borrower. All communications and notices hereunder to any Pledgor shall be 
given to it in care of the Borrower, with such notice to be given as 
provided in Section 9.01 of the Credit Agreement (whether or not then in 
effect).

SECTION 6.02. Security Interest Absolute. To the extent not prohibited by 
applicable law, all rights of the Agent hereunder, the Security Interest, 
the security interest in the Pledged Collateral and all obligations of each 
Pledgor hereunder shall be absolute and unconditional irrespective of (a) 
any lack of validity or enforceability of any Loan Document, any other 
agreement with respect to any of the Secured Obligations or any other 
agreement or instrument relating to any of the foregoing, (b) any change in 
the time, manner or place of payment of, or in any other term of, all or 
any of the Secured Obligations, or any other amendment or waiver of or
 
27

------------------------------------------------------------------------
any consent to any departure from any Loan Document or any other agreement 
or instrument, (c) any exchange, release or non-perfection of any Lien on 
other collateral, or any release or amendment or waiver of or consent under 
or departure from any guarantee, securing or guaranteeing all or any of the 
Secured Obligations or (d) any other circumstance that might otherwise 
constitute a defense available to, or a discharge of, any Pledgor in 
respect of the Secured Obligations or this Agreement (other than a defense 
of payment or performance).

SECTION 6.03. Limitation By Law. All rights, remedies and powers provided 
in this Agreement may be exercised only to the extent that the exercise 
thereof does not violate any applicable provision of law or regulation 
(including any Gaming Law), and all the provisions of this Agreement are 
intended to be subject to all applicable mandatory provisions of law or 
regulation (including any Gaming Law) that may be controlling and to be 
limited to the extent necessary so that they shall not render this 
Agreement invalid, unenforceable, in whole or in part, or not entitled to 
be recorded, registered or filed under the provisions of any applicable law 
or regulation (including any Gaming Law).

SECTION 6.04. Binding Effect; Several Agreement. This Agreement shall 
become effective as to any party to this Agreement when a counterpart 
hereof executed on behalf of such party shall have been delivered to the 
Agent and a counterpart hereof shall have been executed on behalf of the 
Agent, and thereafter shall be binding upon such party and the Agent and 
their respective permitted successors and assigns, and shall inure to the 
benefit of such party, the Agent and the other Secured Parties and their 
respective permitted successors and assigns, except that no party shall 
have the right to assign or transfer its rights or obligations hereunder or 
any interest herein or in the Collateral (and any such assignment or 
transfer shall be void) except as not prohibited by this Agreement or the 
Credit Agreement or, after the termination of the Credit Agreement, any 
Other First Lien Agreement. This Agreement shall be construed as a separate 
agreement with respect to each party and may be amended, modified, 
supplemented, waived or released in accordance with Section 6.09 or 6.15, 
as applicable.

SECTION 6.05. Successors and Assigns. Whenever in this Agreement any of the 
parties hereto is referred to, such reference shall be deemed to include 
the permitted successors and assigns of such party; and all covenants, 
promises and agreements by or on behalf of any Pledgor or the Agent that 
are contained in this Agreement shall bind and inure to the benefit of 
their respective permitted successors and assigns.

SECTION 6.06. Agent’s Fees and Expenses.

(a) The parties hereto agree that the Agent shall be entitled to 
reimbursement of its expenses incurred hereunder by the Pledgors, and the 
Agent and other Indemnitees shall be indemnified by the Pledgors, in each 
case of this clause (a), mutatis mutandis, as provided in Section 9.05 of 
the Credit Agreement and the equivalent provision of any Other First Lien 
Agreement.

(b) Any such amounts payable as provided hereunder shall be additional 
Secured Obligations secured hereby and by the other Security Documents. The 
provisions of this Section 6.06 shall remain operative and in full force 
and effect regardless of the termination of this Agreement, any other Loan 
Document or any Other First Lien Agreement, the
 
28

------------------------------------------------------------------------
consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby, the repayment of any 
of the Secured Obligations, the invalidity or unenforceability of any term 
or provision of this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any Other First 
Lien Agreement, or any investigation made by or on behalf of the Agent or 
any other Secured Party. All amounts due under this Section 6.06 shall be 
payable within fifteen days (or such longer period as the Agent may agree) 
of written demand therefor, accompanied by reasonable documentation with 
respect to any reimbursement, indemnification or other amount requested.

(c) The agreements in this Section 6.06 shall survive the resignation of 
the Agent and the termination of this Agreement.

SECTION 6.07. Agent Appointed Attorney-in-Fact. Each Pledgor hereby 
appoints the Agent the attorney-in-fact of such Pledgor for the purpose of 
carrying out the provisions of this Agreement and, upon the occurrence and 
during the continuance of an Event of Default, taking any action and 
executing any instrument that the Agent may deem necessary or advisable to 
accomplish the purposes hereof, which appointment is irrevocable and 
coupled with an interest. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, 
subject to any applicable Requirements of Law (including Gaming Laws) and 
any applicable Intercreditor Agreement, the Agent shall have the right, 
upon the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, with 
full power of substitution either in the Agent’s name or in the name of 
such Pledgor, (a) to receive, endorse, assign or deliver any and all notes, 
acceptances, checks, drafts, money orders or other evidences of payment 
relating to the Collateral or any part thereof; (b) to demand, collect, 
receive payment of, give receipt for and give discharges and releases of 
all or any of the Collateral; (c) to ask for, demand, sue for, collect, 
receive and give acquittance for any and all moneys due or to become due 
under and by virtue of any Collateral; (d) to sign the name of any Pledgor 
on any invoice or bill of lading relating to any of the Collateral; (e) to 
send verifications of Accounts to any Account Debtor; (f) to commence and 
prosecute any and all suits, actions or proceedings at law or in equity in 
any court of competent jurisdiction to collect or otherwise realize on all 
or any of the Collateral or to enforce any rights in respect of any 
Collateral; (g) to settle, compromise, compound, adjust or defend any 
actions, suits or proceedings relating to all or any of the Collateral; (h) 
to notify, or to require any Pledgor to notify, Account Debtors to make 
payment directly to the Agent; and (i) to use, sell, assign, transfer, 
pledge, make any agreement with respect to or otherwise deal with all or 
any of the Collateral, and to do all other acts and things necessary to 
carry out the purposes of this Agreement, as fully and completely as though 
the Agent were the absolute owner of the Collateral for all purposes; 
provided that nothing herein contained shall be construed as requiring or 
obligating the Agent to make any commitment or to make any inquiry as to 
the nature or sufficiency of any payment received by the Agent, or to 
present or file any claim or notice, or to take any action with respect to 
the Collateral or any part thereof or the moneys due or to become due in 
respect thereof or any property covered thereby. The Agent and the other 
Secured Parties shall be accountable only for amounts actually received as 
a result of the exercise of the powers granted to them herein, and neither 
they nor their officers, directors, employees or agents shall be 
responsible to any Pledgor for any act or failure to act hereunder, except 
for their own gross negligence or willful misconduct.
 
29

------------------------------------------------------------------------
SECTION 6.08. GOVERNING LAW. THIS AGREEMENT AND THE RIGHTS AND OBLIGATIONS 
OF THE PARTIES UNDER THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH 
AND GOVERNED BY THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK.

SECTION 6.09. Waivers; Amendment; Extension of Time.

(a) No failure or delay by the Agent , any Issuing Bank, any Lender or any 
other Secured Party in exercising any right, power or remedy hereunder or 
under any other Loan Document or any Other First Lien Agreement shall 
operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise of 
any such right, power or remedy, or any abandonment or discontinuance of 
steps to enforce such a right, power or remedy, preclude any other or 
further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right, power or 
remedy. The rights, powers and remedies of the Agent , any Issuing Bank, 
the Lenders or any other Secured Party hereunder and under the other Loan 
Documents and any Other First Lien Agreement are cumulative and are not 
exclusive of any rights, powers or remedies that they would otherwise have. 
No waiver of any provision of this Agreement or consent to any departure by 
any Pledgor therefrom shall in any event be effective unless the same shall 
be permitted by paragraph (b) of this Section 6.09, and then such waiver or 
consent shall be effective only in the specific instance and for the 
purpose for which given. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, 
the making of a Loan, the increase of any Other First Lien Obligations or 
the issuance of a Letter of Credit shall not be construed as a waiver of 
any Default or Event of Default, regardless of whether the Agent, any 
Lender, any Issuing Bank or any other Secured Party may have had notice or 
knowledge of such Default or Event of Default at the time. No notice or 
demand on any Pledgor in any case shall entitle any Pledgor to any other or 
further notice or demand in similar or other circumstances.

(b) Neither this Agreement nor any provision hereof may be waived, amended 
or modified except pursuant to an agreement or agreements in writing 
entered into by the Agent and the Pledgor or Pledgors with respect to which 
such waiver, amendment or modification is to apply, subject to any consent 
required in accordance with Section 9.08 of the Credit Agreement and any 
equivalent provision in each applicable Other First Lien Agreement and, by 
each other Authorized Representative to the extent required by (and in 
accordance with) such applicable Other First Lien Agreement, or, in each 
case, as otherwise provided in any applicable Intercreditor Agreement. The 
Agent may conclusively rely on a certificate of an officer of the Borrower 
as to whether any amendment contemplated by this Section 6.09(b) is 
permitted.

(c) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, the Agent 
may grant extensions of time or waivers of the requirement for the creation 
or perfection of security interests in or the obtaining of insurance 
(including title insurance) or surveys with respect to particular assets 
(including extensions beyond the Closing Date for the perfection of 
security interests in the assets of the Pledgors on such date) where it 
reasonably determines, in consultation with the Borrower, that perfection 
or obtaining of such items cannot be accomplished without undue effort or 
expense by the time or times at which it would otherwise be required by 
this Agreement, any other Loan Documents or any Other First Lien Agreement.

SECTION 6.10. WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL. EACH PARTY HERETO HEREBY WAIVES, TO THE 
FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO A 
TRIAL BY JURY IN RESPECT OF ANY LITIGATION DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY ARISING 
OUT OF, UNDER OR IN CONNECTION WITH
 
30

------------------------------------------------------------------------
THIS AGREEMENT, ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS OR ANY OTHER FIRST LIEN AGREEMENT. 
EACH PARTY HERETO (A) CERTIFIES THAT NO REPRESENTATIVE, AGENT OR ATTORNEY 
OF ANY OTHER PARTY HAS REPRESENTED, EXPRESSLY OR OTHERWISE, THAT SUCH OTHER 
PARTY WOULD NOT, IN THE EVENT OF LITIGATION, SEEK TO ENFORCE THE FOREGOING 
WAIVER AND (B) ACKNOWLEDGES THAT IT AND THE OTHER PARTIES HERETO HAVE BEEN 
INDUCED TO ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT BY, AMONG OTHER THINGS, THE MUTUAL 
WAIVERS AND CERTIFICATIONS IN THIS SECTION 6.10.

SECTION 6.11. Severability. In the event any one or more of the provisions 
contained in this Agreement should be held invalid, illegal or 
unenforceable in any respect, the validity, legality and enforceability of 
the remaining provisions contained herein shall not in any way be affected 
or impaired thereby. The parties shall endeavor in good-faith negotiations 
to replace the invalid, illegal or unenforceable provisions with valid 
provisions the economic effect of which comes as close as possible to that 
of the invalid, illegal or unenforceable provisions.

SECTION 6.12. Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in two or more 
counterparts, each of which shall constitute an original but all of which 
when taken together shall constitute but one contract, and shall become 
effective as provided in Section 6.04. Delivery of an executed counterpart 
to this Agreement by facsimile or other electronic transmission shall be as 
effective as delivery of a manually signed original.

SECTION 6.13. Headings. Article and Section headings and the Table of 
Contents used herein are for convenience of reference only, are not part of 
this Agreement and are not to affect the construction of, or to be taken 
into consideration in interpreting, this Agreement.

SECTION 6.14. Jurisdiction; Consent to Service of Process.

(a) Subject to the final sentence of this clause (a), each of the parties 
hereto hereby irrevocably and unconditionally submits, for itself and its 
property, to the exclusive jurisdiction of any New York State court or 
federal court of the United States of America sitting in New York County, 
and of the United States District Court of the Southern District of New 
York, and any appellate court from any thereof, in any action or proceeding 
arising out of or relating to this Agreement, any other Loan Document, any 
Other First Lien Agreement or the transactions relating hereto or thereto, 
or for recognition or enforcement of any judgment, and each of the parties 
hereto hereby irrevocably and unconditionally submits to the jurisdiction 
of such courts and agrees that all claims in respect of any such action, 
litigation or proceeding may be heard and determined in such New York State 
court or, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, in such 
federal court. Each of the parties hereto agrees that a final judgment in 
any such action, litigation or proceeding shall be conclusive and may be 
enforced in other jurisdictions by suit on the judgment or in any other 
manner provided by law. Nothing in this Agreement, any other Loan Document 
or any Other First Lien Agreement shall affect any right that the Agent or 
any other Secured Party may otherwise have to bring any action or 
proceeding relating to this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any Other 
First Lien Agreement against any Pledgor or or its properties in the courts 
of any jurisdiction.
 
31

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(b) Each party to this Agreement hereby irrevocably and unconditionally 
waives, to the fullest extent it may legally and effectively do so, any 
objection which it may now or hereafter have to the laying of venue of any 
suit, action or proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement, 
any other Loan Document or any Other First Lien Agreement in any New York 
State or federal court of the United States of America sitting in New York 
County, and any appellate court from any thereof. Each of the parties 
hereto hereby irrevocably waives, to the fullest extent permitted by law, 
the defense of an inconvenient forum to the maintenance of such action or 
proceeding in any such court.

(c) Each party to this Agreement irrevocably consents to service of process 
in the manner provided for notices in Section 6.01. Nothing in this 
Agreement, any other Loan Document or any Other First Lien Agreement will 
affect the right of any party to this Agreement to serve process in any 
other manner permitted by law.

SECTION 6.15. Termination or Release.

(a) This Agreement and the pledges made by the Pledgors herein and all 
other security interests granted by the Pledgors hereby shall automatically 
terminate and be released upon the occurrence of the Termination Date or, 
if any Other First Lien Obligations are outstanding on the Termination 
Date, the date after the Termination Date when all such Other First Lien 
Obligations (other than contingent or unliquidated obligations or 
liabilities not then due and any other obligations that, by the terms of 
any Other First Lien Agreements, are not required to be paid in full prior 
to termination and release of the Collateral) have been paid in full and 
the Secured Parties have no further commitment to extend credit under any 
Other First Lien Agreement.

(b) A Subsidiary Party shall automatically be released from its obligations 
hereunder and the security interests in the Collateral of such Subsidiary 
Party shall be automatically released upon the consummation of any 
transaction not prohibited by the Credit Agreement and each Other First 
Lien Agreement then in effect as a result of which such Subsidiary Party 
ceases to be a Subsidiary of the Borrower or otherwise becomes an Excluded 
Subsidiary or ceases to be a Guarantor or is otherwise released from its 
obligations under the Subsidiary Guarantee Agreement, all without delivery 
of any instrument or performance of any act by any party, and all rights to 
the applicable portions of the Collateral shall revert to such Subsidiary 
Party.

(c) The security interest in such Collateral shall be automatically 
released, all without delivery of any instrument or performance of any act 
by any party, (i) upon any sale or other transfer by any Pledgor of any 
Collateral that is not prohibited by the Credit Agreement and each Other 
First Lien Agreement to any person that is not a Pledgor, (ii) upon the 
effectiveness of any written consent to the release of the security 
interest granted hereby in any Collateral pursuant to Section 9.08 of the 
Credit Agreement and any equivalent provision of each applicable Other 
First Lien Agreement (in each case, to the extent required thereby), or 
(iii) as otherwise may be provided in any applicable Intercreditor 
Agreements.

(d) Solely with respect to the Credit Agreement Secured Obligations, a 
Pledgor shall automatically be released from its obligations hereunder 
and/or the security interests in any Collateral securing Credit Agreement 
Secured Obligations shall in each case be automatically released upon the 
occurrence of any of the circumstances set forth in Section 9.18 of the 
Credit Agreement without delivery of any instrument or performance of any 
act by any party, and all rights to the Collateral shall revert to any 
applicable Pledgor.
 
32

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(e) Solely with respect to any Series of Other First Lien Obligations, a 
Pledgor shall automatically be released from its obligations hereunder 
and/or the security interests in any Collateral securing such Series of 
Other First Lien Obligations shall in each case be automatically released 
upon the occurrence of any of the circumstances set forth in any provision 
governing release of collateral in the applicable Other First Lien 
Agreement governing such Series of Other First Lien Obligations, all 
without delivery of any instrument or performance of any act by any party, 
and all rights to the Collateral shall revert to any applicable Pledgor.

(f) If any Collateral shall become subject to the automatic release 
provisions set forth in the First Lien Intercreditor Agreement (upon and 
during the effectiveness thereof), the lien created hereunder on such 
Collateral shall be automatically released to the extent (and only to the 
extent) provided therein.

(g) In connection with any termination or release pursuant to this Section 
6.15, the Agent shall execute and deliver to any Pledgor, at such Pledgor’s 
expense, all documents (forms of which shall be reasonably acceptable to 
the Agent), that such Pledgor shall reasonably request to evidence such 
termination or release (including Uniform Commercial Code termination 
statements), and will duly assign and transfer to such Pledgor, such of the 
Pledged Collateral that may be in the possession of the Agent and has not 
theretofore been sold or otherwise applied or released pursuant to this 
Agreement. Any execution and delivery of documents pursuant to this Section 
6.15 shall be without recourse to or warranty by the Agent. In connection 
with any release pursuant to this Section 6.15, the Pledgors shall be 
permitted to take any action in connection therewith consistent with such 
release including, without limitation, the filing of Uniform Commercial 
Code termination statements. Upon the receipt of any necessary or proper 
instruments of termination, satisfaction or release prepared by the 
Borrower pursuant to this Section 6.15, the Agent shall execute, deliver or 
acknowledge such instruments or releases (forms of which shall be 
reasonably acceptable to the Agent), to evidence the release of any 
Collateral permitted to be released pursuant to this Agreement. The 
Pledgors agree to pay all reasonable and documented out-of-pocket expenses 
incurred by the Agent (and its representatives and counsel) in connection 
with the execution and delivery of such release documents or instruments.

SECTION 6.16. Additional Subsidiaries. Upon execution and delivery by any 
Subsidiary that is required or permitted to become a party hereto by 
Section 5.10 or the Collateral and Guarantee Requirement of the Credit 
Agreement or by any Other First Lien Agreement of an instrument 
substantially in the form of Exhibit I hereto (or another instrument 
reasonably satisfactory to the Agent and the Borrower), subject to 
applicable Requirements of Law (including Gaming Laws), such Subsidiary 
shall become a Subsidiary Party hereunder with the same force and effect as 
if originally named as a Subsidiary Party herein. The execution and 
delivery of any such instrument shall not require the consent of any other 
party to this Agreement. The rights and obligations of each party to this 
Agreement shall remain in full force and effect notwithstanding the 
addition of any new party to this Agreement.
 
33

------------------------------------------------------------------------
SECTION 6.17. Compliance with Gaming Laws. Notwithstanding anything to the 
contrary set forth in this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any Other 
First Lien Agreement, the Agent, on behalf of the Secured Parties, 
acknowledges and agrees that:

(a) the pledge of the Pledged Stock of any Pledgor that is a licensee or 
registered holding company under the Gaming Laws applicable in the State of 
Nevada (“Nevada Gaming Laws”) (any such entity, a “Nevada Licensee”), 
pursuant to this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any Other First Lien 
Agreement, will not be effective without the prior approval of the Gaming 
Authorities having jurisdiction in Nevada (the “Nevada Gaming Authorities
”), and no certificates evidencing any such Pledged Stock may be delivered 
to the Agent until such approval has been obtained. Furthermore, no 
amendment of this Agreement shall be effective until any approvals required 
from the Nevada Gaming Authorities under the Nevada Gaming Laws have been 
obtained;

(b) in the event that Agent exercises one or more of the remedies set forth 
in this Agreement with respect to the Pledged Stock of any Nevada Licensee, 
including, without limitation, the foreclosure, transfer, sale, 
distribution or other disposition of any interest therein (except back to 
the applicable Pledgor), the exercise of voting and consensual rights, and 
any other resort to or enforcement of the security interest in such Pledged 
Stock, such action will require the separate and prior approval of the 
Nevada Gaming Authorities or the licensing or finding of suitability of the 
Agent or any transferee thereof unless such licensing or suitability 
requirement is waived thereby;

(c) the Agent, and any custodial agent of Agent in the State of Nevada, 
will be required to comply with the conditions, if any, imposed by the 
Nevada Gaming Authorities in connection with their approval of the pledge 
granted hereunder, including, without limitation, requirements that the 
Agent or its custodial agent maintain the certificates evidencing the 
Pledged Stock of Nevada Licensees at a location in Nevada (notice of which 
the Agent or its custodial agent shall provide to the Nevada Gaming 
Authorities), and that the Agent or its custodial agent permit agents or 
employees of the Nevada Gaming Authorities to inspect such certificates 
upon request;

(d) neither the Agent nor any custodial agent of the Agent will be 
permitted to surrender possession of any Pledged Stock of Nevada Licensees 
to any person other than the applicable Pledgor thereof without the prior 
approval of the Nevada Gaming Authorities or as otherwise permitted by the 
Gaming Laws;

(e) any approval of the Nevada Gaming Authorities of this Agreement, or any 
amendment hereto, does not constitute approval, either express or implied, 
of the Agent to take any actions provided for in this Agreement, for which 
separate approval by the Nevada Gaming Authorities may be required by the 
Gaming Laws;

(f) the Agent, the Secured Parties and their respective successors and 
assigns are subject to being called forward by the Nevada Gaming 
Authorities in their sole and absolute discretion, for licensing or a 
finding of suitability in order to remain entitled to the benefits of this 
Agreement, any other Loan Documents and any Other First Lien Agreement; and
 
34

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(g) in the event the Agent, on behalf of the Secured Parties, exercises one 
or more of the remedies set forth in this Agreement with respect to Article 
9 Collateral consisting of gaming devices, mobile gaming systems, 
interactive gaming systems, cashless wagering systems and associated 
equipment (as those terms are defined in the Gaming Laws), including, but 
not limited to, the foreclosure, transfer, sale, distribution or other 
disposition of such Collateral, such exercise of remedies may require the 
separate and prior approval of the Nevada Gaming Authorities or the 
licensing of the Agent or any transferee thereof pursuant to the Gaming 
Laws.

SECTION 6.18. Subject to Any Applicable Intercreditor Agreement. 
Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, (i) the Liens and security 
interests granted to the Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties 
pursuant to this Agreement are expressly subject to any applicable 
Intercreditor Agreement to the extent provided therein and (ii) the 
exercise of any right or remedy by the Agent hereunder or the application 
of proceeds (including insurance and condemnation proceeds) of any 
Collateral are subject to any applicable Intercreditor Agreement to the 
extent provided therein. In the event of any conflict between the terms of 
such applicable Intercreditor Agreement and the terms of this Agreement, 
the terms of such applicable Intercreditor Agreement shall govern.

SECTION 6.19. Other First Lien Obligations. On or after the date hereof and 
so long as such obligations are not prohibited to be incurred under the 
Credit Agreement and any Other First Lien Agreement then in effect, the 
Borrower may from time to time designate obligations in respect of 
Indebtedness to be secured (except with respect to any applicable Specified 
Excluded Collateral) on a pari passu basis with the then outstanding 
Secured Obligations as Other First Lien Obligations hereunder by delivering 
to the Agent and each Authorized Representative (a) a certificate signed by 
a Responsible Officer of the Borrower, (i) identifying the obligations so 
designated and the initial aggregate principal amount or face amount 
thereof, (ii) stating that such obligations are designated as Other First 
Lien Obligations for purposes hereof, (iii) representing that such 
designation of such obligations as Other First Lien Obligations are not 
prohibited by the terms of the Credit Agreement and any Other First Lien 
Agreement then in effect and (iv) specifying the name and address of the 
Authorized Representative for such obligations, (b) a fully executed Other 
First Lien Secured Party Consent and (c) if not already in effect, execute 
and deliver the First Lien Intercreditor Agreement (or a joinder thereto in 
the form (and to the extent, if any) required thereby to the extent such 
First Lien Intercreditor Agreement is then in effect). The Agent and each 
Authorized Representative agree that upon the satisfaction of all 
conditions set forth in the preceding sentence, (x) the Agent shall act as 
agent under and subject to the terms of the Security Documents for the 
benefit of all Secured Parties, including without limitation, any Secured 
Parties that hold any such Other First Lien Obligations, and (y) the Agent 
and each Authorized Representative agree to the appointment, and acceptance 
of the appointment, of the Agent as agent for the holders of such Other 
First Lien Obligations as set forth in each Other First Lien Secured Party 
Consent and agree, on behalf of itself and each Secured Party it 
represents, to be bound by this Agreement and the First Lien Intercreditor 
Agreement. The rights and obligations of each party to this Agreement shall 
remain in full force and effect notwithstanding the addition of any new 
Secured Obligations to this Agreement.
 
35

------------------------------------------------------------------------
SECTION 6.20. Person Serving as Agent

On the Closing Date, the Agent hereunder is the same person that is the 
Administrative Agent under (and as defined in) the Credit Agreement. 
Written notice of resignation by the Administrative Agent under (and as 
defined in) the Credit Agreement pursuant to the Credit Agreement shall 
also constitute notice of resignation as the Agent under this Agreement. 
Upon the acceptance of any appointment as the Administrative Agent under 
(and as defined in) the Credit Agreement by a successor, that successor 
shall thereupon succeed to and become vested with all the rights, powers, 
privileges and duties of the retiring Agent pursuant hereto. Immediately 
upon the occurrence of the Discharge (as such term or equivalent term is 
defined in the First Lien Intercreditor Agreement) of Credit Agreement Loan 
Obligations, if any other Series of Secured Obligations is then 
outstanding, the Authorized Representative of such Series (or, if more than 
one such Series is outstanding, the applicable Authorized Representative 
determined pursuant to the terms of (and as defined in) the applicable 
Intercreditor Agreement) shall be deemed the Agent for all purposes under 
this Agreement. The Agent immediately prior to any change in Agent pursuant 
to this Section 6.20 (the “Prior Agent”) shall be deemed to have assigned 
all of its rights, powers and duties hereunder to the successor Agent 
determined in accordance with this Section 6.20 (the “Successor Agent”) and 
the Successor Agent shall be deemed to have accepted, assumed and succeeded 
to such rights, powers and duties. The Prior Agent shall cooperate with the 
Pledgors and such Successor Agent to ensure that all actions are taken that 
are necessary or reasonably requested by the Successor Agent to vest in 
such Successor Agent the rights granted to the Prior Agent hereunder with 
respect to the Collateral, including (a) the filing of amended financing 
statements in the appropriate filing offices, (b) to the extent that the 
Prior Agent holds, or a third party holds on its behalf, physical 
possession of or “control” (as defined in the New York UCC or the Uniform 
Commercial Code of any other applicable jurisdiction) over Collateral 
pursuant to this Agreement or any other Security Document, the delivery to 
the Successor Agent of the Collateral in its possession or control together 
with any necessary endorsements to the extent required by this Agreement, 
and (c) the execution and delivery of any further documents, financing 
statements or agreements and the taking of all such further action that may 
be required under any applicable law, or that the Successor Agent may 
reasonably request, all without recourse to, or representation or warranty 
by, the Agent, and at the sole cost and expense of the Pledgors. In 
addition, the Agent hereunder shall at all times be the same person that is 
the “Collateral Agent” under the First Lien Intercreditor Agreement. 
Written notice of resignation by the “Collateral Agent” pursuant to the 
First Lien Intercreditor Agreement shall also constitute notice of 
resignation as the Agent under this Agreement. Upon the acceptance of any 
appointment as the “Collateral Agent” under the First Lien Intercreditor 
Agreement by a successor “Collateral Agent,” that successor “Collateral 
Agent” shall thereupon succeed to and become vested with all the rights, 
powers, privileges and duties of the retiring Agent pursuant hereto.

SECTION 6.21. General Authority of the Agent

(a) By acceptance of the benefits of this Agreement and any other Security 
Documents, each Secured Party (whether or not a signatory hereto) shall be 
deemed irrevocably (i) to consent to the appointment of the Agent as its 
agent hereunder and under such other Security Documents, (ii) to confirm 
that the Agent shall have the authority to act as the exclusive agent of 
such Secured Party for the enforcement of any provision of this Agreement 
and such other Security Documents against any Pledgor, the exercise of 
remedies hereunder or thereunder and the
 
36

------------------------------------------------------------------------
giving or withholding of any consent or approval hereunder thereunder 
relating to any Collateral or any Pledgor’s obligations with respect 
thereto, (iii) to agree that it shall not take any action to enforce any 
provisions of this Agreement or any other Security Document against any 
Pledgor, to exercise any remedy hereunder or thereunder or to give any 
consents or approvals hereunder or thereunder except as expressly provided 
in this Agreement or any other Security Document and (iv) to agree to be 
bound by the terms of this Agreement, any other Security Documents and any 
Intercreditor Agreement then in effect.

(b) Each Pledgor acknowledges that the rights and responsibilities of the 
Agent under this Agreement with respect to any action taken by the Agent or 
the exercise or non-exercise by the Agent of any option, voting right, 
request, judgment or other right or remedy provided for herein or resulting 
or arising out of this Agreement shall, as between the Agent and the 
Secured Parties, be governed by the Credit Agreement, any Other First Lien 
Agreement and such other agreements with respect thereto as may exist from 
time to time among them, but, as between the Agent and the Pledgors, the 
Agent shall be conclusively presumed to be acting as agent for the 
applicable Secured Parties with full and valid authority so to act or 
refrain from acting, and no Pledgor shall be under any obligation, or 
entitlement, to make any inquiry respecting such authority.

SECTION 6.22. Application of Gaming Laws. Notwithstanding anything herein 
to the contrary, this Agreement and any Other First Lien Agreement are 
subject to the applicable Gaming Laws. Without limiting the foregoing, the 
Secured Parties acknowledge that (i) they are subject to the jurisdiction 
of the Gaming Authorities, in their discretion, for licensing, 
qualification or findings of suitability or to file or provide other 
information, and (ii) all rights, remedies and powers in or under this 
Agreement and the Other First Lien Agreements, including with respect to 
the Collateral (including the pledge and delivery of the Pledged 
Collateral), the Mortgaged Properties and the transportation, ownership and 
operation of gaming machines and/or facilities may be subject to the 
jurisdiction of the Gaming Authorities, and may be exercised only to the 
extent that the exercise thereof does not violate any applicable provisions 
of the Gaming Laws and only to the extent that required approvals 
(including prior approvals), if any, are obtained from the relevant Gaming 
Authorities.

[Signature Pages Follow]
 
37

------------------------------------------------------------------------
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have duly executed this Agreement as 
of the day and year first above written.
 
AP GAMING I, LLC, as Borrower
By: 	  	/s/ Robert Miodunski
  	Name: Robert Miodunski
  	Title: Authorized Signatory
 
[Signature Page to Collateral Agreement]

------------------------------------------------------------------------
AP GAMING II, INC.,
AP GAMING ACQUISITION, LLC,
each as a Subsidiary Party
By: 	  	/s/ Robert Miodunski
  	
Name: Robert Miodunski
Title: Authorized Signatory
 
AGS CAPITAL, LLC,
AGS LLC,
AGS PARTNERS, LLC,
AGS ILLINOIS, LLLP,
AP GAMING NV, LLC
each as a Subsidiary Party
By: 	  	/s/ Robert Miodunski
  	
Name: Robert Miodunski
Title: Chief Executive Officer
 
[Signature Page to Collateral Agreement]

------------------------------------------------------------------------
CITICORP NORTH AMERICA, INC., as Agent
By: 	  	/s/ Matthew Burke
  	
Name: Matthew Burke
Title: Vice President

[Signature Page to Collateral Agreement]

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Schedule I
to the Collateral Agreement

Subsidiary Parties
 

Legal Name

   	
Type of Entity
   	Jurisdiction of Organization

 AP GAMING II, INC.

   	Corporation 	   	Delaware

 AP GAMING ACQUISITION, LLC

   	Limited liability company 	   	Delaware

 AGS CAPITAL, LLC

   	Limited liability company 	   	Delaware

 AGS LLC

   	Limited liability company 	   	Delaware

 AGS PARTNERS, LLC

   	Limited liability company 	   	Delaware

 AGS ILLINOIS, LLLP

   	Limited liability limited partnership 	   	Illinois

 AP GAMING NV, LLC

   	Limited liability company 	   	Delaware

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Schedule II
to the Collateral Agreement

Commercial Tort Claims

None.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Schedule III
to the Collateral Agreement

Pledged Stock; Pledged Debt

Pledged Stock
 

Issuer

   	
Record Owner
   	
Certificate No.
   	
Percentage of Issued
and Outstanding
Equity Interests
Owned
   	
Percent Pledged

 1. AP Gaming I, LLC

   	AP Gaming Holdings, LLC 	   	N/A 	   	100% 	   	100%

 2. AP Gaming II, Inc.

   	AP Gaming I, LLC 	   	1 	   	100% 	   	100%

 3. AP Gaming Acquisition, LLC

   	AP Gaming II, Inc. 	   	N/A 	   	100% 	   	100%

 4. American Gaming Systems Canada ULC

   	AP Gaming II, Inc. 	   	#7-726 Shares 	   	100% 	   	65% of voting 
equity and 100% of non-voting equity (if any)
   	   	#8-374 Shares 	   	  

 5. AGS Capital, LLC

   	AP Gaming Acquisition, LLC 	   	N/A 	   	100% 	   	100%

 6. AGS LLC

   	AGS Capital, LLC 	   	1 	   	100% 	   	100%

 7. AGS Partners, LLC

   	AGS Capital, LLC 	   	1 	   	100% 	   	100%

 8. AGS Illinois, LLLP

   	AGS LLC 	   	N/A 	   	General Partner 	   	100%
   	AGS Partners, LLC 	   	N/A 	   	100% of the Partnership Interests 	  


Pledged Debt
 

Entity

   	
Principal Amount
   	Date of
Issuance 	   	Interest Rate 	   	Maturity Date 	   	Pledged [Y/N]

 Global Intercompany Note among the Borrower and its Subsidiaries

   	All amounts outstanding from time to time 	   	Closing Date 	   	As 
agreed
from time to time
   	On demand 	   	Y

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Schedule IV
to the Collateral Agreement


Intellectual Property

Trademarks
 
1. 	See Schedule I to the Trademark Security Agreement, dated as of the 
date hereof, made by AGS LLC in favor of the Agent.


Patents
 
1. 	See Schedule I to the Patent Security Agreement, dated as of the date 
hereof, made by AGS LLC in favor of the Agent.


Copyrights

[None.]

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Exhibit I
to the Collateral Agreement

SUPPLEMENT NO.              dated as of                  (this “Supplement
”), to the Collateral Agreement dated as of December 20, 2013 (as 
heretofore amended and/or supplemented, the “Collateral Agreement”), among 
(a) AP GAMING I, LLC (the “Borrower”), each Subsidiary Loan Party (as 
defined in the Credit Agreement (as defined below)) listed on Schedule I to 
the Collateral Agreement and each Subsidiary of the Borrower that becomes a 
party hereto (each, a “Subsidiary Party”) and CITICORP NORTH AMERICA, INC., 
as Collateral Agent (in such capacity, the “Agent”) for the Secured Parties 
(as defined therein).

A. Reference is made to the First Lien Credit Agreement, dated as of 
December 20, 2013 (as amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified 
from time to time, the “Credit Agreement”), among the Borrower, the Lenders 
party thereto from time to time, the Agent, as administrative agent 
(together with its successors and assigns in such capacity, the “Credit 
Agreement Agent”), and the other parties party thereto.

B. Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined herein shall 
have the meanings assigned to such terms in the Credit Agreement or the 
Collateral Agreement, as applicable.

C. The Pledgors have entered into the Collateral Agreement in order to 
induce the Lenders to make Loans, each Issuing Bank to issue Letters of 
Credit and the holders of any other Other First Lien Obligations to make 
extensions of credit under the applicable Other First Lien Agreements, as 
applicable. Section 6.16 of the Collateral Agreement provides that 
additional Subsidiaries of the Borrower may become Subsidiary Parties under 
the Collateral Agreement by execution and delivery of an instrument in the 
form of this Supplement. The undersigned Subsidiary (the “New Subsidiary”) 
is executing this Supplement in accordance with the requirements of the 
Credit Agreement to become a Subsidiary Party under the Collateral 
Agreement.

Accordingly, the New Subsidiary agrees as follows:

SECTION 1. In accordance with Section 6.16 of the Collateral Agreement, the 
New Subsidiary by its signature below becomes a Subsidiary Party and a 
Pledgor under the Collateral Agreement with the same force and effect as if 
originally named therein as a Subsidiary Party and a Pledgor, and the New 
Subsidiary hereby (a) agrees to all the terms and provisions of the 
Collateral Agreement applicable to it as a Subsidiary Party and a Pledgor 
thereunder and (b) represents and warrants that the representations and 
warranties made by it as a Pledgor thereunder are true and correct in all 
material respects on and as of the date hereof. In furtherance of the 
foregoing, subject to any approvals required under Gaming Laws, the New 
Subsidiary, as security for the payment and performance in full of the 
Secured Obligations, does hereby create and grant to the Agent, its 
successors and assigns, for the benefit of the Secured Parties, their 
successors and assigns, a security interest in and Lien on all of the New 
Subsidiary’s right, title and interest in and to the Collateral (as defined 
in the Collateral Agreement) of the New Subsidiary. Each reference to a 
“Subsidiary Party” or a “Pledgor” in the Collateral Agreement shall be 
deemed to include the New Subsidiary (except as otherwise provided in 
clause (iii) of the definition of Pledgor to the extent applicable). The 
Collateral Agreement is hereby incorporated herein by reference.
 
Exhibit I - 1

------------------------------------------------------------------------
SECTION 2. The New Subsidiary represents and warrants to the Agent and the 
other Secured Parties that this Supplement has been duly authorized, 
executed and delivered by it and constitutes its legal, valid and binding 
obligation, enforceable against it in accordance with its terms, subject to 
(i) the effects of bankruptcy, insolvency, moratorium, reorganization, 
fraudulent conveyance or other similar laws affecting creditors’ rights 
generally, (ii) general principles of equity (regardless of whether such 
enforceability is considered in a proceeding in equity or at law) and (iii) 
implied covenants of good faith and fair dealing.

SECTION 3. This Supplement may be executed in two or more counterparts, 
each of which shall constitute an original but all of which when taken 
together shall constitute but one contract. This Supplement shall become 
effective when the Agent shall have received a counterpart of this 
Supplement that bears the signature of the New Subsidiary. Delivery of an 
executed signature page to this Supplement by facsimile or other electronic 
transmission shall be as effective as delivery of a manually signed 
counterpart of this Supplement.

SECTION 4. The New Subsidiary hereby represents and warrants that, as of 
the date hereof, (a) set forth on Schedule I attached hereto is a true and 
correct schedule of all the Pledged Stock and Pledged Debt of the New 
Subsidiary, (b) set forth on Schedule II attached hereto is a true and 
correct schedule of all Intellectual Property now owned by the New 
Subsidiary constituting United States registered Trademarks, Patents and 
Copyrights, (c) set forth on Schedule III attached hereto is a true and 
correct schedule of all Commercial Tort Claims in excess of $3,000,000 held 
by the New Subsidiary and (d) set forth under its signature hereto, is the 
true and correct legal name of the New Subsidiary, its jurisdiction of 
organization and organizational identification number.

SECTION 5. Except as expressly supplemented hereby, the Collateral 
Agreement shall remain in full force and effect.

SECTION 6. THIS SUPPLEMENT AND THE RIGHTS AND OBLIGATIONS OF THE NEW 
SUBSIDIARY UNDER THIS SUPPLEMENT SHALL BE CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH AND 
GOVERNED BY THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK.

SECTION 7. In the event any one or more of the provisions contained in this 
Supplement should be held invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any respect, 
the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions 
contained herein and in the Collateral Agreement shall not in any way be 
affected or impaired thereby. The parties shall endeavor in good-faith 
negotiations to replace the invalid, illegal or unenforceable provisions 
with valid provisions the economic effect of which comes as close as 
possible to that of the invalid, illegal or unenforceable provisions.
 
Exhibit I - 2

------------------------------------------------------------------------
SECTION 8. All communications and notices hereunder shall (except as 
otherwise expressly permitted by the Collateral Agreement) be in writing 
and given as provided in Section 6.01 of the Collateral Agreement.

SECTION 9. The New Subsidiary agrees to reimburse the Agent for its 
reasonable and documented out-of-pocket expenses in connection with this 
Supplement, including the reasonable and documented fees, disbursements and 
other charges of counsel for the Agent.

[Signature Page Follows.]
 
Exhibit I - 3

------------------------------------------------------------------------
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the New Subsidiary and the Agent have duly executed 
this Supplement to the Collateral Agreement as of the date first above 
written.
 
[Name of New Subsidiary]
By: 	  	 
  	
Name:
Title:
Legal Name:
Jurisdiction of Formation:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Schedule I

to Supplement No.          to the
Collateral Agreement

Pledged Collateral of the New Subsidiary

PLEDGED STOCK
 
Number of Issuer
Certificate
   	Registered Owner 	   	Number and Class of
Equity Interests 	   	Percentage of
Equity Interests


PLEDGED DEBT
 

Issuer

   	Principal Amount 	   	Date of Note 	   	Maturity Date


OTHER PROPERTY

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Schedule II
to Supplement No.          to the
Collateral Agreement

Intellectual Property of the New Subsidiary

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Exhibit II
to the Collateral Agreement

Form of Perfection Certificate

See Attached
 
Exhibit II-1

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Exhibit III
to Collateral Agreement

[Form of]

OTHER FIRST LIEN SECURED PARTY CONSENT

[Name of Authorized Representative for the New Secured Parties]
[Address of Authorized Representative]

[Date]

[Name of Agent]
[Address of Agent]

The undersigned is the Authorized Representative for persons wishing to 
become Secured Parties (the “New Secured Parties”) under the Collateral 
Agreement dated as of December 20, 2013 (as heretofore amended and/or 
supplemented, the “Collateral Agreement” (terms used without definition 
herein have the meanings assigned to such term by the Collateral 
Agreement)) among (a) AP GAMING I, LLC (the “Borrower”), each Subsidiary 
Party thereto (each, a “Subsidiary Party”) and CITICORP NORTH AMERICA, 
INC., as Collateral Agent (in such capacity, the “Agent”) for the Secured 
Parties (as defined therein).

In consideration of the foregoing, the undersigned hereby:

(i) represents that the Authorized Representative has been duly authorized 
by the New Secured Parties to become a party to the Collateral Agreement, 
each other Security Document and the First Lien Intercreditor Agreement on 
behalf of the New Secured Parties under that [DESCRIBE OPERATIVE AGREEMENT] 
(the “New Secured Obligation”) and to act as the Authorized Representative 
for the New Secured Parties;

(ii) acknowledges that the Authorized Representative received a copy of the 
Security Documents and each Intercreditor Agreement;

(iii) appoints and authorizes the Agent to take such action as agent on its 
behalf and on behalf of all other Secured Parties and to exercise such 
powers under the Security Documents and First Lien Intercreditor Agreement 
as are delegated to the Agent by the terms thereof, together with all such 
powers as are reasonably incidental thereto;

(iv) accepts and acknowledges the terms of the First Lien Intercreditor 
Agreement applicable to it and the New Secured Parties and agrees to serve 
as Authorized Representative for the New Secured Parties with respect to 
the New Secured Obligations and agrees on its own behalf and on behalf of 
the New Secured Parties to be bound by the terms thereof applicable to 
holders of Other First Lien Obligations, with all the rights and
 
Exhibit III-1

------------------------------------------------------------------------
obligations of a Secured Party thereunder and bound by all the provisions 
thereof (including, without limitation, Section 2.02(b) thereof) as fully 
as if it had been a Secured Party on the effective date of the Collateral 
Agreement and each Intercreditor Agreement and agrees that its address for 
receiving notices pursuant to the Security Documents and each applicable 
Intercreditor Agreement shall be as follows:

[Address]

(v) confirms the authority of the Agent to enter into such agreements on 
its behalf and on behalf of the New Secured Parties and agrees on its own 
behalf and on behalf of the New Secured Parties to be bound by the terms 
thereof applicable to it and the New Secured Parties as fully as if it had 
been a party to each such agreement on behalf of itself and the New Secured 
Parties.

The Agent, by acknowledging and agreeing to this Other First Lien Secured 
Party Consent, accepts the appointment set forth in clause (iii) above.

THIS OTHER FIRST LIEN SECURED PARTY CONSENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND SHALL 
BE CONSTRUED AND ENFORCED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW 
YORK.

[Signature Pages Follow.]
 
Exhibit III-2

------------------------------------------------------------------------
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has caused this Other First Lien 
Secured Party Consent to be duly executed by its authorized officer as of 
the date first above written.
 
[AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE]
By: 	  	 
  	
Name:
Title:
 
Acknowledged and Agreed:
 
[AGENT]
By: 	  	 
  	
Name:
Title:
 
Acknowledged and Agreed:
 
[BORROWER], for itself and on behalf of the other Pledgors
By: 	  	 
  	
Name:
Title:

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Exhibit IV
to the Collateral Agreement

Form of Intellectual Property Security Agreement

See Attached
 
Exhibit IV-1

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Form of Intellectual Property Security Agreement

[FORM OF] [COPYRIGHT] [PATENT] [TRADEMARK] SECURITY AGREEMENT dated as of 
[DATE] (this “Agreement”), made by [•], a [•] [•] (the “Pledgor”), in favor 
of Citicorp North America, Inc., as Collateral Agent (as defined below).

Reference is made to the Collateral Agreement dated as of December 20, 2013 
(as amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to 
time, the “Collateral Agreement”), among AP GAMING I, LLC (the “Borrower
”), each subsidiary of the Borrower identified therein and CITICORP NORTH 
AMERICA, INC., as collateral agent (together with its successors and 
assigns in such capacity, the “Agent”) for the Secured Parties (as defined 
therein). The parties hereto agree as follows:

SECTION 1. Terms. Capitalized terms used in this Agreement and not 
otherwise defined herein have the meanings specified in the Collateral 
Agreement. The rules of construction specified in Section 1.01(b) of the 
Collateral Agreement also apply to this Agreement.

SECTION 2. Grant of Security Interest. As security for the payment and 
performance when due, as the case may be, in full of the Secured 
Obligations, the Pledgor pursuant to the Collateral Agreement did, and 
hereby does, grant to the Agent, its successors and permitted assigns, for 
the benefit of the Secured Parties, a security interest in all of such 
Pledgor’s right, title and interest in or to any and all of the following 
assets now owned or at any time hereafter acquired by such Pledgor or in 
which such Pledgor now has or at any time in the future may acquire any 
right, title or interest (collectively, but excluding any Excluded 
Property, the “IP Collateral”):
 
  	[(i) 	all Patents of the United States, including those listed on 
Schedule I;]
 
  	[(ii) 	all Copyrights of the United States, including those listed on 
Schedule II;]
 
  	[(iii) 	all Trademarks of the United States, including those listed on 
Schedule III;

provided, however, that the foregoing pledge, assignment and grant of 
security interest will not cover any “intent-to-use” applications for 
trademark or service mark registrations filed pursuant to Section 1(b) of 
the Lanham Act, 15 U.S.C. § 1051, unless and until an Amendment to Allege 
Use or a Statement of Use under Sections 1(c) or 1(d) of the Lanham Act has 
been filed, to the extent, if any, that any assignment of an 
“intent-to-use” application prior to such filing would violate the Lanham 
Act.]

SECTION 3. Collateral Agreement. The security interests granted to the 
Agent herein are granted in furtherance, and not in limitation of, the 
security interests granted to the Agent pursuant to the Collateral 
Agreement. Each Pledgor hereby acknowledges and affirms that the rights and 
remedies of the Agent with respect to the IP Collateral are more fully set 
forth in the Collateral Agreement, the terms and provisions of which are 
hereby incorporated herein by reference as if fully set forth herein. In 
the event of any conflict between the terms of this Agreement and the 
Collateral Agreement, the terms of the Collateral Agreement shall govern.
 
Exhibit IV-2

------------------------------------------------------------------------
SECTION 4. Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in two or more 
counterparts, including by facsimile or other electronic means, each of 
which shall constitute an original and all of which shall together 
constitute one and the same document.

SECTION 5. Governing Law. THIS AGREEMENT AND THE RIGHTS AND OBLIGATIONS OF 
THE PARTIES HEREUNDER SHALL BE CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH AND GOVERNED BY 
THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK.

[Signature Pages Follow]
 
Exhibit IV - 3

------------------------------------------------------------------------
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have duly executed this Agreement as 
of the day and year first above written.
 
[Name of Pledgor]
By: 	  	 
  	
Name:
Title:
 
 
Exhibit IV- 4

------------------------------------------------------------------------
CITICORP NORTH AMERICA, INC.,
as Collateral Agent
By: 	  	 
  	Name:
  	Title:
By: 	  	 
  	

 Name:

  	

 Title:

 
 
Exhibit IV - 5