 EX-10.1 2 v394148_ex10-1.htm EXHIBIT 10.1
Exhibit 10.1
 
THIS INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY TRANSFER AGREEMENT (the “Agreement”) is made on 
September 29, 2014
 
BETWEEN
 
1. 	STRATEGYLAND RESEARCH LIMITED, a company incorporated in Singapore, (“
Strategyland Research Limited” or the “Seller”); and
 
2. 	CLONE ALGO TECHNOLOGIES INC, a corporation organized under the laws of 
the State of Nevada, (the “Company”).
 
WHEREAS
 
(A) 	Strategyland Research Limited has agreed to sell and/or transfer its 
applicable right, title and interest in the Intellectual Property (as 
defined below) to the Company, and
 
(B) 	The Company has agreed to purchase and accept the same for the 
Consideration (as defined below).
 
NOW, IT IS AGREED as follows:
 
1.1 	 Definitions and Interpretation.
 
1.2 	 In this Agreement:
 
Business Day means a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which banks 
generally are open in Singapore for the transaction of a full range of 
business.
 
Consideration has the meaning given to it Section 2.2.
 
Intellectual Property means all of Seller’s right, title and interest, as 
of the Transfer Time, in and to the following assets, properties and 
rights: (a) the BookSmooth Trademark and the BookSmooth Domain Name; (b) 
all of the goodwill related to the Seller’s right, title and interest to 
the BookSmooth Trademark and the BookSmooth Domain Name; (c) the BookSmooth 
Mobile APP complete with manuals; and (d) the BookSmooth Mobile App Source 
codes (together with all source and object code and documentation related 
thereto and all intellectual property rights therein)
 
Purchased Assets has the meaning given to it Section 4.
 
Transfer Time means 5 PM Singapore time on the date of this Agreement.
 
1.3 	 In this Agreement:
 
  	(a) 	the headings are inserted for convenience only and shall not affect 
the construction of this Agreement;
 
  	(b) 	a reference to sell or purchase or transfer includes a reference to 
procure the sale of or procure the purchase of or procure the transfer of, 
as the case may be; and
 
  	(c) 	general words introduced by the word other shall not be given a 
restrictive meaning by reason of the fact that they are preceded by words 
indicating a particular class of act, matter or thing, nor by the fact that 
they are followed by particular examples intended to be embraced by the 
general words.
 

 

 

 
2. THE TRANSFER
 
  	2.1 	 Effective as of the Transfer Time, Strategyland Research Limited 
hereby sells and transfers and the Company hereby purchases all of 
Strategyland Research Limited’s and its applicable affiliates’ right, title 
and interest in the Intellectual Property. In addition, the Seller shall 
pay $176,000 to the Company.
 
  	2.2 	 The price for the sale and transfer in Section 2.1 shall be eighty 
eight million shares (88,000,000) of the Company’s common stock to be 
issued to the Seller or to a person or entity to whom the Seller instructs 
the Company to issue the shares in lieu of issuance to the Seller (the “
Consideration”). For the avoidance of doubt, the Seller shall have the 
right to instruct the Company to issue the Consideration to another party – 
whether an individual or an entity. The Seller shall indemnify the Company 
as to any liability or claims made against the Company with regard to the 
issuance of the Consideration.
  
           2.3     THE COMPANY HEREBY ACKNOWLEDGES THAT THE SELLER MAKES NO 
REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY TO THE COMPANY UNDER THIS AGREEMENT, EITHER 
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, WITH RESPECT TO THE INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY, AND THAT THE 
ABOVE SALE AND TRANSFER IS MADE TO THE COMPANY ON AN “ASIS” BASIS.
 
3. COMPLETION
 
3.1 	Although some of the actions described in this Agreement may have 
already been taken before the Transfer Time or may not be taken until after 
the Transfer Time, the sale and purchase of the Intellectual Property shall 
be completed, and legal title and ownership in respect of the Intellectual 
Property shall be deemed to pass to the Company, in each case, with effect 
from the Transfer Time.
 
3.2 	The Company shall:
 
(a)
(b)
approve the issuance of the Consideration to the Seller;
cause to be delivered or made available to Seller such additional documents 
as may reasonably be required to complete the sale and purchase of the 
Intellectual Property; and
 
(c) 	do such other things reasonably necessary to give full effect to this 
Agreement.
 
3.3 	Strategyland Research Limited shall:
 
(a) 	Timely pay or cause to be paid $176,000 in cash to the Company or to 
whom and in the manner as Company may direct; and
 
(b) 	cause to be delivered or made available to the Company such additional 
documents as may be reasonably required to complete the sale and purchase 
of the Intellectual Property; and
 
(c) 	do such other things reasonably necessary to give full effect to this 
Agreement.
 

 

 

 
4. PURCHASE AND SALE OF IP.
 
On and subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, at the 
Transfer Time, Seller shall sell, assign, transfer, convey and deliver to 
the Company, and the Company shall purchase and acquire from Seller, free 
and clear of all encumbrances, all of Seller’s right, title and interest, 
as of the Transfer Time, in and to the following assets, properties and 
rights (collectively, the “Purchased Assets”):
 
(a) The BookSmooth Trademark and the BookSmooth Domain Name and
 
(b) All of the goodwill relating to the Purchased Assets.
 
(c) BookSmooth Mobile APP complete with manuals,
 
(d) BookSmooth Mobile App Source codes
 
5. ENTIRE AGREEMENT
 
  This Agreement) sets forth the entire understanding and agreement among
  the parties as to matters covered herein and therein and supersedes any
  prior understanding, agreement or statement (written or oral) of intent
  among the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof.
   
6. COUNTERPARTS
 
  This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of
  which shall be deemed to be an original and all of which together shall
  be deemed to be one and the same instrument.
   
7. VARIATION
 
  No waiver shall be deemed to have been made by any party of any of its
  rights under this Agreement unless the same is in writing and is signed
  on its behalf by an authorized signatory. Any such waiver shall
  constitute a waiver only with respect to the specific matter described in
  such writing and shall in no way impair the rights of the party granting
  such waiver in any other respect or at any other time. To be binding, any
  amendment of this Agreement must be effected by an instrument in writing
  signed by the parties.
   

 

 

   
8. NOTICES
 
  All notices, demands, instructions, waivers, consents or other
  communications to be provided pursuant to this Agreement shall be in
  writing, shall be effective upon receipt, and shall be sent by hand,
  email, air courier or certified or registered mail, return receipt
  requested, as follows:
    
If to the Company: 	
Clone Algo Technologies Inc.
3753 Howard Hughes Parkway,
Suite 200
Las Vegas, NV 89169-0952
 
Phone:844-256-6325
 
Attention: Nakul Gupta
  	 
  	 
If to Strategyland Research Limited: 	
 
Strategyland Research Limited
1 Changi North Street 1,
Singapore 498789
 
Attention : CEO
    
or to such other address as a party may specify by notice from time to time 
in writing to the other parties in the manner specified in this Section.
 
9. COSTS
 
  	  	Strategyland Research Limited and the Company shall each pay its own 
costs, charges and expenses incurred in connection with the preparation and 
implementation of this Agreement and the transactions contemplated by it.
  
10. GOVERNING LAW; SUBMISSION TO JURISDICTION;
 
  	10.1 	 THE AGREEMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE 
WITH, THE LAWS OF Singapore. Each party hereby irrevocably agrees that any 
legal action or proceeding against it arising out of this Agreement or the 
transactions contemplated hereby shall be brought only in the Courts of 
Singapore.
 

 

 

 
AS WITNESS, this Agreement has been signed by or on behalf of the parties 
the day and year first above written.
 
SIGNED 	(     	  	/s/ Niraj Goel  	  	 
for and on behalf of Strategyland Research Limited 	(     	  	Signature 	  	
 
  	  	  	  	  	 
  	(     	  	Niraj Goel 	  	 
  	(     	  	Name 	  	 
  	  	  	  	  	 
  	(     	  	Majority Shareholder 	  	 
  	(     	  	Title 	  	 
  	  	  	  	  	 
SIGNED 	(     	  	/s/ Nakul Gupta 	  	 
for and on behalf of Clone Algo Technologies Inc.  	(    	  	Signature 	  	
 
  	  	  	  	  	 
  	(     	  	Nakul Gupta  	  	 
  	(     	  	Name 	  	 
  	  	  	  	  	 
  	(     	  	Chief Executive Officer 	  	 
  	(     	  	Title 	  	 
  

 

 
 