 EX-10.25 5 bmaq_ex10z26.htm LEASE
EXHIBIT 10.26
LEASE INFORMATIONAL SHEET

Lessee’s Name:
 Bright Mountain Holdings, Inc.

Lessee’s Address/Phone:
 6400 Congress Ave., Suite 1200, Boca Raton, FL 33487

Lessee’s Status/Agent:
 Florida Limited Liability Company

Lease Space Sq. Ft.:
 2,014 +/-

Commencement Date:
 September 15, 2014

Broker Name/Address:
 Bray Realty Advisors, LLC, 7450 Liverpool Ct., Boynton Beach, Florida
 33472

Annual Rent:
Lease Year
Space
Rent PSF
 Annual Gross Rent

1
2,014
$23.50
                         $47,329.00
2
2,014
$24.21
                         $48,758.94
3
2,014
$24.94
                         $50,229.16

Monthly Rent (1st Year):
 $3,944.08 plus sales tax  
Security Deposit
 $4,186.00 plus sales tax
Renewal Option(s):
 one (1) option for three (3) years
Renewal Rent:
                         The rent for the one (1) three (3) years renewal
                         option will be based on the greater of last
                         month’s rent or the fair market value of like kind
                         office space within Boca Raton plus three (3%) per
                         year increases.

Parking:
                         Four (4) non-exclusive parking spaces per one
                         thousand square feet of leased space

Lessee’s Use of Premises:
 Headquarters of a Technology Company.

Signage:
 Interior signage on the directory and suite entry door

 Special Provisions:

 The terms and conditions set forth above are integrated into the Lease as
 if set forth therein.
Lessor:
 
Lessee:
 
By:  
/s/ KC
 
By:  
/s/ Annette Casacci, CFO
 
 
 
 
 

Date:

August 27, 2014
 

Date:

August 25, 2014






                   Prepared by: Michael J Posner, Esq.
                   4420 Beacon Circle, Suite 100, West Palm Beach, Florida
                   33407



------------------------------------------------------------------------

CORPORATE USE OFFICE LEASE


 This Corporate Use Office Lease (“Lease”) is made and entered into as of
 the 25th day of August, 2014, by and between OIII Realty Limited
 Partnership, a Nevada limited partnership authorized to transact business
 in Florida (“Lessor”), having an address of 6400 Congress Avenue, Suite
 2200, Boca Raton, Florida 33487 and Bright Mountain Holdings, Inc.
 (“Lessee”), having an address of 6400 Congress Ave., Suite 1200, Boca
 Raton, FL 33487.

 For and in consideration of the mutual covenants herein contained, Lessor
 hereby leases to Lessee, and Lessee hereby rents from Lessor, those
 certain premises located at 6400 Congress Avenue, Suite 2050, Boca Raton,
 Florida 33487 (“Premises”) which are situated within the building located
 at 6400 Congress Avenue, Boca Raton, Florida 33487 (“Building”), and which
 are more particularly described as follows:

See Exhibit A attached hereto and made a part hereof

 For all purposes hereunder the Premises shall be deemed to consist the
 square feet set forth on the Informational Sheet, regardless of the actual
 measurable square footage of the Premises. It is understood that such
 measurement is made pursuant to Building Owners and Managers Association
 (BOMA) Guidelines for a Standard Method for Measuring Floor Area in Office
 Buildings, and is based on rentable not useable area, and includes a load
 factor for use by Lessee of the common areas of the Building.

1.
 TERM. A. The term of this Lease shall be three (3) years, commencing on
 the 15th day of September, 2014 and ending on the 14th day of September,
 2017 (“Lease Term”). Lessee’s obligation for the payment of rent shall
 commence on September 15, 2014 (“Commencement Date”).

B.
 Delivery Date by Premises. Lessee may access space to commence Lessee’s
 build-out upon execution hereof and payment of first last and security to
 Lessor. Lessee herein covenants and agrees to cause the construction of
 Lessee’s Work to be undertaken promptly, to be performed and completed
 diligently and continuously, and to cause the Premises and surrounding
 area to be completed on the Commencement Date. Lessee, prior to
 commencement of any work, shall provide Lessor with proof of adequate
 insurance naming the Lessor as an additional insured. All subcontractors
 shall be required to have adequate insurance and proof of same provided to
 Lessor prior to any work.

C.
 So long as Lessee is not in default hereunder, Lessee shall have the
 option to renew this Lease for one (1) additional three (3) year term at
 the rate set forth in the Informational Sheet, by providing Lessor written
 notice of the exercise thereof at least one hundred eighty (180) days
 prior to the end of the Lease Term (the “Renewal Term”). Failure to timely
 renew the Lease shall terminate all renewal options granted hereunder. The
 terms Lease Term and Renewal Term are sometime referred to herein as the
 “Term.”

2.
 RENT. A. Base Rent: Lessee agrees to pay Lessor, without demand, set off
 or deduction, rent for the term of the Lease in the amount set forth on
 the Informational Sheet plus applicable sales tax, payable in equal
 monthly installments (“Monthly Rent”) in the amount set forth on the
 Informational Sheet plus applicable sales tax on the first day of each
 month over the first year of the term of the Lease (“Base Rent”). Base
 Rent or any other monthly charges due Lessor hereunder shall be deemed
 past due as of the fifth (5th) day of the month, and any other charges
 shall be deemed past due on the fifth (5th) day following receipt of
 invoice for same. If any past due Base Rent or Additional Rent,
 hereinafter defined, is reduced to judgment, the Lessee agrees that the
 judgment shall continue to bear interest at the maximum rate permitted at
 law.

 If the Rent Commencement Date shall be a day other than the first (1st)
 day of a calendar month, then the Rent (as adjusted) for the period from
 the first Rent Commencement Date through the end of the month in which
 said first Rent Commencement Date occurs shall be prorated and shall be
 due and payable prior to occupancy hereunder.





------------------------------------------------------------------------

B.
 Rent Terms: All sums payable under this Paragraph shall be Additional
 Rent. All sums payable by Lessee to Lessor under this Lease as Annual Rent
 or Additional Rent or otherwise shall be subject to all applicable sales
 and other governmental charges now or hereinafter enacted. Any delay or
 failure of Lessor under this Paragraph or otherwise in rendering any
 Monthly Rent adjustment notice, statement, Lessor’s Expense Computation
 (estimated or actual), or bill shall not prejudice Lessor’s right to
 thereafter render the same or others, nor constitute a waiver of or impair
 Lessee’s continuing obligation to make the payments required by this
 Lease. Any obligation of Lessee under this Lease to pay Additional Rent or
 of Lessor to make any refund to Lessee shall survive the expiration of the
 Term and shall be discharged by payment in cash when and as the amount of
 same is determined. Base Rent, Monthly Rent, Annual Rent and Additional
 Rent are also collectively referred to hereunder as “Rent.”

C.
 Covenant to Pay Rent: Lessee shall pay to Lessor the Rent, as it may be
 adjusted, any Additional Rent, and any other sums due hereunder as herein
 provided at Lessor’s above-stated address, or at such other place as
 Lessor may designate in writing, without demand and without counterclaim,
 deduction, or setoff.

D.
 Place of Payment: All payments of Rent shall be made and paid by Lessee to
 Lessor at 6400 Congress Ave., Suite 2200, Boca Raton, Florida 33487, or at
 such other place as Lessor may, from time to time, designate in writing to
 Lessee. All Rent shall be payable in current legal tender of the United
 States, as the same is then by law constituted. Any extension, indulgence,
 or waiver granted or permitted by Lessor in the time, manner or mode of
 payment of Rent, upon any one (1) occasion, shall not be construed as a
 continuing extension, indulgence or waiver, and shall not preclude Lessor
 from demanding strict compliance herewith.

E.
                   Financial Statements: INTENTIONALLY DELETE

3.
 SECURITY DEPOSIT. Lessee has already deposited with Lessor an amount equal
 the sum set forth on the Informational Sheet (“Security Deposit”). This
 sum shall be retained by Lessor as security for the payment by Lessee of
 the Base Rent and other sums payable by Lessee under this Lease and for
 the faithful performance by Lessee of all the other terms, covenants and
 conditions of this Lease. Lessor, at Lessor’s option and upon prior
 written notice to Lessee, may, at any time, apply the Security Deposit or
 any part thereof toward the payment of the Base Rent and/or Additional
 Rent and/or toward the performance of Lessee’s obligations under this
 Lease. The Security Deposit shall not constitute liquidated damages.
 Lessor shall return the unused portion of the Security Deposit, if any, to
 Lessee within thirty (30) days after the expiration of the Term if Lessee
 is not in breach of this Lease. If the Security Deposit is insufficient to
 cover Lessor’s actual damages, Lessee shall pay on demand to Lessor an
 amount sufficient to fully compensate Lessor for Lessees breach. Lessor
 may (but is not obligated to) exhaust any or all rights and remedies
 against Lessee before resorting to the Security Deposit. Lessor shall not
 be required to pay Lessee any interest on the Security Deposit nor hold
 same in a separate account. If Lessor sells the Building, Lessor shall
 deliver the Security Deposit, if applicable or the unapplied portion
 thereof to the new owner. Lessee agrees that if Lessor turns over the
 Security Deposit or the unapplied portion thereof to the new owner, Lessee
 shall look to the new owner only and not to Lessor for its return upon
 expiration of the Term. If Lessee assigns this Lease, the Security Deposit
 shall remain with Lessor for the benefit of the new tenant and shall be
 returned to such tenant upon the same conditions as would have entitled
 Lessee to its return. No mortgagee of the Building will be liable for the
 return of any portion of the Security Deposit, except to the extent
 actually received by such mortgagee.

4.
 LATE CHARGES. If Lessee shall pay Monthly Rent or any Additional Rent
 after the fifth (5th) day of the calendar month for which said payment is
 due, Lessee shall, in addition, pay a late charge equal to five percent
 (5%) of the amount not timely paid in order to defray Lessor’s additional
 processing costs. If Lessee shall pay Monthly Rent or any Additional Rent
 with a check or bank draft which is returned unpaid or uncollected, Lessee
 shall pay to Lessor, in addition to the total amount due and to any late
 charge, a Twenty-Five Dollar ($25.00) processing fee for each such check
 or bank draft. In addition, Lessee shall reimburse Lessor upon demand for
 all reasonable costs incurred by Lessor in the enforcement of any of the
 provisions of this Lease and/or the collection of any sums due to Lessor
 under this Lease including, without limitation, collection agency fees and
 attorneys’ fees through all appellate actions and proceedings, if any. 
 Without affecting or limiting the





------------------------------------------------------------------------

 default provisions hereof, Lessee shall pay Lessor interest at the highest
 non-usurious rate permitted by applicable law, from the due date until
 paid, on any rent due under this Lease that remains unpaid five (5) days
 after its due date and if any past due rent is reduced to judgment, the
 Lessee agrees that the judgment shall continue to bear interest at the
 maximum rate permitted at law.

5.
 HOLDING OVER. If Lessee retains possession of the Premises, or any part
 thereof, beyond the end of the Term, Lessee shall pay to Lessor an amount
 equal to 150% the Monthly Rent plus 150% any Additional Rent for the time
 Lessee thus remains in possession. In addition thereto, Lessee shall pay
 Lessor for all damages, consequential as well as direct, sustained by
 reason of Lessee’s retention of possession. The provisions of this
 Paragraph shall not limit or in any way impair or waive Lessor’s right to
 possession, right of re-entry or any other right or remedy given hereunder
 or pursuant to State or federal law.

6.
 LIENS. A. Lessee hereby pledges and conveys to Lessor a security interest
 (“Lessor’s Lien”) in all of Lessee’s furniture, furnishings, goods,
 chattels and fixtures of every nature, kind and description whatsoever
 situated upon the Premises as collateral security for the full and prompt
 payment of Monthly Rent and any Additional Rent as and when due and the
 full and faithful performance of Lessee’s covenants herein contained.
 Lessee also agrees that this Lessor’s Lien may be enforced by distress
 sale, foreclosure, or by any other method, and that any and all costs
 incurred by Lessor by enforcement of this Lessor’s Lien shall be payable
 to Lessor by Lessee. Such lien may be further evidenced by a UCC-1
 Financing Statement, which UCC-1 Financing Statement may be filed by
 Lessor without further consent or action by Lessee.

B.
 Lessee shall, within ten (10) days after notice from Lessor, discharge or
 bond off and indemnify Lessor, to Lessor’s sole satisfaction, against any
 construction liens for materials or labor claimed to have been furnished
 to the Premises on Lessee’s behalf. Lessee shall notify Lessor in writing
 within twenty-four
 (24) hours after it has learned that such a lien has been filed or may be
 filed.

C.
 Notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary, the interest of
 Lessor in the Building, the Land upon which it is situate, the Common
 Areas or any portion of any of the foregoing including, but not limited
 to, the Premises or any portion thereof (all of the foregoing being
 hereinafter sometimes referred to as the “Subject Real Property”), shall
 not be subject to liens for improvements made by or for Lessee or Lessee’s
 permitted successors, assigns and/or sublessees, whether or not the same
 shall be made or done in accordance with any agreement between Lessor and
 Lessee or Lessee’s permitted successors, assigns and/or sublessees or for
 any other reason, and it is specifically understood and agreed that in no
 event shall Lessor or the interest of Lessor in the Subject Real Property
 or any portion thereof including, but not limited to, the Premises or any
 portion thereof, be liable for or subject to any construction,
 materialmen’s or laborer’s lien or liens for improvements or work made by
 or for Lessee or Lessee’s permitted successors, assigns and/or sublessees;
 and this Lease specifically prohibits the subjecting of Lessor’s interest
 in the Subject Real Property or any portion thereof including, but not
 limited to, the Premises or any portion thereof, to any construction,
 materialmen’s or laborer’s lien or liens for improvements made by Lessee
 or Lessee’s permitted successors, assigns and/or sublessees or for which
 Lessee or Lessee’s permitted successors, assigns and/or sublessees is
 responsible for payment under the terms of this Lease. All persons dealing
 with Lessee or Lessee’s permitted successors, assigns and/or sublessees
 are hereby placed upon notice of this provision. All memoranda and short
 forms of this Lease may be recorded among any Public Records shall contain
 the provisions set forth above in this paragraph; provided, however,
 nothing contained in this sentence shall permit or authorize the recording
 of any memorandum or short form of this Lease by Lessee.

7.
 MAINTENANCE AND REPAIR. Lessee shall at all times, and at Lessee’s
 expense, maintain the Premises in a clean, orderly, tenantable and
 sanitary condition, including the maintenance of a pest, termite and
 organism extermination service for the Premises. Lessee shall return the
 Premises at the end of the Term in good order and repair, and shall be
 obligated to keep repaired and maintained during the Term (i) any glass
 windows, doors and door hardware, (ii) interior walls, floor coverings,
 columns and partitions, (iii) fixtures, (iv) heating, ventilating and air
 conditioning appliances that are in the exclusive control and use of
 Lessee, and (v) solely serving the Premises any and all other
 appurtenances of the Premises including all tiles and grids. At the end of





------------------------------------------------------------------------

 the Term, Lessee shall pay Lessor for damages to any of the foregoing,
 whether or not such damages were caused by the act or neglect of Lessee or
 any person invited or employed by, or under the control of, Lessee. Lessor
 shall be obligated to keep the Building, the Building grounds, the
 Building exterior, the Building interior janitorial cleaning, HVAC
 systems, utilities, the Common Areas, the Building’s roof, walls and
 foundation structurally sound, in working order and in a condition that is
 no less than exists on the date of this Lease, ordinary wear and tear
 excepted, except that Lessor shall not be responsible to make any such
 repairs made necessary by any act or neglect of Lessee or any person
 invited or employed by, or under the control of Lessee.

8.
 ACCESS TO PREMISES. Lessee shall permit Lessor, and Lessor’s agents and
 independent contractors, during customary business hours or at any time
 which Lessor reasonably deems an emergency situation, to enter the
 Premises for (i) the purpose of making inspections and repairs, (ii)
 removing fixtures, alterations, additions, signs or placards not in
 conformity with those rules and regulations prescribed by Lessor from time
 to time, or (iii) exhibiting the Premises for lease, appraisal, sale or
 mortgage, which right of Lessor shall include, within one hundred eighty
 (180) days prior to the end of the Term, the posting of any sign to such
 effect. If Lessor makes repairs or causes repairs to be made to the
 Premises, Lessee shall immediately pay to Lessor the costs of same after
 notice from Lessor plus interest at the maximum rate permitted at law.

9.
 ALTERATIONS AND IMPROVEMENTS TO PREMISES. A. Building Additions &
 Alterations: Lessor shall have the absolute right to make changes in and
 about the Building, including, without limitation, employing electrical
 submetering or direct metering for the Premises, and build additions to or
 otherwise alter the Building, without liability to Lessee, provided such
 alterations do not materially adversely affect Lessee’s use, enjoyment and
 occupation of the Premises. Lessee shall not make any alterations or
 additions to the Premises, or install any high voltage or amperage
 electrical equipment or plumbing apparatus in the Premises, without the
 written consent of Lessor, and all additions, fixtures or improvements
 which may be made by Lessee shall become the property of Lessor, remain
 upon the Premises and be surrendered with the Premises at the end of the
 Term. If Lessee shall require special electrical, plumbing, maintenance or
 other special services or equipment during the Term and Lessor consents
 thereto, Lessee agrees to pay for all installation costs and all expenses
 incurred in connection with Lessee’s use of such special services and
 equipment.

B.
 Space Build-Out: Lessor will deliver the space "As-Is," “Broom Clean,"
 built-out per the space plan attached as Exhibit "C", and Lessor shall
 patch and paint walls with one coat of paint and install new building
 standard carpet, Lessee to choose color (from building approved palette).

C.
 Signs: Lessee shall not erect nor modify any signs on the Building or
 within the Common or Limited Common Areas without Lessor’s prior written
 consent, which may be withheld for any reason. Lessor shall include, if
 available, Lessee’s name in the building directory at a location to be
 determined by Lessor.

10.
 ASSIGNMENT AND SUBLETTING. A. Lessee shall not transfer or assign this
 Lease or any right under it nor sublet the Premises or any part of the
 Premises, nor convey, mortgage, pledge, encumber or otherwise grant any
 interest, privilege or license whatsoever in connection with this Lease or
 the Premises, except with the prior written consent of Lessor, which
 consent may not be unreasonably withheld. Consent by Lessor to one (1) or
 more assignments, sublettings or encumbrances shall not operate as a
 consent to any subsequent assignment, subletting or encumbrance, each of
 which shall require Lessor’s separate consent. Any and all costs incurred
 in connection with the permitted assignment or subletting of this Lease,
 including attorney review fees or the permitted grant of any encumbrance
 or other interest in connection with this Lease or the Premises shall be
 paid by the Lessee, which sums shall be added to and become a part of the
 Additional Rent.

B.
 In the event of a permitted assignment of this Lease, or subletting of the
 Premises, Lessee shall remain fully liable and shall not be released from
 Lessee’s obligations hereunder should any assignee or sublessee fail to
 fully and faithfully perform each and every of Lessee’s covenants herein
 contained, including without limitation, the payment of Monthly Rent and
 any Additional Rent as and when due.





------------------------------------------------------------------------

C.
 For purposes of this section, the sale or transfer of more than
 Twenty-Five percent (25%) of the ownership interest in and to the Lessee
 shall constitute an assignment of the Lease requiring the consent of
 Lessor.

D.
 Notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary, should Lessee
 desire to assign the Lease or sublease the Premises, Lessor shall have the
 right, but not the obligation, to cancel or terminate the Lease and deal
 with Lessee’s prospective assignee or sublessee directly and without any
 obligation to Lessee. In this event, Lessee’s future obligations to Lessor
 under this Lease shall terminate in accordance with Lessor’s written
 exercise of such right.

11.
 CONDITION OF PREMISES. Lessee shall accept the Premises “AS-IS”, in the
 condition the Premises are in at the commencement of the Term. Lessee
 acknowledges that Lessee has inspected and knows the condition of the
 Premises and acknowledges to Lessor that the Premises are in good order
 and repair as of the date the Term commences. Lessee shall provide Lessor
 at the commencement of the Lease Term written acknowledgement of Lessee’s
 inspection of the Premises and acceptance of same in “AS-IS” condition.

12.
 LAWS, RULES AND REGULATIONS. Lessee shall, during the term of this Lease,
 at Lessee’s sole cost and expense abide by and comply with all rules and
 regulations now or hereinafter prescribed by Lessor for the Building and
 the Premises, and shall abide by and comply with all laws, ordinances and
 regulations enacted by those governmental entities, whether federal, state
 or municipal, having jurisdiction over the Building or the Premises
 whether or not the same shall interfere with the use or occupancy of the
 Premises, arising from (a) Lessee’s use of the Premises; (b) the manner or
 conduct of Lessee’s business or operation of its installation, equipment
 or other property therein; (c) any cause or condition created by or at the
 instance of Lessee; or (d) breach of any of Lessee’s obligations
 hereunder, whether or not such compliance requires work which is
 structural or non-structural, ordinary or extraordinary, foreseen or
 unforeseen; and Lessee shall pay all of the costs, expenses, fines,
 penalties and damages which may be imposed upon Lessor by reason or
 arising out of Lessee’s failure to fully and promptly comply with and
 observe the provisions of this Section. Lessee shall give prompt notice to
 Lessor of any notice it receives of the violation of any law or
 requirement of any public authority with respect to the Premises or the
 use or occupation thereof. Lessee shall neither permit nor commit any
 immoral or unlawful practice or act in or upon the Building or the
 Premises. Lessee shall not permit any noxious, foul or disturbing odors to
 emanate from the Premises nor use loudspeakers, phonographs or radio
 broadcasts in a manner so as to be heard outside of the Premises.  The
 current Rules and Regulations are attached hereto as Exhibit B.

13.
 USE. A.  Permitted Use: Lessee will use and occupy the Premises solely for
 the use set forth on the Information Sheet and related use and for no
 other use or purpose without the Lessor’s prior written consent. Lessee
 shall not suffer or permit the Premises or any part thereof to be used in
 any other manner, or suffer or permit anything to be done or brought into
 or kept in the Premises, which would in any way: (a) violate any law or
 requirement of public authorities; (b) cause injury to the Building or any
 part thereof; (c) interfere with the normal operations of air
 conditioning, ventilating, plumbing or other mechanical or electrical
 systems of the Building or the elevators installed therein; (d) constitute
 a public or private nuisance; (e) use or permit the use of the Premises
 for public assembly, or for any illegal or immoral purpose; or (f) alter
 the appearance of the exterior of the Building or any portion of the
 interior other than the Premises pursuant to the provisions of this Lease.

B.
 Indemnification: Lessee shall indemnify and hold Lessor harmless from all
 claims, damages and losses resulting from any acts or omissions or as a
 result of neglect or fault of Lessee, its agents, servants, employees,
 licensees, customers or invitees including, but not limited to, attorneys’
 fees through all trial, bankruptcy and appellate levels and post-judgment
 proceeding and whether or not suit or any other proceeding is instituted.
 Lessee specifically acknowledges that after hours and/or weekend access is
 at Lessee and Lessee’s employees own risk. Lessee also specifically
 acknowledges that Lessor will not offer any security services at the
 Building for Lessee and its guests and employees, and Lessee shall be
 obligated to implement its own security plan for its own protection and
 Lessee shall indemnify, save and hold Lessor harmless against any claim
 filed by Lessee’s guests and employees with regard to any claim of loss or
 injury due to an alleged lack of security.





------------------------------------------------------------------------

C.
 Floor Loads, Noise and Vibration: Lessee shall not place a load upon any
 floor of the Premises which exceeds the load per square foot which such
 floor was designed to carry or which is allowed by law. Business machines
 and mechanical equipment belonging to Lessee which cause noise, electrical
 interference or vibration that may be transmitted to the structure of the
 Building or to the Premises to such a degree as to be objectionable to
 Lessor or other tenants in the Building, shall, at Lessee’s expense, be
 placed and maintained by Lessee in settings of cork, rubber, or
 spring-type vibration eliminators sufficient to eliminate such noise,
 electrical interference or vibration.

D.
 ADA Compliance: In the event that any alterations or improvements to the
 Premises requested by Lessee (and/or any change in use of the Premises by
 Lessee) necessitates that the Premises or Building be altered in order to
 comply with the requirements of the Americans with Disabilities Act or
 other similar legal requirements, Lessee shall be responsible for the
 costs of all such alterations.

E.
 Disclaimer of Warranty: Lessee expressly disclaims any implied warranty
 that the Premises are suitable for Lessee’s intend commercial purpose, and
 Lessee’s obligation to pay rent hereunder is not dependent upon the
 condition of the Premises or the performance by Lessor of its obligations
 hereunder, and Lessee shall continue to pay Rent, without abatement,
 setoff, or deduction, notwithstanding any breach by Lessor of its duties
 or obligations hereunder, whether express or implied.

14.
 INDEMNITY AND INSURANCE. A. Lessee agrees to indemnify, defend and save
 and hold Lessor, and Lessor’s agents, managing agent, independent
 contractors, successors and assigns, harmless against any and all
 liabilities, losses, costs and expenses (including, without limitation,
 any and all attorneys’ fees and court costs through trial and on appeal)
 arising from or in any way connected with any acts, omissions, neglect or
 fault of Lessee, or any of Lessee’s agents, invitees, licensees,
 representatives, successors or assigns, including but not limited to, any
 Default (hereinafter defined), or any death, personal injury or property
 damage occurring in, on or about the Premises or the Building.

B.
 Lessee shall during the Term, at Lessee’s cost and expense, keep in full
 force and effect a policy of public liability insurance, including
 workmen’s compensation coverage, and property damage insurance, with
 respect to all matters which arise in connection with Lessee’s operation
 of the Premises. The limits of public liability coverage shall not be less
 than $1,000,000.00 per person and $1,000,000.00 per occurrence, and the
 property damage liability shall not be less than $1,000,000.00. The
 insurance policy or policies shall name Lessor, Lessor’s managing agent
 and Lessee as insureds, and shall contain a clause that the insurer will
 not cancel or change insurance coverage without first giving Lessor twenty
 (20) days’ prior written notice of same. Lessee shall also carry business
 interruption insurance in an amount sufficient to cover nine (9) months of
 expenses for costs, damages, lost income, expenses, Rent, additional rent
 and all other sums payable under this Lease, should any or all of the
 Premises not be habitable for any extended period. All required insurance
 shall be underwritten by a company or companies approved by Lessor with
 general policyholder’s rating of “A” as rated in the most current
 available “Best’s Insurance Reports” and qualified to do business in
 Florida, and a copy of the policy or policies and of the certificate(s) of
 such insurance and all endorsements thereto or replacements thereof, shall
 be delivered to Lessor immediately upon their issue.

C.
 Lessee shall comply, at Lessee’s cost and expense, with any and all
 requirements of the Southern Underwriters’ Board and of any federal,
 State, and municipal government applicable to the Premises for the
 correction, prevention and abatement of nuisances, unsafe or hazardous
 conditions, or other grievances arising from Lessee’s occupancy of the
 Premises. Lessee shall also comply in a timely manner with all
 occupational, professional and licensing requirements applicable to
 Lessee’s use of the Premises. Lessee shall promptly comply with any and
 all fire, emergency and evacuation procedures ordered by safety and
 regulatory officials having jurisdiction over the Building or the
 Premises.

D.
 Lessee shall comply with any and all requests made by Lessor’s fire or
 liability insurers with respect to the Building or the Premises, or both,
 at Lessee’s cost and expense. Lessee agrees to pay any





------------------------------------------------------------------------

 increase(s) in Lessor’s fire and/or liability insurance premiums over and
 above the rate in effect immediately prior to the date the Term commences
 caused by Lessee’s use or occupancy of the Premises.

E.
 Lessee shall not do or suffer anything to be done on or about the Premises
 that will or may increase the rate of insurance on the Building or the
 Common Areas. If, by reason of the failure of Lessee to comply with the
 terms of this Lease, or by reason of Lessee’s occupancy (even though
 permitted or contemplated by this Lease), the insurance rate shall at any
 time be higher, or notice is given that it shall be higher, than it would
 otherwise be for comparable commercial office space in the area of the
 Building, Lessor, in its sole discretion, may require Lessee to reimburse
 Lessor the part of all insurance premiums charged because of such
 violation or occupancy by Lessee, or Lessor may require Lessee to cease
 any such use which causes such higher premium. Any such reimbursement
 shall be Additional Rent hereunder.

F.
 In any event of loss or damage to the Building, the Premises, the Common
 Areas and or any contents, each party hereto shall look first to any
 insurance in its favor before making any claim against the other party. To
 the extent possible without additional cost, each party shall obtain for
 each policy of such insurance, provisions permitting waiver of any claim
 against the other party for loss or damage within the scope of such
 insurance, and each party, to such extent permitted, for itself and its
 insurers waives all such insured claims against the other party.

15.
 DIRECT CHARGES. Lessee shall pay any and all such direct charges for
 illumination, trash removal, garbage collection, telephone, electricity,
 gas, water, sewage disposal and other utilities used on the Premises
 directly to the providers of same promptly as and when due, including but
 not limited to, any and all required fees and deposits for service.
 Failure to timely pay same shall constitute a default hereunder.

16.
 DAMAGE TO PREMISES. If the Premises shall be destroyed or damaged by fire,
 windstorm, civil disturbance or other casualty during the Term so that the
 same shall be rendered untenantable, Lessor shall have the right to render
 the Premises tenantable by repairs made within one hundred eighty (180)
 days from the date of payment to Lessor of applicable insurance proceeds.
 Base Rent shall abate during such total casualty, but Additional Rent
 shall remain due and payable. If the Premises are not rendered tenantable
 within such time, it shall be the option of either Lessor or Lessee to
 terminate this Lease. If either Lessor or Lessee shall exercise its option
 to terminate this Lease pursuant to this Paragraph, Lessee’s obligation to
 pay both Monthly Rent and any Additional Rent shall cease at the time of
 said termination. If only a part of the Premises shall be destroyed,
 Monthly Rent only shall be apportioned for the remaining tenantable area
 as determined by Lessor, in Lessor’s sole discretion. Notwithstanding the
 foregoing, if the damage results from the fault of Lessee, or Lessee’s
 agents, employees, visitors, licensees or invitees, Lessee shall not be
 entitled to any abatement or reduction of rent.

 Although nothing contained in this Lease shall ever be construed as
 obligating Lessor to pay the premiums for any such insurance which Lessee
 is obligated to carry under this Lease, if, at any time during the
 continuance of this Lease, Lessee fails to deliver such policies and the
 evidence of payment of the premiums for such policies, Lessor may, at
 Lessor’s option, procure the said insurance and Lessee will owe Lessor
 reimbursement therefor immediately as Additional Rent, but such facts will
 never be construed as constituting a waiver by Lessor of the default
 hereunder committed by Lessee.

17.
 PERSONAL PROPERTY. All of Lessee’s personal property placed upon, or moved
 into the Premises shall be at the sole risk of Lessee, and Lessor shall
 not be liable (i) for any damage to any such personal property, or to
 Lessee or any third party, arising from the bursting or leaking of water
 pipes or from any other act whether by Lessor or by a third person, or
 (ii) for the negligence of any other person whomsoever, including without
 limitation, Lessor and Lessor’s agents, independent contractors,
 representatives, successors and assigns.

18.
 CONDEMNATION. If all or any portion of the Premises shall be taken, except
 temporarily, by any condemnation or eminent domain proceedings, this Lease
 shall terminate on the effective date of the final judicial order of
 taking. Lessor shall be entitled to all awards for such taking, except
 that Lessee shall be entitled to make a separate claim at the expense of
 Lessee against the condemning authority for moving expenses and for
 damages





------------------------------------------------------------------------

 to permitted fixtures installed in the Premises; provided, however, that
 any award made to Lessee shall be in addition to, and shall not reduce,
 any award which Lessor may claim in connection with such taking, and
 further provided that in no event shall Lessee have any claim for the
 value of any remaining portion of the Term. If only a part of the Premises
 shall be condemned, Monthly Rent only shall be apportioned for the
 remaining tenantable area as determined by Lessor, in Lessor’s sole
 discretion.

19.
 QUIET ENJOYMENT. Upon payment by Lessee of the Monthly Rent and any
 Additional Rent as and when due, and upon the faithful observance and
 performance of all of Lessee’s covenants herein contained, Lessee shall
 peaceably and quietly hold and enjoy the Premises for the Term without
 hindrance or interruption by Lessor, or by any other person or persons
 lawfully or equitably claiming by, through or under Lessor, subject,
 nevertheless, to all of the provisions and conditions of this Lease.

20.
 CONVEYANCES AND ENCUMBRANCES. Lessor shall have the unrestricted right to
 convey, transfer, mortgage or otherwise encumber the Premises. This Lease
 is and at all times shall be automatically by its terms subject and
 subordinate to all present and future mortgages to which Lessor is a party
 and which in any way affect the Premises or any interest therein, and to
 all recastings, renewals, modifications, consolidations, replacements or
 extensions of any such mortgage(s). Lessee agrees, within seven (7) days
 of any such request, to execute any and all documents or instruments
 requested by Lessor or by any mortgagee(s) to evidence the said
 subordinate condition of this Lease, as the same may have been amended, to
 any such financing, and to certify, when requested by Lessor or by any
 mortgagee(s), that this Lease is in full force and effect. This statement,
 commonly referred to as an “estoppel certificate”, shall be for the
 benefit of Lessor, and any purchaser or mortgagee of Lessor.

21.
 OWNERSHIP BY MORTGAGEE; LESSEE’S ATTORNMENT. A. If any mortgagee comes
 into possession or ownership of the Premises or of the Building, or
 acquires Lessor’s interest by foreclosure of a mortgage or otherwise,
 Lessee will attorn to such mortgagee. Lessee will not be entitled to a
 credit for Monthly Rent or any Additional Rent paid in advance in such
 event.

B.
 If any mortgagee(s) shall request reasonable modifications to this Lease
 as a condition to disbursing any monies to be secured by a mortgage
 encumbering the Premises, Lessee agrees that, within seven
 (7) days after such a request from Lessor, Lessee shall execute and
 deliver to Lessor an agreement, in form and substance satisfactory to
 Lessor and to said mortgagee(s), evidencing such modifications; provided,
 however, that such modifications do not increase Lessee’s monetary
 obligations under this Lease or materially adversely affect Lessee’s
 leasehold interest created by this Lease.

22.
 NOTICES. Whenever this Lease requires that notice or demand shall be given
 or served on either party to this Lease, such notice or demand shall be in
 writing and shall be delivered personally or forwarded by certified or
 registered mail, return receipt required, addressed as set forth at the
 beginning of this Lease.

23.
 ENTIRE AGREEMENT. This Lease contains the complete, exclusive and entire
 agreement between Lessor and Lessee regarding occupation of the Building
 and lease of the Premises, and supersedes any and all prior oral and
 written agreements between Lessor and Lessee regarding such matters. This
 Lease may be modified only by an agreement in writing signed by both
 Lessor and Lessee, and no offer of surrender of the Premises by Lessee
 shall be binding unless accepted by Lessor in a writing signed by Lessor.

24.
 BENEFITS; BINDING EFFECT. This Lease shall be binding upon and inure to
 the benefit of the heirs, legal representatives and successors of Lessor
 and Lessee, and the assigns of Lessor and permitted assigns of Lessee, and
 shall be construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State
 of Florida. Venue for any litigation which may arise in connection with
 this Lease, the Building or the Premises shall be in the county wherein
 the Premises are located.

25.
 SEVERABILITY. If any covenant or provision of this Lease, or the
 application thereof to any person or circumstance, shall to any extent be
 invalid or unenforceable, the remainder of this Lease or the application
 of





------------------------------------------------------------------------

 such covenant or provision to persons or circumstances (other than those
 as to which it is held invalid or unen- forceable) shall not be affected
 thereby, and each and every other such covenant and provision of this
 Lease or portion thereof shall be valid and be enforced to the fullest
 extent permitted by law.

26.
 TOXINS. Given the humid conditions and warm climate in Palm Beach County,
 Florida, molds, mildew, toxins and/or fungi may exist or develop within
 the Premises (hereinafter referred to as the “Toxins”). Lessee is hereby
 notified that certain Toxins may be, or if allowed to remain without
 treatment for any period of time, become toxic and pose a health risk. By
 leasing the Premises, Lessee shall be deemed to have understood and
 assumed the risks associated posed by Toxins and to release, to the
 fullest extent permitted by law, the Lessor from any and liability
 resulting from same, including, but not limited to, any liability for
 incidental or consequential damages (which may result from the inability
 to possess all or any part of the Premises, inconvenience, moving costs,
 off-site leasing costs, storage costs, loss of time, lost wages, lost
 opportunities and/or personal injury or death). Without limiting the
 generality of the foregoing, leaks, leaving windows or exterior doors open
 for extended periods of time or during wet weather, wet flooring not
 timely dried, and moisture will contribute to the growth of Toxins. Lessee
 agrees that Lessor is not liable, and the Lessor disclaims any liability,
 loss or damage resulting from any illness, personal injury, death or
 allergic reactions which may be experienced by Lessee, its employees,
 and/or its or their guests and invitees as a result of Toxins.

27.
 REMEDIES CUMULATIVE. Lessor’s remedies under this Lease are cumulative,
 and the election of any right or remedy by Lessor shall not be deemed a
 waiver of any other right or remedy of Lessor under this Lease or
 otherwise.

28.
 ATTORNEYS’ FEES. If, by reason of Lessee’s Default, Lessor employs an
 attorney to enforce Lessor’s remedies or otherwise protect Lessor’s rights
 under this Lease, Lessee shall pay to Lessor any and all attorneys’ fees
 and court costs, through trial and on appeal, and all other costs and
 expenses incurred by Lessor as a result of Lessee’s Default. If any
 lawsuit is brought in connection with this Lease or the Premises, Lessee
 shall pay all attorneys’ fees and court costs, through trial and on
 appeal, and in any bankruptcy court action, incurred by Lessor in defense,
 counterclaim or crossclaim of any such action or proceeding.

29.
 NO WAIVER. The failure of Lessor to insist on the performance or
 observance by Lessee of any one or more conditions or covenants of this
 Lease shall not be construed as a waiver or relinquishment of the future
 performance of any such covenant or condition, and Lessee’s obligation
 with respect to such future performance shall continue in full force and
 effect.

30.
 LESSOR’S PROPERTY. Lessee shall look solely to Lessor’s ownership interest
 in the Building for the satisfaction of any judgment or decree requiring
 the payment of money by Lessor, or by Lessor’s agents, representatives,
 successors or assigns, to Lessee, or to any person claiming by or through
 Lessee, in connection with this Lease, and no other property or asset of
 Lessor real or personal, tangible or intangible, shall be subject to levy,
 execution or other enforcement procedure for the satisfaction of any such
 judgment or decree.

31.
 RADON GAS. Radon is a naturally occurring radioactive gas that, when it
 has accumulated in a building in sufficient quantities, may present health
 risks to persons who are exposed to it over time. Levels of radon that
 exceed federal and state guidelines have been found in buildings in
 Florida. Additional information regarding radon and radon testing may be
 obtained from your county public health unit.

32.
 GENDER. The terms Lessor and Lessee as herein contained shall include the
 singular and/or the plural, the masculine, the feminine, and/or the
 neuter, the heirs, successors, executors, administrators, personal
 representatives and/or assigns, wherever and whenever the context so
 requires or admits.

33.
 CAPTIONS. The captions of the various paragraphs of this Lease have been
 inserted for the purposes of convenience only. Such captions are not a
 part of this Lease and shall not be deemed in any manner to modify,
 explain, enlarge or restrict any of the provisions contained in this
 Lease.





------------------------------------------------------------------------

34.
 DEFAULT/REMEDIES. A. Lessee shall be in default hereunder if (i) Lessee
 fails to pay in full when due the Base Rent, as adjusted from time to time
 as herein provided, any Additional Rent hereunder, or any other sums
 payable under this Lease; (ii) Lessee fails to observe and perform any of
 the terms, covenants and/or conditions of this Lease not contemplated by
 clauses (i) or (iii) of this sentence and such default shall continue for
 more than ten (10) days after written notice from Lessor to Lessee; or
 (iii) the Premises shall be abandoned, deserted or vacated at any time
 during the Term of this Lease. The Premises and trade fixtures, equipment
 and furniture situated thereon shall be conclusively deemed abandoned by
 Lessee upon fifteen (15) consecutive days absence from the Premises by
 Lessee or its agents (unless such absence results from fire or other
 casualty) together with the failure to pay all rent due hereunder. In such
 event Lessor may enter the Premises and may remove all remaining trade
 fixtures and equipment at Lessee’s expense. All such property shall, at
 Lessor’s option, become the property of Lessor, or said property may be
 placed in storage at Lessee’s cost and expense, or sold or otherwise
 disposed of, in which event the proceeds of such sale or other disposition
 shall belong to Lessor.

 Default shall also occur if at any time during the Term there shall be
 filed by or against Lessee or its permitted successors, or assigns, then
 in possession of the Premises, in any court pursuant to any statute either
 of the United States or of any state or foreign jurisdiction, a petition
 (1) in bankruptcy, (2) alleging insolvency, (3) for reorganization, (4)
 for the appointment of a receiver, or (5) for an arrangement under the
 Bankruptcy Acts or Codes, or if a similar type of proceeding shall be
 filed and said proceeding is not set aside, vacated, discharged or bonded
 within thirty (30) days after the institution of same, then Lessor may
 terminate Lessee’s rights under this Lease by notice in writing to Lessee,
 and thereupon Lessee shall immediately quit and surrender the Premises to
 Lessor, but Lessee shall continue to be liable for the payment of Rent and
 all other sums due hereunder.

B.
 Remedies: In the event of any default by Lessee, Lessor may (1) cure
 Lessee’s default at Lessee’s cost and expense, and/or (2) reenter the
 Premises and remove all persons and all or any property therefrom, by any
 suitable action or proceeding at law, without being liable for any
 prosecution therefor or damages therefrom, and repossess and enjoy the
 Premises, with all additions, alterations and improvements, and Lessor
 may, at its option, repair, alter, remodel and/or change the character of
 the Premises as it may deem fit, and/or (3) at any time relet the Premises
 or any part or parts thereof, as the agent of Lessee or in Lessor’s own
 right, and/or (4) terminate this Lease upon not less than three (3) days
 written notice to Lessee, but in which event Lessee shall remain liable
 for all Rent.

C.
 In any case where Lessor has retaken possession of the Premises by reason
 of Lessee’s default or seeks such a retaking, Lessor may, at Lessor’s
 option, occupy the Premises or cause the Premises to be redecorated,
 altered, divided, consolidated with other adjoining Premises, or otherwise
 changed or prepared for reletting, and may relet the Premises or any part
 thereof as agent of Lessee or otherwise, for a term or terms to expire
 prior to, at the same time as, or subsequent to, the original expiration
 date of this Lease, at Lessor’s option, and receive the rent therefor.
 Rent so received shall be applied first to the payment of such expenses as
 Lessor may have incurred in connection with the recovery of possession,
 redecorating, altering, dividing, consolidating and other adjoining
 Premises, or otherwise changing or preparing for reletting, and the
 reletting, including brokerage and reasonable attorneys’ fees, including
 attorneys’ fees in bankruptcy, appellate and post-judgment proceedings.
 Thereafter, such rent shall be applied to the payment of damages in an
 amount equal to the rent hereunder, as adjusted and Additional Rent, and
 to the cost and expenses of performance of the other covenants of Lessee
 as herein provided. Lessee agrees, in any such case, whether or not Lessor
 has relet, to pay to Lessor damages equal to the Base Rent as adjusted and
 Additional Rent due hereunder, and other sums herein agreed to be paid by
 Lessee, less the net proceeds of the reletting, if any, as ascertained
 from time to time, and the same shall be payable by Lessee on dates as
 provided for in Article 2 above. In reletting the Premises as aforesaid,
 Lessor may grant rent concessions, and Lessee shall not be credited
 therewith. No such reletting shall constitute a surrender and acceptance
 or be deemed evidence thereof. If Lessor elects, pursuant hereto, actually
 to occupy and use the Premises or any part thereof during any part of the
 balance of the Term as originally fixed or since extended, there shall be
 allowed against Lessee’s obligation for rent or damages as herein defined,
 during the period of Lessor’s occupancy, the reasonable value of such
 occupancy, not to exceed in any event the rent herein reserved and such
 occupancy shall not relieve Lessee of its liability hereunder. Lessee
 hereby waives all right of





------------------------------------------------------------------------

 redemption to which Lessee or any person claiming under Lessee might be
 entitled by any law now or hereafter in force. Lessor’s remedies hereunder
 are in addition to any remedy allowed by law or in equity.

D.
 The exercise by Lessor of any right granted in this Article shall not
 relieve Lessee from the obligation to make all rental payments, and to
 fulfill all other covenants required by this Lease, at the time and in the
 manner provided herein. In the event of a default, if Lessor so desires,
 all current and future rent and other monetary obligations due hereunder
 shall become immediately due and payable. This includes any additions to
 Rent herein provided for the period from the date of an event of default
 until the end of the Term of this Lease, a sum equal to the Monthly Rent
 and Additional Rent required to be paid hereunder by Lessee, multiplied by
 the number of calendar months or portions thereof remaining in the Term of
 this Lease. Lessor shall not be required to relet the Premises nor
 exercise any other right granted to Lessor hereunder. If Lessor attempts
 to relet the Premises, the Lessor shall be the sole judge as to whether or
 not a proposed Lessee is suitable and acceptable.

 In the event of a breach by Lessee of any covenants or provisions hereof,
 Lessor shall have, in addition to any other remedies which it may have,
 the right to invoke any remedy allowed at law or in equity to enforce
 Lessor’s rights or any of them, as if re-entry and other remedies were not
 herein provided for. Lessee agrees that no demand for Rent and no re-entry
 for condition broken and no notice to quit possession or other notices
 prescribed by statute shall be necessary to enable Lessor to recover such
 possession, but that all right to any such demand and any such re-entry
 and any notice to quit possession or other statutory notices or
 prerequisites are hereby waived by Lessee.

 The maintenance of any action or proceeding to recover possession of the
 Premises, or any installment or installments of Rent or any other monies
 that may be due, or become due from Lessee to Lessor, shall not preclude
 Lessor from thereafter instituting and maintaining subsequent actions or
 proceedings for the recovery of possession of the Premises or of any other
 monies that may be due or become due from Lessee. Any entry or re-entry by
 Lessor shall not be deemed to absolve or discharge Lessee from liability
 hereunder.

E.
 If Lessee shall at any time be in default hereunder, and if Lessor shall
 deem it necessary to engage attorneys to enforce Lessor’s right hereunder,
 the determination of such necessity to be in the sole discretion of
 Lessor, then Lessee will reimburse Lessor for the reasonable expense
 incurred thereby, including, but not limited to, court costs and
 reasonable attorneys’ fees including attorneys’ fees in appellate and
 post- judgment proceedings and regardless of whether or not any action may
 be instituted. In addition to, and not in lieu of, the provisions
 contained in the immediately preceding sentence, in the event of any
 litigation between the parties hereto, the subject matter of which is this
 Lease or any matter contained herein, the prevailing party shall be
 entitled to recover from the non-prevailing party all court costs and
 reasonable attorneys’ fees including, but not limited to, attorneys’ fees
 in appellate and post-judgment proceedings.

F.
 Without affecting the default provisions hereof, any payment of Rent
 required by this Lease which remains unpaid for five (5) days after its
 due date shall bear interest at the then maximum non-usurious rate allowed
 under applicable law from the due date to the date of payment.

G.
 Notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary, all remedies of
 Lessor as herein provided are cumulative and Lessor’s exercise of any one
 or more of them shall not be deemed a waiver of any other remedy(ies)
 available to Lessor.

35.
 FORCE MAJEURE. Lessor does not warrant that any of the services which
 Lessor may supply, will be free from interruption. Lessee acknowledges
 that any one or more of such services may be suspended by reason of
 accident or repair, alterations or improvements necessary to be made, or
 by strikes or lockouts, or by reason of operation of law, or other causes
 beyond the reasonable control of Lessor. No such interruption or
 discontinuance of service shall ever be deemed an eviction or a
 disturbance of Lessee’s use, enjoyment and possession of the Premises or
 any part thereof, or render Lessor liable to Lessee for damages by
 abatement or reduction of Base Rent or any Additional Rent or relieve
 Lessee from the performance of any of Lessee’s obligations under this
 Lease.





------------------------------------------------------------------------

 In addition, Lessee shall have the affirmative duty, upon any casualty,
 including, but not limited to, hurricane or tornado, to take all
 affirmative steps to protect the Premises and the Building on an expedited
 basis. These include pre-storm preparation to protect the Premises,
 installation of any available pre-storm protective devices, sealing of all
 doors and windows from water intrusion, and removal of valuable items of
 personal property or data. After any such event, Lessee shall take all
 action necessary to protect the Building and Premises, including removal
 of any dangerous conditions and sealing of all doors and windows from
 water intrusion. Prior to such post-event action, Lessee shall consult
 with Lessor regarding same, shall document all such damage via written and
 photographic evidence and shall save all receipts for any such work.

36.
 TIME OF THE ESSENCE. Each of Lessee’s covenants herein is a condition and
 time is of the essence with respect to the performance of every provision
 of this Lease and the strict performance of each shall be a condition
 precedent to Lessee’s rights to remain in possession of the Premises, or
 to have this Lease continue in effect.

37.
 HAZARDOUS WASTE. Lessee warrants and represents that it will, during the
 period of its occupancy of the Premises under this Lease, comply with all
 federal, state and local laws, regulations and ordinances with respect to
 the use, storage, treatment, disposal or transportation of Hazardous
 Substances. Lessee shall indemnify and hold Lessor harmless from and
 against any claims, fines, judgments, penalties, costs, liabilities or
 losses (including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys’ fees and
 costs at trial and on appeal) arising from the breach of the preceding
 warranty and representation.

 For the purposes of this Paragraph, the term “Hazardous Substances” shall
 be interpreted broadly to include but not be limited to, substances
 designated as hazardous under the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act,
 42 U.S.C. §9601, et seq., the Federal Water Pollution Control Act, 33
 U.S.C. §1257, et seq., the Clean Air Act, 42 U.S.C. §2001, et seq., or the
 Comprehensive Environmental Response Compensation and Liability Act of
 1980, 42 U.S.C. §9601, et seq., any applicable State Law or regulation.
 The term shall also be interpreted to include but not be limited to any
 substance which after release into the environment and upon exposure,
 ingestion, inhalation or assimilation, either directly from the
 environment or directly by ingestion through food chains, will or may
 reasonably be anticipated to cause death, disease, behavior abnormalities,
 cancer and/or genetic abnormalities, and oil and petroleum based
 derivatives.

 Lessee shall not store or dispose of any hazardous material or waste in or
 about the premises. Lessee shall indemnify and hold Lessor harmless from
 and against any claims, damages, costs, expenses or actions which arise
 out of any breach of this provision and such indemnity shall survive the
 termination of the Lease, except those specifically used in Lessee’s
 business, which use has been disclosed to and approved in writing by
 Lessor. In such event, Lessee shall properly dispose of same and shall
 provide Lessor with a written plan detailing such disposal.

 The provisions of this Paragraph shall be in addition to any other
 obligations or liabilities Lessee may have to Lessor at law and equity and
 shall survive termination of this Lease.

38.
 NO PARTNERSHIP. Nothing contained in this Lease shall constitute or be
 construed to be or create a partnership, joint venture or any other
 relationship between Lessor and Lessee other than the relationship of
 Lessor and Lessee.

39.
 NO OTHER REPRESENTATIONS. No representations or promises shall be binding
 on the parties hereto except those representations and promises contained
 herein or in some future writing signed by the party making such
 representations or promises.

40.
 LESSEE’S ACKNOWLEDGMENT: Lessee shall, from time to time, on not less than
 five (5) days prior written request by Lessor, execute, acknowledge, and
 deliver to Lessor a written statement certifying that this Lease is
 unmodified and in full force and effect, or that this Lease is in full
 force and effect as modified and listing the instruments of modification,
 the dates to which the rents and other charges have been paid, and whether





------------------------------------------------------------------------

 or not, to the best of Lessee’s knowledge, Lessor is in default hereunder
 and, if so, specifying the nature of the default, and such other matters
 as Lessor may reasonably request. It is intended that any such statement
 delivered pursuant to this Article may be relied upon by a prospective
 purchaser of Lessor’s interest or mortgagee of Lessor’s interest or
 assignee of any mortgage upon Lessor’s interest in the Building and/or the
 Common Areas.

41.
 WAIVER OF COUNTERCLAIM AND JURY TRIAL. TO THE EXTENT ALLOWED BY LAW,
 LESSEE HEREBY WAIVES THE RIGHT TO INTERPOSE ANY COUNTERCLAIM (EXCEPT A
 MANDATORY COUNTERCLAIM UNDER FLORIDA LAW OR RULE OF PROCEDURE) IF LESSOR
 PURSUES ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING FOR THE POSSESSION OF THE PREMISES.
 LESSEE HEREBY EXPRESSLY WAIVES ANY RIGHT TO ASSERT A DEFENSE BASED ON
 MERGER AND AGREES THAT NEITHER THE COMMENCEMENT OF ANY ACTION OR
 PROCEEDING, NOR THE SETTLEMENT THEREOF, NOR THE ENTRY OF JUDGMENT THEREIN
 SHALL BAR LESSOR FROM BRINGING ANY SUBSEQUENT ACTIONS OR PROCEEDINGS FROM
 TIME TO TIME. TO THE EXTENT SUCH WAIVER IS PERMITTED BY LAW, THE PARTIES
 WAIVE TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING BROUGHT IN CONNECTION WITH
 THIS LEASE OR THE PREMISES.

42.
 ARTICLE AND PARAGRAPH HEADINGS. The Article and Paragraph headings in this
 Lease are intended for convenience only and shall not be taken into
 consideration in any construction or interpretation of this Lease or any
 of its provisions.

43.
 BROKERS. Each party represents to the other that they have dealt with no
 real estate or leasing brokers in conjunction with this Lease except the
 broker(s) listed on the Informational Sheet. Each party agrees and
 warrants to indemnify and hold harmless the other from any claims of other
 brokers for payment of fees or charges of any kind including attorneys’
 fees, in conjunction with this transaction. The foregoing shall survive
 the end of the Lease Term.

44.
 LIMITATIONS ON RECORDING. Lessee shall not, without the prior written
 consent of Lessor which may be withheld for any reason, record or permit
 the recording of this Lease or any memorandum hereof, any short form of
 this Lease or any instrument referring therein to this Lease among the
 Public Records within or without the State of Florida. Lessor shall have
 the right, but not the obligation, to record, from time to time, this
 Lease, any memorandum hereof, any short form of this Lease or any other
 instrument referring therein to this Lease and, should Lessor desire to so
 record, Lessee shall cooperate fully by executing any and all documents in
 regard thereto.

45.
 ENTITY LESSEE. Lessee shall be required to file all necessary documents
 with the entity’s state of organization on an annual basis so as not to be
 dissolved. In the event that Lessee, as a legal entity is dissolved, the
 officers, managers, directors and/or partners executing this Lease on
 behalf of the entity agree to be personally liable for the obligation of
 the dissolved entity, unless and until such entity’s status as an active
 Corporation, Limited Liability Company and/or Limited Partnership is
 resolved.

46.
 DISTRESS WRIT. In the event of a default by Lessee, in addition to any
 other remedies available to Lessor, Lessor shall be entitled to a Distress
 Writ without necessity of posting or filing a bond or any other security.

47.
 WAIVER OF NOTICE. Lessee hereby waives any requirement of notice of
 default, including, but not limited to, any statutory notice requirements
 prerequisite to bring any action against Lessee for a default under this
 Lease.

48.
 RELOCATION: Lessor shall have the right to change the location and/or
 configuration of the Premises subject to the following terms and
 conditions: (i) if Lessee has commenced beneficial use of the Premises,
 then Lessor shall provide Lessee not less than thirty (30) days advance
 written notice of the date Lessee must vacate the Premises; (ii) if Lessee
 has not commenced beneficial use of the Premises, then Lessor shall





------------------------------------------------------------------------

 provide Lessee not less than five (5) days advance written notice of such
 change; (iii) Lessor shall provide Lessee with substitute space of similar
 nature and size elsewhere in the Building (“Substitute Premises”); and
 (iv) Lessor shall, if Lessee has commenced beneficial use of the Premises,
 at Lessor’s expense (a) remove  Lessee’s equipment and furniture from the
 Premises and reinstall same in the Substitute Premises and (b) redecorate
 the Substitute Premises in a substantially similar manner in which the
 Premises are decorated, subject to availability of matching materials.
 Within ten (10) days after Lessor submits an amendment of this Lease
 indicating the location and/or configuration of the Substitute Premises
 and such other reasonable provisions (if necessary) to this Lease arising
 out of the substitution of the Substitute Premises for the Premises,
 Lessee shall execute and then deliver to Lessor such amendment.

49.
 SEPARATE COVENANT. Lessee’s obligation to pay Rent and Additional Rent
 under this Lease are separate and distinct covenants independent of any of
 the Lessor’s obligations under the Lease. Notwithstanding any other
 provisions contained in this Lease or any extensions, modifications or
 renewals of this Lease, it is understood and agreed that in the event of
 default in performance of any agreement, condition, or other provisions to
 be performed by the Lessor, or if for any other reason Lessee might be
 entitled to any reimbursement from Lessor, in no event shall Lessee deduct
 or withhold any such amount from any payments of Rent due to Lessor under
 this Lease.

50.
 LIMITATION ON LESSOR’S LIABILITY. Notwithstanding any contrary provision
 of this Lease, Lessee shall look solely to the interest of Lessor or its
 successor (as Lessor hereunder) in the Building for the satisfaction of
 any judgment or other judicial process requiring the payment of money as a
 result of any gross negligence or breach of this Lease by Lessor or such
 successor, and no other assets of Lessor or such successor (including any
 beneficial owners, partners, corporations and/or others affiliated or in
 any way related to Lessor or such successor) shall be subject to
 deficiency action, levy, execution or other enforcement procedure for the
 satisfaction of Lessee’s remedies in any of such events. Lessee’s sole
 right and remedy in any action or proceeding concerning Lessor’s
 reasonableness (where the same is required under this Lease) shall be an
 action for declaratory judgment and/or specific performance.

51.
 ABANDONED PROPERTY. If at the end of the Lease term, (including any early
 termination hereof), Lessee shall leave and abandon any personal property
 at the Leased Premises, Lessor shall notify Lessee of same at the
 forwarding address provided by Lessee, and Lessee shall have ten (10) days
 within which to remove said property. If Lessee fails or refuses to remove
 said property, Lessor may dispose of same in any manner deemed appropriate
 by Lessor, regardless of the value of the property and Lessee hereby
 waives any right or claim to object to such disposal.

52.
 SURVIVAL. All terms and provision of this Lease shall, to the extent
 reasonably necessary to fulfill the intent of the Parties, survive the
 termination hereof.

53.
 COUNTERPARTS. This Lease may be executed in several counterparts, all of
 which shall constitute one and the same Lease between Lessor and Lessee.

54.
 COMMON AREAS/PARKING: A. Definition: All areas within the exterior
 boundaries of the Building or any amenities thereto which are not now or
 hereafter included within the Premises, or held for lease or occupation by
 Lessor including, without limiting the generality of the foregoing,
 parking areas including, but not limited to driveways, delivery passages
 or areas, sidewalks, ramps, open and closed courts, atriums and malls,
 landscaped and planted areas, stairways, elevators, exterior decks,
 restrooms not located within the premises of any Lessee, and other areas
 and improvements provided by Lessor for the common use of Lessor and
 Lessees and their respective employees and invitees, shall be deemed
 “Common Areas.” Portions of the Common Areas are within the Building while
 other portions are not within the Building. Lessor may make changes at any
 time and from time to time in the size, shape, location, number and extent
 of the Common Areas or any of them and no such change shall entitle Lessee
 to any abatement of rent.





------------------------------------------------------------------------

B.
 Use: Lessee and its employees and invitees shall be entitled to use the
 Common Areas during the Term of this Lease, in common with Lessor and with
 other persons authorized by Lessor from time to time to use such Common
 Areas, subject to such reasonable rules and regulations relating to such
 use as Lessor may from time to time establish.

C.
         Control by Lessor:

(1)
 Lessor shall operate, manage, equip, police, light, repair and maintain
 the Common Areas in such manner as Lessor may in its sole discretion
 determine to be appropriate. Lessor may temporarily close any Common Area
 for repairs or alterations, close them for up to one (1) day in each
 calendar year to prevent a dedication thereof or the accrual of
 prescriptive right therein, or close them for any other reason deemed
 sufficient by Lessor.

(2)
 Lessor shall at all times during the Term of this Lease have the sole and
 exclusive control of the automobile parking areas including, but not
 limited to, the driveways, ramps, entrances and exits, public seating
 areas, and the sidewalks, pedestrian passageways and other Common Areas,
 and may at any time and from time to time during the Term hereof restrain
 any use or occupancy thereof except as authorized by the rules and
 regulations for the use of such areas established by Lessor from time to
 time. The rights of Lessee in and to the Common Areas shall at all times
 be subject to the rights of Lessor and other parties designated by Lessor
 including, but not limited to, other Lessees of Lessor to use the same in
 common with Lessee, and Lessee shall keep said areas free and clear of any
 obstructions created or permitted by Lessee or resulting from Lessee’s
 operation. If in the opinion of Lessor unauthorized persons are using any
 of said Common Areas by reason of the presence of Lessee in the Building,
 Lessee, upon demand of Lessor, shall restrain such authorized use by
 appropriate proceedings. Nothing herein shall limit the right of Lessor at
 any time to remove any such unauthorized person from the Common Areas or
 to prohibit the use of any said Common Areas by unauthorized persons.

(3)
 When and to the extent parking spaces, including reserved parking spaces,
 are to be furnished to Lessee as provided in the Informational Sheet or as
 may be provided in a separate agreement (though nothing herein shall imply
 that parking spaces may be provided in a separate agreement), Lessee, its
 employees and clients shall park their vehicles only in those spaces in
 the parking areas as are from time to time designated for that purpose by
 Lessor. The availability of reserved parking spaces shall be solely in
 Lessor’s control, and shall be upon terms, conditions and costs as
 established by Lessor. Lessee shall furnish Lessor with a list of its
 employees’ vehicle license numbers within five (5) days after taking
 possession of the Premises and Lessee shall thereafter notify Lessor of
 any change in such list within five (5) days after such change occurs.
 Lessee agrees to assume responsibility for compliance by its employees
 with the parking provisions contained herein. Lessee further agrees that
 in the event Lessee and/or its employees shall have parked their vehicles
 in spaces not so designated, then Lessor shall, upon the second notice by
 Lessor or its representative of such event, have the power to require
 Lessee to pay to Lessor the sum of Twenty Dollars ($20.00) per day for
 each day the violation shall continue.

(4)
 In the event Lessor elects to limit or control parking by customers or
 invitees of the Building, whether by sticker, validated parking tickets,
 valet service, or any other method of assessment, Lessee agrees to
 participate in such program under such reasonable rules and regulations as
 are from time to time established by Lessor with respect thereto.

55.
 SERVICES FURNISHED: A. Lessor will furnish the following services to
 Lessee during the Lease Term:

1.
 Cold water for drinking and toilet purposes and hot water for lavatory
 purposes (in Common Area bathrooms).





------------------------------------------------------------------------

2.
 Janitorial services to the Premises Monday through Friday, except
 holidays. Lessor shall cause the Premises, including the exterior and
 interior of the windows thereof to be cleaned in a manner standard to the
 Building. Lessee shall pay to Lessor on demand, the cost incurred by
 Lessor for: (a) extra cleaning work in the Premises required because of
 (i) misuse or neglect on the part of Lessee or permitted sublessees or
 Lessee’s employees or visitors; (ii) the use of portions of the Premises
 for purposes requiring greater or more difficult cleaning work than normal
 office areas; (iii) interior glass partitions or unusual quantity of
 interior glass surfaces, and (iv) non-building standard materials or
 finishes installed by Lessee or at its request; (b) removal from the
 Premises and the Building of any refuse and rubbish of Lessee in excess of
 that ordinarily accumulated in business office occupancy or at times other
 than Lessor’s standard cleaning times; and (c) the use of the Premises by
 Lessee other than during business hours on business days.

3.
 Normal, customary and reasonable office heat and air conditioning on
 Monday through Friday, except holidays, from 6:00 A.M. until 6:00 P.M. and
 Saturdays, from 7:00 a.m. to 12:00 p.m. Any additional use after hours by
 Lessee will be charged back to the Lessee as Additional rent at the rate
 of Thirty- Five and NO/100 Dollars ($35.00) per hour. Lessee will have
 access to the Premises, the Building, and the parking facilities 24 hours
 per day, 7 days per week, and 52 weeks per year, but if such access
 results in additional cost or expense to Lessor, Lessee shall pay all such
 charges after written notice thereof subject so long as such access does
 not result in additional cost or expense to Lessor unless lessee pay same
 in advance. Computer Servers which create substantial heat are permitted
 in the form of one (1) server per suite. Servers may not be stacked. A
 freestanding air conditioner may not be installed to cool servers.


4.
 Normal, customary and reasonable bagged trash removal when deposited in
 designated locations.


5.
 A waste recycling program, if applicable. Lessee hereby agrees to
 cooperate and participate in any such program

B.
 If Lessee requires any additional service other than at the times or in
 the quantities provided above, Lessor, upon reasonable advance written
 request therefore by Lessee, may, but shall not be obligated to, furnish
 such additional service upon charges to be agreed upon by the Parties
 which shall, in no event, be less than Lessor’s cost therefore plus
 fifteen percent (15%) overhead. Such sums shall be Additional Rent
 hereunder payable monthly.

C.
 It is understood that Lessor does not warrant that any of the services
 referred to above, or any other services that Lessor may agree to supply,
 will be free from interruption, and Lessee acknowledges that one or more
 of such service may be suspended by reason of accident or of repairs,
 alterations or improvements being made, or by strikes or lockouts, or by
 reason of operation of law, or causes beyond the control of Lessor. No
 such interruption or discontinuance of service shall be deemed an eviction
 or disturbance of Lessee’s use or possession of the Premises, or render
 Lessor liable to Lessee for damages or abatement of rent or otherwise, or
 relieve Lessee from performance of Lessee’s obligations hereunder.
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, if, as a result of Lessor’s gross
 negligence, there is an interruption of service for more than thirty (30)
 days, there shall either be an abatement or an equitable reduction in rent
 based upon the extent such interruption of service prohibits Lessee from
 conducting Lessee’s business, as reasonably determined by Lessor.

D.
 Lessee’s use of electrical energy in the Premises shall not, at any time,
 exceed the capacity of any of the electrical conductors and equipment in
 or otherwise serving the Premises. In order to ensure that such capacity
 is not exceeded and to avert possible adverse effects upon the Building’s
 electric service, Lessee shall not, without Lessor’s prior written consent
 in each instance, connect major equipment to the Building, electric
 distribution system, telephone system or make any alteration or addition
 to the electric system of the Premises existing on the Commencement Date.
 Lessee’s electrical usage under this Lease contemplates only the use of
 normal and customary office equipment. In the event Lessee installs any
 office equipment which uses substantial additional amounts of electricity,
 then Lessee agrees that Lessor’s written consent is required before the
 installation of such additional office equipment.





------------------------------------------------------------------------

56.
 GREEN BUILDING PROVISIONS: Lessor shall have the option of adopting
 certain uses and practices for environmental or green standards,
 including, but not limited to, LEED certifications. Lessee agrees to
 cooperate and participate in any such programs after written notice to
 Lessee.

57.
 MUTUAL AGREEMENT: This Lease is the result of a negotiated transaction
 between the respective parties and interpretation and construction of this
 Lease shall not be construed against the drafter.

58.
 CONFIDENTIALITY. Lessee agrees not to disclose any of the terms or
 provisions of this Lease to other present or future tenants or prospective
 tenants of the Building, or to any third party without Lessor’s express
 written consent, excluding Lessee’s professionals (i.e., attorneys and
 accountants) who require knowledge thereof in furtherance of Lessee’s bona
 fide business and legal interests.

59.
 SPECIAL PROVISION. This Lease is contingent upon execution of a Lease
 Termination Agreement between Lessor and Allen West Foundation, the
 current tenant in possession of Suite 2050. If such agreement is not
 executed by Lessor and Allen West Foundation prior to July 31, 2014, or
 Allen West Foundation fails to vacate the Premises by August 1, 2014, this
 Lease shall be void and of no force and effect.

60.
 TERMINATION OF EXISTING LEASE. That subject to the provisions of Section
 59 above, upon execution hereof, and possession of the Premises, the lease
 for 6400 Congress Avenue, Suites 1200 and 2250, Boca Raton, Florida 33487
 shall be deemed terminated, and of no further force and effect and
 possession of same shall be retendered to Lessor on August 1, 2014.

 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Lease effective
 as of the day and date set forth above.

Signed and delivered in presence of:
 
LESSOR:
 
 
 
 
 
 
OIII Realty Limited Partnership
 
 
By: OIII Realty, LLC, general partner
 
 
 
 
 
 

By:

/s/ KC
(As to Lessor)
 
 
Kamala R. Chapman, Manager
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(Partnership Seal)
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
LESSEE:
 
 
 
Bright Mountain Holdings, Inc.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

By:

/s/ Annette Casacci
(As to Lessee)
 
 
Annette Casacci, CFO
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(Corporate Seal)









------------------------------------------------------------------------

EXHIBIT A
LEGAL DESCRIPTION

 A parcel of land being a portion of Parcel “1”, of A REPLAT OF A PORTION
 OF ARVIDA PARK OF COMMERCE PLAT NO. 14, as recorded in Plat Book 60, Pages
 72 and 73 of the Public Records of Palm Beach County, Florida being in
 Section, 6, Township 47 South, Range 43 East, City of Boca Raton, Palm
 Beach county, Florida being more particularly described in that Special
 Warranty Deed recorded in Official Records Book 9505, Page 128 of the
 Records of Palm Beach County, Florida.

 Parcel Control No.: 06-43-47-06-14-001-0020








------------------------------------------------------------------------

Exhibit B
Rules & Regulations
(Subject to modification by Lessor from time to time)

1.
 The sidewalks, halls, passages, exits, entrances, elevators, escalators
 and stairways shall not be obstructed by Lessee or used for any purpose
 other than the ingress and egress from its Premises. The halls, passages,
 exits, entrances, elevators and stairways are not for the use of the
 general public and Lessor shall in all cases retain the right to control
 and prevent access thereto by all persons whose presence, in the judgment
 of Lessor, shall be prejudicial to the safety, character, reputation and
 interests of the Building and its tenants, provided that nothing herein
 contained shall be construed to prevent such access to persons with whom
 Lessee normally deals in the ordinary course of Lessee's business unless
 such persons are engaged in illegal activities. Lessee shall not go upon
 the roof of the Building.

2.
 The bulletin board or directory of the Building will be provided
 exclusively for the display of the name and location of tenants and Lessor
 reserves the right to exclude any other names therefrom.

3.
 No curtains, draperies, blinds, shutters, shades, screens or other
 coverings, awnings, hangings or decorations shall be attached to, hung or
 placed in, or used in conjunction with, any window or door on the Premises
 without the prior written consent of Lessor. In any event, all such items
 shall be installed inboard of Lessor's standard window covering and shall
 in no way be visible from the exterior of the Building. No articles shall
 be placed on the window sills so as to be visible from the exterior of the
 Building. No articles shall be placed against glass partitions or doors
 which might appear unsightly from outside Lessee's Premises.

4.
 Lessor reserves the right to exclude from the Building between the hours
 of 6:00 p.m. and 6:00 a.m. weekdays, and at all hours on Saturdays,
 Sundays, and holidays all persons who are not tenants or their accompanied
 guests. Lessee shall be responsible for all persons it allows to enter the
 Building and shall be liable to Lessor for all acts of such persons.
 Lessor shall in no case be liable for damages for error with regard to the
 admission or exclusion of any person from the Building. During the
 continuance of any invasion, mob, riot, public excitement or other
 circumstances rendering such action advisable in Lessor's opinion, Lessor
 reserves the right to prevent access to the Building by closing the doors
 , or otherwise, for the safety of tenants and protection of the Building
 and property in the Building.

5.
 Lessee shall have the right to employ any person or persons other than
 Lessor’s janitor for the purpose of cleaning its Premises. With the
 written consent of Lessor no persons other than those approved by Lessor
 shall be permitted to enter the building for the purpose of cleaning same
 . Lessee shall not cause any unnecessary labor by reason of its
 carelessness or indifference in the preservation of good order and
 cleanliness. Lessor shall in no way be responsible to Lessee for any loss
 of property on its Premises however occurring, or for any damage done to
 the effects of Lessee by the janitor or any other employee or any other
 person.

6.
 Lessee shall not use upon its Premises vending machines or accept
 barbering or boot blacking services in its Premises except from persons
 authorized by Lessor.

7.
 Lessee shall see that all doors to its Premises are securely locked and
 that all utilities, water faucets or water apparatus are shut off before
 Lessee leaves the Premises, so as to prevent waste or damage, and shall be
 responsible for all injuries sustained by other tenants or occupants of
 the Building or Lessor as a result of its failure to do so. Lessees shall
 keep the door or doors to the Building corridors closed at all times
 except for ingress and egress.

8.
 Lessee shall not waste electricity, water or air conditioning and agrees
 to cooperate fully with Lessor to assure the most effective operation of
 the Building's heating and air conditioning, and shall refrain from
 attempting to adjust any controls.

9.
 Lessee shall not alter any lock or access device or install a new or
 additional lock or access device or any bolt on any door in its Premises
 without prior written consent of Lessor. If Lessor shall give its consent,
 Lessee shall in each case furnish Lessor with a key for any such lock.

10.
 Lessee shall not make or have made additional copies of any keys or access
 devices provided by Lessor. Lessee, upon the termination of the tenancy,
 shall deliver to Lessor all the keys or access devices for the Building,
 offices, rooms and toilet rooms which shall have been furnished Lessee or
 which Lessee shall have had made. In the event of the loss of any keys or
 access devices so furnished by Lessor, Lessee shall pay Lessor therefor.





------------------------------------------------------------------------

11.
 The toilet rooms, toilets, urinals, wash bowls and other apparatus shall
 not be used for any purpose other than that for which they were
 constructed and no foreign substance of any kind whatsoever, including,
 but not limited to, coffee grounds shall be thrown therein, and the
 expense of any breakage, stoppage, or damage resulting from the violation
 of this rule shall be borne by the tenant, who, or whose employees or
 invitees, shall have caused it.

12.
 Lessee shall not keep in the Building any kerosene, gasoline or
 inflammable or combustible fluid or materials other than limited
 quantities necessary for the operation or maintenance of office equipment.
 Lessee shall not use any method of heating or air conditioning other than
 that supplied by Lessor.

13.
 Lessee shall not permit to be kept in its Premises any foul or noxious gas
 or substance or permit its Premises to be used in a manner offensive or
 objectionable to Lessor or other occupants of the Building by reason of
 noise, odors and/or vibrations or interfere in any way with other tenants
 or those having business therein, nor shall any animals or birds be
 brought or kept in or about the Building.

14.
 No cooking shall be done in the Premises (except that use by the Lessee of
 Underwriter's Laboratory approved equipment for the warming up or
 reheating food by way of a microwave or toaster oven and the preparation
 of coffee, tea, hot chocolate and similar beverages for Lessee and its
 employees shall be permitted, provided that such equipment and use is in
 accordance with applicable federal, state and city laws, codes,
 ordinances, rules and regulations) nor shall the Premises be used for
 lodging

15.
 Lessee shall not sell or permit the sale, at retail, of newspapers,
 magazines, periodicals, theater tickets or any other goods on the Premises
 , nor shall Lessee carry on, or permit the business of stenography,
 typewriting or any csimilar business in or from the Premises for the
 service or accommodation of occupants of any other portion of the
 Building, nor shall the Premises be used for the storage of merchandise,
 manufacturing of any kind, the business of a public barber shop, or beauty
 parlor, or for any business activity other than that specifically provided
 for in Lessee's lease.

16.
 Lessor will direct electricians as to where and how telephone, telegraph
 and electrical wires are to be introduced or installed. No boring or
 cutting for wires will be allowed without the prior written consent of
 Lessor. The location of burglar alarms, telephones, call boxes or other
 office equipment affixed to the Premises shall be subject to the written
 approval of Lessor which will not be unreasonably withheld.

17.
 Lessee shall not install any radio or television antenna, loudspeaker or
 any other device on the exterior walls or the roof of the Building. 
 Lessee shall not interfere with radio or television broadcasting or
 reception from or in the Building.

18.
 Lessee shall not lay linoleum, tile, carpet or any other floor covering so
 that the same shall be affixed to the floor of its Premises in any manner
 except as approved in writing by Lessor. The expense of repairing any
 damage resulting from a violation of this rule of the removal of any floor
 covering shall be borne by Lessee.

19.
 No furniture, freight, equipment, materials, supplies, packages,
 merchandise or other property will be received in the Building or carried
 up or down elevators except between such hours and in such elevators as
 shall be designed by Lessor. Lessor shall have the right to prescribe the
 weight, size and position of all safes, furniture, files, bookcases or
 other heavy equipment brought into the Building. Safes or other heavy
 objects shall, if considered necessary by Lessor, stand on wood strips of
 such thickness as determined by Lessor to be necessary to properly
 distribute the weight thereof. Lessor will not be responsible for loss of
 or damage to any such safe, equipment or property from any cause, and all
 damage done to the Building by moving or maintaining any such safe,
 equipment or other property shall be repaired at the expense of Lessee.

 Business machines and mechanical equipment belonging to Lessee which cau
 se noise or vibration that may be transmitted to the structure of the
 Building or to any space therein to such a degree as to objectionable to
 Lessor or any tenants in the Building shall be placed and maintained by
 Lessee, at Lessee's expense, on vibration eliminators or other devices
 sufficient to eliminate noise or vibration. The persons employed to move
 such equipment in or out of the Building must be acceptable by Lessor.

20.
 Lessee shall not place a load upon any floor which exceeds the load per
 square foot which such floor was designed to carry and which is allowed by
 law. Lessee shall not mark, or drive nails, screws or drills into, the
 partitions, woodwork or plaster (except for the hanging of pictures and
 decorations) or in any way deface the Premises.





------------------------------------------------------------------------

21.
 There shall not be used in any space, or in the public areas of the
 Building, either by Lessee or others, any hand trucks except those
 equipped with rubber tires and side guards or such other material-handling
 equipment as Lessor may approve. No other vehicles of any kind shall be
 brought by Lessee into or kept in or about the Premises.

22.
 Lessee shall store all its trash and garbage within the interior of its
 Premises. No materials shall be placed in the trash boxes or receptacles
 if such material is of such nature that it may not be disposed of in the
 ordinary and customary manner of removing and disposing of trash and
 garbage in this area without violation of any law or ordinance governing
 such disposal shall be made only through entryways and elevators provided
 for such purposes and at such times as Lessor may designate.

23.
 Canvassing, soliciting or distributing of handbills or any other written
 material and peddling in the Building are prohibited and Lessee shall
 cooperate to prevent the same. Lessee shall not make room-to-room
 solicitation of business from other tenants in the Building.

24.
 Lessor reserves the right to exclude or expel from the Building any person
 who, in Lessor's judgment, is intoxicated or under the influence of liquor
 or drugs or who is in violation of any of the rules and regulations at the
 Building.

25.
 Without the prior written consent of Lessor, Lessee shall not use the name
 of the Building in connection with the business of Lessee except as
 Lessee's address.

26.
 Lessee shall comply with all energy conservation, safety, fire protection
 and evacuation procedures and regulations established by Lessor or any
 governmental agency.

27.
 Lessee assumes any and all responsibility for protecting its Premises from
 theft, robbery and pilferage.

28.
 The requirements of Lessee will be attended to only upon application at
 the office of the Building by an authorized individual. Employees of
 Lessor shall not perform any work or do anything outside of their regular
 duties unless given special instructions from Lessor, and no such
 employees will admit any person (Lessee or otherwise) to any office
 without specific instructions from Lessor.

29.
 Lessor may waive any one or more of these Rules and Regulations for the
 benefit of any particular Lessee, but no such waiver by Lessor shall be
 construed as a waiver of such Rules and Regulations in favor of any other
 Lessee, nor prevent Lessor from thereafter enforcing any such Rules and
 Regulations against any or all tenants of the Building.

30.
 Lessor reserves the right to make such other reasonable rules and
 regulation as in its judgment may from time to time be needed for safety
 and security, for care and cleanliness of the Building and for the
 preservation of good order therein. Lessee agrees to abide by all such
 Rules and Regulations hereinabove stated and any additional rules and
 regulations which are adopted so long as such additional Rules and
 Regulations are reasonable and thirty (30) days prior written notice of
 such additional Rules and Regulations are provided to Lessee.

31
 All wallpaper or vinyl fabric materials which Lessee may install on
 painted walls shall be applied with a strippable adhesive. The use of
 nonstrippable adhesives will cause damage to the walls when materials are
 removed, and repairs made necessary thereby shall be made by Lessor at
 Lessee's expense.

32.
 Lessee shall provide and maintain hard surface protective mats under all
 desk chairs which are equipped with coasters to avoid excessive wear and
 tear to carpeting. If Lessee fails to provide such mats, the cost of
 carpet repair of replacement made necessary by such excessive wear and
 tear shall be charged to and paid by Lessee.

33.
 Lessee will refer all contractors, contractors' representatives and
 installation technicians rendering any service to Lessee to Lessor for
 Lessor's supervision, approval, and control before performance of any
 contractual service. This provision shall apply to all work performed in
 the Building, including installations of telephones, telegraph equipment,
 electrical devices and attachments and installations of any nature
 affecting floors, walls, woodwork, trim, windows ceilings, equipment or
 any other physical portion of the Building.





------------------------------------------------------------------------

34.
 Lessee shall give prompt notice to Lessor of any accidents to or defects
 in plumbing, electrical fixtures, or heating apparatus so that such
 accidents or defects may be attended to properly.


35.
 Lessee shall be responsible for the observance of all of the forgoing
 Rules and Regulations by Lessee’s employees, agents, clients, invitees and
 guests.

36.
 Lessee shall not allow its employees or invitees to park in other than
 designated areas, nor shall any washing of cars or car repairs be
 permitted in any parking areas, nor shall overnight parking be permitted,
 nor shall commercial trucks be allowed in the parking areas other than in
 designated delivery areas.

37.
 Other than for single-trip usages, Lessee shall make reservations for use
 of any elevators, which shall be accepted by Lessor on a first-come,
 first-serve basis.

38.
 These rules and Regulations are in addition to, and shall not be construed
 to in any way modify, alter or amend, in whole or in part, the terms
 covenants, agreements and conditions of any lease of premises in the
 Building.





------------------------------------------------------------------------

EXHIBIT C

 [[bmaq_ex10z26002.gif]]




