 EX-10.3 10 s100441_ex10-3.htm EX-10.3
 
Exhibit 10.3

SHARE ESCROW AGREEMENT
 
SHARE ESCROW AGREEMENT, dated as of ___________, 2014 (“Agreement”), by and 
among CB PHARMA ACQUISITION CORP., a Cayman Islands Company (“Company”), 
Coronado Biosciences, Inc., ADAM J. CHILL, ARTHUR A. KORNBLUTH and NEIL 
HERSKOWITZ (collectively “Initial Shareholders”) and CONTINENTAL STOCK 
TRANSFER & TRUST COMPANY, a New York corporation (“Escrow Agent”).
 
WHEREAS, the Company has entered into an Underwriting Agreement, dated as 
of ________, 2014 (“Underwriting Agreement”), with EarlyBirdCapital, Inc. 
(“EBC”) acting as representative of the several underwriters (collectively, 
the “Underwriters”), pursuant to which, among other matters, the 
Underwriters have agreed to purchase 4,000,000 units (“Units”) of the 
Company, plus an additional 600,000 Units if the Underwriters exercise 
their over-allotment option in full. Each Unit consists of one ordinary 
share of the Company, par value $0.0001 per share (“Ordinary Share”), one 
right (“Right”) to receive one-tenth of one Ordinary Share upon the 
Company’s initial business combination (as described in the Registration 
Statement, hereinafter a “Business Combination”), and one warrant 
(“Warrant”) to purchase one half of one Ordinary Share of the Company, all 
as more fully described in the Company’s final Prospectus, dated 
__________, 2014 (“Prospectus”), comprising part of the Company’s 
Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-199558) under the 
Securities Act of 1933, as amended (“Registration Statement”), declared 
effective on __________, 2014 (“Effective Date”).
 
WHEREAS, the Initial Shareholders have agreed as a condition of the sale of 
the Units to deposit their Ordinary Shares of the Company, as set forth 
opposite their respective names in Exhibit A attached hereto (collectively 
“Escrow Shares”), in escrow as hereinafter provided.
 
WHEREAS, the Company and the Initial Shareholders desire that the Escrow 
Agent accept the Escrow Shares, in escrow, to be held and disbursed as 
hereinafter provided.
 
IT IS AGREED:
 
	1.         	Appointment of Escrow Agent. The Company and the Initial 
Shareholders hereby appoint the Escrow Agent to act in accordance with and 
subject to the terms of this Agreement and the Escrow Agent hereby accepts 
such appointment and agrees to act in accordance with and subject to such 
terms.
 
	2.          	Deposit of Escrow Shares. On the Effective Date, certificates 
representing each Initial Shareholder’s respective Escrow Shares (and any 
applicable share power) shall be placed in escrow, to be held and disbursed 
subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement. Each Initial 
Shareholder acknowledges that the certificate representing such Initial 
Shareholder’s Escrow Shares will be legended to reflect the deposit of such 
Escrow Shares under this Agreement.
 

 

 

 
	3.         	Disbursement of the Escrow Shares.
 
3.1         	The Escrow Agent shall hold the Escrow Shares during the 
period (the “Escrow Period”) commencing on the date hereof and (i) for 50% 
of the Escrow Shares, ending on the earlier of (x) one year after the date 
of the consummation of the Company’s initial Business Combination and (y) 
the date on which the closing sale price of the Company’s Ordinary Shares 
equals or exceeds $12.50 per share (as adjusted for share splits, share 
dividends, reorganizations and recapitalizations) for any 20 trading days 
within any 30-trading day period commencing after the Company’s initial 
Business Combination and (ii) for the remaining 50% of the Escrow Shares, 
ending one year after the date of the consummation of an initial Business 
Combination; provided, however, that if, subsequent to the Company’s 
consummation of an initial Business Combination, the Company (or the 
surviving entity) subsequently consummates a liquidation, merger, share 
exchange or other similar transaction which results in all of the 
shareholders of such entity having the right to exchange their Ordinary 
Shares for cash, securities or other property, then the Escrow Agent will, 
upon receipt of a notice executed by the Chairman of the Board, Chief 
Executive Officer or other authorized officer of the Company, in form 
reasonably acceptable to the Escrow Agent, certifying that such transaction 
is then being consummated, release the Escrow Shares then held by it to the 
Initial Shareholders. The Company shall promptly provide notice of the 
consummation of an initial Business Combination to the Escrow Agent. Upon 
completion of the Escrow Period, the Escrow Agent shall disburse such 
amount of each Initial Shareholder’s Escrow Shares (and any applicable 
share power) to such Initial Shareholder; provided, however, that if the 
Escrow Agent is notified by the Company pursuant to Section 6.7 hereof that 
the Company is being liquidated at any time during the Escrow Period, then 
the Escrow Agent shall promptly destroy the certificates representing the 
Escrow Shares. The Escrow Agent shall have no further duties hereunder 
after the disbursement or destruction of the Escrow Shares in accordance 
with this Section 3.
 
3.2         	Notwithstanding Section 3.1, if the Underwriters do not 
exercise their over-allotment option to purchase an additional 600,000 
Units of the Company in full within 45 days of the date of the Prospectus 
(as described in the Underwriting Agreement), Coronado Biosciences, Inc. 
agrees that the Escrow Agent shall return to the Company for cancellation, 
at no cost, the number of Escrow Shares held by Coronado Biosciences, Inc. 
determined by multiplying the product of (i) 150,000 by (ii) a fraction, 
the numerator of which is 600,000 minus the number of Ordinary Shares 
purchased by the Underwriters upon the exercise of their over-allotment 
option, and the denominator of which is 600,000. The Company shall promptly 
provide notice to the Escrow Agent of the expiration or termination of the 
Underwriters’ over-allotment option and the number of Units, if any, 
purchased by the Underwriters in connection with their exercise thereof.
 
	4.         	Rights of Initial Shareholders in Escrow Shares.
 
4.1         	Voting Rights as a Shareholder. Subject to the terms of the 
Insider Letters described in Section 4.4 hereof and except as herein 
provided, the Initial Shareholders shall retain all of their rights as 
shareholders of the Company during the Escrow Period, including, without 
limitation, the right to vote such shares.
 

2

 

 
4.2         	Dividends and Other Distributions in Respect of the Escrow 
Shares. During the Escrow Period, all dividends payable in cash with 
respect to the Escrow Shares shall be paid to the Initial Shareholders, but 
all dividends payable in shares or other non-cash property (“Non-Cash 
Dividends”) shall be delivered to the Escrow Agent to hold in accordance 
with the terms hereof. As used herein, the term “Escrow Shares” shall be 
deemed to include the Non-Cash Dividends distributed thereon, if any.
 
4.3         	Restrictions on Transfer. During the Escrow Period, the only 
permitted transfers of the Escrow Shares will be (i) if the Initial 
Shareholder is an entity, as a distribution to partners, members or 
shareholders of the Initial Shareholder upon the liquidation and 
dissolution of the Initial Shareholder, (ii) by bona fide gift to a member 
of the Initial Shareholder’s immediate family or to a trust, the 
beneficiary of which is the Initial Shareholder or a member of the Initial 
Shareholder’s immediate family for estate planning purposes, (iii) by 
virtue of the laws of descent and distribution upon death of the Initial 
Holder, (iv) pursuant to a qualified domestic relations order, (v) by 
certain pledges to secure obligations incurred in connection with purchases 
of the Company’s securities, (vi) by private sales at prices no greater 
than the price at which the Escrow Shares were originally purchased or 
(vii) to the Company for cancellation as set forth in Section 3.2 hereof or 
in connection with the consummation of a Business Combination, in each 
case, except for clause (vii), on the condition that such transfers may be 
implemented only upon the respective transferee’s written agreement to be 
bound by the terms and conditions of this Agreement and of the Insider 
Letter (as defined below) signed by the Initial Shareholder transferring 
the Escrow Shares.
 
4.4         	Insider Letters. Each of the Initial Shareholders has executed 
a letter agreement with EBC and the Company, dated as indicated on Exhibit 
A hereto, and the form of which is filed as an exhibit to the Registration 
Statement (“Insider Letter”), respecting the rights and obligations of such 
Initial Shareholder in certain events, including but not limited to the 
liquidation of the Company.
 
	5.         	Concerning the Escrow Agent.
 
5.1         	Good Faith Reliance. The Escrow Agent shall not be liable for 
any action taken or omitted by it in good faith and in the exercise of its 
own best judgment, and may rely conclusively and shall be protected in 
acting upon any order, notice, demand, certificate, opinion or advice of 
counsel (including counsel chosen by the Escrow Agent), statement, 
instrument, report or other paper or document (not only as to its due 
execution and the validity and effectiveness of its provisions, but also as 
to the truth and acceptability of any information therein contained) which 
is believed by the Escrow Agent to be genuine and to be signed or presented 
by the proper person or persons. The Escrow Agent shall not be bound by any 
notice or demand, or any waiver, modification, termination or rescission of 
this Agreement unless evidenced by a writing delivered to the Escrow Agent 
signed by the proper party or parties and, if the duties or rights of the 
Escrow Agent are affected, unless it shall have given its prior written 
consent thereto.
 

3

 

 
5.2         	Indemnification. The Escrow Agent shall be indemnified and 
held harmless by the Company from and against any expenses, including 
counsel fees and disbursements, or loss suffered by the Escrow Agent in 
connection with any action, suit or other proceeding involving any claim 
which in any way, directly or indirectly, arises out of or relates to this 
Agreement, the services of the Escrow Agent hereunder, or the Escrow Shares 
held by it hereunder, other than expenses or losses arising from the gross 
negligence or willful misconduct of the Escrow Agent. Promptly after the 
receipt by the Escrow Agent of notice of any demand or claim or the 
commencement of any action, suit or proceeding, the Escrow Agent shall 
notify the other parties hereto in writing. In the event of the receipt of 
such notice, the Escrow Agent, in its sole discretion, may commence an 
action in the nature of interpleader in an appropriate court to determine 
ownership or disposition of the Escrow Shares or it may deposit the Escrow 
Shares with the clerk of any appropriate court or it may retain the Escrow 
Shares pending receipt of a final, non appealable order of a court having 
jurisdiction over all of the parties hereto directing to whom and under 
what circumstances the Escrow Shares are to be disbursed and delivered. The 
provisions of this Section 5.2 shall survive in the event the Escrow Agent 
resigns or is discharged pursuant to Sections 5.5 or 5.6 below.
 
5.3         Compensation. The Escrow Agent shall be entitled to reasonable 
compensation from the Company for all services rendered by it hereunder. 
The Escrow Agent shall also be entitled to reimbursement from the Company 
for all expenses paid or incurred by it in the administration of its duties 
hereunder including, but not limited to, all counsel, advisors’ and agents’ 
fees and disbursements and all taxes or other governmental charges.
 
5.4         	Further Assurances. From time to time on and after the date 
hereof, the Company and the Initial Shareholders shall deliver or cause to 
be delivered to the Escrow Agent such further documents and instruments and 
shall do or cause to be done such further acts as the Escrow Agent shall 
reasonably request to carry out more effectively the provisions and 
purposes of this Agreement, to evidence compliance herewith or to assure 
itself that it is protected in acting hereunder.
 
5.5         	Resignation. The Escrow Agent may resign at any time and be 
discharged from its duties as escrow agent hereunder by its giving the 
other parties hereto written notice and such resignation shall become 
effective as hereinafter provided. Such resignation shall become effective 
at such time that the Escrow Agent shall turn over to a successor escrow 
agent appointed by the Company, the Escrow Shares held hereunder. If no new 
escrow agent is so appointed within the 60 day period following the giving 
of such notice of resignation, the Escrow Agent may deposit the Escrow 
Shares with any court it reasonably deems appropriate.
 
5.6         	Discharge of Escrow Agent. The Escrow Agent shall resign and 
be discharged from its duties as escrow agent hereunder if so requested in 
writing at any time by the other parties hereto, jointly, provided, 
however, that such resignation shall become effective only upon acceptance 
of appointment by a successor escrow agent as provided in Section 5.5.
 

4

 

 
5.7         	Liability. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, 
the Escrow Agent shall not be relieved from liability hereunder for its own 
gross negligence or its own willful misconduct.
 
5.8         	Waiver. The Escrow Agent hereby waives any right of set-off or 
any other right, title, interest or claim of any kind (“Claim”) in, or to 
any distribution of, the Trust Account (as defined in that certain 
Investment Management Trust Agreement, dated as of the date hereof, by and 
between the Company and the Escrow Agent as trustee thereunder) and hereby 
agrees not to seek recourse, reimbursement, payment or satisfaction for any 
Claim against the Trust Account for any reason whatsoever.
 
	6.         	Miscellaneous.
 
6.1         	Governing Law; Jurisdiction. In connection with Section 5-1401 
of the General Obligations Law of the State of New York, this Agreement 
shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the 
State of New York without regard to principles of conflicts of law that 
would result in the application of the substantive law of another 
jurisdiction. The parties hereto agree that any action, proceeding or claim 
arising out of or relating in any way to this Agreement shall be resolved 
through final and biding arbitration in accordance with the International 
Arbitration Rules of the American Arbitration Association (“AAA”). The 
arbitration shall be brought before the AAA International Center for 
Dispute Resolution’s offices in New York City, New York, will be conducted 
in English and will be decided by a panel of three arbitrators selected 
from the AAA Commercial Disputes Panel and that the arbitrator panel’s 
decision shall be final and enforceable by any court having jurisdiction 
over the party from whom enforcement is sought. The cost of such 
arbitrators and arbitration services, together with the prevailing party’s 
legal fees and expenses, shall be borne by the non-prevailing party or as 
otherwise directed by the arbitrators. The Company hereby appoints, without 
power of revocation, Graubard Miller 405 Lexington Avenue New York, New 
York 10174 Fax No.: (212) 818-8881 Attn: David Alan Miller, Esq., as their 
respective agent to accept and acknowledge on its behalf service of any and 
all process which may be served in any arbitration, action, proceeding or 
counterclaim in any way relating to or arising out of this Agreement. The 
Company further agrees to take any and all action as may be necessary to 
maintain such designation and appointment of such agent in full force and 
effect for a period of seven years from the date of this Agreement. This 
Agreement may be executed in several original or facsimile counterparts, 
each one of which shall constitute an original, and together shall 
constitute but one instrument.
 
6.2         	Third Party Beneficiaries. Each of the Initial Shareholders 
hereby acknowledges that the Underwriters are third party beneficiaries of 
this Agreement and this Agreement may not be modified or changed without 
the prior written consent of EBC.
 
6.3         	Entire Agreement. This Agreement contains the entire agreement 
of the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof and, except 
as expressly provided herein, may not be changed or modified except by an 
instrument in writing signed by the party to the charged.
 

5

 

 
6.4         	Headings. The headings contained in this Agreement are for 
reference purposes only and shall not affect in any way the meaning or 
interpretation thereof.
 
6.5         	Binding Effect. This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure 
to the benefit of the respective parties hereto and their legal 
representatives, successors and assigns.
 
6.6         	Notices. Any notice or other communication required or which 
may be given hereunder shall be in writing and either be delivered 
personally or be mailed, certified or registered mail, or by private 
national courier service, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, and 
shall be deemed given when so delivered personally or, if mailed, two days 
after the date of mailing, as follows:
 
If to the Company, to:
 
            CB Pharma Acquisition Corp.
            24 New England Executive Park, Suite 105
            Burlington, Massachusetts 01803
        Attn: Chief Executive Officer
 
If to a Shareholder, to his address set forth in Exhibit A.
 
and if to the Escrow Agent, to:
 
Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company
17 Battery Place
New York, New York 10004
Attn: Chairman
 
A copy of any notice sent hereunder shall be sent to:
 
        EarlyBirdCapital, Inc.
        275 Madison Avenue, 27th Floor
        New York, New York 10016
        Attn: David M. Nussbaum, Chairman
         
and:
 
            Graubard Miller
            The Chrysler Building
            405 Lexington Avenue
            New York, New York 10174
            Attn: David Alan Miller, Esq.
 

6

 

 
and:
 
            McDermott Will & Emery LLP
            340 Madison Avenue
            New York, New York 10173-1922
        Attn: Robert H. Cohen, Esq.
 
The parties may change the persons and addresses to which the notices or 
other communications are to be sent by giving written notice to any such 
change in the manner provided herein for giving notice.
 
6.7          	Liquidation of the Company. The Company shall give the Escrow 
Agent written notification of the liquidation and dissolution of the 
Company in the event that the Company fails to consummate a Business 
Combination within the time period specified in the Prospectus.
 
[Signature Page Follows]
 

7

 

 
WITNESS the execution of this Agreement as of the date first above written.
 
  	  	COMPANY: 	 
  	  	  	 
  	  	CB PHARMA ACQUISITION CORP. 	 
  	  	  	 
  	By: 	  	 
  	  	Name: 	 
  	  	Title: 	 
  	  	  	 
  	  	INITIAL SHAREHOLDERS: 	 
  	  	  	 
  	  	  	 
  	  	ADAM J. CHILL 	 
  	  	  	 
  	  	  	 
  	  	ARTHUR A. KORNBLUTH 	 
  	  	  	 
  	  	  	 
  	  	NEIL HERSKOWITZ 	 
  	  	  	 
  	  	Coronado Biosciences, Inc. 	 
  	  	  	 
  	  	  	 
  	  	By: 	 
  	  	Title: 	 
  	  	  	 
  	  	ESCROW AGENT: 	 
  	  	  	 
  	  	CONTINENTAL STOCK TRANSFER 	 
  	  	  & TRUST COMPANY 	 
  	  	  	 
  	By: 	  	 
  	  	Name: Monty Harry 	 
  	  	Title: Vice President 	 
 
 

8

 

 
EXHIBIT A
 
Name and Address of 
Initial Shareholder     
  	
Number
of Shares
  	
Share
Certificate
Number
  	
Date of 
Insider Letter
  	  	  	  	  	  	 
Adam J. Chill 	  	10,000 	  	1 	  	________, 2014
  	  	  	  	  	  	 
Arthur A. Kornbluth 	  	10,000 	  	2 	  	________, 2014
  	  	  	  	  	  	 
Neil Herskowitz 	  	10,000 	  	3 	  	________, 2014
  	  	  	  	  	  	 
Coronado Biosciences, Inc. 	  	1,120,000 	  	4 	  	________, 2014
 

 

 