 EX-10.29 2 a20140630ex1029.htm EXHIBIT 10.29
EXECUTION COPY        






------------------------------------------------------------------------

                        PURCHASE AGREEMENT



------------------------------------------------------------------------
among



PRECISION CASTPARTS CORP.



THIXOFORMING LLC



and



ADVANCED FORMING TECHNOLOGY, INC.



April 7, 2014









------------------------------------------------------------------------



Article 1
PURCHASE AND SALE
1

1.1

Definitions
1

1.2

Purchase and Sale
1

1.3

Purchase Price
1

1.4

Closing
1

1.5

Closing Deliveries
1

1.6

Operating Cash
2

1.7

Post-Closing Payment
2

Article 2
REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF SELLER
4

2.1

Existence; Authority
4

2.2

Capitalization
4

2.3

No Adverse Consequences
4

2.4

Litigation
5

2.5

Compliance with Laws
5

2.6

Absence of Certain Changes
5

2.7

Real Property
7

2.8

Assets
7

2.9

Certain Contracts and Arrangements
8

2.10

Taxes
8

2.11

Reference Financial Statements
9

2.12

Environmental Conditions
9

2.13

Intellectual Property
10

2.14

Brokers and Finders
10

2.15

Inventory
11

2.16

Accounts Receivable
11

2.17

Powers of Attorney
11

2.18

Insurance
11

2.19

Employees
11

2.20

Employee Benefits
12

2.21

Customers and Suppliers
13

2.22

Certain Business Relationships With Affiliates
14

2.23

Books and Records
14

2.24

No Undisclosed Material Liabilities
14

2.25

Product Liability
14

2.26

Permits and Licenses
15

2.27

Disclaimer of Other Representations and Warranties
15

Article 3
REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF BUYER
15

3.1

Existence
15

3.2

Authorization and Binding Obligation
15

3.3

Absence of Conflicting Agreements or Required Consents
15

3.4

Brokers and Finders
16

3.5

Litigation and Administrative Proceedings
16

3.6

Purchase for Investment
16



------------------------------------------------------------------------



3.7

Due Diligence Investigation
16

3.8

Disclaimer of Other Representations and Warranties
16

Article 4
POST-CLOSING COVENANTS
17

4.1

General
17

4.2

Litigation Support
17

4.3

Access to Information
17

4.4

Employee Matters
17

4.5

Medical and Dental Plan Coverage
18

4.6

Other Transition Services
19

4.7

Accounts
19

Article 5
TAX MATTERS
19

5.1

Returns and Payment of Taxes
19

5.2

Cooperation on Tax Matters
21

5.3

Transfer Taxes
21

5.4

Tax Refunds
21

Article 6
INDEMNIFICATION
22

6.1

Survival of Representations and Warranties
22

6.2

Indemnification by Seller
22

6.3

Indemnification by Buyer
23

6.4

Limits on Indemnification
23

6.5

Notice of Loss; Third Party Claims
24

6.6

Character of Indemnification Payments
25

6.7

Exclusive Remedy
25

Article 7
GENERAL PROVISIONS
25

7.1

Expenses
25

7.2

Confidentiality
25

7.3

Notices
26

7.4

Public Announcements; Use of Seller’s Name, Logo or Trade Dress
27

7.5

Severability
27

7.6

Entire Agreement
27

7.7

Assignment
27

7.8

Amendment
28

7.9

Waiver
28

7.10

No Third Party Beneficiaries
28

7.11

Specific Performance
28

7.12

Governing Law
28

7.13

Arbitration
28

7.14

Further Action
29

7.15

Counterparts; Facsimiles
29

Exhibit A
Definitions






------------------------------------------------------------------------


PURCHASE AGREEMENT


This PURCHASE AGREEMENT (this “Agreement”), dated as of April 7, 2014, is 
among Thixoforming LLC, a Colorado limited liability company (the “Company
”), Precision Castparts Corp., an Oregon corporation (“Seller”), and 
Advanced Forming Technology, Inc., a Colorado corporation (“Buyer”). Each 
of Seller, the Company and Buyer sometimes referred to herein as a “Party” 
and, collectively, as the “Parties”.


RECITALS


A.
The Company has settled all of its obligations to Seller and its 
Affiliates.
B.
Buyer wishes to purchase the Company. Seller wishes to transfer or cause to 
be transferred to Buyer all of its interest in the Company.
AGREEMENT


In consideration of the covenants and agreements contained herein and the 
other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which 
are hereby acknowledged, Company, Seller and Buyer agree as follows:

Article 1 
PURCHASE AND SALE


1.1
Definitions. Unless defined elsewhere in this Agreement, capitalized terms 
have the meaning set forth in Exhibit A. 
1.2
Purchase and Sale. Upon the terms and subject to the conditions of this 
Agreement, at the Closing, Seller shall sell, assign, transfer, convey and 
deliver to Buyer, and Buyer shall purchase and acquire, all right, title 
and interest in and to the Interest, in each case free and clear of any and 
all Encumbrances.
1.3
Purchase Price. The purchase price is equal to the Closing Net Book Value 
of the Company, as derived from the Closing Balance Sheet (the “Purchase 
Price”). At the Closing, Buyer shall pay the Estimated Purchase Price by 
wire transfer of immediately available funds to an account designated by 
Seller.
1.4
Closing. Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, the sale 
and purchase of the Interest contemplated by this Agreement will take place 
at a closing (the “Closing”) held at the offices of Stoel Rives LLP, 900 SW 
Fifth Avenue, Portland, Oregon concurrent with the signing of this 
Agreement. The Closing is deemed to have occurred at 12:01 a.m. Pacific 
time on the Closing Date.
1.5
Closing Deliveries.
      (a)
At the Closing, Seller shall deliver to Buyer (i) an Interest Assignment in 
a form mutually agreed upon between the Seller and Buyer (“Interest 
Assignment”) duly

1

------------------------------------------------------------------------


            signed by an officer of Seller, and (ii) evidence that the
            officers and directors of the Company have resigned or been
            removed from those positions on or before the Closing.


      (b)
At the Closing, Buyer shall deliver to Seller or cause to be delivered to 
Seller (i) an Interest Assignment duly signed by an officer of Buyer and 
(ii) the payoff letter in a form mutually agreed upon between the Seller 
and Buyer (the “Payoff Letter”) duly signed by an officer of ARC Group 
Worldwide, Inc. and payment of the amounts described therein by wire 
transfer of immediately available funds to an account designated by Seller.
1.6
Operating Cash. At Closing, the Company shall have not less than Ten 
Thousand Dollars ($10,000) in Acquired Company Cash.
1.7
Post-Closing Payment.
      (a)
Preparation of Closing Statement. Within five days after the Closing Date, 
Buyer shall deliver to Seller its proposed (i) Closing Balance Sheet, 
prepared in accordance with the Accounting Standards, (ii) calculation of 
Closing Net Book Value, derived from the Closing Balance Sheet and prepared 
consistent with the Closing Net Book Value Example, and (iii) Post-Closing 
Adjustment, each prepared in good faith. The “Post-Closing Adjustment” is 
an amount equal to Closing Net Book Value, as finally determined pursuant 
to this Section 1.7, minus the Estimated Purchase Price. If the 
Post-Closing Adjustment is a positive number, Buyer shall pay Seller an 
amount equal to the Post-Closing Adjustment in accordance with Section 
1.7(g). If the Post-Closing Adjustment is a negative number, Seller shall 
pay Buyer an amount equal to the Post-Closing Adjustment in accordance with 
Section 1.7(g).
      (b)
Examination. Seller will have ten days after receipt of the Closing 
Statement (the “Review Period”) to review the Closing Statement.
      (c)
Objection. On or before the last day of the Review Period, Seller may 
object to Buyer’s proposed Closing Balance Sheet, Closing Net Book Value, 
and Post-Closing Adjustment by delivering to Buyer a written statement 
setting forth Seller’s objections in reasonable detail, indicating each 
disputed item or amount and the basis for Seller’s disagreement (the “
Statement of Objections”). If Seller fails to deliver the Statement of 
Objections before the expiration of the Review Period, the proposed Closing 
Balance Sheet, Closing Net Book Value, and Post-Closing Adjustment 
reflected in the Closing Statement are deemed accepted by Seller. If Seller 
delivers a Statement of Objections before the expiration of the Review 
Period, Seller and Buyer shall negotiate in good faith to resolve such 
objections within 15 days after the delivery of the Statement of Objections 
(the “Resolution Period”). If the objections are resolved within the 
Resolution Period, the Closing Balance Sheet, Closing Net Book Value, and 
Post-Closing Adjustment, with changes agreed in writing by Seller and 
Buyer, will be final and binding.

2

------------------------------------------------------------------------


      (d)
Resolution of Disputes. If Buyer and Seller fail to reach an agreement with 
respect to all of the matters set forth in the Statement of Objections 
before the Resolution Period expires, Buyer and Seller shall submit any 
amounts remaining in dispute (“Disputed Amounts”) for resolution to an 
impartial nationally recognized firm of independent certified public 
accountants other than Buyer’s or Seller’s accountants (the “Independent 
Accountant”). The Independent Account will act as an expert subject to the 
terms of this Section 2.4 and not an arbitrator, and shall resolve the 
Disputed Amounts only and make any adjustments to the Closing Balance 
Sheet, Closing Net Book Value, and Post-Closing Adjustment in accordance 
with the Accounting Standards. Buyer and Seller agree that all adjustments 
will be made without regard to materiality. The Independent Accountant 
shall only decide the specific items under dispute by Buyer and Seller, and 
its decision for each Disputed Amount must be within the range of values 
assigned to each item in the Closing Balance Sheet, Closing Net Book Value, 
and Post-Closing Adjustment set forth in the Closing Statement and the 
Statement of Objections, respectively.
      (e)
Fees of the Independent Accountants. Buyer shall pay a portion of the fees 
and expenses of the Independent Accountant equal to 100% multiplied by a 
fraction, the numerator of which is the amount of Disputed Amounts 
submitted to the Independent Accountant that are resolved in favor of 
Seller (i.e., the difference between the Independent Accountant’s 
determination and Buyer’s determination) and the denominator of which is 
the total amount of Disputed Amounts submitted to the Independent 
Accountant (i.e., the sum total by which Seller’s determination and Buyer’s 
determination differ from the determination of the Independent Accountant). 
Seller shall pay that portion of the fees and expenses of the Independent 
Accountant that Buyer is not required to pay under this paragraph.
      (f)
Determination by Independent Accountant. The Independent Accountant shall 
make a determination as soon as practicable within 30 days (or such other 
time as Buyer and Seller agree in writing) after its engagement. The 
Independent Accountant’s resolution of the Disputed Amounts and adjustments 
to Closing Balance Sheet, Closing Net Book Value, and Post-Closing 
Adjustment is conclusive and binding upon the Parties.
      (g)
Payments of Post-Closing Adjustment. Payment of the Post-Closing 
Adjustment, together with interest calculated as set forth below, is due 
(i) within three Business Days of acceptance of the Closing Statement or 
(ii) if there are Disputed Amounts, then within three Business Days of the 
resolution of the Disputed Amounts. The Post-Closing Adjustment must be 
paid by wire transfer of immediately available funds to the account 
directed by Buyer or Seller, as the case may be. The amount of any 
Post-Closing Adjustment bears interest from and including the Closing Date 
to, but excluding, the date of payment at a rate per year equal to the rate 
of interest published by the Wall Street Journal as the “prime rate” at 
large U.S. money center banks. Interest is calculated daily on the basis of 
a 365 day year and the actual number of days elapsed, compounded daily.

3

------------------------------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE 2     
REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES
OF SELLER


Except as set forth in the Due Diligence Schedules delivered to the Buyer 
at Closing (the “Due Diligence Schedules”), Seller hereby represents and 
warrants with respect to the Company to Buyer as follows:


2.1
Existence; Authority.
      (a)
Seller is a corporation duly organized and validly existing under the Laws 
of the state of Oregon. Seller has full corporate power and authority, as 
applicable, to enter into this Agreement and to carry out its respective 
terms. Seller has taken all corporate action necessary to authorize the 
execution, delivery, and performance of this Agreement. This Agreement has 
been duly and validly executed and delivered by Seller. This Agreement is 
binding upon and enforceable against Seller in accordance with its terms, 
except as enforceability may be limited or affected by (i) applicable 
bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium, or other Laws of 
general application relating to or affecting creditors’ rights and remedies 
generally and (ii) rules of Law governing specific performance, injunctive 
relief, or other equitable remedies.
      (b)
The Company is a limited liability company duly organized and validly 
existing under the Laws of Colorado. The Company is duly qualified or 
licensed to do business as a foreign entity in each jurisdiction in which 
it owns or leases real property and each other jurisdiction in which the 
conduct of its business requires such qualification, except where the 
failure to be so qualified would not, individually or in the aggregate, be 
reasonably expected to cause a Material Adverse Effect on the Company, 
taken as a whole. The Company has all necessary limited liability company 
power and authority to own, lease, and operate its properties and assets 
and to carry on its business as now conducted. The Company has no 
subsidiaries.
2.2
Capitalization. Seller has (a) the entire right, title, and interest in and 
to the Interest, and (b) full right, power, capacity, and authority to 
validly sell, assign, convey, and transfer the Interest to Buyer. If and 
when transferred to Buyer as provided in this Agreement, the Interest will 
be transferred free and clear of all Encumbrances (other than Encumbrances 
granted by Buyer). Seller has not granted or agreed, directly or 
indirectly, to grant to any other Person a right, whether absolute or 
contingent, to purchase or acquire any Interest, and no Person (other than 
Buyer) has any such right, through the exercise of any convertible 
instrument or rights under any agreement, pledge, or by operation of Law or 
otherwise.
2.3
No Adverse Consequences. The execution, delivery, and performance of this 
Agreement by Seller (a) does not require Seller or the Company (i) to 
obtain the consent, approval, or authorization of any Governmental 
Authority having jurisdiction over Seller other than such filings as may be 
required under any reports under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as 
amended, filings with the New York Stock Exchange, and consents, approvals, 
or authorization

4

------------------------------------------------------------------------


      not required to be obtained until after Closing or (ii) to submit or
      file of any notice, report, or other filing with any Governmental
      Authority having jurisdiction over Seller other than such filings as
      may be required under any Competition Law, reports under the
      Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, filings with the New
      York Stock Exchange, and filings not required to be obtained until
      after Closing; (b) will not violate any Law, judgment, order,
      injunction, decree, or ruling of any Governmental Authority
      applicable to Seller; and (c) will not, either alone or with the
      giving of notice or the passage of time or both, conflict with,
      constitute grounds for termination of, or result in a breach of the
      terms, conditions or provisions of, or constitute a default under any
      Material Contract or Permit that would, individually or in the
      aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect on the Company, taken as a
      whole.


2.4
Litigation. There is no litigation, proceeding, or investigation pending 
or, to Seller’s Knowledge, threatened, against the Company, which, if 
decided adversely, would have a Material Adverse Effect on the Company, 
taken as a whole.
2.5
Compliance with Laws. The Company is in compliance in all material respects 
with all Laws applicable to the conduct of the Business as in effect on the 
date of this Agreement, or applicable to its employees, except where the 
failure to be in compliance would not have a Material Adverse Effect on the 
Company, taken as a whole.
2.6
Absence of Certain Changes. Since the date of the Reference Financial 
Statements through the date hereof, the Company has conducted its business 
and operations in the Ordinary Course of Business and the Company has not:
      (a)
amended its certificate of formation or operating agreement (or similar 
organizational documents);
      (b)
merged or consolidated with any other Person or acquired any material 
assets of any other Person or purchase of a substantial portion of the 
assets or stock of, or by any other manner, any business or any Person or 
any division thereof (other than the acquisition of inventory in the 
ordinary course), or adopted any plan of reorganization, liquidation or 
dissolution or filing of a petition in bankruptcy under any provisions of 
federal or state bankruptcy Law or consent to the filing of any bankruptcy 
petition against it under any similar Law;
      (c)
issued, granted, delivered or sold, or authorized or proposed the issuance, 
grant, delivery or sale of, any membership interests or any other 
securities of the Company or any securities or other instruments of any 
nature or kind convertible into or exchangeable for, or any rights, 
warrants or options to acquire, any membership interests or any other 
securities of the Company, or authorized the split, combination or 
reclassification of any membership interests, or authorized the declaration 
or payment of any dividends or distributions on or in respect of any of its 
membership interests or redemption, purchase or acquisition of its 
membership interests;
      (d)
entered into any agreement, understanding or arrangement with respect to 
the sale or voting of any of its equity interests (including, without 
limitation, any trusts,

5

------------------------------------------------------------------------


            shareholders agreements, proxies, pledge agreements or any
            similar instruments or agreements);


      (e)
made any loans, guarantees, advances or capital contributions to, or 
investments in, any other Person other than (i) loans, advances or capital 
contributions to or from the Company which have been duly recorded and 
properly reflected on the Reference Financial Statements, or (ii) loans or 
advances to employees in the ordinary course;
      (f)
adopted, modified or terminated any: employment, severance, retention or 
other agreement with any current or former employee, officer, director, 
independent contractor or consultant, or adopted any material employee 
benefit plan, program or arrangement or amended or modified, any existing 
Company Benefit Plan or benefit arrangement in any material respect;
      (g)
authorized, recommended, proposed or announced an intention to adopt a plan 
of complete or partial liquidation or dissolution or any plan of division 
or share exchange;
      (h)
incurred or committed to any obligation to make any capital expenditure (or 
series of capital expenditures) in excess of $15,000;
      (i)
made any material change in any method of accounting or accounting practice 
of the Company;
      (j)
made any material change in the Company’s cash management practices and its 
policies, practices and procedures with respect to collection of accounts 
receivable, establishment of reserves for uncollectible accounts, accrual 
of accounts receivable, inventory control, prepayment of expenses, payment 
of trade accounts payable, accrual of other expenses, deferral of revenue 
and acceptance of customer deposits;
      (k)
made any transfer, assignment, sale or other disposition of any of the 
assets shown or reflected in the Reference Financial Statements or made any 
cancellation of any debts or entitlements, other than sales of inventory in 
the Ordinary Course of Business;
      (l)
made any transfer, assignment or grant of any license or sublicense of any 
material rights under or with respect to any Intellectual Property;
      (m)
suffered any material damage, destruction or loss (whether or not covered 
by insurance) to its property;
      (n)
been subject to any acceleration, termination, material modification to or 
cancellation of any Material Contract to which the Company is a party or by 
which it is bound;
      (o)
been subject to the imposition of any Encumbrance upon any of the Company 
properties, capital stock or assets, tangible or intangible, other than 
Permitted Liens;
      (p)
authorized any bonuses, whether monetary or otherwise, or increased any 
wages, salary, severance, pension or other compensation or benefits in 
respect of its employees,

6

------------------------------------------------------------------------


            independent contractors or consultants, or changed the terms of
            employment for any employee or any with respect to the
            termination of any employees, or taken action to accelerate the
            vesting or payment of any compensation or benefit for any
            employee, independent contractor or consultant;


      (q)
entered into a new line of business or abandoned or discontinued an 
existing lines of business;
      (r)
purchased, leased or otherwise acquired the right to own, use or lease any 
property or assets, except for purchases of inventory or supplies in the 
Ordinary Course of Business; or
      (s)
committed to do any of the foregoing, or taken any action or omitted to 
take any action that would result in any of the foregoing.
2.7
Real Property. Section 2.7 of the Due Diligence Schedules contains a list 
of all Owned Real Property. The Company leases no real property, either as 
a tenant or a landlord. The improvements on the Owned Real Property are 
adequate and suitable for the purposes presently being used. With respect 
to each piece of Owned Real Property. Except as would not have, 
individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect:
      (a)
there are no (i) pending or, to the Seller’s Knowledge, threatened 
condemnation proceedings relating to such Owned Real Property, (ii) pending 
or, to the Seller’s Knowledge, threatened litigation or administrative 
actions relating to such Owned Real Property or (iii) to the Seller’s 
Knowledge, other matters affecting materially and adversely the Company’s 
use of the Owned Real Property for the operation of the Business as 
conducted on the date of this Agreement;
      (b)
there are no outstanding options or rights of first refusal to purchase 
such Owned Real Property, or any portion thereof or interest therein;
      (c)
the Company has not received notice of, and to the Seller’s Knowledge, 
there is no proposed or pending proceeding to change or redefine the zoning 
classification of all or any portion of such Owned Real Property; and
      (d)
all facilities located on such Owned Real Property are supplied with 
utilities and other services necessary for the operation of such facilities 
as operated on the date of this Agreement, including gas, electricity, 
water, telephone, sanitary sewer and storm sewer.
            The representations and warranties in this Section 2.7 are the
            sole and exclusive representations and warranties of Seller
            regarding real property matters.


2.8
Assets.
      (a)
The Company is the true and lawful owner of, and has good title to, all of 
the assets (tangible or intangible) used in its business that are material 
to the operation of its

7

------------------------------------------------------------------------


            business, free and clear of all encumbrances other than
            Permitted Liens. Except for tangible assets that Company has
            use of through participation in an enterprise arrangement
            arranged by Seller or an Affiliate of Seller, which are not
            subject to this transaction and are listed in Section 2.22 of
            the Due Diligence Schedules, the Company owns or leases all
            tangible assets sufficient for the conduct of its businesses as
            presently conducted. Each such tangible asset is suitable for
            the purposes for which it presently is used. Section 2.8 of the
            Due Diligence Schedules sets forth accurate lists as of
            February 28, 2014 of all vehicles, machinery, equipment,
            supplies and all other tangible personal property
            (collectively, the “Personal Property”) owned by, in the
            possession of, or used by the Company in its business that are
            material to the operation of the business, except for
            individual items of Personal Property carried on Company’s
            books of account at a value of less than Five Thousand Dollars
            ($5,000) individually.


      (b)
To the Seller’s Knowledge, each item of Personal Property that the Company 
has possession of pursuant to a lease agreement or other contractual 
arrangement is in such condition that, upon its return to its lessor or 
owner in its present condition at the end of the relevant lease term or as 
otherwise contemplated by the applicable lease or contract, the obligations 
of the Company to such lessor or owner will have been discharged in full.
2.9
Certain Contracts and Arrangements. Section 2.9 of the Due Diligence 
Schedules lists all written contracts to which the Company is a party that 
are material to its conduct other than purchase orders entered into in the 
Ordinary Course of Business (any such contract, a “Material Contract”). The 
Company has delivered to Buyer copies of all Material Contracts (including 
any and all amendments and other modifications to those Material 
Contracts). The Material Contracts are valid and binding obligations of the 
Company, and, to Seller’s Knowledge, the other parties thereto, enforceable 
against those parties in accordance with their respective terms except as 
they may be limited by (a) applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, 
reorganization, moratorium, or other Laws relating to or affecting the 
enforcement of creditors’ rights generally and (b) Laws governing specific 
performance, injunctive relief, or other equitable remedies. The Company 
and, to Seller’s Knowledge, each other party thereto, have complied in all 
material respects with each Material Contract, and the Company and, to 
Seller’s Knowledge, each other party thereto have not caused or permitted 
to occur a material default under any of Material Contracts, nor has the 
Company granted or been granted any material waiver or forbearance with 
respect to any of Material Contracts. To the Seller’s Knowledge, no event 
has occurred that, with the passing of time or the giving of notice, would 
result in a material default or breach of any such Material Contract, or 
allow for termination or cancellation thereof. The Company has not received 
any written notice from any party to any such Material Contract of any 
intention to terminate, cancel or otherwise materially fail to perform any 
obligations of such party under any such Material Contract.
2.10
Taxes.
      (a)
The Company has filed all material Tax Returns required to be filed by the 
Company (taking into account all valid extensions). Those Tax Returns are 
complete and correct

8

------------------------------------------------------------------------


            in all material respects. The Company is not currently the
            beneficiary of any extension of time within which to file any
            material Tax Return other than extensions of time to file Tax
            Returns obtained in the Ordinary Course of Business.


      (b)
All material Taxes due and owing by the Company have been paid or accrued, 
including all Taxes which the Company is obligated to withhold from amounts 
paid to any employee, creditor or other third party for all periods for 
which statutory periods of limitations for assessment of such Taxes have 
not yet expired.
      (c)
No extensions or waivers of statutes of limitations have been given or 
requested with respect to any material Taxes of the Company that are still 
in effect.
      (d)
There are no ongoing Actions by any taxing authority against the Company.
      (e)
The Company is not a party to any Tax-sharing or similar agreement the 
principal subject of which is Tax matters.
      (f)
The representations and warranties set forth in this Section 2.10 are the 
Seller’s sole and exclusive representations and warranties regarding Tax 
matters.
      (g)
The Company has not made an election to be treated as an association 
taxable as a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes.
2.11
Reference Financial Statements. The Reference Financial Statements were 
prepared using materially accurate data derived from the books and records 
of the Company, in the ordinary course of business and fairly present the 
financial condition of the Company as of its date and the results of its 
operations for the periods indicated, on a basis consistent with prior 
periods. The Reference Financial Statements are not audited, reviewed, or 
compiled.
2.12
Environmental Conditions. Except as would not have, individually or in the 
aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect:
      (a)
No written notice, notification, demand, request for information, citation, 
summons or order has been received by the Company, no complaint has been 
filed against and received by the Company, no penalty has been assessed, 
and no action or review is pending before any Governmental Authority or, to 
Seller’s Knowledge, threatened by any Governmental Authority or other 
Person with respect to any matters relating to the Company and arising out 
of any Environmental Law or Environmental Permit;
      (b)
To Seller’s Knowledge, the Company is in material compliance with all 
terms, conditions and provisions of all applicable Environmental Laws and 
Environmental Permits;
      (c)
The Company has obtained all material Environmental Permits for the 
ownership, lease, operation or use of the business or assets of the Company 
and, to Seller’s Knowledge, all such material Environmental Permits shall 
remain in full force and effect immediately following the Closing;

9

------------------------------------------------------------------------


      (d)
The Business has not previously involved the use, handling, manufacture, 
treatment, processing, storage, generation, release, discharge, or disposal 
of any Hazardous Substances, except for the use, handling, manufacture, 
treatment, processing, storage, generation, release, discharge, or disposal 
in material compliance with Environmental Laws of those Hazardous 
Substances;
      (e)
To Seller’s Knowledge, no real property currently or formerly owned, 
operated or leased or used for storage or as disposal facilities by the 
Company is listed on, or has been proposed for listing on, the National 
Priorities List (or CERCLIS) under CERCLA, or any similar state list;
      (f)
To Seller’s Knowledge, there has been no Release of Hazardous Materials in 
contravention of Environmental Laws caused by the business or assets of the 
Company, and neither the Company nor the Seller has received any notice 
that any real property currently or formerly owned, operated or leased in 
connection with the business of the Company (including soils, groundwater, 
surface water, buildings and other structure located on any such real 
property) has been contaminated with any Hazardous Material which could 
result in any claim against, or a violation of any Environmental Laws or 
term of any Environmental Permit by, Seller or the Company;
            The representations and warranties in this Section 2.12 are the
            sole and exclusive representations and warranties of Seller
            regarding environmental matters.


2.13
Intellectual Property.
      (a)
The Company owns, free and clear of any lien or other encumbrance or 
restriction, or has the right to use, the Company Intellectual Property. 
The Company Intellectual Property is adequate for the Company to fulfill 
its obligations under the Material Contracts and to conduct the Business as 
conducted on the date of this Agreement. Other than the Company 
Intellectual Property, no Intellectual Property is material to the conduct 
of the Business.
      (b)
The Company has not received any written claim or demand of any Person, and 
is not a party to any proceeding pending or, to Knowledge of the Seller 
threatened, which challenges the rights of the Company or Seller in respect 
of (i) the Company Intellectual Property or (ii) the rights of the Company 
in respect of any material trade secret owned or used by them in the 
conduct of the Business. The Company Intellectual Property is not subject 
to any outstanding order, ruling, decree, judgment, or stipulation by or 
with any court, arbitrator or administrative agency. To the Knowledge of 
the Seller, the Company is not infringing on the intellectual property 
rights of any Person.
2.14
Brokers and Finders. Neither Seller nor any of its officers, directors, or 
employees have employed any broker, finder, or investment banker or 
incurred any Liability for any commission, brokerage, or investment-banking 
fee, or finder’s fee in connection with the transactions contemplated by 
this Agreement.

10

------------------------------------------------------------------------


2.15
Inventory. All inventory of the Company, whether or not reflected on the 
Reference Financial Statements, to the Seller’s Knowledge, consists of a 
quality and quantity usable and saleable in the Ordinary Course of 
Business, except for obsolete items and items of below-standard quality, 
all of which have been written-off or written-down in accordance with the 
Accounting Standards.
2.16
Accounts Receivable. All accounts receivable of the Company reflected on 
the Reference Financial Statements (other than those reserved for bad debts 
or collected since such date) constitute valid claims arising from bona 
fide transactions consistent with past practice and, to the Knowledge of 
the Seller, are collectible in accordance with their terms at their 
recorded amounts, net of the applicable reserve for bad debts on the 
Reference Financial Statements. All accounts receivable of the Company that 
have arisen since the Reference Financial Statements constitute valid 
claims arising from bona fide transactions consistent with past practice, 
and to the Knowledge of the Seller, are collectible in accordance with 
their terms at their recorded amounts. Reserves for doubtful accounts have 
been established in accordance with the Accounting Standards. All accounts 
receivable which are thirty (30) days or more past due as of March 7, 2014 
are identified on Section 2.16 of the Due Diligence Schedules.
2.17
Powers of Attorney. There are no outstanding powers of attorney executed on 
behalf of the Company.
2.18
Insurance. Section 2.18 of the Due Diligence Schedules contains a true and 
complete list specifying the type of coverage and the insurer of all 
liability, property, workers’ compensation, directors and officers 
liability and other insurance policies (including any self-insurance 
programs, if any) currently in effect that insure the Business of the 
Company or employees of the Company or relate to the ownership, use or 
operation of any of the assets and properties of the Company. Except as set 
forth in Section 2.18 of the Due Diligence Schedules, all of these policies 
are maintained by Seller or its Affiliates and will not continue to cover 
the Company, the Business, or the assets and properties of the Company 
after Closing. None of Seller, the Company, or any Person to whom such 
policy has been issued has failed to give any material notice or present 
any material claim under any such policy in due and timely fashion.
2.19
Employees.
      (a)
Seller has provided to Buyer a complete and accurate list of (i) all 
employees of the Company and (ii) the current annual compensation (and the 
portions thereof attributable to salary, bonus and other compensation 
respectively) of each employee of the Company as of March 7, 2014. Such 
list also shows totals, for each listed employee, of (x) accrued but unused 
vacation and sick leave and (y) accrued but unpaid bonuses and commissions.
      (b)
To the Seller’s Knowledge, there are no Actions against the Company pending 
or overtly threatened to be brought or filed, by or with any Governmental 
Authority in connection with the employment of any current or former 
employee of the Company.

11

------------------------------------------------------------------------


      (c)
Each of the Company’s employees is an “at-will” employee, and there are no 
written employment, commission or compensation agreements of any kind 
between the Company and any of its employees.
      (d)
The Company is not a party, or otherwise subject, to any labor or 
collective bargaining agreement and there are no labor unions or other 
organizations representing, purporting to represent or, to Seller’s 
Knowledge, attempting to represent any employees of the Company. There is 
no representation petition respecting the employees of the Company pending 
before any Governmental Authority or, to Seller’s Knowledge, threatened to 
be brought or filed.
      (e)
Section 2.19 of the Due Diligence Schedules contains a listing (by fiscal 
quarter) of workers’ compensation claims of the Company since May 21, 2012.
      (f)
No individuals are employed by the Company outside of the United States
2.20
Employee Benefits. With respect, as applicable, to Benefit Plans and 
Benefit Arrangements:
      (a)
Section 2.20 of the Due Diligence Schedules sets forth a separate list, as 
of the date hereof, of (i) all Benefit Plans or Benefit Arrangements that 
relate solely or primarily to current or former employees of the Company 
and their spouses and eligible dependents or beneficiaries (“Company 
Benefit Plans”), and (ii) all other Benefit Plans or Benefit Arrangements 
sponsored by Seller or an ERISA Affiliate in which the Company participates 
(the “Seller Benefit Plans”). The Company has made available to the Buyer 
complete and accurate copies of the following documents with respect to the 
Company’s participation in each material Company Benefit Plan and Seller 
Benefit Plan, to the extent applicable: (i) all plan or arrangement 
documents; (ii) the most recent Form 5500 or other comparable documents and 
any attached financial statements; (iii) summary plan descriptions, 
summaries of material modifications, and any prospectuses that describe the 
Company Benefit Plans or Seller Benefit Plans (iv) all notices that the 
IRS, Department of Labor or any other Governmental Authority issued to the 
Company on or after May 21, 2012; and (v) employee manuals or handbooks 
containing personnel or employee relations policies.
      (b)
All Seller Benefit Plans that are intended to meet the requirements of 
Section 401(a) of the Code have received determination letters from the IRS 
to the effect that such plans are qualified and the plans and trusts 
related thereto are exempt from federal income taxes under Sections 401(a) 
and 501(a), respectively, of the Code, and to the Seller’s Knowledge, no 
fact or event has occurred since the date of such determination letter that 
would adversely affect such qualification or exemption, as the case may be. 
The Company Benefit Plans and Seller Benefit Plans comply in form and in 
operation, in all material respects, with the requirements of the Code, 
ERISA and all applicable Laws.

12

------------------------------------------------------------------------


      (c)
To Seller’s Knowledge, there are no pending claims (other than routine 
benefit claims and proceedings with respect to qualified domestic relations 
orders) or lawsuits that have been asserted or instituted by, against or 
relating to, any Company Benefit Plan.
      (d)
To the Seller’s Knowledge, the Company has paid all amounts they are 
required to pay as contributions to the Company Benefit Plans; all benefits 
accrued under any unfunded Company Benefit Plan will have been paid, 
accrued or otherwise adequately reserved in accordance with GAAP as of the 
date of the Reference Financial Statements; the assets of each Company 
Benefit Plan that is funded are reported at their fair market value on the 
books and records of such Company Benefit Plan; no Company Benefit Plan in 
which the Company’s employee’s participate that is subject to Part 4 of 
Title I of ERISA has assets that include securities issued by the Company 
or any of their ERISA Affiliates.
      (e)
The execution of this Agreement or the occurrence of the Closing will not 
(A) entitle any employee to severance payable by the Company, (B) 
accelerate the time of funding, vesting or payment of any benefits under 
any of the Company Benefit Plans or (C) result in any payment in the nature 
of compensation that would, either alone or in combination with any other 
payment, result in an “excess parachute payment” within the meaning of 
Section 280G(b) of the Code to any person.
      (f)
The Company has no arrangements or obligation to provide health or medical 
benefits or payments to or with respect to any former employee or retiree, 
except as required by COBRA.
      (g)
The Company is not a party to any agreement under which any employee or 
independent contractor is entitled to any “gross-up” payment in respect of 
Taxes under Sections 4999 or 409A of the Code. To the Seller’s Knowledge, 
each Plan that is a “nonqualified deferred compensation plan” within the 
meaning of Section 409A of the Code has been operated and administered in 
all material respects in accordance with the applicable requirements of 
Section 409A of the Code.
      (h)
There are no loans or extensions of credit from the Company to any employee 
of or independent contractor of the Company.
      (i)
There is no Company owned life insurance (COLI), split-dollar life 
insurance policy or any other life insurance policy on the life of any 
employee of the Company.
2.21
Customers and Suppliers. Section 2.21 of the Due Diligence Schedules sets 
forth a list of (a) the top fifteen (15) parts customers of the Company 
during the last full fiscal year, as applicable, and the interim period 
through the date of the Reference Financial Statements, and the amount of 
revenues accounted for by such customer during each such period and (b) 
each supplier that is the sole supplier of any significant product or 
service to the Company. No such customer or supplier has provided written 
notice within the past year that it will stop, or decrease the rate of, 
buying materials, products or services or supplying materials, products

13

------------------------------------------------------------------------


      or services, as applicable, to the Company. To the Knowledge of the
      Seller, the Company has good relations with its customers.


2.22
Certain Business Relationships With Affiliates. No Affiliate of the Company 
(a) owns any property or right, tangible or intangible, which is used in 
the business of the Company, (b) has any claim or cause of action against 
the Company, (c) owes any money to, or is owed any money by, the Company or 
(d) is a party to any contract or other arrangement (written or oral) with 
the Company.
2.23
Books and Records. To the Knowledge of the Seller, the minute books and 
other similar records of the Company contain complete and accurate records 
of all formal actions taken at any meetings of the Company’s equity 
holders, board of directors, members, managers or any committee thereof and 
of all written consents executed in lieu of the holding of any such 
meeting. Section 2.23 of the Due Diligence Schedules contains a list of any 
bank accounts and safe deposit boxes of the Company as of the Closing Date 
and the names of persons having signature authority with respect thereto or 
access thereto.
  2.24
No Undisclosed Material Liabilities.
      (a)
As of the date of the Reference Financial Statements, there are no material 
expenses incurred in the Business that are not reflected as an expense of 
the Company in the Reference Financial Statements.
      (b)
As of the date of the Reference Financial Statements, the Company did not 
have, and, on the Closing Date, the Company will not have, Liabilities with 
respect to the Business, including, without limitation, Liabilities for 
borrowed money, Taxes, accounts payable (including rent arrears), amounts 
owed to any member (or any member’s Affiliates or relatives) or Affiliates 
of the Company, customer orders, customer advances and deposits, open 
purchase orders of the Company (including, without limitation, commitments 
to suppliers of the Company for work-in-process), advances and deposits 
paid to suppliers of the Company commissions or other compensation owed to 
employees of the Company, customer claims, product liability or personal 
injury claims, and warranty claims, except (i) Liabilities reflected, 
reserved for or disclosed in the balance sheet included in the Reference 
Financial Statements, (ii) Liabilities disclosed on the Due Diligence 
Schedules, (iii) Liabilities incurred in the Ordinary Course of Business 
since the date of the Reference Financial Statements, or (iv) Liabilities 
or obligations that are not, individually or in the aggregate, material to 
the Business up to $50,000 in the aggregate.
2.25
Product Liability. To the Seller’s Knowledge, no product manufactured, 
sold, leased or delivered by the Company is subject to any material 
guaranty, warranty or other indemnity beyond the applicable standard terms 
and conditions of sale or lease. The Seller has furnished Buyer with copies 
of the standard terms and conditions of sale for the Company. To the 
Seller’s Knowledge, the Company has no material Liability for any design 
defect, product failure or other material product Liability claim arising 
from or related to any product of the Company.

14

------------------------------------------------------------------------


2.26
Permits and Licenses. Except as would not reasonably be expected, 
individually or in the aggregate, to result in a Material Adverse Effect: 
the Company holds all Permits that are material to the Business and 
necessary for the lawful conduct of the Business as currently conducted 
pursuant to the Laws applicable to the Company; Each such Permit is in full 
force and effect, and the Company has not received any written notice from 
any Governmental Authority alleging the violation of, or failure to comply 
with, any material term or requirement of any of its Permits, or regarding 
the revocation, withdrawal, suspension, cancellation, termination or 
material modification of any of its Permits; To the Knowledge of the 
Seller, no event has occurred that, with or without notice or lapse of time 
or both, would result in the revocation, suspension, lapse or limitation of 
any Permit.
2.27
Disclaimer of Other Representations and Warranties. Except for the 
representations and warranties contained in this Article 2 (as modified by 
the Due Diligence Schedules), neither the Seller nor any other Person makes 
any other express or implied representation or warranty with respect to the 
Company, the Business, the Seller, or transactions contemplated by this 
Agreement. Seller disclaims any other representations or warranties, 
whether made by the Seller or any of its Affiliates, officers, directors, 
employees, agents or representatives. Except for the representations and 
warranties contained in Article 2 hereof (as modified by the Due Diligence 
Schedules), Seller hereby disclaims all liability and responsibility for 
any representation, warranty, projection, forecast, statement, or 
information made, communicated, or furnished (orally or in writing) to 
Buyer or its Affiliates or representatives (including any opinion, 
information, projection, or advice that may have been or may be provided to 
Buyer by any director, officer, employee, agent, or representative of 
Seller or any of its Affiliates).
ARTICLE 3     
REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES
OF BUYER


Buyer hereby represents and warrants to Buyer as follows:


3.1
Existence. Buyer is a corporation duly organized, validly existing, and in 
good standing under the laws of the State of Colorado.
3.2
Authorization and Binding Obligation. Buyer has full corporate power and 
authority to enter into this Agreement and to carry out its respective 
terms. Buyer has taken all corporate action necessary to authorize the 
execution, delivery, and performance of this Agreement. This Agreement has 
been duly and validly executed and delivered by Buyer. This Agreement is 
binding upon and enforceable against Buyer in accordance with its 
respective terms, except as enforceability may be limited or affected by 
(a) applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium, or other 
Laws of general application relating to or affecting creditors’ rights and 
remedies generally and (b) rules of Law governing specific performance, 
injunctive relief, or other equitable remedies.
3.3
Absence of Conflicting Agreements or Required Consents. The execution, 
delivery and performance of this Agreement by Buyer (a) do not require (i) 
the consent, approval, or authorization of any Governmental Authority 
having jurisdiction over Buyer (other than such

15

------------------------------------------------------------------------


      approvals as may be required under any Competition Law) or of any
      third party or (ii) the submission or filing of any notice, report,
      or other filing with any Governmental Authority having jurisdiction
      over Buyer; (b) will not violate the corporate charter and other
      organizational documents of Buyer; (c) will not violate any Law,
      judgment, order, injunction, decree, or ruling of any Governmental
      Authority applicable to Buyer; and (d) will not, either alone or with
      the giving of notice or the passage of time or both, conflict with,
      constitute grounds for termination of, or result in a breach of the
      terms, conditions or provisions of, or constitute a default under any
      agreement, instrument, license, or permit individually or in the
      aggregate material to the transactions contemplated hereby and to
      which Buyer is subject.


3.4
Brokers and Finders. Neither Buyer nor any of its respective officers, 
directors, or employees have employed any broker, finder, or investment 
banker or incurred any Liability for any commission, brokerage, or 
investment-banking fee, or finder’s fee in connection with the transactions 
contemplated by this Agreement.
3.5
Litigation and Administrative Proceedings. There is no Action pending or 
threatened against Buyer that seeks to enjoin or prohibit, or otherwise 
questions the validity of, any action taken or to be taken pursuant to or 
in connection with this Agreement.
3.6
Purchase for Investment. Buyer is not acquiring the Interest with a view 
to, or for sale in connection with, any distribution thereof within the 
meaning of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended or any comparable state 
securities laws.
3.7
Due Diligence Investigation. Buyer has had an opportunity to discuss the 
Company, management, operations and finances of the Company with Seller and 
the Company’s officers, directors, employees, agents, representatives and 
Affiliates, and has had an opportunity to inspect the Company’s facilities. 
Buyer has conducted its own independent investigation of the Company. In 
making its decision to execute and deliver this Agreement and to complete 
the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, Buyer has relied solely 
upon the representations and warranties of Seller set forth in Article 2 
(and acknowledges that those representations and warranties are the only 
representations and warranties made by Seller) and has not relied upon any 
other information provided by, for or on behalf of the Company or Seller, 
or their agents or representatives, to Buyer in connection with the 
transactions contemplated by this Agreement. Buyer has no knowledge of the 
existence or nonexistence or occurrence or nonoccurrence of any event, 
condition or circumstance the existence, nonexistence, occurrence or 
nonoccurrence of which would cause any representation or warranty of Seller 
contained in this Agreement to be untrue or inaccurate in any respect. 
Buyer has entered into the transactions contemplated by this Agreement with 
the understanding, acknowledgement and agreement that no representations or 
warranties, express or implied, are made with respect to future prospects 
(financial or otherwise) of the Company. Buyer acknowledges that no current 
or former stockholder, director, officer, employee, Affiliate or advisor of 
Seller has made or is making any representations, warranties or commitments 
whatsoever regarding the subject matter of this Agreement, express or 
implied.
3.8
Disclaimer of Other Representations and Warranties. Except for the 
representations and warranties contained in this Article 3, neither the 
Buyer nor any other Person makes any other

16

------------------------------------------------------------------------


      express or implied representation or warranty with respect to the
      transactions contemplated by this Agreement. The Buyer disclaims any
      other representations or warranties, whether made by the Buyer or any
      of its Affiliates, officers, directors, employees, agents or
      representatives. Except for the representations and warranties
      contained in this Article 3, Buyer hereby disclaims all Liability and
      responsibility for any representation, warranty or information made,
      communicated, or furnished (orally or in writing) to Seller or its
      Affiliates or representatives (including any opinion, information,
      projection, or advice that may have been or may be provided to Seller
      by any director, officer, employee, agent, or representative of the
      Buyer or any of its Affiliates).


ARTICLE 4     
POST-CLOSING COVENANTS


4.1
General. If after the Closing any further action is necessary to carry out 
the purposes of this Agreement, each of the Parties will take further 
action (including the execution and delivery of further instruments and 
documents) as any other Party reasonably may request, all at the sole cost 
and expense of the requesting Party (unless the requesting party is 
entitled to indemnification therefor under Article 6).
4.2
Litigation Support. If, and for so long as, any Party is actively 
contesting or defending against any Action in connection with any fact, 
situation, circumstance, status, condition, activity, practice, plan, 
occurrence, event, incident, action, failure to act, or transaction on or 
before the Closing Date involving the Company (other than Actions between 
Buyer or the Company or any of their Affiliates, on the one hand, and 
Seller and any of its Affiliates, on the other hand), each other Party 
shall reasonably cooperate with it and its counsel in the defense or 
contest, make available its personnel, and provide such testimony and 
access to its books and records as may be necessary in connection with the 
defense or contest.
4.3
Access to Information. Subject to any additional requirements of Section 
5.2, each Party agrees to retain its books and records relating to the 
Company for the periods before the Closing for a period of at least three 
years. For a period of at least three years after the Closing Date, (a) 
Seller will provide Buyer and its representatives with reasonable access, 
at Buyer’s cost, to any books and records in the possession of Seller to 
the extent those books and records relate to the Company, and (b) Buyer 
will provide Seller and its representatives with reasonable access, at 
Seller’s cost, to any books and records in Buyer’s possession to the extent 
such books and records relate to the Company.
4.4
Employee Matters.
      (h)
For 12 months after Closing (or if earlier, the date of the employee’s 
termination of employment with the Company), Buyer shall, and shall cause 
the Company to, provide each of the Company’s employees with: (i) base 
salary or hourly wages which are no less than the base salary or hourly 
wages provided by the Company consistent with past Company practice before 
Closing; (ii) target bonus opportunities (excluding equity-based 
compensation), if any, which are no less than the target bonus 
opportunities (excluding equity-based compensation) provided by the Company

17

------------------------------------------------------------------------


            consistent with past Company practice before Closing; (iii)
            retirement and welfare benefits that are no less favorable in
            the aggregate than those provided by the Company consistent
            with past Company practice before Closing; and (iv) severance
            benefits that are no less favorable than the practice, plan or
            policy in effect for the employee consistent with past Company
            practice before Closing. Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing
            in this Section 4.4(a) or any other provision of this Agreement
            shall be construed as a contract of employment with respect to
            any employee and the Company may terminate any employee at any
            time for any reason on or after the Closing Date as determined
            at its sole discretion.


      (i)
As of the Closing Date, the Company’s employees shall cease to accrue 
benefits, if any, under the Seller Benefit Plans. Effective as of the 
Closing Date, Seller and its Affiliates shall take all necessary action, if 
any, to effect such cessation of participation as of the Closing Date. No 
assets or liabilities with respect to the Seller Benefit Plans shall be 
transferred to Buyer or its Affiliates. The Seller or its Affiliates, as 
applicable, shall pay directly to the Company employees (including their 
surviving spouses and beneficiaries, if applicable) any vested benefits to 
which they are entitled under the Seller Benefit Plans when eligible under 
the terms of such plans to receive such payments.
      (j)
With respect to any employee benefit plan maintained by Buyer or its 
Affiliates (collectively, “Buyer Benefit Plans”), Buyer shall, or shall 
cause the Company to, recognize all service of the employee with the 
Company as if the service were with Buyer, for vesting and eligibility 
purposes in any Buyer Benefit Plan in which the employee may be eligible to 
participate after Closing. However, that service need not be recognized to 
the extent that recognition would result in a duplication of benefits.
      (k)
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, Seller and Buyer 
intend that all employee benefit matters covered in this Agreement comply 
with the applicable Laws of the affected jurisdiction and, to the extent of 
any noncompliance, the provisions of this Agreement will be reformed to 
achieve compliance in accordance with the intent of the parties to this 
Agreement. Moreover, Seller and Buyer do not intend to create any third 
party beneficiary rights as to any employees respecting any provisions of 
this Agreement. Nothing in this Section 4.4, whether express or implied, 
confer upon any Person (including any current or former director, officer 
or employee of, or consultant or independent contractor to, the Seller) any 
third party beneficiary or other rights or remedies, including any right to 
employment or continued employment for any specified period or continued 
participation in any benefit plan, of any nature or kind whatsoever under 
or by reason of this Section 4.4.
4.5
Medical and Dental Plan Coverage. From the Closing Date through May 31, 
2014, Seller will provide each of the Company’s employees with benefits 
under the medical and dental plans in which the Company’s employees 
participate at the Closing consistent with Company practice before Closing. 
Seller will bill Buyer for the actual cost of such benefits from the

18

------------------------------------------------------------------------


      Closing Date through May 31, 2014. Seller shall pay such amount
      within five business days of receipt of invoice.


4.6
Other Transition Services.
      (c)
Seller will use commercially reasonable efforts to provide to the Company, 
in materially the same manner and extent as provided prior to the Closing, 
from the Closing Date through May 31, 2014 (i) IT (information technology) 
support, (ii) finance/accounting support, and (iii) ordinary course of 
business payroll administration (together, the “Services”). Seller will 
invoice the Company $1,544.00 on the first day of each month for the 
Services. The Company shall pay for the Services within thirty calendar 
days of receipt of invoice.
      (d)
The relationship of Seller, on the one hand, and the Company, on the other 
hand, pursuant to this Section 4.6 is that of an independent contractor. 
Nothing in this Section 4.6 is intended or will be deemed to constitute a 
partnership, agency, franchise, joint venture, trust, or other association 
of any kind between Seller, on the one hand, and the Company, on the other 
hand.
      (e)
If Seller is unable to perform, or is delayed in the performance of, its 
obligations under this Section 4.6 by reason of war, riot, storm, fire, 
flood, earthquake, strike, lockout or other labor unrest, accident, 
breakdown of equipment or machinery, government act, or any other 
contingencies beyond the control of Seller which interfere with the 
production or transport of goods or with the supply of raw materials or 
energy source, Seller will be relieved from its obligations under this 
Section 4.6 for as long as it is justified by the event. Seller shall 
promptly notify the Company in writing of the cause affecting the 
performance of its obligations. When the event terminates, Seller shall 
promptly resume performance and shall notify the Company thereof in writing 
without delay.
4.7
Accounts. After the Closing Date, (a) if the Company receives any amounts 
from Seller or its Affiliates in the accounts set forth in Section 2.23 of 
the Due Diligence Schedules, the Company shall promptly wire such amounts 
to an account designated by Seller and (b) if Seller or its Affiliates 
automatically draws amounts from the accounts set forth in Section 2.23 of 
the Due Diligence Schedules, Seller shall promptly wire such amounts to an 
account designated by the Company.
ARTICLE 5     
TAX MATTERS


5.1
Returns and Payment of Taxes.
      (c)
The Parties acknowledge and agree that because the Company will be treated 
as an entity disregarded as separate from its owner both before and 
immediately after the purchase and sale of the Interest, the purchase and 
sale of the Interest will be treated for U.S. federal income tax purposes 
as a purchase and sale of all of the assets owned

19

------------------------------------------------------------------------


            by the Company. Seller and its Affiliates shall report on their
            U.S. federal income Tax Returns and all applicable state and
            local income Tax Returns all income, gain, loss, deduction,
            credit and other tax items for all Pre-Closing Tax Periods.
            Buyer and its Affiliates shall report on their U.S. federal
            income Tax Returns and all applicable state and local income
            Tax Returns all income, gain, loss, deduction, credit and other
            tax items for all Post-Closing Tax Periods.


      (d)
Seller or its Affiliates shall (i) prepare and timely file (or cause to be 
prepared and timely filed) all Tax Returns required to be filed by the 
Company for all Tax Periods ending on or before the Closing Date, and (ii) 
timely pay all Taxes due with respect thereto.
      (e)
Buyer shall (i) prepare and timely file (or cause to be prepared and timely 
filed) all Tax Returns of the Company required to be filed after the 
Closing Date other than those Tax Returns described in Section 5.1(a), and 
(ii) timely pay all Taxes due with respect thereto. To the extent any such 
Tax Return includes a Pre-Closing Tax Period or is a return for which the 
Seller could otherwise have an indemnification obligation pursuant to 
Article 8, Buyer shall (i) prepare such Tax Returns consistent with past 
practices unless a contrary position is required by applicable Law, and 
(ii) allow Seller a reasonable time, and in no event less than 20 Business 
Days, to review and comment on the Tax Returns prior to filing, and (iii) 
not file such Tax Returns without Seller’s prior consent, which shall not 
be unreasonably withheld. Seller shall reimburse Buyer for the portion of 
the Taxes shown as due on any Straddle Period Tax Return that are 
attributable to the Pre-Closing Tax Period on or before the later ten 
Business Days after request from Buyer for such reimbursement and five 
Business Days before such Tax is due and payable.
      (f)
For purposes of this Agreement, in the case of any Straddle Period, the 
amount of Taxes attributable to the Pre-Closing Tax Period shall be 
calculated as follows: (i) in the case of any Taxes that are based upon or 
measured by income, receipts, profits or wages, that are imposed in 
connection with the sale or other transfer of property or services, or that 
are required to be withheld and collected, the amount of such Taxes that 
are attributable to the Pre-Closing Tax Period shall be determined on the 
basis of a closing of the books as of the end of the Closing Date (and for 
such purpose, the taxable period of any partnership or other pass-through 
entity in which the Company holds a beneficial interest shall to the extent 
practical be deemed to terminate at such time); and (ii) in the case of 
other Taxes, the amount of such Taxes that are attributable to the 
Pre-Closing Tax Period shall equal the amount of such Tax for the entire 
taxable period multiplied by a fraction, the numerator of which is the 
number of days in the taxable period through and including the Closing 
Date, and the denominator of which is the total number of days in the 
taxable period.
      (g)
Neither Buyer nor any of its Affiliates, including the Company, shall file 
any amended Tax Return for or including any Pre-Closing Tax Period without 
Seller’s express written consent.

20

------------------------------------------------------------------------


5.2
Cooperation on Tax Matters. Seller, the Company and Buyer shall reasonably 
cooperate, and shall cause their respective Affiliates, officers, 
employees, agents, auditors and other representatives reasonably to 
cooperate, in preparing, executing and filing all Tax Returns relating to 
the Company and in resolving all disputes and audits relating to Taxes of 
the Company. Such cooperation shall include maintaining and making 
available to each other all records relating to Taxes of the Company and 
making employees available on a mutually convenient basis to provide 
additional information or explanation of any materials provided hereunder 
or to testify at any Actions relating to Taxes of the Company. Seller and 
Buyer agree (a) to retain all books and records with respect to Tax matters 
pertinent to the Company relating to any Tax Period beginning before the 
Closing Date until the applicable statute of limitations (as may be 
extended) has expired and to abide by all record retention agreements 
entered into with any Governmental Authority; and (b) to allow the other 
Party and its representatives at times and dates mutually acceptable to the 
Parties, to inspect, review and make copies of such records as such Party 
may deem necessary or appropriate from time to time, such activities to be 
conducted during normal business hours at such Party’s expense. Seller 
shall have the right to control any audit, litigation, or other proceeding 
with respect to any tax Return of the Company relating exclusively to a 
Pre-Closing Tax Period, provided that (i) Seller must act in a manner 
consistent with the Company’s prior practices, except to the extent 
required by applicable Law and the terms of this Agreement and (ii) Buyer 
shall have the right to notice of, and if and to the extent such audit, 
litigation, or other proceeding could result in Losses to Buyer in a 
Post-Closing Tax Period, to participate in, any such audit, litigation, or 
other proceeding at Buyer’s expense. Buyer shall have the right to control 
any other audit, litigation, or other proceeding, including the entire Tax 
Return for any Straddle Period, provided that Seller shall have the right 
to notice of, and to participate in, any such audit, litigation, or other 
proceeding at Seller’s expense, if and to the extent Seller would have 
Liability as a result of such audit, litigation, or other proceeding.
5.3
Transfer Taxes. Each of Buyer and Seller shall equally pay any and all 
Transfer Taxes incurred in connection with Buyer’s acquisition of the 
Interest. To the extent Seller or any of its Affiliates pays any portion of 
the Transfer Tax to be paid by Buyer, Buyer shall reimburse the Seller for 
such portion of the Transfer Tax within 10 Business Days of delivery to 
Buyer of evidence of payment of such Transfer Tax to the applicable 
Governmental Authority. To the extent Buyer or any of its Affiliates pays 
any portion of the Transfer Tax to be paid by Seller, the Seller shall 
reimburse the Buyer for such portion of the Transfer Tax within 10 Business 
Days of delivery to Seller of evidence of payment of such Transfer Tax to 
the applicable Governmental Authority.
5.4
Tax Refunds. Any Tax refunds (whether by payment, credit, offset, reduction 
in Tax or otherwise) relating to any Pre-Closing Tax Period received by 
Buyer, the Company or any of their Affiliates after the Closing Date shall 
be for the account of Seller, and Buyer shall pay over to Seller the amount 
of any such refund within 10 Business Days after its receipt.

21

------------------------------------------------------------------------


ARTICLE 6     
INDEMNIFICATION


6.1
Survival of Representations and Warranties.
      (a)
The representations and warranties of Seller contained in this Agreement 
survive the Closing until the 18-month anniversary of the Closing, but (i) 
the representations and warranties made pursuant to Section 2.1 (Existence; 
Authority), Section 2.2 (Capitalization) and Section 2.14 (Brokers and 
Finders) survive indefinitely (the representations and warranties made 
pursuant to Section 2.1, Section 2.2, and Section 2.14 the “Seller 
Fundamental Reps”) and (ii) the representations and warranties made 
pursuant to Section 2.12 (Environmental Conditions) and Section 2.25 
(Product Liability) survive until the six-year anniversary of the Closing, 
and (iii) the representations and warranties made pursuant to Section 2.10 
(Taxes) survive until 60 days after the expiration of the applicable 
statute of limitations. If written notice of a claim is given before the 
expiration of the applicable representations and warranties by Buyer to 
Seller, then the relevant representations and warranties survive as to that 
claim, until the claim is finally resolved.
      (b)
The representations and warranties of Buyer contained in this Agreement 
survive the Closing until the 18-month anniversary of the Closing, but the 
representations and warranties made pursuant to Section 3.1 (Existence) and 
Section 3.4 (Brokers and Finders) survive indefinitely (the representations 
and warranties made pursuant to Section 3.1 and Section 3.4, the “Buyer 
Fundamental Reps”). If written notice of a claim is given before the 
expiration of the applicable representations and warranties by any Seller 
to Buyer, then the relevant representations and warranties survive as to 
that claim, until the claim is finally resolved.
      (c)
The representations and warranties set forth in this Agreement speak only 
as of the date of this Agreement and the Closing Date (except for 
representations and warranties that are made as of a specific date, which 
speak only as of that date). Claims for breach of representations and 
warranties may only be brought before the expiration of the applicable 
survival periods specified in Section 6.1. No claim for breach of a 
representation or warranty may be brought after the expiration of the 
survival period that is applicable to that representation or warranty as 
specified in Section 6.1.
6.2
Indemnification by Seller. Seller shall indemnify and hold harmless Buyer 
and its respective Affiliates (including the Company), officers, directors, 
employees, agents, successors and assigns (each a “Buyer Indemnified Party
”) from and against any and all Losses, arising out of or resulting from:
      (l)
the breach of any representation or warranty made by Seller contained in 
this Agreement;
      (m)
the breach of any covenant or agreement by any of Seller (or, with respect 
to periods before Closing, by the Company) contained in this Agreement;

22

------------------------------------------------------------------------


      (n)
any Liability of the Company to the PBGC with respect to any plan of Seller 
or an ERISA Affiliate subject to Title IV of ERISA, any withdrawal 
Liability of the Company associated with participation by Seller or an 
ERISA Affiliate in a multi-employer plan as defined in Section 4001(a)(3) 
of ERISA, any Liability of the Company related to participation by Seller 
or an ERISA Affiliate in a multiple employer plan as defined in Section 
413(c) of the Code, or any Liability of the Company related to 
participation in a multiple employer welfare arrangement by Seller or an 
ERISA Affiliate within the meaning of Section 3(40)(A) of the Code; or
      (o)
any Liability for Taxes of the Company for all Pre-Closing Tax Periods to 
the extent Buyer was not credited for such amount in the purchase of the 
Interest.
6.3
Indemnification by Buyer. Buyer shall indemnify and hold harmless Seller 
and its respective Affiliates, officers, directors, employees, agents, 
successors and assigns (each a “Seller Indemnified Party”) from and against 
any and all Losses, arising out of or resulting from:
      (e)
the breach of any representation or warranty made by Buyer contained in 
this Agreement;
      (f)
the breach of any covenant or agreement by the Buyer (or, with respect to 
periods after Closing, by the Company) contained in this Agreement; or
      (g)
all Liability for Taxes of the Company for all Post-Closing Tax Periods.
6.4
Limits on Indemnification.
      (f)
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement: (i) 
except with respect to claims relating to the Seller Fundamental Reps, 
Seller is not liable for any claim for indemnification pursuant to Section 
6.2 unless and until the aggregate amount of indemnifiable Losses under 
that section equals or exceeds 1% of the Purchase Price, after which point 
the Seller is obligated to indemnify the Buyer Indemnified Party from and 
against any and all amounts of indemnifiable Losses that exceed 1% of the 
Purchase Price; (ii) except with respect to claims relating to the Seller 
Fundamental Reps, the maximum amount of indemnifiable Losses that may be 
recovered from the Seller is an amount equal to 20% of the Purchase Price; 
(iii) the maximum aggregate amount of indemnifiable Losses that may be 
recovered from the Seller arising out of or resulting from a breach of a 
Seller Fundamental Rep is an amount equal to 100% of the Purchase Price; 
and (iv) Buyer is not entitled to indemnification for breach of Section 
2.10 (Taxes) with respect to any Post-Closing Tax Period. This section does 
not apply with respect to indemnification under Section 6.3.
      (g)
In calculating the indemnifiable Losses suffered by the Indemnified Party, 
the amount of any claim is calculated net of any Tax benefit to the 
Indemnified Party as a result of the Loss and is reduced by any amounts the 
Indemnified Party has received from third parties in connection with the 
matter, including any indemnification or other recovery under any contract, 
agreement, or arrangement between a Buyer Indemnified

23

------------------------------------------------------------------------


            Party and any third party and any insurance proceeds. The
            Indemnified Party shall take, and cause its Affiliates to take,
            all reasonable steps to mitigate any Loss upon becoming aware
            of any event or circumstance that would be reasonably expected
            to, or does, give rise thereto, including pursuing third party
            recoveries and incurring costs only to the minimum extent
            necessary to remedy the breach that gives rise to such Loss.
            Nothing in this section precludes an Indemnified Party from
            giving notice of its indemnity claim before exhausting its
            remedies. If the Indemnified Party receives any third party
            payments after an indemnification payment is made that relates
            thereto, the Indemnified Party shall promptly repay to the
            Indemnifying Party the amount of the indemnification payment
            the Indemnifying Party would not have paid had the third-party
            payment reduced the original indemnification payment.


      (h)
An Indemnified Party shall not assert claims with respect to, or recover 
damages for, Losses for any punitive, incidental, consequential, special or 
indirect damages, including loss of future revenue or income, loss of 
business reputation or opportunity relating to the breach or alleged breach 
of this Agreement, or diminution of value or any damages based on any type 
of multiple, except to the extent the Indemnified Party is required to pay 
punitive damages to a third party pursuant to a Third Party Claim.
      (i)
Buyer is not entitled to indemnification under this Article 6 arising out 
of breach of representations or warranties made in this Agreement by the 
Seller, to the extent Buyer, or any of the Buyer’s Affiliates, advisors, 
agents, consultants or representatives, had knowledge as of the date the 
representation or warranty was made that any representation and warranty 
made in this Agreement by the Seller was inaccurate or untrue.
      (j)
An Indemnified Party may not recover duplicative indemnifiable Losses in 
respect of a single set of facts or circumstances under more than one 
representation, warranty, covenant, or agreement in this Agreement.
6.5
Notice of Loss; Third Party Claims.
      (a)
An Indemnified Party shall give the Indemnifying Party prompt notice of any 
matter that an Indemnified Party has determined has given or could give 
rise to a right of indemnification under this Agreement, as soon as 
practicable, stating the amount of the Loss, if known, and method of 
computation of the Loss, and containing a reference to the provisions of 
this Agreement in respect of which the right of indemnification is claimed 
or arises.
      (b)
If an Indemnified Party receives notice of any Action, demand or assessment 
(each, a “Third Party Claim”) against it or that may give rise to a claim 
for Loss under this Section 6.5, the Indemnified Party shall give the 
Indemnifying Party notice of the Third Party Claim within 30 days (10 days 
in the case of any Third Party Claim relating to Tax) of the receipt of 
notice. The failure to provide notice does not release the Indemnifying 
Party from any of its obligations under this section except to the extent 
that the Indemnifying Party is prejudiced by the failure. The Indemnifying 
Party is

24

------------------------------------------------------------------------


            entitled to assume and control the defense of the Third Party
            Claim at its expense and through counsel of its choice if it
            gives notice of its intention to do so to the Indemnified Party
            within 10 Business Days of the receipt of notice from the
            Indemnified Party. However, the Indemnified Party is entitled,
            at its own expense, to participate in the defense of the Third
            Party Claim subject to the Indemnifying Party’s right to
            control the defense of the Third Party Claim.


      (c)
If the Indemnifying Party exercises the right to undertake the defense 
against a Third Party Claim as provided above, the Indemnified Party shall 
reasonably cooperate with the Indemnifying Party in the defense and make 
available to the Indemnifying Party, at the Indemnifying Party’s expense, 
all witnesses, pertinent records, materials, and information in the 
Indemnified Party’s possession or under the Indemnified Party’s control 
relating thereto as the Indemnifying Party reasonably requires. Similarly, 
if the Indemnified Party is, directly or indirectly, conducting the defense 
against a Third Party Claim, the Indemnifying Party shall reasonably 
cooperate with the Indemnified Party in the defense and make available to 
the Indemnified Party, at the Indemnifying Party’s expense, all witnesses, 
records, materials, and information in the Indemnifying Party’s possession 
or under the Indemnifying Party’s control relating thereto as the 
Indemnified Party reasonably requires.
      (d)
The Indemnified Party shall not consent to the entry of any judgment or 
enter into any settlement with respect to the Third-Party Claim without the 
prior written consent of the Indemnifying Party, which consent shall not be 
withheld unreasonably.
6.6
Character of Indemnification Payments. Seller and Buyer agree to treat all 
payments made pursuant to this Article 6 (Indemnification) as adjustments 
to the Purchase Price for Tax purposes, unless otherwise required by 
applicable Law.
6.7
Exclusive Remedy. Except in the case of fraud, the sole remedy of an 
Indemnified Party for all indemnifiable Losses with respect to the 
transactions contemplated by this Agreement is the indemnity set forth in 
Article 6 (Indemnification) (it being understood that nothing in this 
Article 6 limits the Parties’ rights to specific performance or other 
equitable remedies with respect to the covenants referred to in Article 5 
(Tax Matters) and Section 7.2 (Confidentiality)).
ARTICLE 7     
GENERAL PROVISIONS


7.1
Expenses. Except as otherwise specified in this Agreement, all costs and 
expenses, including fees and disbursements of counsel, financial advisors 
and accountants, incurred in connection with this Agreement and the 
transactions contemplated by this Agreement must be paid by the Party 
incurring such costs and expenses, whether or not the Closing has occurred.
7.2
Confidentiality. No information concerning Seller or any of its current or 
former Affiliates that has been furnished to or obtained by Buyer under 
this Agreement or in connection with the transactions contemplated by this 
Agreement may be (a) used by Buyer or Buyer’s

25

------------------------------------------------------------------------


      Affiliates other than in connection with the transactions
      contemplated by this Agreement or (b) disclosed by Buyer to any
      Person other than in confidence to employees, legal counsel,
      financial advisers, or independent public accountants of Buyer who
      Buyer reasonably determines have a need to know such information in
      connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.


7.3
Notices. All notices and correspondence with respect to matters related to 
this Agreement must be in writing and are deemed received by a Party when 
(a) delivered to the appropriate address by hand or by nationally 
recognized overnight courier service (costs prepaid); (b) sent by 
facsimile, or by electronic or digital transmission, with confirmation of 
transmission by the transmitting equipment; or (c) received or rejected by 
the addressee, if sent by certified mail, return receipt requested, in each 
case to the following address or facsimile number (or to such other address 
or facsimile number as a Party may designate by giving written notice to 
the other Party in accordance with this Section 7.3):
      if to Seller:


            Precision Castparts Corp.
            11721 Sea Star Drive
            Indianapolis, IN 46256
            Attention: Greg Delaney
            Email: gdelaney@precastcorp.com 

            and to:

            Precision Castparts Corp.
            4650 SW Macadam Avenue, Suite 400
            Portland, OR 97239-4262
            Fax: 503.946.4817
            Attention: Ruth Beyer
            Email: rbeyer@precastcorp.com 

            With a copy sent simultaneously to:

            Precision Castparts Corp.
            4650 SW Macadam Avenue, Suite 400
            Portland, OR 97239-4262
            Fax: 503.946.4817
            Attention: Sara Gray
            Email: sgray@precastcorp.com


26

------------------------------------------------------------------------


      if to Buyer:

            Advanced Forming Technology, Inc.
            7040 Weld County Rd. 20
            Longmont, CO 80504
            Attention: Jason Young, CEO
            e-mail: jyoung@arcgroupworldwide.com
            Fax: +1 (212) 231-3939

            With a copy sent simultaneously to:

            Wuersch & Gering LLP
            100 Wall Street, 10th Fl.
            New York, NY 10005
            Attention: Travis L. Gering, Esq.
            e-mail: travis.gering@wg-law.com
            Fax: 610-819-9104


7.4
Public Announcements; Use of Seller’s Name, Logo or Trade Dress.
      (e)
No Party shall make, or cause to be made, any press release or public 
announcement in respect of this Agreement or the transactions contemplated 
herby this Agreement or otherwise communicate with any news media without 
the prior written consent of the other Parties, unless otherwise required 
by Law or applicable stock exchange regulation, and the Parties shall 
cooperate as to the timing and contents of any such press release, public 
announcement or communication. Unless otherwise required by Law, the 
Parties shall treat and hold as confidential (and not disclose or provide 
access to any Person to) all terms and conditions of this Agreement, 
including the existence thereof.
      (f)
Buyer shall not and, immediately after the Closing, shall cause the Company 
not to use Seller’s name (including any derivations thereof such as “PCC”), 
logo or trade dress (including but not limited to colors and logo lines) in 
any form or fashion.
7.5
Severability. If any term or other provision of this Agreement is invalid, 
illegal or incapable of being enforced by any Law or public policy, all 
other terms and provisions of this Agreement shall nevertheless remain in 
full force and effect for so long as the economic or legal substance of the 
transactions contemplated by this Agreement is not affected in any manner 
materially adverse to any Party. Upon determination that any term or other 
provision is invalid, illegal or incapable of being enforced, the Parties 
shall negotiate in good faith to modify this Agreement to effect the 
original intent of the Parties as closely as possible in an acceptable 
manner in order that the transactions contemplated by this Agreement are 
completed as originally contemplated to the greatest extent possible.
7.6
Entire Agreement. This Agreement, including Exhibit A, and the Due 
Diligence Schedules, the Interest Assignment, the Payoff Letter, the 
Closing Net Book Value Example, and the

27

------------------------------------------------------------------------


      Reference Financial Statements constitute the entire agreement of the
      Parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersede all
      prior agreements and undertakings, both written and oral, between
      Seller and Buyer with respect to the subject matter hereof.


7.7
Assignment. This Agreement may not be assigned by operation of law or 
otherwise without the express written consent of Seller (which consent may 
be granted or withheld in the sole discretion of Seller). However, Buyer 
may assign this Agreement or any of its rights and obligations hereunder to 
one or more wholly-owned subsidiaries without the consent of Seller, but 
only if the Buyer remains obligated under this Agreement.
7.8
Amendment. This Agreement may not be amended or modified except (a) by an 
instrument in writing signed by, or on behalf of, Seller and Buyer or (b) 
by a waiver in accordance with Section 7.9.
7.9
Waiver. Any Party may (a) extend the time for the performance of any of the 
obligations or other acts of the other Parties, (b) waive any inaccuracies 
in the representations and warranties of the other Parties contained in 
this Agreement or in any document delivered by the other Parties pursuant 
to this Agreement or (c) waive compliance with any of the agreements of the 
other Parties or conditions to such Parties’ obligations contained in this 
Agreement. Any extension or waiver is valid only if set forth in an 
instrument in writing signed by the Party to be bound thereby. Any waiver 
of any term or condition will not be construed as a waiver of any 
subsequent breach or a subsequent waiver of the same term or condition, or 
a waiver of any other term or condition of this Agreement. The failure of 
any Party to assert any of its rights under this Agreement does not 
constitute a waiver of those rights. All rights and remedies existing under 
this Agreement are cumulative to, and not exclusive of, any rights or 
remedies otherwise available.
7.10
No Third Party Beneficiaries. Except for the provisions of Section 6.5 
relating to indemnified parties, this Agreement is binding upon, and inures 
solely to the benefit of, the Parties and their respective successors and 
permitted assigns. Nothing herein, express or implied, is intended to or 
confers upon any other Person, including any union or any employee or 
former employee of Seller, any legal or equitable right, benefit or remedy 
of any nature whatsoever, including any rights of employment for any 
specified period, under or by reason of this Agreement.
7.11
Specific Performance. The Parties acknowledge and agree that each Party 
would be irreparably damaged if any of the provisions of this Agreement are 
not performed in accordance with their specific terms and that any breach 
of this Agreement by any Party could not be adequately compensated in all 
cases by monetary damages alone. Accordingly, in addition to any other 
right or remedy to which each Party may be entitled, at law or in equity, 
it shall be entitled to enforce and provision of this Agreement by a decree 
of specific performance and to temporary, preliminary, and permanent 
injunctive relief to prevent breaches or threatened breaches of any of the 
provisions of this Agreement, without posting any bond or other 
undertaking.

28

------------------------------------------------------------------------


7.12
Governing Law. This Agreement (including any claim or controversy arising 
out of or relating to this Agreement) is governed by, and construed in 
accordance with, the laws of the state of Delaware, without giving effect 
to conflicts of laws principles that would result in the application of the 
law of any other state.
7.13
Arbitration. The Parties agree to submit to arbitration any and all matters 
in dispute or in controversy among them concerning the terms and provisions 
of this Agreement. All such disputes and controversies shall be determined 
and adjudged by the decision of an arbitrator (the “Arbitrator”) selected 
by mutual agreement of the Parties or if the Parties fail to reach 
agreement on the Arbitrator within ten (10) days after a party has notified 
the other of its interest to submit a matter to arbitration, the Arbitrator 
shall be selected by the American Arbitration Association upon application 
made to it for such purpose by the Parties. Arbitration shall take place in 
Denver, Colorado or such other place as the parties hereto may agree in 
writing. The Arbitrator shall reach and render a decision in writing with 
respect to the amount, if any, of payment respecting the disputed matter. 
The arbitration proceedings shall be held in accordance with the applicable 
rules of the American Arbitration Association. Any award rendered shall be 
final and conclusive upon the parties and a judgment thereon may be entered 
in the highest court of the forum, state or federal, having jurisdiction. 
The fees and expenses of the Arbitrator and the respective fees and 
expenses of the parties hereto in connection with any such arbitration 
(including, without limitation, reasonable fees and expenses of legal 
counsel and consultants) shall be paid by the party against whom a decision 
by the Arbitrator is rendered.
7.14
Further Action. Each of the Parties shall use all reasonable efforts to 
take, or cause to be taken, all appropriate action, do or cause to be done 
all things necessary, proper or advisable under applicable Law, and to 
execute and deliver such documents and other papers, as may be required to 
carry out the provisions of this Agreement and complete and make effective 
the transactions contemplated hereby.
7.15
Counterparts; Facsimiles. This Agreement may be executed and delivered in 
one or more counterparts, and by the different Parties in separate 
counterparts, each of which when executed is deemed an original, and all of 
which taken together constitute one and the same agreement. For purposes of 
this Agreement, facsimile, scanned or digitally transmitted signatures are 
deemed to be original signatures.
[Signature page follows]





29

------------------------------------------------------------------------


The Parties have caused this Agreement to be executed as of the date first 
written above by their respective officers thereunto duly authorized.


                              PRECISION CASTPARTS CORP.




                              By: /s/ Ruth Beyer    
                              Name: Ruth Beyer
                              Title: Senior Vice President, General Counsel


                              ADVANCED FORMING TECHNOLOGY, INC.




                              By: /s/ Jason Young    
                              Name: Jason Young
                              Title: Chief Executive Officer





Signature Page to Purchase Agreement
------------------------------------------------------------------------


EXHIBIT A


DEFINITIONS


For purposes of this Agreement:


“$” or “Dollars” means United States dollars.


“Accounting Standards” means the principles, policies, procedures, 
practices, applications, methodologies and any other discretionary 
elections used by the Company in preparing the Reference Financial 
Statements.


“Acquired Company Cash” means cash and cash equivalents (including 
marketable securities and short-term investments) on hand in the Company as 
of the close of business on the day before the Closing Date.


“Action” means any claim, action, suit, arbitration, inquiry, audit, 
examination, proceeding or investigation by or before any Governmental 
Authority.


“Affiliate” means, with respect to any specified Person, any other Person 
that directly, or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls, 
is controlled by, or is under common control with, such specified Person. 
For purposes of this definition, “control” (including the terms “
controlled by” and “under common control with”), as applied to any Person, 
means the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or 
cause the direction of the affairs or management of that Person, whether 
through the ownership of voting securities, by contract, or otherwise.


“Agreement” is defined in the preamble.


“Arbitrator” is defined in Section 7.13.


“Benefit Arrangement” means any benefit arrangement, obligation, custom or 
practice, whether or not legally enforceable, to provide benefits, other 
than salary or under a Benefit Plan, as compensation for services rendered, 
including employment or consulting agreements, severance agreements or pay 
policies, stay or retention bonuses or compensation, executive or incentive 
compensation programs or arrangements, incentive programs or arrangements, 
sick leave, vacation pay, plant closing benefits, patent award programs, 
salary continuation for disability, consulting or other compensation 
arrangements, workers’ compensation, retirement, deferred compensation, 
bonus, stock option or purchase plans or programs, hospitalization, medical 
insurance, life insurance, tuition reimbursement or scholarship programs, 
employee discount programs, meals, travel or vehicle allowances, any plans 
subject to Section 125 of the Code and any plans providing benefits or 
payments in the event of a change of control, change in ownership or 
effective control, or sale of a substantial portion (including all or 
substantially all) of the assets of any business or portion thereof.


“Benefit Plan” has the meaning given in Section 3(3) of ERISA, together 
with plans or arrangements that would be so defined if they were not (a) 
otherwise exempt from ERISA by that



 
------------------------------------------------------------------------


or another section, (b) maintained outside the United States or (c) 
individually negotiated or applicable only to one person.

“Business” means the business operated by the Company.

“Business Day” means any day that is not a Saturday, a Sunday or other day 
on which banks are required or authorized by Law to be closed in New York, 
New York USA.


“Buyer” is defined in the preamble.


“Buyer Benefit Plans” is defined in Section 4.4(c).


“Buyer Fundamental Reps” is defined in Section 6.1(b).


“Buyer Indemnified Party” is defined in Section 6.2.


“Closing” is defined in Section 1.4.


“Closing Balance Sheet” means the unaudited balance sheet of the Company 
measured as of 12:01 a.m. as of the Closing Date, prepared in accordance 
with the Accounting Standards.


“Closing Date” means the date of the Closing.


“Closing Net Book Value” means the Net Book Value of the Company derived 
from the Closing Balance Sheet.


“Closing Net Book Value Example” means the example of Net Book Value 
derived from the balance sheet of the Reference Financial Statements, as 
prepared by Seller and delivered to Buyer at Closing.


“Closing Statement” has the meaning set forth in Section 1.7(a).


“COBRA” means Part 6 of Title I of ERISA, as amended.


“Code” means the United States Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended.


“Company” means Thixoforming LLC, a Colorado limited liability company.


“Company Benefit Plans” is defined in Section 2.20(a).


“Company Intellectual Property” means the Intellectual Property owned by 
the Company.


“Disputed Amounts” has the meaning set forth in Section 1.7(d).


“Due Diligence Schedules” is defined in the preamble to Article 2.


“Encumbrance” means any mortgage, pledge, assessment, security interest, 
lease, lien, adverse claim, levy, charge or other encumbrance of any kind, 
or any conditional sale contract, title retention contract or contract 
committing to grant any of the foregoing.



 
------------------------------------------------------------------------


“Environment” means surface waters, ground waters, soil, subsurface strata, 
ambient air and all outdoor areas of any real property.


“Environmental Laws” means all Laws and any Environmental Permit or 
condition thereof, relating to the Environment, health, safety, natural 
resources or Hazardous Materials.


“Environmental Permits” means all permits, approvals, licenses, 
registrations and other authorizations required under or issued pursuant to 
any applicable Environmental Law.


“ERISA” means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as 
amended.


“ERISA Affiliate” means any Person that, together with the Company, would 
be or was at any time treated as a single employer under Section 414 of the 
Code or Section 4001 of ERISA.

“Estimated Purchase Price” means One Million Nine Hundred Ninety Thousand 
Seven Hundred Sixteen U.S. Dollars ($1,990,716.00), which is Seller’s 
estimate of the Closing Net Book Value.


“Governmental Authority” means any federal, national, state, provincial, 
local, or similar United States or foreign government, governmental, 
regulatory or administrative authority (including any Taxing authority), 
agency or commission or any court, tribunal, or judicial or arbitral body.


“Governmental Order” means any order, writ, judgment, injunction, decree, 
consent decree, stipulation, determination or award entered by or with any 
Governmental Authority.


“Hazardous Materials” means (a) any petroleum or petroleum products, 
radioactive materials, asbestos in any form that is or could become 
friable, urea formaldehyde foam insulation and transformers or other 
equipment that contain dielectric fluid containing levels of 
polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs), hydrogen 3, and tritium (b) any other 
chemicals, materials or substances defined as or included in the definition 
of “hazardous substances”, “hazardous wastes”, “hazardous materials”, 
“extremely hazardous wastes”, “restricted hazardous wastes”, “toxic 
substances”, “toxic pollutants”, “contaminants” or “pollutants”, or words 
of similar import, under any applicable Environmental Law, (c) any other 
chemical, material or substance which is regulated by any Environmental Law 
or Governmental Authority and (d) a Hazardous Substance.


“Hazardous Substance” has the meaning as defined in 42 USC § 9601(14) and 
as defined in any applicable state or local legislation or regulations.


“Interest Assignment” is defined in Section 1.5(a).


“Indemnified Party” means a Buyer Indemnified Party or a Seller Indemnified 
Party, as the case may be.


“Indemnifying Party” means Seller pursuant to Section 6.2 or Buyer pursuant 
to Section 6.3, as the case may be.




 
------------------------------------------------------------------------


“Independent Accountant” has the meaning set forth in Section 1.7(d).


“Intellectual Property” means any and all: (a) trademarks and service 
marks, including all applications and registrations and goodwill related to 
the foregoing; (b) copyrights, including all applications and registrations 
related to the foregoing; (c) trade secrets and confidential know-how; (d) 
patents and patent applications; and (e) internet domain name 
registrations.


“Interest” means all of the limited liability company membership interests 
of the Company.


“IRS” means the United States Internal Revenue Service.


“Law” means any federal, national, state, provincial, local or similar 
United States or foreign statute, law, ordinance, regulation, rule, code, 
order, requirement or rule of law.


“Liability” means any obligation or liability of any nature (including any 
known, unknown, undisclosed, unaccrued, unasserted, contingent, indirect, 
conditional, implied, vicarious, derivative, joint, several or secondary 
liability), absolute or contingent, accrued or unaccrued, mature or 
unmatured, due or to become due, regardless of whether such debt, 
obligation, duty or liability is immediately due and payable.


“Losses” means actual out-of-pocket losses, damages, liabilities, costs or 
expenses, including reasonable attorneys’ fees.


“Material Adverse Effect” means any result, occurrence, condition, fact, 
change, violation, event or effect that, individually or in the aggregate 
with any other result, occurrence, condition, fact, change, violation, 
event or effect, has a material adverse effect or impact on the assets, 
liabilities, financial condition, business, results of operations of the 
Company taken as a whole, or on the ability of Seller to complete the 
Closing pursuant to the terms hereof or comply with their obligations 
hereunder, other than to the extent such effects are due to, relate to or 
arise from: (a) any general economic, capital market, financial, political 
or regulatory conditions, worldwide or in the United States; (b) factors 
generally affecting the industry or markets in which the Company operates 
or to which its products are sold; (c) an outbreak, escalation or material 
worsening of hostilities, war, acts of terrorism (including cyber 
terrorism), or other national or international calamity, crisis or 
emergency (including natural disasters) or any governmental or other 
response to any of the foregoing, in each case whether or not involving the 
United States; (d) changes, or proposed changes, in Law or interpretations 
or implementation thereof between the date hereof and the Closing; (e) the 
transactions contemplated by this Agreement and the public announcement 
thereof; (f) actions by customers or suppliers; (g) loss of personnel, 
suppliers, or customers; (h) the delay or cancellation of orders for 
services and products; (i) the taking of any action (or omitting to take 
action) to the extent required by this Agreement or consented to in writing 
by Buyer; (j) any event, change or effect resulting from the identity of 
Buyer or its Affiliates; (k) any failure of the Company to meet financial 
projections (but not excluding any of the reasons for or factors 
contributing to the failure); (l) any event, change or effect resulting 
from the breach of this Agreement by Buyer; and (m) any matter disclosed in 
the Due Diligence Schedules; except, in the case of (a) through (b), as may 
have a material disproportionate effect on the Company relative to other 
comparable companies operating in the industry in which the Company 
operates.




 
------------------------------------------------------------------------


“Material Contracts” is defined in Section 2.9.


“Net Book Value” means a sum equal to the aggregate amount of the total 
assets (including the Acquired Company Cash) less the current liabilities 
as derived from a balance sheet of the Company.


 “Ordinary Course of Business” means the ordinary course of business of the 
Company consistent with past custom and practice (including with respect to 
quantity and frequency).

“Owned Real Property” means each item of real property owned by the 
Company.


“Permits” means any permit, license, certificate, franchise, concession, 
ratification, permission, clearance, confirmation, endorsement, waiver, 
certification, designation, rating, registration, qualification or 
authorization issued, granted, given or otherwise made available by or 
under the authority of any Governmental Authority or pursuant to any 
applicable Law.

“Permitted Liens” means (a) minor imperfections of title that do not 
materially detract from the value or impair the use of any asset; (b) liens 
for Taxes, assessments, and other governmental charges or levies not yet 
due and payable or delinquent or which are being contested in good faith by 
appropriate action and as to which adequate reserves have been established 
in accordance with the Accounting Standards; (c) statutory liens of 
mechanics, materialmen, warehousemen or carriers, and similar liens arising 
by operation of Law in the ordinary course of business for sums not yet due 
or being contested in good faith and as to which adequate reserves have 
been established in accordance with the Accounting Standards; and (d) 
applicable zoning laws and ordinances and municipal regulations and rights 
reserved to or vested in any Governmental Authority to control or regulate 
real property and realty rights.


“Person” means any individual, partnership, firm, corporation, limited 
liability company, association, trust, unincorporated organization or other 
entity.


“Personal Property” is defined in Section 2.8.


“Post-Closing Adjustment” has the meaning set forth in Section 1.7(a).


“Post-Closing Tax Period” means any Tax Period beginning after the Closing 
Date and that portion of any Straddle Period from and after the day 
immediately following the Closing Date as well as any extraordinary actions 
taken by Buyer or its Affiliates on the Closing Date but after the time of 
Closing and not expressly contemplated by this Agreement.


“Pre-Closing Tax Period” means any Tax Period ending on or before the 
Closing Date and that portion of any Straddle Period through the Closing 
Date, but shall not in any event include any extraordinary actions taken by 
Buyer or its Affiliates on the Closing Date but after the time of Closing 
and not expressly contemplated by this Agreement.


“Purchase Price” is defined in Section 1.3.




 
------------------------------------------------------------------------


“Qualified Plan” means any Company Benefit Plan that meets, purports to 
meet or is intended to meet the requirements of Section 401(a) of the Code, 
including any previously terminated plan.


“Reference Financial Statements” means the unaudited balance sheet of the 
Company as at December 29, 2013 and the income statement for the 9 month 
year to date fiscal period ending on that date, delivered to the Buyer at 
Closing.


“Resolution Period” has the meaning set forth in Section 1.7(c).


“Review Period” has the meaning set forth in Section 1.7(b).


“Seller Benefit Plans” is defined in Section 2.20(a).


“Seller Fundamental Reps” is defined in Section 6.1(a).


“Seller Indemnified Party” is defined in Section 6.3.


“Seller” is defined in the preamble.


“Seller’s Knowledge” including all similar uses of the concept, including 
“aware,” “known to” and “knowledge of” means the actual knowledge of the 
Seller after having made reasonable enquiries of Al Totten, Barry Mikucki, 
and Eric Podtburg, such enquiries having regard always to their respective 
positions within the Company’s organization.


“Services” is defined in Section 4.6.


“Statement of Objections” has the meaning set forth in Section 1.7(c).


“Straddle Period” means any Tax Period beginning on or before the Closing 
Date and ending after the Closing Date.


“Taxes” means any and all taxes, charges, fees, levies, tariffs, duties, 
liabilities, impositions or other assessments in the nature of a tax 
(together with any and all interest, penalties and additions thereto) 
imposed by any Governmental Authority, including, without limitation, 
income, estimated income, alternative minimum, gross receipts, margin, 
profits, excise, real or personal property, environmental, sales, use, 
value-added, ad valorem, withholding, social security, retirement, 
employment, unemployment, workers’ compensation, occupation, service, 
license, net worth, capital stock, payroll, franchise, gains, stamp, 
transfer and recording taxes.


“Tax Period” means any period prescribed by any Governmental Authority for 
which a Tax Return is required to be filed or a Tax is required to be paid.


“Tax Return” means any report, return, information return, claim for 
refund, election, estimated Tax filing or payment, request for extension, 
document, declaration, statement or certification filed with or submitted 
to, or required to be filed with or submitted to, any Governmental 
Authority with respect to any Tax, including all attachments thereto and 
amendments thereof.




 
------------------------------------------------------------------------


“Third Party Claim” is defined in Section 6.5.


“Transfer Taxes” means any and all transfer, documentary, sales, use, 
stamp, registration, value added, recording, escrow and other similar Taxes 
incurred in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement 
(including recording and escrow fees and any real property or leasehold 
interest transfer or gains tax and any similar Tax).


“Treasury Regulation” means the Treasury Regulation promulgated under the 
Code by the United States Department of Treasury.





 