 EX-10.2 3 v392264_ex10-2.htm EXHIBIT 10.2
 
Exhibit 10.2
 
 
MASTER SERVICES AGREEMENT
By and Between
 
TME RESEARCH
And
The National Reference Laboratory for Breast Health, Inc.
 
This Master Services Agreement (“Agreement”) is effective as of September 
1, 2014 and is by and between TME Research LLC (“TME RESEARCH”), with a 
principal place of business at 250 Cetronia Road, Suite 302, Allentown, PA 
18104, and The National Reference Laboratory for Breast Health, Inc. 
(“COMPANY”), with a principal place of business at 1616 Eastlake Ave. East, 
Suite 360, Seattle, WA 98102.
 
WHEREAS, TME RESEARCH is engaged in the business of providing Breast Cancer 
Study and Research Services such as access to tissue and patient 
registries, study concept and design; IRB interface services, on-line 
database development, study implementation including study set-up, launch, 
investigator recruitment, and oversight, data monitoring; and associated 
work including but not limited to data analysis, summary, and preparation 
for publication and/ or public release, as well as access to the TME 
Scientific Advisory Board; and
 
WHEREAS, COMPANY is in the business of developing innovative breast health 
products and services designed to provide critical information that 
empowers women and their healthcare providers to take charge of and protect 
their breast health today and in the future and;
 
Whereas COMPANY desires to acquire and analyze matched sets of patient 
tissue with clinically annotated data with its NextCYTE microarray test and
 
Whereas TME RESEARCH desires to provide such specific services to COMPANY 
as specifically defined in an attachment to this Agreement and under the 
restrictions set out in agreed upon terms and conditions;
 
Now therefore, for and in consideration of the mutual promises contained 
herein, and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and 
sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, and intending to be legally 
bound, the parties agree as set forth herein.
 
1.          DEFINITIONS
 
1.1        "TME RESEARCH Data” means any TME RESEARCH data and information 
provided to COMPANY by TME RESEARCH for use under this Agreement or 
applicable Statement(s) of Work, including all patient electronic medical 
data of which such data shall be de-identified and provided in accordance 
with Data Specifications set forth in this Agreement. For the purpose of 
this Agreement, TME RESEARCH Data shall not include any patient tissue 
samples or the like provided by TME Research to COMPANY. For the purpose of 
this Agreement, TME RESEARCH Data shall not include any data subject to any 
applicable law, legal, contractual, or other restriction against such 
provision of data by any source of such data.
 
1.2        “Applicable Law” means any international, national, federal, 
state, provincial, commonwealth, or local government law, statute, rule, 
requirement, code, regulation, or ordinance that applies to either party or 
to the services or this Agreement, and includes without limitation, rules 
of HIPAA.
 
Page 1 of 8 	Confidential
TME Research July 2014 Vers.02cf 	 
 

 

 

 
1.3           “Confidential Information” means information in	the 
possession or under control of either TME RESEARCH or COMPANY including 
without limitation the terms and content of this Agreement, the TME 
RESEARCH Data, and protocols, the analytical algorithms and techniques used 
by TME RESEARCH and/or COMPANY. Confidential Information does not include 
information which was known to the receiving party or was in the public 
domain before disclosure, which becomes part of the public domain after 
disclosure by publication or other means except by a breach of this 
Agreement by the receiving party, was received from a third party under no 
duty or obligation of confidentiality to the disclosing party, or was 
independently developed by the receiving party without reference to the 
Confidential Information.
 
1.4          “Data Specifications” means the method, format, structure, 
organization, and content of the data that TME RESEARCH will provide to 
COMPANY as further specified in the applicable SOW and which Data 
Specifications may be modified from time to time in accordance with this 
Agreement.
 
1.5          “COMPANY Data” means data in the possession of COMPANY that 
was not provided by TME RESEARCH. In the event that COMPANY obtains data 
from other sources and that data is part of the TME RESEARCH Data at the 
time that duplicate data is obtained from another source by COMPANY, then 
the TME RESEARCH Data shall continue to be considered to be TME RESEARCH 
Data.
 
1.6          “HIPAA” means the Health Insurance Portability and 
Accountability Act of 1996, 42 U.S.C. §1302d et seq., as amended by the 
Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act, Title 
XIII of Division A and Title IV of Division B of the American Recovery and 
Reinvestment Act of 2009, Pub. L. No. 111-5, and implementing regulations 
promulgated thereunder, including the Privacy Standards, 45 C.F.R. Parts 
160 and 164, and the omnibus rule changes to the Privacy and Security 
Rules, as may be amended from time to time.
 
1.7           “Intellectual Property” means all: (i) copyrights (including, 
without limitation, the right to reproduce, distribute copies of, display 
and perform the copyrighted work and to prepare derivative works), 
copyright registrations and applications, trademark (“TM”) rights, 
trademark registrations and applications, patent rights, patent 
applications and patent issuances, trade names, mask-work rights, Trade 
Secrets, moral rights, author’s rights, privacy rights, publicity rights, 
algorithms, rights in packaging, goodwill and other proprietary rights and 
all renewals and extensions thereof; (ii) intangible legal rights or 
interests evidenced by or embodied in any idea, design, concept, technique, 
invention, discovery, enhancement or improvement, whether or not 
patentable, copyrightable or trademarkable; and (iii) all derivatives of 
any of the foregoing.
 
2.           SERVICES
 
2.1          TME RESEARCH will provide to COMPANY the services set forth in 
Exhibit A, a Statement of Work (“SOW”), which sets out with specificity the 
services and deliverables to be provided and the fees to be paid. 
Additional SOWs may be executed by the parties and will be incorporated 
into and governed by this Agreement for any other projects agreed to by the 
parties that will be governed under this Agreement. If any term in a SOW 
conflicts with this Agreement, the SOW will control. All tissue samples 
provided to COMPANY under this Agreement or any SOW shall become and remain 
the exclusive and sole property of the COMPANY; however, use of such tissue 
samples shall remain as restricted in the related SOW under which they are 
provided.
 
2.2          Either party may request changes to any services or 
deliverables set forth in an SOW by submitting a written request detailing 
the proposed changes to the other party. The parties agree to negotiate and 
execute an amendment reflecting agreed-upon changes and any related terms.
 
3.           LICENSE GRANT
 
Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, TME RESEARCH hereby 
grants COMPANY a limited, non-exclusive, nontransferable, except as 
provided herein, right and license to the TME RESEARCH Data and tissue 
samples for use exclusively as set forth within any SOW under this 
Agreement. Nothing herein shall restrict TME RESEARCH from using TME 
RESEARCH Data for any and all purposes anywhere in the world.
 
Page 2 of 8 	Confidential
TME Research July 2014 Vers.02cf 	 
 

 

 

 
4.           PAYMENTS
 
4.1          COMPANY will pay to TME RESEARCH the fees specified in the 
applicable SOW. TME RESEARCH shall deliver all deliverables under an SOW 
provided that COMPANY has fulfilled all of its payment obligations to date 
and subject to IRB approval(s). All invoiced amounts for services performed 
in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement and any SOW 
are due net thirty (30) days from the date of invoice. If COMPANY 
identifies items in an invoice which are disputed, COMPANY will notify TME 
RESEARCH in writing, noting its objection to the disputed item(s) with 
specificity, within ten (10) working days of the date of the invoice.
 
4.2          In addition to all of the payments otherwise required under 
this Agreement, exclusive of any taxes imposed upon TME RESEARCH’ net 
income, COMPANY shall pay any and all taxes, duties, or excises imposed 
upon any payments made to TME RESEARCH hereunder by any governmental 
authority, including without limitation any sales, use, service, 
value-added, withholding or similar taxes.
 
5.           TERM AND TERMINATION
 
5.1          This Agreement will commence on the Effective Date and will 
terminate on the third (3rd) anniversary of the Effective Date unless 
earlier terminated in accordance with this Agreement, or unless extended by 
a written amendment and signed by both parties. Any SOW, the duration of 
which extends beyond the expiration or termination of this Agreement, will 
continue to be performed for the term of such SOW, and will continue to be 
governed by the terms of this Agreement, which terms shall remain in effect 
beyond the expiration or termination of this Agreement solely with respect 
to such SOW, unless such SOW is also terminated in accordance with the 
terms and conditions of this Agreement.
 
5.2          Either party may immediately terminate this Agreement or any 
individual Statement(s) of Work, or TME RESEARCH may suspend performance of 
Services, for a material breach of this Agreement or the applicable 
Statement(s) of Work by the other party (the “Breaching Party”), provided 
that the Breaching Party fails to cure such material breach within 
forty-five (45) days (or thirty (30) days for payment breaches) after 
receipt of written notice specifying such material breach.
 
5.3          Either party may immediately terminate this Agreement or any 
SOW upon written notice to the other party upon the happening of any of the 
following events: (i) if any certificate, authorization, approval or 
exemption from a regulatory authority required for the conduct of the 
services is revoked, suspended, or expires without renewal; (ii) if the 
continuation of the services would be rendered illegal or in violation of 
Applicable Law; or (iii) upon the other party’s becoming insolvent or 
unable to pay all material debts when due, including without limitation if 
the other party files a petition in bankruptcy, or enters into an agreement 
with its creditors, or applies for or consents to the appointment of a 
receiver or trustee, or makes an assignment for the benefit of creditors, 
or suffers or permits the entry of any order adjudicating it to be bankrupt 
or insolvent, prompt Notice of such event to be provided to the other party 
to the extent permissible under any Applicable Law.
 
5.4          Either party may terminate this Agreement or any SOW without 
cause upon sixty (60) days prior written notice to the other party, or as 
may be otherwise provided in a SOW.
 
5.5          Upon receipt of notice of termination of this Agreement or any 
Statement(s) of Work by either party: (i) the parties will, as soon as 
reasonably practicable and in accordance with Applicable Laws, discontinue 
providing the applicable services, and no payments from COMPANY to TME 
RESEARCH will be refundable unless otherwise defined in a SOW.
 
5.6          Termination of this Agreement or of a SOW for any reason shall 
not affect the rights of the parties that have accrued on or before 
termination.
 
Page 3 of 8 	Confidential
TME Research July 2014 Vers.02cf 	 
 

 

 

 
6.           CONFIDENTIALITY AND PRIVACY COMPLIANCE
 
6.1         In the event the receiving party (i) is required by Applicable 
Law to disclose the disclosing party’s Confidential Information, or (ii) 
receives a subpoena, other validly issued administrative or judicial order, 
or a request pursuant to regulatory audit, requesting Confidential 
Information of the disclosing party, then in any such case the receiving 
party may, to the limited extent necessary to comply with the requirements 
of 6. l(i) or (ii), disclose the other party’s Confidential Information. In 
such event, to the extent practicable and permitted by Applicable Law or 
the requesting government agency, the receiving party shall promptly notify 
the disclosing party in writing of such request and provide reasonable 
assistance to the disclosing party, at the disclosing party’s expense, if 
the disclosing party wishes to seek a protective order or similar relief.
 
6.2         Each party may use the other party’s Confidential Information 
only in connection with its rights and obligations under this Agreement. 
Except as expressly permitted herein, each party will maintain in 
confidence and will not disclose the other party’s Confidential 
Information, using the same degree of care, but no less than reasonable 
care, as it uses to protect its own confidential information of a similar 
nature. The receiving party may disclose the disclosing party’s 
Confidential Information only to the receiving party’s respective 
employees, independent contractors, outside consultants (including its 
legal counsel, its insurance carriers and agents, and its financial and 
accounting advisers) and actual and potential investors, lenders, acquirers 
and collaborators who (i) have a need to know such Confidential 
Information; (ii) are made aware of the Confidential Information’s 
confidential or proprietary nature; and (iii) are under a written 
obligation to protect confidential or proprietary information (including 
the Confidential Information) no less restrictive than the obligations set 
forth herein. To the extent necessary to discharge a party’s obligations 
under this Agreement, that party may disclose the other party’s 
Confidential Information to regulatory authorities, ethics committees, and 
institutional review boards. To the extent that Confidential Information 
contains the disclosing party’s standard operating procedures, confidential 
product specifications, proprietary data, trade secrets, or proprietary 
methods, no portion thereof may be photocopied or replicated in any way.
 
6.3         TME RESEARCH and COMPANY will comply with all Applicable Law 
relating to protection of personal information contained in the TME 
RESEARCH Data and COMPANY databases, respectively. Notwithstanding anything 
to the contrary herein, all individually identifiable information shall 
only be used and disclosed in accordance with HIPAA and Applicable Law. Any 
TME RESEARCH Data provided by TME RESEARCH to COMPANY will be provided in 
accordance with the Data Specifications as set forth in the applicable SOW, 
and any COMPANY Data and/or TME RESEARCH Data provided to a third party as 
intended under this Agreement or any SOW will be provided in accordance to 
HIPAA, specifically in a manner consistent with 45 C.F.R. Section 
164.514(b). Should COMPANY discover any TME RESEARCH Data that it 
reasonably should know should be de-identified as described above which is 
not de-identified, COMPANY will use its best efforts to promptly notify TME 
RESEARCH of such occurrence.
 
6.4         Disposal of Confidential Information. Each Party agrees that, 
upon the disclosing party’s written request, the receiving party will 
return to the disclosing party or destroy, as reasonably directed by the 
disclosing party. The foregoing notwithstanding, each receiving party may 
retain one (1) archival copy of the disclosing party’s Confidential 
Information in a limited access file for purposes of monitoring its ongoing 
obligations hereunder and to comply with any applicable regulatory 
requirements.
 
6.5         No License Granted. Except as provided herein or specifically 
in a SOW hereunder, disclosure of Confidential Information under this 
Agreement shall not be construed to create in or grant to the receiving 
party any license, right, title, interest, or ownership in or to any of the 
disclosing party’s Confidential Information.
 
Page 4 of 8 	Confidential
TME Research July 2014 Vers.02cf 	 
 

 

 

 
6.6          Injunctive Relief. Each party agrees that a breach of this 
Agreement by the receiving party may result in irreparable harm to the 
disclosing party for which money damages would be inadequate. Consequently, 
in the event of a breach or threatened breach by the receiving party of 
this Agreement, the disclosing party shall be entitled, without the 
requirement of posting a bond or other security, to seek equitable relief, 
including injunctive relief and specific performance in addition to other 
remedies available to the disclosing party at law or in equity.
 
7.           OWNERSHIP
 
7.1         No right or license, or assignment of either party's patent, 
copyright, trademark, trade secret is granted under this Agreement.
 
7.2         As between the parties, each party will retain full and 
exclusive ownership of all right, title, and interest in and to all of its 
Intellectual Property, including materials, documents, Data, methodologies, 
systems and inventions provided by either party to the other hereunder, 
except to the extent stated otherwise herein this Section 7.
 
7.3         Any and all materials, documents, data, methodologies, systems, 
inventions, discoveries, derivatives, enhancements and improvements that 
are deliverables or developed under a SOW, whether or not patentable, which 
are conceived, and prepared and/or developed, by TME RESEARCH in the course 
of performing the services shall be the sole and exclusive property of TME 
RESEARCH, except to the extent any COMPANY Intellectual Property is 
contained therein and except to the extent any reports or data analysis are 
developed or derived from the services provided to COMPANY by TME RESEARCH 
under the terms of this Agreement which are deliverables under this 
Agreement, in which case such derivative or newly developed data 
deliverables shall be owned by each party without the need to account to 
the other party. Either party shall have the right to use such derivative 
or newly developed data deliverables for its own business purposes without 
the need for authorization or consent from the other party.
 
7.4         Any and all materials, documents, data, methodologies, systems, 
inventions, discoveries, derivatives, enhancements and improvements that 
are deliverables or developed under a SOW, whether or not patentable, which 
are conceived, and prepared and/or developed, by COMPANY shall be the sole 
and exclusive property of COMPANY (“COMPANY DERIVED IP”), except to the 
extent any TME RESEARCH Intellectual Property is contained therein and 
except to the extent developed or derived by TME RESEARCH and provided to 
COMPANY under the terms of this Agreement, or to the extent Data is 
provided as a Deliverable to TME Research by COMPANY under the terms of 
this Agreement, in which case such derivative or newly developed data shall 
be owned by each party without the need to account to the other party. 
Either party shall have the right to use such derivative or newly developed 
data for its own business purposes without the need for authorization from 
the other party. For clarity, notwithstanding anything in this Agreement or 
SOW to the contrary, the parties agree that COMPANY DERIVED IP, shall at 
all times remain the sole and exclusive property of the COMPANY and shall 
include all materials, documents, data, methodologies, systems, inventions, 
discoveries, derivatives, enhancements and improvements, whether or not 
patentable, that are derived from the NextCYTE micro array test, including 
any such derivations using the TME RESEARCH Intellectual Property that is 
licensed or otherwise provided to COMPANY under this Agreement or any SOW. 
By way of example and without limitation, if a SOW requires that COMPANY 
provide any data, test, results or analysis of the NextCYTE micor array 
tests to TME then such data, test, result or analysis shall remain the sole 
and exclusive property of COMPANY.
 
7.5         For purposes of clarity, such business purposes mentioned in 
Sections 7.3 and 7.4 above shall include, but shall not be limited to, the 
right of publication under its own name and in accordance with Section 10. 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, the parties 
agree that if the other party’s name or products or reference to the 
project that is the subject of any particular SOW is made in writing, the 
other party shall have the right to review and comment on any such 
publication prior to release of such publication.
 
Page 5 of 8 	Confidential
TME Research July 2014 Vers.02cf 	 
 

 

 

 
8.           LIMITATION OF LIABILITY AND INDEMNIFICATION
 
8.1         EXCEPT AS PROVIDED BELOW, NEITHER PARTY OR ANY THIRD PARTY 
LICENSOR OF A PARTY SHALL BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, 
PUNITIVE, INCIDENTAL, OR INDIRECT DAMAGES, OR ANY DAMAGES FOR LOST DATA, 
BUSINESS INTERRUPTION, LOST PROFITS, LOST REVENUE, OR LOST BUSINESS, 
ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT, HOWEVER CAUSED AND 
BASED ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, ARISING OUT OF THIS AGREEMENT, WHETHER OR 
NOT SUCH PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE, AND 
NOTWITHSTANDING ANY FAILURE OF ESSENTIAL PURPOSE OF ANY LIMITED REMEDY. IN 
NO EVENT WILL THE AGGREGATE LIABILITY OF ANY PARTY UNDER THIS AGREEMENT 
EXCEED THE TOTAL FEES PAID UNDER THIS AGREEMENT OR THE APPLICABLE SOW 
DURING THE TWELVE MONTHS IMMEDIATELY PRECEDING THE EVENT GIVING RISE TO THE 
CAUSE OF ACTION.
 
8.2         Indemnification. Subject to Section 8.1 above, including 
without limitation the aggregate liability of each Party, each Party (the 
“Indemnifying Party”) shall indemnify and hold harmless the other Party, 
and their respective directors, employees, consultants and agents (the 
“Indemnified Parties”) from and against any and all liabilities, losses, 
damages, costs, and other expenses (including reasonable attorneys’ fees) 
(“Losses”) incurred by the Indemnified Parties as a result of any claim, 
demand, action or proceeding by any third party against such Indemnified 
Parties (each, a “Claim”) to the extent arising from or relating to any 
material breach of any representation, warranty, covenant, or obligation of 
the Indemnifying Party under this Agreement, or any gross negligence or 
willful misconduct by the Indemnifying Party or any of its employees, 
agents, or subcontractors, provided the Indemnifying Party is found liable 
for such expenses as adjudicated in a final court of competent 
jurisdiction, if the Indemnifying Party so chooses to go to a court of last 
resort, otherwise the initial court of competent jurisdiction.
 
8.3         Settlement. No settlement or compromise of a Claim subject to 
the indemnification provision will be binding on either Party without prior 
written consent. Such consent of settlement or compromise will not be 
unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed. Neither party will admit 
fault on behalf of the other Party without the prior written approval of 
that party.
 
9.           WARRANTIES AND DISCLAIMER
 
9.1          Each Party represents and warrants to the other that: (i) it 
has the full corporate or limited liability power, as applicable, to enter 
into this Agreement and to perform its obligations hereunder; (ii) this 
Agreement constitutes a legal, valid and binding obligation of such Party, 
enforceable against such Party in accordance with its terms; and (iii) this 
Agreement does not contravene, violate or conflict with any other agreement 
of such Party.
 
9.2          EXCEPT AS OTHERWISE SET FORTH IN THIS AGREEMENT, ALL 
MATERIALS, PRODUCTS AND SERVICES, IF ANY, ARE PROVIDED “AS IS,” “WHERE IS” 
AND WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND. EXCEPT AS SPECIFICALLY PROVIDED IN THIS 
AGREEMENT, NEITHER PARTY MAKES, AND EACH PARTY EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS, ANY 
REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES IN CONNECTION WITH ANY AND ALL MATERIALS, 
PRODUCTS AND SERVICES PROVIDED PURSUANT TO THIS AGREEMENT, WHETHER EXPRESS, 
IMPLIED, STATUTORY, OR OTHERWISE, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, WARRANTIES 
OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, NON-INFRINGEMENT OF 
THIRD PARTY RIGHTS, TITLE, ANY WARRANTIES ARISING OUT OF A COURSE OF 
PERFORMANCE, DEALING OR TRADE USAGE, AND THEIR EQUIVALENTS UNDER THE LAWS 
OF ANY JURISDICTION.
 
Page 6 of 8 	Confidential
TME Research July 2014 Vers.02cf 	 
 

 

 

 
10.         PUBLICITY
 
Except as necessary to perform the services and except as limited below in 
this Section, the parties agree they shall not disclose the existence or 
the terms and conditions of this Agreement or any associated Statements of 
Work to any third	party, except as	may be	required (i) to	implement or 
enforce the terms of this Agreement; (ii) by legal procedure or by	law; or 
(iii) by	an existing or potential investor, acquiring company, bank or 
other financial institution, under appropriate non-disclosure terms in 
connection with a merger, acquisition, financing, loan agreement or similar 
corporate transaction; and the parties agree they shall not, except as 
required by legal procedure or by law, without first obtaining the prior 
written consent of the other party, (i) announce this Agreement in a press 
release or promotional material, (ii) disclose TME RESEARCH as the source 
of any data provided to COMPANY to any third party without the written 
consent of TME RESEARCH; or (iii) use each other’s name, symbols or marks 
in any form of publicity without the prior written consent of the other 
party.
 
11.         INDEPENDENT CONTRACTOR
 
The relationship of the parties to each other under this Agreement is that 
of independent contractors, and nothing contained herein will be construed 
to constitute, create, or in any way be interpreted as, a joint venture, 
partnership, or business organization of any kind. Except as expressly 
provided for in this Agreement, under no circumstances will the employees 
or agents of one party be considered employees or agents of the other 
party. Neither party may act in a manner which expresses or implies a 
relationship other than that of independent contractor, nor bind the other 
party.
 
12.         ASSIGNMENT
 
Either party may assign this Agreement without the other party’s prior 
written consent to a successor in interest by reason of merger, 
acquisition, partnership, license agreement or otherwise; provided that no 
assignment to a direct competitor of the other party will be permitted 
without such other party’s prior written consent. Except as expressly 
provided in this Section, neither party will have the right to assign this 
Agreement or any of its rights or obligations hereunder without the prior 
written consent of the other party, which consent will not be unreasonably 
withheld, conditioned or delayed. Any attempt at assignment in violation	of 
this Section shall be null and void.
 
13.         DISPUTE RESOLUTION
 
If a dispute arises between the parties relating to this Agreement, the 
parties will meet and attempt to resolve the dispute in good faith. In the 
event the dispute is not resolved through negotiation within ten business 
days after said meeting, the parties will submit to confidential, 
non-binding mediation before a mutually acceptable mediator. Each party 
will designate at least one corporate officer with full authority to 
resolve the dispute who will attend and participate in the mediation. If 
the dispute remains unresolved after mediation, then each party will be 
free to pursue any available remedy at law or in equity. Each party will 
bear its own legal fees and any costs incurred under this Section.
 
14.         GENERAL
 
14.1        Notice. Any notice or communication required or permitted 
hereunder shall be in writing and shall be deemed received (i) on the date 
received if delivered by a reputable overnight delivery service, or (ii) 
three days after the date postmarked if sent by first class, registered or 
certified mail, with return receipt requested. Notice given under this 
Section 15.1 shall be sent to the parties at the addresses first cited 
above (or such other address as the applicable party may provide by written 
notice):
 
Page 7 of 8 	Confidential
TME Research July 2014 Vers.02cf 	 
 

 

 

 
14.2       Insurance. Each party will maintain in full force and effect 
throughout the performance of this Agreement worker’s compensation, general 
liability, automobile liability, and professional general or product 
liability insurance coverage in amounts appropriate to conduct its business 
and sufficient to cover its indemnification obligations hereunder, at its 
sole cost and expense.
 
14.3       Severability. If any term of this Agreement is declared 
unenforceable, then the unenforceability thereof will not affect the 
remaining terms of this Agreement, provided the commercial goals of the 
Agreement or relevant SOW may be reasonably met.
 
14.4       Waiver. Failure to enforce any of the terms or conditions of 
this Agreement will not constitute a waiver of any such terms or 
conditions, then or in the future, or of any other terms or conditions.
 
14.5       Governing Law and Forum; Compliance with Law. This Agreement 
will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State 
of Pennsylvania, without regard to its conflict of laws provisions. The 
parties hereby consent to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state and 
federal courts located in the State of Pennsylvania.
 
14.6       Compliance with Law. Each party is responsible for compliance 
with all Applicable Laws pertaining to the performance of its obligations 
under this Agreement, including without limitation HIPAA or any other 
applicable law relating to security or privacy of information or the 
exchange of health information.
 
14.7        Entire Agreement. This Agreement, including any Statement(s) of 
Work, amendments and attachments hereto, constitutes the entire 
understanding of the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter 
hereof and supersedes and replaces all prior contracts, agreements, and 
understandings relating to the same subject matter, whether written or 
oral. No waiver, consent, change or modification to this Agreement will be 
binding, unless in writing and signed by duly authorized representatives of 
TME RESEARCH and COMPANY. The Attachments and any amendments attached 
hereto and referenced herein shall constitute an integral part of this 
Agreement. Section titles and headings contained in this Agreement are 
intended for convenience only and are not intended to effect the 
interpretation or construction of any term or provision hereof. This 
Agreement may be executed in counterparts. Those provisions of this 
Agreement which, by their nature are meant to survive any termination of 
this Agreement will so survive.
 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Agreement through 
their duly authorized representatives as of the Effective Date.
 
TME Research 	  	The National Reference Laboratory for
Breast Health, Inc.
  	  	  	  	 
By: 	/s/ Mark Gittleman 	  	By: 	/s/ Kyle Guse
Name: 	Mark Gittleman 	  	Name: 	Kyle Guse
Title: 	President 	  	Title: 	CFO
Date: 	9/1/14 	  	Date: 	9/15/14
 
Page 8 of 8 	Confidential
TME Research July 2014 Vers.02cf 	 
 

 

 

 
 
EXHIBIT A
Statement of Work
 
TME Research, LLC
and
The National Reference Laboratory for Breast Health, Inc.
 
Project: NextCyte Full Transcriptome Data Analysis of Patients with 
Invasive Breast Cancer
 
Terms and Conditions
 
This Statement of Work, effective as of September 1, 2014, (the "Effective 
Date of the Statement of Work"), is entered into pursuant to and under the 
terms and conditions of the TME Research Master Services Agreement between 
TME Research and The National Reference Laboratory for Breast Health, Inc. 
effective as of August 29, 2014. The terms of the TME Research Master 
Services Agreement ("Master Agreement") and the terms of this Statement of 
Work shall apply to this project. Should there be any inconsistencies 
between the terms, the terms of this Statement of Work shall take 
precedence.
 
Overall Obiectives/Scope of Work
 
In accordance with the terms and conditions in the Master Agreement and the 
terms of this SOW and any of its Exhibits or other agreed to documents duly 
signed by representatives of the parties, the major objectives are as 
defined below:
 
Objective: To provide matched sets of de—identified tissue samples and 
clinically annotated retrospective data on 100 breast cancer patients for 
testing and evaluation of the NextCyte gene test
 
Tasks include:
 
· 	TME will provide to NRLBH tissue sample slides from formalin fixed 
paraffin embedded (FFPE) blocks and matched de—identified clinically 
annotated data (de—identified in accordance with HIPAA regulations) such as 
patient age, tumor characteristics, nodal status, staging, recurrence and 
death, as defined by NRLBH requirements and agreed to in writing by both 
parties
· 	NRLBH to use its NextCyte gene chip microarray test on the tissue 
samples provided by TME and provide per sample results back to TME
· 	NRLBH shall perform own data analysis and provide the results of such 
testing and analysis to TME
· 	TME will provide Consultant Services, at the rates stated below, 
including interpretation of these data clinical value, and recommendations 
for next steps, if desired by NRLBH
  
SOW for NextCyte Full Transcriptome Analysis of Patients for TME Research 	
  	CONFIDENTIAL
 

  	  	 

 

  
If mutually desirable and agreed upon by NRLBH and TME for the fees 
outlined below for Consulting Services, TME principle investigators may 
co—author publication/s of the results
 
TME Tissue Samples with Clinical Annotations will be provided per the 
description below:
· 	100 FFPE de—identified (no patient identifiers) breast tissue samples 
with clinically relevant annotations specific to the NRLBH testing 
objective/s for NextCyte gene chip microarray test to include:
o   50 from patients diagnosed with node positive disease with five year 
minimum follow up
o   50 from patients diagnosed with node negative disease with five year 
minimum follow up
o   Samples from up to 4 diverse breast specialist practices
Clinical annotations will include traditional pathologic parameters and the 
5year + follow up data, such parameters as requested by NRLBH and agreed to 
in writing by TME.
 
Tissue Sample/Data Use
 
All of the data/samples/reports provided by TME to NRLBH, as documented 
within this SOW, will be used for the sole purpose of establishing that 
NextCyte gene chip microarray test alone and/or in conjunction with the 
clinical and pathology report results can analyze breast cancer from FFPE 
tissues samples in a retrospective cohort and predict:
 
    1) Lymph node status
    2) Five year recurrence
    3) Systemic treatment impact
 
The tissue samples, or any parts thereof, and/or annotated clinical data 
provided by TME shall not be used for any other purpose(s) unless agreed to 
in writing by TME prior to such use(s). The parties agree that the tissue 
samples or any data provided by TME to NRLBH will not be used for subject 
identification. The parties agree that certain other uses may require a 
separate agreement, including separate costs, for such usage, that is 
agreed upon by the parties.
 
Deliverables and Timelines
 
Deliverable 	  	Timeline
  	  	 
TME provide a total of 100 patient tissue samples plus matched clinical 
data 	  	As soon as practically feasible after Master Agreement and SOW 
signing and upon receipt of clinical data requirements from NRLBH
  	  	 
TME provide additional tissue samples plus clinical data to complete the 
project (as needed and determined by NRLBH) 	  	As soon as practically 
feasible after receipt of request
  	  	 
NRLBH to provide sample test results to TME 	  	Upon completion of testing
  	  	 
NRLBH provide to TME analysis and review of aggregate and analyzed data 	  	
TBD
  	  	 
TME provide Consulting services 	  	TBD
  
SOW for NextCyte Full Transcriptome Analysis for TME Research 	   2 	
CONFIDENTIAL
 

  	  	 

 

 
Compensation
 
Based on the scope of the project outlined in this Statement of Work, the 
total cost of this project will be $162,600, plus any additional fees for 
Consulting Services billed at the hourly Consultant rate provided herein.
 
Payment Schedule
 
The parties agree to the payment amounts and due dates for such payments as 
provided below. Payments shall be made by NRLBH by check to TME:
 
TME Research
Suite 302
250 Cetronia Road
Allentown, Pa. 18104
 
Description of Services Provided 	  	Due Date 	  	Amount
  	  	  	  	 
Start—Up Costs:
· Study Concept development including review of data requirements and 
objectives, create data collection strategy, development of research 
protocol and clinically annotated data collection tool and IRB submission 
for PI and Sub—investigators
· Licensing of/Access to/utilization of TME database for study purposes
· Investigator site start up and training costs
· PI site admin/closing costs/document storage, etc.
· Investigator path lab start up and training costs
  	At Master Agreement and SOW Signing, receipt of data requirements from 
NRLBH 	  	$99,600
  	  	  	  	 
Slide Preparation & Delivery — Initial Delivery:
· Study Supervision—Clinical Coordinator/project manager
· Screening and enrollment of patients for inclusion
· Pathology slide prep, shipping
· Data extraction and organization from TME database
  	At time of Initial Delivery of first 25 samples plus data sets 	  	
$31,500
  
SOW for NextCyte Full Transcriptome Analysis for TME Research 	   3 	
CONFIDENTIAL
  

  	  	 

 

  
Slide Preparation & Delivery — Final Delivery & Payment for any Additional 
Slide Delivery:
· Study Supervision—Clinical Coordinator/project manager
· Screening and enrollment of patients for inclusion
· Pathology slide prep, shipping,
· Data extraction and delivery from TME database
  	At time of final Delivery 	  	$31,500
  	  	  	  	 
Additional patient screening, data extraction, preparation slide and 
shipping to meet stated objective of 100 evaluable patients 	  	Upon 
Delivery 	  	$450 per slide set with annotated data (slide set defined as 
set of FFPE slides provided for each patient)
Consulting Services:
• Analysis
• Interpretation/recommendations
• Publications
  	TBD (as agreed to in writing by the parties) 	  	$500/hour/consultant
 
Additional Terms
 
In addition to the terms and conditions of the Master Agreement, the 
parties agree:
(1) 	that TME shall have the right to audit the processes/procedures used 
by NRLBH to conduct the testing and to audit the results of the tests 
reported by NRLBH. Such audit(s) will be conducted at a reasonable time and 
place agreed to by the parties after such request for audit is made by TME. 
All TME costs associated with such audit shall be borne by TME; and
 
Administrative Detail
     
· 	All state and federal laws regarding privacy, including HIPAA, will be 
followed in this engagement.
· 	This Statement of Work is consistent with meeting the protections 
stipulated by the Department of Health and Human Services' regulations 
related to the payment for personal and/or management services set forth at 
42 C.F.R. §1001.952(d). No health care providers will receive any payments, 
or other remuneration, for the purpose of inducing them to utilize any TME 
product or service.
· 	TME represents and warrants that the fees charged to NRLBH are standard 
and are at or below the rates charged to other TME customers for the same 
or similar services. These rates are Fair Market Value (FMV) for the 
expertise offered by TME.
      
SOW for NextCyte Full Transcriptome Analysis for TME Research 	   4 	
CONFIDENTIAL
     

  	  	 

 

 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have accepted and agreed to this Statement 
of Work:
  
TME Research, LLC 	  	The National Reference Laboratory for Breast Health, 
Inc.
  	  	  	  	 
By: 	/s/ Mark Gittleman 	  	By: 	/s/ Kyle Guse
Name: 	Mark Gittleman 	  	Name: 	Kyle Guse
Title: 	President 	  	Title: 	CFO
Date: 	9/1/14 	  	Date: 	9/14/14
 
SOW for NextCyte Full Transcriptome Analysis for TME Research 	   5 	
CONFIDENTIAL
  

  	  	 