 EX-10.1 2 incentiveplan.htm EXHIBIT
Exhibit 10.1


      BODY CENTRAL CORP.
      2015 ANNUAL INCENTIVE PLAN

      SECTION 1. PURPOSE OF THE PLAN

      The Body Central Corp. 2015 Annual Incentive Plan (the “Plan”) is a
      performance-based incentive program. The purpose of the Plan is to
      provide cash-based incentive compensation to those officers,
      executives, and key employees who, in the opinion of Body Central
      Corp. (the “Company”), contribute significantly to the growth and
      success of the Company; to attract and retain individuals of
      outstanding ability; and to align the interests of those who hold
      positions of major responsibility in the Company with the interests
      of Company shareholders. The Plan is intended to constitute a
      qualified performance-based compensation plan under Section
      162(m)(4)(c) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the
      “Code”), and shall be administered and interpreted so to ensure such
      compliance.

      SECTION 2. DEFINITIONS

      Unless the context otherwise indicates, the following definitions
      shall be applicable:

      “Affiliated Entity” shall mean any corporation, partnership, limited
      liability company, business trust, or other person or entity
      controlling, controlled by or under common control with the Company,
      as determined by the Committee.

      “Award” shall mean a right granted to a Participant pursuant to
      Section 5 of the Plan to receive a cash payment from the Company
      based upon achievement of the Participant’s Performance Goal(s)
      during the relevant Performance Period and subject to the Committee’s
      discretion pursuant to Section 6.B of the Plan.

      “Base Salary” shall mean the actual base salary in effect at the end
      of the Performance Period to which an Award applies as shown in the
      payroll/personnel records of the Company.

      “Board” shall mean the Board of Directors of the Company.

      “Code” shall mean the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended from
      time to time; references to particular sections of the Code include
      references to regulations and rulings thereunder and to successor
      provisions.

      “Committee” shall mean the Compensation Committee, appointed by the
      Board consisting of two or more directors, each of whom is an
      “outside director” within the meaning of
      Section 162(m)(4)(c)(i) of the Code.

      “Company” shall mean Body Central Corp., a Delaware corporation, its
      successors and assigns.

      “Covered Employee” shall mean an individual who with respect to a
      Performance Period is a “covered employee” within the meaning of
      Section 162(m) of the Code.

      “Disability” shall mean a physical or mental impairment sufficient to
      make a Participant eligible for benefits under the Company’s
      long-term disability plan; provided, however, that if payment or
      settlement of an award subject to Section 409A of the Code is to be
      accelerated solely as a result of a Participant’s Disability,
      Disability shall have the meaning set forth in Section 409A of the
      Code.


------------------------------------------------------------------------

      “Employee” shall mean any employee of the Company or an Affiliated
      Entity or any person to whom an offer of employment with the Company
      or an Affiliated Entity is extended.

      “GAAP” shall mean generally accepted accounting principles set forth
      in the opinions, statements and pronouncements of the Financial
      Accounting Standards Board (or predecessors or successors thereto or
      agencies with similar functions) or in such other statements by such
      other entity as may be in general use by significant segments of the
      accounting profession, which are applicable to the circumstances as
      of the date of determination and in any event applied in a manner
      consistent with the application thereof used in the preparation of
      the Company’s financial statements.

      “Maximum Award Opportunity” shall mean an amount equal to a
      percentage of Base Salary to be awarded to a Participant with respect
      to a single Performance Period upon achieving the maximum level of
      performance respecting a Performance Goal as established by the
      Committee pursuant to Section 5 of the Plan. In no event, however,
      shall a Participant who is a Covered Employee receive payment under
      all Awards with Performance Periods ending within a single fiscal
      year of the Company in excess of $10 million.

      “Participant” shall have the meaning ascribed to it in Section 4 of
      the Plan.

      “Performance Goal” shall mean performance objectives established by
      the Committee for each Performance Period for the purpose of
      determining the extent to which a Participant will receive payment
      under an Award for such Performance Period. With respect to Awards
      made to Participants who are Covered Employees, the Performance
      Goal(s) selected for a particular Performance Period must include one
      or more of the following performance criteria, either individually or
      in any combination, applied to the Company as a whole, to an
      Affiliated Entity, to a business unit of the Company or any
      Affiliated Entity, or to any individual, measured either annually or
      cumulatively over a period of time, on an absolute basis or relative
      to an identified index or peer group, and, where applicable, may be
      measured on a pre-tax or post-tax basis, in the aggregate or on a
      per-share basis and on an absolute basis or as a percentage change
      over a period of time: net sales; comparable store sales; cost of
      goods sold; gross margin; cost of sales; gross income; operating
      income; earnings (including before taxes, and/or interest and/or
      depreciation and amortization); net income; earnings per share
      (including diluted earnings per share; before or after extraordinary
      items); operating margin; pre-tax profit; net profit margin; price
      per share; cash flow; net cash provided by operating activities; net
      cash provided by operating activities less net cash used in investing
      activities; net cash provided by operating activities less capital
      expenditures; ratio of debt to debt plus equity; return on
      stockholder equity; return on capital; return on assets; return on
      equity; return on investment; operating working capital; working
      capital as a percentage of net sales; cost of capital; average
      accounts receivable; inventory turnover; economic value added;
      performance value added; stock price; total stockholder return;
      customer satisfaction; customer loyalty and/or retention; market
      share; new store openings; mergers and/or acquisitions; cost
      structure reduction; cost savings; operating goals; employee
      satisfaction and/or retention.  With respect to Awards made to
      Participants who are not Covered Employees, or for purposes of
      reducing the amount payable under an Award that is intended to
      qualify as performance-based compensation under Code Section 162(m),
      the Performance Goal(s) selected for a particular Performance Period
      may include any of the goals listed above or any other goals,
      including subjective goals, selected by the Committee.

      “Performance Period” shall mean the period (not to exceed one fiscal
      year of the Company) designated by the Committee and communicated to
      each Participant over which the attainment of the Performance
      Goal(s), will be measured for purposes of determining payment of an
      Award or, for an Employee who is first hired as an employee after the
      first day of such period and who becomes a Participant during such
      period, such portion of the period as determined by the Committee
      consistent with the requirements of Section 162(m) of the Code.


2
------------------------------------------------------------------------

      “Plan” shall mean the Body Central Corp. 2015 Annual Incentive Plan,
      as amended from time to time.

      “Sale Event” shall have the meaning given in the Body Central Corp.
      Third Amended and Restated 2006 Equity Incentive Plan, as in effect
      from time to time, or any similar successor plan thereto.

SECTION 3. PLAN ADMINISTRATION

      A.The Committee.

      The Plan will be administered by the Committee. The Committee may
      adopt rules and regulations for carrying out the Plan. The
      interpretation and construction of any provision of the Plan or any
      Award letter by the Committee shall be final and conclusive. The
      Committee may consult with counsel, who may be counsel to the
      Company, and shall not incur any liability for any action taken in
      good faith in reliance upon the advice of counsel. In accordance with
      and subject to the provisions of the Plan, the Committee will have
      full authority and discretion with respect to Awards made under the
      Plan, including without limitation the following (a) selecting the
      key Employees to be Participants; (b) establishing the terms of each
      Award; (c) determining the time or times when Awards will be granted;
      and (d) establishing the restrictions and other conditions to which
      the payment of Awards may be subject. Other than as permitted by
      Section 3.B and Section 6.B, the Committee will have no authority
      under the Plan to amend or modify, in any manner, the terms of any
      outstanding Award in a manner that would adversely affect the
      Participant’s rights under the Award. Each determination,
      interpretation, or other action made or taken by the Committee
      pursuant to the provisions of the Plan will be conclusive and binding
      for all purposes and on all persons, and no individual who is serving
      as a member of the Committee will be liable for any action or
      determination made in good faith with respect to the Plan or any
      Award granted under the Plan.

      B.Adjustments.

      In the event of (a) any merger, reorganization, consolidation,
      recapitalization, liquidation, reclassification, stock dividend,
      stock split, combination of shares, rights, offering, extraordinary
      dividend (including a spin-off), or other similar change affecting
      the Company’s shares; (b) any purchase, acquisition, sale, or
      disposition of a significant amount of assets other than in the
      ordinary course of business, or of a significant business; (c) any
      change resulting from the accounting effects of discontinued
      operations, extraordinary income or loss, changes in accounting as
      determined under GAAP, or restatement of earnings; or (d) any charge
      or credit resulting from an item which is classified as
      “non-recurring,” “restructuring,” or similar unusual item on the
      Company’s audited annual Statement of Operations which, in the case
      of (a) - (d), results in a change in the components of the
      calculations of any of the Performance Goals as established by the
      Committee, in each case with respect to the Company or any other
      entity whose performance is relevant to the achievement of any
      Performance Goal, upon which an Award is based, the Committee shall,
      without the consent of any affected Participant, amend or modify the
      terms of any outstanding Award that is based in whole or in part on
      the performance of the Company (or any Affiliated Entity or division
      thereof) or such other entity so as equitably to reflect such event
      or events; provided, however, that the Committee shall not take any
      action pursuant to this Section which would constitute an
      impermissible exercise of discretion pursuant to Section 162(m) of
      the Code.


      SECTION 4. PARTICIPATION

      The Participants for any Performance Period shall be those key
      Employees who are granted Awards by the Committee under the Plan for
      such Performance Period.

      SECTION 5. ESTABLISHMENT OF PERFORMANCE GOALS

3
------------------------------------------------------------------------


      Prior to the beginning of each Performance Period, or not later than
      90 days following the commencement of the relevant Performance Period
      (or, in the case of a Performance Period for a period of time of less
      than 12 months’ duration, no later than by the end of the first 25%
      of such period or such earlier date as may be required pursuant to
      Section 162(m) of the Code), the Committee shall establish and
      communicate in writing to each Participant the specific Performance
      Goals, which must be achieved for each Participant to receive an
      Award payment for such Performance Period. The Performance Goals may
      include a threshold level of performance below which no Award payment
      shall be earned, target levels of performance at which specific Award
      payments will be earned, and a maximum level of performance at which
      the maximum level of Award payment will be earned, provided, however, 
      that no such maximum level of Award payment in respect of any
      Performance Period shall exceed the Maximum Award Opportunity.

      For a Covered Employee who is first hired as an employee and who
      becomes a Participant after the first day of the Performance Period,
      the Performance Goals and other criteria as set forth in this Section
      5 shall be established by the Committee and communicated to the
      Participant within the time period permitted by Section 162(m) of the
      Code.


      SECTION 6. PAYMENT OF AWARDS

      A.Performance Period Payments.

      The Committee shall make a determination as soon as practicable
      following the completion of each applicable Performance Period, or
      such portion of the applicable Performance Period as the Committee
      shall determine, whether the Performance Goal(s) have been achieved
      and the amount of the Award payment for each Participant, provided,
      however, that in no event will an Award payment payable under this
      Plan exceed the Maximum Award Opportunity. The Committee shall
      certify the foregoing determinations in writing.

      Payment of each Award in a cash lump sum, less applicable withholding
      taxes pursuant to Section 9 of the Plan, shall be made as soon as
      practicable after certification by the Committee, provided, however, 
      that any such payment shall be made no later than March 15 of the
      year immediately following the year in which the applicable
      Performance Period expires. To the extent the Company should later
      determine that an Award was incorrectly paid or calculated, the
      Participant shall return to the Company the amount of any such
      incorrect payment.

      B.Discretionary Downward Adjustments.

      At any time after an Award has been granted but before the Award has
      been paid, the Committee, in its sole and absolute discretion, may
      reduce or eliminate the Award for any reason or for no reason,
      including, without limitation, the Committee’s judgment that the
      Performance Goals have become an inappropriate measure of
      achievement, a change in the employment status, position or duties of
      the Participant, unsatisfactory performance of the Participant, or
      the Participant’s service for less than the entire Performance
      Period.

      SECTION 7. TERMINATION OF EMPLOYMENT

      A.General Rule.

      Except as set forth below, in order to receive payment of an Award, a
      Participant must be employed by the Company or an Affiliated Entity
      on the last day of the Performance Period for such Award. This
      Section 7(A) shall be deemed to supersede any contrary provision of
      any employment contract

4
------------------------------------------------------------------------

      that the Participant may have with the Company or an Affiliated
      Entity.

      B.Termination Due to Death, Disability, or Retirement.

      In the event a Participant’s employment with the Company and all
      Affiliated Entities is terminated by reason of death, Disability, or
      retirement, as defined by the Committee, prior to the end of the
      Performance Period, the Participant (or the Participant’s estate)
      (subject to the Committee’s discretion as allowed by Sections 3.A and
      6.B of the Plan) shall be entitled to a distribution of the Award
      that would otherwise have been payable to the Participant on the
      payment date pursuant to Section 6 of the Plan after the completion
      of the Performance Period, pro-rated based upon a fraction, the
      numerator of which is the number of full days worked on active
      payroll in an incentive-eligible position during the applicable
      Performance Period and the denominator of which is the number of days
      in such Performance Period (or the number of days remaining in such
      Performance Period after the individual is assigned to an
      incentive-eligible position), as determined by the Committee. For
      avoidance of doubt, no amount shall be payable pursuant to this
      Section 7(B) unless the Performance Goal(s) for such Performance
      Period are achieved.

      C.Termination for Reasons Other than Death, Disability, or
      Retirement.

      In the event a Participant’s employment is terminated with the
      Company and all Affiliated Entities prior to the end of the
      Performance Period for any reason other than death, Disability, or
      retirement, the Participant’s Award for such Performance Period shall
      be immediately forfeited and the Participant shall have no right to
      any payment thereafter; provided, however, that under such
      circumstances the Committee may, in its sole discretion, pay the
      Participant an amount not to exceed a percentage of the amount earned
      according to the terms of the Award equal to the portion of the
      Performance Period that the Participant was employed, subject to the
      achievement of the Performance Goal(s) for such Performance Period.

      SECTION 8. SALE EVENT

      If a Sale Event occurs, then notwithstanding any other provisions of
      the Plan, each outstanding Award shall be deemed to have achieved a
      level of performance equal to the greater of (1) the target level of
      performance, or (2) the level that would have been achieved as of the
      end of the Performance Period had achievement continued at the rate
      in effect as of the date of the Sale Event ,as determined by the
      Committee. The Award amount payable shall then be pro-rated based on
      the length of time the Participant has been employed during the
      Performance Period through the date of the Sale Event. Payment of an
      Award under this Section 8 shall be made as soon as practicable, but
      in no event later than 60 days following such Sale Event and
      thereafter the Award will be deemed cancelled.

      SECTION 9. PAYMENT OF WITHHOLDING TAXES

      All payments under the Plan are subject to withholding of all
      applicable taxes. The Company may condition the delivery of benefits
      under the Plan on satisfaction of the applicable withholding
      obligations and is entitled to withhold and deduct from the payment
      made pursuant to an Award or from future wages of the Participant (or
      from other amounts that may be due and owing to the Participant from
      the Company), or make other arrangements for the collection of, all
      legally required amounts necessary to satisfy any and all federal,
      state, and local withholding and employment-related tax requirements
      attributable to any payment made pursuant to an Award.


      SECTION 10. PLAN AMENDMENT, MODIFICATION, AND TERMINATION

      The Committee or the Board may suspend or terminate the Plan or any
      portion thereof at any time

5
------------------------------------------------------------------------

      and for any reason in its sole discretion; provided that no
      suspension or termination may adversely affect any outstanding Awards
      without the consent of the Participants affected thereby. The
      Committee or the Board may amend the Plan from time to time in such
      respects as the Committee or the Board may deem advisable in order
      that Awards under the Plan will conform to any change in applicable
      laws or regulations or in any other respect the Committee or the
      Board may deem to be in the best interests of the Company; provided,
      however, that no amendments to the Plan will be effective without the
      approval of the shareholders of the Company if shareholder approval
      of the amendment is then required for the Plan to continue to be a
      qualified performance-based compensation plan pursuant to Section
      162(m) of the Code; and provided further that no amendments to the
      Plan may adversely affect any outstanding Awards without the consent
      of the Participants affected thereby.

      SECTION 11. NON-FUNDED, UNSECURED OBLIGATION

      A.Neither a Participant nor any other person shall, by reason of
      participation in the Plan, acquire any right in or title to any
      assets, funds or property of the Company whatsoever, including,
      without limitation, any specific funds, assets, or other property
      which the Company, in its sole discretion, may set aside in
      anticipation of a liability under the Plan. A Participant shall have
      only a contractual right to the cash, if any, payable under the Plan,
      unsecured by any assets of the Company, and nothing contained in the
      Plan shall constitute a guarantee that the assets of the Company
      shall be sufficient to pay any benefits to any person. To the extent
      that a Participant acquires a right to receive such a cash payment
      under the Plan, such right shall be no greater than the right of any
      unsecured, general creditor of the Company.

      B.No portion of any amount payable to Participants under the Plan
      shall be required to be held by the Company in trust or escrow or any
      other form of asset segregation.

      SECTION 12. EFFECTIVE DATE AND DURATION OF THE PLAN


      The Plan was approved by the Board on November 6, 2014. The Plan is
      subject to shareholder approval as required by Section 162(m) of the
      Code. The Plan will become effective if approved at the Company’s
      2015 annual meeting of shareholders and shall remain in effect until
      such time as the Plan is terminated as provided in Section 10. No
      amounts will be paid pursuant to the Plan unless and until such time
      shareholder approval is obtained. Any payments pursuant to Awards
      outstanding upon termination of the Plan may continue to be made in
      accordance with the terms of the Awards, subject to the authority of
      the Committee and the Board pursuant to Sections 3 and 10 of the
      Plan.

      SECTION 13. MISCELLANEOUS

      A.Employment.

      The Plan does not constitute a contract of employment and nothing in
      the Plan will interfere with or limit in any way the right of the
      Company to terminate the employment or otherwise modify the terms and
      conditions of the employment of any Employee or Participant at any
      time, nor confer upon any Employee or Participant any right to
      continue in the employ of the Company or any Affiliated Entity.

      B.Restrictions or Transfer.

      Except pursuant to testamentary will or the laws of descent and as
      otherwise expressly permitted by the Plan, no right or interest of
      any Participant in an Award will be assignable or transferable, or
      subjected to any lien, during the lifetime of the Participant, either
      voluntarily or involuntarily, directly or indirectly, by operation of
      law or otherwise.

6
------------------------------------------------------------------------


      C.Governing Law.

      Except in connection with other matters of corporate governance and
      authority (all of which shall be governed by the laws of the
      Company’s jurisdiction of incorporation), the validity, construction,
      interpretation, administration, and effect of the Plan and any rules,
      regulations, and actions relating to the Plan will be governed by and
      construed exclusively in accordance with the internal, substantive
      laws of the State of Delaware, without regard to the conflict of law
      rules of the State of Delaware or any other jurisdiction.

      D.Clawbacks.

      To the extent required by applicable laws, rules, regulations or
      securities exchange listing requirements, or any Company policy
      implementing the foregoing, the Company shall have the right, and
      shall take all actions necessary, to recover any amounts paid to any
      individual under this Plan.

      E.Code Section 162(m).

      It is the intent of the Company that the Plan comply fully with and
      meet all the applicable requirements of Code Section 162(m) and the
      regulations thereunder with respect to Awards made to Covered
      Employees. If any provision of the Plan or if any Award would
      otherwise conflict with the intent expressed in this subsection (E),
      that provision, to the extent possible, shall be interpreted so as to
      avoid such conflict. To the extent of any remaining irreconcilable
      conflict with such intent, such provision shall be deemed void as
      applicable to Covered Employees. Nothing herein shall be interpreted
      to preclude a Participant who is or may be a Covered Employee from
      receiving any remuneration from the Company that is awarded not
      pursuant to the Plan or does not comply with Code Section 162(m).

      F.Code Section 409A.

      The Plan and all Awards granted hereunder are intended to comply
      with, or otherwise be exempt from, Code Section 409A. The Plan and
      all Awards shall be administered, interpreted, and construed in a
      manner consistent with Code Section 409A or an exemption therefrom.
      Should any provision of the Plan, any Award hereunder, or any other
      agreement or arrangement contemplated by the Plan be found not to
      comply with, or otherwise be exempt from, the provisions of Code
      Section 409A, such provision shall be modified and given effect
      (retroactively if necessary), in the sole discretion of the
      Committee, and without the consent of the Participant, in such manner
      as the Committee determines to be necessary or appropriate to comply
      with, or to effectuate an exemption from, Code Section 409A. Without
      limiting the foregoing and notwithstanding anything contained herein
      to the contrary, to the extent required in order to avoid accelerated
      taxation or tax penalties under Section 409A, amounts that would
      otherwise be payable and benefits that would otherwise be provided
      pursuant to this Plan during the six-month period immediately
      following the Employee’s separation from service shall instead be
      paid on the first business day after the date that is six months
      following the Executive’s termination date (or death, if earlier),
      with interest from the date such amounts would otherwise have been
      paid at the short-term applicable federal rate, compounded
      semi-annually, as determined under Section 1274 of the Code, for the
      month in which payment would have been made but for the delay in
      payment required to avoid the imposition of an additional rate of tax
      on the Employee under Section 409A. Any payments to be made under
      this Plan upon a termination of employment shall only be made if such
      termination of employment constitutes a “separation from service”
      under Section 409A to the extent required in order to avoid
      accelerated taxation or tax penalties under Section 409A. For
      purposes of Section 409A, each payment made under this Plan shall be
      treated as a separate payment. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the
      Company makes no representations that the payments and benefits
      provided under this Plan comply with

7
------------------------------------------------------------------------

      Section 409A and in no event shall the Company be liable for all or
      any portion of any taxes, penalties, interest or other expenses that
      may be incurred by the Employee on account of non-compliance with
      Section 409A.

      G.Successors.

      The Plan will be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the
      successors of the Company and the Participants.


8
------------------------------------------------------------------------


      Grant Letter


      Effective [date] (the “Effective Date”), you have been offered an
      Award from Body Central Corp. (the “Company”) pursuant to the Plan
      identified above. This Award entitles you to the right to receive a
      cash payment on the Payment Date specified below, subject to the
      terms and conditions of the Plan if the Company achieves certain
      Performance Goals as determined by the Committee in its discretion as
      set forth below.

      Your Maximum Award Opportunity: $[Base Salary x %]



      Your Performance Goals and Incremental Projected Amount: [insert
      “scorecard” containing goals as established by the Committee with
      corresponding achievable Award payments]


      Performance Period: mm/dd/yyyy to mm/dd/yyyy


      Payment Timing: Payments earned pursuant to this Award will be made
      no later than March 15 of the year following the year in which the
      Performance Period ends.

      Deemed Acceptance. You are required to accept the terms and
      conditions set forth in this Grant Letter and the Plan, which is made
      a part of this document, within 60 days following the Effective Date
      (the “Acceptance Period”) in order for you to receive the Award
      granted to you hereunder. If you wish to decline this Award, you must
      expressly reject this Notice prior to the end of the Acceptance
      Period. For your benefit, if you have not rejected this Grant Letter
      prior to the end of the Acceptance Period, you will be deemed to have
      automatically accepted this Award and all the terms and conditions
      set forth in this Grant Letter and the Plan. Any capitalized terms
      used but not defined in this Grant Letter have the same meanings
      given to them in the Plan.




9