 EX-10.1 8 v393477_ex10-1.htm EXHIBIT 10.1
 
Exhibit 10.1
 
SUBSCRIPTION AGREEMENT
 
SUBSCRIPTION AGREEMENT (this “Agreement”) made as of this 10th day of 
February, 2010, between Deerfield Resources, Ltd., a Nevada corporation 
(the “Company”), and the undersigned (the “Subscriber”).
 
RECITALS
 
A.           Pursuant to a Confidential Private Placement Memorandum dated 
January 14, 2010 (the “PPM”), the Company is offering in a private 
placement (the “Offering”) to accredited investors a minimum of 50 Units 
(the “Minimum Offering”) and a maximum of 80 Units (the “Maximum Offering
”) at a purchase price of $125,000 per Unit, or up to 96 Units if the 
Company elects to accept over-subscriptions, with each Unit (the “Units”) 
consisting of 100,000 shares of the Company’s common stock, par value $.001 
per share (the “Common Stock”), and a five-year detachable warrant (the “
Warrant”) to purchase 50,000 shares of Common Stock with an exercise price 
of $1.60 per share. The Common Stock and Warrants comprising the Units, and 
the shares of Common Stock underlying the Warrants are collectively 
referred to as the Securities.”
 
B.           The Subscriber desires to purchase from the Company the number 
of Units set forth on the signature page hereof, on the terms and 
conditions hereinafter set forth.
 
C.           The Company and the Subscriber are executing and delivering 
this Agreement in reliance upon the exemption from securities registration 
afforded by the provisions of Regulation D (“Regulation D”) promulgated by 
the United States Securities and Exchange Commission under the Securities 
Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”).
 
D.           Contemporaneously with the termination of the Offering, the 
parties hereto will execute and deliver (i) a Registration Rights Agreement 
(the “Registration Rights Agreement”) substantially in the form of Exhibit 
A attached hereto, to provide for certain registration rights with respect 
to the Securities; (ii) the Warrants, substantially in the form of Exhibit 
R, and (iii) the Lock-up Agreement (the “Lock-up Agreement”), substantially 
in the form of Exhibit C hereto. This Agreement, the Registration Rights 
Agreement, the Warrants and the Lock-up Agreement, are collectively 
referred to as the “Transaction Documents.”
 
AGREEMENT
 
NOW, THEREFORE, for and in consideration of the premises and the mutual 
covenants hereinafter set forth, and for other good and valuable 
consideration, the receipt and adequacy of which are hereby acknowledged, 
the parties hereto do hereby agree as follows:
 
ARTICLE I.
SUBSCRIPTION FOR AND
REPRESENTATIONS AND COVENANTS OF SUBSCRIBER
 
1.1           Subject to the terms and conditions hereinafter set forth, 
the Subscriber hereby subscribes for, and agrees to purchase from, the 
Company such number of Units set forth upon the signature page hereof, at a 
price equal to $125,000 per Unit (the “Purchase Price”), and the Company 
agrees to sell such Units to the Subscriber for the Purchase Price, subject 
to the Company’s right to sell to the Subscriber a lesser number of Units 
as the Company may, in its sole discretion, deem necessary or desirable. 
The purchase price is payable by wire transfer of immediately available 
funds, pursuant to the wire instructions attached hereto as Exhibit D to 
Bank of North Georgia as escrow agent (the “Escrow Agent”) to the Company.
 

 

 

 
1.2           The Subscriber recognizes that the purchase of the Units 
involves a high degree of risk in that: (i) an investment in the Company is 
highly speculative and only investors who can afford the loss of their 
entire investment should consider investing in the Company and the Units; 
(ii) the Securities are not registered under the Securities Act, or any 
state securities law; (iii) there is no trading market for the Securities, 
none is likely ever to develop, and the Subscriber may not be able to 
liquidate his, her or its investment in the Company; (iv) transferability 
of the Securities is extremely limited; and (v) an investor could suffer 
the loss of his, her or its entire investment.
 
1.3           If the Subscriber is a business entity, it is an entity duly 
organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the 
jurisdiction of its organization with the requisite corporate or 
partnership power and authority to enter into and to consummate the 
transactions contemplated by this Agreement and otherwise to carry out its 
obligations thereunder. The execution, delivery and performance by the 
Subscriber of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement has been duly 
authorized by all necessary corporate or, if the Subscriber is not a 
corporation, such partnership, limited liability company or other 
applicable like action, on the part of such Subscriber. This Transaction 
Documents to which the Subscriber is a party has been duly executed by the 
Subscriber, and when delivered in accordance with the terms hereof, will 
constitute the valid and legally binding obligation of the Subscriber, 
enforceable against it in accordance with its terms, except as such 
enforceability may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, 
reorganization, moratorium, liquidation or similar laws relating to, or 
affecting generally the enforcement of, creditors’ rights and remedies or 
by other equitable principles of general application.
 
1.4           The Subscriber is an “accredited investor,” as such term in 
defined in Rule 501(a) of Regulation D, and the Subscriber is able to bear 
the economic risk of an investment in the Securities. The Subscriber is not 
a registered broker dealer under Section 15 of the Exchange Act.
 
1.5           The Subscriber has prior investment experience (including 
investment in non-listed and non-registered securities), and has read and 
evaluated, or has employed the services of an investment advisor, attorney 
or accountant to read and evaluate, all of the documents furnished or made 
available by the Company to the Subscriber and to all other prospective 
investors in the Securities, including the PPM, as well as the merits and 
risks of such an investment by the Subscriber. The Subscriber’s overall 
commitment to investments which are not readily marketable is not 
disproportionate to the Subscriber’s net worth, and the Subscriber’s 
investment in the Securities will not cause such overall commitment to 
become excessive. The Subscriber, if an individual, has adequate means of 
providing for his or her current needs and personal and family 
contingencies and has no need for liquidity in his or her investment in the 
Securities. The Subscriber is financially able to bear the economic risk of 
this investment, including the ability to afford holding the Securities for 
an indefinite period or a complete loss of this investment.
 
1.6           The Subscriber is not purchasing the Units as a result of any 
advertisement, article, notice or other communication regarding the Units 
published in any newspaper, magazine or similar media or broadcast over 
television or radio. The Subscriber has not directly or indirectly, nor has 
any person or entity acting on behalf of or pursuant to any understanding 
with the Subscriber, engaged in any transactions in the securities of the 
Company (including any short sales involving the Company’s securities) 
since the time that the Subscriber was first contacted by the Company, the 
placement agent, or any other person or entity acting on behalf of the 
Company regarding the investment in the Company contemplated by this 
Agreement. The Subscriber covenants that neither it nor any person or 
entity acting on its behalf or pursuant to any understanding with it will 
engage in any transactions in the securities of the Company (including 
short sales) prior to the time that the transactions contemplated by this 
Agreement are publicly disclosed.
 

 

 

 
1.7           The Subscriber acknowledges receipt and careful review of the 
PPM, all supplements to the PPM, and all other documents furnished in 
connection with this transaction by the Company (collectively, the “
Offering Documents”) and has been furnished by the Company during the 
course of this transaction with all information regarding the Company which 
the Subscriber has requested or desires to know; and the Subscriber has 
been afforded the opportunity to ask questions of and receive answers from 
duly authorized officers or other representatives of the Company concerning 
the terms and conditions of the Offering, and any additional information 
which the Subscriber has requested.
 
1.8           The Subscriber acknowledges that the purchase of the 
Securities may involve tax consequences to the Subscriber and that the 
contents of the Offering Documents do not contain tax advice. The 
Subscriber acknowledges that the Subscriber must retain his, her or its own 
professional advisors to evaluate the tax and other consequences to the 
Subscriber of an investment in the Securities. The Subscriber acknowledges 
that it is the responsibility of the Subscriber to determine the 
appropriateness and the merits of a corporate entity to own the Securities 
and the corporate structure of such entity.
 
1.9           The Subscriber acknowledges that this Offering has not been 
reviewed by the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”) or any state 
securities commission, and that no federal or state agency has made any 
finding or determination regarding the fairness or merits of the Offering. 
The Subscriber represents that the Securities are being purchased for his, 
her or its own account, for investment only, and not with a view toward 
distribution or resale to others. The Subscriber agrees that he, she or it 
will not sell or otherwise transfer the Securities unless they are 
registered under the Securities Act or unless an exemption from such 
registration is available.
 
1.10         The Subscriber understands that the Securities have not been 
registered under the Securities Act by reason of a claimed exemption under 
the provisions of the Securities Act which depends, in part, upon his, her 
or its investment intention. In this connection, the Subscriber understands 
that it is the position of the SEC that the statutory basis for such 
exemption would not be present if his, her or its representation merely 
meant that his, her or its present intention was to hold such securities 
for a short period, such as the capital gains period of tax statutes, for a 
deferred sale, for a market rise, assuming that a market develops, or for 
any other fixed period. The Subscriber realizes that, in the view of the 
SEC, a purchase now with an intent to resell would represent a purchase 
with an intent inconsistent with his, her or its representation to the 
Company and the SEC might regard such a sale or disposition as a deferred 
sale, for which such exemption is not available.
 
1.11         The Subscriber agrees to indemnify and hold the Company, its 
directors, officers and controlling persons and their respective heirs, 
representatives, successors and assigns harmless against all liabilities, 
costs and expenses incurred by them as a result of any misrepresentation 
made by the Subscriber contained herein or any sale or distribution by the 
Subscriber in violation of the Securities Act (including, without 
limitation, the rules promulgated thereunder), any state securities laws, 
or the Company’s Certificate of Incorporation or By-laws, as amended from 
time to time.
 
1.12         The Subscriber understands that the Securities must be held 
indefinitely unless such Securities are registered under the Securities Act 
or an exemption from registration is available. The Subscriber acknowledges 
that it is familiar with Rule 144 promulgated by the SEC pursuant to the 
Securities Act, and that the Subscriber has been advised that Rule 144 
permits resales only under certain circumstances. The Subscriber 
understands that to the extent that Rule 144 is not available, the 
Subscriber will be unable to sell any Securities without either 
registration under the Securities Act or the existence of another exemption 
from such registration requirement.
 

 

 

 
1.13         The Subscriber understands that, when issued, the certificates 
representing the Securities will bear the following restrictive legend (“
Legend”):
 
      NEITHER THESE SECURITIES NOR THE SECURITIES ISSUABLE UPON CONVERSION
      OF THESE SECURITIES HAVE BEEN REGISTERED WITH THE SECURITIES AND
      EXCHANGE COMMISSION OR THE SECURITIES COMMISSION OF ANY STATE AND,
      ACCORDINGLY, MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD EXCEPT PURSUANT TO AN
      EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS
      AMENDED (THE “SECURITIES ACT”), OR PURSUANT TO AN AVAILABLE EXEMPTION
      FROM, OR IN A TRANSACTION NOT SUBJECT TO, THE REGISTRATION
      REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT AND IN ACCORDANCE WITH APPLICABLE
      STATE SECURITIES LAWS AS EVIDENCED BY A LEGAL OPINION OF COUNSEL TO
      THE TRANSFEROR TO SUCH EFFECT, THE SUBSTANCE OF WHICH SHALL BE
      REASONABLY ACCEPTABLE TO THE COMPANY. NOTWITHSTANDING THE FOREGOING,
      THE SECURITIES MAY BE PLEDGED IN CONNECTION WITH A BONA FIDE MARGIN
      ACCOUNT OR OTHER LOAN OR REFINANCING ARRANGEMENT SECURED BY THE
      SECURITIES.
       
The Subscriber understands that the Company will not permit transfer of 
such Securities unless the Subscriber (i) provides the Company with an 
opinion of counsel reasonably satisfactory to the Company that registration 
by the Subscriber of the Units is not required under the Securities Act, or 
(ii) transfers the Securities to an affiliate which is an accredited 
investor (in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement) or in 
compliance with Rule 144.
 
1.14         The Subscriber understands and agrees that its sale of the 
Securities, including those represented by a certificate (s) from which the 
Legend has been removed, or which were originally issued without the 
Legend, shall be made only pursuant to an effective registration statement 
(and to deliver a prospectus in connection with such sale) or in compliance 
with an exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
In the event the Legend is removed from any Securities or any Securities 
are issued without the Legend, and thereafter the effectiveness of a 
registration statement covering the sales of such Securities is suspended 
or the Company determines that a supplement or amendment thereto is 
required by applicable securities laws, then upon reasonable advance notice 
to the holder of such Securities, the Company shall be entitled to require 
that the Legend be placed upon any such Securities which cannot then be 
sold pursuant to an effective registration statement or Rule 144 or with 
respect to which the opinion referred to in clause (ii) of Section 1.10 has 
not been rendered, which Legend shall be removed when such Securities may 
be sold pursuant to an effective registration statement or Rule 144 (or 
such holder provides the opinion with respect thereto described in clause 
(ii) of Section 1.10. The Subscriber understands that the Company is under 
no obligation to comply with the conditions of Rule 144 or take any other 
action necessary in order to make available any exemption from registration 
for the sale of the Securities.
 
1.15         The Subscriber understands that the Company will review and 
rely on this Subscription Agreement without making any independent 
investigation; and it is agreed that the Company reserves the unrestricted 
right to reject or limit any subscription and to withdraw the Offering at 
any time.
 
1.16         The Subscriber hereby represents that the address of the 
Subscriber furnished at the end of this Subscription Agreement is the 
undersigned’s principal residence, if the Subscriber is an individual or 
its principal business address if it is a corporation or other entity.
 

 

 

 
1.17         The Subscriber hereby acknowledges that neither the Company 
nor any persons associated with the Company who may provide assistance or 
advice in connection with the Offering (other than the placement agent, if 
one is engaged by the Company) are or are expected to be members or 
associated persons of members of the Financial Industry Regulatory 
Authority, Inc. or a registered broker dealer under Section 15 of the 
Exchange Act.
 
1.18         The Subscriber understands that, pursuant to the terms of the 
Offering as set forth in the PPM, the Company must receive subscriptions 
for 50 Units for an aggregate purchase price of $6,250,000 in order to 
close on the sale of any Units and that persons affiliated with the Company 
or its consultants, advisors, or placement agents may subscribe for Common 
Stock, in which case the Company may accept subscriptions from such 
affiliated parties in order to reach the Minimum Offering; and that, 
accordingly, no investor should conclude that achieving the Minimum 
Offering is the result of any independent assessment of the merits or 
advantages of the Offering or the Company made by Subscribers in the 
Minimum Offering.
 
1.19         The Subscriber has independently evaluated the merits of its 
decision to purchase the Units pursuant to the Transaction Documents and 
confirms that it has not relied on the advice of any other Subscriber’s 
business and/or legal counsel in making such decision. The Subscriber 
hereby represents that, except as expressly set forth in the Offering 
Documents, no representations or warranties have been made to the 
Subscriber by the Company or any agent, employee or affiliate of the 
Company. In entering into this transaction, the Subscriber has not relied 
on the business or legal advice of the placement agent or any of its 
agents, counsel, or affiliates in making its investment decision hereunder, 
and confirms that none of such persons or entities has made any 
representations or warranties to the Subscriber in connection with the 
transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents.
 
1.20         All information provided by the Subscriber in the Investor 
Questionnaire attached as Exhibit E hereto, is true and accurate in all 
respects. The Subscriber understands that the Units are being offered and 
sold in reliance on a transactional exemption from the registration 
requirements of federal and state securities laws and the Company is 
relying upon the truth and accuracy of the representations, warranties, 
agreements, acknowledgments and understandings of the Subscriber set forth 
herein in order to determine the applicability of such exemptions and the 
suitability of the Subscriber to acquire the Securities. The Subscriber 
understands that no United States federal or state agency or any 
governmental authority has passed upon or made any recommendation or 
endorsement of the Securities.
 
1.21         If the Subscriber is not a U.S. Person (as such term is 
defined in Section 902(a) of Regulation S), the Subscriber (i) acknowledges 
that the certificate(s) representing or evidencing the Securities contain a 
customary restrictive legend restricting the offer, sale or transfer of any 
Securities except in accordance with the provisions of Regulation S, 
pursuant to registration under the Securities Act, or pursuant to an 
available exemption from registration, (ii) agrees that all offers and 
sales by the Subscriber of Securities shall be made pursuant to an 
effective registration statement under the Securities Act or pursuant to an 
exemption from, or a transaction not subject to the registration 
requirements of, the Securities Act, (iii) represents that the offer to 
purchase the Securities was made to the Subscriber outside of the United 
States, and the Subscriber was, at the time of the offer and will be, at 
the time of the sale and is now, outside the United States, (iv) has not 
engaged in or directed any unsolicited offers to purchase Securities in the 
United States, (v) is neither a U.S. Person nor a Distributor (as such 
terms are defined in Section 902(a) and 902(c), respectively, of Regulation 
S), (vi) has purchased the Securities for its own account and not for the 
account or benefit of any U.S. Person, (vii) is the sole beneficial owner 
of the Units set forth on the signature page hereof, and has not 
pre-arranged any sale with a Subscriber in the United States, and (viii) is 
familiar with and understands the terms and conditions and requirements 
contained in Regulation S, specifically, without limitation, each 
Subscriber understands that the statutory basis for the exemption claimed 
for the sale of the Securities would not be present if the sale, although 
in technical compliance with Regulation S, is part of a plan or scheme to 
evade the registration provisions of the Securities Act.
 

 

 

 
ARTICLE II.
REPRESENTATIONS BY THE COMPANY
 
2.1           The Company is a corporation duly incorporated, validly 
existing and in good standing under the laws of the State of Nevada and has 
the corporate power to conduct the business which it conducts and proposes 
to conduct.
 
2.2           The execution, delivery and performance of this Subscription 
Agreement by the Company has been duly authorized by the Company and all 
other corporate action required to authorize and consummate the offer and 
sale of the Units has been duly taken and approved.
 
2.3           The Securities have been duly and validly authorized and 
issued.
 
2.4           The Company has obtained, or is in the process of obtaining, 
all licenses, permits and other governmental authorizations necessary for 
the conduct of its business, except where the failure to so obtain such 
licenses, permits and authorizations would not have a material adverse 
effect on the Company. Such licenses, permits and other governmental 
authorizations which have been obtained are in full force and effect, 
except where the failure to be so would not have a material adverse effect 
on the Company, and the Company is in all material respects complying 
therewith.
 
2.5           The Company knows of no pending or threatened legal or 
governmental proceedings to which the Company is a party which would 
materially adversely affect the business, financial condition or operations 
of the Company.
 
2.6           The Company is not in violation of or default under, nor will 
the execution and delivery of this Subscription Agreement or the issuance 
of the Common Stock, or the consummation of the transactions herein 
contemplated, result in a violation of, or constitute a default under, the 
Company’s Certificate of Incorporation or By-laws, any material 
obligations, agreements, covenants or conditions contained in any bond, 
debenture, note or other evidence of indebtedness or in any material 
contract, indenture, mortgage, loan agreement, lease, joint venture or 
other agreement or instrument to which the Company is a party or by which 
it or any of its properties may be bound or any material order, rule, 
regulation, writ, injunction, or decree of any government, governmental 
instrumentality or court, domestic or foreign.
 
ARTICLE III.
COVENANTS BY THE COMPANY
 
3.1           The Company agrees to file a Form D with respect to the 
Securities as required under Regulation D and shall make all filings and 
reports relating to the offer and sale of the Securities by the Company and 
to the resale of the Securities by the Subscriber required under applicable 
securities or “Blue Sky” laws of the states of the United States promptly 
following the Termination Date (as defined in Section 4.1 hereof).
 
3.2           The Company maintain its status as an issuer required to file 
reports under the Exchange Act and shall timely file (or obtain extensions 
in respect thereof and file within the applicable grace period) all reports 
required to be filed by the Company after the date hereof pursuant to the 
Exchange Act and shall disclose in the Registration Statement contemplated 
by the Registration Rights Agreement, any material, nonpublic information 
provided to the holder of the Securities except to the extent previously 
disclosed or the Company determines that such information is no longer 
material.
 

 

 

 
3.3           The Company acknowledges and agrees that the Securities may 
be pledged by a Holder (as defined in the Registration Rights Agreement) in 
connection with a bona fide margin agreement or other loan or financing 
arrangement that is secured by the Securities. The pledge of Securities 
shall not be deemed to be a transfer, sale or assignment of the Securities 
hereunder, and no Subscriber effecting a pledge of Securities shall be 
required to provide the Company with any notice thereof or otherwise make 
any delivery to the Company pursuant to this Agreement or any other 
Transaction Document; provided that Subscriber and its pledgee shall be 
required to comply with the provisions hereof in order to effect a sale, 
transfer or assignment of Securities to such pledgee.
 
3.4           The proceeds from the sale of the Securities contemplated 
hereby shall be used by the Company for general corporate purposes.
 
3.5           On or before 5:30 p.m., Eastern Time, within four business 
days following the date of this Agreement, the Company shall issue a press 
release and file a Current Report on Form 8-K describing the terms of the 
transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents in the form required 
by the Exchange Act and reasonably acceptable to the Subscriber, which 
shall attach the material Transaction Documents (including, without 
limitation, this Agreement and all schedules thereto, the form of Warrant, 
the form of the Registration Rights Agreement and any other documents or 
agreements to be executed in connection with the transactions contemplated 
hereunder) as exhibits to such filing.
 
3.6           The business of the Company and its subsidiaries shall not be 
conducted in violation of any law, ordinance or regulation of any 
governmental entity, except where such violations would not result, either 
individually or in the aggregate, in a material adverse effect on the 
business and operations of the Company.
 
3.7           The Company shall be responsible for the payment of any 
agent’s fees relating to or arising out of the transactions contemplated 
hereby, including, without limitation, any commissions payable to placement 
agent; provided, however, that each Subscriber shall be responsible for the 
payment of his, her or its own independent legal fees.
 
3.8           The Company agrees to adopt a stock incentive plan within 90 
days of the Termination Date, pursuant to which 3,250,000 shares of the 
Company’s Common Stock will be reserved for issuance to employees, 
directors, consultants, and other service providers.
 
3.9           If the Company accepts the subscription of the Subscriber in 
accordance with Article IV hereof, then, on or prior to the Termination 
Date (defined below), the Company agrees (i) to deliver to the Subscriber a 
Make Good Escrow Agreement, substantially in the form of Exhibit F 
attached hereto, and duly executed by the parties thereto, and (ii) that 
the Escrow Shares (as defined in the Make Good Escrow Agreement) shall have 
been deposited into the escrow account pursuant to the terms of the Make 
Good Escrow Agreement.
 
ARTICLE IV.
TERMS OF SUBSCRIPTION
 
4.1           Subject to Section 4.2 hereof, the subscription period will 
begin as of the date of the PPM and will terminate at 11:59 PM Eastern 
Time, on the earlier of the date on which the Maximum Offering is sold or 
February 5, 2010 (the “Termination Date”); provided, however, that the 
Termination Date may be extended by up to an additional thirty (30) days by 
the Company. The minimum subscription amount is $125,000, although the 
Company may, in its discretion, accept subscriptions for less than 
$125,000.
 

 

 

 
4.2           The Subscriber shall effect a wire transfer in the full 
amount of the purchase price for the Units to the Company’s escrow account 
in accordance with the wire instructions attached as Exhibit D hereto.
 
4.3           All funds paid hereunder shall be held in escrow by the 
Escrow Agent until the Termination Date. If the Company has not obtained 
subscriptions (including this subscription) for the Minimum Offering on or 
before the Termination Date (as such date may be extended by the Company), 
then this subscription shall be void and all funds paid hereunder by the 
Subscriber shall be promptly returned without interest to the Subscriber, 
to the same account from which the funds were drawn. If subscriptions for 
the Minimum Offering are received and accepted and payment tendered 
therefor on or prior to the Termination Date, then all subscription 
proceeds (less fees and expenses agreed on by the Company) shall be paid 
over to the Company on the earlier of (a) three (3) days following the 
receipt of all fully paid funds in connection with the Minimum Offering or 
(b) three (3) days following the date that the fully paid funds received in 
escrow in connection with the Minimum Offering equals or exceeds 
$6,250,000. In such event, sales of the Units may continue thereafter until 
the earlier of the date on which the Maximum Offering is sold and the 
Termination Date, with subsequent releases of funds by the Escrow Agent, 
from time to time, at the discretion of the Company.
 
4.4           The Subscriber hereby authorizes and directs the Company and 
the Escrow Agent to deliver any certificates or other written instruments 
representing the Units to be issued to such Subscriber pursuant to this 
Subscription Agreement to the address indicated on the signature page 
hereof.
 
4.5           The Subscriber hereby authorizes and directs the Company and 
the Escrow Agent to return any funds, without interest, for unaccepted 
subscriptions to the same account from which the funds were drawn.
 
4.6           If the Subscriber is not a United States person, such 
Subscriber shall immediately notify the Company and the Subscriber hereby 
represents that the Subscriber is satisfied as to the full observance of 
the laws of its jurisdiction in connection with any invitation to subscribe 
for the Units or any use of this Subscription Agreement, including (i) the 
legal requirements within its jurisdiction for the purchase of the Units, 
(ii) any foreign exchange restrictions applicable to such purchase, (iii) 
any governmental or other consents that may need to be obtained, and (iv) 
the income tax and other tax consequences, if any, that may be relevant to 
the purchase, holding, redemption, sale or transfer of the Units. Such 
Subscriber’s subscription and payment for, and continued beneficial 
ownership of, the Units will not violate any applicable securities or other 
laws of the Subscriber’s jurisdiction.
 
ARTICLE V.
MISCELLANEOUS
 
5.1           Any notice or other communication or deliveries required or 
permitted to be provided hereunder shall be in writing and shall be deemed 
given and effective on the earliest of (a) the date of transmission, if 
such notice or communication is delivered via facsimile at the facsimile 
number specified in this Section prior to 5:30 p.m. (Eastern Time) on a 
Business Day, (b) the next business day after the date of transmission, if 
such notice or communication is delivered via facsimile at the facsimile 
number specified in this Section on a day that is not a business day or 
later than 5:30 p.m. (Eastern Time) on any date and earlier than 11:59 p.m. 
(Eastern Time) on such date, (c) the business day following the date of 
mailing, if sent by U.S. nationally recognized overnight courier service, 
or (d) upon actual receipt by the party to whom such notice is required to 
be given. The address for such notices and communications shall be as 
follows:
 

 

 

 
If to the Company: 	SanJun Industrial Park, HuaWang Road
  	Dalang, Longhua Town
  	Shenzhen, 518109, China
  	Fax: +86-755-2810 9421
  	Attention: Chief Executive Officer
 
with a copy (for 	Pillsbury Winthrop Shaw Pittman LLP
informational 	50 Fremont Street
purpose only) to: 	San Francisco, CA 94105-2228
  	Tel: 415.983.1523
  	Fax: 415.983.1200
  	Attention: Scott C. Kline
 
If to the Holder: 	To the address set forth on such Holder’s signature page 
hereto.
 
or such other address as may be designated in writing hereafter, in the 
same manner, by such Person.
 
5.2           This Subscription Agreement shall not be changed, modified or 
amended except by a writing signed by both (a) the Company and (b) 
subscribers in the Offering holding a majority of the Units issued in the 
Offering.
 
5.3           This Subscription Agreement shall be binding upon and inure 
to the benefit of the parties hereto and to their respective heirs, legal 
representatives, successors and assigns. This Subscription Agreement sets 
forth the entire agreement and understanding between the parties as to the 
subject matter hereof and merges and supersedes all prior discussions, 
agreements and understandings of any and every nature among them.
 
5.4           All questions concerning the construction, validity, 
enforcement and interpretation of this Agreement shall be governed by and 
construed and enforced in accordance with the internal laws of the State of 
New York, without regard to the principles of conflicts of law thereof. 
Each party agrees that all proceedings concerning the interpretations, 
enforcement and defense of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement 
and any other Transaction Documents (whether brought against a party hereto 
or its respective affiliates, employees or agents) shall be commenced 
exclusively in the New York Courts. Each party hereto hereby irrevocably 
submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the New York Courts for the 
adjudication of any dispute hereunder or in connection herewith or with any 
transaction contemplated hereby or discussed herein (including with respect 
to the enforcement of any of the Transaction Documents), and hereby 
irrevocably waives, and agrees not to assert in any proceeding, any claim 
that it is not personally subject to the jurisdiction of any such New York 
Court, or that such proceeding has been commenced in an improper or 
inconvenient forum. Each party hereto hereby irrevocably waives personal 
service of process and consents to process being served in any such 
proceeding by mailing a copy thereof via registered or certified mail or 
overnight delivery (with evidence of delivery) to such party at the address 
in effect for notices to it under this Agreement and agrees that such 
service shall constitute good and sufficient service of process and notice 
thereof. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any 
right to serve process in any manner permitted by law. Each party hereto 
hereby irrevocably waives, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable 
law, any and all right to trial by jury in any legal proceeding arising out 
of or relating to this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby. 
If either party shall commence a proceeding to enforce any provisions of a 
Transaction Document, then the prevailing party in such proceeding shall be 
reimbursed by the other party for its reasonable attorneys’ fees and other 
costs and expenses incurred with the investigation, preparation and 
prosecution of such proceeding.
 

 

 

 
5.5           This Subscription Agreement may be executed in counterparts. 
Upon the execution and delivery of this Subscription Agreement by the 
Subscriber, this Subscription Agreement shall become a binding obligation 
of the Subscriber with respect to the purchase of Units as herein provided; 
subject, however, to the right hereby reserved by the Company to (i) enter 
into the same agreements with other subscribers, (ii) add and/or delete 
other persons as subscribers and (iii) reduce the amount of or reject any 
subscription.
 
5.6           The holding of any provision of this Subscription Agreement 
to be invalid or unenforceable by a court of competent jurisdiction shall 
not affect any other provision of this Subscription Agreement, which shall 
remain in full force and effect.
 
5.7           It is agreed that a waiver by either party of a breach of any 
provision of this Subscription Agreement shall not operate or be construed 
as a waiver of any subsequent breach by that same party.
 
5.8           The parties agree to execute and deliver all such further 
documents, agreements and instruments and take such other and further 
actions as may be necessary or appropriate to carry out the purposes and 
intent of this Subscription Agreement.
 
[Signature Pages Follow]
 

 

 

 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Subscription Agreement 
as of the day and year first written above.
 
_______________________X $125,000 for each Unit = $._________________.
Number of Units subscribed for 	Aggregate Purchase Price
 
Maimer in which Title is to be held (Please Check One):
 
1. 	  	Individual 	  	7. 	  	Trust/Estate/Pension or Profit Sharing Plan 
Date
___ 	  	  	  	___ 	  	Opened: _____________
  	  	  	  	  	  	 
2. 	  	Joint Tenants with Right of Survivorship 	  	8. 	  	As a Custodian 
for Under the Uniform Gift to Minors
___ 	  	  	  	___ 	  	Act of the State of _____________
  	  	  	  	  	  	 
3. 	  	Community Property 	  	9. 	  	Married with Separate Property
___ 	  	  	  	___ 	  	 
  	  	  	  	  	  	 
4. 	  	Tenants in Common 	  	10. 	  	Keogh
___ 	  	  	  	___ 	  	 
  	  	  	  	  	  	 
5. 	  	Corporation/Partnership Limited Liability Company 	  	11. 	  	
Tenants by the Entirety
___ 	  	  	  	___ 	  	 
  	  	  	  	  	  	 
6. 	  	IRA 	  	12. 	  	Foundation described in Section 501(c)(3) of the
___ 	  	  	  	___ 	  	Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended.
 
IF MORE THAN ONE SUBSCRIBER, EACH SUBSCRIBER MUST SIGN:
 
    (a) INDIVIDUAL SUBSCRIBERS MUST COMPLETE PAGE A-10
    (b) SUBSCRIBERS WHICH ARE ENTITIES MUST COMPLETE PAGE A-11
 

 

 

 
EXECUTION BY NATURAL PERSONS
 
  	  	 
Exact Name in Which Title is to be Held 	  	 
  	  	 
  	  	 
Name (Please Print) 	  	Name of Additional Subscriber
  	  	 
  	  	 
Residence: Number and Street 	  	Address of Additional Subscriber
  	  	 
  	  	 
City, State and Zip Code 	  	City, State and Zip Code
  	  	 
  	  	 
Social Security Number 	  	Social Security Number
  	  	 
  	  	 
Telephone Number 	  	Telephone Number
  	  	 
  	  	 
Fax Number (if available) 	  	Fax Number (if available)
  	  	 
  	  	 
E-Mail (if available) 	  	E-Mail (if available)
  	  	 
  	  	 
(Signature) 	  	(Signature of Additional Subscriber)
 

 

 

 
EXECUTION BY SUBSCRIBER WHICH IS AN ENTITY
 
(Corporation, Partnership, Trust, Etc.)
 
 
Name of Entity (Please Print)
 
Date of Incorporation or Organization: ___________________________
 
State of Principal Office: ______________________________________
 
Federal Taxpayer Identification Number: _________________________
 
  	 
Office Address 	 
  	 
  	 
City, State and Zip Code 	 
  	 
  	 
Telephone Number 	 
  	 
  	 
Fax Number (if available) 	 
  	 
  	 
E-Mail (if available) 	 
 
[seal] 	By:  	     
  	  	 
  	Name:
  	Title:
 
Attest:_______________________ 	 
(If Entity is a Corporation) 	 
 
*If Subscriber is a Registered Representative with a FINRA member firm, 
have the following acknowledgement signed by the appropriate party:
 
The undersigned FINRA member firm acknowledges receipt of the notice 
required by Rule 3050 of the FINRA Conduct Rules
 
  	  	 
Name of FINRA Firm 	 
  	  	 
By:  	      	 
  	  	 
Name: 	 
Title: 	 
 

 

 

 
  	COMPANY:
  	  	 
  	DEERFIELD RESOURCES, LTD.
  	  	 
  	By:  	           
  	Name: Xiangjun Liu
  	Title: Chief Executive Officer
 
[COMPANY SIGNATURE PAGE TO SUBSCRIPTION AGREEMENT]
 

 

 