 EX-10.3 2 f8k111014ex10iii_biopharmx.htm VOTING AGREEMENT
 

Exhibit 10.3

VOTING AGREEMENT

VOTING AGREEMENT, dated as of October 24, 2014 (this “Agreement”), among 
KIP Overseas Platform Expansion Fund (“KIP”), and certain stockholders of 
BiopharmX Corporation, a Delaware corporation (“Company”), identified on 
Schedule I hereto (each, a “Stockholder” and, collectively, the “
Stockholders”).

W I T N E S S E T H:

WHEREAS, concurrently with the execution and delivery of this Agreement, 
KIP has subscribed for up to $3 million of the Company (the “Subscription
”) pursuant to a Subscription Agreement dated October 24, 2014 (the “
Subscription Agreement”);

WHEREAS, as of the date hereof, each Stockholder is the record and 
Beneficial Owner of the number of shares of Common Stock set forth opposite 
such Stockholder’s name on Schedule I attached hereto (with respect to each 
Stockholder, such Stockholder’s “Existing Shares” and, together with any 
shares of Common Stock or other voting capital stock of Company acquired 
after the date hereof, whether upon the exercise of warrants, options, 
conversion of convertible securities or by means of purchase, dividend, 
distribution or otherwise, such Stockholder’s “Shares”); and

WHEREAS, in connection with the Subscription, KIP has required that the 
Stockholders agree, and the Stockholders have agreed, to enter into this 
Agreement for the benefit of the Series A Preferred Stock Holders; and

NOW, THEREFORE, to induce KIP and Merger Sub to enter into, and in 
consideration of its entering into, the Merger Agreement, and in 
consideration of the premises and the mutual representations, warranties, 
covenants and agreements contained herein, the parties hereto agree as 
follows:

1.              Definitions.

For purposes of this Agreement:

 (a) 	“Beneficially Own” or “Beneficial Ownership” with respect to any 
securities shall mean having “beneficial ownership” of such securities (as 
determined pursuant to Rule 13d-3 under the Securities Exchange Act of 
1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”)), including pursuant to any 
agreement, arrangement or understanding, whether or not in writing. Without 
duplicative counting of the same securities by the same holder, securities 
Beneficially Owned by a Person shall include securities Beneficially Owned 
by all other Persons with whom such Person would constitute a “group” as 
within the meaning of Section 13(d)(3) of the Exchange Act.

 (b)	“Common Stock” shall mean at any time the Common Stock, $.001 par 
value, of the Company.

 (c)	“Person” shall mean an individual, corporation, partnership, limited 
liability company, joint venture, association, trust, unincorporated 
organization or other entity.

 (e)	Capitalized terms used and not defined herein have the respective 
meanings ascribed to them in the Subscription Agreement.

1

 

2. 	            Agreements.

(a)   	 Voting Agreement. Each Stockholder shall, from time to time, at any 
meeting of stockholders of the Company, however called, or in connection 
with any written consent of the stockholders of the Company, cause the 
Shares to be counted as present for purposes of establishing a quorum, and 
vote or consent (or cause to be voted or consented), in person or by proxy, 
the Shares then held of record or Beneficially Owned by the Stockholder or 
as to which such Stockholder has, directly or indirectly, the right to vote 
or direct the voting, and any other voting securities of Company (whether 
acquired heretofore or hereafter), in favor of any merger or sale of the 
Company or substantially all of its assets which has been approved by the 
Company’s Board of Directors and by at holders of at least 50% of the 
then-outstanding Series A (a “Combination Transaction”).

(b)    	No Inconsistent Arrangements. Each Stockholder hereby covenants and 
agrees that, except as contemplated by this Agreement, he or she shall not 
grant any proxy, power-of-attorney or other authorization in or with 
respect to the Shares or deposit the Shares into a voting trust or enter 
into a voting agreement or arrangement with respect to the Shares or take 
any other action that would in any way restrict, limit or interfere with 
the performance of its obligations hereunder or the transactions 
contemplated hereby.

(c)    	Grant of Irrevocable Proxy; Appointment of Proxy.

            (i) 	In accordance with the agreement to vote Shares set forth 
in paragraph 2(a) of this Agreement, and subject to the proviso contained 
therein, each Stockholder hereby irrevocably grants to, and appoints, KIP 
or any designee of KIP the Stockholder’s lawful agent, attorney and proxy 
(with full power of substitution), for and in the name, place and stead of 
the Stockholder, to vote the Shares, or grant a consent or approval in 
respect of the Shares in favor of a Combination Transaction. Each 
Stockholder will take such further action or execute such other instruments 
as may be necessary to effectuate the intent of this proxy.

 (ii) 	Each Stockholder represents that any proxies heretofore given in 
respect of the Stockholder’s Shares are not irrevocable, and that any such 
proxies are hereby revoked.

(d)    Drag-Along Agreement.

If the share holders (the “Drag-Along Shareholders”) of (1) a majority (67% 
or more) of Series A Preferred Shares or (2) a majority (67% or more) of 
all Shareholders including Common and Preferred Shares, approve a Transfer 
of all Shares held by them to a purchaser, or approve a proposed Trade Sal
e (each, a “Drag-Along Sale”), then, in any such event, upon written notic
e from such holders of Series A Preferred Shares requesting them to do so, 
each of the other shareholders of the Company (the “Dragged Shareholders”) 
shall (i) vote, or give its written consent with respect to, all the Share
s held by them in favor of such proposed Drag-Along Sale and in opposition 
of any proposal that could reasonably be expected to delay or impair the c
onsummation of any such proposed Drag-Along Sale; (ii) transfer all of th
eir Shares in such Drag-Along Sale to such purchaser; (iii) refrain from e
xercising any dissenters’ rights or rights of appraisal under applicable l
aw at any time with respect to or in connection with such proposed Drag-Al
ong Sale; and (iv) take all actions reasonably necessary to consummate the 
proposed Drag-Along Sale, including without limitation amending the then e
xisting Amended M&AA. The drag-along rights as provided in this Section 6 s
hall not be exercised unless the proposed amount of consideration to be pa
id by the purchaser(s) is not less than US$80,000,000, the Drag- Along Sha
reholders shall still be entitled to exercise such drag-along rights pursu
ant to the provisions hereunder. Notwithstanding any provision to the cont
rary, the share transfer restrictions of Section 5 of this Agreement shall 
not apply to any transfers made pursuant to this Section 6.

(i) Representation and Undertaking
 
Any such sale or disposition by the Dragged Shareholders shall be on the t
erms and conditions as the proposed Drag-Along Sale by the Drag-Along Shar
eholders. Such Dragged Shareholders shall be required to make customary an
d usual representations and warranties in connection with the Drag-Along S
ale, including, without limitation, as to their ownership and authority to 
sell, free of all liens, claims and encumbrances of any kind, the shares p
roposed to be transferred or sold by such persons or entities; and any vio
lation or breach of or default under (with or without the giving of notice 
or the lapse of time or both) any law or regulation applicable to such Dra
gged Shareholders or any material contract to which such Dragged Sharehold
ers is a party or by which they are bound and shall, without limitation as 
to time, indemnify and hold harmless to the full extent permitted by law, 
the purchasers against all obligations, cost, damages, expenses, losses, j
udgments, assessments, or other liabilities including, without limitation, 
any special, indirect, consequential or punitive damages, any court costs, 
costs of preparation, attorney’s fees or expenses, or any accountant’s or 
expert witness’ fees arising out of, in connection with or related to any 
breach or alleged breach of any representation or warranty made by, or agr
eements, understandings or covenants of such Dragged Shareholders as the 
case may be, under the terms of the agreements relating to such Drag-Along 
Sale.
 
Each of the Dragged Shareholders undertakes to obtain all consents, permit
s, approvals, orders, authorizations or registrations, qualifications, des
ignations, declarations or filings with any governmental authority or any 
third party (the “Consents”), which are required to be obtained or made in 
connection with the Drag-Along Sale.
 
(ii) Drag-Along Notice.
 
Prior to making any Drag-Along Sale in which the Drag-Along Shareholders w
ish to exercise their rights under this Section 6, the Drag-Along Sharehol
ders shall provide the Company and the Dragged Shareholders with written n
otice (the “Drag-Along Notice”) not less than thirty (30) days prior to th
e proposed date of the Drag-Along Sale (the “Drag-Along Sale Date”). The D
rag-Along Notice shall set forth: (a) the name and address of the purchase
rs; (b) the proposed amount and form of consideration to be paid, and the 
terms and conditions of payment offered by each of the purchasers; (c) the 
Drag-Along Sale Date; (d) the number of shares held of record by the Drag-
Along Shareholders on the date of the Drag-Along Notice which form the sub
ject to be transferred, sold or otherwise disposed of by the Drag-Along Sh
areholders; and (e) the number of shares of the Dragged Shareholders to be 
included in the Drag-Along Sale.
  

2

 

(iii) Transfer Certificate.

On the Drag-Along Sale Date, each of Drag-Along Shareholders and the Dragg
ed Shareholders shall each deliver or cause to be delivered an instrument 
of transfer and a certificate or certificates evidencing its Shares to be 
included in the Drag-Along Sale, duly endorsed for transfer with signature
s guaranteed, to such third party purchasers in the manner and at the addr
ess indicated in the Drag-Along Notice.

(iv) Payment.

If the Drag-Along Shareholders or the Dragged Shareholders receive the pur
chase price for their shares or such purchase price is made available to t
hem as part of a Drag-Along Sale and, in either case they fail to deliver c
ertificates evidencing their shares as described in this Section 6, they s
hall for all purposes be deemed no longer to be a shareholder of the Compa
ny (with the record books of the Company updated to reflect such status), s
hall have no voting rights, shall not be entitled to any dividends or othe
r distributions with respect to any shares held by them, shall have no oth
er rights or privileges as a shareholder of the Company. In addition, the 
Company shall stop any subsequent transfer of any such shares held by such 
shareholders.

(v) Definition of Trade Sale.
 
For purposes of this Agreement, an “Trade Sale” shall mean (a) a sale, lea
se, transfer or other disposition of all or substantially all of the asset
s of Company, (b) a transfer or an exclusive licensing of all or substanti
ally all of the intellectual property of Company, (c) a sale, transfer or 
other disposition of 51% or more of the issued and outstanding share capit
al of Company or a 51% or more of the voting power of Company; or (d) a me
rger, consolidation or other business combination of Company with or into 
any other business entity in which the shareholders of Company immediately 
after such merger, consolidation or business combination hold shares repre
senting less than a majority of the voting power of the outstanding share 
capital of the surviving business entity.
 

3.            	Representations And Warranties of The Stockholders.	Each 
Stockholder hereby represents and warrants to KIP as follows:

(a)     Ownership of Shares. The Stockholder is the record and Beneficial 
Owner of the Existing Shares. On the date hereof, the Existing Shares 
constitute all of the Shares owned of record or Beneficially Owned by the 
Stockholder. The Stockholder has sole voting power and sole power to issue 
instructions with respect to the matters set forth in this Agreement, sole 
power of disposition and sole power to agree to all of the matters set 
forth in this Agreement, in each case with respect to all of the Existing 
Shares with no limitations, qualifications or restrictions on such rights, 
subject to applicable securities laws and the terms of this Agreement.

3

 

(b)    Power; Binding Agreement. The Stockholder has the legal capacity to 
enter into, to perform all of his or her obligations under this Agreement 
and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby. The execution, 
delivery and performance of this Agreement by the Stockholder will not 
violate any other agreement to which the Stockholder is a party including, 
without limitation, any voting agreement, proxy arrangement, pledge 
agreement, stockholders agreement or voting trust. This Agreement has been 
duly and validly executed and delivered by the Stockholder and constitutes 
a valid and binding agreement of the Stockholder, enforceable against the 
Stockholder in accordance with its terms. There is no beneficiary or holder 
of a voting trust certificate or other interest of any trust of which the 
Stockholder is a trustee whose consent is required for the execution and 
delivery of this Agreement or the consummation by the Stockholder of the 
transactions contemplated hereby.

4.            	Shareholder Capacity. 	No Person executing this Agreement 
who is or becomes during the term hereof a director or officer of the 
Company shall be deemed to make any agreement or understanding in this 
Agreement in such Person's capacity as a director or officer. Each 
Stockholder is entering into this Agreement solely in its capacity as the 
record holder or beneficial owner of such Stockholders Shares and nothing 
herein shall limit or affect any actions taken by a Stockholder in its 
capacity as a director or officer of the Company.

5.            	Further Assurances. 	From time to time, at the other party’s 
request and without further consideration, each party hereto shall execute 
and deliver such additional documents and take all such further lawful 
action as may be necessary or desirable to consummate and make effective, 
in the most expeditious manner practicable, the transactions contemplated 
by this Agreement.

6.            	Termination. 	This Agreement and the irrevocable proxies 
given herein shall terminate or partial terminate upon both parties consent 
or upon SEC requirement for Qualifying Listing.    

7.            	Miscellaneous.

(a)    	Entire Agreement. This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement 
between the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and 
supersedes all other prior agreements and understandings, both written and 
oral, between the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof.

(b)   	Assignment. This Agreement shall not be assigned by operation of law 
or otherwise without the prior written consent of the other parties hereto, 
provided that KIP may assign, in its sole discretion, its rights and 
obligations hereunder to any direct or indirect wholly owned subsidiary of 
KIP, but no such assignment shall relieve KIP of its obligations hereunder 
if such assignee does not perform such obligations.

4

 

(c)   	Amendments; Waivers. This Agreement may not be amended, changed, 
supplemented, waived or otherwise modified or terminated, except upon the 
execution and delivery of a written agreement executed by the parties 
hereto.

(d)    	Notices. All notices, requests, claims, demands and other 
communications hereunder shall be in writing and shall be given (and shall 
be deemed to have been duly received if given) by hand delivery or telecopy 
or facsimile (with a confirmation copy sent for next day delivery via 
courier service, such as Federal Express), or by any courier service, such 
as Federal Express, providing proof of delivery. All communications 
hereunder shall be delivered to the respective parties at the following 
addresses:

  	If to the Stockholders:  	
At the addresses set forth opposite their names on
  	  	Schedule I hereto 
  	If to KIP:  	 
  	  	 
  	  	 
  	  	 
  	  	 
  	  	 
  	 
  	 
  	With a copy to:  	 
  	  	 
  	  	 
  	  	 
  	  	 
  	  	 
 

or to such other address as the person to whom notice is given may have 
previously furnished to the others in writing in the manner set forth 
above.

(e)   	Severability. Whenever possible, each provision or portion of any 
provision of this Agreement will be interpreted in such manner as to be 
effective and valid under applicable law, but if any provision or portion 
of any provision of this Agreement is held to be invalid, illegal or 
unenforceable in any respect under any applicable law or rule in any 
jurisdiction, such invalidity, illegality or unenforceability will not 
affect any other provision or portion of any provision in such 
jurisdiction, and this Agreement will be reformed, construed and enforced 
in such jurisdiction as if such invalid, illegal or unenforceable provision 
or portion of any provision had never been contained herein.

(f)    	No Waiver. The failure of any party hereto to exercise any right, 
power or remedy provided under this Agreement or otherwise available in 
respect hereof at law or in equity, or to insist upon compliance by any 
other party hereto with its obligations hereunder, and any custom or 
practice of the parties at variance with the terms hereof, shall not 
constitute a waiver by such party of its right to exercise any such or 
other right, power or remedy or to demand such compliance.

5

 

(g)   	No Third Party Beneficiaries. This Agreement is not intended to be 
for the benefit of, and shall not be enforceable by, any person or entity 
who or which is not a party hereto.

(h)   	Governing Law. This Agreement shall be governed and construed in 
accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware.

(i)     	Descriptive Headings. The descriptive headings used herein are 
inserted for convenience of reference only and are not intended to be part 
of or to affect the meaning or interpretation of this Agreement.

(j)     	Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in counterparts, by 
facsimile or PDF, each of which shall be deemed to be an original, but all 
of which, taken together, shall constitute one and the same Agreement.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, KIP and the Stockholders have caused this Agreement to 
be duly executed as of the day and year first above written.

KIP Overseas Platform Expansion Fund
 
 
By:/s/ Baek Yer Hyun                                
 
 
Name: Baek Yer Hyun                                
 
 
Title: CEO                                                  
 
 
 

Stockholders:

/s/ James Pekarsky                                           
James Pekarsky
 
Address: 657 Upton Street, Redwood City, CA 94061
Facsimile: (650) 900-4130
 
 
/s/ Anja Krammer                                            
Anja Krammer
 

Address: P.O. Box 8167, Spokane, WA 99203
Facsimile: (650) 900-4130

 

6

 

 
 
 
Schedule I
 
 Stockholder  	 Number of Shares 
James Pekarsky 	2,500,000
Anja Krammer 	2,500,000
 
 
 
7
------------------------------------------------------------------------